BDSM Library -  Alone with Helen




 Alone with Helen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Femdom, Panties fetish, Crossdressing, Bi sex, Enema






Alone with Helen



"It's okay. He won't bite."



"What's his name?"



"Butchy. Did you just move in here?"



"Yeah," my mom said. 



The dog was a little frisky toy beagle. He was jumping all over me. I was 

sitting on the front steps of the house my mom and I had just moved into in 

Chicago. 



"Well, I'm Helen, your neighbor. I live in that blue house over there.."



She pointed to a house just one block over. 



"I'm Grace and this is my son John."



"Very nice to meet you. Butchy seems to really like you John."



"He's cute."



Butchy was cute but Helen was so beautiful it was intimidating. She looked like 

a movie star, all decked out in high heels and capri pants and tight sweater 

showing off her formidable bosom. I was glad I had the dog to play with, so that 

I wouldn't show how nervous I was around her. I remember we made small talk for 

a few minutes and I stole a few glances at her. She gave me a big, warm smile. 



"You can come and visit Butchy some time. He loves attention."



"Okay. Thanks."



I liked watching her walk away. Great ass and long longs, a confident stride. 

"She's really pretty."



"I'll say. Bet she's popular," my Mom said. 



At fourteen years old, I was a shy kid and really didn't know anybody in the 

neighborhood. Mom and I had just moved here from California. So when somebody 

was that friendly to me it meant a lot. It seemed like Helen and mom became fast 

friends almost immediately. I remember her being around the house a lot. She 

always looked great and smelled great. She asked if I'd walk Butchy for her now 

and then and of course I readily agreed. I would have done anything for her. 



The first time I walked Butchy I rang her bell and she just called the dog, put 

the leash on him and handed me the leash. After a fun walk for a few blocks I 

returned to her house with the dog. Helen invited me in. Her house seemed so 

much cooler than ours, interesting prints on the walls, snapshots of Helen at 

parties with friends, attractive people. She fixed me a coke and attempted to 

draw me out in conversation. We made small talk about my school and California 

but I was very shy around her. She attempted to give me some



money for walking the dog but I refused it. 



"What a nice young man you are!"



She ruffled my hair and I swooned inside. 



Helen encouraged me to walk the dog whenever I wanted, so I started going over 

to her house to walk Butchy a few times a week. One day I went over and



noticed a strange car in her driveway. She didn't answer her bell. I rang it a 

few times and left. The next time I came over to walk Butchy, she came to the 

door and gave me the dog on a leash. 



"Sorry about the other day, John. I had some special company. " Here she rubbed 

her crotch area and smiled at me. I felt strange. 



"A man friend."



"Oh. I understand," I said, even though I didn't. Had she touched her genital 

area on purpose? To convey some sex thing?



The more I walked her dog, and saw her visiting Mom, the more relaxed I became 

around her. But still found her enthralling. I confess I jerked off a few times 

thinking of her rubbing her crotch and saying "A man friend" and smiling at me. 



As she invited me in more, after walking Butchy, she seemed to become more 

familiar with me. Touching me a lot, my hair, my shoulders, my face. Several 

times she told me "You're so pretty," which seemed odd to tell a boy. 



I also noted she seemed to be in skirts a lot more when I visited. I began to 

note her panties on display, I would stare at them, then she would pull her 

skirt down, as if she had forgotten she was flashing her panties at me. Could 

she be doing it on purpose? I was fascinated by her panties and her cunt area. 



She would frequently model some new outfit for me while I was in her house. 

"Your opinion is very important to me, Johnny."



One day she asked me if I liked to play cards? Sure. So we started playing gin 

rummy together. It was fun, not too exciting. She treated me like an adult and I 

loved that. During one of these card games I went to the bathroom in her place 

and noticed a pair of her panties lying on the bathroom sink. Curious, I picked 

them up and smelled them. Cunt. Helen's cunt smell was in there! I threw a rod 

immediately. Then I was worried about her seeing it. Had she put the panties 

here on purpose? Probably not. But still, it got me going. Thoughts of stealing 

them flashed through my mind but I was afraid she would miss them. 



I returned to the card game. I still had a hard on. She smiled and said nothing. 

I don't think she noticed it. It was a short time later that I noted her 

scratching her cunt for a long time and then she looked right at me. I must have 

blushed!



"Johnny, I hope I'm not embarrassing you?"



"Oh no!"



"I feel so relaxed with you, honey. You don't mind me scratching my pussy, do 

you?"



I must have turned beet red. No woman had ever said 'pussy' to me before. 



Her face lit up. 



"Oh, Precious! You're blushing! I'm sorry."



Here she got up from the card table and hugged me. I loved being in her arms and 

smelling her feminine perfume, her soft hands caressing me. She held me tight, 

playing with my hair. 



"Does it upset you if I say 'pussy', Johnny?"



"Nnnoo Helen. Of course not."



"What made you blush, Precious?"



"Uh... I guess I'm not used to an adult talking that way. To me. Sorry."



"It's okay, babe. " (She hugged me tighter, rubbing my head and then my ass. Her 

hand seemed to linger on my ass. I got hard. ) "I would never want to make you 

uncomfortable. If I ever do, please let me know. "



"Okay, Helen."



She let me go and we resumed playing cards, as if nothing had happened. Of 

course I jacked off about three times that night, thinking about it. 



We seemed to get into a pattern after that. Walking Butchy for her, then playing 

cards for a while before I had to go home to dinner. And every time I went into 

the bathroom at her place I would see another pair of her soiled panties lying 

on the sink. I would always sniff them and get hard, then jack off thinking 

about it that night. Finally I stole a pair. That night alone in bed with them 

pressed against my nose I had my most powerful orgasm to date. 



Not long after that Mom had a big date and Helen offered to baby-sit me, 

overnight, at her place. I was thrilled. It was a Saturday night. The weird 

thing was, she was kind of dressed up. Like I was her date or something. Nice 

pressed blouse showing her ample cleavage, a flared skirt and high heels. I was 

in jeans. 



We started off playing gin rummy. Helen let me drink wine and made me promise 

not to tell Mom. Of course. Since I had never had any alcohol to speak of, I got 

pretty buzzed right away. I was having a ball. The idea of actually staying 

overnight at her place was quite exciting. 



I had had a few glasses of wine and was in a great mood. I noted her scratching 

her cunt a lot. Then she would leave her skirt up high on her legs and not pull 

it down. For several minutes. Of course I couldn't help staring at her pretty 

panty covered pussy area. 



"Do you like looking at my panties, Johnny?"



I started blushing. 



"Uh.."



"Tell the truth, Precious."



"Yes, Helen. I do."



She smiled. 



"Good. That's only natural. To be curious about females."



"You're so beautiful!"



"Why thank you, Sexy. You're pretty hot yourself. Tonight I want to do



something wild. But you've got to promise not to tell your Mom. Okay?"



"Sure Helen. I won't tell."



"Good, babe. Let's play Strip Poker! Do you know how to play?" This was very 

intimidating to me. Plus, I was wearing the panties I stole from her house!



"Um.. I've heard about it."



"It's real easy. Every time one of us loses a hand, we have to remove an article 

of clothing. Okay?"



"Okay."



"Good girl!"



Did she call me a girl?



We had some more wine. She was touching me more as we played cards. My



legs, my hair. 



"I'll bet you're hoping I lose," she said. 



"You said it!"



We both laughed. 



"And I'm hoping you lose. Can't wait to see what your little dick looks like. " 

I must have turned bright red. 



"Ha. Ha. It worked. Love to make you blush, honey."



Here she reached over and touched my dick through my pants. I was already hard. 

Her touch was electric to me. I nearly went through the floor I was so shocked. 



"Is it in here, Johnny? Oooh. Feels a little hard, Honey. Are you excited? Such 

a pretty girl."



My young dick was rock hard. She was the first person to ever touch it, except 

me. I was so excited. Why was she calling me a girl? "You know I think someone 

took a pair of my dirty panties out of my bathroom. Isn't that weird?"



".. Yeah. I guess."



"It wasn't you, was it?"



She was staring right at me. Then she was touching my hard again. She kept 

holding it. 



"Well, was it?"



"Yes, Helen. I took them. I'm sorry. Please don't tell my mom!" She stood up and 

hugged me tight. "Good girl. I always want you to tell the truth. And don't 

worry. I'll never tell your mom anything about our special visits. That's our 

secret. Now tell me what you did with them."



I was silent. It seemed so embarrassing. But I was so hot from her touching my 

dick. 



"It's alright, Honey. Males are fascinated by females. And vice versa. What did 

you do with them. Was this little guy involved?"



She was pulling on my dick in my pants. 



"Yes Helen.."



"And?"



More pulling my dick. Squeezing it. 



"I smelled them in my bed. And then I jacked off thinking about your.. your 

pussy."



"Did you like that smell?"



"Oh yes."



"Did you cum hard?"



"Oooh yessss."



She was sort of rubbing my dick now. In my pants. 



"Good. I'm flattered. I like you jacking off to my pussy panties. And I love you 

for sharing that with me, Precious. I'll be right back. " I just sat there with 

a big hard in my pants. I felt numb with excitement. She returned from her 

bedroom with something in her hand. Then she thrust it under my nose. 



"Smell it. I wore these the other day."



I sniffed the powerful odor of her cunty panties. Like she had worn them more 

than one day. 



"Put them in your pocket and you can jack off to them in your room tomorrow. And 

think of me. When the smell wears off, just bring them back and I'll give 

another pair. Okay, Hon?"



"Thanks Helen."



I put her stinky panties in my pocket. 



This seemed so adult and personal. I began to lose at the card game. Soon I had 

to remove my jeans. She saw that I was wearing her stolen panties and let out a 

whoop of laughter. She insisted that I model them for her. I walked around the 

room in her panties. Felt weird. But so exciting. My dick was like cast iron. 

The panties felt so good with a big hard in front of her. 



"Walk like a woman, Johnny. Like my girl."



I tried to make my walk more femmy. "Good girl!"



My hard on stuck out in my panties. It looked funny. 



"You make a very pretty girl. With a hard dickie in her sexy panties."



She swatted my dick with her hand and I doubled over. It stung a little. She 

giggled. Soon Helen was down to her bra and panties. I loved looking at her. And 

I was so happy she wasn't angry at me for stealing her panties. 



"Johnny, we need a new name for you. You're so pretty in your stinky cunty 

panties. Joanna. That will be your secret name. When you're here. Okay, Joanna?"



"Yes Helen. Thank you."



I love secrets and this was a very special one. 



"Ooh, Joanna's baby dick looks so hard in her panties."



I lost the game and Helen had me parade naked around the room. "Over here, 

Joanna."



I stood in front of her. She was touching my dick and balls. I felt like I could 

cum any minute. 



"What's this, Honey? What's this little hard thing? It looks like a penis. But 

it's too small. Why is it so hard? You must be excited around Helen's pussy, 

huh? Huh babe?"



I could hardly talk. 



"Yy.. yes Helen."



"Oh you have such a beautiful little prickie. And such cute balls too. And such 

a nice asshole. Do you like me touching you, hon? Ha. Ha. Of course you do. Oh, 

look, you're dribbling."



Precum was streaming out of my piss slit and she was spreading it around my cock 

head. Felt so good. "Such a pretty clittlie on such a pretty girl."



Here she took a pink ribbon she must have had set up somewhere and tied it 

around my dick and balls. It seemed to make my dick much harder, if that was 

possible. 



"Your little dick and balls look like a present. Well, Joanna, I won the game 

but I'm a good sport. Do you want to see my cunt now?"



"Oh do I!"



"Kneel down Honey."



I kneeled down in front of her. First she removed her bra and displayed her big 

tits to me. Then she pulled my head to her chest. I was delirious. "Kiss my tits 

honey. Lick 'em up good."



I followed her instructions. 



"Yeah, you like licking Helen's titties, don't you? You're a cute little 

doggie."



I was in a frenzy. Now and then she would kick my dick. And pull my hair. It 

just got me hotter. 



"Would you like to smell my pussy in my panties, Joanna? A real woman's



pussy, up close?"



"Yes."



"First, go let Butchy out of the basement. He likes this too."



I let the dog out and he made a bee line for Helen's cunt, sniffing and lapping 

away at her cunty panties. Like they had played this game hundreds of times. 



He looked frenzied. She talked to the dog while he sniffed her excited pussy, 

whimpering loudly. 



"Why, Joanna, you look like you'd like Butchy's job. Of licking my panties."



"Yeah. I'd love his job."



"Get down and join him."



I did. It was so weird licking her panties with the dog doing it right next to 

me. 



She was petting us both. 



"Now I've got two doggies. With two hard dickies."



I glanced over and noted that Butchy's red dick was hard and out. It all seemed 

so animal. 



Her cunt looked really hairy in her panties, with lots of tendrils spilling over 

the edges. It smelled so funky and exciting. She made me put the dog back 

downstairs. He howled in anger. I couldn't blame him. 



Then she stood up and removed her panties. Then she put them under my nose. They 

smelled great. Cunty. She sat back down on the couch. "Here we go. Get a good 

look Joanna. " I was on my knees, mesmerized by her hairy, black haired cunt. It 

fascinated me. After about a minute I felt her hand on the back of my neck. 

"Suck it. Suck Helen's cunt. " She was mashing my face into her cunt and I was 

loving it. I just lost myself in that wet, stinky universe. I sucked as much as 

I could. I could hear her breathing hard. After just a few minutes she started 

cumming and moaning and squeezing my head between her legs. It went on for a 

long time. My face was soaking wet with pussy cum. After she came about ten 

times, we took a break and had some wine. She slapped my dick a few times. It 

never went down. Then she had me eat her again for about an hour. I was on Mars. 





We took another break. Then she had me sit on the couch. She untied the ribbon 

and slowly jacked me off into a pair of panties. I came in about three strokes. 

Then she was putting the soiled panties up to my mouth. 



"Suck it clean, Joanna. Suck your jizz out of them."



Of course I followed her instructions to the letter. She was petting my head 

like a dog while I sucked her jizzy panties. 



"That's a good girl. Get all that boycream out of my panties. Lick it clean 

Honey."



Soon after that we went to bed. I remember being so thrilled to be next to her, 

naked in her bed. Sucking her big tits and her touching my dick. When I woke up 

in the morning she was sucking my prick. I hadn't dreamed it. I was scared of 

cumming in her mouth but she wouldn't take her mouth off my dick. Then I shot my 

load for a long time. She was moaning and whimpering with pleasure. After she 

finally released my dick she gave me this happy smile. 



"Ohhh. What a nice breakfast! Thank you Joanna. I love to eat you, Precious."



"Thank you Helen."



After a few minutes she had me accompany her to the bathroom. "Sit down here 

honey. Right in front of the toilet."



This was weird. I sat down cross legged in front of the toilet. 



"Now I want you to watch me pee. You can see how a woman pees."



I watched her piss and it was fascinating. 



"Okay, Sugar. Now lick me clean."



She pulled my head into her cunt and I licked all the piss off of her pussy and 

her thighs. It seemed so personal and secret. I loved this!!!!! "Very, very 

good, Joanna. You're going to be Helen's special toilet paper."



Then she was pulling my hair, hard. And mashing my face into her again. 



"Eat me you little slut. Make me cum. Do it!"



Of course I sucked her cunt and made her cum about five times, squeezing my head 

with her thighs and pulling my hair. 



It made me feel wanted. That I had this valuable talent, to make her cum and 

give her so much pleasure. 



After that she made me a real breakfast, then insisted I take a good shower and 

"get that pussy juice off your face so your mama won't know our secret.. " For 

the rest of the week I felt like I was flying. Every thought of that visit with 

her produced a cast iron boner which I had to stop for and beat off. She 

occupied my every thought. In the back of my mind were some questions about her 

turning me into a girl but the good feeling in my little dick overrode 

everything. I wanted more. Much, much more. 



Looking back on it, I think that Helen was just as turned on as I was. She loved 

corrupting me and introducing me to new sex things. It was glorious. 



We soon developed a pattern. I would come over to walk Butchy and she would tell 

me if we were going to "play some games" later on, when I returned from my walk. 

I'd have a semi hard the whole time of walking Butchy. Then I'd knock on her 

back door and she'd let me in, usually putting Butchy in the basement. "Whenever 

you are in my house, I want you stripped down to panties. Just panties Joanna. 

You're a woman here. Understand?"



"Yes maam."



"Good girl. Now I want to teach you your positions."



She informed me that I would have three positions that she would just say and 

that I would be expected to conform to immediately. The First Position was on my 

knees in front of her, as she sat on the couch, with my nose on her on panties. 

She would frequently leave me there for long periods, testing me. She would talk 

to me, pet my hair, my body, touch my hard clitty or ignore me. Whatever she 

wanted. Sometimes she would even watch tv with me like that, nose on her cunty 

panties, touching my hair now and then. 



"Have you been jacking off, Joanna?"



"Yes Maam."



"When was the last time?"



"Last night."



"Were my panties involved?"



"Yes Helen."



The Second Position was standing up in front of her, with my eyes face down, on 

the rug. The Third Position was weird. The Dirty Whore position she



called it. I was to get on all fours, facing away from her. Then reach back, 

pull down my panties, and pull my ass cheeks apart and look at her. She would 

usually play with my ass in this position. 



She introduced me to the enema and it's erotic aspects. I was a little afraid 

the first time. She loved that. I had never noticed the massage table in her 

bedroom before. The water filled enema bag looked very ominous to me. "Now I'm 

going to fuck your boy pussy, Joanna."



The long nozzle felt weird going into my asshole. But of course she was usually 

playing with my little dick and I lived for that. 



"It hurts Helen. I can't take any more."



"Of course you can, Honey. For me. For Helen. I want you to take the whole bag."



The bag looked huge. But with her rubbing lotion into my hard prick anything was 

possible. The first time I shot with that nozzle way up my ass it felt like I 

came for about ten minutes. My overworked dick just kept pumping out jizz. 



"Good girl! What a pretty girl! That's right, Precious. Shoot it all out for 

Helen. You are so sweet. Look at all that cream!" Then, when I was finished 

cumming, she scooped it up and made me lap it up off her hands. Then she watched 

me relieve my bowels in the bathroom. 



I was mortified and excited at the same time. It really smelled bad. But Helen 

loved it. She was standing in the bathroom doorway masturbating. When I started 

to shit I could tell she was climaxing. Her mouth was open and this glazed look 

came over her, frigging her clit a mile a minute. 



And that was only the beginning!



She always let me drink at her house, another taboo I savored. Dressed in 

panties with my little dick making a tiny dent, and three glasses of wine under 

my belt, I was flying. 



Helen began to add little accessories to my panty outfit. The first were two 

small barrettes for my hair, which was fairly short. It really gave me a fem 

look. Then she added little pink ankle socks with frilly tops. Then a matching 

bra. I loved the bra. Now I was really getting into the woman role. "Do you like 

your new brassiere, Joanna?"



"Oh yes Helen. Thank you."



Here she sat down and pulled her panties aside, revealing her wet, hairy black 

bush. 



"You know how to thank me, you slut."



I ate her for about an hour and a half that day, she kicked my dick a lot and 

pulled my hair hard. I screamed a few times 'cause she was pulling my hair so 

hard. She slapped me for the first time. It hurt. "Ow!"



"Don't scream, slut. I don't want you screaming. "



"Yes. Helen. Sorry."



She didn't say anything, but the slaps became part of our sex play. It just 

solidified her dominant role and my submissive nature. My panties were usually 

very wet from precum whenever I was in her company. Sometimes she would take my 

panties off me and make me suck the cum out. "Suck it clean Slutty Girl. Eat 

your cum."



At this point the routine usually went like this. I would walk the dog. When I 

returned to her house she would inform me whether or not she "had time to play. 

" If so, she'd say, "Your outfit is on my bed. Get dressed and into Position One 

in the living room."



I'd go into her bedroom and there would be a pair of her dirty panties and the 

training bra on the bed, along with the ankle socks and the barrettes. I would 

quickly get undressed and then dressed. After a while there was usually a glass 

of red wine waiting for me in her bedroom. I could sip it as I dressed. It made 

me feel like an actress, just before going on stage. Then I would walk into the 

living room. Kneel in front of her sitting on the couch and place my nose on her 

panties on her lap. Sometimes she'd still have her skirt on and I would have to 

lift it up and put my head under it. Usually her panties would be damp and 

funky. My little prick would be throbbing in my ps. 



It seemed like my dick was hard 90% of the time now. Either in her company or 

with my thoughts of what we did together. I would be rock hard a half hour 

before I even walked the dog. 



One day I came over to walk Butchy and Helen seemed in an unusually buoyant 

mood. Like she had had a few extra drinks or something. When I returned from the 

walk with the dog, she told me to put him away in the basement and then to 

quickly change and get into Position One. And hurry!



I did as directed and just figured she was extra horny today, for some reason. I 

quickly followed her instructions and was soon kneeling with my nose on her wet, 

smelly panties while she sat on the couch in her panties, bra and heels. I was 

wearing my training bra, barrettes, ankle socks and low heels. 



Then I heard a different, new voice. 



"Oh she's adorable! You are so fucking lucky!"



I got scared. But felt Helen's hands on my head, stroking my hair. "Isn't she 

yummy? Wait till she's eating your cunt. Then you'll see how lucky I really am."



This was so unexpected and strange. While she chatted with her friend, another 

female, about me, she casually pulled down my panties and tied the pink ribbon 

around my cock and balls. Tight. This had the same effect as a cock ring. 



"Lemme see it!"



The other woman was coming over to me to get a better look at my little hard on. 

"Oooh she's dripping. She must be excited."



"Of course she's excited. Joanna is very excitable."



The other woman was rubbing my legs and touching my little balls. They were 

talking about me like I was a little pet or something. And you know what? It 

turned me on even more. 



"How long will she stay like that?"



"As long as I want her to. Watch this. Position Two, Joanna."



I stood up in front of her, my eyes facing down. I could see part of the other 

woman's legs. They were thicker than Helen's. This woman's hands were all over 

me now. I could feel her nose literally in my ass crack, sniffing my ass. Then 

she was spreading my ass cheeks and licking out my young asshole. It felt 

divine!



"Mmmm. Her asshole is luscious. Mmmm so fucking good."



Then she started to slowly insert her finger into my asshole. 



"Whoa, Doris! Let's slow down a bit. There's no rush. You can take a break, 

Joanna. This my friend Doris. Doris, Joanna."



I looked up and saw a short, chubby woman with dancing blue eyes. She looked a 

bit like an overweight Linda Rondstat. She was obviously very excited. 



"Hi Doris. Nice to meet you."



"Likewise, Joanna. Nice to lick out your asshole too."



Here I must have blushed because they both whooped with laughter. 



"See! I told you she blushed easily."



"She is adorable."



As she said this, Doris was stroking my dick in my ps. I felt like I could cum 

any second. 



Helen stressed to Doris that they pace themselves. "Once she shoots, it's not as 

intense."



I was in awe of both of them. Doris made me feel like a celebrity. And Helen was 

obviously proud of her possession. We had a few glasses of wine and Doris 

quickly stripped down to her bra and panties. She had a very hairy pussy, as I 

noted a lot of the pussy hair spilling over the edges of the panties. I was so 

excited I was shaking. 



Doris was very uninhibited. At one point in the conversation she just turned me 

over on the couch and resumed licking out my a hole. "Go in my room, Joanna. 

Let's give you your douche. " I had to literally tear myself away from Doris and 

go lay down on the massage table in Helen's bedroom. Soon they were both 

surrounding me. Helen removed my panties and Doris bent down and began French 

kissing me while



she jacked my hard dickie. Then I could feel Helen lubricating my asshole with 

the Vaseline. 



"This is so fucking hot," Doris exclaimed, coming up for air. 



"Watch this. Now I'm gonna fuck Joanna's boy pussy. Here it comes honey."



She smiled widely and slowly shoved the greased nozzle up my tender asshole. 



Now I was twice as excited. 



"How much can she take?"



"She'll take it all. The whole bag. Cause she's my good girl. Aren't you, 

Honey?"



"Y.. yes Helen."



Actually by this time I was accustomed to taking the entire enema bag. But with 

Helen stroking my thighs and Doris jacking and sucking my little clittie, the 

real test was just holding off from cumming. When the bag was empty I looked 

like I was nine months pregnant. They were both openly masturbating. They helped 

me off the massage table and onto the toilet seat. Helen stood in the doorway 

while Doris stood right next to me, her bushy panty covered cunt in my face. 

When I started to shit they both went into overdrive, frigging their clits like 

crazy. The whole room smelled like cunt and shit. Doris was very vocal in her 

orgasm. 



"OOOOhhhh fffffuccckkkkkk. Fuck fuck fuuuuuuukkkkkkk. Oh fucking Jesus!"



I shot my dick all over the place. Cum all over my legs and all over Doris. Then 

she pulled my face into her wet cunt. Heaven. My face soaking in her sopping, 

hairy pussy. 



Later on, after we cleaned up, we met again in the living room. Helen was so 

proud of me and Doris was just glowing with excitement. She liked to make out 

with me a lot. She also loved to finger fuck me a lot. Helen hadn't done that 

much and this was a new turn on. Made me feel more feminine too. 



Doris had her finger up my ass the rest of the afternoon. "You are such a good 

girl. You made Doris cum really, really hard. Here. Smell."



She dipped her finger in her wet cunt and then put it under my nose. 



"Smells good Doris."



Then she shoved the finger in my mouth and I eagerly sucked on it. "Good girl. 

Good slutty Girl."



Doris became a regular at our "special parties" as Helen called them. Almost as 

soon as I arrived she would have her mouth glued to my asshole. Made me feel 

like a goddess. She loved to administer the enema to me. "Oh, look. Joanna likes 

the big nozzle going into her pussyhole. Doesn't she? Why is you clitty so hard, 

Joanna? Does this seem like a dick going up your poop chute? Would you like a 

dick up there, Precious?" I'd be nodding my head yes while Helen jacked my dick. 





We soon got into a routine. They would administer an enema and we would all have 

our first cum during this time. Then we would take a break and relax, have some 

wine and slowly gravitate to the next sex play. This always involved me eating 

both of their pussies for long periods. And Doris always managed to finger fuck 

my asshole quite a bit. In no time she had me worked up to three of her fingers 

deep into my ass. I loved it. 



"We've got a surprise for you today, Joanna."



Little chills of fear ran through me. "What?"



"Doris is going to get your present. Let's go back in the bedroom," Helen said. 



I walked into the bedroom with trepidation. 



"Hi Honey. You're gonna get fucked today."



Doris was standing in front of me with a strap on dildo harness on. She had kind 

of a crazed smile on her face. 



Helen was rubbing my back. 



"Don't be scared, Cupcake. This is good for you. You need some dick.. " They 

both placed me on my back on the bed. Doris was lubricating my ass with Vaseline 

while Helen was giving me deep soul kisses with her sexy mouth. She was pinching 

my nipples too. 



I noted that the dick on the harness was not that big. In fact, not much bigger 

than my own little pee pee. And that was appreciated. Suddenly Doris was 

in-between my legs and then I felt it starting to go in. 



"Take it, Bitch. Take it all."



I was so turned on. It really didn't hurt that much, probably from all the 

finger work Doris had done on my ass up until now. 



"Yeah, Joanna likes a nice dick in her pussyhole. Feels good, huh cunt?"



I just moaned. Helen was still tongue kissing me. I loved being taken like a 

woman. Doris began to go faster and faster in my asshole. 



"Yeah. You love getting dick in your cunt, huh babe? Huh? You been wanting this 

dick for a long time."



Suddenly I shot my load like crazy. Doris kept pumping away. 



"Thas right. Thas right. Take that dick, bitch. Eat it up. Shoot that cream you 

dirty whore! You love dick, you cunt!"



I came so fucking hard and long. I wanted more of this. 



Soon that became part of our "special games. " I got very turned on just seeing 

Doris or Helen wearing the dildo harness. It seemed so masculine on them and 

emasculating for me to take. 



Then one day I came over and walked the dog and again, Helen seemed in an extra 

buoyant mood. When I returned with the dog, Helen said, "Get changed and into 

Position One, Joanna. Hurry up."



I followed her orders and soon was kneeling in front of her on the couch, with 

my nose on her damp panties, savoring that strong woman odor. I was wearing my 

usual outfit of dirty Helen panties, training bra, ankle socks and low heels. I 

felt like such a slut. There was another person on the couch. I sensed that it 

was Doris and I loved that. 



"We've got a special surprise for you today, Cunty."



"Position Two, Joanna."



I stood up and stared at the carpet. My dick was hard and wet in my ps. 



"Isn't she cute?" Doris asked. "Yeah, very. " A deep masculine voice. Now I was 

scared. But also very excited. 



While looking down at the rug I suddenly felt a male hand rubbing my dick and 

balls through my panties. Then he pulled down my ps and was rubbing my dick and 

balls with his big hand. 



"God, she's really tiny. But cute."



"Very cute," Helen said. 



The man started to jack my dick. Precum was dribbling out of my piss slit. He 

slowly spread it around with his thumb. "Like that, Honey?"



"Ohh yess."



"You can take a break, Joanna. This is Ricardo. Ricardo, Joanna."



"Hi Ricardo."



"Hello, Joanna. You're very pretty."



"Thank you."



"You're right, she is a blusher."



He was a very good looking Latin man. Sort of like Ricardo Montablan. He was 

methodically jacking my tiny dick while he chatted with me and them. 



Like this was the most natural thing in the world. 



"Lots of precum. Very exciting."



"Oh she's very, very excitable."



"Yeah."



They were talking about me like I was some sort of racehorse or something. And I 

adored it. Then he pulled me to him and was kissing me passionately on the 

mouth, still manhandling my little hard dickie. His tongue sucked mine into his 

strong mouth and I swooned inside. I could smell his cologne mixed with his 

strong masculine odor. Finally he broke the kiss. 



"You are a hot number, Joanna!"



"Thank you."



"Calm down, Ricardo. We've got all afternoon."



Thankfully we took a break and I got to sit on the couch next to him. He kept 

rubbing my back and my legs. I just felt so girlish with him. While he chatted 

with Doris and Helen he would casually squeeze my dick and put his hand in my ps 

and fondle my dick and balls, spreading my cum all over my prickhead. I was in 

such a state of heightened sexuality. 



"Look what I've got, Joanna!"



I looked over to Doris's voice and saw her standing in the middle of the living 

room in her bra and panties. She was wearing the dildo harness. I knew she was 

going to fuck me. In front of him. Helen was pinching my nipples under the bra. 



"Tell Ricardo what Doris is wearing, honey," Helen said. 



"She's wearing her dick. That she fucks me with."



"Tell him how much you like to get dicked."



"I love to get dicked, Ricardo. I love a dick in my pussy ass."



He pulled me onto his lap and kissed me on the mouth again. Then Doris was 

standing in front of me, the fake dick right in front of my mouth. 



"Are you a cocksucker, Joanna?"



"Yes Doris."



"Kiss it, Bitch. Show Ricardo what you do with a nice hard dick."



I began licking the fake dick and then sucking it into my slut mouth. 



When I had it almost all the way in my mouth, I leered at Ricardo like the slut 

I was. My whore training was paying off. 



Doris removed the fake dick from my mouth. "Joanna, help Ricardo off with his 

clothes. We want him to be comfortable at our special parties."



My hands were shaking so badly I couldn't believe it. But I slowly removed all 

of this handsome man's clothes, including his Calvin Klein jockey briefs. His 

semi soft penis looked enormous. Then I finally pulled them down. His dick was 

about nine inches long and very thick, with a big mushroom head. And it smelled 

funky and wonderful. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. Ricardo put his hand in 

my hair, pulled my hair and then took his hardening prick and swatted my face 

with it. Several times. I loved it. Then he pulled my face into his balls sack. 



"Smell me, Bitch."



I did. I inhaled his odors. It was wonderful. 



Anyway that was quite an afternoon. Ricardo made me suck his dick for a



while. Then he and Helen watched while Doris fucked me in the ass while I lay on 

the massage table. I shot a big load of cum. Helen scooped it up and fed it to 

me. "Eat it up you slut. Clean my hand of your jizz."



Later we took a break, had some drinks in the living room. Then everybody 

watched while I sucked Ricardo's dick for him. He pulled out at the last minute 

and shot his big cum load all over my slut face. Then he rubbed his dick all 

over my face. I was ecstatic. In fact, I didn't realize until later that I shot 

my own load off when he came on my face. Then he had me clean him up with some 

tissues. 



Later on he took me to the bathroom. Had me lay on the bathtub floor and pissed 

all over my face and body. "You're my bitch, now.comprende?"



"Si."



Anyway that will give you an idea of how being alone with Helen changed my life. 

That happened about ten years ago. Ricardo is my common law husband. He fucks 

other women but I'm the one he comes home to. I love it. 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Brian Houlihan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





