BDSM Library - Angel - The Honeymoon and Beyond




Angel - The Honeymoon and Beyond
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Femdom, Ball abuse, Scat, WS, Cuckolding






Angel - The Honeymoon and Beyond





This story follows on from Angel's Story, and tells, in Angel's own words, the 

story of the honeymoon and the start of her married life with Adam. My grateful 

thanks go once again to my Italian friend for his input of ideas.





The morning of the start of the honeymoon had arrived. About an hour before we 

were due to leave, Rosemary and Candy called round, on the pretext of making 

sure we got away on time. What they actually made sure of, was that my husband 

had his mother and sister's shit and piss swilling around in his stomach when we 

boarded the plane. They both took great pleasure out of degrading my sissyboy 

husband in this way, and to be honest I got a real kick out of watching them do 

it.



Anyway, we arrived at our Caribbean destination in the late afternoon, and went 

straight to our hotel. It had been a tiring journey, so I decided we would not 

go out on the first evening but have our evening meal in our room. At seven in 

the evening, I was sitting in the armchair wearing my flimsiest night-dress, 

while Adam was on his knees in front of me, naked except for his cage. He had 

just begun to lick and suck my tired feet when there was a knock on the door. I 

had left it open, so I just called out for them to come in. A beautiful young 

German maid of about 18 came in with a trolley. She was tall, blonde and blue 

eyed with a stunning figure. There was a look of amusement on her face as she 

saw Adam sucking on my toes.



"I am sorry madam," she began. "I have brought the food, but it is only for 

one."



"That's right," I smiled. "That is for me."



"But is your husband not eating?" she enquired.



"My husband will be eating my shit later on," I replied simply. "I assure you he 

will not go hungry." The girl's mouth fell open, and she tried unsuccessfully to 

stifle a giggle.



"You mean you do it in his mouth," she began. "And then he eats and swallows 

it?"



"That's right," I responded. "If you have never seen it done before, perhaps you 

would like to come back later and watch." Adam looked up at me horrified.



"Oh yes," she said excitedly. "I would love to watch a man being treated in that 

way by a woman. May I bring a couple of the other maids? I am sure they would 

love to see it too."



"Of course," I told her. "Come back about ten, and you can see everything." The 

girl, whose name was Inger, smiled, thanked me and promised they would be back.



When Inger returned, she had just two other girls with her. They were Japanese 

sisters, Akaido 19, and Akima 17. Like most Japanese, they were both short with 

trim little figures, but very attractive and sexy. All three told me they were 

keen to learn how to use a man as their toilet. I suggested we all go straight 

to the bathroom. Once inside, I ordered Adam to his knees.



"This is unfair and embarrassing," he said sulkily.



"The first thing you must ensure," I said turning to the girls. "Is to make sure 

that the man does not answer back." With that, I turned and slapped Adam across 

the face with all the force I could muster, causing him to lose balance and fall 

over.



The three girls laughed at the wimp holding the side of his head and moaning in 

pain, and the two Japanese girls even clapped their hands with pleasure. Adam 

returned to his place on his knees, and I turned back to the girls.



"Of course shitting in your husband's mouth is humiliating enough," I began. 

"But you can make it worse for him."



I lifted my night-dress, pushed my ass into Adam's face and spread my cheeks, 

revealing the rosebud of my asshole. I instructed my husband to kiss my asshole, 

and keep on until told to stop. The girls sniggered at the sight of this 

humiliating gesture. After a while I told him to stick his tongue in my hole, 

explaining to the others that this helps to encourage the urge to shit, and also 

give him a taste of what you are about to fill his mouth with.



When I was ready, I told Adam to hold his mouth wide open close to my asshole. I 

started to strain, and as I did so farted very loudly, directly into my 

husband's mouth causing him to cough and splutter and the girls to laugh out 

loud. Then Adam's feeding began in earnest.



"Look!" cried Akaido. "It is coming out, the soft brown filthy shit is sliding 

into his toilet mouth!" The girls were getting excited now.



I pinched off a fair sized turd, then turned to push it fully into Adam's mouth. 

His face was a picture of disgust, which was not lost on the giggling maids. I 

ordered him to start chewing, and he obeyed gagging all the while. As soon as 

that one was down, I fed him a second large log, and we all watched as he 

struggled to eat it. I then spoke to Adam.



"Now Adam, you must learn that whenever a lady has fed you her shit, you must 

ask her whether she wishes you to clean her ass with your tongue," I told him. 

"You see some ladies prefer to wipe their own asses and then make you eat the 

tissue."



"Do you wish me to clean you with my tongue?" Adam asked me, somewhat 

reluctantly.



"Of course I do sissyboy," I laughed. "I want you to lick my dirty ass until it 

is spotless!"



"Why do you call him sissyboy?" asked young Akima, as Adam started to lick me.



"I call him sissyboy or wimp," I explained. "It means he is not a real man."



"That is certainly true," added Inger. "No real man would allow a woman to shit 

in his mouth. Also he has the cock of a very small boy. Is that why you keep it 

in that cage?"



"Yes," I said. "Only one of us is going to have sex on this honeymoon. I shall 

start looking round the resort for real men tomorrow!"



"Oh you should meet Jason," Akaido informed me. "He is one of the Jamaican 

waiters here. He is 26, tall and muscular, and very good looking. He has been 

here for six years, and has given great pleasure to many white wives whose 

husbands are inadequate in bed. It is no secret here that he is a wonderful 

lover, and has a huge cock!"



"Thank you Akaido," I replied. "I will look out for him!"



"Yes you should," she agreed. "You are just the sort of woman he loves, and you 

would not be disappointed, I promise you!" The four of us girls laughed at the 

thought of this, while my husband, now finished cleaning my ass, looked 

disconsolate.



I asked the girls if any of them needed to use Adam, and I think they were all a 

little disappointed that they did not need to.



"Don't worry," I assured them. "We will be here for two weeks." We all smiled as 

I led them to the door. As they left, I mentioned to Inger that I would try to 

meet Jason the following afternoon and that I would leave Adam tied up by the 

toilet.



"He will be all yours to use," I assured them.



"Oh we will be here," Inger said emphatically.



"Yes," echoed Akaido. "We all very much want to shit in your husband's mouth!"



After they left, I told Adam to clean up and wash his mouth out thoroughly. When 

he returned, I was sitting naked on the bed. I told him to sit next to me.



"Now Adam," I began. "This is the first night of our honeymoon, and we are going 

to have sex." Adam's face lit up.



"No, it is not what you think," I continued. "It means that you will spend a lot 

of time worshipping my naked body with your mouth and your tongue. You will pay 

attention to my feet, my tits, my ass and my pussy, as well as kissing other 

parts of my body. You are going to have to learn very quickly how to give me 

good orgasms with your tongue, as you will not be using your cock."



With that, I lay back, and began instructing him how to please me. First, he had 

to lick all over my feet soles first, then suck my toes individually, being 

careful to get his tongue in between them to remove any dirt. Then I had him 

kissing my ample soft breasts, sucking on my nipples and playing with them with 

his hands. Then he had to pay attention to my asshole, smelling, kissing, 

licking and pushing his tongue in as far as it would go. By the time he was back 

on his knees ready to worship my soft pussy, his frustration was very evident in 

his eyes, and tears were beginning to form.



"Tell me," he asked, with a hint of a sob in his voice. "The way you treat me, 

do you even love me a little bit?"



"I love the services you provide for me," I replied. "And I treat you badly 

because with your sissy body and tiny cock, you were born to be humiliated and 

degraded by women. You are meant to eat shit, drink piss, be a spittoon and 

anything else women require from you."



"The truth is," he confided. "Is that I have never fucked anyone before."



He looked and sounded so pathetic, with the tears running down his cheeks, that 

I just laughed out loud at him.



"You poor boy," I mocked. "I can promise you now that you will NEVER, EVER fuck 

anybody. I can also promise you that I will be making you a cuckold regularly, 

very often in front of you, so that you can see what you will never have, and 

what your wife is giving to other men. Now get your tongue in my pussy." I 

laughed again, as I pulled his sobbing face between my thighs. For the next 

hour, he struggled to give me my orgasm, with me giving instructions. I 

punctuated these by pulling his head up and slapping his face viciously when he 

got it wrong. By the time I came, his face resembled a lobster.



Next morning, we got up and began the ritual we would follow in our married 

life. After emptying my bladder into his mouth, I would make Adam slowly soap my 

whole body in the shower. Then, with him on his knees, I would clean my teeth, 

rinse and spit the mint flavoured water into his mouth. Then we would dress and 

get on with the day.



On this particular morning, it was warm and bright, and I decided we would find 

a quiet stretch of beach and get some sun. I wore just a minuscule pink bikini, 

and Adam just shorts. We found a nice spot, laid down our towels and I stretched 

out to do some sunbathing. After a while, I opened my eyes to see Adam staring 

at me.



"It is no good looking longingly at my body," I told him. "You know you are 

never going to have it, it is for real men, with man sized cocks only." I 

laughed at his downcast expression and sat up.



"I need a dump I'm afraid Adam," I said. You had better lie on the sand and open 

up for me."



"In the open air?" he asked incredulously. "Someone may come along."



"Oh don't be silly," I chided him. "By the end of the week everyone in the 

resort is going to know you are a shit eating wimp, just get used to it."



I had just pulled my bikini bottom down and squatted over my husbands mouth when 

I saw two middle aged women coming towards us, wearing one piece bathing suits. 

It was Agatha and Madge, two sisters in their fifties who I had met at the 

airport. I waved to them to come over, and they reached us just as my first turd 

dropped into Adam's mouth.



"My," exclaimed Agatha. "You do have your new husband just where you want him 

don't you? This takes us back eh Madge?" Her sister nodded her agreement.



The two women sat down and watched with interest, as I finished using my 

husband, laughing when they heard him ask me if I wanted him to lick my ass 

clean. When we were finished, and I replaced my bikini bottom I asked the women 

what they had meant by being taken back.



"Madge and I were both married to wimps like him," Agatha explained. We had 

years of fun treating them the way you just did, and humiliating them as much as 

possible."



"Can you remember any examples?" I asked.



"Yes," she replied. "I remember visiting my husband's office and meeting his new 

17 year old junior. He was gorgeous, and I made a play for him. It was not long 

before he was fucking me in front of my husband as we both taunted him. Then I 

had an idea, and arranged a family gathering with the women of my and my 

husband's family. During the evening, I made my sissy husband kneel naked in the 

middle of the room, sucking my lover off. You should have heard the comments 

from the women on both sides of the family! My husband's face was bright red. 

Then to make it even worse, he had to open his mouth and let his employee shit 

into it. How we all laughed! Madge took photos of everything, and the boy handed 

them round at work. My husband was a laughing stock all over town after that."



"I got one of my ideas from that," remembered Madge. "I had a long term lover at 

the time, and we were very close. We decided to have an informal ceremony at my 

home to confirm our commitment to each other. Female relatives from my family, 

as well as my husband's and lover's, were invited, and 24 in all turned up. 

After the ceremony, my naked husband was made to kneel and suck off my lover to 

show his acceptance that a better man had taken his wife from him. Then the two 

of us took him upstairs. After we had both shit and pissed in his mouth, and he 

had cleaned us up, we sent him back down to the other women. You cannot imagine 

the amount of filth he was made to swallow that night!" The three of us laughed 

happily at their nostalgic stories.



"Do you punish him?" Madge asked me.



"Sometimes," I said. "If you have some ideas, please demonstrate on my husband."



They both stood up, and ordered Adam to kneel with his hands behind his back.



"I remember when we had Agatha's husband in this position," Madge began. "He had 

upset her and we had decided to punish him together. He looked very frightened, 

rather like your husband does now." We all laughed.



"Show me what you did," I said excitedly.



Madge stepped forward, and slapped Adam hard on the left side of his face. 

Agatha followed up by slapping the other side with her left hand. They repeated 

this three times. Madge explained that they did it much harder than that and for 

much longer.



"Oh please show me exactly how you did it," I pleaded.



"It will really hurt," warned Madge.



"That's great," I replied. "I love to see women hurt him. Please Madge, Agatha, 

really hurt him for me." They looked at each other and grinned.



Then they really went to town on my husband. His head rocked backward and 

forward as they slapped him with all the force they could muster, over and over 

again. In the end, Adam was sobbing loudly and pleading with them to stop. 

Finally they relented, and I cheered and clapped their efforts. Adam sobbed for 

several minutes, holding his beetroot red face. We chatted further, and I asked 

if they had any other punishments they used.



"Actually," said Agatha. "Madge and I differ on how to treat the balls. Can we 

show you?"



"Oh yes please," I replied enthusiastically.



Agatha made Adam stand in front of her, legs apart and hands on head.



"I always preferred the knee," she explained. "Watch."



She placed her hands on Adam's shoulders, and kicked his legs further apart. 

Then when she was settled, she brought her knee up savagely between my husband's 

legs. He screamed, and dropped to the floor clutching his groin. We couldn't 

help laughing as we watched him writhing around and groaning. I told Agatha that 

I thought that was really effective.



"It is," agreed Madge. "But I always felt you could get more power with the 

foot. Get up boy, and spread your legs wide."



"Please no," begged Adam. "I am in agony."



"Don't be such a baby," I scolded him. "Open your legs wide for the lady."



He did as he was told, and Madge kicked off her sandals, revealing rather large, 

but unblemished feet with red painted toenails. Taking one step back, she had a 

short run up before swinging her big powerful leg and slamming her foot into 

Adam's already bruised nuts. This time he really screamed, and virtually passed 

out as he hit the floor.



"I think the feet have it!" I laughed, and the two ladies joined in.



"It has been a wonderful fun for us," said Madge shortly after. "But we will 

have to go. I have had a bit of a funny tummy for a couple of days, and I need 

to find a toilet soon."



"Oh please Madge," I insisted. "You don't need to go all the way back, use my 

sissy's mouth."



"Are you sure," she replied. "It won't be pretty."



"I insist," I replied.



Madge slipped off her one-piece suit, and positioned her large ass above Adam's 

mouth. She farted in his face a couple of times, and then spoke to him.



"Keep still and open wide sissyboy," she shouted. "Have I got a filthy mess to 

drop into your toilet mouth!"



She was not wrong. When she started, a couple of small lumps dropped out, and 

then a stream of dark brown liquid shit forced its way into my husband's mouth 

and down his throat. Agatha and I groaned at the disgusting sight of it, before 

laughing at Adam's screwed up face.



"Would you like me to lick your ass clean?" Adam asked obediently.



"Of course I do sissyboy," she responded. "I want every trace of that foul stuff 

licked out of my asshole, after all you are not much good for anything else are 

you?"



After Madge had dressed, we all made our way back to the hotel together.



A little later, we went into the restaurant for lunch. A very nice young 

Jamaican girl was serving at our table. I looked around the room to see if I 

could see Jason, who had been highly recommended. After a couple of minutes, I 

spotted a tall, good-looking black man who seemed to fit the description. I 

called Chantelle, the waitress over, and asked if that was him.



"That's right," she said. "Why do you fancy him?"



I told her that I did, and mentioned what I had heard about him.



"It's all true," she replied. "He had me the first week I arrived. He is 

fabulous in bed, and believe me he is HUGE!" We both laughed at this.



"He likes women with your colouring," she went on. "You would have no trouble 

getting him into bed. It would certainly be a lot better than the wimp you have 

with you!" We laughed again, as Adam's face went red.



"Talking of wimps," I continued. "What you recommend as an aperitif for mine?"



"How about a large glass of my piss?" she suggested.



"Can you manage?" I asked.



"No problem," she replied, and went away.



A couple of minutes later, she returned with a very large glass of slightly 

steaming yellow liquid. I told her it was impressive, and she admitted her 

friend Anne had helped out. Before putting the glass down, she sniffed deeply, 

sending snot into the back of her throat. Then mixing it with her saliva, she 

spat a huge greenish gob into the glass.



"Down in one," she snarled at Adam. "Or I will slap you senseless."



Adam could see she was a strong looking girl, and decided to obey. He poured the 

vile liquid down his throat, and the retched violently as it hit his stomach.



"He doesn't like piss does he?" Chantelle asked.



"He hates it," I replied. "That's why I get so much fun out of making him drink 

it."



Chantelle then took our order, and before leaving wrenched Adam's head back and 

spat full in his face. She was my kind of girl. Before leaving the table, I 

noticed



Jason was on his own. I quickly went over to him, and began to chat. I could see 

immediately that he liked what he saw, and I arranged to meet him a little later 

to talk some more.



After lunch, we went back to our room, and I told Adam to strip. I then took him 

to the bathroom and tied him up near the toilet. It meant he could not leave the 

bathroom, but could stand up and walk a few feet if necessary.



"What's all this for?" Adam enquired.



"You will see," I grinned, then I spat in his sissy face and left.



As it turned out, Jason couldn't see me for too long, but we did talk and made a 

date to meet in the bar later that night. As I returned to the room, I saw Inger 

and the two Japanese girls using a passkey to get in. They were obviously going 

to use my husband, so I crept in quietly, and got ready to watch through the 

half-open bathroom door.



"What do you want?" asked Adam, when confronted by the three teenagers.



"A bit of respect for your betters for a start," said Akaido firmly. "Kneel up!"



"I'm sorry," said Adam getting to his knees, looking a little scared.



"You will be fucking sorry asshole," she spat, and slapped him half a dozen 

times across each cheek. "Your wife has told us we can use her toilet, that is 

you. I can tell you we all need to go badly, so there is a lot of shit for you 

to eat over the next few minutes."



The three girls all slipped off the panties with a wicked grin on their faces. 

Akaido decided to go first, and pushed her pert bottom into Adam's face.



"Kiss my ass toilet boy," she ordered, and Adam planted several kisses on both 

cheeks. "Now spread the cheeks and kiss my asshole," she commanded. Adam 

complied with several more kisses.



Having had enough of the humiliation, she told him to open up, and sent a large 

log of soft looking shit into his mouth.



"Eat it boy," shouted the girl's sister. "Eat my sister's shit, and then Inger 

and I will give you another big load.



Akaido gave Adam an impressive three large logs, watched him swallow every 

morsel, and then stood up. Remembering his duty, Adam asked if he should lick 

her clean.



"No," she replied. "I want you to get up and wipe my ass for me." I couldn't 

decide which would be more humiliating, licking her clean or being made to wipe 

her ass with paper.



Anyway, Adam carefully wiped Akaido's ass with a tissue, and then ate it under 

her instructions. Then her sister took her place, and if anything fed Adam even 

more shit. He was really looking nauseous now, and he still had to swallow the 

contents of Inger's bowel. As she went to take her place, Adam spoke.



"Please ma'am," he pleaded. "I have taken so much, I feel really sick. Can you 

please wait until later?"



"No I can't," replied Inger indignantly. "I have a huge load of shit inside me, 

which I have saved especially for your mouth. You are going to eat it all, and 

if you don't keep it down I am going to hurt you. Understand?" Adam nodded 

miserably. Inger did indeed have a big load for my husband, and I could see that 

there was no way he could keep it down. Sure enough, as soon as he swallowed the 

last piece, he raced to the bowl and threw up the lot.



"Oh dear," mocked Inger, with a cruel smirk on her face. "Now I am going to have 

to hurt you. Lay him on the floor girls, and pull his legs wide apart."



The sisters took a leg each and pulled very wide, making his crotch vulnerable 

to attack with nothing he could do about it. Inger smiled down at him, swung her 

leg and smashed her sandal-covered foot into his groin. I heard the now familiar 

scream from Adam, who at the moment could not hold his balls. Inger asked the 

girls if that was enough.



"No," insisted Akaido. "One for each of us, and one for luck. Give him three 

more Inger, make them even harder. See if you can crush his puny balls!"



Three more times, the smiling German girl kicked my husband's testicles, each 

kick a little harder. By the end, Adam was in a terrible state, sobbing, 

pleading, writhing and screaming. The girls put on their panties, then pulled 

Adam to his knees.



"We will be back," snarled Inger, pulling his head back. The three of them then 

spat in his face, and left laughing amongst themselves. I decided to leave Adam 

on his own for a while to recover.



When we were getting ready for dinner, I told Adam all about my meeting with my 

potential new lover Jason.



"I met Jason this afternoon," I began casually. " He didn't have much time, as 

he had to go into town. So do you know what I did? I took him somewhere quiet, 

and then I got on my knees and took out his big black cock. I put it in my mouth 

and sucked it, and carried on sucking until he came. Did you hear that Adam? 

Jason emptied his balls into your wife's mouth! And do you know what is even 

better? We are going to meet him in the bar tonight, and then we are going to 

come back here, and he is going to fuck me in front of you. Isn't that great? 

You will be able to get a close up view of his cock really stretching my pussy. 

I can't wait!"



"Please don't do this," Adam pleaded, tears welling up. "You know I can't bear 

to see you with another man, especially when I can't have you."



"You have no choice," I replied coldly. "And if the tears are starting to flow 

now, you will really be sobbing when you see him ramming into me later!"



Eleven o'clock came, and Jason came over to meet us at the bar. I put my arms 

around him, and we engaged in a very long French kiss in front of my husband. I 

did not bother to introduce Adam, and Jason ignored him.



"Are you sure you want me to fuck you in front of him?" he asked.



"As you can see," I replied. "My husband is a wimp and a sissy. As he is such a 

useless fuck with his tiny dick, he gets his kicks watching me being fucked by 

hugely endowed men. Trust me, he will love it." This of course was totally 

untrue, but what the hell, it was going to be fun.



I took Adam back to the hotel, asking to join us a little later. I secured Adam 

naked to an armchair close to the bed, and removed his cock cage. I then put on 

my sexiest night-dress and waited for Jason. He came in a few minutes later, and 

immediately saw my naked husband.



"Oh my god," he laughed. "Is that supposed to be a cock? No wonder you wanted me 

here."



"Exactly," I replied, as I quickly undressed him.



Jason pulled off my night-dress, and we began to kiss and fondle each other 

passionately. Adam hung his head miserably.



"Look at me Adam," I ordered. "I want you to see your wife enjoying herself with 

another man." I took Jason's rapidly stiffening cock in my hand.



"Look what I have got Adam," I said as I stroked the monster in my small hand. 

"It's going in my mouth, and in my pussy tonight, and you are going to see it 

all!"



I knelt in front of Jason with his cock in my hand, and began to kiss the head. 

After a while, with my husband just a couple of feet away, I slid it in my mouth 

and began to suck.



"Oh you are a lucky man," exclaimed Jason. "Your wife's mouth feels so good 

around my cock!"



"Not so lucky," I corrected, breaking off for a second. "He has never felt my 

mouth on his cock and never will. Neither will he ever have his cock in my pussy 

like you will later. You see that little thing that is now erect and throbbing 

at the sight of his wife being unfaithful? That is normally kept locked up, I 

only released it tonight because I like to see it as it is now stiff and 

unsatisfied."



"He really doesn't enjoy watching you being fucked does he?" asked Jason.



"No," I replied. "He can't bear it. Very soon he is going to be sobbing like a 

baby, while you and I enjoy great sex."



"Let's get to it then!" he yelled. And I resumed my sucking.



After a while, Jason lifted me up, and lay me on the bed. I spread my legs wide, 

ready to accommodate his huge member. Jason knelt on the bed, put his cock to my 

entrance and slid in slowly until he was fully embedded. I moaned loudly with 

the pleasure of it. I looked into Adam's eyes, and spoke to Jason.



"Tell him how my pussy feels round your cock darling," I asked him. "He is never 

going to know for himself, describe it."



"Oh, it is beautiful," Jason enthused. "Tight, warm and wet. Man there is no 

better feeling a man can have."



"You hear that Adam," I taunted. "He loves my pussy, he is going to fuck it on 

your behalf, not just tonight but every night we are here, and you are going to 

be made to watch it all!"



Jason began to fuck me now gradually getting faster, making me gasp and moan a 

little louder. We heard a small sob coming from my husband.



"We have got him crying," laughed my lover.



"Yes, great isn't it?" I gasped. "Fuck me harder Jason, make me come, let's 

really have him sobbing!"



Jason obliged, and indeed Adam did start sobbing uncontrollably. By the time I 

screamed out my orgasm, he was a total wreck. The two of us laughed at the 

pathetic little wimp as we recovered.



Later, Jason got up to leave. He asked me if he could use the toilet, as he 

needed a dump. I said sure, but asked him not to flush, as we had a problem with 

the plumbing.



"Are you sure?" he asked. "Just leave it there?"



"Yes," I replied. "Don't worry, Adam will get rid of it." Adam was already ahead 

of me.



I kissed Jason goodnight, then released my sobbing husband. I pushed him 

straight to his knees, so he could clean Jason's cum out of my pussy. When I was 

satisfied, I led him to the bathroom. We looked in the toilet bowl.



"Oh look Adam," I said. "He has left three huge turds, a nice supper for you."



"You can't mean it," he whined. "You want me to eat the shit of a man who has 

just fucked you in front of me? Have you no thought for my feelings?"



"Now listen Adam," I responded. "If I didn't care about your feelings, I would 

have let him shit straight into your mouth wouldn't I? Now stop sulking, and put 

your hand in there and pull out the first turd. I want to see my lover's shit in 

your mouth."



I watched with amusement as he ate the whole load, then rewarded him with a 

large drink of my piss. We then went to bed, and I at least had a very peaceful 

night.



The holiday followed a similar pattern after that. Jason fucked me every night 

in front of a sobbing Adam, while the two of us taunted him unmercifully. After 

the first night, I made Adam clean us both up with his mouth, and on the last 

night before Jason left, I made Adam suck him off before receiving his huge load 

of shit directly in his mouth. That was a wonderful humiliation for him.



Also, Madge, Agatha, Inger and the two Japanese girls, as well as Chantelle our 

waitress were allowed to piss and shit in Adam's mouth many times. Inger also 

gleefully did some more damage to his balls.



Before we knew it, we were back home to start married life properly. My mom had 

bought the restaurant I worked part time in as a surprise wedding present for 

me. This meant that Adam did not have to work, and could stay at home as my 

sissy houseboy and toilet.



Not surprisingly, we had regular visits from family members. Both our moms had 

great delight in coming over and defecating in urinating in my poor husband's 

heavily abused mouth. Fiona, Adam's gorgeous cockteasing cousin would come over 

regularly with a couple of her teenage girlfriends. She got really turned on by 

making Adam sob tears of frustration with her sexy body, and her friends loved 

watching her do it. Also the three of them rarely went away without treating 

Adam to their shit.



The most regular visitor was Adam's sister Candy. We had always been friends, 

but as time went on, I got the feeling I would really enjoy a sexual 

relationship with her. I broached the subject with her, and she was keen to try 

it. She said she would like to do it in front of Adam, to show him his sister 

could have sex with his wife although he was not permitted to.



We set it up one night. We put Adam naked on his knees, his hands tied behind 

his back close to the bed. Standing in front of her brother, Candy stripped off 

her clothes. Such was the extent of Adam's frustration that his cock began to 

erect at the sight of her naked body, even though it was his sister. Candy was 

outraged.



"You fucking pervert!" she screamed. "Getting a hard on at the sight of your 

sister's body, I'll show you!"



With that, she slapped him viciously across the face. I said I agreed with her, 

and brought the back of my hand across the other cheek. I was immediately 

reminded of Madge and Agatha on holiday.



"Hit him harder Candy!" I urged, and she responded with a savage slap. I matched 

her, and she tried hitting even harder. It soon became a competition as to who 

could hit him the hardest. We were really laying in to him, and when we 

eventually stopped, it was long after he had started crying and pleading with us 

to stop. We laughed uproariously at the sight of his scarlet face.



Then we carried on undressing. As I got naked, Adam's cock really started to 

throb, much to Candy and my delight. We put our arms around each other, and 

began to kiss and fondle. We did this for a while, to the sound of Adam's moans 

of frustration. Then we got on the bed and really started kissing passionately 

and playing with each other's breasts and pussies. Finally, we got into the 69 

position and licked each other to a beautiful climax. Then we cuddled for a 

while, sniggering at Adam's still throbbing cock.



A little later, we sat on the side of the bed, and I lit us both a cigarette. 

Candy remarked that we did not have an ashtray.



"No problem," I said. "Mouth open Adam!"



We sat there, puffing away and dropping all our ash into Adam's mouth. When we 

finished, I told Adam to poke out his tongue, and we cruelly stubbed the 

cigarettes out on it, making him eat the butts.



"Don't worry Adam," Candy soothed. "We are going to take the taste away shortly 

by giving you lots of our shit and piss!"



"We will have to sort out his little erection first," I remarked.



Before Adam and I knew what was happening, Candy thrust her hand between his 

legs and squeezed his balls violently. She laughed at his screams, and just 

squeezed harder. After what seemed like an age, she let go. Adam's cock was now 

well and truly limp.



"Well done," I told her as I slipped Adam's cage back on.



"Thank you," she said. "Now let's go and feed him piles of shit. You know, I 

have had so much fun since you two got married."



"Me too," I grinned. "And there is so much more fun to come!"





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WimpHub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





