BDSM Library - Angel's First submission




Angel's First submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex, Light BDSM






Angel's First submission





She arrives at her Master's home at the appointed time. She is dressed exactly 

as she was instructed to dress, short black leather skirt, white braselette, 

white garter, black silk stockings, black heels, nothing else. She pauses at the 

door to catch her breath and collect her thoughts. She is nervous. They have 

spoken for months now on the computer and on the phone yet this is to be their 

first r/t meeting. He told her she would be tested today. Her heart pounds at 

the thought and she can feel the familiar warmth growing between her legs. With 

shaking hands she knocks on the door.



The door opens and she hears his voice, "Come in My Angel. What a good girl to 

be so prompt." She begins to speak, to tell him how she is feeling; how happy 

she is to finally meet him, but he puts a finger on her lips, "No Angel, no 

words, in fact no sounds. No matter what I say, no matter what I do, you are to 

remain perfectly still and perfectly silent. Do you Understand?" She silently 

nods her head. He takes her by the hand and guides her to a large room. The room 

is dark except for a small area illuminated by candles.



He leads her into the center of the circle. There he turns to face her and 

raises her hands above her head. She knows by the look in his eyes that she is 

to leave them right there. He begins running his hands down her arms, then her 

sides. He reaches behind her and undoes the braselette. It begins to fall and he 

follows its dissent with his fingers, tracing a path down her breasts. As his 

fingers brush across her nipples waves of pleasure dart through her body, she 

remains silent. He pauses for a moment to hold her breasts in his hands, he has 

envisioned this moment for a long time. Fantasy has become reality.



With a sharp intake of breath he lowers his mouth to one nipple, swirling his 

tongue across it, savoring the feel of it in his mouth. With his fingers he 

lightly pinches her other nipple. Her mind screams yet, miraculously, she 

remains silent. She is determined not to fail him. With one last nibble, he 

leaves her breasts and begins tracing a path with his tongue down her flat 

abdomen swirling it in her belly button, toying with the small loop ring there. 

Slowly he travels lower, sliding his hands down her sides as he does. He brings 

his fingers behind to grasp her firm ass, and begins to knead it. Now kneeling 

before her he lays his tongue on her pussy lips, stroking it across the outer 

lips, catching the droplets of moisture there, reveling in the scent and taste 

of her.



Beads of sweat begin to form on her forehead, she begins to shake. The intensity 

of the desire she is feeling at this moment, for this man, is heretofore 

unparalleled. She begins to wonder if she may fail him. The desire to touch him, 

to yell out his name is intense; yet, with determination, she remains silent. He 

has a determination of his own, he brings the fingers of one hand forward and 

reaches into her pussy, relishing the warmth, smoothness and moistness of her. 

He inserts 2 fingers in her cunt and trails a path back up to her asshole, 

bringing her nectar with them. Slowly he inserts first one then two fingers into 

her tight hole. Once again her mind screams, this is more than can be humanly 

expected. Her breathing comes in gasps. Her entire body is on fire. She wants-no 

needs-to scream! She remains silent. His fingers still filling her, he parts her 

pussy lips with his tongue, again dipping into her cunt, his own mind racing. He 

is impressed with her strength and determination, but he hopes she can't stand 

much more. He knows he can't. He slides his tongue forward finding her clit, 

swollen and pulsing, and begins to lightly flick it. Unbidden a low, soft moan 

escapes her lips.



Immediately, he stops what he is doing, stands up and grasps her wrists. With an 

inward smile, he sternly looks into her eyes, "Oh Angel! I ask one small thing 

of you. You can be so good but when I least expect it, you fuck up! You know 

this means you will have to be punished?"



With tears in her eyes she softly replies, "Yes Master I know."



His hands still grasping her wrists he leads her from the candlelit area into 

the darkness. Her heart begins to race, this time from trepidation. They have 

only spoken of punishment before, this will be her first time to experience it, 

she is anxious. He leaves her then, standing there in the darkness. She can hear 

him rustling around on the other side of the room, then nothing. She stands 

alone, the darkness engulfing her, the silence filling her ears. Intently she 

listens for the slightest sound, all she can hear is the sound of her heart 

pounding. Suddenly the area is illuminated by a light over her head.



She hears his voice demand, "Remove your skirt Angel."



She quickly does as she is instructed. Beyond the circle of light he stands in 

the darkness spellbound by the vision before him. His rigid cock pulses with 

anticipation.



"Put your hands in the air Angel." This movement brings her breasts up firm and 

round. He knows he must have her soon. Slowly he walks over to her, as he enters 

the circle of light her breath catches in her throat. He stands naked before 

her. As she looks upon him she can feel her juices begin to run down her legs, 

even the impending punishment suddenly takes on a sexual life of its own; as 

long as this man is administering it. Her Master, the man she has trusted and 

loved for a long time now. He comes close to her and places handcuffs on her 

wrists, then turns her around to face away from him.



Before her is a pole, he attaches her hands to this pole. He then lowers a rope 

over her head.



"Open your mouth Angel."



He puts the loop of the rope in her mouth and strings the end over her shoulder 

through her legs and attaches it to her handcuffs. Thus tied every movement she 

makes causes the rope to rub on her clit sending waves of pleasure through her. 

He then reaches from behind her and places clamps on her nipples. As he does she 

sucks her breath in through her teeth, she is surprised by the pain, but she is 

even more surprised by its affect on her. She has NEVER been more turned on in 

her life. Her Master then loops a chain from one clamp through the rope to the 

other clamp, causing her movements to pull on her nipples increasing the 

pleasure pain. He reaches down and grabs one ankle and attaches it to a bar on 

the floor, then takes the other and attaches it to the other end of the bar 

forcing her to lean forward, feet apart, ass in the air.. The movement also puts 

more tension on the rope and her nipples. The pain/pleasure is intense.



He comes to stand beside her and she can feel his hard cock press into her side. 

With one hand he grabs a handful of her hair, the other he raises above her and 

brings it down with a loud "thwak" on her round ass. She screams out in 

surprise, then softly moans as the rope, the clamps and his presence do their 

work. Again he brings his hand down on her ass, and again, and again, and again. 

He sees that her ass is becoming a rather alluring shade of red as he reaches 

his hand between her legs and inserts his fingers into her pussy. She is so hot 

and wet, her juices running down her legs, her pussy pulsing around his fingers, 

"So, my little Angel is enjoying her punishment. DO NOT cum Angel, not until I 

say, understand?"



Through gritted teeth, "I understand Master, I will not cum."



Slowly he moves his fingers within her finding that sensitive spot, gently 

rubbing his fingers across it. She tries to push against him, the movement puts 

tension on the rope, Oh exquisite pain/pleasure. She feels the tension growing 

within her.



She needs to cum. "Please Master may I cum?"



"No, my Angel, not yet."



With a low growl she replies "Yes Master." This time she will NOT fail him! With 

steely determination she holds back. He is so impressed with his new slave more 

than impressed. She is all he has ever wanted or needed. He MUST take her NOW! 

Reluctantly he removes his fingers, moves behind her and positions his cock at 

her pussy, "Do you want this Angel?"



"Oh yes Master."



"What do you want Angel? Tell me. Beg your Master."



"Master, please, please fuck me...fill me with your hard cock."



Slowly, deliberately he enters her and begins to move within her. Finally he is 

where he belongs, surrounded by that which belongs to him. His movements take on 

a life of their own soon his balls tense and he knows he will cum soon, "Angel?"



Her mind racing, "Yes Master?"



"Cum for me."



With an intensity born from waiting, from holding back for him, she cums, 

throwing back her head and, screaming through her orgasm, "For you, Master, For 

you!"



Feeling her tighten around him, he follows her, filling her with his warm cum, 

"Yes my Angel, for me. Now you are truly mine."





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angelique La Serge


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





