BDSM Library - An Evening with the Girls




An Evening with the Girls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Femdom, Masturbation






An Evening with the Girls





Recently I had a hot fantasy that I just had to put on my tape.

It has to do with my fantasy of being embarrassed and dominated in front of 

other women by my Mistress Theresa.



It was on a Thursday evening. I got home from work about six

P.M. As I usually do, I made my tea and went upstairs and got undressed. I 

grabbed my robe and headed downstairs naked. I went into the bathroom to shave 

and take my shower. As I was preparing to shave, Mistress came in and said "I 

hope you have something to put on when you are through, because Lois and Sue are 

coming over to workout, and they will probably be here when you come out."



I told Mistress I had my robe. Then with a devilish twinkle in her eyes she 

mused, "Maybe I should take away your robe and make you come out naked. Would 

you like that slave?" I looked at her tentatively

and replied, "If it would please you Mistress."



"Oh it would please me greatly slave!" she said. Then she asked, "Would you 

really do that for me if I ordered you to?"



"I, um, ah, would I have to stay naked or would I just have to run through on my 

way upstairs, Mistress?"



Mistress laughed and said, "Oh no slave, if I order you to do this, you spend 

the whole evening totally naked. And on top of that you will obey any order that 

I give you, no matter what it is, instantly or believe me, your ass will pay 

dearly! And in front of the ladies. So slave, should I order you?"



I stood there amazed at what I was hearing. Finally, looking sheepishly at her I 

said, "Yes Mistress."



Mistress laughed again and said, "Excellent! Now get down on your knees and kiss 

my feet." I immediately dropped to my knees and started to kiss her feet. As I 

was doing this, she said, "As your Mistress, I am ordering you to be totally 

naked when you come out of the shower. You are to come to whatever room we are 

in, the kitchen, workout room, whatever, and come before me, get down on your 

knees, kiss my feet, and say, ' How may I serve you Mistress?' I will make all 

of your decisions from then on. Do you understand slave?"



"Yes Mistress," I answered.



"Good!" she smiled. "Now get up and take care of your business, and make sure 

you shave your cock and balls nice and silky smooth." I got up and started to 

prepare my shaving stuff as Mistress took my robe and started to leave. Before 

she closed the door she said, "I knew you would agree slave, because I've 

watched your private video. You know, the one with all your fantasies about 

Lois. I figured you would agree to anything to be naked in front of her. Isn't 

that right slave?" I couldn't look her in the eyes, as I sort of stammered and 

stuttered, "I, uh, ah, um..."



Mistress said, "Don't lie slave!"



I finally said, "Yes Mistress."



Mistress smirked, "Oh! I'll bet the girls would find that video amusing, don't 

you think slave? I'm sure they would laugh when they found out you secretly want 

to suck cock and eat sperm. Speaking of which, I'll bet they get a kick out of 

watching your cum shots."



I looked at her in shock and fell to my knees and begged,



"Please Mistress, please, I beg you not to show them that tape. Oh please, not 

that, please!"



Mistress just smiled with an enigmatic look in her eyes and said," I haven't 

decided what I'll do yet, but you know slave that I'll do whatever amuses me. 

Now, get up and get going with your shower, and think about the embarrassment 

and humiliation you're going to enjoy tonight." And with that she closed the 

door and left me alone with my thoughts.



I started shaving my cock and balls only to find my hands shaking and my heart 

pounding as I thought of my ordeal to come. The thought of this really happening 

kept bringing to mind Mistresses warning of 'Be careful what you wish for, you 

might get it.'



As I shaved, a recurring scene kept flashing through my head; Me, setting naked 

in my chair, when she's not home. I'm watching stories or reading stories where 

men are humiliated in front of groups of women. I play with my penis as I read 

of naked men in front of fully clothed women who laugh and taunt them and force 

them to do any number of humiliating things for their amusement. As I sit there 

with a throbbing hard-on, I wish, please, oh please, let it be me in front of 

these women! I get so excited thinking of the delightful embarrassments I would 

experience, my cock starts to drip with pre-cum. I take it on my finger and lick 

it off, imagining I'm forced to eat my own cum in front of all these laughing 

women. I never bring my self to full orgasm because Mistress isn't there to give 

me permission. But I stroke myself right to the edge thinking about these 

things. As I sit there naked and playing with my hard cock, I sometimes glance 

out the bay window and pray, ' Please, oh please, let Lois drive in and catch me 

like this; naked and playing with my self.' Dear Goddess, that is so exciting!



These are the thoughts going though my mind as I shave, knowing that now it's 

really going to come true. Just before I step in to the shower, Mistress comes 

in and says, "Slave, to show you I'm not without mercy, I've brought you 

something to wear." And she set my slave collar on the sink. "And make sure the 

lock is on!"



As I step into the shower, I hear someone come in. I hear Mistress talking and 

laughing. I don't know whether it is Lois or Sue, but hearing someone actually 

here brings home the fact that my fate is sealed. There is no turning back.



When I finish my shower and turn off the water, I can hear that all three women 

are in the kitchen. As I finish up with my hand cream and deodorant, I hear them 

move into the workout room. Then I use the hair dryer to dry my hair. As I'm 

doing this I wonder if Mistress has told them what she has in store for me, or 

if my walking in naked will be a complete surprise. I finally finish everything 

and put on my collar. I put on the little pad lock and lock it. I open the 

bathroom door and walk into the kitchen. My pulse is racing a mile a minute. I 

realize I'm quivering. I feel myself blushing. I must be beet red. I peek around 

the fridge.



Mistress is sitting on the workout machine, Sue is sitting in the chair, and 

Lois is sitting on the stairs. I take a deep breath, and walk in. All 

conversation stops dead. I try to look only at my Mistress, but I can't help but 

glance at Sue and Lois. I feel their eyes on my hairless cock and balls, and my 

red painted toes. In my fleeting glance, I see mingled shock and amusement in 

their eyes, and perhaps fascination. I walk over and kneel at the feet of my 

Mistress. I bow down and kiss her feet.



I look up and say, "How may I serve you Mistress?"



Mistress laughs and says, "Do you girls mind being served by my pathetic slave?"



Sue says, "Oh I don't mind at all!"



Lois laughs and says, "Sounds wonderful to me."



Then Mistress says, "Good! slave, the first thing you can do is get glasses of 

wine for all of us."



"Yes Mistress," I answer. I get up feeling myself blushing even more, and go 

back into the kitchen to fetch their drinks. I bring in one glass at a time, 

kneeling at the feet of the one I serve. When I had served them their drinks, 

Mistress asked, "Do you have tea made slave?" I replied,



"Yes Mistress." Mistress said, "You may bring it in here. Kneel in the doorway 

so you're available should we need you to fetch. Also we'll have something to 

look at while we work out."



So I knelt there, naked, in front of the three women, burning with embarrassment 

and sipped my tea. Every time I glanced up it was to see one of them or all of 

them staring at me and smiling. As they exercised, Mistress started telling them 

about our lifestyle and the value of a good slave boy. After awhile, Lois and 

Sue started to loosen up. They began to laugh and make fun of my predicament. 

Every so often, one or another would order me to fetch more wine. And as they 

had more to drink, their mocking became more lewd and sexual.



Finally they finished their workouts, and went into the living room to do their 

cool-down exercises. I was made to crawl after them. Much to my dread, Mistress 

asked them if they would like to watch a home video, starring me, X-rated of 

course, while they exercised. They all laughed and there was a chorus of yes's. 

Mistress already had the tape in, and she made me put it on play. As they did 

their exercises, they all watched intently as I read stories and told of my 

fantasies and my most secret desires. All done totally naked and in living 

color!



They watched as my desire to be Lois's slave was revealed. And they laughed 

about my wanting to suck cock and eat cum. And when my cum shots came on, they 

all hooted and hollered as I shot my load. And then when I licked up my cum, 

they all cheered. That's when Mistress told them she called me 'sissy girl' 

because only sissy's eat cum.



During all this, I had been kneeling in the center of the room, my only movement 

being to fetch more wine when one of the ladies said, "Slave, my glass is 

getting low."



I would say, "Yes Ma'am." and hurry to refill their glass. As I knelt there 

totally mortified at what they were watchin.



Mistress noticed me squirming a bit. "What is it slave?" she asked. I murmured, 

"I have to use the bathroom Mistress, please." Mistress smiled wickedly and put 

the tape on pause and said, "What's that slave? You have to wee wee?" At this 

they all laughed at me. I nodded my head yes but Mistress snapped," Say it 

slave!" Glancing shamefacedly at Lois and Sue I said, "Please Mistress may I go 

wee wee?"



They all really laughed at this and started suggesting how I should be allowed 

to pee. From the stories on the tape they already knew that I drank Mistress's 

piss, and I had filmed myself pissing on my belly, so they weren't surprised 

when Mistress finally decided that I would use my tea cup to piss in, right 

there in front of them! Then Mistress said if it all wouldn't fit in the mug, 

then I would have to drink some it to make room. And also if I dared spill one 

drop on her carpet, I would have to drink the whole thing. The ladies thought 

this a wonderful idea.



So Mistress handed me the mug and said, "Be a good girl, and go wee wee for us. 

NOW!" Well, Lois and Sue cracked up at this, and their mocking and lewd comments 

were coming one after another. Mistress of course joined in, telling them how I 

shudder after I pee. They laughed some more and started to bet on how many 

shudders there would be. I knelt there imagining the spectacle I made, naked, 

holding my cock over the mug and trying to pee amid their laughter and taunting. 

But I had to go so bad, I was finally able to start. Of course this was greeted 

cheers and whistles. Fortunately, I finished just before the mug was full.



After four shudders; Lois won; Mistress made me clean the drops off my cock with 

my finger and then lick it off. Then Sue said the mug looked too full and 

suggested I drink some of it so I wouldn't spill any when I went to empty it. 

Having no option, I raised it to my lips and took a drink of my own urine! After 

I did this, Lois said it still looked too full. Smiling at me she ordered me to 

drink some more before I was allowed to go empty it.



Mistress told me I could make more tea, but I wasn't allowed to wash the mug, I 

had to use it the way it was. While I was making my tea, the ladies finished 

watching the tape. When it was over, Mistress decided the girls should see my 

cock nice and hard. So she ordered me to stand in the center of the room and 

play with myself for their amusement.



I had thought in fantasies that I would be erect the whole evening, but with 

their laughter and taunting I was soft as wet noodle. So I stood there and 

fondled myself while they giggled and made fun of me. No matter how hard I tried 

I couldn't get it up. And this of course made them laugh and mock me even more. 

Finally Mistress said she had an idea.



She made me get down on my knees and take off her socks. Then she told me to 

show the girls how much I worship and adore women's feet. Glancing sheepishly at 

Lois and Sue, feeling my face burn with embarrassment, I knelt at Mistress's 

feet and gently removed her socks. Then I bowed down and started to kiss and 

lick her beautiful feet. Within minutes I could feel my penis start to swell. It 

didn't take long before I had a throbbing erection. Mistress laughed and told 

the girls that my fetish for women's feet would over come any humiliation. When 

my penis was fully erect, Mistress ordered me to stand up and stroke it for 

them, and to make sure I kept it hard. As I stood there doing this.



Sue asked Mistress if she would order me to cum for them. Mistress thought this 

was a good idea. Mistress then told Lois that since she had guessed the number 

of shudders I had when I pissed, that she could decide when and where I would be 

allowed to cum. Lois laughed and said that like in one of my stories, I should 

cum on a little dish, so they could all watch me eat my sperm.



Mistress got up and went to the kitchen and left me standing there stroking my 

penis in front of Lois and Sue. After what seemed like an hour, but was only a 

few minutes, Mistress returned with a small saucer. She handed it to Lois and 

said it was up to her to give me permission. Lois smiled and looked at me. She 

asked me if I was ready to cum for them.



I said "Yes Ma'am." Lois grinned and said I would have to beg. So, feeling even 

more humiliated, I started to beg. "Please Miss Lois, please may I cum for you. 

Please allow me to cum for you and the ladies. Oh please I beg to cum for you!" 

Lois pretended to ponder for a few moments, then, finally she held out the dish 

and told me I could cum for them. But, she warned, you'd better get every drop 

on the dish or you'll be punished.



Glancing at Mistress and Sue, sitting on each side of her, I stepped in front of 

her and pointed my penis at the dish, and with a submissive whimper, began to 

shoot my hot sperm onto it. As I shuddered and finished squeezing the last drops 

of semen out, the girls all laughed and cheered and told me what a good girl I 

was for shooting such a large load for them. Then Lois ordered me to my knees 

and to begin licking up my cum. This was the hardest thing I had to do yet.



After ejaculating, I lost all the sexual feelings I had, and now the 

embarrassment and humiliation were double what they were before. But, of course, 

I'm a pathetic sissy slave. So I obediently dropped to my knees, stuck out my 

tongue, and began lapping up my hot sticky cum! When I had licked the dish 

spotless, Lois had me stand up. She looked at my cock and told me I missed some. 

I looked down at myself, and there was a pearly drop of cum still on my pee 

hole. Lois told me to squeeze the tip of my cock onto my finger and then lick it 

off. Of course I obeyed.



At this point, Mistress told Lois that if she thought I deserved a small reward, 

she could let me kiss her feet. Lois smiled at me and asked, "Do you think you 

deserve a reward slave?"



"Whatever pleases you Ma'am," I answered.



"Well," she said, "You ate all of your cum like a good girl, so go ahead, kiss 

my feet."



As I knelt down I said, "thank you Miss Lois." And I began to kiss her feet. 

Pretty soon the girls said they had to get going. Sue was the first to leave. 

Before she left, she told Mistress, "If we're served like this all the time, 

I'll really look forward to Thursday nights."



Mistress said, "That's up to you girls. If you enjoy it, he'll serve us every 

week. Won't you slave?"



"Yes mistress," I answered.



After she left, Lois asked Mistress if she could borrow the video tape. Mistress 

ordered me to go get the tape for Lois. When I brought it back, I heard Mistress 

telling Lois that she could keep the tape because I would make another one for 

their viewing pleasure. Lois smiled and said, "Cool, I can't wait! I think I'm 

beginning to like this female domination stuff."



"Great." Mistress said, "And we haven't even got into the really good parts yet. 

When ever you want to learn more, or practice, feel free to come over and we'll 

use my slave any way you want."



"Sounds good to me." Lois said. Then she smirked. "Is he going to greet me when 

I come over, naked, like in his stories?"



Mistress looked at me and raised an eyebrow, "Well slave?"



Blushing, I looked at Lois and said, "Yes Miss Lois. When ever you come over I 

will be waiting on my knees, naked."



Lois just looked at me and laughed as she said goodbye to my Mistress.



When she was gone, Mistress asked me, "So, how do you like your fantasies coming 

to life slave?"



"It's a lot different than reading or watching it. It's much more embarrassing 

than I thought it would be. I'm almost afraid to wish for any more," I replied.



Mistress laughed and said, "Oh, but you will slave. As soon as you're horny 

again you'll fantasize about this time and probably a lot of new ones." And as 

always Mistress was so right!





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





