BDSM Library - Amy's Orgasm




Amy's Orgasm
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: D/s






Amy's Orgasm





As per the instructions you left on my voice mail at work I kneel on the cold 

floor, palms down, legs spread wide. I am waiting for you. I hear the door open 

downstairs and immediately feel the wetness form in my cunt. I hear you moving 

around down there. God, please hurry! I hear your footsteps coming up the 

stairs. I am as you asked. Open to you, as I should be.



My eyes are closed, I am feeling a bit ashamed and am afraid you can see that. I 

know my cheeks are burning crimson with embarrassment. Then I feel your eyes on 

me. It doesn't matter that mine are closed, you can see right through me. You 

know how aroused I am, you can see the sheen of sweat starting to cover my body 

and you haven't even touched me yet. You reach over to the coffee table and pick 

it up. The crop you had me put there earlier. I remember feeling so excited at 

having to place it there for your use on me.



You pick it up and I hear you slap it against your palm a few times. With each 

strike on your palm my body shivers in anticipation. Then I feel it. The crop 

running along the back of my thighs. Gently caressing my body. You run it up 

onto my back, up my spine around to my neck. You move it down my the outside of 

my arm and up the other side. You reach my breasts. You gently tap it against my 

hard nipple. You hear a gasp escape my lips. The teasing of the leather is 

driving me mad. You tell me to open my eyes, you want to see me. You slap my 

right nipple with the crop again, a bit harder this time. I wince just a tiny 

bit. I love the feeling growing in my nipple now. I am craving more, I want to 

really feel it. You hit it again, three time in a row, getting harder each time.



It is as if my nipple were attached somehow to my cunt. I can feel a wonderful 

tingle deep within me now. I arch my back to give you better access to the tips 

of my large breasts. You move to the other nipple now. Whap, whap, whap. Three 

times, hard on my left nipple. Oh yes! That feels fantastic. You slide the whip 

back up around my neck and back down my back again. You hit my ass a few times 

with it, not too hard. Teasing me a bit. Knowing how I much I need to feel the 

crack of leather against my tender skin. Then you run the crop down the crack of 

my ass and up my juicy slit. I moan a little loader now.



"You like that slut?" you ask me.



"Yes, Sir." I whisper to you in a husky tone. I surprise myself as my voice 

sounds as it never has before.



You move the crop back and forth roughly against my clit. A wonderful feeling is 

rising up inside me. I am trying so hard to fight it off, but it is becoming 

more and more difficult. You see it, my hips starting to move and body tensing. 

You hear me breathing harder. I am dripping from my cunt now, as you can see the 

juice begin to coat the insides of my thighs. You move the crop faster and 

harder against my clit.



"Please Sir, if you continue to do this I will have an orgasm" I cry to you. You 

just laugh and tell me I better not cum. You have not given approval for that. 

Finally I cannot hold out any longer and the orgasm wins. I throw my head back 

and moan loudly.



"Oh God, yes, that's it, I am cumming!"



You keep moving until I am raw and sensitive. The orgasm rips through my body. 

My hips bucking the air, the sensations running through me spreading the orgasm 

to every nerve inside me. My whole body is feeling it now. The magnificent 

climax has taken me over. I never want it to stop, oh yes, don't let it ever 

end! Then suddenly you pull the crop away.



I am panting now, a layer of sweat covers my body. You walk around to the front 

of me and look down at me. You grab my chin and pull my head up so I am looking 

at you. Quickly my head clears from the orgasm that just rocked my brain. I can 

see the anger in your eyes. A coldness that I had not seen before. I know I am 

in trouble. I bite my lower lip, afraid now. You let go of my chin, but I hold 

my head up. Slap, I feel your hand come across my face hard. It stings quite a 

bit as I feel some tears forming.



You laugh, "don't cry bitch, you just had an orgasm, why would you cry? I don't 

recall giving you permission to cum."



I just look at you, knowing whatever I say will be wrong. Slap, again hard 

across my face.



"I am sorry Sir. I couldn't help it. I tried to resist it but could not" I 

whispered quickly, stammering as I tried to make a futile attempt at avoiding 

what I knew would come next, punishment.



"Well, now I will have to discipline you slut."



You move back around behind me. I feel a few tears roll down my cheeks, I feel 

awful for disappointing you. I will willingly take whatever punishment you give, 

in order to win your affection back. You stand behind me. I feel your boot on 

the inside of my right knee, pushing it out a bit more.



"Spread your legs, cunt," you whisper harshly.



I obey immediately. Then I feel the crack of the crop on my ass. Again, harder 

this time. It hurts, but I don't dare move. You whip it some more. Getting 

harder and harder. You can see the red marks and welts forming as the crop cuts 

into my skin. Your cock hardens at the sight of thin lines of blood forming on 

my white ass. I am trying hard to stay still but the pain is growing. I am 

sweating profusely now, struggling to be as still as I can. Wanting to please 

you by taking my punishment well. Then you move the crop to the inside of my 

thighs. Slapping first one thigh, then the other. I drop my head to my chest and 

open my eyes. I can see you kneeling down behind me now. You move the crop 

almost to the floor and bring it up hard against my cunt. Oh God, that hurts so 

much. The pain of the crop burning into my clit. I close my eyes tightly, trying 

to absorb the pain I feel in my poor cunt. Again. And again. You continue to 

whip my cunt. It is raw from the leather slicing into it. The tears are rolling 

down my cheeks now. But I also can feel the wetness in my cunt building. You 

continue to whip me, showing no mercy as I deserve none. You notice how wet my 

cunt is and aroused I am. But as you are swinging the crop against my cunt lips 

and clit, you see a slight movement in my hips.



"Oh no, that will not do" you think to yourself. You suddenly stop. You stand up 

behind me and with the sole of your boot, push me hard to the floor. You kneel 

over me, sort of digging your knee into the small of my back. "Spread your legs 

cunt" you command me. I move my legs as far apart as they will go. You bring the 

crop down hard against my ass. I feel it bite into my skin. You do it again. I 

notice my hands are balled up into fists now, digging my nails into the flesh of 

my palms, trying to absorb some of the pain. Slap, slap, slap again and again 

you whip me. Sometimes striking the flesh of my ass, sometimes my cunt, 

sometimes my thighs. You see the welts and the bruises forming nicely. "You will 

feel this for several days" you say. I can hear the haughtiness in your tone. 

You continue to beat me. Just when I think the pain is subsiding, wham, there it 

is again. My ass, cunt and legs feel as if they are on fire. With every stroke 

of the crop I feel a sharp stinging cutting into me. The pain really is 

exquisite. I know with each stroke, you care for me. I take it all willingly. 

More tears flowing now. Finally you stop.



I realize for the first time since you first struck me that I am panting like a 

dog in heat. I feel you rise off of me. I hear your footsteps walking away. You 

sit down on the sofa. You look over at me, seeing the crop marks and bruises on 

my ass and thighs. "Come here love, come sit on my lap" you call to me. I get up 

slowly, feeling the dull throbbing pain in my ass and legs. I rise up to my 

knees and gingerly crawl over to you. I climb onto your lap feeling the pain is 

my ass as I sit and rest my head against your shoulder. "Did you learn something 

today love" you whisper in my ear, as you play with my hair gently. "Yes, Sir, I 

did. I will never orgasm without asking and receiving your permission first." I 

whisper back, my eyes still wet with tears. "Good girl" you tell me as you 

stroke my back. Contented, I slowly fall asleep there.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Goo-Girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





