BDSM Library - Be Careful What You Wish For




Be Careful What You Wish For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Fantasy, Femdom, NC, Mind Control






Be Careful What You Wish For... Part 1





Prologue



I'm still online when I hear my wife open the front door. Somehow, I didn't hear 

her car pull up. She told me that she would be home around midnight, but it's 

only 11. If she comes straight up to our bedroom, I'm gonna get busted!



Sure enough, she comes straight up! I quickly log off just a second before she 

enters, but the screen saver feature take a minute to activate.



"Were you on that damned computer again?" she asks.



"Uh, yeah," I reply.



"So why did you log off so quickly?" she asks sarcastically.



"Well, I heard you come in, and I figured it was time to get ready for bed," I 

respond.



"Yeah, right! Smut surfing again? Why don't you get a fucking life?" she snaps 

back, as she slams the door to the adjoining master bathroom behind her.



What a sweetheart. Well, she is pretty close about the smut surfing. I was on a 

domination website again, for about the 10th time in the past month.



I usually take the opportunity to visit these sites whenever an opportunity 

presents itself.



The truth is, I've had submissive desires for years. As an outlet for these 

fantasies that I never managed to fulfill, I began writing about them. At first, 

I just wrote about my thoughts. Later, I wrote stories loosely based upon my 

fantasies.



Terri and I finally connected online last year. To my delight, I soon found 

multitudes of other people with similar interests. I then refocused my energies 

online, attempting to bring my submissive fantasies to real life.



In addition to reading as many femdom stories that I could find, I paid close 

attention to the personal ads. I responded to many, but received only a tiny 

fraction of responses in return. I even placed a couple ads of my own, but never 

even received one response.



Connecting with a lifestyle domme has proven to be difficult at best. I feel 

lost and don't know where to turn. Submissive males seeking femdoms are at an 

extreme disadvantage. We simply outnumber them by too great a margin.



Unfortunately, I don't have the nerve to walk into a scene club cold. It's too 

intimidating for a novice like myself.



Consequently, I may be faced with accepting my fate as just another sub wannabe 

doomed to a vanilla existence. At age 39, my submissive life is currently 

limited to my frequent and secret visits to various femdom websites.



Believe me, I've tried to suppress my submissive desires over the years, but 

they always resurface. Sometimes with a vengeance. But in the big picture, the 

lack of my submissive fulfillment is only a minor problem in comparison.



You see, my marriage is in trouble. Serious trouble. Not that my submissive 

desires have anything to do with that. Terri doesn't have a clue about my 

secret. At least I don't think she does. I've hinted around about exploring some 

alternative sex and role playing on several occasions, but she's shown 

absolutely no interest. I find her reluctance towards variation a little 

difficult to understand and accept, because Terri is multi-orgasmic and fully 

enjoys sex.



Nevertheless, our 12 year marriage has been problematic. But that's old hat. 

Lately, what's bothering me most is my growing suspicion that she may be seeing 

someone else. Our frequent arguments have been getting uglier, and she often 

mentions divorce. The marriage councilor that we've been seeing for over a year 

now hasn't seemed to help much.



Even at 32 with three kids, Terri is still a stone fox. She carries 124 slinky, 

but curvaceous pounds on a 5'8" leggy frame. Her sexy figure is not the result 

of any extra effort on her part, however. She has never seen the inside of a 

health club, or even a pair of running shoes for that matter. She is simply 

blessed with remarkable genes.



Her grandmother was half Filipino and half Chinese. Terri is the beneficiary of 

luxurious, long, dark, thick, and moderately wavy hair. Her beautiful dark eyes 

are just slightly slanted, and her light olive brown skin tans to a dark golden 

brown, but never burns. She has pointed full eyebrows, full pouty lips, and a 

street smart, mischievous look about her. She has 36D's and a cute little round 

ass with dimples where the small of her back joins her succulent asscheeks. 

Except for special occasions, the woman even goes without wearing makeup.



Yes, she's still a head turner to say the least. Sexually, I just can't get 

enough of her. Even though we still fuck regularly, she hasn't kissed me on the 

lips for almost two years. I also go down on her regularly, but she hasn't 

reciprocated for almost two years as well.



Terri has never worked a full time job, but she's gotten involved with a few MLM 

(multi-level-marketing) ventures over the years. It generates what she calls her 

pocket money. That's where she supposedly went tonight, to another MLM meeting.



Our beautiful home is always a disastrous mess. She works an average of an hour 

a day in her MLM venture. Even though I work full time, she fully expects me 

share the housework 50/50. Since I am also expected to do 100% of the "man's 

work," we have had numerous problems in this area.



Another problem area is money. We are barely managing to get by financially. 

Even though I earn just under six figures and Terri earns her own pocket money, 

we are struggling. We have a big mortgage, two cars payments, and several credit 

cards to pay on each month. Of course, the kids always seem to need something 

too. Consequently, we haven't been able to save a dime. Even if we managed to 

save any money, Terri would quickly find something to spend it on. After all, 

for years she's been spending money that we don't have!



If we didn't have 3 children, we no doubt would have gone our separate ways long 

ago. God, does she make my life miserable! Even though I'm still crazy in lust 

with her, I don't like her anymore. Does that make any sense? Terri is often 

bitchy, but she seems particularly bitchy tonight. Well, tomorrow we have 

another session with our marriage councilor. Maybe we could talk about it then.





Chapter 1



Terri was unusually quiet on our way to see Dr. Peter Anthony.



Unfortunately, the session proved to be just another time waster. But as we were 

leaving, he suggested that we see an associate of his. He explained that Dr. 

Kale is a hypnotherapist. He surmised that she might be helpful in uncovering 

the true source of our problem that he, apparently, had been unable to do.



I called Dr. Kale the next day to arrange our interview, and was told that she 

wanted to see us separately on our first visit. So after I set my appointment, I 

asked her to call Terri direct to arrange for her appointment.



When I arrived at Dr. Kale's office the following Monday night, I was surprised 

to see that my mental image of her had been woefully off target.



Even though she sounded more mature over the telephone, she appeared to be in 

her early 30's. She was quite tall, only an inch or two shorter than my own six 

foot height. Her sleek fitting white blouse and black skirt did little to hide 

her well proportioned figure. She probably weighed around 135 to 140 pounds.



"Come in and sit down Mr. Hunt," she offered, as she picked up a file folder.



I sat down and twitched around a bit in her leather chair until I felt 

comfortable.



"Dr. Anthony has forwarded a copy of your file upon my request. I've taken the 

time to study it. It seems as though you and your wife haven't made much 

progress," she said.



"No, I'm afraid not," I replied as I studied the captivating emerald green eyes 

behind her over sized, librarian style glasses. She wore her long blond hair in 

a tight, conservative bun.



"Do you love your wife, Mr. Hunt?" she asked.



"Oh yes, very much so," I responded, admiring her softly chiseled facial 

features.



"As you know, Dr. Anthony suggested that hypnotherapy might be helpful to your 

situation. May I assume that you're here because you're willing to give this a 

try Mr. Hunt?" she asked.



"Please call me Mike," I requested.



"OK Mike," she replied.



"Yes, I'm willing to try anything at this point to save our marriage," I 

explained.



"Well, that's a positive attitude, Mike! I'm glad to hear that. Now, have you 

ever been hypnotized before?" she inquired.



"Just once, about 15 years ago to stop smoking," I responded.



"I see. Did it work?" she asked.



"Yes, I never smoked again after that," I explained.



"Wonderful! You already know that you can be hypnotized then. My guess is that 

you probably had a high motivation to quit smoking before you saw your 

hypnotist, didn't you?" she inquired.



"As a matter of fact, I did," I replied.



"Did you quit smoking after just one session?" she asked.



"Yes," I responded.



"That's great! Do you mind if I ask what your hypnotist charged you back then?" 

she continued.



"No, I don't mind. He charged me 40 dollars," I stated.



"I see. Well, times have changed. And Mike, your problem is a little more 

complex this time. My fee will be 400 dollars per session. Will that pose a 

problem for you?" she asked.



"Uhwell, no. It sounds a little expensive, but," my voice trailed off, but Dr. 

Kale saved me by interrupting.



"Mike, the initial interview for both you and Mrs. Hunt will be complementary. 

Also, we can speed up the process with the help of some medication, sort of a 

truth serum, if you will. With the use of this drug, I can typically get to the 

heart of the matter within 2 or 3 sessions. This is only about a third of the 

time it would typically take using traditional techniques. There is no extra 

charge for the drug. I don't expect your decision today, Mike. Sleep on it and 

let me know the next time we meet. Do you have any questions?" she asked.



"Yes. Are there any side effects to this drug?" I asked.



"Yes. You could experience drowsiness up to several hours after the 

administration of the drug. But besides that, there are no serious side effects 

known. You will need to arrange for a ride home from here," she explained.



"OK, that shouldn't be a problem," I surmised.



"Do you have any other questions, Mike?" she asked.



"Well, does this mean that you're not going to hypnotize me today?" I inquired, 

in a quizzical tone.



"No, not today. I hope I haven't disappointed you. Anything else, Mike?" she 

asked, smiling.



"No, not that I can think of at the moment," I responded.



"Very good then. Can you see me this Friday at the same time?" she asked, 

looking at her appointment book.



"Sure," I said.



Dr. Kale wrote in our appointment, then stood up. I followed her lead, and then 

shook her extended hand.



"I'll see you this Friday at 6pm, Mike," she said.



"See you then," I replied.





Chapter 2



When I arrived home, Terri was unusually pleasant. She seemed very interested in 

my interview with Dr. Kale. After I answered her questions, she announced that 

she was going out on a recruiting appointment.



"On a Monday night?" I grumbled.



"Yes, I have my appointment with Dr. Kale tomorrow, so I have to take care of 

this tonight," she replied.



"Why did you make your appointment with Kale on the same night that we usually 

see Dr. Anthony?" I asked.



"Well, we may as well see what Kale can do for us before we go back to Anthony. 

We are no better off than we were a year and a half ago when we started with 

him," she explained.



"Yes, that's true. How long will you be out?" I asked.



"Just a couple of hours," she replied.



She promptly left. I planned to go to the health club to work out, but I had 

enough time to visit a couple of domination sites first. Within a minute after 

Terri had left, I was at my screen. I logged on, and saw that I had mail.



I didn't recognize the author's screen name, MsXenia. Hmm the subject line said 

Make a Wish. I clicked on it. My eyes quickly widened, and my heart started 

pumping harder. It read





Dear Potential Slave,



I am a tall, slender, gorgeous and intoxicating Dominant Woman. Some time ago, 

you responded to a personal ad that I placed under a different name.



Your approach was interesting, so I saved your response.



Now that I've recently relocated to the Chicago area, I've decided to give you a 

chance to experience your submissive dreams. But one chance only.



If you are still interested in serving a Goddess, you will write a letter essay 

that explicitly and honestly expresses your deepest and most secret desires. 

Don't leave anything out. The wider your parameters are, the better your chances 

for selection will be. But let me forewarn you, do not fabricate! For if you are 

selected, I will soon uncover your fabrications, and you will be forever 

dismissed!



You will open your letter with the words, "Dear Mistress, I wish," and will 

close your letter with, "Submissively Yours".



Make it good, slave! You will limit the length of your letter to a thousand 

words, so get to the point and make every word count.



You are, no doubt, already asking yourself whether or not this is real. Since I 

want no other correspondence from you other than your essay letter, let me 

assure you that this is this real. In fact, it's more real than you can ever 

imagine at this point!



So get to work! You have exactly 48 hours from the receipt of this letter to 

comply.



Dominantly Yours



Mistress Xenia





My heart was pounding and my cock was supporting a crotch tent. I was almost 

breathless. Was she on the level? I never told any of my friends about my secret 

desires, so I surmised that it could only be from someone I had responded to in 

the past. My only fear was that it may be the game playing of some nutball ex 

husband or boyfriend of a femdom that I had once responded to.



Xenia also had AOL as her access provider, so she would know exactly what time I 

retrieved her message. Since the clock was already ticking, I decided to start 

working on it immediately. I wasn't sure yet whether or not I would ever send a 

response to her, but I at least wanted to have the option to.



Writing the letter was not an easy task. The kids interrupted several times, and 

the time passed quickly. Before I knew it, Terri was pulling her car into the 

driveway. I logged off and quickly darted into the bathroom. It was already 

9:15, and going to the gym was no longer an option. I would probably have to 

explain to Terri why I didn't go, since it was out of character for me not to 

work out on a Monday night.



I didn't have to wait long. The moment I stepped out of the bathroom, Terri 

asked, "Didn't you go to the gym tonight?".



"No honey, I just wanted to hang around and think about my interview with Dr. 

Kale today," I lied.



"What's to think about?" she asked.



"Well, she's very expensive for one. We really can't afford it," I explained.



"Are you saying that you're not going to see her again?" she queried, in a 

slight argumentative tone.



"No, I'm not saying that at all. She also wants to use a drug on me to speed up 

the process. I'm a little leery about that," I replied.



"Well, if she's expensive and we can't afford it, maybe speeding up the process 

is the smart thing to do. How much will it speed it up?" she asked.



"She said that the drug typically cuts the time down to about a third of 

traditional techniques," I explained.



"And how much does she charge for a session?" she inquired.



"Four hundred dollars," I replied.



"It doesn't sound like there's much to think about, is there?" she responded 

flatly.



"No, I guess not. I suppose that I'm just a little hesitant about taking the 

drug," I said.



"Why on earth for? You used to do drugs all the time when you were in college. 

You'll probably like it! ," she quipped.



"Yeah, wellit's some kind of a truth serum," I added, trying to keep the tone of 

conversation serious.



"So? Do you have anything to hide?" she asked.



"No, of course not," I responded.



"Then there's nothing to worry about, is there?" she inquired.



"I guess not. But she said I will need someone to drive me home after the 

session," I added.



"Why is that?" she asked.



"There's a possible after effect of drowsiness," I explained.



"When is your next appointment?" she queried.



"Friday at six," I replied.



"I'll take you," she offered.



"You don't have to trouble yourself. I'll ask Tom if he can pick me up," I 

responded.



"Oh, I see. You don't want me anywhere near you when you're on truth serum, do 

you?" she rebutted in an argumentative tone.



It was just like her to paint me into a corner with her manipulative ways.



"That isn't it honey," I tried to explain.



"Yeah, right," she sarcastically responded, as she slammed the door of the 

bathroom behind her.



A few minutes later, she emerged from the bathroom and with a sarcastic tone, 

said, "Fine, let Tom pick you up then."



Nothing more was said about it. When we went to bed an hour later, she 

immediately turned her back to me and went to sleep.





Chapter 3



The best opportunity I had to finish my letter was following night when Terri 

was at Dr. Kale's. The minute Terri walked out the door, I jumped online. I 

worked hard and completed the letter only minutes before Terri returned. I 

stored it as mail waiting to be sent.



I asked how her meeting went. I became quite annoyed when she told me that Dr. 

Kale decided to hold off on Terri's therapy until after she had completed mine. 

I left to go work out.



The next day, I fretted about whether or not to send my letter to Mistress 

Xenia. I sat at my computer for as long as possible, debating my decision before 

finally clicking on the send button. I probably would have sat there pondering 

for hours if the 48 hour deadline had nt arrived.



As I drove to Dr. Kale's office on Friday, I found myself growing increasingly 

irritated about Terri's therapy being postponed. I even decided to let Terri 

pick me up afterwards. I didn't want to have to explain to my best friend what 

was going on, especially since I was going for therapy without Terri. It might 

appear as though I was the source of the problem.



Terri would drive me home, and I would have to leave my car there in Kale's 

parking lot overnight. Terri agreed to help me retrieve my car the next day.



As I pulled into a parking space, I recalled that Mistress Xenia still hadn't 

bothered to respond to my letter yet. As a result, my mood grew even more foul. 

I tried to shake it off as I entered Dr. Kale's office.



"Hello Mike, I appreciate your promptness. Please sit down," she said.



I sat down and waited.



"Have you decided which method of therapy you prefer?" she inquired.



"Yes, let's go the quicker route," I responded.



"Fine! Are you ready to get started?" she asked.



"Sure," I replied.



"Do you have any questions?" she queried.



"Well yes, just one. Why do you want to complete my therapy before starting 

Terri's?" I asked.



"That's a good question. First of all, based on how you were such a good subject 

15 years ago when you stopped smoking, I think you will be an easier subject to 

work with. Also, your wife has indicated to me that she has attempted hypnosis 

twice in her life without success," she explained.



"I didn't know that," I commented.



"Yes, and finally, you seem to be a little more motivated in terms of making 

your marriage work," she concluded.



"Well, that doesn't surprise me!," I added, delighted to see that she understood 

my plight. I started to really like her.



"Anything else?" she asked.



"No," I replied.



"Good! Then are you ready to get started?" she asked again.



"Yes," I replied.



"Follow me," she instructed.



We went through a door behind her desk and entered her therapy room.



It was a larger room, perhaps 15 by 18 feet. There were three pieces of 

furniture in the softly lit room. Her oversized chair was almost the size of a 

love seat. Placed about six feet away was a chaise recliner for her subject. A 

small table stood in between with a pitcher of ice water and two glasses on it.



"Please sit down, Mike," she instructed.



I sat up in the middle of the recliner and faced her. She handed me a pill, and 

poured two glasses of water.



"It will take effect rather quickly, Mike. Usually well within 10 minutes. Do 

you want to use the bathroom before we begin?" she asked.



"No thanks," I replied.



I then popped the pill into my mouth and chased it down with a gulp of water.



"Why don't you lay down now, Mike," she suggested.



Her recliner was incredibly comfortable. She stood up and walked over to a 

control panel on the wall. She adjusted the light several notches dimmer, and 

turned on a sound system. Ever so slightly, I could hear the sound of water 

dripping, one slow drop at a time. I looked up at the ceiling to see a 

state-of-the-art surround sound speaker system.



"Just relax, Mike. Breathe slow and easy," she instructed.



She slowly repeated her instructions several times. Soon, my body began to feel 

as though it were dissipating, but I felt very content. I noticed that the 

lighting had slowly changed to a crystal blue color, and the dripping sound 

slowly grew louder.



"How do you feel, Mike?" she asked.



"Jusss Wunnnerful|," I responded, already well under the influence.



"Now close your eyes and imagine the drops of water, Mike. Use your mind's eye 

to see the drops of pristine water. Watch them fall slowly into the crystal blue 

body of water. You will see the concentric rings that each crystal clear drop 

makes, Mike. Isn't it fascinating how the rings spread so evenly|so perfectly?" 

she asked.



"Yessss," I responded.



The drops sounded even louder, and I could soon see the water just as she had 

described it. It was beautiful. I felt an inner peace that I hadn't felt for 

years. Seconds later, my physical body no longer existed.



Soon after that, I no longer perceived the confines of the room. The water 

endlessly stretched throughout eternity. The entire universe was within my 

perception. Somewhere far, far away, her voice still existed. But somehow, the 

words no longer mattered. Such blissful peace. Ahhhh... The next thing I 

remembered was waking up. I felt horribly groggy. I struggled to sit up. I 

rubbed my eyes and opened them. I was shocked to see Terri sitting next to Dr. 

Kale!



"How do you feel, Mike?" Dr. Kale asked.



I tried to reply, but I only croaked out an unintelligible sound. My mouth was 

parched. The doctor poured more water into my glass. I picked it up and drank 

half the glass without taking a breath.



"What are you doing here?" I asked Terri.



"Waiting for you to wake up for the past hour," she replied somewhat 

indignantly.



I looked at my watch to see it was already 9:20.



"Damn, I've been out for over three hours?" I asked.



"Yes, Mike. You are a far better subject than I anticipated! One more session 

should do it!," she declared.



"Why don't I remember what happened?" I asked.



"I'm afraid that you're still somewhat under the effect of the drug. And I also 

gave you some post hypnotic suggestions. You should go home and rest now. This 

will all come together for you very soon," she explained.



I was groggy, and my mind was too deep in a fog to argue, so I stood up to 

leave.



"By the way, next week I'm going to give you some relationship exercises to take 

home with you," Kale commented.



We set the next session for the following Friday at the same time. Terri wrote 

her a check, and we then left.



Terri spoke very little about the session during the ride home. She also didn't 

ask me any questions. This seemed out of character for her, being that I was in 

a vulnerable state. It would have been much more like her to take advantage of 

such a situation. But not being in the sharpest frame of mind, I decided to let 

it go for the time being.





Chapter 4



The week went by without even one argument from Terri. This was a notable 

improvement, since we typically had several fights each week. Not only were we 

getting along, but the house was beginning to shape up too. I couldn't 

understand it, but I sure wasn't about to rock the boat.



As well as things were going, I was bothered by occasional memory lapses.



After each lapse, I found myself hoping that Dr. Kale's drug had nt done any 

permanent damage.



On Friday, as I drove to Dr. Kale's office, Terri called me on my cell phone to 

tell me that she would drop the kids off by her mother's house for the weekend. 

That way we would have the whole weekend to do the relationship exercises that 

Kale would give us tonight.



Dr. Kale greeted us and had us sit down in her office. She asked us how things 

were going. I remarked that things seemed to be improving, but that I was 

concerned about my occasional memory lapses.



She explained that I had responded a little too well to the drug, and that the 

lapses would soon pass. Tonight she would use less than half the dosage.



"Are you ready?" she asked.



"Sure," I replied, somewhat hesitantly.



She ushered me into her therapy room, and left Terri in her office. She gave me 

a smaller pill, and offered the use of her bathroom once more. I declined her 

offer, and swallowed the pill.



"Tonight, I don't want you to go completely under, Mike. I need to keep you on a 

conscious level," she explained.



"I'm glad to hear that!," I responded.



"Just close your eyes, Mike. Let your mind's eye see the pristine water dripping 

into the crystal blue water," she said, as she dimmed the light and turned on 

the sound system.



"I'll be back in a couple minutes, Mike. Just relax, and let the drug take 

effect," she instructed.



Soon, my body started to dissipate once again. I felt a glowing, inner peace. I 

didn't have a problem in the world. Nothing mattered but the present, and the 

present was profound bliss.



I was vaguely aware of Dr. Kale reentering the room. From what seemed to 

originate from a vacuum, she asked, "Mike, how do you feel?"



"Fine," I responded.



Before I could explain in detail, she interrupted, "That's good, Mike.



Now Mike, you will keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them. You will 

relax, and let everything takes its' course, won't you, Mike?"



"Yes," I said.



"Mike, things are much better at home now, aren't they?" she asked.



"Yes," I responded.



Once again, she interrupted.



"Just relax and answer yes or no, Mike. Let me take control. Do you understand?" 

she instructed.



"Yes," I responded.



"Things are much better at home now, aren't they, Mike?" she repeated.



"Yes," I replied.



"Of course they are. This therapy is working very well, isn't it, Mike?" she 

asked.



"Yes," I responded.



"Of course it is. But now, we've reached the part of the therapy that requires 

Terri's input. You love Terri very much and you want her input, don't you, 

Mike?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"Of course you do. And you are just thrilled how everything has improved so 

remarkably in just one week, aren't you, Mike?" she inquired.



"Yes," I responded.



"Of course you are. And you also know that there is no place for secrets in a 

perfect relationship with Terri, don't you, Mike?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"Of course you do! But you have been keeping some secrets from Terri, haven't 

you?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"Of course you have. You told me all about these secrets last week, didn't you, 

Mike?" she asked.



"Yes," I responded, in blissful reverie.



"Of course you did. You want her to know about all of these things. But you've 

been afraid, Mike. You've been afraid that she would reject you.



Afraid that she would laugh at you. Afraid that she would use this knowledge 

against you. All of this is true, isn't it, Mike," she suggested.



"Yes," I responded.



"Of course it is, Mike. That's why we need Terri's input now, to forever 

eliminate your fears. So that you'll never have to be afraid of your secrets 

ever again. That's what you want Mike, isn't it?" she asked.



"Yes," I responded.



"Of course it is. And you know that after tonight, everything will be just fine, 

don't you, Mike?" she continued.



"Yes," I replied.



"Of course you do. Now, you realize how important it is for Terri to know about 

your secrets, Mike. You want her here right now so that you no longer have to 

carry the burden of your secrets anymore, don't you, Mike?"



"Yes," I responded.



"Of course you do! And I have very good news for you. You don't have to worry 

about anything anymore because Terri is her with me now, Mike. And she's known 

about your secrets for a long time. She simply didn't know what to do, Mike. But 

I've changed all that now. I've changed it for the benefit of both you and 

Terri. Isn't that wonderful, Mike?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"From this day forward, there will never be a need for either one of you to have 

secrets ever again, Mike. Isn't that wonderful?" she inquired, sweetly upbeat.



"Yes," I responded, feeling blissfully happy.



"The truth is that you want to be dominated by a woman, Mike. Completely 

dominated. You truly believe that women are the superior sex. But even in spite 

of your desires and beliefs, for years you have put up a macho facade by 

fighting Terri for control. This is all true, isn't it, Mike?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"Of course it is. But you'll never have to do this again, Mike.



Everything will be fine from now on. Open your eyes now, Mike. Sit up and face 

us," she instructed.



Opening my eyes broke my reverie. I sat up, and looked at them. They were both 

wearing black leather dominatrix attire. The surreal sight should have shocked 

me, but for some reason it did not. I remained perfectly calm in a dreamlike 

state.



"This is what you want, isn't it, Mike?" Dr. Kale asked.



"Yes," I replied, still without emotion.



"Of course it is, and this is what you'll get. But you must understand that 

Terri is deservedly angry. After all, you attempted to satisfy your desires 

outside of your marriage, Mike. But I've taught her how to channel her anger to 

her best advantage. You see, by profession I am a Dr. Kale, certified 

hypnotherapist. But by lifestyle, I am Mistress Xenia, dominatrix," she 

explained.



All of a sudden, I snapped out of my dreamlike state. I started to remember 

things. There were several moments of silence as files quickly downloaded from 

my subconscious into my conscious memory. As I watched Xenia smiled wickedly, I 

began to feel emotion once again.



"Yes, you are beginning to remember now, aren't you? All of those lapses in your 

memory are filling in. You were given post hypnotic suggestions to forget 

certain things until you heard the words Mistress Xenia. Do you remember now?" 

she asked.



"Y-yes," I stuttered.



Xenia interrupted before I could continue.



"Ah, I see that the drug is starting to wear off too. That's good! You will soon 

feel the full embarrassment and humiliation that you not only crave, but also 

richly deserve!," she added.



The magnitude of what had occurred quickly clarified in my mind. I looked at 

Terri to see a serious expression on her face, and remembered that it was I who 

had been cleaning up our house lately!



"The nice thing about hypnotherapy is that a subject will never do anything 

truly against their will, Mike. And when under the influence of a hypnotic 

trance, they rarely say anything that isn't true, especially when using a truth 

serum as we did. Do you remember our last session yet, Mike? We talked a lot 

about that pathetic, groveling essay letter that you e-mailed me," Xenia 

sneered. Her tone of voice was changing.



"Oh my god!" I blurted, as the memory of my first session with Dr. Kale filled 

in. Suddenly I felt very embarrassed, and my face blushed. My expression must 

have exposed my feelings. They both laughed.



My thoughts immediately turned to the e-mail letter that I sent to Xenia.



It suddenly became obvious that Terri had also read the letter. My level of 

humiliation skyrocketed. They both laughed wickedly.



"You have no more secrets, Mike. We both know everything. Even your deepest and 

most perverse fantasies. Unfortunately for you, you have plenty of serious 

transgressions to atone for now! Years of mistreating Terri and looking outside 

of your marriage, for starters. And you know how Terri likes to get even! Yes, 

she'll enjoy being your dominant woman and punishing you for your gross 

misbehavior! I'm afraid that you'll be serving Terri in every conceivable way 

for the rest of your pathetic life or until she grows tired of you, whichever 

comes first," she warned.





End of Part 1











Be Careful What You Wish For...Part 2





Chapter 1 "There are no more secrets, Mike. We both know everything now, even 

your deepest and most perverse fantasies. Unfortunately for you, you have plenty 

of serious transgressions to atone for! Years of mistreating Terri, and looking 

outside your marriage, for starters. And you know how Terri likes to get even! 

Oh, how she'll enjoy being your dominant woman and punishing you for your gross 

misbehavior! I'm afraid that you'll be serving Terri in every conceivable way 

for the rest of your pathetic life or until she grows tired of you, whichever 

comes first. You will start now, by removing all of your clothes and kneeling 

before her," she instructed.



"B-but...," I stammered. I knew that I'd been had.



"Come now, Mike. Don't even think about wasting our time with meaningless 

arguments. Your pathetic little secrets are all out in the open now. We have 

several copies of the e-mail response that you sent me. We also have copies of 

your first session on videotape that proves you meant every single word that you 

wrote to me! So don't waste our time or insult our intelligence by feigning 

resistance! Unless, of course, you would prefer that we go public with this 

information! Take off your clothes, now!" Xenia demanded.



Realizing my predicament, I slowly began to undress. My tight fitting bikini 

briefs had been constricting my cock to just a semi-erect state. Within seconds 

after removing them, blood quickly engorged my cock. It soon grew to its' full 7 

inches, throbbing to my heartbeat. They both laughed.



"What a pathetic slut! Now kneel down before Terri!" Xenia commanded.



I knelt down and awaited her next instruction.



"As I mentioned earlier, Terri has known about your interests for a while now. 

What you don't know is that several months ago, you foolishly left your house in 

a rush without signing yourself off AOL. Terri spent hours looking over your 

bookmarked websites that night. She had the opportunity to explore your many 

femdom sites, as well as several of your responses to femdom personal ads. 

Initially, she was not only hurt, but also repulsed by her discovery. Terri lost 

what little respect she had left for you, and your marriage suffered even more 

as a result. Shortly after that, she started cheating on you. But like most 

vanilla women, Terri didn't realize the profound advantages that come along with 

controlling and owning a submissive man. But luckily, Terri mentioned her 

discovery to Dr. Peter Anthony. You didn't know that she was seeing Peter on her 

own, did you?" she asked.



"N-no..," I stuttered, "...what do you mean by that?"



"Peter is quite aware and accepting of the alternative lifestyles, even though 

he hasn't been an active participant himself yet. If you're wondering how I know 

this, Peter happens to be a good friend of mine. So, one day the 3 of us got 

together to discuss the problems at hand. You see, not only was your marriage in 

deep trouble, but Peter and Terri have been having a torrid affair for several 

months now," she announced.



I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach.



"Oh, don't look so sad, Mike. You were almost certain that Terri was seeing 

someone anyway. After all, who could blame her? Peter is a gorgeous man with a 

very talented 9 inch cock. (sigh)... Unfortunately, he has no interest in 

exploring his submissive side, but we'll still make good use of him! He is a 

committed bachelor and has no interest in marriage or children. I don't think 

anyone could blame him for his attraction and passion towards Terri. She's a 

beautiful, desirable woman, and a fantastic lover. By the way, did you know that 

Terri is bi-sexual?" she asked in a quizzical tone.



"N-no...," I responded.



"Well, at least for the past month she has been," she mused.



She then turned to embrace Terri, and they passionately French kissed. She then 

released Terri and they both wickedly laughed.



"I never realized what I've been missing all of these years!" Terri commented.



"Now bend down and kiss my feet," Terri instructed me.



I looked her straight in the eyes. It was obvious that she was dead serious.



"Do it!" she demanded.



I looked down at her feet wearing the open toed, black, 5 inch heeled shoes. I 

bent down and kissed the insteps of her feet.



"Over time, you are going to get everything you wished for, and then some!" 

Terri warned.



"Even though Terri has no dominant experience, she has the right attitude! And 

that's all I need to mold her into a fine dominant woman for you, Mike. Aren't 

you glad that we've brought your secrets out of the closet for you?" she asked.



"Y-yes," I admitted. They both laughed.



"Yes, and we can see just how glad you are just by looking at your cock! But 

you're not the only one who will benefit! Think about this, Mike. Peter will now 

be able to have Terri as his lover without the fear of discovery, or even 

professional liability. If Terri had divorced you, it would have been only 

natural for her to want more from Peter. So now Peter need not concern himself 

with any of these problems. He can have the best part of Terri without any of 

the obligations. Terri will benefit too. Since she no longer needs to keep 

secrets from you, she can have Peter without guilt or fear of discovery. As an 

added benefit, her affair with Peter will also cause you extreme humiliation. 

Yes Mike, from now on, she'll be able to do whatever she wants, whenever she 

wants! And I can see by your throbbing cock, that this arrangement is going to 

work out just fine. Doesn't a cock make a wonderful barometer of a man's true 

feelings, Mike?" she asked in a devious tone.



I hung my head down in shame. They both laughed. My face burned hot from being 

flush with humiliation.



"For years, you were unable to fulfill your desires, Mike. And all along, the 

answer was right in your own house! Right under your nose, Mike. Of course, most 

women don't want a submissive wimp for a husband. They don't realize all of the 

possibilities that come with the package. Terri now understands that she may 

pursue all the pleasure she wants! All you and Terri needed was a little help to 

put it all together, and you sure came to the right person, Mike, didn't you?" 

she asked, smiling devilishly.



I remained silent.



"Didn't you?" she demanded.



"Yes," I responded. Xenia laughed wickedly once again.



"Now start stroking your pathetic pig meat, but do not cum unless I give you 

permission to! Do you understand?" Xenia added.



"Yes," I responded.



I slowly began stroking myself.



"Have you thought about how you will show your gratitude towards me in return 

for everything I've done for you?" Xenia deviously inquired.



"No," I replied.



"Well, I have! I'll not only have the benefit of enjoying your beautiful wife as 

my lover without fear of discovery, I will also have you to play with! But 

certainly not as my lover! In addition to serving Terri, you are also going to 

serve me once a week until further notice. I want you here on Tuesdays, the very 

same night that you both used to see Peter. So on Tuesdays while Peter enjoys 

the pleasure of your wife, I'll enjoy making some of your wishes come true. I'll 

enjoy fucking your ass with my strap on dildo while reminding you about what 

your wife is doing. But don't think for one minute that I'll make it easy for 

you, Mike. You will have to first earn the privilege of my dildo. You will earn 

your privileges by cleaning my entire office and therapy room each week, and by 

doing whatever else I demand. As you can see, I keep everything in pristine 

shape around here. From now on, it will be your job to maintain it! To add spice 

to your humiliation, you will be required to wear a sexy, French maid's uniform 

while you clean. After I'm satisfied with your work, you'll be required to 

submit to my dildo training. I want you to learn how to overcome your gag 

reflex. It may come in handy one day! After I'm satisfied with your dildo 

training, you will beg me to fuck your ass with it. We'll start smaller, but 

we'll eventually use this monster!" she said, producing an obscenely large black 

dildo from a wooden box. The dildo had to be at least 10 inches long and two 

inches in diameter.



My expression must have betrayed me, for they simultaneously laughed.



"So plan on being here from 6 to 9 every Tuesday night. I think that's the lea 

st you can do to show your appreciation for everything I've done, wouldn't you 

agree, slave?" Xenia asked in a devious tone.



"Yes," I agreed, as pre-cum formed at the tip of my aching cock.



"When I address you as slave, you will address me as mistress from now on. Do 

you understand, slave?" she instructed.



"Yes, mistress," I responded.



"That's better!" Xenia said.



"You have a very long weekend ahead of you. Your training will begin tonight. 

When we get home, we are going to review all the main points of your letter 

essay that you e-mailed to Xenia. You will then be punished for looking outside 

of our marriage to satisfy your pathetic weenie-pulling fantasies," Terri 

warned.



"Yes, you will be at Terri's beck and call at all times. You will obey whatever 

she tells you to do, and accept whatever she dishes out to you," Xenia added.



"By the way, do you remember the last time we fucked, Mike?" Terri asked.



"Yes," I replied, as I slowed my stroking pace.



"Well that was the last time, ever! Xenia made me realize that a slave should 

never be allowed to fuck his mistress," Terri said.



"That's right! A slut-slave like you should only be allowed to jerk off for the 

amusement of his mistress," Xenia added.



"But tonight is your lucky night! In the future, you will have to work much 

harder to earn the privilege of jerking off! Since this is your initiation, and 

we would like to be amused, we are going to make an exception," Terri said.



"In the future, we will control when you cum. You will have to prove yourself to 

be worthy of the privilege, of course!" Xenia mused.



"And Mike, don't think for a minute that you'll be able to jerk off behind my 

back! I plan to closely monitor the amount of your ejaculate each time, and it 

had better add up!" Terri explained.



"If it doesn't add up, you will be forced to wear a chastity device. 

Indefinitely!" Xenia added.



I had to stop stroking, otherwise I would have lost control and gone over the 

edge.



"Look how excited his new arrangement is making him! He has to stop jerking off, 

otherwise he'll cum without our permission!" Terri commented. They both laughed.



"Yes, but he doesn't have our permission to stop stroking! Continue!" Xenia 

demanded.



I stroked as slowly as possible, but I was on the edge, and would not be able to 

stop the inevitable. Seconds later, I groaned and sprayed my cum all over the 

floor in a magnificent orgasm.



"Look! The pig slut came without our permission!" Terri commented.



"Do you remember the proper punishment for that?" Xenia asked Terri.



"I sure do! Get down and lick your cum up off the floor. Now!" Terri demanded.



"Please, don't make me do that," I pleaded.



"Oh, but you will do it! That's the standard punishment for cumming without 

permission," Terri insisted.



"But not necessarily the only time you'll have to do it! So get used to it!" 

Xenia added.



I knelt there motionless and undecided.



"Do you think you have a choice? Refuse, and I promise you that you'll never be 

able to show your face in town ever again! Now do it!" Xenia warned.



"That's blackmail!" I charged.



"And are you willing to have your pathetic secrets dragged through the police 

and through the courts?" Xenia asked.



Without another word, I bent over and began to lick and suck up my cum off the 

cold floor. It was salty, cold, and slimy. I almost gagged. They both laughed.



"He may hate it now, but before long, he'll learn to appreciate it. They all do! 

You'll see," Xenia told Terri.



"Why don't you take him home now and get started. I'll stop by tomorrow as 

planned," Xenia suggested.



"Get dressed, and let's go!" Terri instructed.



Terri just put a raincoat on over her outfit. I quickly got dressed, and we left 

right after I wrote out a check for $400.





Chapter 2



We walked out into a rather cool night for late August. Terri drove as I sat 

next to her in a dumbfounded state. My thoughts were scattered all over the 

board. After several minutes, I collected myself enough to break the silence.



"How could you cheat on me like that?" I asked.



"First of all, don't you dare try to put me on the defensive! I no longer owe 

you an explanation for anything I do! Secondly, how dare you judge me when you 

were looking outside of the marriage yourself?" she asked.



I looked at her in disbelief.



"Answer me!" she demanded.



"Terri, be reasonable!" I pleaded.



"It's Goddess to you from now on. The only time I will allow you to call me 

Terri is in the presence of family and friends. And that's only if you remain 

well behaved. Otherwise I'll begin to embarrass you in front of your friends. If 

you persist in giving me a hard time beyond that, I'll begin to embarrass you in 

front of family too. So I hope you can see that there's plenty of motivation for 

you to play ball with me. Furthermore, words like reasonable and fair no longer 

have any meaning in our relationship. You really fucked yourself good this time, 

Mike!" she laughed.



"Terri, please," I pleaded.



"What a fucking idiot you are! I just told you to address me as Goddess, and you 

ignore me. Do you think this is some kind of game? This is real, Mike! You fell 

into a trap that you're never going to get out of! Do you know how many times I 

wanted to divorce your fucking ass? But I was scared to death. You would have 

tried to screw me any way possible. I know how you are! But now I have the upper 

hand. I have all the control now, Mike," she said, her anger on the rise.



"What if I simply refuse to play along? What if I file for divorce?" I asked, 

ignoring her anger.



"You already know the answer to that! That's why you ate your own cum a few 

minutes ago. Do you want people to see proof that you're a pathetic slut, cum 

eating, jerk off, Mike?" she laughed.



"What?" I replied.



"You didn't realize that Xenia videotaped you while you were licking and sucking 

up the cum that you jerked off all over the floor, did you?" she laughed.



"Fuck you!" I shouted.



"No...it's you who is fucked," she coolly responded.



"That's fucking blackmail," I angrily responded.



"So? What of it? There is nothing you will ever do about it! You're already in 

too deep. Besides, why are you so angry and upset? This is what you've always 

wanted, Mike. You certainly haven't forgotten that this is what you wished for! 

And you know you can't ever deny the sincerity of your wishes, because we have 

the proof! You're beat, Mike! Completely! You swallowed our bait hook, line, and 

sinker! So give it up. Believe me, we've covered all the bases. Resisting is 

futile. The only thing you can do is submit!" she explained.



"Terri, I'll give you anything you want! Please stop this!" I pleaded, panic 

stricken.



"Boy, are you a fucking asshole! You're going to give me anything I want anyway! 

So your offer is meaningless! Also, your punishment is quickly adding up! You've 

already sworn at me, and you persist in calling me Terri even after I've 

instructed you not to. When we get inside, I'm going to show you just how 

serious I am about all this!" she warned, as she pulled into our driveway.



My head was spinning, and I was at a loss for words. The moment we walked into 

the house, Terri instructed me to go upstairs, get undressed, and wait for her. 

I quickly complied, and nervously waited in our bedroom. She made me sweat by 

taking her sweet time. Ten minutes later, she finally came up. She ordered me up 

onto the bed, face down. She quickly tied both of my wrists to the bedposts, 

just two or three inches above the top of the mattress.



"What are you going to do?" I asked nervously.



"You'll see. Get on your knees now!" she demanded.



She climbed up on the bed behind me. Since my hands were tied low, my head and 

shoulders stayed down low, while my ass protruded up and out towards her. I 

turned my head over my shoulder to see what she was doing.



"Did I give you permission to look? she asked.



"No, but...," I tried to explain, but she interrupted.



"But nothing!" she exclaimed.



She then slapped my ass with surprising authority. I jumped as the crack 

reverberated throughout the room.



"Ouch!" I shouted. I couldn't believe what was happening. Even though I had 

fantasized about being in such a situation dozens of times, never in a million 

years did I consider it would be with my wife!



"That was the first of thousands you're gonna get over the years! After all, you 

did wish for spankings and whippings when deserved, didn't you?" she asked.



"Yes, but...," I tried to explain, but she interrupted once again.



"But? My, you are a slow learner aren't you?" she exclaimed.



She then slapped my ass even harder.



"Oww!" I reacted.



"Let's try again. You did wish for spankings and whippings when deserved, didn't 

you?" she inquired in a sarcastic tone.



"Yes," I responded.



"Yes, I seem to recall that you wished for them often, and for the slightest 

infractions! Now hold still," she instructed.



She spread my ass cheeks apart, and squeezed a generous amount of cold lubricant 

along the crack of my ass.



"But first I'm going to shove this butt plug up your ass. You will hold it in 

place until I give you permission to release it. Do you understand?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"Butt plugs were a part of your fantasies, weren't they?" she asked.



"Yes," I admitted. Since she already knew the answer, there was no point in 

denying anything. She brushed and rolled the plug along the crack of my ass to 

coat it with the lubricant that she had just applied to my ass.



"Do you realize how fortunate you are that I am even using this KY jelly?" she 

asked.



"I haven't given it much thought," I replied.



"Maybe I should remove the lubrication so that you'll give it some thought," she 

warned.



"Ok ok, you win! I realize how fortunate I am," I offered.



"I'll always win, slut! This is a relatively small plug. I have two larger ones 

that you'll have to graduate to very soon. Xenia told me to start slow on your 

virgin ass because if I rip you, it'll spoil our fun for awhile," she explained, 

as she fully inserted the plug.



"Now, I will add to your punishment if you let it fall out. Do you understand?" 

she asked.



"Yes," I responded.



"Good! Now, I want to know why you fought with me for 12 fucking years about 

housework, when you were willing to go out and do it all for a perfect 

stranger?" she asked, in an irritated tone of voice.



"Uh...," I started to respond, but she slapped my ass viciously 5 times.



"You were about to say?" she quipped. My ass was already on fire.



"I'm sorry, honey," I pleaded.



"I am not your honey anymore. I am your Goddess, and believe me, I won't be 

sweet at all! I'll be more like vinegar! Maybe this will help you to remember," 

she said, then viciously slapped my ass 5 more times again.



"What do you think your punishment should be for your willingness to do all the 

housework for a perfect stranger while helping your own wife as little as 

possible? Think carefully, because if you give me the wrong answer, I will beat 

your ass so fucking hard that you won't be able to sit for a week!" she warned.



"I'll do all of the housework for you from now on," I responded.



"Damned right, you will! I'm not going to lift a finger around here anymore! 

Also, starting now, I will control the money. All of it! You will turn your 

paycheck over to me, and I will give you a small allowance each week. Other than 

your personal incidentals, I will make every buying decision from now on! Now, 

what do you think your punishment should be for hiding that 20 dollars in cash 

each week over the past 12 years?" she asked.



"I'll give you all the money," I replied.



"That goes without saying! But there's more! Over the next 12 years, you will 

also receive one lash of my whip for every dollar you hid from me. The math is 

easy. That's 20 lashes per week for the next 12 years, if I don't discard you by 

then. Just think, your lashes will just about be healed up for your nex t 

lashing! How appropriate," she mused.



Then she viciously slapped my ass 5 more times. My legs were starting to quiver, 

and it was getting harder to hold the plug in.



"So, the idea of forced feminization arouses you too?" she asked sarcastically.



"Yes," I admitted.



"Well, I have good news for you, slut. After I untie you, I'm going to begin 

your feminization. I'm going to remove all of your body hair from the neck down. 

Over time, I'm going to turn your asshole into a cunt, Mike. And sluts need 

their cunts fucked regularly, don't they?" she asked.



I remained silent.



Terri lost her temper and repeatedly slapped my ass in a fury, swearing and 

screaming for me to answer her.



"Yes!" I finally admitted. My whole body was shaking. I couldn't take much more. 

"Your new name will be Michelle. And Michelle is going to be such a slut, isn't 

she?" she asked in a deviously angry tone.



"Yes!" I immediately responded, not risking another blow. My legs were visibly 

shaking, and I had to squeeze my red, beaten asscheeks together as hard as 

possible to prevent the plug from falling out. I knew I couldn't hold it in much 

longer.



"Yes, slut Michelle will live for two reasons. To serve me and anyone else I 

choose, and to have her cunt filled as often as possible. If you prove to be an 

obedient slut, I will not require you to take female hormones. But if you are 

disobedient, I will force you to take them. That means you'll grow larger 

breasts, and your balls will shrink. Your cock may even get smaller too. So 

you'd better play ball and get with the program. You do everything I say, when I 

say it, and without hesitation. Do you understand me?" she demanded, in a dead 

serious tone.



"Yes," I replied, grimacing. My knees were giving out under me. She ignored my 

predicament.



"One more thing. If you remain obedient, I will allow you the privilege to 

continue working. But remember this, if you don't play ball, Xenia and I can to 

arrange for you to suck off 15 cocks a day at 20 bucks a pop to replace your 

work income! If you think I'm bluffing, just try me! Understand?" she asked.



She had gone mad with power. I couldn't think of anything I could do besides 

submitting to her whims, or leaving town in shame with my tail between my legs.



"Yes," I gasped. I was out of holding power. I finally gave up and let go. The 

plug popped out onto the bed.



"Naughty slut!" she scolded.



"I'm sorry! I just...," I tried to explain, but she interrupted.



"Shut the fuck up, and open your mouth!" she demanded.



She picked up the plug and inserted it into my mouth.



"Now hold it there until I tell you to do otherwise!" she demanded.



It tasted bitter, and it was still slimy from the lubricant. She then untied me.



"Get into the bathtub," she instructed.



I quickly complied and waited for her. She came in and expediently applied a 

thick creamy lather over my entire body from the neck down. Soon my body began 

to tingle. After several minutes, the substance began to irritate my skin. She 

made me wait several more minutes. By the time she instructed me to shower off, 

my whole body felt downright uncomfortable. I watched in anguish as all of my 

body hair washed away along with the lather substance, but at least the rinse 

provided physical relief.



My skin was as smooth as a baby's butt. Terri carefully inspected my hairless 

body. Satisfied, she handed me a towel to dry off. Then she applied a perfumed 

body oil over my entire body. My hairless body glistened.



She finally allowed me to remove the plug from my mouth. Plenty of saliva had 

accumulated, since I didn't want to swallow any. I walked over to the toilet and 

spit it all out.



"May I brush my teeth?" I asked.



"As punishment for spitting without my permission, you may not!" she replied.



"But how could I have even asked you with a mouthful of saliva?" I questioned.



"Simply by swallowing it first. You're going to be deep tonguing my ass quite 

often from now on. I may even start using your tongue for toilet paper, so you'd 

better get used to the taste!" she responded.



I looked at her in disbelief, but she only laughed at me.



"I happen to know that Xenia also plans on having her asshole worshipped by you. 

I wonder how ripe her ass will be so late in the day!" she smirked.



"Follow me!" she instructed.



We walked into the master bedroom. She opened one of her drawers and took out 

some feminine garments. She handed me a pair of black, silk, French panties.



"Here, put these on!" she instructed.



I quickly put them on. The silk felt very sexy against my hairless skin. Several 

minutes later, I also had on silk stockings, garter, and a bra. My cock started 

to push against the loose fitting panties, creating a silk tent.



"Such a slut you are, Michelle!" she said, taking notice.



She then put a wig over my head, and spent a few minutes fixing it.



"You are going to grow your hair long. In a few months, it'll be long enough so 

that we won't have to fuck with wigs anymore!" she commented.



She was right. My hair was already reaching down to my shirt collar. In a few 

months, I wouldn't need a wig.



"I won't bother to make you up tonight. It'll only mess up anyway when you spend 

the next hour or so worshipping my ass and pussy with your lips and tongue. Now 

turn around and bend over," she instructed.



She then squeezed lubricant along the crack of my ass again.



"You didn't do too well with your last plug, so we're going to try a larger one. 

Spread wide!" she instructed.



She slowly worked the plug in. I groaned and slightly shuddered as she pushed 

the widest part through the rim of my asshole. The remainder of the plug then 

slid in easily.



"There! Oooou..., my slut likes that, doesn't she?" she said in a mocking tone.



She reached around me to lightly stroke the length of my throbbing cock just 

once, then laughed wickedly.



"Now pull up your panties, and be sure to hold the plug in this time!" she 

warned.



I pulled them up, but my cock was too hard for the loose fitting, silky panty to 

contain. My cock slid through the left leg hole, and stood up at a 45 degree 

angle. She laughed again.



"I'm glad Michelle is feeling so sexy! If just having your pussy filled with a 

plug makes you that hard, I can't wait to see how you respond to having it f 

ucked!" she mused.



I felt the familiar burn of a humiliating, submissive fever kick in. I had felt 

it many times before during my submissive fantasies. A drop of precum formed at 

the tip of my cock hole as I waited.



She stared at me for a few moments, and must have read my mind.



"This really is what you wanted, isn't it?" she asked, almost in disbelief.



I just stood there in silence as my cock throbbed.



"You don't even have to answer, I can see it in your eyes!" she claimed.



I turned my face away from hers in shame, flushed with embarrassment.



"Look at me!" she instructed.



I turned my face back towards hers, but avoided eye contact.



"Look into my eyes!" she demanded.



As I did, I felt the razor sharp connection of submissive exposure to someone 

who was going to exploit it to every advantage until something better came 

along. She laughed in a knowing, sly demeanor. At that moment, I think we both 

realized that she hadn't even warmed up yet. We had a long, long game ahead of 

us. A game that would provide her with a stacked deck for every hand.



"Ohhh, are you gonna get it! I'm gonna love paying you back for 12 years of 

crap!" she warned. She then reached under my padded bra, fiercely squeezed my 

nipples and then twisted them so hard that I thought she might rip them off.



"Ow ow ow ow ow !" I shouted repeatedly from the sharp pain.



I believed her threat. Even though she was starting to frighten me, my cock 

continued to throb.



"So you fantasized about ass worship, did you? Well, get ready for your first 

session, slut!" she said, as she slowly removed her outfit.



God, was she beautiful! She got on top of the bed face down in a slow, feline, 

seductive manner. I instinctively climbed onto the bed and moved in towards her.



"I wanted your first ass worship session to be a special and unforgettable 

experience for you, so I didn't shower since last night! When you fantasized 

about giving your mistress tongue baths, did you ever think about how ripe 

armpits, ass holes, pussies, and feet can get?" she asked deviously.



I remained silent.



"So, you have thought about it! You really are a sick puppy! Well...I guess I 

don't have to understand it to enjoy it!" she laughed.



I knelt on the bed and waited.



"Get your nose in there!" she demanded, as she spread her legs.



I moved in and just barely touched her ass with the tip of my nose.



"Stop there! Take a deep breath, slut! Breathe in slowly and deeply for a 

while!" she instructed.



Her ass was ripe, and I became even further intoxicated with submissive lust. 

She made me sniff her ass for another minute. Then she made me thoroughly lick 

the entire crack of her ass, working my way into her ass hole. She tasted 

bitter, but the intense fever of my submissive humiliation allowed me to enjoy 

the experience. Soon, she had me deep tonguing her ass. I eagerly tongue fucked 

her asshole for many long minutes, until she turned over and forced me to 

worship her ripe pussy as well. She came several times.



Due to my heightened excitement, my butt plug fell out just before her last 

orgasm. When she came, I came along with her by rubbing my cock on the bed. When 

she found out a few minutes later, she was absolutely furious! By then, most of 

my cum had soaked into the sheets. She made me lick up what little cum remained, 

and promised that I would be punished the next day for cumming without her 

permission.



Then she put the plug into my mouth and forced me to hold it there for the rest 

of the night. She made me sleep the entire night on the floor at the foot of the 

bed with the plug in my mouth.





Chapter 3



I woke up to the alarm. Terri must have set it after I had fallen asleep. It was 

only 7AM.



"Get up and fix me some breakfast, slut!" she demanded.



I got up and walk towards the bathroom.



"Where do you think you're going?" she asked.



"I have to take a leak!" I replied.



"You'll take a leak when I give you permission to. Now put that plug back in 

your mouth and get to work!" she demanded.



I did as I was told. I prepared her breakfast, and brought it to her as quickly 

as possible. I looked at her with pleading eyes. She looked at me and laughed.



"You have to piss pretty badly, don't you?" she asked.



I nodded my head in agreement, and she laughed again.



"Go ahead, you may go," she finally said.



I ran to the bathroom to relieve myself. After pissing like a racehorse, I 

returned to her.



"Hungry?" she asked.



I nodded my head in agreement.



"Well, I may allow you to eat my leftovers later on if you are obedient. I'll 

let you go down and have your coffee now. You may shit, shower and shave 

afterwards. We will have company later at 6, and we have plenty of preparation 

to do," she explained.



After I showered and shaved, Terri had me get dressed. She made me wear lacy 

panties under my clothes. She took me shopping to several lingerie and women's 

clothing stores to buy lingerie, outfits and accessories for myself. She made me 

deal directly with the clerks as she watched from a distance. To increase my 

humiliation, she selected the youngest and prettiest clerk from each store for 

me to approach.



Each time, I had to admit that the articles were for me. The stifled giggles and 

snickers were numerous, adding to my already overwhelming humiliation.



Terri then took me downtown to a fetish shop, where she picked out a French 

Maid's outfit. Unlike the lingerie stores, the fetish shop allowed me to try on 

the outfit. Judging by the way the clerk treated me with relative indifference, 

it seemed likely that these people had already seen just about everything. 

Nevertheless, it was still humiliating for me!



Terri momentarily had me believing that she would force me to wear the outfit 

out of the shop. Thank God she backed off after having a good laugh at my 

reaction! It later occurred to me that the attention we would have received 

probably would have embarrassed her as much as it would have embarrassed me.



By the time we arrived home at 3pm, I was exhausted from the emotional drain of 

my shopping ordeal. Also, she still hadn't allowed me to eat anything all day. 

The moment we went inside, I reminded her of that fact. She then allowed me to 

finish the scraps she had left over at breakfast.



The food was woefully insufficient to curb my appetite. When I complained about 

it, she explained that she wanted me extra weak for our company later. When I 

questioned her about this, she simply explained that Xenia said it would make me 

more submissive and take most of the resistance out of me.



Terri then had me spend the next 3 hours cleaning the house while wearing my new 

French Maid's outfit. She wanted the house spotless before our company arrived. 

She then had me take another shower.



Afterwards, she dressed me up in a particularly slutty looking outfit I had been 

forced to purchase earlier. It was a silky, tight fitting, one piece mini dress 

that left three fourths of my thighs exposed. She had me wear panties and bra 

underneath, and stockings with a garter belt This time she applied make up too.



After she fixed the wig, Terri had me stand in front of the full length mirror 

to take a good long look at myself. At first, both my face and my slender 178 

pound body looked almost passable with the stuffed bra underneath my dress. As I 

walked up closer to the mirror, however, my face just looked like a guy in drag, 

even with the make up. Nevertheless, my smooth, hairless body began to feel very 

sexy underneath the feminine clothing.



The doorbell rang at 6 sharp.



"Go answer the door!" Terri instructed.



"B-but..," I started to protest, but Terri interrupted.



"Don't give me any fucking back talk, slut! Do it!" she demanded.



I nervously walked to the door. I stood there for a moment. The bell rang again.



"Open the fucking door!" Terri screamed.



I sheepishly opened the door to find Xenia and Peter standing there.



Peter just looked at me and chuckled. My stomach churned. I hadn't expected him.



"Don't ever again make me ring this bell twice! Do you understand?" Xenia asked. 

"Yes," I replied.



They walked right past me, carrying what appeared to be video equipment. Terri 

walked into the living room to greet them. She then embraced Peter, and gave him 

a long, deep kiss. I felt pangs of jealousy and humiliation strike me.



"You did a nice job on him, or should I say her," Xenia mused while removing her 

trench coat.



She wore the very same dominatrix attire as she did the night before. But now in 

the daylight, I noticed that her body was particularly well defined. The woman 

was clearly a bodybuilder. We went up to the master bedroom, where they quickly 

set up the camera on a tripod. Within a minute, the film was rolling.



"So how did it go last night?" Xenia asked Terri.



"Pretty well, except that he came without my permission," Terri responded.



"He did what?" Xenia retorted.



"He came while eating my pussy," Terri explained.



"Was he stroking himself?" Xenia asked.



"I don't think so. I think it was involuntary," Terri replied.



Xenia looked straight in my eyes and asked, "Were you stroking or rubbing your 

cock against anything?"



"No," I lied.



"I find this hard to believe, but I will not question Terri's judgment. You will 

still be punished for cumming without permission, but far less severely than if 

you had voluntarily came!" Xenia explained to me.



"How far did you get with the butt plugs last night?" Xenia asked Terri.



"We used the small and medium ones," Terri replied.



"How did his pussy handle them?" Xenia smirked.



"He shit both of them out," Terri explained.



"Oh he did, did he? And did you enforce the standard punishment for this?" Xenia 

asked, obviously taking charge.



"Yes, both times," Terri responded.



I could see a twinkle of approval in Xenia's eyes.



"Well, let's see how he does with the largest one! May I have it please?" Xenia 

asked Terri.



Terri quickly produced it along with a tube of lubricant and handed it to Xenia.



"Get up on the bed, pull up your dress, pull down your panties, and present your 

pussy to me," Xenia instructed.



Terri aimed the camera at me as I assumed the position. Xenia instructed me to 

lower my head and shoulders, then arch my back when I present my pussy. She also 

instructed that future demands for this position would be expressed simply by 

the word "present".



Satisfied with my position, she approached me and applied ample lubricant along 

the crack of my ass. She wasted no time probing the huge plug into my asshole. 

But it took her several minutes of pushing, pulling and twisting to work the 

widest part of the plug through the rim of my asshole. I groaned loudly and 

shuddered visibly as it passed through. Then I moaned softly as she pushed the 

rest of the plug in. By then, my cock was rock hard. The three of them laughed, 

and I flushed with humiliation.



Xenia then slid her hands under my dress until she found my bra. She then worked 

her hands under my bra and forcefully squeezed and tweaked my nipples. I 

whimpered in pain, and my cock momentarily softened to a semi erect state. It 

was obvious that Terri had learned this trick from her.



"That'll keep you conscious of your tits as well as your stuffed pussy!" she 

exclaimed.



Terri snickered upon hearing this.



"Now pull up your panties, and pull down your dress. Then kneel on the floor at 

the foot of the bed, facing the bed," Xenia instructed.



I could feel the fullness of the huge plug with every movement I made. My cock 

completely rebounded. Pangs of jealousy and humiliation struck me as I watched 

Terri and Peter quickly undress and climb onto the bed. I quickly realized what 

was about to happen.



"Watching my wife being fucked by another man was never a fantasy of mine. Stop 

this!" I exclaimed.



"But being forced to watch your dominant woman being fucked by her lover is one 

of your fantasies. I remember your exact words, Mike. You said that your 

dominant woman would deserve all the pleasure that she's willing to pursue! I 

knew right then and there that your head was in the right place! That's what I 

liked most about you, Mike. Now, need I remind you that your wife IS your 

dominant woman? You need to be broken this weekend, slut, and this is all a part 

of breaking you," Xenia responded.



Terri and Peter deep kissed for a while. Then she began sucking his enormous 

cock. I burned hot with jealousy and shame.



"Watch her closely, slut. You'll be doing that soon!" Xenia mused.



Was she referring to her dildo, or a cock? The thought soon passed as I was 

forced to watch Terri deep throat the full length of Peter's cock. Even though 

my cock is much smaller than his, Terri never came close to deep-throating me. 

Her closely trimmed pussy soon started to glisten with juices.



"Ask Peter to please fuck your Goddess wife now, slut! Ask him to please fuck 

her until she cums over and over again!" Xenia demanded.



"P-please fuck my Goddess wife now. Please fuck her until she cums over and over 

again," I repeated, burning with humiliation.



Xenia laughed wickedly.



Terri moaned as Peter parted her cunt lips with his huge cock. Then she quivered 

as he slowly buried his cock deep inside her. Soon, he was fucking her. I 

couldn't believe how many times she came in the course of the next few minutes. 

She completely lost it during her last orgasm, and began screaming at the top of 

her lungs. She even dug her nails deep enough into his back to draw small beads 

of blood. That put him over the edge, and he came along with her. He grunted and 

groaned and he continued to solidly pump her during his orgasm. When spent, they 

embraced each other's sweaty body, and kissed languidly.



"You never made her cum like that, did you?" Xenia asked me.



She was right. Even though Terri and I had experienced many wonderful lovemaking 

episodes together, none ever quite reached the fever pitch of what I had just 

witnessed. I burned with envy and shame.



"Answer me!" Xenia demanded.



"N-no," I admitted.



"And in your submissive fantasies, your dominant woman deserved all the pleasure 

that she was willing to pursue, didn't she?" she asked.



"Yes," I replied.



"Yes, her pleasure was the focus of your fantasies. And that's the way it should 

be! Therefore, you should want Peter to fuck Terri as often as she wishes! You 

saw how much pleasure it gave her, didn't you?" Xenia asked.



"Yes," I admitted.



"Then ask Peter to please fuck your Goddess wife as often as she wishes," she 

instructed.



"Please fuck my Goddess wife as often as she wishes," I repeated.



"Don't you worry about that, I intend to!" Peter responded.



"Yes, and often!" Terri added.



Xenia's wicked laugh further fueled my humiliation to an even higher pitch. But 

they were far from being done with me.



"OK slut, pull down your panties again and pull out your butt plug," Xenia 

instructed.



As I did this, I watched Peter get off the bed and Terri position herself in the 

middle of the bed face up. I shuddered as I pulled the widest part of the plug 

through the rim of my asshole. Xenia quickly took the plug from me. When I 

started to pull my panties back up, she told me to leave my panties down and to 

kneel on the foot end of the bed facing Terri.



As I complied, Terri slowly spread her legs.



"Present!" Xenia commanded.



I lowered my head and shoulders, and arched my back as I had previously been 

instructed to. Assuming this position brought my face between Terri's mid 

thighs.



"Now take a good look at your wife's well fucked pussy, slut," Xenia instructed.



I stared at her swollen, gaping wide, and sloppy wet pussy. I could feel the 

heat, and smell the aroma of sex.



"You're going to suck every last drop of cum out of her well fucked pussy, 

slut!" Xenia instructed.



"Oh my God," I responded.



"You mean, oh my Goddess!" Xenia corrected, then laughed.



"I didn't write about anything like this!" I protested.



"You're right, you didn't. But you admitted it under hypnosis. And just to make 

sure that you never forget your first experience, I'm going to fuck your pussy 

with my strap on dildo while you're sucking your Goddess clean! Aren't you glad 

to have such an innovative bitch goddess like me around? Now move in as closely 

to her pussy as possible and inhale deeply!" Xenia instructed.



I moved my body forward until my nose was just an inch away from her sloppy, 

gaping hole, and deeply inhaled. The aroma of sex was powerfully pungent. All of 

a sudden, I felt Xenia wiping the crack of my ass with a towel, and reapplying 

fresh lubricant. I heard her squeeze more jelly out of the tube, and assumed 

that she was lubricating her dildo with it.



I felt the bed move as Xenia moved into position behind me. Then she placed the 

tip of her dildo against my asshole and gently pushed. It slid in relatively 

easy compared to the huge plug I had just removed. Xenia stopped after she 

filled my ass with her dildo.



"Doesn't that feel nice and warm? It's battery heated! Now start sucking, slut!" 

she instructed.



Her dildo indeed felt very warm. After a few more seconds, it felt almost hot. 

She then leaned forward with the dildo still buried deep inside me, pushing my 

face into Terri's sloppy cunt. I obediently, but cautiously started sucking and 

lapping up the opaque juices on her cunt lips.



Xenia started to slowly fuck my ass, kneading my asscheeks with her strong 

hands. My cock was throbbing and aching for release. I didn't think my 

submissive fever could grow any hotter, but I was mistaken. Soon, even my 

caution waned and I actually wanted to suck Terri clean. I began to eagerly lick 

and suck her clean Xenia encouraged me on, as my tongue easily slid deep inside 

her gaping hole. I worked as much cum into my mouth as possible, and hungrily 

swallowed it. I cupped my hands under Terri asscheeks and lifted her to suck 

clean the cum that had dripped down the crack of her ass. Then I worked my 

tongue back up to her pussy. I felt disappointed when Xenia withdrew her hot 

dildo from my ass.



"Lay down on your back now, slut. We are going to let gravity help us finish the 

job!" Xenia instructed.



Terri immediately moved out of the way to make room for me on the bed. I laid 

down where Terri had been, but Xenia had me slide down towards the foot of the 

bed until my legs were hanging almost completely off the bed. Terri then 

straddled herself over me facing my feet, and lowered her pussy over my face.



"Lift up your knees!" Xenia demanded of me.



I lifted them up, and Terri placed her hands just under my kneecaps to push my 

now folded legs slightly apart, and further towards my head. My ass was now 

exposed for Xenia's benefit, and she wasted no time plunging her hot dildo deep 

up my ass again.



Terri and Xenia swapped spit as Xenia fucked me. I continued to suck the 

remaining cum out of Terri's gaping pussy. A huge, sticky glob of cum oozed out 

onto my tongue, and I eagerly swallowed it.



Soon, I could tell that Terri was producing fresh, clear juice. She was very 

turned on, so I directed my attention to her clit. A minute later, she came 

hard, grinding her clit onto my outstretched tongue. My whole body was 

trembling, and I was close to cumming myself.



Terri let go of my legs and turned herself around so that she now faced me. 

Xenia stopped thrusting, but kept the hot dildo buried deep inside me.



"You fucking slut, you actually enjoyed that! I never would have believed it if 

I didn't see it myself!" she said, looking me in the eyes.



I was flush with feverish humiliation. Terri then covered my face with her pussy 

again.



"OK, you pathetic cum slut! Since you liked it so much, I'm going to give you 

something to wash it down with now! If you spill any of it on the bed, you are 

going to be severely punished!" she warned.



"Oh God, don't!" I pleaded, but Terri covered my mouth with her pussy.



"Grab my ass with your hands, and pull me tightly against your lips! You'd 

better form an airtight suction around my clit and drink it as fast as I give it 

to you, you pathetic cumslut!" she warned.



The moment Xenia started fucking me again, Terri let go and started pissing into 

my mouth. Her stream was hot and acrid tasting, but I sucked and swallowed it 

without losing any.



"That's right, my piss slave, drink up!" Terri encouraged.



After what seemed an eternity, her stream finally weakened to a slight trickle 

and stopped. She abruptly got up off of me.



Xenia pulled her hot dildo out of my ass. She then forced me to kneel on the 

floor before her and suck the dildo clean. I felt very weak from a lack of food, 

but I continued on until Terri and Peter reentered the bedroom several minutes 

later.



"You may stop now, slut!" Xenia said.



Terri and Peter both had wet hair and were wrapped in bath towels. They 

obviously had taken a quick shower.



My cock was dripping with pre cum, and terribly sore from its' constant 

throbbing. I begged for release, but would have none.



I spent the next two hours serving them food and drinks as they replayed all the 

videos that they had taped of me, including the ones from Xenia's office. Of 

course, they made sure that I was always within earshot of their humiliating 

comments, snickers, and laughs.



After the videos were finally over, they finally allowed me to eat. The food 

gave me an immediate blood sugar rush. I was asked if I wanted to go to the 

bathroom before they tied me up for the night. I took advantage of the 

opportunity, and quickly returned to them.



I was lead to the bedroom adjoining the master bedroom, and instructed to lie 

down on the bed. Xenia quickly tied my hands behind my back. She was about to 

insert a penis gag into my mouth.



"Will I be allowed to cum tonight?" I asked in my last moment of oral freedom.



She inserted the penis gag into my mouth.



"No, you will not be allowed to cum tonight. But you did well today. If you obey 

and perform tomorrow as well as you did today, I will allow you to cum tomorrow 

night. Do you know how I want to see you cum?" she asked, as she finished 

fastening my gag.



I nodded my head to the negative.



"I want to see you cum into your own mouth. You think about that tonight as you 

listen to us fuck," she sneered.



With that, she got up off the bed and walked out of the room with Terri and 

Peter following. Of course, they left the door open behind them. They went 

straight into the master bedroom and left their door open too.



I was forced to lie there listening to them enjoy glorious sex for hours before 

I finally fell asleep. Could I blame them? After all, they were just giving me 

what I had wished for.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





