BDSM Library - At the Movies




At the Movies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex






At the Movies



You met me in one of the private booths in back. The screen came on and rolled 

the movie I had selected. It was a story about a massage parlor, and when the 

housewife went in and was surprised to get a woman to serve her, I wrapped my 

arms around you and cupped your breasts, hefting them and letting my fingers 

define their contours. Your breathing got slow as you watched the housewife 

slowly strip, and I lifted the front of your skirt to run my hand down and up 

your leg, ending at your panties which were already damp.



The woman doing the massage was rubbing and kissing the housewife's perky bottom 

now, and I matched her motions by kissing your neck while I leaned you back 

against me so I could work my finger into your panties and your hot slit. I 

rubbed my finger up, down, sometimes in just a little, and you started writhing 

from side to side. By this time the woman in the movie had the housewife's legs 

over her shoulder and she was tonguing the woman until she cried out and pounded 

her hands against the massage table. You took my other hand off your breast and 

pressed it to your mouth, muffling your own cries as your other hand pushed mine 

so I was slicking my finger down and rubbing my palm against your clit. You 

shook hard several times and bit my palm a little...



You wiggled in my lap as my finger swirled in your soppy slit, The movie had 

changed scenes without our paying strict attention and now there were three 

women in the massage room. The housewife was on her back and one woman was 

squeezing her breasts while the other was sliding a large grey dildo in and out 

of her. The housewife was moaning loud, and I slipped my finger fully inside 

you, moving it in and out in rhythm with the action on the screen. You finished 

unbuttoning your blouse and slid your bra cups up and off to caress your own 

breasts as I did this.



The woman with the dildo pressed it deep inside the housewife and leaned down to 

suck her clit, while at the other end the woman massaging the housewife's 

breasts climbed up on the table and lowered her crotch to receive the 

housewife's tongue. I could hear your breath coming in short pants, and I worked 

a second finger in between your legs. You began rhythmically squeezing your legs 

around my hand, tight then loose, tighter then loose, and when the woman on the 

table started shaking all over you grabbed my hand and moved it in and out fast. 

You shook once, twice, then rubbed your ass hard from side to side against my 

crotch as you came, quietly, breathing hard...



You sat in my lap, leaning back against me as your breath returned to normal. On 

the screen the two women had tied the housewife's arms onto the table and were 

tickling her with feathers. I watched the scene as you got up and asked me to 

trade places. When I stood, you quickly undid my belt and zipper, and tugged my 

pants down before letting my sit on the bench in front of you. You slid your 

cool hands into my briefs, moving your fingers down to play with each of my 

testicles. I was already hard, and the visual stimulation on the screen only 

enhanced the tactile stimulation of your fingers.



You left one hand casually stroking the bottom of my ball sac as you withdrew 

the other one. I watched the women on the screen lift the housewife's legs, 

wondering, when your hand returned to the inside of my briefs, warm and 

sticky-wet. You clasped me, making a loose fist, and started moving your grip 

down and up my shaft, coming almost all the way off the head on the upstroke. I 

opened my legs wider and breathed a low "aaahhhhh" as my erection grew. You took 

advantage of my spread legs to wiggle your fingers down to the soft spot between 

my balls and my ass, and I lifted my hips involuntarily when you teased me there 

with a sharp fingernail.



Your fingers and palms were working me quickly into a lather, and when I opened 

my eyes again I gasped at the scene on the screen. One woman had her face and 

tongue nestled between the housewife's nether globes while the other was slowly 

working an extremely large dildo in and out of the housewife's pussy. The camera 

zoomed and I could see her labia stretched and tugging as the woman would pull 

it out. That was the last straw, as I groaned and said "ohmy... ohhh I'm... 

gonna..."



"I know," you said, and you started lightly squeezing my balls with one hand as 

you slid your other hand up and down. My groin muscles spasmed and I jerked my 

hips, thrusting up and back at your hand, sending wave after wave of sticky hot 

semen up onto your wrist and hand, soaking my briefs (good thing you took down 

my pants) and dripping down inside where your other hand rubbed the creamy stuff 

into my balls. I closed my eyes as my jerks slowly grew farther between and 

slower, less intense. Finally we sat there, your right hand lightly stroking my 

balls as the movie came to an end and I heard you say, "So what's the second 

feature?"





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rajah Dodger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





