BDSM Library -  Barb the Bitch




 Barb the Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bi sex, D/s, Threesome






Barb the Bitch





My wife, Erica, and I are doms. While both of us being doms has provided more 

than its share of conflicts, we both enjoy life to its fullest.



This story is a little different than most stories in that it is intended to be 

interactive. The story is meant to be read by a female sub. At points, 

instructions to the reader/sub are given so that the reader/sub will appreciate 

the story all the more. INSTRUCTIONS ARE IN CAPITALS. If you have comments about 

the story or technique, you may e-mail us.



To fully experience this story, you will need the following: at least four 

clothes pins, a length of rope, and a dildo.



My wife's High School reunion was fast approaching and she did not want to go. 

All during High School she had been tormented by Barbara. Barbara was perfect, 

at least in her own mind, and she took great pains to put everyone else down. 

Erica, my wife, was one of her prime targets for all four years and Erica did 

not look forward to meeting "Barb the Bitch" (as my wife called her) again.



I finally convinced her that a lot of water had gone under the bridge and that 

people change. Reluctantly she agreed and we made the proper reservations and 

flight arrangements. Erica was tense about the situation; especially when she 

learned that Barb had married the football champ who was now a doctor. Talk 

about pressure. I know I am no trophy husband, now I was beginning to feel 

challenged.



We arrived at the hotel and checked into the room, a nice room on the fourth 

floor overlooking the courtyard. Erica went to the window and was admiring the 

view when she gasped and called out to me. I joined her and found the room she 

was pointing to. There was Barb in the act, but, it wasn't her husband!



The opportunity was too much to ignore, out came the camera and with the help of 

the telephoto lens, a roll of film was quickly used. Now, how to use this 

leverage to its best advantage?



Erica and I planned out the evening, rather, I should say that Erica planned out 

the evening. As the Italians say, "revenge is a dish best served cold".



A trip to the one-hour photo and then to the hardware store was quickly made. We 

then took another room at the hotel under "Dr. and Mrs. Smithe" (I liked the "e" 

on Smith, I am pure class). A copy of the photos were put in an envelope. On the 

back of one of the photos was the Smithe room number and the time, 11:00. The 

envelope was sealed and left for Barb at the front desk.



The rest of the day, Erica and I did some sightseeing at her home town, but, 

both of us kept coming back to the plans for the night. Night finally came and 

finally about 9:00 we went to the Smithe room with our equipment and waited.



A minute after 11:00 there was a knock on the door. The lights were all off in 

the room so when Barb entered, she was totally blind for a minute. Erica assured 

her blindness with a blindfold while I closed and latched the door.



Barb's petite little body tightened as I instructed her to stand perfectly 

still. Both of us walked around her a couple of times: I have to admit, she does 

have a perfectly proportioned body and standing there with a blindfold on 

aroused me. Her black cocktail dress was obviously expensive and fit her body to 

a T.



She was instructed to remove all of her clothes. Barb took a gasp, waited an 

instant to access her situation and then she slowly started to disrobe.



YOU ARE TO TAKE OFF ALL OF YOUR CLOTHES BEFORE READING ANY FURTHER.



Barb now stood before Erica and I totally naked except for her blindfold. She 

probably knew that there were at least two people in the room, but, that was 

all.



Erica took the rope and looped it around her waist with the free-ends passing 

over Barb's pussy, up her ass, and then to Barb's hands which were tied behind 

her. Barb's breathing increased, but she made no move to resist or escape.



WITH THE LENGTH OF ROPE, TIE IT AROUND YOUR WAIST AND THEN ACROSS YOUR PUSSY TO 

YOUR BACK. THEN REACH BEHIND YOU AND PULL UP ON THE ROPE SO THAT IT BITES INTO 

YOUR PUSSY.



Erica eased Barb onto her knees. The scene was too much. Petite, prim, and 

proper Barb, on her knees all trussed up naked in a strange room. The camera 

came to good use now as we snapped several keep-sake photos. As the flash would 

pop, Barb could see the light and know she was being photographed and would jerk 

a little.



JERK THE ROPE THROUGH YOUR CROTCH THREE TIMES



Erica and I then took off our own clothes. I just love a good blow job and Barb 

was going to give me one. I moved around in front of her and lifted her chin as 

I rubbed my cock's head across her lips. They opened immediately and gobbled me. 

No encouragement was needed.



TAKE THE DILDO INTO YOUR MOUTH AND SUCK ON IT.



Erica attached the clothes pins to Barbs protruding nipples. The pain only 

momentarily slowed Barb's sucking of my dick.



ATTACH THE CLOTHES PINS TO YOUR NIPPLES AND CONTINUE SUCKING ON THE DILDO.



The whole experience was too much for me. I pulled my cock from Barb's mouth and 

shot my load over her face and into her perfectly styled hair. Barb then licked 

me clean which started getting me hard again.



Erica was not to be left out of the fun. Erica untied Barb's hands and retied 

them at her waist. Barb was then laid down onto her beautiful gown face up and 

Erica knelt over Barb's face and offered her a taste of Erica's pussy. No 

hesitation, Barb's tongue rocketed out. Erica ground her pussy into Barb's face.



Barb's writhing body was getting me all the more excited. When I touched Barb's 

pussy, her legs spread inviting me in. Two fingers sought out the wetness which 

I then removed and held to Erica's waiting lips. PUT TWO FINGERS INTO YOUR PUSSY 

AND THEN LICK THEM CLEAN.



Barb's hips were too inviting and I moved between them and entered her in one 

stroke.



PUT THE DILDO INTO YOUR PUSSY



While Erica was being eaten by Barb, I was fucking her with all my might. Erica 

and I, now face to face, shared a long kiss. I could smell Barb on her mouth. We 

jerked the clothes pins from Barb's nipples. Barb now started cumming hard as 

Erica climaxed onto her face. Their actions sent me over and I shot my load into 

Barb.



Erica was happy, I was spent, Barb was content. One last task. We helped Barb to 

her feet and untied her. She was a sight, even with my cum on her face and hair, 

she was still a striking beauty, now she seemed to have a contented glow as 

well.



Opening the door, we quickly removed the blindfold and shoved the naked Barb 

into the hall and then threw her clothes out to her. Fortunately for her, at 

2:00 in the morning there was nobody in the hall. We shut the door.



Erica watched Barb through the peep hole. She said that Barb stood there, dazed, 

for a moment or two, then collected her clothes and walked off down the hall, 

still naked.



The next night was the reception for the reunion. Erica and I met Barb and her 

husband, "for the first time". Erica said that Barb was in the very best of 

manners.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hanley Strapmann


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





