BDSM Library - Barb and Adam




Barb and Adam
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: B/D, S/M, Lesbian sex, Toys, D/s






Barb and Adam





Part 1



Barb sighed with relief as she walked in the door. Another long day at the Post 

office was finally done, and she was home. Her keys and purse fell onto a chair, 

a dreamy smile crossing her lips as she anticipated the E-mail that was surely 

awaiting her. He was so very good at writing them. Her hands traveled across her 

hips a she savored the tightness of her pants and t-shirt, imagining it was his 

hands that were touching her. Another sigh, this one of pleasure rather than 

relief, escaped her lips.



A giggle escaped her as she began to make her hurried way to her room, hungry to 

read the latest installment from his delightfully twisted mind. When she opened 

the door to her room, she stepped through before she fully registered what she 

saw before her. Barb gasped, staring at the man before her, who was holding a 

very sharp sword to her throat. He smiled at her slowly.



"Close the door behind you Barb," he said, his voice deep and firm.



Gulping, she obeyed. It can't be him. She thought to herself as she studied the 

man. No, she recognized that face from his pictures. It was him. He was wearing 

tan slacks and a dark green long sleeved button down shirt, short cropped brown 

hair, and incredibly deep brown eyes. Standing at about 6', he couldn't have 

weighed more than 175, Thin, but with toned flesh filling him out slightly.



"Sit," he commanded, and she obeyed slowly, trembling slightly in a mixture of 

fear and anticipation, with a touch of anger. It has to be him, who else would 

do this to me? But how dare he with out warning me! She was doing her best to 

work up her anger, trying no to let on to her arousal caused by her secret 

desire.



"Adam, please, don't do this," she said softly, having a fair idea of what he 

planned to do, because she'd encouraged him to want to take her like that.



His smile twitched wider at her words. "Now what did I tell you would happen if 

we ever met, based on all the desires you whispered to me across the internet? I 

told you that no word of yours would dissuade me because," Now the blade that he 

had held to her throat dipped down, catching at the fabric of her shirt. "I know 

how much you want to be taken by force."



Her shirt didn't conveniently tear from the neck down like in the movies, but 

the tip of the sword caught the fabric between her breasts, where it resisted 

and bunched against the edge momentarily before parting under that pressure.



She closed her eyes briefly, trying to not panic at the sound of her tearing 

clothes, her imagination conjuring images of her flesh being cut just as easily.



"Please, no," came her hoarse plead. But he seemed to ignore her words, and the 

tip of that damned sword pushed into her chest slowly but firmly, forcing her to 

yield and be pushed down to lie out on the bed. He kneeled over her, and twisted 

the blade to slide into and underneath the tear in her t-shirt. With a sharp 

yank, he cut through the remaining fabric, and brought the sword back down in a 

smooth arc that ended with the edge pressed tightly against her throat.



Her eyes opened slowly to watch him, her fears and fantasies mixing to come to 

life before her. An involuntary flinch shuddered its way through her when he 

slammed a dagger into the pillow on each side of her head. The one to her left 

was a wickedly sharp curved blade like one would see in a knife collector's 

magazine, and the one to her right was styled to fit renaissance clothing, with 

a blade of bright stainless steel but dulled edges. The point however seemed 

sharp enough.



Adam now ignored the daggers, smiling down at her before sliding a hand along 

her exposed chest.



"You've made me wait a long time for this Barb. I decided it was time to claim 

what I wanted."



His left hand explored its way under the scraps of her shirt, gently cupping her 

right breast, fondling and massaging it before letting his finger and thumb find 

her nipple. A gasp of pleasure escaped her, his touch some how both knowing and 

experimental and she knew why. It matched with what he had already told her 

before. So very hard to believe Adam had once been a quiet shy boy, and part of 

her wondered how much of his change was due to her influence.



Barb whimpered as his free hand continued to explore her body's responses to 

pleasure, taking time to get to know both of her breasts. Her sigh was of both 

relief and disappointment when she could no longer feel his touch. That sound 

quickly changed to one of surprise as his hand slid under her pants, forcing 

it's way into the tight confines between the fabric and her flesh. She squirmed, 

helpless beneath him for far more reasons than the sharp metal pressed to her 

throat. Those long fingers probed along the ridges of flesh between her legs, 

parting the tender lips of her pussy apart before sliding into her moist depths. 

And she was so very wet, the true sign of her arousal, despite her initial 

protests. Then his hand withdrew, bringing her silky sweet taste to his lips, 

his tongue teasing her by caressing the sticky juice from his fingers.



"Now that was a taste I've been eager to take for far to long now. And I am 

going to take so much more." His eyes swept over her body with lustful 

covetousness.



While she struggled to think of something to say that would get him to stop, he 

pulled out a small, sharp Kershaw pocketknife, snapping the folding blade open 

with a practiced movement of his thumb.



"This is going to be fun Sweets," he whispered before deftly cutting away the 

remnants of her shirt, then sawed through the front of her pants. Adam grinned 

at her, and stabbed the sharp little blade into the pillow next to her head. 

"Don't be getting any idea into your head now of what to do with that knife."



Remembered images flashed through her mind, images the had shared through 

writing across the internet, of her using one of his many blades against him, 

the blood welling from his skin as she leaned down to lick the wounds, teasing 

him closer to climax. Her memories were interrupted by her pants being dragged 

down her legs, sliding easily off with the front cut open. When Barb realized 

that he was no longer holding a sword to her throat, she started to sit up. But 

when his eyes met hers, she froze, unable to look away as he began to strip. Her 

lips parted, watching him do what she had wanted to see for to long. Each button 

came undone slowly, exposing more and more of his chest, covered with that layer 

of soft dark hair that had been described before.



Lips parting unconsciously, she watched with a hypnotized look when he first 

threw his shirt to the side, and then kicked off his shoes. Only his pants 

remained, and her eyes dropped involuntarily to the conspicuous bulge contained 

in the front of those slacks.



"Don't," she whispered futilely, knowing he would ignore her. The slacks slid 

down his legs, allowing him to step free of them, his swollen cock swaying while 

he walked towards her.



Her tongue darted out nervously to moisten her lips, eyes glancing up to meet 

his. He hadn't lied about this either. He was incredibly huge, but he was 

definitely in the upper range of average. More memories of stories and self 

descriptions exchanged crowded at her mind, the one most prominent being a 

flavor description, ascribing the taste of Cream of Mushroom soup to his cum. It 

all seemed to unreal, like it couldn't be happening, that she shouldn't let it 

happen.



"No, Adam, please stop, wait a moment," she said as she backed away, turning to 

slide off the other side of the bed.



He lunged forward, catching her arm and yanking her backwards to sprawl across 

her sheets face down. Even as she started to rise again, one knee came down 

forcefully on her lower back, pinning her with a cruel force. Fear and pain sent 

her heart racing as she struggled futilely underneath him. One of his hands 

pressed against the back of her head, blinding her by burying her face into a 

pillow while he leaned away for a moment.



When he released his grip on the back of her head, she didn't have time before 

the first stinging lash of the Cat-o'nine-tails struck her shoulders. A muffled 

cry escaped her lips, the sudden pain bringing tears to her eyes. Again and 

again the nine-tailed small whip lashed out, drawing up painful welts, 

immobilizing her with the shear level of the pain produced. The lashes went 

across her body, with each lash lower than the last, slowly making his way down 

her back. Her hips twitched up when that whip met her buttocks, the pale tender 

flesh quivering under the blow. And with each stinging whip to her butt, her 

hips rose higher, presenting herself to him, the intense pain drawing out the 

deep masochism that she had confessed over her computer so many months ago. He 

pained moan of tormented pleasure were muffled by her pillow, but Adam heard 

them, the sweet sound driving him to whip her harder till blood ran freely down 

her thighs.



The whip fell from his hand finally as he stood there panting, examining his 

work. Leaning over he was able to see the juice dripping out of her pussy, 

mingling with the blood that covered her thighs in rivulets of crimson. Gently 

Adam reached out to caress the tenderized flesh, drawing out another pained 

whisper of desire from her. Wordlessly, he kneeled behind her, deep brown eyes 

hungry with his growing lust. So carefully he position himself behind her, the 

head of his cock pressing lightly against the spread petals of her moist pussy. 

He breath hastened, her heart beating fast in anticipation of what was to come. 

She knew this was going to happen from the moment she saw him, and she wanted it 

as badly as she had ever craved to be seduced by the arousing words he put onto 

her computer.



And he waited, controlling himself to the point of pulling back when she tried 

to push herself onto him. Waited, until she begged, looking over he shoulders 

imploringly at him. "Please, Adam, please do it. Fuck me already."



His hand smacked across her fresh and bleeding wounds, drawing out a surprised 

yelp from her.



"Please, who?" he asked, holding her gaze. She knew what words he wanted to here 

from her, they had talked about such things so many times before. Now was the 

time to live up to what she had said. Barb's head bowed, hiding her face behind 

her hair.



"Please master, fuck me." The words were hardly out of her mouth before he was 

thrusting his cock between her tight nether lips, penetrating her till his hips 

slammed into her bleeding butt. Hand clenched tightly to her sheets, barb pushed 

back against him, almost crying with the waves of mixed pleasure and pain she 

had been craving for so long.



His shaft slid in and out of her, glistening with the moisture of her growing 

pleasure, his breath loud and harsh, mingling with the sounds of her soft cries 

of pleasure. Blood heated, seemed almost to boil beneath his skin as it pumped 

through his veins. The primal rhythm of their bodies quickening in animal 

passion, he took her with increasing force towards climax.



Her pussy lips squeezed tightly around his cock when he thrust one last time 

into her, body shivering in orgasmic ecstasy as his hot cum exploded into her. 

His hands clenched tightly around her hips, holding himself deep inside of her 

warmth, letting waves of cum spill into her until his body finally relaxed. 

Sliding his gleaming wet shaft our of her, he then bent down to place a wet kiss 

on her bloody welts, tongue moving over each rounded buttock to lap at her 

blood, probing softly at her still raw wounds. "You taste delicious Barb." He 

murmured before dipping his head further down, turning his head to lick at the 

edges of her pussy lips, and lick at the sticky fluids flowing from her body.



Over whelmed by her most secret fantasies being so deliberately and almost 

cruelly brought to life around her, Barb didn't offer any resistance when Adam 

turned her onto her back, laying her spread eagle, helpless before him. Now she 

could see the gentle smile on his lips as he licked up her taste, in such 

incredible contrast to the brutal, savage lust for her body that lay behind his 

dark eyes.



It was then that he reached over to the table where he had laid out his various 

toys, and picked up a Celtic ceremonial Dagger. Startled eyes opened wide, lips 

parting as if to say something, but no word escaped her as the tip of that blade 

approached her right breast. Once again, she knew what he was going to do to her 

and didn't resist.



"I've been glad I bought this for you for a long time, and now I get to use it 

on you. About time, don't you think?"



While he spoke, Adam's blade moved slowly towards the tip of her breast, briefly 

toying with her already hardened nipple, before sliding to press against the 

dark flesh just below it. The entire weight of the blade rested on just that 

tip, enough to painfully indent her skin, but not quite enough to break it. 

Until he started adding pressure to the dagger, pressing it harder against her 

breasts till blood welled up around that sharp tip.



"Just as you always wanted," he whispered before pulling the dagger slowly free 

of her flesh. His tongue licked the bloody tip of the metal before his head 

dipped down to suckle on her nipple, draining her blood into his mouth at the 

same time. She gasped softly, eyes glazing slowly from the fresh mixture of 

pleasure and pain, her body surrendering to his ministrations once again.



This time her hands clenched his shoulders instead of her sheets, nails raking 

across his skin, her legs spreading farther out as fresh moisture gathered along 

her moist and waiting flesh. Relenting from the torment of her nipple, Adam 

kissed a wet trail down across her belly, licking ands sucking her belly button 

a moment before moving on to find her clit with his searching lips. Rolling over 

it gently with his tongue, he then suckled on her clit, savoring the sounds of 

her deepening pleasure. Her legs raised to wrap over his shoulders, crossing his 

back to encourage him while her hands moved to massage her aching breasts, 

reveling in the mixed pain and pleasure. Tenderly Adam lowered his lips, letting 

them kiss across the entrance to her pussy before his tongue darted out to 

caress the inner edges of those pink nether lips.



Probing carefully into those waiting folds of flesh, he tasted her fully, 

feeling almost giddy with delight when her hips arched to greet the pressure of 

his mouth. Eager to taste the full rush of her pleasure, he curled up the tip of 

his tongue, exploring along the upper walls of her pussy until he felt her 

shudder suddenly. Pushing against that area, his tongue glided back and forth 

till he had narrowed down her G-spot, and began fluttering the tip of his across 

it. She cried out, he hips bucking with growing lust moments before she came, 

her hot pussy juice smearing across his lips and cheeks as he buried his face 

deeper into her.



Suddenly, he pulled his head back, gasping for air. Then his eyes lowered to 

meet hers, his gaze burning with lustful hunger. Adam began moving up her body 

while her legs were still hanging over his shoulder. Barb gasped with the stress 

pain of her leg muscles being forced to stretch. Soon, her ankles were resting 

on his shoulders instead of her legs, with his face less than a foot away from 

hers. The position tightened both her pussy and her sphincter, both of which 

were already tightening with anticipation.



"Do it Adam," she breathed, encouraging him.



She'd only done it once before. A short cry forced its way through her lips as 

his cock forced its way into her tight asshole. He grunted heavily when her 

sphincter tightened in pain around his shaft, and pulled back to thrust himself 

further into her.



With every thrust he violated her deeper, plunging the head of his cock far up 

her as, each thrust painfully stretching her legs even more. And she encouraged 

him, whispering sweet moans up to him while her hands clutched tightly at his 

back, nails digging into his skin deeply enough to draw blood. She felt 

something tear, knew she was probably bleeding now, but it didn't matter. She 

wanted him to finish taking her, needed him to hurt her. The intense sensations 

rolling through her body reached a climax quickly, her pussy over flowing with 

her juices, which trailed down to coat his cock as it slid in and out of her 

ass. And then he came, that hot essence of his manhood pulsing in waves to fill 

her as he trembled, pushing and squirming to shove himself deeply into her 

before his body once more began to relax.



"Thank you, thank you master," she whispered, watching him with half-closed 

eyes, her body exhausted by the punishment that she had received, that he had 

promised to inflict upon her. The punishment she had confessed to him so many 

months ago that she craved. Her hands let go reluctantly when he pulled away 

from her, then stood where she could see the blood dripping from his cock. A 

shiver ran its way through her body, but she was to exhausted to move towards 

him, to take that bloody cock in her mouth, and clean it off, like she knew he 

wanted her too. So he moved to her, caressing her face before kneeling over her 

head, lowering his half-erect manhood down to caress her lips. The faint taste 

of blood seemed to revive her and those lips closed eagerly over his shaft, 

sucking him deeper into her mouth. Her groaned with the almost painful 

sensation, his cock still sensitive from its two recent ejaculations. But she 

didn't relent, sucking harder, her lips and tongue gliding over his shaft, 

cleaning it with a true slave's eagerness to please.



Soon he was panting, hands braced on bed and headboard to support himself, his 

legs feeling dangerously weak. Gods, how he wanted to see his cum filling her 

mouth, watch her eagerly swallow him down.



"That's it Babs, suck me dry. Make me come."



And she complied, her hands pulling on his hips to bring him closer, her eyes 

staring up at his to watch his own close with growing pleasure. He started 

trembling, gasping as an orgasm starting to build tormentingly slow. Her skilled 

enthusiasm pushed his endurance, challenging him to come again for her and he 

did, his hips thrusting down at her face as he orgasmed, fresh waves of Hot seed 

spilling forth, this time to feed her hunger to the taste of him. Hot white, 

slick semen filled her mouth before sliding over her tongue and down her throat. 

Face twisted in an expression almost indistinguishable from pain, Adam slowly 

drew back, letting her lick and tease the last drop out of his cock, the tip of 

her tongue teasing the small hole before he moved out of range.



Tired, he sat back, and smiled down at her. "I'm afraid we've ruined your bed, 

Love."



Barb merely nodded, not caring, luxuriating in the sweet aching of her body 

while she watched him through half lidded eyes. He leaned down to brush a soft 

kiss on those sweet lips, letting his tongue dance briefly with hers. Then he 

was gone, with a whispered promise. "I'll be right back, Love."



She sighed, aching to feel his body cuddled next to her. Then she heard the 

sound of a bath running, and she smiled.



Shortly afterwards, he re-entered her room, and leaned down to scoop her from 

the bed, She moved gladly into his arms, holding to the back of his neck as he 

carried her to the bathroom. It was quickly obvious he'd been busy here too, for 

several fresh candles decorated the room, and unbeknownst to her, a single 

dagger was hidden under a towel, it's gleaming, 9 inch long, double edged blade 

was waiting for her. He lowered her slowly, so that she could help guide herself 

into the warm, soapy water, with its layer of white bubbles coating it. Their 

hand began exploring each other while cleaning themselves, this time with soft 

gentle touches. Many minutes passed in sensuous discovery before he reached over 

to let the water drain out, and filled the tub with fresh clean water. He picked 

up her bottle of bubble bath; how long had he been here? And added a capful to 

the water, to ensure a fresh layer of suds. Giggling, she nestled into him, 

comforted by the warmth of his body.



The tub had been filled, and the water shut off, when she began to drift off to 

sleep, so safe did she feel. A small shift in his body was hardly noticed by 

her, but when her hair was grasped, yanking her head back to expose her throat 

to the cold metal pressing up against it, she nearly panicked, her body arching 

up in surprised reaction.



"Now you die," He hissed into her ear, and the blade was pulled painfully hard 

across her throat, pushing her into a full panic, and orgasm, feeling certain he 

was taking her life. Then she realized the dagger hurt so much because it was to 

dull, never sharpened after he had bought it from the store. Such stainless 

steel blades were made for show after all. The sharp scratch across one side of 

her neck let her know the tip was sharpened though.



She sagged back down against him, letting lose a shuddering breath that was 

almost a sob.



"You scared me Adam, I thought you were going to kill me." His voice was an 

amused whisper in her ear, while that gleaming blade glided across the top of 

her breasts, to then slip beneath the water to tease its sharp tip across her 

belly.



"I know. I am somewhat sorry, but I had to see you panic, I wanted to see your 

orgasm. I wouldn't have done that if you hadn't let me know that secret, amongst 

others." And the dagger slid deeper in to the tub, guided by the touch of his 

other hand to slide across her clit, then rest tip first against her pussy lips. 

A moan of anticipation that was almost a whimper rose from her throat, knowing 

well what he already envisioned. Her body had already been painfully abused, and 

somehow that made the thought even more arousing.



Her hips raised up in invitation, helping the dull blade slip between her pussy 

lips, thrusting into her canal like a sadistic dildo. And he began to fuck her 

with that steel blade like it was a dildo, thrusting it in and out of her slowly 

at first, then quicker. He started slamming the gleaming shaft harder into her 

as she groaned with tormented pleasure, thrusting back against him, feeling the 

blade's hard edges tear up her inner walls, till she came violently. The water 

in the tub was now stained with fresh blood, and slicked with a coating of her 

sweet juices. She slid off the dagger, lying against him, truly, bone-achingly 

exhausted now. He held her close, dagger discarded over the side of the tub, and 

whispered words of comfort into her ear. After many minutes, he finally guided 

her out of the tub, and dried off her trembling body with a towel. Then he made 

her stand for a minute, watching between her legs. When no trails of blood 

appeared, he let the towels fall, and guided her to her living room, finally 

letting her rest on the futon. She quickly fell asleep with a smile on her lips.



He watched her with his own smile for a long time, before he started cleaning 

up. He was very tired too, but he'd had the advantage of napping during the day 

while she worked, and hadn't had to get up so early. Then, knowing he needed to 

feed her, he prepared a dish of sweetly spiced black beans and buttery rice. She 

groaned in protest when he roused her, but woke up long enough to eat when she 

saw the dish he'd prepared. Then, with a full stomach, she kissed him tenderly 

and drifted back off to sleep. After cleaning up the dishes, he made a few 

finally preparations, and sat down in a chair, dozing while he waited for her to 

awaken again.



Late into the night she awoke, trying to figure out if she'd had a dream or if 

it had all been real and when she spied him dozing off in the chair, she smiled 

at him. Then her eyes drifted to the pile of bags near her front door, and a 

gasp of dismay sprang forth. That sound woke him from his doze, and he smiled 

down at her.



"Hello there sleepy head," he said softly to her when he saw her.



Barb raised stricken eyes to him, and asked. "Why are your bags packed? I 

thought you wouldn't leave me! That's what you'd told me before!" She was nearly 

crying now.



He shook his head softly. "You always assume the worse love. If you let me, I'll 

teach you to truly trust me, to not fear that I'll wound your heart and soul." 

Now his voice dropped lower. "But for me to stay and teach you, I need your 

complete dedication." He pointed towards the floor, where a studded black 

leather collar lay. "You will ask me to claim you completely, renouncing all 

other ties in deference to mine, and I will stay with you forever. Place this 

collar around your throat, speak the words of submission, and offer me your 

leash. Do this, and I will be your master, dedicated to you alone."



Her tears had dried up by now, and she stared at him a long moment. She was 

angry with him for making her worry so, but when he started to move as if to 

leave, she hurriedly whispered. "No, please wait."



He stilled, watching her expressionlessly. A silent prayer went through her 

mind, hoping that this cold mask was simply part of her training, what he had to 

do in order to command her. And she scrambled to the floor, crossing it on hands 

and knees to quickly grab the collar and clasp it around her throat. If she was 

wrong. Tears almost fell at that thought, and she thrust them aside. He had to 

be all she dreamed of him being. He had to be.



Soft words fell from her lips as she kneeled submissively in front of him, that 

simple chair some how become like a throne. Her hands raised the leash towards 

him, eyes looking at him pleading.



"Master Adama," she said, using the special nickname of the Hebrew version of 

his name. "Please, take me, claim me, use me for your pleasure and amusement, so 

long as I am always yours."



Slowly, he reached down to take that leash from her, then simply stared into her 

eyes a long time. Then he started reeling her into him, pulling her up until she 

fell into his lap, to find his arms wrapping around her in a fierce hung, lips 

locking with hers passionately. Precious, dear words he murmured to her.



"Yes Babs, I claim you, for I love you with all my heart. I will be your sole 

and only master, and claim no other, for you are the one who makes me complete. 

You are mine Barbara, and I am yours, forever."





Part 2



God, but her elbow was hurting again. Barb sighed as she made her way up the 

path to her house. She hated her job at the post office, but it paid the bills. 

Hopefully, Adam's writing would pay off soon. A smile crossed her lips as she 

thought about him. Maybe he should focus more of his time on writing his novel, 

but it was hard to object to the activities he pursued so strenuously. With that 

thought filling her mind, she opened the door to her house, only to gape as she 

viewed Adam standing there in kilt, with naught else on but sheepskin boots. 

Before she could recover from her surprise, he had closed the few feet between 

them to pull her into an embrace, and she melted at the hungry touch of his lips 

on hers.



"Mmm, about time you got home. I've been waiting for you, and you know how I get 

when I'm impatient." Barb purred at that, snuggling against him, and let her 

hand drift down to caress the bulge of his cock through that kilt of his, that 

she so dearly loved. Yes, he was definitely wearing it traditional style.



"You going to punish me for making you impatient Master?" she whispered softly, 

nibbling lightly on his shoulder, and starting to slide down his body, eyes 

glancing down hungrily as her hand tightened on his cock. But he stopped her, 

pulling her close to keep her on her feet, smiling darkly down at her.



"Nothing I wasn't planning on doing anyway my Love. Now come with me."



Adam stepped back, then picked up her collar and leash from the hook on the 

wall, and snapped it lovingly in place. Kissing her lightly once more, he then 

led her down the hallway to their bedroom. With first a small wink for her, he 

opened the door with a dramatic flourish. The smell of incense and scented 

candles filled her nose, while her eyes swept over the room lit only by candles. 

Her eyes flitted over the room, quickly picking up on the white silken strips of 

cloth hanging from each corner of the bed, and the black strip on the 

nightstand, most likely to be a blindfold. Also near the bed was a bowl filled 

with fresh ice, and a large bowl with their favorite candy, white chocolate. She 

narrowed her eyes, looking up at him speculatively, but he merely smiled, and 

placed a finger on her lips to silence her before leading her near the bed.



"Strip for me darling, make me hunger for the heat of your flesh, taunt me with 

the beauty of your body."



Only a moment's hesitation betrayed her surprise at his order, then she obeyed, 

a smile crossing her lips. With eyes closed she began to sway softly, letting 

her hair fall freely about her shoulders. Turning around slowly, her fingers 

danced across the bottom edge of her shirt, rolling it up, teasingly exposing 

only an inch of skin at a time, till the rolled up bottom of her shirt exposed 

only the lower curves of her breasts. Grasping her shirt lightly, Barbara drew 

it over her head hem-first, baring her breasts from the bottom up, and leaving 

her head briefly covered. She paused in this pose, half expecting him to take 

advantage of the vulnerable position, arms raised up and so easily tangled in 

her shirt. But he did nothing, merely watching with eyes whose heat she imagined 

she could feel on her skin. A final tug, and the shirt drifted to the floor.



Now she could see him again, settling down in a chair to watch her dance. 

Delicately her hands traveled over her breasts, stroking her own skin, flaunting 

her near nakedness to him. Adam merely smiled, and gave her a wink before 

motioning her to continue, though the bulge beneath his kilt gave the lie to his 

casual attitude. Those delicate hands of hers slipped beneath the top of her 

pants, caressing her clit as she boldly held his gaze. Slowly, tauntingly, those 

pants began to slide down, quickly making it obvious that she'd worn no panties. 

Before he could catch more than a glimpse of soft hair, she spun around, and 

leaned over, exposing her butt to him while continuing to strip of those pants.



Each tug on her pants exposed more leg until she stood up finally, and simply 

kicked them the rest of the way off. Turning, Barb placed both hands on her 

hips, legs spreading to let her thrust her bare pussy lips towards him, letting 

him see the eager pink moistness that awaited him. But he merely gave her a smug 

smirk, and gestured towards the bed. "Very good pet, but it's time for you to 

lie down. And then, well, interesting things shall happen."



She started to move slowly towards the bed, eyeing him speculatively, wondering 

what mischief he had in mind. But a solid smack on her ass sent her jumping onto 

the bed with a surprised yelp. Barb sat there rubbing the already reddening spot 

while she glared at him.



"Hey, that hurt!"



He merely grinned, and stepped up to the bed, looming over her while he grabbed 

her wrists, and forced them over her head.



"I know love. And I know how much you are going to love every moment of this." 

he said quietly.



She gave a token struggle, wriggling beneath him. A smirk of her own lay on her 

lips, for she could feel how his cock responded to her flesh sliding against the 

kilt, making the fabric rub against that sensitive member.



She whispered into his ear, "Why don't you just rape me and get it over with? I 

know how much you want to Adama."



She got a sudden bite to her neck for her trouble. "Not yet my wanton little 

wench, that's for later. I want to 'torture' you a bit first."



He slid down her body slowly, leaving lingering kisses on her lips, on her neck, 

collar bone, between her breasts, on the upper swell of each her breasts, then 

finally savoring her nipples before kissing her belly, a teasing kiss for her 

clit, and making a trail of wet kisses down her legs. She was so very relaxed 

now, stretched on the bed as she awaited what ever dark desires he had planned 

out.



Gently he tied her ankles to the other end of the bed, making sure she couldn't 

possibly close her legs to protect herself. Barb watched him curiously, 

wondering what he was planning that he'd think that it might be necessary. The 

thought alone was enough to make her squirm with anticipation, a delicious heat 

burning low in her belly. Adam spotted a glimpse of the moisture forming between 

her pussy lips, and couldn't resist leaning in for a taste of her sweetness.



A Groan of pure pleasure purred out of her throat, and she arched her hips up 

towards him, begging him to continue. But he didn't, backing away with a smile 

as he licked his lips.



"You have to wait a while longer. Mmm, but you are the horny slut today, aren't 

you?" he whispered, sitting down on the bed next to her, leaning over her face.



"Yes Master," she whispered back, her voice husky with desire. He smiled, and 

kissed her soft lips, letting her taste the sweetness of her own cum. Then he 

reached over to the blindfold he'd placed on the nightstand, and carefully laid 

it over her eyes. Obedient to his desires and touch, she lifted her head for him 

so that he could tie it tight behind her. Then she lay back, body tense with 

anticipation. A soft clinking sound, then a moment later, the feel of cool lips 

pressing against her neck, an ice cube trapped between them. Shivering from the 

sudden cold, she was helpless beneath him, and he took full advantage of it. The 

ice cube didn't stay on her neck very long, but made a cold trail down to her 

nipple. A gasp escaped her when the frozen water came to rest on her hardening 

nipple, and stayed their, freezing her flesh for what seemed an eternity before 

moving on to her other nipple, and staying their till it melted. But even that 

wasn't enough for his sadistic pleasure.



That faint clink from the bowl of ice came again, only this time the ice-cool 

lips kissed her belly first, and began to cold, wet rail down to her clit. She 

whimpered, unable to help it, and began to squirm while she shivered. But he'd 

tied her well, and she couldn't escape the numbing cold. Finally, he relented, 

but still she could feel the cold that had penetrated her flesh. Now it was his 

fingers that guided the ice cube, making sure that her nipples were kept cold 

before returning it to her clit. She sighed softly when the ice cube was 

removed, and she heard it dropped back into the bowl. Then, she heard nothing 

but silence, followed by the soft scrape of something metal against wood. A 

brief pause, then searing molten heat scalded her right nipple, tearing a scream 

out of her. It took a moment for her to realize that it was merely candle wax, 

its heat made to seem more extreme by the chill in her flesh. Before she could 

react, or say anything, another splash of molted heat covered her left nipple, 

leaving her gasping for breath from the power of the sensation.



Then she remembered where else he'd been so sure to chill with ice, and vainly 

tried to squeeze her legs shut. "Oh god, no, Adam, you can't� " Barb's words 

broke of in a choked scream while molten wax streamed over her near-frozen clit. 

The burning pain made her cum instantly, straining against the silken bonds 

while her hips arched up. Then she fell back, panting, trying to recover her 

wits, but it didn't matter. He was pouring more wax already, coating the inside 

of her thighs, and all around the edge of her pussy.



Adam watched her writhe helplessly on the bed, smiling silently to himself. Then 

he removed the blind fold, and whispered, "Did you like it?"



She nodded to him, her eyes moist with tears from the shocking pain of heat 

applied so closely after cold. "Then beg for me to hurt you, beg for it like the 

little bitch you are."



"Please, please Master, hurt me. Please, make me bleed, drink my blood. Oh god, 

please master. More!" she pleaded, trying desperately to offer herself 

submissively, restrained by her bindings. The smile on his face spread to a 

sadistic grin.



"Just remember, you begged for it."



Moving quickly, he ripped of the now solid wax covering each of her nipples. A 

surprised yelp poured out of her at the rough treatment, leaving her nipples 

sore from the repeated abuse. Then she saw where his hands were wandering, and 

the full implications hit her.



"Oh shit!" she managed to whisper before he placed one finger on the wax over he 

clit, and used his other hand to rip up one side of the wax he'd poured along 

the side of her pussy lips, tearing up the hairs there too. She couldn't 

breathe, let alone scream. And then he did it again, more sharp pain ripping 

through her. She collapsed, head on her pillow as she stared up at the ceiling, 

unable to bear watching what was about to happen.



And he teased her with it, tugging lightly on the small piece of remaining wax 

over her clit, knowing how well she could feel every tiny movement. Then he tore 

it off finally, pulling forth another sharp cry from her lips, and pushing her 

into another climax. "Oh God, Adam, that was..." she trailed of, breathing 

heavily, overwhelmed by the raw sensitivity of her body. A sensitivity he was 

about to take full advantage of.



But first, he unbound her legs, and left her arms still trapped above her head. 

She watched through half lidded eyes as he slid up her body, hands caressing her 

skin while his eyes stayed locked on her. He paused briefly to kiss first her 

clit, then her nipples, and finally her lips, holding his body above her, his 

cock brushing across her pussy lips and sore clit. "Are you a little slut-girl?" 

he asked her, teasingly.



"Yes I am Master," she whispered back breathlessly.



"Whose little bitch are you then?"



"I am your bitch master."



"And have you been a good girl, my lusty wench?"



"Yes Master."



"Then I should reward you for being so good. What do you want for your reward?"



She stared at him with hungry eyes before replying, "I want you to ravish me."



And that ever-present smile broadened once more. "Your wish is my command," he 

teased her, and moved himself slowly into position before pushing his cock 

forcefully into her pussy. She moaned in bliss when she felt him enter her, and 

her lips slid up his to tighten around his hips, urging him deeper, rocking with 

him in passions rhythm. Their hearts pounded, thrusts quickening in rising 

carnal passion, pure heat boiling in their blood.



"Yes," she whispered to him, and his head lowered, his breathe rough with low 

groans of ecstasy. Lips and teeth nibbled her ear while he rode her, and his 

hand sought out her breast. He began thrusting harder and deeper, grinding his 

hip against her clit while he used a finger nail to scrape across her 

over-sensitized nipple. A sharp cry sprang out from her lips as she felt her 

self climbing over the peak of climax with him, slick pussy walls tightening 

around his throbbing cock, drawing him with her into orgasmic ecstasy. His hot 

seed exploded into her, filling her with his essence while the cried out, and 

pressed against each other desperately.



After a moment of eternal pleasure, their bodies slowly relaxed, and he smiled 

down at her. "I love you Babs," he whispered, and she smiled, leaning her head 

up to kiss him tenderly.



"And I love you Adama," she whispered back. Not wanting to move an inch from 

her, he shifted his weight carefully to undo her bindings. Then they clung to 

each other, curled up in the afterglow of their lust. After a long time, forced 

himself to rise from the bed, and picked her up to carry her to the bathroom. 

She couldn't help but giggle, for he'd made sure to draw a very hot bath 

earlier, which was now just nicely warm.



They slipped in together, washing each other playfully before eventually 

climbing out and drying off.



"What's for dinner?" she asked him was they walked towards the kitchen naked. 

There were some definite advantages to having a master who liked to cook she 

mused.













Strenoth's Stories



Barb and Adam 3: Unusual Present by Strenoth







Barb and Adam 3: Unusual Present





Barbara hummed happily to herself as she walked from her car to her front door. 

Adam had promised an unusual gift when she got home, and she was looking 

forward. Even as she pushed open the front door to her house, she was trying to 

anticipate what new sex toy he might have gotten to 'abuse' her with.



Naturally, he was no where to be seen, but she knew exactly where he'd be 

waiting for her. Where else? The barely closed door to her bedroom seemed almost 

to beckon her.



But Barb paused a moment, studying the door as if she could see through it. Then 

a grin broke across her face. Gleefully trying to not break out into laughter, 

she stripped naked, hoping to catch him at least slightly by surprise.



Then she nearly skipped down the hallway to her door, and shoved the door open, 

taking a deep breath while spreading her arms and legs to present herself. Then 

she froze in shock when her eyes adjusted to the dimmer room.



Adam was sitting in a chair, relaxed looking in his slacks and tee-shirt. Part 

of her mind noticed he was bare foot too. The rest of her attention was fixed on 

the woman lounging on her bed. The unknown woman was tall, blond, and buxom, the 

near perfect image of a Valkyrie, which went well with the out fit she was 

wearing. A very tight, shiny black leather half-shirt barely covered her 

breasts, while the tight, shiny black leather mini-skirt barely did the same for 

the woman's pussy. And her legs were clad in high-heel boots of the same 

material. Before barb could even think to react, the woman swept her gaze over 

Barb in a predatorily manner she was only used to getting from men.



"Mmm, you are right Adam, she is very bold. This is going to be fun."



Embarrassment quickly changed to burning anger, with jealousy goading, and Barb 

turned towards Adam, who had stood up and stepped towards her.



"What the fuck is this supposed to be? Some kind of sick fucking joke, you 

asshole?"



He flinched slightly at her words, having half-expected the anger, but he didn't 

let them sink in far, because he knew exactly what it looked like. That's the 

way he'd arranged it. Quickly, he grabbed her hands, which had curled into 

claws, and pressed against her bare body to tightly for her to be able knee him.



"Hush Love!" he said soothingly, keeping a smile on his lips. "I've not touched 

her, no do I plan to. Jasmine's here for you."



Barb gaped at him in shock, not quite able to interpret his words for a moment. 

He took advantage of her shock, and dragged her to the bed, easily over coming 

her instinctive struggle.



"What are you doing?!" she yelled at him, "I'm not going to fuck another girl so 

you can get off on it!" but it was in vain, and her hands were soon bound above 

her head, and her legs were forced wide apart before being tied down, in spite 

of her futile kicking. And through all of this, Jasmine merely watched with a 

sick smile. "Adam, let me go, you god damn bastard!"



Adam merely shook his head, and slid of the bed, then stepped back to settle 

into the chair. "She's all yours Jasmine."



The blond slut nodded, and sat down on the bed next to Barb.



"How are you doing honey? Bet your heart is pounding away at a hundred a minute 

right now." That manicured hand with blood red nails trailed along Barb's thigh, 

and her long red nails pinched at a still pink scar. "I heard you like pain. 

Which is good, because I plan to hurt you. Then I'm going to rape you. And yes, 

a woman can rape another woman." Her eyes were eager with a light that made Barb 

squirm, unused to that kind of look from another woman.



The vicious bitch stretched out luxuriously before bending over to reach into 

her bag that was lying on the floor. Out of it she brought a small black box 

with the wires attached, each wire ending in alligator clips. The box had a 

single dial on it, marked in volts. "Guess what this is for?" Jasmine watched 

Barb's eyes widen in comprehension, and placed a manicured finger over her lips 

to silent her before she could say anything. "Hush. I know exactly what this 

feels like. Trust me, you'll like it."



Barb bit at the finger, glaring. "Stay away from me you whore!"



Jasmine merely shook her head, and proceeded to clip the leads into place, each 

sharply toothed clip taking its place. One on each nipple, and the final one so 

carefully clamped onto her clit. Barb couldn't help but shudder at the sweet 

pain racing through her body. Then the dial was twisted, sending the first low 

voltage jolt running into her body. She shivered at the sensation, unable to 

resist her body's growing arousal. Her teeth bit down on her lower lip, trying 

to bite back a cry of pleasure when the dial was tweaked into the next position, 

forcing more voltage to speed through her body.



Adam watched with growing delight as his love writhed on the bed, tormented into 

an orgasm by the surge of electricity running through her body. One hand drifted 

down from the armrest to rub across the bulge in his pants, enjoying the 

sensation of the cloth of his underwear lightly chaffing across his swollen 

cock. A whimper escaped Barbara, for she'd caught sight of his movement, and was 

watching him with tormented need. Her eyes closed briefly as she spasmed. 

Another click of the dial had forced her body into climax again.



Jasmine looked at both her victim and the one who'd bought her services for the 

evening, and smiled, enjoying her job. A final twist of the knob placed it at 

max power, and forced Barbara to cry out in pleasure. Smirking, Jasmine slid off 

the bed, and began stripping slowly, letting each piece of to tight leather peal 

off her body. "Like what you see dear?" she purred to Barb.



Barb tried to glare at the harlot, but she couldn't focus enough to be angry, 

not with the sweet torment of those electric clips piercing her.



"I thought so. Hmm, well, here's my next toy. Or rather, it's your toy, and your 

master told me what you like to do with it."



A faint hum came from the torture device she had pulled out of her bag. To most, 

it was simply a Sonic Toothbrush. To Barbara, it was a fiendish device for 

inflicting pleasure through pain.



"Oh shit, no, please no...." That's all she managed to choke out while watching 

its slow descent. Then those soft, vibrating bristles brushed her clit. A low 

groan forced its way up from inside of Barb, and her hips arched up on their own 

to encourage the touch of the bristles. Adam watched with heated anticipation, 

knowing what was going to happen. Barbara shuddered in orgasm, the combined 

sensations of the clamp and the brush easily conquering her. And then came a 

shudder of arousing agony, for the vibrating bristles had worn away a layer of 

skin off her clit, leaving it sore and tender while still being the target for 

that innocent seeming device.



And Jasmine was relentless, following her instructions to the letter. 

Practically delirious from the mingling ecstasy and agony, Barb couldn't stop 

herself from humping the air as she came repeatedly, her sweet juices dripping 

out of her aching pussy. And finally, just before the battery died from over 

use, blood started seeping from her injured clit, and the pain pushed her into 

an orgasm more powerful than the rest, screaming out her torment. Very quietly, 

Jasmine took the Sonic Toothbrush away, removing the head and throwing it away 

before placing the main body of it on the nightstand. Then she turned off the 

shock box, and unclamped Barb's nipples and clit. The only sounds in the room 

were Barb's ragged sobs, and Adam's harsh breathing.



He'd grown to excited watching Barbara get tortured, and had rubbed himself into 

an orgasm inside of his pants. With a shuddering sigh, he slowly relaxed, then 

rose to remove his pants and underwear. Both women turned to look at his cock, 

glistening faintly with the cum that his underwear hadn't absorbed, and still 

swollen with his lust. He couldn't help but grin, and was deliberately slow in 

picking up his fallen underpants, and wipe off the remaining cum with the dry 

area. "Enjoying the show ladies? I certainly hope so, because it should help you 

be ready for the next act in this little play." Casually, he threw his clothes 

into the hamper, and sat down naked.



Jasmine had a hard time looking away to begin the next part of her job, but Barb 

couldn't look away until she felt Jasmine's lips gently kissing her injured 

clit. Looking down in shock, she watched as the other women settled herself in 

between her legs, and began slowly, expertly, licking at the edges of Barb's 

pussy. She tried to fight the slowly rising pleasure, tried to ignore the sweet 

pain when ever Jasmine's tongue traced its way to her abused clit. But Jasmine 

was a professional, and knew exactly what she was doing, and how to trick Barbs 

body into betraying her. Soon the whore's tongue was probing into Barbs slick, 

moist pussy, lapping at the sweet juices forming from her hot flesh, flicking 

into her at just the rapid pace that electrified Barb's body.



"Oh god, please, God, no... " Barb whispered, looking to Adam pleadingly, 

begging him with her eyes to not let this woman make her come. But Adam had his 

own plans. He had been slowly stroking his cock while watching her, and rose now 

to stride across the room to the bed. Barb couldn't take her eyes off him, 

despite the growing pleasure, for she realized what he was going to do. He knelt 

on the bed, and leaned over her face, his cock brushing across her lips.



"Do it. I want to come when you do," was his quiet command. She obeyed, her lips 

pursing to kiss the head of his cock, then she licked along the length of the 

shaft before taking him all the way into her mouth. Her lips pressed tightly 

around his shaft as she began to bob her head, sucking on him eagerly, wanting 

as always the salty taste of his cum to fill her mouth, the intimacy of 

swallowing down his seed.



Adam groaned as the pressure of her lips increased, and his cock began to throb. 

Unable to resist his own growing hunger for release, Adams hips began to rock, 

fucking Barbs face, slowly at first, but quickly he began fucking her face in 

earnest. Aroused by the sight of her head being forced back into the pillows, he 

slammed his cock down her throat while she continued to greedily suck on him, 

lips and tongue silently begging him to grant her the pleasure of swallowing his 

male essence. Jasmine watched their intimacy with hot, lusty eyes, her own lips 

sucking at the juices of Barb's pussy, while her tongue flicked over her G-spot, 

pressing and rasping across the pleasure center, causing Barbs hips to thrust 

back at her face, muscles clamping around Jasmine's skilled tongue.



Adam watched Barb's face, saw the ecstasy in her eyes as she started to climax. 

The knowledge that she was coming into another woman's mouth proved his breaking 

point. With a sharp cry, he pressed down on her, his cock spasming in joint 

orgasm with her. With her face forcefully buried in his pubic hair, she felt 

like she was going to suffocate while she swallowed down the hot seed pulsing 

from his cock. The threat of suffocating on his shaft sent dark chills through 

her body that prolonged her moment of ecstasy. But it still seemed all to soon 

the he pulled out of her mouth, letting her gasp for air while Jasmine sat back 

to watch with amusement.



Adam wiped off his cock on the pillow near her head, leaving a glistening trail 

on the fabric of the pillow cover. Barb closed her eyes, exhausted by her 

ordeal, and began to drift towards sleep despite the aching of her clit. A sharp 

pain pierced her breast, and she woke up with a cry of surprised pain, twisting 

to see Adams sharp pocket knife pulling out of her flesh, dripping her blood. 

Adam licked it clean calmly while watching her. "I never said you were done 

Babs. Jasmine has pleased you. Don't you think it's proper that you return the 

favor?"



"Oh Adam, please, please, I can't. Don't make me do that to another woman." But 

there was no mercy in his eyes. She saw the anticipation gleaming in his eyes, 

and when she looked at Jasmine in horror, she saw the lust that nearly blazed 

from them. Jasmine crawled up Barbs body until they were face to face.



"I made you feel good, didn't I? Well, it's time for you to do the same to me 

honey. And I'm going to enjoy every moment of it." She breathed her words 

softly, her breath sweet with the juices from Barb's own pussy. Each breath she 

took caused their nipples to brush lightly, erotically against each other.



Barb licked her lips nervously, trying to think of something to stop this 

madness. But Jasmine took the opportunity to kiss Barb full on the lips, her 

tongue invading Barb's mouth hungrily. When she broke the kiss, Jasmine looked 

speculatively at Adam while licking her lips thoughtfully. "Hmm, he eats fruit, 

especially kiwi, a lot, doesn't he?" Adam smirked, while Barb nodded mutely, 

realizing that Jasmine had just tasted the flavor of her master's cum in her 

mouth. A part of her, the corner of her self that so quickly at easily grew 

jealous, relaxed a bit at this proof that she'd not tasted Adam's cum, the proof 

that he hadn't fucked this other woman before she came home. "You've got a good 

Master girl. Be happy that he likes to make sure you enjoy yourself. But it's my 

turn to enjoy myself."



Helpless, Barb watched as Jasmine continued to crawl up her body, slowly rising 

with her legs spread over Barb's face, the lips of her pussy parting to expose 

the moist pink flesh hungry for the touch of Barb's tongue. "Now be a good girl, 

and treat me like I did you." Those nether lips brushed across Barbs lips, 

moistening them with Jasmine's juices. Barb couldn't help it, she'd been curious 

too long, and Adam's watching eyes seemed to demand it of her. Tentatively, she 

let her tongue slide out between her lips, lightly gracing the other woman's 

pussy. The taste was sweet, like her own, but subtly different. Slowly loosing 

her reluctance, Barb tasted Jasmine's pussy again, keeping her mouth open to let 

the juices drip in.



She liked the taste. And she started licking eagerly, letting her tongue run 

along the edge of the woman's pussy lips. When her exploring mouth brought her 

lips to Jasmine's clit, she kissed it, then let her teeth graze across it. 

Jasmines moan of ecstasy was immediate, the hint of pain mixed with pleasure 

pushing her over the edge, the built up desire from torturing Barb turning into 

a powerful climax. Jasmine thrust her pussy down onto Barb's face, smearing her 

lips with her pleasure juices. Enthusiastically, Barb sucked at Jasmine's pussy, 

her eyes watching Jasmine's eyes close in pleasure as she was brought to another 

orgasm when Barb's tongue probed and flicked across her g-spot.



Adam hand suddenly grabbed Jasmine's hair, who let out a startled gasp. "Alright 

girl, you've had your pleasure, and I've enjoyed watching you work on her, but 

your job is finished." He let go, and Jasmine nodded quickly. She'd seen how 

quick and easily he'd used that knife, and there were plenty of larger, more 

painful weapons in this room. "Change out in the hallway," he said, all but 

ignoring the woman who hastily grabbed her clothes and bag, and quickly left the 

room, closing the door behind her, never to be seen again.



Barb stared up at Adam for a long moment before whispering to him. "Master, it 

hurts, it hurts so very much. It makes my body ache with longing." She said 

those words knowing how they would arouse him. He smiled, and nodded.



"I know Pet." But he said nothing more as he leaned down to untie her legs. She 

didn't kick, lying there submissively. She wanted to feel him sliding inside her 

too much to try to fight him. She closed her eyes with soft pleasure as he began 

kneading and massaging her legs, trailing light, wet kisses across her skin as 

he loosened her muscles up. Shivers broke out through her body when those kisses 

reached her inner thigh, making their way ever so slowly up towards her pussy. 

Then, ever so gently, he kissed her beautiful pussy lips, licking them tenderly 

before turning his attention to her clit. Somehow, the very caring tenderness he 

displayed with each light brush of his lips to her clit emphasized the 

throbbing, aching pain of her raw flesh.



She squirmed with pleasure, her legs sliding up to clamp around his head, 

wanting that delicately painful caress of his tongue. But he pushed her legs 

away, forcing them to spread wide, and he moved up her body, his eyes locked on 

to hers. "You've had enough of that Dear. Now," his voice dropped lower, 

rumbling out with a soft growl of lust. "Now, I'm going to fuck you."



Such simple words, but he knew her well, knew the tone that would set her on 

edge. She gasped, licking her lips, eyes wide and staring. "Oh god, yes, please 

master fuck me," she begged, looking between their bodies to watch his cock 

slide along the inside of her pussy, barely visible through the gentle valley of 

her breasts. She spoke again with out waiting to be asked or forced, she needed 

this to much to make him pull the words out of her.



"Please Master, this little slut begs to be fucked and used like the whore she 

is. Fill this wench with your seed, hurt her and abuse her like the bitch she 

is." The words came tumbling out of her mouth practically with out thought, and 

she shifted her gaze to his eyes, staring at him pleadingly with raw need to be 

used. He smiled, he face over hers now, and let his cock brush lightly across 

her raw clit. Barbara gasped with the pain, her hips arching up in silent 

begging for his cock to fill her aching pussy.



With swift, sure movements, he undid the slip knots that held her wrists. Her 

hands slid up his arms to grasp his shoulders; her body spread beneath him for 

his to abuse. And he did, thrusting suddenly and violently into her pussy, 

forcing the moist pink lips apart painfully. Barb screamed with aching need, her 

head thrown back with pleasure. Then the second thrust plunged his shaft deeper 

into her pussy, and he nails dug into his shoulders, scraping his skin. Again 

and again he thrust into her, forcing his cock deeper and harder into her, till 

her nails drew blood with the hunger to feel his cum fill her wanton pussy. She 

needed him to come with her, and knew just how to do it.



Her legs drew tightly about his waist, while her lips slid down along his neck, 

whispering softly "Yes Master, fuck me, use me, god, yes...." Till her lips 

brushed along the base of his shoulder and neck, where the was just enough meat 

to protect him. Then she let her desires rush forth, biting him hard.



He yelled in surprise, then harshly whispered into her ear, growling as she 

continued to bite down. "You fucking bitch. I should fuck you to death for that 

you little whore." He knew the words to use on her, to twist her desires over 

the brink, and timed them right. "You're nothing but a god damn slut!" he 

whispered as the pain forced him into a climax, he lips drawing tight with 

ecstasy. Her pussy convulsed and clamped down on his cock, hungrily pulsing 

along his throbbing shaft to milk out every last drop of the hot semen exploding 

into her body.



For a brief eternity they clung together, his cum filling her pussy as she 

sucked at his wound, drinking down the salty tang of his blood. Together, they 

slowly relaxed, and she began licking at the wound she had caused, her eyes soft 

and tender.



"I love you Babs," he whispered after a moment, and she breathed back, "I love 

you too Adama."



Their lips met in a gently passionate kiss. Then she smiled at him, to exhausted 

to speak any more, and laid back on the bed, soaking in the after glow of their 

carnal heat.



A few minutes later, he gently untangled himself from her, and whispered. "I'll 

be right back for you."



She watched him exit the room, leaving the door swinging open. Then came the 

sound of a running bath, and the scent of bubble bath in hot water. A smile 

lightly touched her lips, and she raised her arms to him when he came back into 

the room to carry her to the bath. Together they slid into the warm water, 

relaxing in the soothing heat, as he took care of washing them both.



"You spoil me rotten Adam."



He only responded with a smile.



Now mischief lit her eyes. "I'm going to get you back for this you know," she 

purred softly at him.



He grinned at her. "I'm counting on it, Love." She snuggled happily against him, 

eyes lidded to cover dark thoughts as she plotted her 'revenge'.



You may also want to visit:



&nbsp; Sexy Top 100 Stories 

&nbsp; Erotic Top 100 Story Sites 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





