BDSM Library - Bambi's Night Out




Bambi's Night Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: D/s, S/M, Lesbian sex, Violence






Bambi's Night Out





Part 1



I walked up the front steps, smiling at the plans I had made for the evening. A 

few phone calls, a couple of pay-offs and everything was set. I opened the door, 

not knocking or ringing the bell. I walked into the house, admiring the decor 

once again. The bitch may not be good for much of anything else, but at least 

she runs a neat, orderly house.



Entering the dining room, I was greeted by a scene out of Better Homes And 

Gardens. Bambi and her piece of shit husband were sitting at the table, enjoying 

an early dinner. Both of them looked up, surprised at my rude intrusion into 

their home. Bambi's eyes shone with excitement, before dropping respectfully 

down to stare at her plate. Joe's eyes on the other hand were full of smoldering 

resentment and anger. The corners of my mouth curled into a sardonic grin. The 

wimp needs another lesson in who's in charge, I thought to my self. That's fine, 

it fits in my plans nicely. I walked over to him and without warning my hand 

shot out, delivering a brutal slap to his face. His eyes blazed with fury, then 

quickly dropped to his plate as well. "I am getting tired of your little fucking 

games, Joe." I turned my back to him, giving him an opportunity to try and jump 

me. He did that once, shortly after I picked up the slut from a dyke bar down on 

the waterfront. After I kicked his ass, breaking several of his fingers while he 

apologized, I pissed on his face and told him what a pathetic excuse for a man 

he was. "If you had any real balls, your fucking slut-wife wouldn't out, looking 

to get fucked by strangers!" I enjoyed watch the tears of shame and pain roll 

down his face as I sat on his chest, slowly pulling his left index finger back 

'til it snapped. No, I don't think he would make that mistake again. Years of 

Karate and Aikedo ensured that I could take care of myself, especially against 

someone as weak as him. Walking back over to her, I asked "No comments on how I 

dressed for you, slut?" She looked up, taking in my leather biker jacket, black 

t-shirt, faded jeans, leather gloves, and biker boots. My brown hair was tucked 

under a old baseball cap and mirrored sunglasses hid my eyes. I reached down to 

stoke my rubber "cock", bulging under my jeans. The whore's eyes zeroed in on 

the motion, and the tip of her tongue flicked over her spread lips.



"You look very beautiful, Mistress" she said in a lust-filled voice.



I decided to put Joe in his place a little more before I took my pet out for the 

evening. I reached down and picked up a handful of salad from her plate. "You 

don't mind if I have some, do you Bambi?"



"No Mistress, please help yourself" she replied.



"Open your mouth, Cunt" I crammed the lettuce into her mouth, stuffing it in, 

and reaching for more. I filled her greedy little mouth 'til her cheeks were 

bulging like a squirrel's. "Chew this but don't you dare swallow!" While Bambi 

chewed her food, I reached into my back pocket and pulled out my switchblade 

knife. Flicking it open in front of her eyes, I delighted in her involuntary 

flinch as the gleaming blade snapped into place. I used it to stroke her stuffed 

cheeks while she chewed. "Now chew your cud like a good little cow, Bambi, while 

I inspect your "udders". I laughed, slipping the razor between her tits and 

cutting away the fabric of her expensive silk blouse. She looked up at me with 

her doe-like eyes full of fear as I lightly traced her hardening nipples through 

the bra she was wearing with the tip of my knife. Slipping the blade between her 

large tits, I jerked the blade upward, cutting the nylon between the cups, 

freeing her heavy breasts. Immediately her 38d udders sprang forth, the two 

halves of the ruined bra falling away. I pinched her coral nipple roughly 

between finger and thumb. Watching her arch her back, offering me her breasts to 

abuse. "What, no milk, Bambi?" I laughed as I pinched harder. "Perhaps we should 

put you on hormones so these fat teats of yours fill with milk? Would you like 

to be a milk cow for me?"



"Yes Mistress" she replied in a small voice. 



"What do you think Joe, should I turn your wife into a dairy cow, so that I can 

charge my friends, hell, charge anyone who'll pay to suck on her tits?"



Joe's only answer was to turn red. I could see him tense as I described letting 

my friends, total strangers, his neighbors come over to nurse from his spouse. 

"Of course hormones are expensive. I guess we could do it the old fashioned way, 

just knock her up. What do you think?" Joe sat up a little at this and I knew 

what he was hoping, that I would let him have sex with his wife for the first 

time in eight months. "But since you are such a pathetic excuse for a man, I 

could never trust you to do it. I'll have to get a real man to do the job. Don't 

worry, I'll make sure to give you all the details." Joe slumped down, his hopes 

defeated. "Done chewing, Bessy?" I tilted her head back so that she was looking 

up at me. "Open your mouth Bitch" I commanded, looking to see that Joe was 

watching me. I bent down, covering her mouth with mine, sucking the chewed 

lettuce from her mouth as my greedy tongue violated her mouth. Just to keep her 

attention, I pinched and cruelly twisted her nipples, making her moan with pain 

while I completed this obscene meal. Finally, when she was panting for breath, I 

pulled away and swallowed. "Not bad, but from now on you only use Ranch 

dressing, its my favorite."



"Yes Mistress" she replied, blushing as I took control of yet another bit of her 

life. I knew this is what she needed, a strong hand to rule her life. Her waste 

of a husband could never give her what she needed and desired. So she went out 

looking and fell into my clutches. I loved to taunt her husband with the 

knowledge that it was his own inferiority that lead her to me, that he was 

responsible for all the suffering I was bringing them.



"Stand up and strip. Take that silly dress off. I want to see you." Standing, I 

watched my plaything remove her dress standing naked before me. Not bad, fine 

figure, shaved pussy, heavy breasts tipped with hard nipples. A few fading 

bruises covered her tits and ass, mute reminders of my last visit. Oh yes, it 

had been too long, time to add a few new marking to my slut. I reached down, 

running my gloved hand over her smooth, shaved mons. "A little rough, isn't it?" 

I asked with a frown. I waited for her response, enjoying the looks of confusion 

and desperation running across her face. I knew she was still smooth and I 

enjoyed baiting her to see her reaction.



*SLAP, SLAP* My gloved hands left flaming imprints on each side of her face! 

"YOU STUPID FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!! I GIVE YOU ONE TASK AND YOU CAN'T EVEN DO 

THAT RIGHT!!" I yelled in her face, watching the tears spring up in her eyes. I 

grabbed her and twisted her around, bending her over slightly. "Count bitch!" I 

said, raising my hand.



1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20.



"Thank you Mistress" she said, tears streaming down her face and fidgeting with 

the waves of burning pain my spanking had produced in her luscious ass. Both 

cheeks were blushing a burning crimson, the individual handprints running 

together in a scarlet mosaic of suffering.



"Sit on the table and spread your legs, slut" I commanded, slapping her inner 

thighs when I wasn't satisfied with her speed. Finally, she was perched on the 

edge of the table, her legs wide, pulling her swelling pussy lips apart. I 

reached down and scooped some butter off the butter dish with the fingers of my 

right hand and smeared it on her mound. "Get over here Joe, I want your face 

next to her cunt." I positioned Joe so that his face was mere inches from his 

wife's shiny, greasy pussy. I could see the beads of sweat spring out on his 

face, as he was closer to his wife's feminine charms than he had been in months. 

I was sure his pathetic dick was hard at this moment, struggling to break free 

of his pants. "Stick out your tongue, Joe, I will need a towel." I watched him 

extend his tongue. "Better hold still, cunt, I sharpened this knife just today." 

I said as I began to shave the soft butter from her mound. I could feel my own 

cunt get wet as I watched her squirm, terrified of the knife and what kind of 

damage it could do in such a tender sensitive area. Whenever the knife blade was 

covered with butter and sweat, I would wipe it across the surface of Joe's 

extended tongue, turning just so that he could feel the razors edge skim over 

his tongue. Looking down, I could see real fear in his eyes now. Perfect, I 

think he just about ready.



Putting the knife away, I squatted down and grabbed a handful of his black hair 

in my fist. "Look at that greasy pussy, Joe. I can't take it out looking like 

that. People will think I don't know how to keep my bitch clean. Look at her 

pussy Joe, don't you want to help me clean it?" I watched as Joe swallowed 

several times, his mouth watering with the thought of tasting his wife's cunt 

once again. He nodded his head, blushing in shame. "Not good enough, Joe. I 

can't hear you."



"Yes Robyn, I want to help you clean your bitch. Please let me lick your 

property's pussy!" he begged. I could see tears of shame in his eyes from the 

admission he had just made and what it had cost him. 



"Ok Joe, I'm not a cruel person" I said with a smirk on my face. "You can lick 

her but only where I spread the butter. If you touch her clit or her lips, then 

all bets are off, understand?"



Joe shook his head so hard I wondered if he would get whiplash. "Ok, begin and 

don't miss anything." I moved back beside Bambi, my gloved finger twirling her 

golden hair and stroking the tip of her left ear. With my other hand, I pinched 

and pulled her nipples, occasionally slapping the sensitive underside of her 

tits. While doing this and watching Joe, I murmured into her ear just loud 

enough for him to hear; "Does he make you feel good, bitch? Perhaps you don't 

need me anymore? Shall I go and leave you two alone?"



"No Mistress, please don't leave me. I want you to stay. He isn't as good as you 

are Mistress!"



I watched the words have the desired effect, tears now rolling down his cheeks 

as his own wife once again confirmed his own worthlessness. I continued to 

manipulate Bambi's tits, licking the curve of her neck with my tongue, watching 

her shiver and squirm with delight at my caresses. 



There!! She moved just enough so Joe's tongue dragged across her labia!



*KICK* My boot lashes out, catching him in the ribs. "WHAT THE FUCK DID I TELL 

YOU?" *KICK* Another blow, this one to the gut, making him curl up in agony. 

"YOU WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT!!" *KICK* This one right in the kidneys. Let him 

piss blood for a few days, then he'll be more careful next time. *KICK* *KICK* 

*KICK* OVER AND OVER Finally he lies moaning, vomit pooling by his mouth where 

his pain has made him sick. Ragged breaths escape his lips as I pull up his 

limp, unresisting head. "Ok cocksucker, your mistake, but she's the one who's 

going to pay for it. Every time she screams, it's because of you, every tear, 

every bruise, every welt, every drop of blood, all on your head!" I dropped his 

head back into the pool of puke. I turned to Bambi, watching her shrink back 

from me, obviously terrified by my rage.



"Pick up that bag and get dressed cunt, and hurry, I'm not in the mood to wait 

any longer!" I ordered, pointing to the bag I had brought in with me. Scrambling 

off the table she quickly put on her attire for the evening. First a set of 

black fishnet stockings, rolled up to the top of her thighs. Next a short red 

skirt, barely reaching far enough to cover her ass and pussy. Next, a thin, 

short cotton blouse, two sizes too small to where she had to inhale just to be 

able to button it across her tits. I had cut off the top three buttons, the 

total effect being to push her breasts up to spill out of the blouse, the tops 

of her nipples visible. The thin cotton was stretched so tight that the rest of 

her nipples were clearly visible through the near-transparent material. The 

blouse was short enough so that her midriff was bare.



"Go put on your make-up, you know how I want it!" I watched her plump bottom 

jiggle from below the hem of the skirt as she scampered off to get ready. I 

walked over to where Joe was lying, still retching as the pain and nausea raced 

through his body. "I don't know what your plans for the evening were, but cancel 

them. I want you here and I want you naked when we return." With that I spit in 

his face as he lay there moaning. I turned around to see Bambi return. Several 

coats of mascara and eyeliner accented her eyes. A dark blush and thick, bright 

red lipstick completed the look. She had put on my favorite shoes, red stiletto 

heels, open-toed with 5 inch heels. The ridiculous heels affected her gait, 

making her tits stick out even further as they lifted her ass. The overall look 

was to make her appear like the cheap whore she was. 



"Come on bitch, you have a long night ahead of you" I said as I pushed her out 

the door to my waiting motorcycle.





Part 2



I pushed Bambi out the front door. I enjoyed watching her tense up, knowing that 

our little scene could be seen by the entire neighborhood. Stepping outside, I 

walked behind her as we approached my Harley. As she stopped beside it, I hugged 

her from behind, pulling her close to me. My hands roamed over her tits, 

squeezing them, making them bulge even further out of the too-small blouse I had 

dressed her in. As a low sigh escaped from her parted lips, I reached down to 

lift her skirt and rub her bald mound. I could feel her rock her hips as my 

leather covered fingers played with her slit, the tips wetted by the free 

flowing juices there. "Think what your neighbors must think, slut. Seeing you 

act like a bitch in heat. A painted whore, fucking my hand?" I could hear her 

gasp as waves of pleasure and shame rushed through her. Removing my fingers, 

smiling at her moans of disappointment, I walked to the saddle bags and removed 

her toys. I placed the 8" dildo on the seat, holding it in place with my hand. 

"Mount up, Bambi, I have plans for you." I watched as she stepped over the seat, 

the miniskirt rising to show her puffy pussy lips spread. Bambi positioned her 

cunt over the dildo, slowly sitting down, impaling herself on it. Removing my 

hand, I swung my leg over the seat and started the bike. Revving the engine, 

knowing the vibrations would be amplified by the dildo in her pussy, I took her 

hands and wrapped them around my waist. I placed her hands on my crotch, letting 

her feel my strap-on bulging beneath my jeans. "Hold on tight, we're in a 

hurry." I slipped the bike into gear and roared out of the driveway, loud enough 

to ensure anyone outside would turn and look at us.



I headed for the waterfront, where my surprise for my little puppy was waiting. 

I was sure to hit a few potholes and bumps along the way, knowing that the 

jarring motion would drive the dildo deeper into her hot pussy. Listening to her 

squeal with every bump, I smiled to myself. Enjoy it, puppy, you will earn your 

pleasure tonight, I thought to myself. I pulled into the parking lot of one of 

the roughest dyke bars in town. I climbed off the bike, watching as Bambi 

squirmed on the rubber prong. "Having fun, dearest?"



"M-Mistress?" she stuttered. Her face was covered in a sheen of sweat, her 

cheeks flushed. I reached down and roughly pulled the dildo out with a wet 

slurping sound. "Clean it!" I ordered, holding the glistening dick up to her 

mouth. I watched her part her painted lips, the tip of her tongue running over 

them. I held the dripping cock up to her lips and slowly pushed it in. As it 

slowly slipped past her lips, I watched her throat swell as the thick rubber 

cock lodged in her gullet. I pushed harder, sliding the last few inches home, 

feeling her gag as it cut off her air. I waited as she struggled to remain 

still, her face slowly changing colors, red to blue. Finally I relented, slowly 

pulling it out, allowing her to breathe again.



"T-thank you Mistress" she said, her voice husky and rough.



I pointed to the door of the bar, an impatient look on my face. She quickly 

moved towards the door, hurried along by the sharp slap my hand delivered the 

her left asscheek. As I watched her try to walk on her 5" heels, I looked at the 

other bikes in the parking lot. It looked like everyone got my message and had 

decided to show up for the little party I had planned. Bambi waited at the 

entrance, unsure of what to do next. "Go on in, bitch, you really don't want to 

keep my friends waiting." I pushed open the door, allowing a cloud of stale 

smoke escape into the night air. Bambi slowly stepped inside, hesitant and 

unsure of what to expect. The inside of the bar was poorly lit, the smoke from 

cigarettes made from tobacco, cloves, or other more powerful substances swirled 

in an ever changing cloud that the ventilation system could only keep mixed, not 

get rid of. Static-filled music from some unidentifiable girl group was being 

pumped out of the old sound system. I had asked Diana, the bar's owner why she 

didn't fix the old system, or even buy a newer one. She had laughed and asked if 

I really though anyone came there to dance or to listen to music? I never 

brought it up again, no sense in trying to argue her point, she was right. This 

was the type of bar where a select portion of the city's women met. Women who 

rode Harleys, drove trucks and wore leather, denim, or flannel. In short, women 

who liked sex raw, aggressive and dangerous. Dykes, leather clad and rough. The 

bar didn't offer mixed drinks, only beer or shots. No one ordered them anyway, 

except for the occasional stray tourist or lonely fem looking for a little 

danger. The former usually found derision and scorn. The later found what they 

had been hoping for, plus a little more. More than one lonely housewife or 

lipstick lesbian had walked through the mahogany doors, only to leave a changed 

woman. Some returned, others left, trying to hold together the pieces of their 

shattered self images. I had met Bambi in a similar fashion, in a different bar. 

I could see past the cool exterior, past the veneer of refinement and 

upbringing. I knew right away her need for a firm hand, capable of doling out 

much needed punishment had brought her out of the suburbs, away from her friends 

and husband. Looking for a night of passion, oh no, it's not that easy I had 

thought to myself then. Looking at her now, dressed like some two dollar whore, 

painted face, shaved pussy, and stiletto heels, I smiled. Yes, she had come far. 

Tonight was just another step down the road I had laid out for her. I pushed her 

inside, watching her struggle to keep her balance. Inside, over twenty dykes 

watched with keen interest as Bambi made her less than graceful entrance. I had 

put out the word that I had a new piece of pussy that needed some "advanced" 

training. I knew I could count on a good showing, and I wasn't disappointed. 

Bambi looked around the bar, her face showing her fear and revulsion as she took 

in the sights, sounds, and smells of the bar. 



"What's a matter, bitch? Are you too good for my friends, they just want to say 

hello?" I asked this loud enough for all to hear, smiling at the angry murmur my 

words produced in our audience.



*SLAP* "Say hello to my friends, cunt. Don't be rude!" My gloved hand left a 

bright red mark on her face.



"Mistress, please don't..." She wisely stopped when she saw the rage on my face. 

"H-hello everyone?" she asked in a small, frightened voice.



Raven, a tall leather clad dyke with shimmering black tresses walked up to 

Bambi. Without warning, she reached out and grabbed Bambi's fear-hardened 

nipples and twisted savagely. "So you think you are too good for us whore?" She 

continued to twist, making Bambi scream in pain. Bambi began to raise her hands, 

doubtlessly to offer some sort of resistance. Before she could complete her 

action, two more dykes grabbed her hands and pinned them behind her back. Raven 

continued her assault on Bambi's teats, reversing the twisting motion, making 

Bambi scream anew. 



"Drinks are on the house!" Diana announced, bringing a cheer from the crowd. As 

drink orders were being shouted, Raven's wife, Tenney walked up behind Bambi and 

stuck her hand up her skirt. Bambi squealed as three of Tenney's fingers forced 

their way into her snatch.



"The whore is all wet, Raven. She must like you." "Is that true, Bambi? Do you 

like what Raven is doing for you?" Tenney asked.



Before Bambi could answer, Raven bent down and pulled on Bambi's top. The top 

button flew off, leaving her breasts completely exposed as they popped free of 

the confining blouse. Raven took a hard nipple between her teeth and bit down 

hard, causing Bambi to utter a fresh scream. Pulling back, stretching the nipple 

far away from her chest, Raven reached under Bambi's dress, grabbed her clit, 

and pinched hard! Bambi gasped, arching her back, pulling her nipple from 

between Raven's teeth. The scream that followed this caused everyone to fall 

silent, heads turning to watch Bambi to sink to her knees, sobbing as tears 

rolled down her cheeks. Applause from the appreciative crowd filled the bar, 

drowning out Bambi's sounds of agony. As I ordered my beer, I could see another 

woman pressing Bambi's face into the floor with her butt while another lifted 

her skirt up and over her ass, exposing the white cheeks for all to see. As I 

turned away, I could hear the sound of a leather strap striking flesh. As I took 

a drink, the crowd began to chant, counting the blows that were raining down on 

Bambi's upturned ass. As I finished the beer, I could tell the arm of Bambi's 

punisher was growing tired. As she began to falter, I could hear Bambi's voice, 

pleading and begging for mercy. As I moved to the front of the crowd, I was 

greeted by the sight of Bambi's butt, scarlet stripes crisscrossing both cheeks. 

Bambi was babbling, begging for her release.



A powerfully built African woman pulled Bambi up, bending her backwards, and 

exposing her wobbling tits to the crowd. Her partner, a petite Asian with a 

permanent look of cruel disdain on her face walked in front of Bambi, a short 

leather bullwhip trailing from her hand. I leaned back, watching Minko practice 

her art. Lash after lash crossed her breasts, each landing next to the last, yet 

not once overlapping. Bambi's voice grew hoarse from her continued shrieking. 

Greta, the African restraining Bambi, held her immobile for her partner. 

Finally, Minko finished, wets of purple-red agony ran up and down Bambi's front. 

From the look in her eyes, I knew she had been broken. She no longer tried to 

struggle, her voice to raw to scream anymore. Only the tears rolling endlessly 

down her cheeks gave silent testimony to her mental and emotional state. I 

watched as she was pushed once again to the ground, A strap-on wielding dyke at 

her rear, ready to ride my little slut. Another had removed her leather pants, 

and was pressing Bambi's face between her moist thighs. I smiled as the strap-on 

owner lubricated her "cock" with bengay cream, ensuring that the whore would 

feel her drilling all the more. A line of partially and fully naked women began 

to line up at each end of Bambi. Each one would demand some sort of 

satisfaction.



After an hour or so, I checked up on my little pet. She was lying in a heap, her 

hair disheveled. Her make-up was smeared all over her whore's face. Drying pussy 

juice was plastered all over her face, sticky and tacky, it was holding the 

pubic hairs of at least 15 women onto her chin and cheeks. Her tongue was 

sticking out, red and swollen from prolonged and repeated oral service. Her 

other end hadn't been neglected either. Her anus was stretched and inflamed, the 

result of numerous dildos pummeling it, each dipped in bengay, to further 

inflame her sensitive tissues. Her cunt was puffy, the lips purple and 

distended. How many fists had found a home there tonight, I wondered? Ten or 

twelve at least. As I watched, several women picked her up and tied her 

spread-eagle between two posts. A tube of lipstick was used to draw a bulls-eye 

on each cheek of her as. Several women had decided that a friendly game of darts 

was in order. As the game began, someone took an empty beer bottle and shoved it 

up her cunt. A lit cigarette was used to warm her nipples as bets were taken as 

to how long she could hold it in place. The games continued. At one point, a 

pair of alligator clips were placed on her swollen, bruised, burnt nipples. They 

were tied off to a heavy stone ashtray. Bambi was made to crawl the length of 

the bar several times, the heavy weight pulling and tugging at her bleeding 

nipples. To give her some motivation, everyone lined up in a double line, using 

belts, straps, and paddles on her now purple, bruised ass. 



After this, everyone had had several beers and bladders were full. I sensed she 

was at the end of her physical limits. As a finale. she served as a toilet for 

everyone, making sure to thank each woman for her piss. Several women delighted 

in moving, ensuring her now filthy torn blouse was stained yellow as well. Her 

blond hair was now soaked and matted. Dirt and cigarette ashes and filth dulled 

it and made it hang in limp, dingy masses against her face. I realised she was 

in no condition to ride on my motorcycle. I asked if anyone with a truck would 

like to give me a hand taking her home. A friend of mine, Blair, quickly agreed 

and with the help of three others Bambi was tied to the roll bar of her truck. 

On the ride home, I was treated with the sight of three women fisting her ass 

and cunt on the open road, giving all the other drivers a free show.



When we reached her house, she was untied and unceremoniously dumped on her 

front lawn. I helped to drag her to the front door, kicking it in and pulling 

her inside. Joe was waiting just as I had instructed him to. He was sitting on 

the couch, naked and waiting. Livid bruises covered his chest, arms, back, and 

legs. I could see the pain movement caused him, as he stiffly rose to his feet. 

Nothing like a good beating to get his attention I thought. I took out my knife, 

snapping blade into place. His eyes went wide at the pitiful sight his wife 

made, weakly crawling into the living room. "See what you caused Joe? Are you 

ready to stop fighting me Joe?" I gave him a play by play run down of the nights 

activities. By the time I was done, tears were streaking down his cheeks. I held 

the knife up for him to see. "Don't make this harder or messier than this has to 

be. Time for you to learn your place in our relationship once and for all." 



"Get over here bitch" I ordered. Bambi shuffled over, as retched and miserable 

looking as anyone I had ever seen. I had her crawl in front of Joe, looking up 

at him. I ordered her to start lightly sucking his cock. His cock immediately 

rose to its full length. I pushed Bambi back, his cock popping from her mouth, 

dripping precum at this slight stimulation from his wife. I reached down and 

unzipped my jeans. I pulled my rubber cock out for the first time tonight, 

smiling at the look of lust that sprang up in Bambi's eyes. "Ok Bambi, you 

decide which cock you want, my fake one or your husband's real one. He has been 

waiting for several months now for the chance to fuck you again. Which will it 

be?" I watched smiling as Joe pleaded with his eyes, desperate for the chance to 

be with his wife again.



"I want you Mistress, I don't want his cock, only yours." she croaked, her vocal 

chords strained from screaming.



I looked at Joe, seeing the effect of these words on him. He looked so crushed 

by them, so utterly defeated, I had to laugh. Chuckling, I told him "Sorry Joe, 

you heard what she said, I left it up to her, can't be more fair than that. 

Besides, I haven't fucked anything all night. I have needs too, you know." I 

followed his eyes as I stroked my cock, watching them follow the motion of my 

hand as it traveled up and down the 10" length of my fat dildo. 



"You could fuck me" I heard him say in a weak voice. I saw his face flush with 

embarrassment.



"What a good idea. I could fuck you, then Bambi would be free to help you cum" I 

said. Joe nodded enthusiastically. "Oh sorry Joe, I only fuck my slaves, not 

their husbands. Too bad!" I watched as he impact of my words registered on him. 

He knew what I wanted, what it would cost him. I left the choice up to him, 

because that would make his surrender more complete.



"I would like to be your slave, Robyn."



"Are you sure, you know what I will take from you?" I asked pointing to the 

ground with the knife.



"Yes Ma'am," he replied, sinking to all fours without being told. He raised his 

ass, offering it to me.



"Suck him cunt, but don't swallow." I ordered. Bambi rolled onto her back and 

began to suck his penis. I positioned the fat head of my cock up against his 

quivering anus. Without stopping, I drove the unlubricated shaft in his ass, 

splitting it open like a ripe cherry. I smiled as Joe screamed with pain as the 

blood began to flow inside of him. I began to pump in and out of his bleeding 

ass. "Fucking your slave pussy, Joe. This is my pussy now, and don't you ever 

fucking forget it, slut." I hissed, punctuating every word with another savage 

thrust into his ruptured ass. I picked up the pace as I heard him moan, as his 

orgasm overtook him. "Yes slave, get used to it, this is how you will cum from 

now on, with my cock up your whore pussy." Joe bucked as his cock exploded into 

his wife's hot, eager mouth. Finally, his spasms subsided and I pulled out of 

him. As my bloodstained cock withdrew, bright red blood ran out of his gaping 

slave cunt. I watched it run down his crack to drip off his ballsack onto my 

slut's forehead as she sucked the last few drops of cum out of his twitching 

cock. "Feed him his cum, slut." I shoved my cock into my pants and zipped them 

up. I watched them kiss, Joe swallowing as Bambi fed him his worthless sperm. As 

I walked to the door, I shouted out "Tell him about tonight, slut, Leave out 

nothing. Next week it's your turn Joe!" 



Two weak voices answered as I was closing the door, "Yes Mistress!" I smiled.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  scarlett minx


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





