BDSM Library - At Her Whim




At Her Whim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Femdom, Male sub, B/D, Consensual, CBT






At Her Whim





Part 1



I wake up next morning, as always, in your bed. I tried to roll over and nuzzle 

you awake which was one of our routines every morning, when I realised that I am 

tied spread-eagled to the bed. I was already naked when I went to sleep last 

night so I was not surprised by this fact.



I call out for you and am glad to see you walk in and enter the room. I notice 

you wearing your silken nightie and a long sheer flowing robe both red in 

colour.



"Good morning, my pet," you greet me with a smile on your face. "Did you sleep 

well? Do you like your morning surprise?"



A look of nervousness crosses my face; you brush the hair out of my face and 

kiss me on the forehead. You smile and I hear that soft little giggle of yours. 

The type of giggle you make when you are about to have fun with me.



I start to squirm a little and you're a very pleased to see that I cannot move 

and I'm held fast to the bed. "I am so glad that you are a heavy sleeper, my 

pet. It was so easy to tie you up when you are not aware that it is even 

happening to you. Do you want to know what I have in store for you? I am going 

to use you and torment you the whole daylong. You will not move from this bed 

for the rest of the day. You might as well get comfortable, my pet."



You smile as you move closer to my cock and smile as you see it twitching and 

dancing for your pleasure. "Good boy, you are already hard in the morning. Tell 

me, what did you dream about that made you this hard. I hope it was about me."



"Yes, Mistress. All of my dreams are about you. And I did have a wonderful dream 

about you last night."



"I'm pleased to her that, boy. Because I had a wonderful dream last night about 

you, and now I am going to live it for the rest of the day. I'm going to use my 

little pet for the whole day."



You smile as you bend down and kiss the head of my cock. Watching it twitch and 

squirm. Wrapping your gentle, smooth hands around the base you start squeezing 

out a little of the precum that is already on the head and begin to suck the 

head of the cock.



A smile crosses your lip as you see me wiggle and arch my hips. "Mmm. Good boy. 

You are so tasty this morning, I'm pleased by it, but I'm not going to make you 

cum 'til much, much later today. You will stay like this the whole day. I will 

have my way with you for the entire day. You are at my every whim today, pet. Do 

you understand?"



A small trickle of sweat forms on my brow as my mind races a mile a minute 

thinking about what you would possibly do to me all day. "Yes, Mistress. I 

understand."



"Good boy. You are a smart boy and you will be at my every whim today." You 

start to slip off of your robe and nightie. My eyes nearly bulge out as I gaze 

at your naked body before me. You start to slide up my legs and start to play 

with my cock, watching it twitch some more and grow to its full potential. You 

smile as you give it a few quick jerks and sucking on the head some more as you 

taste the seed inside. "Mmm. Good boy, so sweet and yummy precum. I am going to 

have so much fun with you today."



You get off of the bed and start to dress for the day. I watch as you put on 

your clothes and start to brush your long hair. You turn back to me and smile. 

"You didn't think I was going to be home all day, did you. Did you think that I 

would stay home and play with you all day. That would be too much fun for you 

wouldn't it? You are at my whim today, aren't you?"



I nod a look of disappointment on my face. A devilish grin on yours. "Good boy. 

I have a few errands to run today for later. Don't worry, I won't be gone long, 

and I am locking the door so nobody else comes inside. Just one more thing I 

almost forgot."



You reach under the bed and pull out a long piece of surgical tubing and start 

to place it over the head of my long, hard cock. I wince a little as you snap it 

on in place, then step back to admire your work.



"There, that's better, we wouldn't want you to ruin the nice new satin sheets 

with your urine. The tube is connected to a jar, you can pee all day long and 

it'll just go into the jar. You see I have thought of everything for today. Now 

be a good boy while I'm gone." You walk out of the room, taking one last look at 

your tied up pet and giggling as you walk out. The last thing I hear is the 

sound of the door closing and locking in place.



I rest my head on the bed and look up at the ceiling and sigh to myself. "This 

IS going to be a long day."



Part 2



I don't know how long she was gone, but I heard her keys rattling in the lock 

and the door opening. Then footsteps were ascending the staircase slowly towards 

the bedroom. I smiled with joy as I saw Mistress entering the bedroom and 

smiling towards me as she took off the catheter that had been around my cock. 

The bottle was almost full with urine and she went to go dump it into the 

bathroom. Returning she dropped her shopping bags to the floor and looked and me 

with a soft, tender smile.



"Hello my pet. Are you alright?" she spoke to me softly as she started to stroke 

my cock, "Did you miss me while I was gone?" I nodded in response as she 

continued her methodical stroking on my cock as she spoke. Then bending down she 

started sucking the cock head noticing that precum was already forming on the 

tip.



She looked up and licked her lips at me seeing the torturous look on my face as 

she started bringing me closer and closer to the edge once more. "Yes, my pet. I 

am so enjoying this moment. You are going to be tortured all day today and not 

going to be going anywhere. I did a little bit of shopping while I was out and 

am going to have fun with you as my toy today."



She continued to stroke and suck at the precum on my cock faster and faster. My 

hips and back were arching towards her. My face showing the anguish from being 

forced to hold back. My whole body concentrating on holding back. Mistress then 

reached down into one of her bags and brought out a shiny cock ring and slapped 

it onto my cock.



"That's better. I like to have MY things decoratedand it is MINE, right pet. You 

have no control over MY cock, isn't that right." She always talks to me that way 

in a voice so sweet and pure that it is hard to say no. The kind of sweet voice 

that you'd go out and give the world to if it was in your power.



"Yes, Mistress. It is your cock. Your play toy. Yours forever." I was aching 

with being on edge from cumming that I would have given anything to her at this 

point.



"That's right my pet. Mine and mine alone. To do with WHATEVER I want. You are a 

good pet and are learning my needs and desire very quickly. I'm very proud of 

you. You deserve a little reward for that."



She left the room and quickly came back with a baby's bottle in her hand and 

grinned at me. A soft teasing giggle escaping her. "Since he has not eaten 

anything all day, I'll bet my baby is hungry. Are you hungry?"



I nodded back to her hearing my stomach rumbling from the lack of food from this 

morning. "Yes, Mistress. I am a little hungry. I do feel a little weak."



"Good. I like to have you just a little bit weak. If you have no strength, you 

can't resist me. But I am not a cruel Mistress and so I will give you a little 

something to drink." She plopped the bottle into my mouth and had me suck on it. 

The liquid didn't taste too bad and I could feel a little of my strength 

returning. "Good boy drink it all up. It's a protein drink. Give you lots of 

strength, but not too much. I like having you unable to break free and resist 

me."



As I continued to suck on the bottle, Mistress played with my cock more and 

more. My cock twitching and growing, for her amusement and pleasure. "Men are 

always thinking with this thing. Such a shame too. They ignore the needs of 

woman, their feelings, their desires, and their wants. They put themselves ahead 

of women. No romance, no foreplay, just sex. That's all they want is sex. I am 

going to teach my boy not to think with this thing. I am teaching my boy that it 

is I who come first, isn't that right my boy?"



My body was in so much pain from holding back that I would do anything to be 

made to cum. Mistress stroking and teasing of my cock was sending wave after 

wave of pleasure inside of me. It was so hard to be holding back right now.



Mistress just smiled and me and continued her stocking and occasional sucking. 

Then, she smiled and got a very wicked thought in her mind. Taking the bottle 

away from me, she bent down under the bed to her packages, she opened up a very 

interesting looking box. Opening it up, I felt my eyes bugging out. Right before 

my eyes was a vibrating dildo. Mistress saw my reaction and her smile got even 

bigger.



"Yes, boy. I went shopping today and bought some toys for me. I am going to see 

what they can do for my pleasure. And my pleasure is torturing you. My new toy." 

She lubed up the dildo and slowly started to insert in inside of my ass. I could 

feel it pinch slightly as it was worked its way inside of me. Then Mistress 

turned it on and my body arched and shivered with pleasure. Wonderful, torturous 

pleasure. I could feel as if I was going to explode right there.



Mistress just smiled at me and chuckled. Seeing the look on my face as I started 

growing used to the pleasure rod inside of me. "Good boy. That doesn't hurt now. 

Just feel it inside of you. Buzzing you. Pleasuring you."



My body arched and trembled. Mistress was teasing me so badly that it was hard 

to hold back my orgasm. She continued to suck at my cock and then licking her 

lips she sat up.



I started to scream and moan with pleasure. Each time the dildo buzzed my male 

g-spot and sending pleasure throughout my system. Mistress had a huge smile on 

as she heard my moans and screams of pleasure.



"My boy is going to get used to that. He is going to learn to hold back his 

orgasm under every circumstance until I give the order to cum. And you are not 

ready to cum, yet. You are not going to cum. I will be right back. I need 

something to eat. I had a big day shopping and I want to try out everything that 

I bought. And I should try out everything, don't you agree my pet?"



I love when she calls me her pet. I moaned and cried out, "Yes, Mistress. I am 

helpless to resist you. You are the one who controls me."



"Good boy. Now don't go anywhere," she said with a laugh on her face, "I'll be 

right back." With that she left me with the vibrating dildo deep in my ass. My 

cock hard from the cock ring. My balls aching for release. I craned my neck to 

look at the clock. It had just struck noon. The day was half over (or was it).



Part 3



When Mistress came back, she was dressed all in leather. She had on her high 

heel leather boots, long black gloves, and her leather one piece corset outfit. 

In her hand was a crop that she was smacking against the palm of her hand. She 

looked down at me and smiled her wicked grin. "Tell me, my pet. How is your ass 

feeling now? Is it sore? Is it numb?"



I just laid there and nodded to her questions. My ass was feeling so raw and 

sore from the dildo buzzing my ass. All Mistress did was smile at me. I saw the 

look of pleasure on her face. I could tell that she loved seeing me like this. 

Slowly she started to remove the dildo, turning it off.



Then reaching into her bag, she pulled out a rather large ball gag. The ball 

went deep into my mouth. Then she reached behind my head and fastened it into 

place. Her cleavage was right in my face and I couldn't help by look down her 

outfit to get a better look.



She looked up and slapped my face. "How DARE you look there, boy! You were 

thinking of your own pleasures again, weren't you? You were trying to please 

yourself and not your Mistress! You were thinking with your cock, again! I'm 

going to put a stop to that!"



She took her crop and brought it high into the air. I could hear it slice the 

air as it found its mark right on the head of my cock! My body was on fire! I 

arched my hips and back and let out a scream that was muffled by the ball gag.



Again she smacked my cock head and again my body arched and twitched. Tears were 

starting to form in my eyes and I could feel some of them trickle down my face. 

She just looked at me and shook her head in disapproval. "I thought we were 

making some progress, my pet. But you still need another lesson in control your 

little penis. But after today I guarantee you will never think with your cock 

again. You are for MY pleasure. Your cock, balls, and body belong to ME now and 

I will use them when I am ready, not when you are ready."



She went right to work on my sore, swollen cock. First she reached into her bags 

and brought out several candles and lit them, leaving them to bathe the room in 

candlelight. Then taking some string, she began to tie my cock and balls and to 

separate them. Making sure the rope was extra tight and biting into my now 

sensitive cock and balls.



Then she pulled out several clothespins and started to place them around my 

balls. She had bought the plastic colourful ones so my cock started looking like 

a psychedelic flower from the 70's.



My balls were starting to ache from the swelling and the pain coursed through my 

body. I screamed and yelled into the ball gag. Mistress looked up from her work 

and smiled to me, "what's the matter, my pet? Don't you like the way your balls 

look, now? These are my balls. I should be able to decorate them anyway I want 

to and make them look anyway they want to. Don't you agree?"



All I could do was nod and scream. Mistress looked at me and started to chuckle 

at me, "My poor boy. So helpless and so mine! You are mine, boy! Mine forever 

and ever. I'm teaching you this for your own good. The world would be a much 

better place if men never thought with their cocks. Think of it, pet, I'm making 

this world a better place because you will not be thinking with this thing ever. 

It'll just be another toy for my amusement and pleasure."



She then reached for the candle and dropped a few drops of hot wax onto the very 

tip of my cock, covering the hole in wax. Then slowly and methodically, she 

dripped some up and down the shaft, bathing it in wax, moulding it into a 

colourful phallus.



My body ached and I moaned at the top of my lungs, but it did not do any good. 

The ball gag wedged into my mouth muffled the sounds. Mistress just smiled and 

hummed to herself as her used, tortured, and welded my cock with the wax.



After she let the wax dry, she ripped it off, causing even more pain for me. 

Then licking her lips, she started to lick the shaft of my cock once again, 

making love to it with her warm, wet mouth. I moaned loudly again. Never before 

had I been made to hold back my orgasm. I had never been denied cumming for a 

woman. But I knew that she meant what she said. That if I came for her before 

she told me to, she would beat it and torture it more.



My cock was so sore now, so raw and used. I couldn't help but just lay there and 

let her do this to me. She looked up from her licking and started to stroke my 

cock slowly in her hands. "Very good, pet. You are doing such a good job of 

holding back for me. You know that I control you. I have full control over you 

and you are allowing it. You are helpless to resist me cause you know that I am 

the only one for you. Your cock now knows who owns it and who controls it. Your 

cock will now react for me whenever I am around and it will obey my orders." She 

removed the ball gag so I could speak to her.



"Mistress, you are right. I don't want to think with my cock anymore. You own 

it. You control it. Because you control my cock, you also control me, I'm your 

pet forever."



"Very good, pet. You are right. I do control you and your cock. I'm going to 

take very good care of my cock. You will never have to worry about it again."



These last few words made me a little confused, but I just ignored it and just 

relaxed under her control. Mistress' stroking sped up and I could feel myself 

about to burst from the cum building up in my balls. Mistress then stopped and 

started to remove the clothespins and rope and the cock ring, leaving my cock 

naked before her.



She then started stroking again faster and faster speaking to me her wishes, 

"your cum is mine, pet. Only I get to feed from it. And I get to feed whenever I 

want to. You may cum several times a day or you may only cum once a week, but I 

will control when you cum and don't cum. I control your cock and balls and I 

also control you. Your life now belongs to me, isn't that right pet?"



"Yes, Mistress. I love your control over me. You are the only one who I live for 

now. I obey your every orders and will obey your every wishes and your desires."



"Good boy. You have learned not to think with your cock. You have given it to me 

now. It is my cock, and I will take care of it. Now cum boy! Cum for your 

Mistress and as you cum you will give your cock and will over to me and obey my 

every commands."



At her words my body lit up and I came hard and fast for her. My cum flew out of 

my cock and I orgasmed for my Mistress. I gasped and moaned as I had the most 

powerful orgasm of my life. No woman had ever done that to me.



Mistress smiled and tasted it and smiled to me, "Mmmit is very good boy. I am 

pleased with your taste and I am sure I will feed often. My cock will only feed 

me and I will take care of it."



With those words, she bent down and pulled out of her bag a metal object. I 

couldn't quite see what it was until she held it up in front of me and I could 

see that it was a chastity belt.



"You see, pet. My cock will be kept safe and sound from other women. I know how 

men's eyes like to wander, well now, they cant wander far, because I hold the 

only key to this belt." With that, she clamped the belt over my cock and balls 

and locked it firmly in place.



She showed me the key that hung around her neck and dangled it in front of my 

face. "I have the key, I have your cock, I have your balls, and I have you. You 

are now completely mine. Now and forever."



She laughed as she untied me and left the room. Her words still hung around my 

ears as I felt the cold steel surround my cock and balls and hugged my waist. A 

smile stretched across my face as I realised what she meant by taking care of 

her cock and I knew that she would not let my cock out of its new home until she 

was ready. I got up from the bed and followed my Mistress, ready to begin my 

life as her little pet. The only place I felt I ever wanted to be was at her 

side. For now and forever.



The End.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter/


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





