BDSM Library - Beach Balls




Beach Balls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Femdom, Brutality, Humiliation






Beach Balls



Michelle Johnson liked what she was seeing.



Her daughter Keesha was getting lots of attention. Now that Michelle was laying 

face down on the towel, the attention of the men on the beach had shifted from 

Michelle to the curvy little twelve-year-old who was standing in the sand next 

to her, undressing.



Michelle had chosen this spot because of all the men that were nearby - Michelle 

loved to be watched. When she and Keesha got out of the car, Michelle stripped 

to her bikini right away, so she could fox her way through the parking lot. She 

loved showing off her body; she loved the stares she got, the second looks. She 

was a dancer in an adult video store; for four hours a day she shook her black 

ass every which way, working the men behind the glass. She knew how to read 

their faces, she knew from their eyes what they wanted.



Some men liked her to spread her pussy lips, they loved the sight of wet pink 

flesh against black skin. Some got off on the sound she made slapping her tight 

little ass. And then there were the other men, the ones she liked best - the 

ones that needed a good talking to. She'd see it in their eyes, that secret 

hunger they didn't even know they had. She'd lean close to the glass, and say 

the sorts of things nice girls wouldn't say: "C'mon, gimmie $10...Whatcha want, 

white boy?"



Then, depending on their reaction: "...Wanna kiss my ass?" There was a certain 

type of man that liked to be spoken to like that. Michelle would spit the words 

out and she'd watch their eyes glaze over. Their face would go slack for a 

moment, lost in some little-boy feeling.



And then she knew. She knew just how to work a "man" like this. The music would 

be pulsing, she'd hear the girls in the adjacent booths dancing around, but 

Michelle would get real quiet. She'd lean down from her raised dance area and 

put her face near the little window that they looked through. She'd speak softly 

to him, looking deeply into his eyes.



"Whatsa matta wit you? Yo thing not workin' no mo?"



She didn't even have to get undressed for them; she didn't even have to dance. 

No, once she started talking like that it was all they wanted, all they'd 

dreamed of.



She'd smirk at them as they started masturbating in the darkness below the 

window.



"You rubbin' that dirty little thing?"



And they'd be so ashamed! So flushed, as if masturbating in a place like that 

was something wrong! "You wanna do that you betta push some bills through!" And 

the bills would start coming, and she'd glare at them with contempt. "Dat all 

you got?" They'd push some more through, and if it was enough she'd do her 

thing. She'd push her ass up against the glass, she'd bend way over and look at 

him from underneath. "I need a good lickin' down there. Yeah, you be good for 

that."



By now they'd really be going at it, not trying to hide what they were doing 

down there in the dark. Michelle knew her boys well; she made sure they emptied 

their wallets before they spilled their stuff.



They were good customers, those boys. Boys like that would come almost every 

day, and they'd come only for her.



Today, though, they'd be disappointed - it was Michelle's day off. Summer was 

ending too quickly, there wouldn't too many more days like this, days when she 

and Keesha could stretch out in the sand and feel the sun reach all the way down 

inside them. The spot Michelle chose was littered with white trash families that 

were visiting from up north. The couples sat near the shore so the mothers could 

watch their kids dig in the wet sand. The men pretended to watch, but whenever a 

nice piece of ass walked by they would forget all about the kids. And Michelle 

was the nicest piece on the beach.



At least until Keesha started undressing.



She did it just like Michelle told her. Slow, like she was going to take all 

day. Catch their attention early. Give them time to notice. Keesha was a little 

dark Cleopatra, her black face was hidden beneath the droop of her thick 

Jamaican braids. Her skin was the color of coffee, and Michelle and her daddy 

had combined to give her body the most perfect shape. Michelle was a little 

heavy around her thighs, and her legs were a bit too short, but Keesha got the 

lower part of her body from her daddy, and so she was perfect. First she pulled 

her white T-shirt over her head, exposing her shapely black torso. Every stomach 

muscle was tight and defined, and yet her overall shape still had the grace of a 

child. Every man on the beach was looking her way.



There was one man that took particular notice. A middle aged man, in his early 

forties. Michelle could see that his wife was talking to him, saying something 

about the toddler that was sitting in the surf a few yards away. He wasn't 

paying the slightest attention--his interest was elsewhere. He wasn't staring. 

No, he knew Keesha was a child, and he shouldn't. Still, his eyes would never 

wander far from her, every second or so they would flit back, to catch another 

quick look at Keesha's latest move.



The best part was now. Keesha shimmied out of her shorts. She had her back to 

the man, and his mouth dropped when he saw her. The little girl was wearing the 

thong that Michelle bought for her. It was just a thin green strip pulled 

invisibly up between her cheeks. His eyes locked on her, and this time they 

didn't look away. Bingo. He couldn't look away now. Keesha had the sort of butt 

men dream of. Even at twelve she had the full shape, the full moonlike crescents 

that invite dark wishes.



Keesha kicked her shorts aside, and bent down to lay face down in the sand, 

hesitating slightly to give the man a nice underside peek as she did so. 

Michelle sat up and started rubbing lotion on her daughter. It was noon, the 

heat of the sun had burned away the morning haze. She rubbed the lotion into her 

hands, and then applied it gently all around her back. Michelle untied the bow 

string of Keesha's top, so she could draw her open hands freely along the length 

of her shoulders. She slowed down as she proceeded, taking her time down the 

valley of her lower back, until she got where she wanted to go. It was nice to 

care for Keesha like this. Loving, intimate attention. She slowed down, 

spreading the lotion all over Keesha's ass while she talked about the way she 

undressed. Michelle told Keesha how beautiful she was, and she told her about 

all the men on the beach. How closely they all watched her, and how each one 

seemed to find one particular part of her body to focus on. Keesha had her eyes 

closed. Michelle knew she was listening closely to everything she said. She 

continued rubbing her ass gently, softly, feeling the slight brush of the tiny 

light hairs that were lit by the sun. Michelle told her she was so beautiful, so 

perfect, that there were men that would see her for a brief moment, and then 

never forget her. She'd be the model of all they wanted, and no other woman 

would ever do. She told her about the nearby man, the one that looked the 

hardest. The way his mouth dropped when she pulled her shorts down.



Even now he was watching, even with her back turned Michelle could feel his 

attention. He was studying her while his wife continued to drone on. He ignored 

her chatter while he watched, riveted by the sight of what Michelle was doing to 

Keesha.



Michelle spotted it the first time he looked at her little girl.



It was that look -- the look of one of her boys.



===



Rick Williams couldn't stop thinking of the little black girl. He was shuffling 

through the hot sand, heading towards the high dunes that stood between the 

beach and the parking lot. The concession stand was on the other side of the 

dunes. He told his wife that he needed to buy some cigarettes. But what he 

really needed was to be by himself, to get away from that girl, it was like she 

was teasing him. There was something about her, some precocious seductiveness 

that stirred him up inside.



Some time ago, Rick had started to take an interest in young girls. The older he 

got, the more attractive they seemed. Sex with his wife had become routine. He'd 

be on top of her, frantically pushing into that old pussy, hunting within 

himself for some blend of sensation and inner fantasy that would set him off. So 

he'd be done. Sex with her had an almost desperate quality now. He was afraid 

that he was becoming impotent; It seemed to take longer and longer to get hard. 

And he was never sure of himself. Just the slightest look of impatience, or 

worse boredom, on his wife's part, and he'd lose it. And God, did he hate the 

moments after that. Silence so heavy he could barely breathe, she wouldn't even 

look at him.



But young girls! He was always watching. He'd be at the mall, and spot some 

little cupcake. At first it was just a curiosity, he liked their cuteness, their 

fresh faces, the way their eyes sparkled over their little turned up noses. 

That's how it started. But soon darker feelings rose up in him, his body began 

to react to the way they walked, the way their butts moved in their shorts. He 

thought of them when he masturbated, he imagined rubbing his cock along their 

soft inner crevices. No, there would be no problem getting hard with one of 

them; there was magic in those tight, blossoming petals, and eyes that looked to 

you without expectations, without demands. Especially if you were the first man 

to get inside.



And he was hard now, thinking of that little black one. She was probably no more 

than thirteen. Imagine, wearing a thong at that age! What was her mother 

thinking letting her wear something like that? Especially with an ass like that! 

Back on the beach he saw a few other men look at her, they'd be walking along 

the edge of the water, and they'd see that perfect black ass shimmering in the 

sun. They'd slow their pace, they would settle in for a good long look, and then 

they'd realize how old she was. But then instead of staring, leering, they'd 

take these quick looks. After a minute they'd notice Rick, they'd realize they 

were both looking at the same thing. They'd exchange a silent glance, a secret 

understanding. Yeah, I like that stuff too. Yeah, imagine the way that your dick 

would feel inside that little honey.



Rick was at the concession stand now; he took a place in line behind a couple of 

nine year old girls. They were both strawberry blondes, and a full summer in the 

sun had given their small bodies the color of wet sand. They were both wearing 

bikinis, one was white with a pattern of blood-red cherries, and the other was 

bright blue, and both the top and bottom were just thin panels held together 

with strings and a few large bows. Christ, what was with the world today? 

Nine-year-olds putting it out there right in front of you. They were fooling 

around; they were giggling and pushing each other. Rick wondered if one of them 

would get pushed against him. Against his hardon. He was thinking of this when 

he felt an inner shiver.



That little black girl was walking this way.



He turned and watched her, coming through the gap in the sand dunes. Her hips 

rocked with a graceful sway. He looked down and admired the shape of her legs, 

the bends and the curves of them as she strode his way. Strange, but now that 

his wife wasn't around and he could stare directly, something came alive in him 

that he hadn't felt in years. Boldness. Daring. He knew he was as hard as a rock 

in his shorts, and it felt so good! So fuckin' good! He felt like a kid again. 

Loaded, like he was 17, and could hammer away at pussy all night long. He felt 

so alive! Especially when he looked at her mound, the neon green of her thong 

pulled tight against it, showing the fullness of her black snatch. He felt like 

a young buck.



He was still looking back towards her, and he smiled at her as she approached.



"What the hell," he thought, "I'll be two hundred miles away tomorrow."



His vacation was over, tomorrow morning he'd be back in the van with his wife, 

back to a life that had already chrushed him. She got on line behind him, she 

seemed to smile back at him ever so slightly, and then look down. A firefly 

moment. But maybe it was it his imagination. He looked closely at her -- her 

eyes were hidden the by long thick braids that fell around her face.



"What's your name?" The words just came out of him. So strange, like it was 

another person speaking...



"Keesha." Now she looked at him, there was a brief flash of white within her 

dreadlocks before she looked down again.



Finger lickin' good.



The nine year olds in front of him picked up some sodas and walked away. Rick 

looked at the woman at the counter.



"Pack of Kools."



She looked at the two of them a minute. He realized that she probably heard him 

say hello to the little girl and she was watching, wondering what was going 

down. He stared coldly at her, until she turned and got the cigarettes. "Fuckin' 

busybody," he thought to himself. He turned back to Keesha, glancing down at her 

little tits. They were tiny, but her nipples were huge, poking through the 

microthin green top like birthday candles. The woman got his cigarettes and gave 

them to him with a quick, irritated toss.



"Hey mista, can I have one of them?"



She was staring at him with bright, knowing eyes. Rick's heart started slamming 

in his chest. He looked back at her, he saw the light in her unblinking eyes, 

and everything changed. Yes, she was a little minx. There was no way he could 

turn his back on something this fine. He'd never forget her.



"Sure." He took the pack out of his pocket, and took one out. He held it in his 

hand, not offering it, hesitating, because a thought rose in him. He could feel 

the stare of the woman in the stand behind him, but he didn't care. "I mean, 

you're kind of young to be smoking. Maybe we..." - he started shaking - "...can 

go..." - he could feel the pulse in his temples - "...s-s-somewhere?"



She looked up at him. She knew.



Oh God! He felt like he was stepping off a cliff.



"Yeah..." She pointed to a small building made of cinder blocks that sat within 

another row of dunes. It was a beach club; there were showers on either side of 

the building, with rows of windows along the top, way above eye level. There was 

high beach grass all around the building that would hide them. "...Yeah, we be 

by ourselves over behind there."



She started to walk, and he followed her. Time seemed to stop for him, he could 

feel the heat of the sand on his bare feet. There was a slight salty breeze, a 

breeze that carried a part of him away. The world he knew, his wife and family 

and job seemed so distant now. He followed her, looking at the shiny globes of 

her ass.



He knew he would cross a boundary here, something frightening. She was just a 

kid, but, Jesus, there was something devilish about her. He hadn't been this 

hard in years. He knew he'd be leaving tomorrow, there was no way the police 

could find him. This was his chance. He wanted to do it, really do it, just once 

more before he died.



Every once in a while she'd turn and glance back at him. He'd look up from her 

ass, and see those eyes, and the shy little smile on her face.



They walked down the right side of the building. He could hear the running water 

through the windows above his head.



When she got around the back of it, she turned and faced him. He offered her the 

cigarette - he'd kept it in his hand all during their walk, and it was slightly 

bent from the unconscious tension in his hand. She leaned back against the wall. 

The early afternoon sun fell across her body like a spotlight, showing every 

bend, every curve. She put it in her mouth, and he struck a match, and lit it. 

She took a few slow puffs, looking not at him, but down at the sand.



"What you want, mista?" Her eyes flew up at him; this was a look of boldness, 

she was leaning against the wall, waiting. Her lips were long and full, she 

licked her tongue along them quickly, and he knew what he wanted. Still, he was 

unsure of this.



"E-E-Ever seen a guy's dick?"



The moment was filled with faraway surf and the shrieks of distant children.



"Lets see what you got."



Christ!



He reached his hands down by his hips, and started lowering his trunks. Slowly, 

watching the reaction on her face, listening to the faraway beach sounds, and 

the call of the seagulls circling above them. He exposed his hair, and then 

pulled his trunks down against the length of his cock, which sprang free when he 

pushed them down far enough.



She was only as tall as his shoulder. He stood there showing himself, showing 

her what men are like down there, what men really wanted. He waited for the 

reaction in her face. Looking for the surprise, or the shock at the sight of 

something so big, so rude. Something she'd be dealing with for the rest of her 

life.



The little black girl just looked down at it. She took a drag on her cigarette.



And she started to smile.



"Shit. That is one SORRY-ASSED LITTLE THING!"



His mouth fell open in shock, he could feel the heat rise on his skin.



"FUCK, I seen bigger dicks in fuckin' GRAMMAR SCHOOL."



He could feel the blood rush to his cheeks, the pulse he had been feeling in his 

cock was now up in his face, an open wound of shame. Little bitch!



She looked up at him, still leaning back against the wall. Seeing his reaction, 

liking what she did to him. Flicking, snake-like eyes flashing contempt.



"Man, get that USELESS PIECE OF SHIT outta my face!"



Cunt! Fucking little black cunt! Her laughter cut into him like a razor, he 

looked down at himself, and saw he had gone soft. He drew the fingers of his 

right hand together in a fist...



But she was way too quick. As he drew his fist back, she bent away and like a 

jaguar she kicked her leg out, driving her heel into the pelvic bone at the 

crest of his cock hair. His legs fell out from under him, and he dropped to the 

ground. He tried sitting up for a moment, but there was too much pain. Rivers of 

sharp fire rose through his body, and he slumped back on the ground.



Now she was standing there, he looked up at her - just as she drew her leg back 

again. This time she got him good. Real good. It was like she was kicking a can, 

and wanted to launch it into the next county. She took a half step away and then 

she flew towards him, driving her foot full into his balls, using all the 

leverage of her small body. The pain was so intense that Rick thought he was 

going to black out, his ears were ringing, and his body curled up into a fetal 

position. He couldn't breathe, his head felt like it would explode.



And she was laughing. For the first time since he was a small boy, Rick started 

to cry. He could feel a surge of tears in his eyes, and the first few breaths 

that his body managed had the painful feel of sobs.



"P-P-P-Please..." He blinked the tears from his eyes and looked up at her. 

"P-P-P-Please. No more..."



And she was grinning. The little girl had the brightest smile; she was loving 

this.



Rick was terrified, those huge teeth had such a full, satisfied grin that he was 

sure she'd kick him again. Just for fun.



"Man, what a fuckin' PUSSY!"



He was looking up at her, her face was backlit by the sun, and she glared down 

at him, hands on her hips. And to his horror, she drew her foot back again...



But this time, all she did was kick some sand in his face. She bent down and 

took the pack of Kools that he had dropped in the sand and she started to walk 

away. But before she got to the corner of the building, she looked back at him 

smiling. She put one hand on each butt cheek, bent over a bit, and gave a little 

wiggle, a dirty little dance. "Closest you get to somethin' this nice!" and when 

she turned out of sight around the corner, he could still hear her, laughing.



===



Michelle Johnson had been watching the gap in the sand dunes for a long time. 

She wondered if she did the right thing. She had wanted to follow Keesha, but 

Keesha was adamant -- she wanted to go alone, and when she walked toward the 

dunes after the man Keesha had looked back to be sure Michelle wasn't following. 

Michelle was worried now. She sat up on the towel and told herself she'd wait 

one more minute, and then she'd go and find her. Then she saw Keesha emerge from 

the dunes.



Michelle saw the way she was walking. Sauntering really, like she was up on a 

runway. Yes, she did fine, just fine.



Keesha broke into a bright, joyful smile as she approached, and she started 

running. She couldn't wait to tell her, the words spilled out from her before 

she even got to the blanket.



"Mama, it was great!"



"I was right about him?"



"Yeah, mama, he was just like you said."



"He come on to you?"



"Well, sorta. I mean, he just kept staring at me, checkin' me out. I didn't 

think he'd do nothin' though. So I asked him for a cigarette." Michelle smiled. 

She always was a bold one, even when she was little she always got what she 

wanted.



"Look." Michelle pointed over to the dunes. The man was coming back, and he had 

an obvious limp. "Shit, Ki, you really messed him up." Keesha started laughing, 

and the two of them watched the man limp slowly back towards his wife.



Michelle and her daughter looked at each other, but they said nothing. They both 

wanted to hear the exchange between the man and his wife. When he got back to 

their spot, he tried to straighten up and walk natural, but he was still in too 

much pain to pull it off. Michelle and Keesha strained to hear them over the 

surf. His wife started peppering him with questions. "What happened to you? You 

look funny." And he did, the paleness was evident even in the bright sun.



"Nothing. I-I-I fell."



When they heard that Keesha and Michelle started to giggle. Keesha started to 

tell her mother what she had done. "When I asked him for a smoke, he gets this 

funny look in his eyes, like, you know, I'm gonna do somethin' to get me a 

smoke."



"Yeah, you do somethin' all right!" Michelle felt a rush of pride - Keesha 

obviously handled him with no problem.



"So he says to me: 'You pretty young, maybe we should go somewhere to smoke.' So 

I said I know a place, I walked him back behind the showers. Every once in a 

while I looked back at him. He just be lookin' down at my booty."



Michelle was sitting, glancing over at the man. He and his wife were silent now. 

He kept flicking his eyes at the two of them. Michelle knew he could hear traces 

of what they were saying.



"So I take him back behind the showers. He lights my smoke, but then he just 

stands there, lookin'. Real quiet like. So I ask him what he wants. He asks me 

'Ever see a guy's dick?' Then he pulls his thing out, an he just stands there, 

holding hisself. Like his cock was this big hard-bone mutha."



"Yeah, I know it. They all like that, once they get it up they be so proud of 

themselves, like they soooo bad."



"Shit, yeah. I guess he thought I'd be all... shocked... or somethin'"



Michelle's body stirred as she pictured the look on his face when he saw what Ki 

was really like...



"So like, I start tellin' him, its just some sorry ass little thing..."



Michelle felt an inner rush. Shit! She wished she had followed her, if only to 

listen. Ki has a such a mouth on her...



"...And you know, soon as I start talkin' like that, he start gettin' all soft. 

Thing started shrinkin' up, right in his hand! I see he's gettin' pissed, he 

starts lookin' like he's gonna hit me. So I just kicked him in the nuts. Shit, 

mama, that fucker, he just went down, one kick an he's layin' there on the 

ground."



Michelle hung on very word, loving the look in her eyes, and the hiss in her 

voice as she told her. She'd seen her in karate class, and one of her biggest 

thrills was watching Keesha take out some boy, sometimes even a boy older than 

her, one that would be flushed with shame, almost crying, as he walked back to 

his parents.



Keesha opened her hand. "I took his cigarettes, too!"



"Shit, Ki, you are some real badass."



She offered her mother a cigarette, and the two of them sat there in the sea 

breeze, smoking Rick's cigarettes. They watched him, studying him like a 

specimen they had just dissected.



"Know what I liked best, mamma?"



"Bet it was kickin; those sorry balls."



"Yeah, that was a hoot. What I really, really liked though was just runnin' my 

mouth. Tellin' him he just some sorry-ass little PUSSY. Just watchin' his thing 

just get all SOFT."



Ki was giggling, her face was bright, and Michelle noticed that she was glaring 

over at the man, daring him to look at her. But they were leaving now, the man 

and his wife were folding up their chairs and shaking out their blankets. 

Quickly, like there was a storm coming. He had heard them, and he wanted to get 

out of there before his wife heard.



Michelle knew then that she was ready, ready for what she had hoped for all 

along. She watched as the couple left, the man gave a quick last look back over 

at Ki, and she said goodbye with a big grin, and her middle finger.



Yes, she was ready. One of Michelle's favorites was coming over tonight, a big 

construction worker, a gray-haired balding man in his early fifties. Michelle 

had been seeing him for almost two years, and her teasing, malicious mouth had 

ripped him a new soul. The guy was such a loser. Every time he'd come over, 

Michelle would make him kneel before her, and tell her about his wife. How he 

couldn't get it up for her anymore, he couldn't get hard for anyone but 

Michelle. All he wanted was to kneel there, and tell her his dirty little 

secrets. She'd make him paint her toes, and she'd make him lick her asshole. 

She'd get all hot and bothered, and she would spend the rest of the night riding 

his face, coming and coming until she had her fill of him. Then she'd send him 

packing off to his wife.



"Know what, mama?"



....Michelle was far away now, dripping, imagining him down there, lost in the 

thrills of being a woman.



"Yes..."



"Doin' that, seein' his face after I kicked his balls..."



"Yes Ki..."



"...it got my PUSSY all wet."



Michelle reached over and touched her little girl's cheek. Oh, she was ready! 

She had told her about men, the two of them had had long talks about what men 

were like, how weak they are inside, how needy. She wanted to see Keesha in 

action, she knew she was a born top girl. For some time now she knew that this 

construction worker would be perfect for her first time. Just the thought of it, 

the idea of him down there beneath Keesha set Michelle on fire. She wanted to 

watch when she took her first good ride on a man's face. Yes, she was ready now. 

She'd broken a man all by herself.



"I know, baby. I know." Michelle reached over and stroked Keeshsa's hair. "Hold 

onto that feeling, Ki." She pulled Keesha close to her, and held her in her 

arms. The warmth between them, the heaven of the summer sun and the cool mist of 

the breaking surf filled Michelle with joy. She would remember this moment 

forever. "Save that feeling for tonight, Ki. Tonight."



Ki nuzzled against Michelle and kissed her cheek. "Thanks, mama." She kissed 

Michelle again. "Is it that big bald guy tonight?"



Michelle saw the wish. He was the one that Keesha wanted. Several weeks ago she 

started sending Keesha to answer the door when he rang - wearing just a 

little-girl nightie. Keesha would sit across from him in the waiting room, 

watching him take quick little peeks at her panties. By the time she brought him 

in to Michelle her he was ravenous. "Yeah. He's perfect for you, baby...just 

perfect." She kept her face close to Keesha's and whispered in her ear. "Tonight 

I'll answer the door princess. I'll get him good and ready for you, Ki."





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pervitron


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





