BDSM Library - Ben's Abusive Guardian




Ben's Abusive Guardian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  B/D, S/M, Femdom






Ben's Abusive Guardian

Part One





Jessica Johnson smiled as she sat in her living room in her robe, munching on 

her breakfast of toast. It had been about 2 weeks since she had become the legal 

guardian of Ben. Ben was the 13 year old son of her new next door neighbour who 

had been killed in a car crash a short while ago. Being new to the country it 

was decided by her lawyers that she should take care of Ben until his father in 

the UK could be located. Jessica was quiet comfortable with that arrangement.



The court had entrusted her with the task of finding Ben's dad, and she clearly 

had no intention of finding him. Jessica finished her toast and she licked her 

fingers thought about how good her luck had been. Here she was, a 72 year old 

retiree, in complete legal charge of an adorable 13 year old boy. As soon as 

Jess heard about the accident she volunteered to help. Not for any selfless 

reasons, mind you. No, Jessica was at heart a nasty person, and she wanted the 

opportunity to have a little boy who would be all hers. Jessica had been alone 

all her long life. She had a deep dislike for men but had a profound enjoyment 

of young boys. Indeed, she had moved here recently from the UK herself to escape 

a pesky police investigation. In her time Jessica had been the matron of a 

boarding school. She would often take the younger boys into her office and 

fondle and touch their privates under the guise of her medical duties. She 

finished off her coffee and waited for Ben to wake up...



Presently the door to the living room opened. Ben shuffled in, still dazed from 

waking, in his blue pajamas. He was a short, good looking boy, with black hair, 

green eyes and smooth brown skin. Jessica smiled at the sight of the boy as he 

sat down on the couch next to her. Ben was anxious for his father to be found. 

Mrs. Johnson scared him. From the day she began to take care of him he noticed 

that she would always watch him closely. He felt uncomfortable around her, 

whenever she spoke to him she would look directly at his face, and the shy boy 

would blush and look down at his feet. Jessica put her plan into action...



"Ben," she said loudly, causing him to start, "Last night I received a phone 

call from your principal. He is very unhappy with your grades. Very unhappy." 

Ben began to protest but she cut him off, "You be quiet. Now, I am your guardian 

and it was embarrassing to be told by Mr. Compton how I had failed to see you 

did your homework." The woman's harsh manner caused Ben's heart to pick up, he 

fought back tears as she continued to reprimand him. "I was embarrassed. Very 

embarrassed. For being such a rotten little boy and doing that to me, I think 

you need to be punished." "Oh, no please Mrs. Johnson, "He sobbed, "I didn't do 

anything wrong. Please." "You watch your step, young man. I am going to let you 

know what it feels like to me embarrassed like that. Stand up!"



Ben stood up immediately. He was afraid of her now and had no intention of 

making matters worse by disobeying her. "Now, you'll see what it's like to be 

that embarrassed. Take off all your clothes!" Ben sobbed, shocked at this 

command, "What? But I don-" She cut him off again, "You little fuck! Don't you 

dare answer back!" This was enough and reluctantly Ben began to unbutton his 

shirt. Jessica snickered as the young boy undressed. His chest was smooth and 

well formed, his little navel sticking out. Her pulse picked up as he slipped 

off his bottoms. He was standing in front of her now, bright red and crying, his 

hands over his genitals. "Ok you rotten shit!" Jessica said, enjoying the 

fearful boy, "Put your hands on your head, and no answering back!!" Tears welled 

up in Ben's eyes as he placed his hands on his head. Jessica giggled at the 

sight of his privates. His penis was small, about 2 inches, its exposed glans 

winking at her. His testicles were hairless and well rounded, dangling in their 

plump sac. "Now Ben, whenever you are at home you are to be nude. Once I think 

you have learnt your lesson you will be allowed to get dressed. Now, go and get 

on with your homework." She smiled as the young boy shuffled over to the table 

to begin working, his smooth young bottom waggling as he walked.



For the whole day Jessica kept him nude. She enjoyed making him clean up around 

the house, his little penis jiggling as he dusted the cabinet. She would often 

pat him on the bum as he cleaned, laughing as he let out a fearful cry. At about 

3 pm the doorbell rang. Jessica smiled as she knew who was at the door. "Ben!" 

he stopped cleaning, startled, "Stand here with your hands by your side. I don't 

want a word out of you! I have to go shopping and Tana has kindly said she will 

watch you." Ben sobbed, he had no choice in the matter and he did not want to 

risk making matters worse by speaking. Jessica walked into the hall and opened 

the door. She greeted Tana and her daughter, Daisy. Tana was an overweight woman 

of about 40 years. She had long brown hair and deep blue eyes. Her daughter was 

a fiery little thirteen year old. She was bombastic and had her blonde hair tied 

back in a pony tail. Jessica explained the situation as she walked out the door, 

"Ben's being punished for being bad. I've told him that you are in charge of him 

while I'm out. Like I said on the phone, he hasn't been spanked or anything, I 

have stripped him nude instead." Daisy giggled at the thought of being able to 

see Ben naked. She was a mean girl who liked the idea of an younger boy, 

especially one as cute as Ben, being nude. Tana snickered too, as she closed the 

front door behind Jessica and walked into the living room.



"Well!" she cried as she walked into the living room to be greeted with the nude 

Ben standing in the middle of the room. He began crying when he saw the two 

girls, but didn't say anything for fear of further punishment. Daisy let out a 

squeal at the sight of the boy. She laughed, "Wow mom, look at his penis! 

Hehehe, it's cute! Can I play with him?" Tana smiled at the enthusiasm of her 

daughter. "Of course, honey," she said. Ben began to argue with her and after a 

brief altercation was convinced by the shouting Tana to do as he was told. They 

sat on the sofa in front of him and Daisy giggled as she played with his penis 

and testicles. She pulled on it and slowly rolled his balls in their smooth sac. 

She squeezed hard on them, her nails digging into them and he let out a cry. 

"Haha!" Daisy laughed, "This is cool. Hey, Mom, can I make him come?" Ben begged 

to be let go but Tana would hear nothing of it. "Oh yes, "she smiled, "Ben, 

Daisy and I are going to punish you for being bad to Mrs. Johnson and you are to 

do exactly as we say!" Ben let his head fall, unable to think of anything to 

say. Daisy squealed as she began to stroke the boy's plump little penis. 

Presently he had a firm erection, and Daisy was pinching his buttocks with her 

left hand as she ineptly masturbated the boy with her right. Soon his penis 

began to buck and throb and he ejaculated thick sticky semen onto Daisy's jeans. 

Tana and Daisy laughed as the boy sobbed, his penis now deflating. "Mom," said 

Daisy, "Can we take him home with us, I'd like to show Kim and Josy this." Her 

mother giggled at the thought of her daughter masturbating the young boy in 

front of her siblings. Kim was 16 and Josy was ten, both would enjoy playing 

with the nude Ben for quite a while. "Of course," said Tana, "I think we should 

head on home now. C'mon Ben," she said to the red, crying boy, "Let's get you 

home..."







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





