BDSM Library - Bedroom




Bedroom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:      D/s, S/M, Hetero sex






Bedroom





As Richard arrived home she was in the bedroom, late from her chores. The 

weakness in her knees when she heard the door open reminded her that she should 

have been at the door to greet him. She knew her punishment. She knew that 

Richard would enjoy it, which is why she planned to be late. Feeling naughty, 

she sat right in front of the bedroom door and let her hand caress her sex. 

Imagining it was his hand, she continued, moving faster, feeling her lips puff 

up and respond instantly.



"What are you doing?" Richard said, seeing her kneeling on the floor near 

orgasm, something he did not want her to do without permission.



"I'm sorry Sir, I didn't mean to," she said, her lips defiantly curled into a 

smile.



Richard looked down at her and spoke slowly, "Wait for me on the bed, I shall 

return."



With those words, he went downstairs, and she hurried back to the bed. She lay 

there, listening to Richard in the house, boldly touching herself again.



Her lips trembled as she lay still on the bed, awaiting her Master to return. 

Each of his steps echoed in her ears making her heart jump as she felt him come 

closer. He laid his fingers on her hips causing her to yelp with lust, his 

fingers flowing down her legs slowly. He watched as she quivered, his fingers 

caressing her soft curves. Richard's eyes locked on her face, watching her as he 

laced the rope around her ankles, securing them spread to each post.



As he watched, Richard saw her face color, grimacing in her fight to follow his 

order not to look away.



"A lovely color," he said, "I am going to enjoy you."



Much to his delight she blushed deeper.



Richard took his finger up, teasing his captive victim as she wiggled under his 

touch. Circling his fingers over her ample breasts, grazing her nipples while 

she shuddered and moaned lightly between her lips. Richard leant forward, 

pressing his lips roughly to hers, crushing them as he turned her nipples. 

Moaning, she reached up to savor the kiss Richard gave her. Allowing his hands 

to flow up her sides, he trailed over her arms and pressed her wrists to the 

bedpost. Still kissing her deeply, he parted her lips with his tongue and 

secured the cuffs on her. Richard grinned feeling her struggles to get free.



Stepping away from her, Richard looked down at the body before him. Each inch 

writhing toward him, her moans echoing her desire to please, to be touched 

again. He turned to the night table, opening the small cabinet where he kept the 

nightly toys, pulling out his short crop and remote vibrator.



"Have you been a good girl?" he asked her, pushing her breasts around with the 

crop.



"Y-yes S-sir," she stuttered, the anticipation of what was to come building in 

her, making her aware more of her nakedness.



The air swirled around her sex, seemingly to aid in her wonderfully frustrating 

torture. Her breasts shook with her labored breath, saying, "Please S-sir," as 

best she could.



"Please what?" Richard asked coyly, trailing the head of the crop over her 

belly, gently lapping at her sex.



She visibly shuddered, writhing on the satin sheets spread open for him, 

helpless.



"Please Sir, I want to cum for you," her lips mouthed as the crop tapped lightly 

on her clit; the leather biting at her already swollen sex.



Grinning, Richard leant forward, whispering in her ear, "You will... we have yet 

to begin."



Fanning his fingers over her quivering flesh, Richard silenced her while his 

crop continued to tap. He watched as the wide leather head slapped her clit, 

just rising up again for more. Placing the crop flat on her thighs, he moved 

closer to rub lightly on her sides, caressing her quivering form. She writhed, 

trying to direct Richard's fingers over her body in a futile attempt. Richard's 

eyes gazed down at her, lifting his hands to watch her tremble, letting them 

only brush her even softer. Each time his touch left her body, she moaned for 

its return.



Richard stood next to the bed, his body blocking the candlelight, letting her 

only see his silhouette as he reached for the vibrator. Leaning her head 

forward, she only saw a darkened figure over her, feeling the cool vibrator's 

head slide over her inner thigh. Stroking up and down, Richard teased her by 

letting it vibrate close to her sex, yet not touching. She continued to groan, 

each time her lips parted for a louder sound. Richard leant back, resting the 

vibrator pointed right at her warm depths. In a flash of light, she was blinded 

only to welcome the dark figure back.



In his hand, he held a gag designed to fill her mouth. A penis gag.



"Please no Sir. I will be quiet," she said, knowing that he would do it anyway.



Richard lifted her head, cupping it in his hand, holding the gag in her plain 

sight, he says, "Your desire grows distracting. If I am distracted, your 

punishment will last longer. Do you want that?"



Racked with need and lust, she nodded, opening her mouth for the plastic phallus 

gag. Richard slipped it in, looping and securing the straps around her head.



Leaning forward, he lightly kisses her forehead, rapidly wiggling his finger 

over her engorged clit. She attempted to moan, to scream her thankfulness for 

his attentions, but it only came out as a muffled whimper. The gag worked. 

Richard moved his lips lower, kissing her lightly, torturing her with gentle 

touches. She responded by arching up to him, savoring even his beard crushing 

with her skin. He feasted savagely on her breasts, mouthing them, nibbling, 

concentrating on her nipples. She closed her eyes, each touch on her shooting 

straight to her hungry sex. He lifted his face, pulling her nipples toward him, 

her squealing echoing through the gag.



"You are as sensitive as ever," he said to her visible blush that contrasted 

with the gag. Taking up the vibrator, he gently slipped it within her, roughly 

pinching her nipple. She yelped, then moaned and writhed, trying to move it with 

her, vainly attempting to turn it on. Richard drove it into her, stopping short 

and threatening her to pull it out if she moved again. She lay still, breathing 

heavily.



Richard reached into the cabinet and took out his suede flogger, lifting the 

crop from her thighs, trailing the ends over her breasts. She shuddered, her 

body confused, wanting to move to the touch and run from it as well. In his 

hand, Richard spun the flogger, causing the air to swirl around her now 

sensitive breasts, catching the ever-hardening nipples occasionally. She 

whimpered, wanting to beg to be allowed to cum now for Richard's pleasure, to 

end her torment. Richard shifted suddenly, and while still spinning the flogger, 

struck her sex and inner thighs.



She spread herself wider, trying to obscenely place her crotch where the soft 

suede would land. Richard swung the flogger, causing it to strike her sex, 

thighs and breasts, making the soft material lap at her blushing body. He 

chuckled to himself, using the crop to awaken the area he was to strike next. 

Moaning through her gag, quaking with need, her breath coming rapidly under the 

assault, throwing her head back thinking that now was the time, now she could 

cum, only to feel Richard stop the flogger and crop inches from her. Her eyes 

wide, she looked at him, staring, pleading not to be tortured so. He just 

grinned and stepped back, rolling the spanking bench next to the bed.



His hand slowly trailed over her skin, finding her attempt to push more into his 

grasp. Watching her eyes carefully, he cupped her head and lifted it. She rubbed 

her cheek in his palm, moaning through the gag, watching as Richard slipped the 

blindfold over her eyes. Pulling it down she visibly shook, feeling his body, 

the heat from his body. Releasing her mouth, he kissed her lightly, finding her 

more than willing to receive.



He broke the kiss and stepped away as she lay there, quivering on the satin 

sheets trying to listen for where and what he does. The shift of air played over 

her skin, the creak of a small door, and then a trailing of something over her 

belly. Slowly these things lowered to her sex, her head turning side to side 

releasing her longing sighs. Another set of things circled around her breast, 

pressing harder and wrapped around it. Five of them closed in, connecting 

together for her to know it as his hand. Arching her back, she tried to give 

more of herself to Richard's touch, only to feel him pull back. Sighing, she lay 

back down and felt the fondling hands again, kneading her breast.



She heard his voice, seemingly from a distance, say, "Keep still my pet, and 

this will be over soon."



Her lips tried to move, to bring voice that she would do as told, but it only 

came out as a grunt. Kissing her, crushing her lips under his, his hands raised 

to release her wrists, rubbing them softly. She lay there, suckling his tongue, 

not wanting him to move away. Richard knew she could feel his chest grinding 

against hers, teasing her nipples. She felt his body slide over hers, caressing 

her back and lifting her up to him.



Floating in air, she felt the cold leather she knew was on the spanking bench 

settle against her torso, chilling her heated breasts. On her instincts, she 

hooked her arms under the bench and took hold of the handles, feeling swift and 

strong fingers wrap the cuffs on her wrists. Her ass lifted, as if to welcome 

what was to come, but she felt nothing come. Suddenly, cold drops fell on her 

ass, causing her to shiver. Squirming, she settled into the cold of the drops, 

wanting to feel the drops in one place but shocked as Richard dripped it closer 

only to leave.



Humping her pelvis against the bench, she yelped as the drops came down again, 

this time hotly. Like molten rock, the drops came down and burnt into her 

sensitive cheeks. A hand came and slapped her ass, shaking the cheeks, giving a 

slight respite from the dropping lava.



Another smack, but this was heavier. Many fingers landed across her ass. She 

cringed, tensing for the next blow, only to feel it come lightly. Relaxing, she 

raised her ass, hoping that whatever it was would catch her clit and relieve her 

finally.



"Relax my pet," his voice echoed as another thudding and hard smack came to her. 

Fighting herself, she relaxed her behind and felt the blows through her, 

cascading up her body and slamming down into her sex. Moaning wantonly in time 

with the spankings, she widened her legs, hoping her Master would take pleasure 

in her and allow her forgiveness and end this punishment.



With a hand fanning over her ass, she relaxed more, lying against the bench, 

feeling her body being kneaded, feeling this kneading course through her body, 

pulsating into her sex. She felt lips brush against her ear, a soft voice she 

remembered come to her, "Very good my pet, you have taken this well."



A light buzz came to her suddenly, hearing the familiar vibrator sing in the 

air; she excitedly drank up his words, "Now your punishment is done. Your reward 

comes now."



She squealed with delight, her body trembling awaiting his touch. The buzz 

follows the line of her back up to her ears. Growing louder, the sound 

encompassed her, blocking everything else. As it slowly died away, she began to 

notice that a hand no longer held her ass. A heated flush radiated there, a slow 

seeping of warmth came over her. A welcome fire spreading over her flesh. She 

melted, her body slumping against the bench. On her upper arm, she felt the 

shakes of the vibrator through her, like electricity, going to the very center 

of her. Suddenly, she felt a wide smack on her ass, quaking with in her as if to 

shake her very soul. Again it came, causing her to moan aloud, the hit echoing 

throughout her entire body.



Her hips rocked up and down, moving involuntarily, rubbing her mound against the 

padded leather of the bench. Her legs were moved, folded up under her, sticking 

her ass up higher, arching her back more. She could feel her sex spread on its 

own, puffed up noticeably, feeling as if it was her body. Gasping, her sex 

opened to Richard, the lips seeming to reach out for him as his finger trailed 

over them. Wanton with a burning need deep within, she hunched her body, 

bringing herself closer to him. Sound was lost to her in this sea of sensation, 

feeling hands take hold on her body, wanderers' exploring not so distant shores. 

Her wrists released and rubbed, lifted up and over causing her to fall, tumble 

down momentarily into a strong set of arms. The cool leather licked her back as 

she was set down, her legs spread a bit wider.



Gentle kisses from lips she treasured covered her neck, lightly showering her 

chest, teasing her nipples, moving ever downward. Her breath came quicker, 

anticipating what was to come next. Richards mustache brushed against her mound 

as she felt his breath cool her sex, stoking the fire. If she could see, her 

eyes would be closed, every inch of her body connected to her one tender and 

sweet spot. Her entire world revolved on this moment, the act of surviving the 

punishment she wanted and giving herself for his pleasure. Thinking on how happy 

he was to have her, to be given such a precious thing as herself, only 

heightened her joy as a tongue began to touch her.



Moaning, more like screaming, she spoke her love for Richard with each breath. 

Fighting her animal instincts, she kept her pelvis still, letting Richard savor 

her hidden and most private self. Feeling his lips move from hers, she boldly 

spread her legs more and tilted herself upward. She expected to feel his special 

kiss, but got delightfully surprised.



With force she has only known come from him, Richard entered her with the 

vibrator. She sighed, hoping that he would take her for himself, but realize 

something. As she clenched to the phallus within her, she realized that it was 

not the vibrator but something far better. Smiling widely and cooing with glee, 

she let her arms fly upward and wrap around the body before her, bringing its 

welcome weight onto her. Feeling filled and emptied, she inhaled his scent and 

hers mixed on his lips. His beard scratched her cheeks and teeth closed in on 

her blindfold, pulling it off. Her eyes blinked quickly, adjusting to the dim 

light and Richard cam into focus.



Overwhelmed, she parted her lips, about to beg permission to cum, only to feel 

Richard's finger on her lips and a light warm breath coming over her face.



"You may cum freely, my pet," he said, as his body began to force its way 

further into her very welcome depths. Richard watched as her head tiled back and 

eyes close. He listened as her mouth parted and a brief song of pleasure. He 

held her as she trembled, feeling his orgasm fill her.



She awoke as from a daze, cradled in Richard's arms, close to his heart. Her 

blurry eyes alighted onto his smiling face. She reached up and tilted her head, 

kissing his neck lightly.



"Why do you enjoy this so?" he asked her, his eyes showing that he knew her 

answer.



"I love you more than words can say. I want to be yours in all ways and always. 

You are my Master, my lover, and my friend." Her voice came lightly, almost 

tender.



"I know, but why do you provoke me into punishing you?"



"Because... being good all the time is boring. Besides, it's as much fun as the 

reward after." 



Her face brightened into a grin that could only make Richard chuckle. Cupping 

her head in his hands, he kissed her lips deeply, his passion radiating into 

her. Returning his passion, she mumbled: "Wait till next time..."





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





