BDSM Library -  Betrayed Wife's Revenge




 Betrayed Wife's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex, Femdom






Betrayed Wife's Revenge



Janet didn't know what to think. She was cleaning out the front seat of the car 

when she stuck her hand down between the seat and back and came out with the 

pair of panties. Not her panties. Not her scent on them. And Don had been the 

only other driver of the car. Suddenly she started to wonder about the car pool 

he had joined a month back.



She had thought at the time it was odd that he had to drive most of the time, 

and it had played hob with the family schedule that he had to be out of the 

house an hour earlier and get home later, but they coped with it. Now of course, 

that all took on a darker significance.



So what was she going to do about it? That was a problem itself. She really 

wanted to find something that would rub his face in the dirt, show him up, and 

kick him in the balls on the way out of the door. She toyed with the idea of 

having an affair of her own; the woman next door who had some sort of 

telemarketing business had been sending Janet fairly obvious signals for some 

time. It would really get Don where it hurt if he found out his wife was getting 

her kicks from another woman instead of him. But how would she prove it to him? 

Pictures? She wasn't really sure she could do that. Maybe she could hire a 

detective to get photos of Don and his floozy that she could use in court. But 

there were always the kids to think about, not that Don apparently was thinking 

about anything except his cock.



Janet sighed. And she *liked* his cock, dammit. It felt *good* inside her the 

way he used to swing his hips from side to side so she felt like he was twice as 

big as he was. Thinking about that only got her madder. She shook her head and 

resolved to put it out of her mind until later, maybe she would think of 

something in her sleep.



It turned out to come from the TV. She was marinating the chicken breasts and 

caught the tail end of a movie ad, something like a comedy set on an S&amp;M island, 

or some such preposterous plot line. But it gave her some ideas. And as she 

covered the pan with Saran wrap, her mind was at work devising punishments to 

fit her husband's crime... Don parked his car in the garage and got out 

whistling. It had been a *good* day. Old Mr. Karner had poked his head in to 

compliment Don on getting the Ludlum account, his 401(k) investments were doing 

well, and Lily had been especially playful on the morning drive. She had brought 

some hand lotion in her briefcase and languorously, deliberately stroked him off 

at the railroad crossing. Just thinking about it made his balls tingle, and he 

carefully rearranged the crotch of his pants before he went into the house.



Janet had dinner on the table and the children were mostly finished by the time 

Don sat down to eat. He tried to start a conversation about school, but the kids 

weren't very communicative. Janet mentioned something about all of them having 

plans, it being Friday night. "I picked up a couple of movies, hon," she added, 

"something to help you relax after your long week at the office. You don't have 

to go in this weekend, do you?" Don shook his head. Lily had offered, but she 

was having her period and that really turned him off.



Eventually the kids were all fed and went their respective directions, with the 

usual admonition to be back sometime before sunrise. Don and Carol were left 

alone in the big house, and Carol poured him a tall drink as she cleaned up in 

the kitchen. "I left the tapes upstairs by the bedroom VCR," she told him, "why 

don't you go on up and load one while I finish up here. I'll only be a few 

minutes," she concluded. Don took a long pull from his drink, savoring the bite 

of the scotch, and headed up the stairs. When he got to the bedroom he kicked 

off his shoes, loosened his belt a notch and wandered over to the TV. There were 

two boxes there, neither with titles he recognized. He flipped a coin mentally, 

yawned, and slotted one into the VCR.



The scotch must have hit him hard, because he couldn't stop yawning. He hit the 

play button, deciding not to wait for his wife to find out what kind of silly 

romance she had picked up this time. After a few seconds, the screen lit up 

without the usual "coming attractions". Don stifled a yawn when he saw what was 

on the screen! It was a couple, nude, the man standing behind the woman with his 

erect cock poking out from between her legs. In front of them was a tall woman 

in dominatrix gear. She was holding the man's cock, rubbing her thumb over the 

head while she used a small whip in her hand on the woman's breasts, slapping at 

her nipples. "Do you want this, Helen? It belongs to me now. *You* belong to me 

now. Say it!"



The woman on the tape screwed up her face, then as the dominatrix slapped her 

nipples again she opened her mouth and said in a low voice, "I belong to you, 

Mistress Kane. My *breasts* are yours. My *cunt* is yours. My husband and that 

which he pleases me with belong to you." The Mistress smiled evilly and said 

"That was very good. Now you may ask me for something."



Wow! This, thought Don, was very hot. But there was going to be hell to pay at 

the video store when his wife found out what kind of tape had been in the 

mislabeled box. He yawned again and rubbed his crotch absent-mindedly. Maybe 

he'd better check the other tape out as well, he thought as his eyes drifted 

closed...



Janet came upstairs to find Don snoring in the chair, his hand draped over his 

crotch. The tape was still running, the male slave's head buried between his 

wife's legs and a dildo protruding from his bottom. She wondered what Don had 

thought when he saw the tape; even asleep he had an erection, nice and thick... 

Janet licked her lips and forced her mind back to the task at hand. She 

unbuckled his belt and half-pulled, half-dragged his pants and shorts off. Then 

she went to the closet and brought out the paper bag with her purchases from 

earlier, dividing them into "his" and "her" stacks. She took the cuffs and made 

sure his arms and ankles were secured to the sides of the chair in case he woke 

up before she was ready. Then she unbuttoned his shirt and played with his chest 

and belly hair, occasionally toying with his cock to keep it hard.



When Don awoke he looked around muzzily, then remembered he needed to get the 

tape. He started to get up from the chair but was jerked back rudely by the 

cuffs. He was suddenly aware of the room breeze on his bare balls... a hard 

pillow pushing his butt forward on the chair. Naked?!? What the hell...



"Hello, sleepyhead," Janet's voice caught his attention and he turned his head, 

eyes widening in surprise at his wife's appearance. She was topless, and her 

full breasts hung over the top edge of a vinyl corset. Below that she wore a 

black garter belt attached to a pair of very sexy black-and-nude patterned 

stockings that stopped a good two inches below her cunt. Her nipples had 

lipstick traced around them and stuck out like bullets.



Janet spoke before her husband had more than a chance to open his mouth. "You've 

been dipping your wick in someone else's honeypot," she accused. Don started to 

splutter a denial, but Janet put her finger to his lips and shushed him. "Don't 

insult me by trying to deny it. I guess you forgot how good *this*," sliding her 

fingers into herself, then rubbing them under his nose, "could be. Here, have a 

taste in case you've forgotten."



She poked her fingers into his mouth and Don licked them clean, then began 

sucking on them. Janet jerked her hand back before the feel of his tongue made 

her lose her resolve. "You like that? Think you're going to just come back from 

some cheap slut's *pussy* and slide back between my legs? No way, Don. You're 

going to have to do better than that!" She went over to her bag and pulled out a 

dildo. "I bought this today, and it's too dry... open up!"



"What the hell do you think..." Don started, then closed his mouth fast as the 

fake cock approached his lips. He tried to keep his mouth clamped shut, but 

Janet pinched his nose shut until he had to open up to breathe. When he did, she 

forced the thing into his mouth. Don nearly gagged; it had a nasty new-plastic 

smell and the surface had a nubbly texture that dragged unpleasantly against his 

tongue.



Janet didn't really need the dildo moistened -- she was surprised at how wet she 

was already -- but she had to make an impression on her husband. "Pretend you're 

licking the mustard off a hot dog," she suggested. "Or sucking on that bimbo's 

toes." She worked the fake cock in and out, watching his real cock with 

interest. It had slumped badly when she first violated his mouth, but it was 

slowly coming to life again. When the crown started to turn nice and purple, she 

pulled the dildo out quickly.



"That should get it nice and wet," she mused, and stroked her pussy with the 

dildo. When she pressed it up between her pussy lips, the feeling was so intense 

she had to fight to keep her eyes open. It was easily an inch thicker than Don's 

cock, and the look on Don's face as she started softly moaning was priceless! 

Janet huffed and puffed as she worked the invader up inside herself, until only 

the balls of it were visible. Her cheeks were flushed and her nipples were 

distended. "Ohhh, yesss...," she gasped, "you really should try this, Don, you 

have *no* idea how good it feels." She strummed her clit a few times, writhing 

to keep her balance.



She looked at her husband, too shocked to even talk back. His cock was as big 

and hard as she could ever remember seeing it. "Make yourself useful, hmmm?" she 

murmured, then continued, "but perhaps not in that position." With that she 

moved around his back and tipped the chair back so it was lying on the floor. 

His face started to turn red as the blood flowed to his head. Janet lowered 

herself slowly, squatting over Don's face, until she could just feel his warm 

breath caress her ass. "Lick me, Don... Shove your tongue up my asssss," she 

hissed. Inwardly Janet thrilled at the thought -- she had read about this in 

Penthouse but had never dared to ask Don to do it to her. Now, of course, she 

didn't have to worry about his cooperation or disapproval.



"Now, just wait a..." Don started, only to be forcefully interrupted as Janet 

grabbed his balls and dug her nails in. "Shut up you sonofabitch and listen 

good. You've been having plenty of fun with your car pool girlfriend -- now it's 

time to bring some of that back home where it belongs. Here's how it works: when 

I say lick, I want to feel your tongue working overtime. If I tell you to suck, 

I want to feel like I'm up against a Hoover." She squeezed his balls in her 

palm. "We can do this easy or I can get *really* pissed -- your choice!"



Don shuddered at the attack between his legs. Closing his eyes, he gingerly 

extended his tongue to meet his wife's ass. To his relief, it didn't taste at 

all bad -- she had apparently bathed because there was a little soapy tang. He 

opened his eyes and lapped across her anus, hearing a sudden intake of breath 

from Janet. With a little less fear, he poked the tip of his tongue inside her. 

There was a peculiar taste there, but not totally unpleasant. "Oh yeah, Don, 

that's the spot," said Janet, and she released his balls in order to work the 

dildo in and out of her slippery cunt. Don started to alternate pushing his 

tongue up into Janet's ass with rimming around her asshole. The next time he 

poked his tongue up her bottom, Janet let more of her weight down onto his face. 

Her cheeks spread out from the contact, forcing his tongue deeper inside her. 

Between the fluttery movements of Don's tongue (spurred by his increasing 

difficulty breathing) and the way the big dildo was filling her, it didn't take 

Janet long to cum with loud shrieks of joy, rocking her ass on her husband's 

face and rubbing her clit furiously.



Still shaking from the power of her orgasm, Janet rolled off of Don's face. 

While he took several deep gasping lungsful of air, Janet reached out to his 

throbbing cock and toyed with it, tickling the shaft and lightly stroking his 

balls until she saw his leg muscles start to tense up. She snatched her hand 

back then, chuckling. "Oh no, dear boy... we can't have you cumming yet, that 

would spoil all of our fun!" Don moaned "Oh baby... please..."



"Please what?"



"Please... do me... I gotta cum..."



Janet grinned maliciously and teased his cock with light feathery touches. "Of 

course you do, dear... That's the whole purpose of this little game -- to get 

you to cum for me instead of that slut back at your office." She slid the dildo 

out of her pussy, shivering with a little mini-orgasm as it slipped out the last 

few inches. "Maybe you'd like to play with this, hmmm?" She dragged the slimy 

phallus under her husband's nose then changed her mind and slipped it between 

his thighs, massaging his balls. Don's cock jerked and throbbed at the touch and 

he moaned pitifully, "C'mon Janet, look, I apologize about Lily, it was just one 

of those office things, you know? Believe me," at that Janet slid the dildo down 

under his balls until it rubbed against the rim of his asshole, "uuhhhh... oh 

god... I was going to break it off with her anyway."



"Shut up, Don," said Janet, keeping Don on the edge of cumming. "You and I both 

know you wouldn't pass up a chance at pussy if it were attached to a dog. But 

I'm tired of being the only one you don't seem to be interested in. The way I 

figure it, you've got two choices." She stopped and waited for him to catch up. 

Finally he took the hint. "What choices?"



"Either keep your schlong working at home, or I go out and find someone to keep 

me satisfied. And you might not be happy with who I wind up spending my time 

with." Janet put the dildo to one side and replaced it with her hand on his 

balls. "So who's going to take care of me, Don -- you or someone else?"



Don was straining at his bonds now, trying to push his cock harder into his 

wife's hand, anything to cum. Finally he blurted out, "Me, hon, I promise I'll 

keep my sex life at home, whatever you want. Cross my heart!" Satisfied, 

although she knew better than to trust his promise, Janet smiled at her husband 

and leaned over to kiss him on the lips. "Of course, dear, whatever you say. 

Here, I'll do something nice for you too!" With that she gripped his hard cock 

by the shaft and stroked it faster, aiming it carefully.



It didn't take much -- Don grunted and said "Oh jeeze... oh god..." and cum 

started shooting out of his cock in long thick spurts. Working carefully, Janet 

made sure the first and longest dollops of cum landed in his mouth. When he 

started to gag, she pinched his nose shut with her left hand and continued 

milking him with her right until his cock finally started to soften. Janet 

leaned down and whispered hotly into his ear, "Lick your lips and swallow!". 

Aware that his wife still held his balls in her hand, Don shut his eyes, cleaned 

his sticky lips and swallowed. The taste wasn't really too bad -- it was more 

the texture of the stuff that made him want to throw up.



Janet let go of her husband's balls and stroked her clit, feeling a thrill run 

through her. This had been fun -- and she could see having a lot more fun before 

the weekend was up. It was too bad she couldn't have Don under her thumb like 

this more often.



Or could she?





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rajah Dodger


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





