BDSM Library - Betrayal and Payback




Betrayal and Payback
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  D/s, S/M, Bi sex, Gangbang, W/S, Oral, Anal






Betrayal and Payback





The Setting:

Southern California, in and around the Los Angeles area.





Part 1 - The Betrayal





"That's the way - suck my clit you miserable little slut - make me cum - that's 

it."



Gail had arrived home early that day. She noticed Paula's pick-up truck in the 

driveway. These were the sounds she heard emanating from the back bedroom.



"YES - AHHH - Let me feel your tongue you little cunt."



Gail recognized Paula's voice.



"Lick it up - slave - lick it all up."



Gail froze in her tracks as she first heard Paula announce her orgasm, then the 

words that tore her heart open.



"Did I please you mistress?"



It was the soft submissive voice of her lover, Fran.



"You did well my little slut. You may now pleasure yourself."



Gail heard the soft buzzing of a vibrator, followed by the wet sounds of Fran 

moving it over, in and out of her wet cunt. Gail wanted to rush in and scream - 

to make them stop, but she could not. She needed to watch them, to see the 

erotic scene as it unfolded. Quietly she peered into the room. Paula sat back on 

her heels watching Fran eagerly thrusting the big vibe in and out of her cunt, 

her head thrown back, her free hand moving over her firm tits, tits that Gail 

had kissed and sucked. Fran squeezed and twisted her nipples, slamming the big 

dildo into herself harder and harder.



"That's the way little slut - pleasure yourself, let your mistress see how wet 

you can get." Paula gloated, watching Fran squirm as her orgasm rapidly 

approached, then with the quickness of a cat, Paula grabbed the vibrator from 

Fran's grasp and thrust it into the brunettes ass. "Finger yourself to orgasm 

slut - I want to see that big plastic cock in your tight little ass.



Gail noticed that Fran wasn't wearing the collar Gail had given her, the one she 

wore was a studded leather dog collar, Gail had given her a gold chain.



"She really is Paula's now." She thought, barely able to choke back a sob.



The action in the bedroom continued, Fran sloshing her hand in and out of her 

soaking pussy, Paula ramming the vibrator in and out of Fran's ass. The room was 

filled with the wet sounds of sex and the heady aroma of female lust.



Gail had to get away - away from the house, away from Fran and away from this 

betrayal. As she stepped back, her heel caught and she stumbled, revealing 

herself to Fran and Paula.



Before Gail could recover her composure, and leave, Paula was standing above 

her.



"So you saw our little session huh?" Paula sneered, "She's mine now you know? 

You're too old and easy for a slave/slut like her. You never could dominate her, 

not like she needs to be dominated." Paula reached down and pulled Gail to her 

feet, then shoved her into the bedroom.



"Little slave, you're about to see just how your mistress can get when she's 

displeased. Let what you're about to see be a warning.



Gail doubled over when Paula's fist slammed into her stomach, forcing the air 

from her lungs.



Paula slung her onto the bed and knelt astride her. "You over the hill sack of 

shit - I'm going to show you what domination IS." Saying this, she ripped Gail's 

clothes from her body, leaving her naked, face down on the bed.



Still dazed by Paula's sudden, savage attack, Gail could offer no resistance as 

Paula tied her wrists and ankles to the bedposts. Her eyes widened as she saw 

Paula pulling the wide leather belt from her jeans, thrown across the foot of 

the bed.



"Now you're going to feel what it's like when I get angry."



The belt fell across Gail's ass with a loud slapping sound, she gasped at the 

impact, but didn't cry out. This only served to anger Paula even more.



As Paula showered Gail's back, ass and thighs with blows from the belt, Fran 

sat, watching like in a trance, fingering her sopping cunt, and pumping the big 

dildo in and out of her ass. She was getting more and more turned on by the 

spectacle.



Gail began crying, the pain running through her like a flame.



Each blow was accompanied by Paula spitting invective at Gail, and Fran moaning 

in ecstasy.



Gail's mind was foggy - the pain began to overtake her and she passed out.



Paula continued the flogging until her arm tired. She looked down at her victim. 

Gail's back was crisscrossed with angry red welts. In places, the skin and been 

broken and blood oozed over Gail's pale flesh.



Fran came - again - and was scolded by Paula for not getting ready to leave.



"You're mine now slave. You're coming with me, NOW, so get your shit together 

before she wakes up."



It was dark by the time Gail came too. Her back felt like she had been skinned 

and washed down with salt water. The house was silent, except for her own ragged 

breathing. When she realized she was tied, she slid her right hand up to the top 

of the brass post, and lifted the knob off. After a few minutes painfully moving 

around, Gail was free and able to stand up. She looked around to see all of 

Fran's things were gone. By the time she made it into the living room, she saw 

that HER stereo was gone, as was her CD collection. In her bedroom, she found 

her jewelry box had been emptied. If it was worth anything, and Fran knew how to 

get her hands on it - it was gone.



"I suppose it could have been worse - she could have killed me." Gail said 

aloud, a little surprised that Paula had not killed her. Then a horrid thought 

invaded her mind - "THE HARLEY!"



The Harley Davidson motorcycle was Gail's prized possession. She had waited over 

a year for the new bike, and she treasured it over anything. Wincing as she 

carefully drew a robe over her shoulders, she went out to the small shed in the 

back. The lock was still on, and locked. Her relief was visible. "Fuck, they 

would have had to load it into Paula's truck anyway, neither of them can ride."



After a long bath, Gail went to bed. Sleep came hard, and was anything but 

restful, but it helped some.



Gail awoke late the following afternoon. Her body felt like it had been dragged 

over a cheese grater, but there was no bleeding - just angry welts and a few 

scabs. She bathed again, then carefully dressed. Her ass and legs hurt too much 

for jeans, so she tried her leather pants. They felt cool on her skin. She 

finished dressing with her boots and a bikini top, she eased into her leather 

jacket, and it too felt cool on her tortured skin.



She pulled the big bike from its shed and fired it up. There were only three 

people that Gail thought she could trust, and they were at the 'Iron Horse' a 

biker bar up the coast road.



The wind felt good in Gail's face, the vibration of the big machine between her 

legs was comforting and stimulating. She felt better - not good, not by a long 

shot - but better.



She swung into the parking lot of the bar. There were bikes of every size and 

color there, but they were all Harleys.



The 'Iron Horse' is about the perfect biker bar. There are only three rules, and 

these are tapped in stone; no drugs, no weapons and no [gang] colors. These 

basic rules, and Tank the bouncer, have kept the law out of the place since it 

opened five years before.



Gail backed her bike into a spot and walked slowly inside.



"Hey Gail, how you been?" Tank asked her at the door.



Now Tank is aptly named, he's around 6'10" and tips the scales at around 350 

lbs. He's built like one of those Russian weight lifters, all muscle. NO ONE 

fucks with Tank.



He saw the look on Gail's face and knew something was very wrong.



"You look like you're hurtin', did you dump your scoot?"



"Nothing so simple Tank. I need a drink - I need several drinks."



Tank signaled for Roxie, his ol' lady, and the owner of the 'Iron Horse', to 

come over.



"Hey Babe, what's wrong?" Roxie asked.



"The lady here looks like she's got trouble." Tank said, his voice softer and 

kinder than one would think.



Tank and Roxie were two if the three people Gail thought of as friends and 

trusted as friends. The third person was Connie the bartender.



Connie is a woman with light blue eyes. Her hair, well that depends on the mood 

she's in, but her body is incredible. Long legs, large, high breasts and a heart 

shaped ass that just begs to be caressed (at least). Connie refers to herself as 

an omni-sexual. She likes men and women equally, and in any combination and 

permutation that might come to mind.



This evening, Connie's hair was tied back, and blue/white. Connie motioned the 

trio to the bar.



"What's wrong Hon?" Connie asked, sliding a drink into Gail's hand.



"I feel like my whole life just blew up in my face," Gail managed to sob, "Fran 

and I were together for five years, she was only my third lover since I - uh - 

came out."



'Oh shit!" Tank said, "What happened?"



As Gail related the events of the previous day, Tank's eyes glared as he 

clenched and unclenched is massive fists.



"That fucking Paula, she needs her ass kicked." Roxie suggested.



"You two go on and take care of business, Gail and me need to talk some." Connie 

said, placing her hand over Gail's and giving it a reassuring squeeze.



"You know Gail, I've always thought of you as a very beautiful and desirable 

woman. If you need consolation, and maybe some TLC, well..." Connie left the 

statement open.



Gail smiled weakly, "Are you coming on to me Con?"



The bartender smiled back, giving Gail's hand another squeeze, "I guess so Gail, 

I guess so."



"That's a great boost to my ego, but it may be too soon."



"I'm here when you're ready." Connie said before moving down the bar to get back 

to work.



By closing time, Gail was too far gone to drive, much less ride home.



"You're coming home with me Hon," Connie instructed, "the scooter will be safe 

here, Tank'll put it in the shed in back."



Gail made a few half hearted protests, but realized she wouldn't make it home. 

When the bar closed, she went home with Connie.



When they arrived at Connie's she told Gail to relax while she changed out of 

her work clothes.



Gail sat on Connie's couch. Her head was just starting to clear when Connie came 

back into the room. She had on a pair off cut-offs and a midriff tank top. Gail 

saw that her belly was tanned and hard, and her bellybutton had a gold ring 

through it.



Connie reached down and took Gail's hands in hers, lifting her to her feet. With 

a gentle sweep of her hands, Connie pushed Gail's jacket from her shoulders and 

down her arms.



Their lips met - hesitantly at first - then with a growing ardor as their desire 

grew. Tongues flicking and dancing, their kiss grew in intensity and Connie 

moved her hands to Gail's back.



Gail flinched in pain at Connie's touch.



"What is it Hon?" Connie asked, then her eyes fell on the swollen welts that 

marked the pale flesh of Gail's back. "Holy shit! Did those two cunts do THAT?"



Gail's eyes filled with tears as she nodded her head, "Yes, and my ass and the 

backs of my legs too." She sobbed, burying her head in Connie's ample bosom.



"Poor Baby - come on, let Connie take care of those." Connie led her into the 

bedroom and helped her strip.



"I think this might help." She said, producing a tube of ointment from the night 

stand. "You stretch out and let me put some of this on."



With gentle fingers, and a feather light touch, Connie applied the medicated 

cream to Gail's tormented skin.



"That feels good Connie - so cool and soothing." Gail murmured, finally able to 

relax for the first time since - since it happened.



Connie's hands moved to the cheeks of Gail's butt, "You have a dynamite ass 

Babe. You know that?" With that, Connie leaned down and let her tongue flick 

over Gail's cheek.



"Mmm," Gail purred, giving Connie the encouragement she needed.



Gently, Connie spread Gail's cheeks and let her tongue run between them, her 

hands caressing Gail's hips and down the outside of her thighs.



As if in response to a silent request, Gail spread her legs slightly, allowing 

Connie access to her quickly moistening pussy - inviting her to kiss it.



Connie inhaled the aroma of her friends growing desire, then let her tongue 

probe Gail's wet lips.



OH GOD!" Gail moaned, moving her legs further apart.



Connie pressed her lips to Gail's waiting pussy, licking her wet slit up and 

down.



Gail lifted her hips from the bed, Connie's mouth moved to Gail's swelling clit, 

sucking it into her mouth and flicking her tongue back and forth over it.



Connie could tell by Gail's soft moaning, and the movement of her hips, that she 

liked what Connie was doing. Encouraged, Connie moved her fingers to Gail's 

pussy and slid first one, then two into her. Gail's cunt was wet, hot and tight 

as Connie began moving her fingers in and out.



Gail began squirming under Connie's ministration, her hips thrusting back as 

Connie's fingers plunged into her hungry pussy.



"Connie..." Gail moaned, "let me do you too," she pleaded as she moved to roll 

onto her side.



Gail lifted her leg and swung it over Connie's head, then reached to move 

Connie's hips to her mouth.



Side by side, the women embraced in a gently passionate sixty-nine. Each savored 

the taste and scent of the other, as each pleasured the other. No demands, no 

conditions, simple pleasure, one to the other.



Gail felt her orgasm building as Connie licked and kissed and sucked her 

super-heated cunt. Her clit swollen and hard, began to quiver as Connie once 

more sucked it into her mouth and tormented it with her tongue.



Moaning into Connie's hot pussy, Gail thrust her tongue into her friends pussy, 

moving it in and out like a small cock, until she felt her begin to quiver with 

excitement.



Both women teetered on the brink, each wanting to hold back until the other 

came. Their ecstasy mounted as they passionately made oral love to each other, 

until neither of them could hold back.



Dammed up passions overflowed as Connie's trembling thighs, drew Gail's mouth 

tighter to her spasming pussy.



Gail thrust her quivering cunt to Connie's mouth as both of them came, their 

bodies quaking, their pussies gushing, their mouths sucking and savoring.



When their orgasms began to ebb, they rolled apart, their breathing ragged, 

their pulses racing, their breasts heaving, their flesh flushed and glistening 

with perspiration.



After a moment, Connie was the first to speak, "Whew - you taste good Hon," she 

smiled, gently caressing Gail's thigh.



"That was incredible Connie, I needed that - but I guess you knew that didn't 

you?"



"I knew you needed a friend Gail - what we just did was pretty damn good though. 

Now why don't we take a nice warm bath and think up a way that you can get back 

at those two cunts?"



The two women luxuriated in Connie's large tub. The warm water soothing and 

relaxing Gail.



"Connie, I - I just want you to know..."



"Shh. Don't say anything Gail, just relax, let Connie make you feel better." She 

began, with a light, tender touch, to gently wash Gail's red streaked back.



Gail smiled and let go, allowing her pain to slip from her as Connie moved the 

soft cloth over her skin. "I could learn to like this kind of treatment." Gail 

sighed absently.



Connie picked up on what she'd said and leaned down to kiss her lightly on the 

shoulder, "I could get used to giving you this type of treatment."



Gail turned around in the tub and but her arms around Connie's neck, "It's too 

soon Connie. I'm not going to jump from one relationship into another. Not just 

yet anyway, maybe when I'm healed inside too."



"Hon, I've wanted what happened tonight to happen for a long time. I'm patient, 

I can wait." Connie whispered, moving to sit on the edge of the tub, then 

drawing Gail to her and covering her mouth with hers.



Gail responded by letting her tongue slip into Connie's mouth, and moving her 

hands to Connie's firm breasts.



Connie sighed into Gail's mouth as her nipples hardened in her lovers palms. She 

felt herself warming inside, her heart beating faster as she felt Gail's passion 

growing.



Gail's lips slid from Connie's mouth, down her long neck to the round tops of 

her, now heaving, tits. Gail sucked a nipple into her mouth and gently moved her 

teeth back and forth over it.



Connie drew in her breath sharply as Gail sucked and chewed her nipples before 

moving further down to flick her tongue into Connie's naval.



Gail moved her hands to caress the silky flesh of Connie's inner thighs, 

spreading her legs as she did. She moved between Connie's outstretched legs, 

then looked up at her and smiled. "I want to pleasure you now." She whispered, 

lowering her head to Connie's waiting pussy.



The tip of Gail's tongue flicked over Connie's clitoris, moving back and forth 

over the swollen nib of flesh before she sucked into her mouth and nibbled 

gently on it.



Connie threw her head back and a loud moan escaped her mouth as she put her 

hands on Gail's head and held her tightly to her.



Gail let her tongue move up and down Connie's soaking pussy, caressing the 

swelling lips, tormenting her throbbing clit, then moving inside her and licking 

the inside of her quivering cunt.



Connie's thighs quivered with pleasure as Gail continued to lick and suck her 

steaming pussy. She hadn't felt ecstasy this intense in a long time - Gail was 

bringing her to new heights of sexual enjoyment.



"OH GOD! Gail... YES!" She hissed, her teeth clenched, her tits heaving and her 

head turning from side to side. Connie could feel her orgasm begin surging 

through every nerve and muscle in her body. Her thighs clenched Gail's head, her 

hands pulling her tighter to her cunt - pussy lips swollen, her clit erect and 

throbbing. As her orgasm crested, she slumped forward, holding Gail to her 

spasming pussy, feeling her juices being lapped up and devoured by this 

wonderful woman kneeling between her trembling thighs.



But Gail wasn't through yet. She continued flicking her tongue up and down 

Connie's wet slit. Licking her pussy, then her ass, then her pussy again. She 

placed her lips over Connie's clit and sucked it into her mouth. Once again she 

gently nibbled on it before plunging her tongue into Connie's still spasming 

cunt, urging her from the plateau of her first orgasm, to yet another, stronger, 

more intense one.



Connie cried out in passionate ecstasy as she soared into another climax, her 

juices flowing over Gail's thirsting tongue.



Gail brought Connie to orgasm twice more, before Connie slid back into the tub, 

her muscles limp and relaxed, her eyes still glazed with the intense pleasure 

Gail had given her.



"I feel like a wet washcloth." Connie said softly bringing her fingers up to 

caress Gail's shoulder, "But I feel so good. Gail, Hon, that was fantastic. I've 

never felt anything so intense before."



Gail shrugged, "I wanted to thank you for being such a good friend."



"Well, you're so much more than welcome." Connie smiled, "You know you're going 

to stay with me for a few days. I don't think you need to be in your house, 

alone, for a while."



Gail was about to protest when she realized Connie was right, she nodded her 

head in agreement.



"You should be able to wear my jeans - they may be a tad long on you, but what 

the fuck. Now let's get some sleep." Connie suggested.



After drying one another off, they slipped into Connie's large bed and slept the 

rest of the night in each other's arms.



In the morning, Connie and Gail would begin to discuss payback.





Part 2 - Payback



The Stage



This is an interesting device. It will play a part in this part of the story, so 

it merits description now. The Stage is a three foot square platform about knee 

high. It's leather padded on the surface and has a wooden upright on two 

opposing sides. These uprights have leather cuffs attached to them, the cuffs 

are constructed so that they might bind a thigh AND a wrist. There is a large 

eyebolt on each of the other opposing sides, these are large enough for a chain 

to be passed through either, or both of them. There are rollers under the stage, 

so it may be moved around with no trouble.



Paula lived in a large house in the hills above Malibu. It was there that she 

took Fran when they fled Gail's place.



Paula lay there, legs spread, riding crop in her hand, as Fran knelt between her 

thighs fervently sucking her hard clit. From time to time, as her mood dictated, 

Paula would give Fran a stroke with the crop.



"Eat my cunt you little slut. Make me cum, make my pussy cream, or I won't let 

you get yourself off."



At this urging Fran increased her oral ministrations, licking Paula's cunt up 

and down, sucking her clit, tonguing her ass, straining to bring her mistress to 

an orgasm intense enough to satisfy her.



Fran felt the sting of the crop as it fell on her upturned ass, leaving it red 

and warm. She felt a surge of pleasure mixed with the pain and she pressed her 

face tighter against Paula's squirming pussy. She could feel Paula's body begin 

to tense, she knew she was nearing a climax. Fran's tongue moved feverishly over 

Paula's cunt. She sucked and kissed and licked and sucked some more, her mouth 

moving all over Paula's cunt and asshole, until she heard her mistress gasp in 

pleasure, as she thrust her cunt against Fran's face and clenched her trembling 

thighs around her head.



"Lick it up slave!" Paula managed to gasp, flicking the crop across Fran's back.



Fran licked all of Paula's juices from her soaking cunt, then lifted her head 

for a sign of approval, her lips slick and glistening with Paula's cum.



"That was - all right - not great, but all right." Paula judged with a sneer in 

her voice and on her face, "You can get yourself off now, but only with your 

fingers, no dildo tonight, it wasn't that good."



Fran buried her fingers in her steaming, hungry cunt. The wet sounds of her 

finger fucking filled the room, mingling with her soft moans as she brought 

herself to the brink of orgasm, only to hear Paula's strong voice.



"NO! Don't cum. I've changed my mind, you are NOT to cum." She ordered.



Fran removed her hand from her aching cunt, frustration filling her, "Mistress - 

I - yes Mistress." She demurred.



"Lick that slime off your hand slut." Paula indicated Fran's juices, covering 

her fingers.



As her mistress instructed, Fran licked her fingers clean, then sat on her heels 

awaiting further instructions.



Paula swung her legs over the edge of the bed and stood up, "I need to use the 

restroom, I'll call you when I'm done." The tall blonde walked into the 

bathroom, leaving Fran to await her bidding.



A few moments later, Paula called Fran into the bathroom, she was sitting 

forward on the commode, her legs spread, "Clean me slave." She ordered.



Fran knelt on the cold floor and reached for the toilet tissue.



She never saw the slap coming, Paula's hand moved that fast, but the impact of 

the slap sent Fran reeling back on her heels.



"Slut! Use your tongue!" Paula shouted, raising her hand again, "Do you want 

more of this?" She demanded.



"N - no - mistress." Fran whispered, leaning forward to lick the urine, first 

from Paula's wet pubic hair, then her wet slit.



"I guess Gail let you get away with a lot of shit, but I'm not Gail. You are my 

slave now, my property. I'll tell you when and what to eat, when and what to 

drink and when and how to cum. Do you understand?"



"Y - yes - mistress - I belong to you." Fran responded, interrupting her licking 

for only a second or two.



Paula pushed Fran away and stood up. "I'm not sure you do understand. I think 

I'm going to have to teach you." Paula reached down and took Fran's collar in 

her hand, lifting her to her feet. She half dragged her into the den.



"See that?" Paula pointed to the "X" frame against the wall. "See those chains?"



"Yes mistress." Fran answered softly, anticipating what was to come next.



"Stand against that frame, put your hands on the top chains and spread your 

legs."



Fran obeyed her mistress instantly, and Paula fastened the handcuffs and leg 

irons, holding Fran spread eagle, her back facing Paula.



"Now you piece of shit, you're going to learn what being MY slave is like." 

Paula flicked the riding crop between Fran's legs, sending a shiver of 

excitement through the brunettes body as the rough leather scraped across her 

clitoris.



"You like that do you? Good, here's some more." Paula began stroking Fran's wet 

cunt with the stiff crop, letting her get close to, but not reaching, orgasm. 

From time to time, Paula would stripe Fran's ass cheeks with the crop, laughing 

as she did so.



This continued for what seemed to Fran to be hours, before Paula called a halt 

to the torment.



"I'm tired of this game, I need to sleep for a few hours." Paula chuckled, but I 

don't want you to be bored, so I'm changing the game a little." She went to the 

desk and removed two, large, dildos from the drawer. "Let's see just how much 

control you have over your ass and cunt muscles."



Without warning Paula plunged one of the dildos into Fran's puckered asshole.



Fran let out a gasp of pain and surprise, to which Paula responded with the 

crop.



"Quiet slut!" Paula shouted as she stabbed the plastic cock into Fran's ass, 

screwing it deeper and deeper into the girls bowels.



Fran sobbed with pain, tears filling her eyes as Paula stepped back and laid the 

crop across Fran's asscheeks before stopping to admire her handy work, the red 

welts that striped Fran's ass.



"Now let's see how strong those cunt muscles are." Paula said, thrusting the 

second dildo deep into Fran's wet pussy.



"I'm going to take a nap now. When I come back, those had both better be where I 

left them. If either one falls out, you'll be punished, severely." Paula stepped 

toward the bedroom, then came back. "Oh yes, I don't want you're fucking sobbing 

to keep me awake." This said, she stuffed a rubber ball into Fran's mouth, 

effectively gagging her.



Fran hung there, chained to the "X" frame, all of her holes filled. She strained 

her muscles to hold the plastic pricks inside her, feeling the pain and 

pleasure, reveling in the humiliation her mistress had heaped upon her. She 

dared not let the dildos slip though - she had seen Paula's anger with Gail, she 

didn't want to be beaten that badly, not ever.



When morning came, Paula unchained Fran and permitted her to remove the dildos. 

"Lick them clean slave, I may want to use them again later." Paula ordered, 

removing the ball from Fran's mouth, "then clean this place up, it's a worse 

mess than you are."



"Yes mistress." Fran whispered, beginning to lick the juices and fecal matter 

from the plastic cocks that had filled her for hours.



When Gail woke up, she smelled coffee brewing. "Connie?" She called out.



"In the kitchen Hon, how do you like your coffee?"



Gail padded, naked, into the kitchen, "Straight from the pot." She answered, 

reaching for the cup of steaming brew, "Thanks."



Both women were silent for a time, then Gail spoke, "How can I pay those two 

back? Especially Paula, I thought she was my friend."



Connie covered Gail's hand with hers, "Paula's only friend is Paula. She's a 

total control freak, she needs to 'own' everyone and everything near her. Comes 

from being born with money I guess."



"So how do I get back at someone like that?"



"Well, she's a true lesbian isn't she?"



Gail nodded, "She claims she's never been with a man, just women."



"And she's a real dominatrix as well, right?" Connie asked, the kernel of a plan 

forming in her mind.



"Uh huh, but what's that got to do..." The same light bulb lit up in Gail's 

mind, "Total submission and humiliation?"



"That's just the half of it." Connie grinned sipping her coffee, "I was thinking 

of having her fucked in every hole possible by a gang of bikers."



Gail laughed, "I'd love to see that."



Connie leaned over and kissed her, "We will, Hon, we will." She set her coffee 

down and lifted Gail to her feet, "Let's take a shower first, then we can get 

the ball rolling."



The warm water cascaded over their bodies as they each lathered up the other. 

The slick soap subs smooth over their warm flesh. Hands caressed breasts, ass 

cheeks and thighs as their mouths met in a searing, passionate kiss.



Connie began kissing down Gail's body - sucking her erect nipples - kissing her 

full breasts - her hard belly - flicking her tongue in her naval before reaching 

the soft, wet curls of Gail's waiting pussy.



"You smell so good." Connie said, inhaling the scent of Gail's mounting desire, 

before pressing her face to the wetness of Gail's cunt.



"AAAHHH" Was all Gail could gasp as Connie's tongue flicked over her swelling 

clit, sending shock waves of pleasure coursing through her body.



Connie grabbed the cheeks of Gail's ass, and pulled her closer, pressing her 

soaking cunt tighter to her hungry mouth. Her tongue continued massaging Gail's 

throbbing clit, moving back and forth over the hard nib until Gail began to 

quake.



Her orgasm was so powerful, Gail had to press her hands on the shower walls to 

prevent falling. Her knees turned to jelly and she thrust her cunt against 

Connie's probing tongue and sucking lips, covering her mouth with her slick, hot 

juices. "Oh God! Connie -" Gail gasped, finally regaining her balance, "That was 

so good."



Connie smiled up at her, then licked her way back up until their mouths met in 

another long kiss.



"After the way you made love to me last night," Connie said when they broke the 

kiss, "I just wanted to make you feel the same thing."



The two women got out of the shower, dried each other and dressed.



"Now we need to get some things started," Connie announced, "and I think I know 

just who to call."



"What are we going to do?" Gail asked as Connie picked up the phone.



"We're going to enlist an old friend of mine and some of his 'bros' to teach 

Paula just what a dominant person is."



"Are these the bikers you mentioned?"



"Yup." Connie punched in a number, "Snake? How's it goin Babe?"



"Connie? 'At you? Never better sweetcheeks. What can I do for you - somthin' 

lewd an' kinky I hope," came the answer.



"Snake, you hit the nail right on the head. Can you meet me and a friend of mine 

at the Iron Horse?"



"Sure Darlin', when?"



"Soonest, say an hour?"



"Can do - damn it's always good to hear from you girl."



The call ended and Connie sat back.



"Snake!?" Gail looked at her friend.



"Yeah, he's the president of a biker club I know." A smile curled her lips, 

"Yeah I know Snake, and his 'bros' real well."



"Will he do it?"



Connie laughed, "Hon, if I asked him to pay for the privilege, he'd do it. 

Snake's club lists the horniest, and best 'equipped' bikers in Southern 

California. Shit, these guys got names like Horse, Salami and one they even call 

Tri Pod."



"What's Snake like?" Gail asked.



"Tall, buffed out, with a cock like a half quart beer can. You'll like him, he's 

real people." Connie got up, "We'd best be going. Do you want to stop by your 

place to pick up some stuff?"



"No, I - yes, maybe I should pick up some of my clothes, and some of my 

lingerie," she smiled.



It was almost an hour before they pulled into the parking lot at the Iron Horse 

and Connie parked her bike.



"Snake's already here," Connie pointed to a sleek, black Harley, "that's his 

sled."



The place was almost empty, Tank and Roxie were there, of course, but the only 

other person was a tall, well built man of about 40. His dark hair was tied back 

and hung to the middle of his back. He wore a leather vest and Gail could see 

his arms and chest were covered in tattoos, the largest of them was a coiled 

rattlesnake on his chest. "That's Snake all right," she thought.



Connie introduced Gail to her friend, then asked Tank and Roxie to join them 

while she filled Snake in on what had happened and outlined her idea.



"NEVER been fucked by a man?" Snake said, disbelief in his face and voice.



"So she claims," Gail answered, "but that doesn't mean she's a virgin, not by 

ANY means."



"Well I got some brothers that would love to let her sample their tools, with or 

without her consent." Snake had an evil grin on his face, "And as far as 

humiliating her," he laughed, "I think we can do a good job of that too. When do 

you want to do this?"



"How's Monday night sound?" Gail asked, knowing that Paula would be home alone 

with Fran that night. "Monday nights have a special meaning for her, she never 

goes out on Mondays. I don't know why, she just never does."



"Cool, and I think I'll bring along a little thing one of my sicker bros built. 

He calls it The Stage, I think you'll find it amusing." He looked at Gail, "You 

ride?" he asked, looking at her with his black eyes.



"My scooter's in the shed in back," Gail answered, her eyes never leaving his.



"Cool," he said then stood up, "There'll be fifteen of us in all, I won't be 

riding, so I'll be the first of my crew there, quiet like, 'sides I need to 

bring the contraption. Where's this cunt live anyway?"



Gail gave him directions.



"Okay then, Monday night, eight o'clock. Then we party hardy." Snake laughed his 

evil laugh and left the bar.



"Well Hon, what did you think of Snake?" Roxie asked after he left.



"He's a scary dude."



"With good reason," Tank offered, "he stood up to Sonny Barger and made SONNY 

back down. Snake fears nothing and no one."



"He's a good friend to have," Connie put in, "and one hell of an enemy too."



Roxie smiled, "Yeah, word is a drug dealer put a price on Snakes head, Snake 

hates drugs, and the dealer wound up with his throat cut."



"I don't want Paula and Fran KILLED!" Gail was alarmed.



"He won't kill them Hon." Connie assured her, "He knows what we need done, and 

why. He may mark Paula up a little, but he won't kill her."



Monday night came, and at eight, Gail and Connie pulled their bikes up beside a 

blacked out pick up truck. Snake was at the wheel, and there were thirteen 

motorcycles idling in the dark next to the road.



"Well gals, I guess it's party time." Snake said.



"How will you get inside?" Gail asked, almost afraid of the answer.



"Why my beat up ol' pick up truck broke down, and I need to use the phone." 

Snake smiled innocently, or as innocently as his face would permit. "If that 

don't work, I'll cut the phone line and kick the door in."



"Why not just cut the phone lines then RIDE through the door?" Gail asked, 

getting into the real spirit of things.



"Hey, let's be realistic," Connie said, "why don't we just get your biggest guy 

to knock on the door, then shove his way in? The phone line will be cut, and we 

can probably shut the power off from the outside as well."



Snake nodded, he liked that plan.



The invasion force moved out and left their bikes about a hundred yards from the 

house.



"Griz," Snake called quietly and a huge biker appeared. This guy stood almost 

seven feet tall and must have weighed every bit of four hundred pounds. Snake 

told him what he needed to do, then called out for another biker, this one he 

called Sarge.



"Sarge you need to recon that place real quick. We need the phone lines cut, 

then you have to throw the main breaker. Griz, when you see the power go off, 

pound on the door like it's an emergency, when someone answers, force your way 

in. The rest of us will be right behind you."



The big biker nodded his understanding and moved off with Sarge.



"You've done this before haven't you?" Gail asked, impressed by the military 

precision she was witnessing.



Snake smiled then raised his hand and swung it in a circle, the signal for the 

rest of the people to start their bikes and keep them at the idle. "Mind if I 

ride bitch with you Connie?" He asked, stepping from the truck and climbing on 

behind Connie.



In minutes, the light in Paula's windows went out. Per instructions, Griz banged 

on the front door.



Fran went to the door and opened it slightly, the security chain still fastened.



The flimsy chain caused Griz no problem as he put his massive shoulder against 

the door, and sent it banging open.



"Hi." He said, his gap toothed grin scaring the shit out of Fran.



As Paula arrived in the front room, all hell began breaking loose. Ten bikes 

roared into the house, bringing screams of terror to Fran's lips, and shouted 

curses from Paula.



The last two bikes to rumble into the house carried Snake and Connie, then Gail.



"Hello Fran, Paula." Gail said brightly, "It's payback time."



Fran huddled in a corner of the room, Paula, however, stood glaring defiantly at 

Gail.



"If you've come to take your little slut back - go ahead, she's a worthless 

piece of shit anyway, only an old bag like you would want her." She spat.



Gail calmly got off her bike and walked slowly over to her. All the hurt and 

anger she had felt, all the humiliation that had been heaped upon her, gave her 

a strength she didn't know she had. The roll of nickels that Snake had told her 

to hold in her fist helped too. Gail drove her [reinforced] fist into Paula's 

solar-plexus, the blonde doubled over, the air driven from her lungs. As she 

gasp for breath, Gail grabbed her by the hair and threw her into the midst of 

the amused bikers.



"Nice punch Hon." Connie laughed as she and Snake dismounted.



Griz went over to where Fran lay crying and removed the collar from her neck. "I 

need to borrow this for a while." He said, then went back outside.



Paula was being tied to the coffee table when Snake suggested that they bring in 

The Stage.



Two burly bikers went out and returned in moments with the contraption that 

Snake had asked for.



"Now Paula, we're going to see how you perform on my stage here. Meat, would you 

be so kind as to fasten Paula to the stage?"



"MOTHER FUCKERS!! I'M GONNA KILL ALL OF YOU!! YOU BASTARDS!!" Paula cursed as 

Meat fastened her thighs to one set of cuffs, and her upper arms to the other.



In this position it appeared that her upper arms and thighs had been joined, it 

also caused her entire slit and asshole to be exposed.



"Don't forget the neck chain Meat." Connie offered.



With the neck chain in place, Paula could move her head down, but not up, nor 

from side to side.



"What did she whip you with Gail?" Snake asked quietly, ignoring the cursing and 

struggling Paula.



"Her belt." Gail answered flatly, enjoying the sight of Paula tied to the stage, 

and knowing what was in store for her.



"Here, use mine." Snake pulled a wide, heavy, studded belt from his jeans and 

handed it to Gail.



"YOU WOULDN'T DARE!!" Paula cried as Gail approached, "NO!! NO!! PLEASE!!" She 

pleaded.



WHACK!



The belt struck Paula's upturned ass, a bright red welt appeared to mark the 

occasion. Paula screamed in pain.



WHACK!



This time the backs of Paula's thighs were the target. Again, an agonized 

scream.



WHACK!



Her ass again. Another pained scream.



WHACK!



Her lower back. A sobbing cry this time.



WHACK!



Her back again - this time blood began oozing from the marks. The sobbing mixed 

with cries of pain now.



Gail's arm moved back and forth, the belt leaving criss-cross welts on her back, 

her ass and the backs of her thighs. Blood oozed from most, ran freely from 

others. Finally she stepped back to look at what she had done. She was 

frightened at the intensity of her anger, and amazed at the degree of pain she 

had inflicted on Paula.



"I didn't think I had that in me." She said, shaking her head.



"Now OUR party can start." Snake laughed, "First we need to wake the bitch up." 

He said, unzipping his jeans. "SHOWER TIME Y'ALL!" He called as he began pissing 

on Paula's tortured flesh.



The rest of the gang joined in, (except Griz, he was still outside) some pissing 

on her back, others in her face, still others in her hair.



When everyone had voided their bladder, Snake hefted his cock. Gail nodded to 

Connie, "It IS the size of a beer can - a LARGE beer can"



Now I'm gonna fuck this bitch in her cunt, then in her ass and then she's gonna 

suck my cock. When I'm through, then the rest of you can use her in anyway you 

want, no holds, or holes barred.



"Is he really going to let Paula get his cock in her teeth?" Gail whispered.



Connie just shrugged, "Snake has no fear." She said.



Fascinated, Gail watched as Snake positioned himself behind Paula and spread her 

ass cheeks with his large, callused, hands.



She cried out as he positioned his huge cock at her asshole and with no 

preparation or hesitation rammed it into her, hard.



"Scream bitch." Snake ordered, grabbing her hair and yanking her head back until 

the neck chain bit into her skin.



He pumped his hips as his cock pounded Paula's tortured ass.



She cried and whimpered at the pain of his enormous invading prick as it tore 

the tender flesh of her virgin ass.



Without warning, Snake puled his cock from her ass and thrust it deep into her 

open cunt - forcing the air from Paula's lungs with the power and savage 

intensity of his entry.



"Holy shit!" Connie whispered as Snake began fucking Paula's cunt with all his 

strength.



"She's finally met someone who can dominate her." Gail breathed, her hands 

moving to Connie's leg.



"Check it out," Connie said softly, "Paula's starting to fuck back." She 

indicated Paula's hips thrusting back into Snakes pounding cock.



"Maybe she's getting into the spirit of things." Gail said, moving her hand over 

Connie's thigh.



As she said that, Snake pulled his cock from Paula's sopping cunt and thrust it 

once more into her asshole.



She cried out in shock and pain as Snake's monster cock drove deep into her 

bowels again.



From the expression on Snakes face, he was getting very close to cumming, his 

cock driving into Paula's ass with increasing speed and ferocity.



"AAAHHHHGGGG!!" He moaned as his balls spasmed and his savage prick erupted, 

filling Paula's ass with his hot semen.



Snake kept his dick buried in Paula's ass until his orgasm began to ebb, then 

pulled his - still hard - cock out and moved to a position in front of the 

helpless blonde.



Connie and Gail saw a mixture of semen and blood seeping from Paula's stretched 

asshole.



"Pliers." Snake demanded, and a pair of line-mans pliers were set on the floor 

near him.



He took a knife from his pocket and snapped it open.



"Here's the deal, cunt. You're gonna lick my cock clean, then suck me off. If I 

feel, just FEEL, a tooth, I'm gonna cut you, then pull a tooth." He nodded 

toward the pliers, "Then we're gonna have to start all over again. Understand?"



Paula looked up at him but said nothing.



The sound of the backhanded slap filled the room.



"Do you fucking well underSTAND?" Snake demanded sharply.



Paula's voice was small and weak, "I understand."



Snake slapped her again, "What did you say?"



Paula understood her position fully now.



"I understand - Master." She whispered.



Snake put the point of the knife to Paula's throat.



"Now like my cock clean." His cock waved in her face.



Paula busied herself licking the semen, blood and brown smears from the head and 

shaft of Snakes cock.



When Snake was satisfied that his cock was clean enough, he pressed it to 

Paula's lips. "Now suck my cock." He ordered.



Paula opened her lips and sucked the huge prick into her mouth.



Snake began fucking Paula's mouth, pounding his cock into her throat with long, 

powerful strokes.



As Gail and Connie watched, they were both getting turned on. Their hands moved, 

caressing each other.



"Wouldn't a three way with him be awesome?" Connie breathed, her hand moving 

between Gail's thighs, feeling the heat of her leather clad pussy.



"I've never even SEEN a cock that big before." Gail whispered, slipping her hand 

beneath Connie's tank top and squeezing her warm tits.



As the two women were enjoying each other, their eyes never leaving the action 

on The Stage, Snake arched his back and pulled his cock from Paula's sucking 

mouth. Ropy streams of cum erupted from his huge cock-head and landed wetly on 

Paula's face, covering her lips, her nose and her eyes.



She strove to lick the fluid up as Snake jerked himself off, sending more semen 

to land on her face.



"You," Snake called to Fran, still cowering in the corner, "get you ass over 

here." He shook his cock and stood up.



Fran scrambled across the floor and knelt before the tall biker.



"Lick my cock clean."



Without hesitation, Fran licked Snakes cock and balls, savoring the warm juices 

that clung to his flesh.



"Good, now lick her face clean."



Fran did so without a word.



"Now let's see how well you follow orders." Snake said, picking up his belt from 

the floor. "Give her five strokes." He ordered, tossing the belt to Fran.



Fran hesitated, this was against her nature, she was submissive, Paula was the 

dominant one. She looked at Gail, her eyes pleading.



Gail simply looked at her and sneered, she and Connie now fondling one another 

even more openly.



"Well?" Snake demanded.



Timorously at first, Fran laid the belt across Paula's back.



When she saw Paula squirm, she laid the belt across her again, harder this time.



Paula cried out in pain, but Fran struck again and again.



After the seventh lash, Snake grabbed the belt from Fran's hand. "I said five 

lashes, can't you count you little slut?" He pushed her back into the corner.



"It's time for y'all to take you turns with this one now." He slapped Paula's 

ass with is hand and walked away.



Griz picked this time to come back inside. He had a short piece of primary chain 

in one hand, and a pair of large pliers in the other. He beckoned Fran over to 

him.



"Take out my cock and suck it. I want to see if you're worth keeping or not." He 

said, sitting in a large chair.



Fran knelt and bent herself to the task, eagerly licking and sucking the burley 

bikers hard cock.



As she blew him, Griz put the chain around her neck and fastened the link with 

pliers.



Before too long Griz erupted down Fran's throat, her mouth filled and she 

struggled to swallow his entire load. She didn't let a drop escape, and licked 

him clean without being told to.



"Cool." Griz said, "now, you're club property."



Puzzled, Fran looked up at him.



"You belong to us now. The Road Agents Motorcycle Club. You're our property."



"You can't do that." Fran protested, trying to crawl backward away from this big 

madman.



"It's a done deal bitch. You're ours, as the collar says. When we get back to 

the clubhouse, we're gonna put the tattoo on your ass." He grinned, "Be proud, 

you can get to fuck and suck all of us, even the bitches."



As the bikers had their turns with Paula and Fran, Gail and Connie slipped off 

into Paula's bedroom.



They had barely made it into the room before they started stripping one 

another's clothes off. Not a slow sensual strip, but a hurling aside all of the 

obstacles between their bodies.



Wrapped in each other's arms, they fell onto the big bed. Their hands and mouths 

exploring each other, each seeking to pleasure the other.



The rolled about on the bed, Gail's fingers caressing Connie's heaving tits - 

Connie moving her hand over Gail's wet pussy.



Connie moved her head to rest it between Gail's quivering thighs. The scent of 

Gail's desire caressing Connie's nostrils as she placed her lips on her friends 

clitoris and sucked it into her mouth.



As Connie licked and sucked Gail's pussy, Gail devoted her fingers to Connie, 

slipping two fingers in her cunt, and another pressing against Connie's tight, 

puckered asshole.



From there, they moved into a "69" and began pleasuring one another with their 

hungry mouths.



Gail maintained her finger in Connie's ass, fucking her tight sphincter as she 

ate her steaming cunt.



Each woman came, long and hard, each devouring the others sweet juices as they 

flowed like lava.



Gail had an idea, she moved their bodies around so their legs straddled each 

other's cunt.



"Now we can diddle each other clits." She said, emphasizing this by slowly 

moving her hips, effectively grinding her wet pussy over Connie's.



"Oh shit!" Connie gasped, "That's great!"



"Looks good too." Snakes voice announced from the doorway. He stepped in and 

closed the door behind him.



"Ohh Snake - let me see that huge tool of yours." Connie moaned, her hips 

grinding, and her hand reaching toward Snake.



The biker stripped and moved toward the bed.



Gail could feel his weight on the mattress.



He positioned himself near Connie's head, and she reached up and grabbed his 

mammoth cock.



With no pause in her hip motion, Connie sucked the big prick into her hungry 

mouth.



Gail felt herself drawing closer and closer to orgasm. Maybe it was the added 

stimulation of seeing Connie suck Snakes cock, maybe it was a deep desire to 

feel that same monster invade her. In any event, Gail's climax overwhelmed her, 

her cunt spasming against Connie's clit. As Gail moved back to allow her to eat 

Connie's pussy, Snake pulled her away.



Snake flipped Connie onto her back and lifted her hips in the air. "Eat Gail's 

box Connie, I'm gonna fuck your cunt for ya."



Gail moved in front of Connie, spreading her legs as Connie lowered her face and 

began sucking Gail's eager pussy. With each of Snakes powerful thrusts, Connie's 

face was pressed tighter and tighter against Gail's furnace hot pussy. Connie 

thrust her tongue into Gail's cunt, flicking it in and out, then moving to lick 

the full length of Gail's hot, wet slit.



Gail was moaning in ecstasy, tossing her head from side to side as she reached 

up and pulled Connie's face tightly against her steaming cunt, "YES!! YESS!! 

THAT'S IT!!" She moaned loudly urging her friend to devour her.



There was a moment of uncertainty when the bedroom door opened then closed again 

quietly.



"Hi Legs." Snake called out cheerfully, never missing a beat in his pounding of 

Connie's eager cunt. "I think there's a lady there who might like to taste your 

sweet puss' darlin'."



Gail turned to look at the new comer. She was tall and statuesque, long legs, 

long black hair, tits that defied gravity, and a face that radiated passion and 

sexual hunger. "Let me eat you - please let me suck your pussy." Gail pleaded.



No further invitation was needed, in seconds Legs was naked and scrambling onto 

the bed. She positioned herself facing Snake, and settled her self over Gail's 

face.



Gail looked up and saw the soft dark hair of Legs' pussy - the swollen lips of 

her cunt - the growing nib of her clitoris. She reached up and put her hands on 

Legs' hips and pulled her down to her hungry mouth. Gail's fingers moved to 

Legs' asscheeks as her tongue probed her wet cunt. Spreading her cheeks, Gail 

pressed a finger to Legs' tight asshole, then slowly screwed her finger into the 

tight, clutching ring of her sphincter.



Legs reacted to this intrusion by squirming her hips, grinding her cunt over 

Gail's eager mouth.



Gail sucked her clit, flicked her tongue over it, licked her swollen cunt lips, 

then returned to probing inside her with her tongue.



Legs had to use Snake for support, such was the intensity of her climax. Gail's 

skilled and insistent mouth had brought Legs to climax quickly, shuddering and 

trembling through every muscle in her lithe body. She slid from Gail's face and 

turned to put her lips over hers. Tasting her own juices on Gail's mouth and 

tongue further excited Legs as the kiss grew in intensity. Her hands moved over 

Gail's heaving tits, teasing and tweaking her erect nipples before capturing 

each in her mouth.



Gail arched her back, thrusting her firm tits into Legs' hands and mouth. "Suck 

them - yes - suck my tits." She pleaded, her hands tangling in Legs' long black 

hair.



Connie's mouth on her superheated cunt, combined with Legs' attention to her 

tits, Gail's orgasm exploded suddenly - her cries and moans announcing it's 

arrival to the world.



As soon as Connie lifted her face from Gail's soaking cunt, Legs plunged her 

face into the wet, hot triangle, tasting Gail's cum and inhaling the aroma of 

her passion.



Gail, gripped Legs' thigh and moved her astride her ace again. The two settled 

into a relaxed "69" and began to slowly pleasure each other.



Legs, for her part had not experienced so intense an orgasm.



Gail had long since despaired of finding a woman as responsive as Legs, while 

being as giving at the same time.



Through the night Gail never sampled Snakes huge cock, but then, neither did 

Legs, the two women were quite happy with the arrangement.



Connie, on the other hand, had the "beer can" in every orifice of her body.



By the time it was quiet in the front rooms, the four in the bedroom were pretty 

well partied out themselves.



The scene that greeted them when they had dressed and returned to the front room 

was one of total chaos and complete shambles.



Fran, covered in cum and wearing the primary chain around her neck, slept with 

her head on Griz's feet. Bikers, male and female, were sleeping on the floor in 

various positions, sexual and not. Paula was no where to be seen.



A groan from the den told them where the guest of honor was.



Paula hung, chained, from the "X: frame. Her body was covered with scratches, 

welts, dried cum, urine and fecal matter.



"Looks like the guys had a toilet party." Snake observed.



Paula raised her head and looked at Gail.



"You did this." She groaned.



"Yeah, I guess I did. Why'd you have to fuck me over like you did though? Just 

because I'm older and not as dominant as you? Taking Fran was no achievement, 

she'll go with anyone that dominates her. She's in the other room right now 

wearing the clubs collar. You shouldn't have done me that way Paula, it wasn't 

right." With that, Gail spit in Paula's face and turned away.



Snake approached Paula, she looked at him hopefully as he unfastened the chains 

that held her. "If you say a word, just a word, to anyone about what happened 

tonight, you'll die. Do you understand that?"



Paula nodded, Snake slapped her, hard. "Answer me. Do you understand?"



"Yes - Master," she whimpered, then collapsed in a heap on the floor.



"Griz!" Snake said as they returned to the front room, "Get everyone together 

and split, and don't lot the fucking place okay?"



Griz kicked Fran aside and stood up, "Right Snake, but we are takin' the little 

bitch ain't we?"



Snake laughed, if she's what you want." He shrugged. "Well, I guess I'll have to 

call in that I won't be at work today."



"What is it you do?" Gail asked, assuming employment in a motorcycle shop.



"I'm a loan officer at a bank." Snake said calmly.



Gail turned to Legs, "and you?" She asked.



Legs laughed, "I own a boutique on Melrose."



"What about you?" Legs asked.



Gail laughed, "I'm a lawyer."



Connie and Snake paired off, as did Legs and Gail, and they left the house.



Within the hour the house was empty, except for the mess, and Paula.





Epilog



A year later, Tank had been shot and killed in a hold up at the Iron Horse. Griz 

grabbed the shooter and broke his neck. Gail got him acquitted.



With Tank dead, Roxie sold the Iron Horse to Connie. Snake negotiated the loan 

for the deal.



Fran wears her collar with pride, as she does her two tattoos; "USDA Prime," on 

her left ass cheek, and "Property of The Road Agents MC" on the right. She lives 

in the club house and is available to any members, male or female, in any number 

and combination, at any time. She thrives on it.



Snakes bike can be seen almost any night, in Connie's garage, right next to 

hers.



Legs and Gail sold their houses and, together, bought one up in Cold Water 

Canyon. Their relationship is stable and semi monogamous - from time to time 

Connie will spend the night with them, for old times sake.



Paula? No One has seen or heard from her since that night, and who gives a fuck 

about her anyway?





Review This Story
 || Email Author:     ARogue


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





