BDSM Library - Birthday Surprise




Birthday Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:        B/D, D/s, Lesbian sex






Birthday Surprise





It was my boyfriend's birthday and for a special treat I decided to give him a 

unique present - ME! I began by going shopping for the most drop dead, jaw 

dropping lingerie that money could buy, or at least within my budget. After 

trying on a variety of outfits I chose a skimpy black torsolette that hung from 

my breasts and hugged my curves down to my hips, suspenders held up very sheer 

stockings and my sex was just covered by the thin cloth of the G-string. His 

eye's would pop out of his head when he saw me in these and my planned evening 

was just beginning.



After making my purchase's I spent sometime in the beauty salon getting my hair, 

nails etc. done, I wanted to look absolutely perfect for my special man's 

birthday.



Leaving the salon I headed to his apartment, I had a key to let myself in and 

after putting some champagne in the refrigerator headed to his bedroom to get 

myself ready. I began by undressing and applying a little make up using the 

bathroom mirror, walking back to the bedroom I emptied my bag of goodies onto 

the bed ropes, gag and cuffs tumbled onto the bed, checking that I had 

everything that I required I began to dress myself in the lingerie.



The black torsolette felt great against my body, my breasts held within the 

grasp of the cups, I fastened the opening at the rear making it a tight fit 

around my body. After making minor adjustments I sat down on the bed to put on 

the stockings, the sheer feel of them like exquisite silk as they gently slid up 

my legs enclosing them in their soft material. Attaching the stockings to the 

suspenders I stood up and couldn't resist having another look at myself in the 

mirror thinking about how he'd find me dressed up like this awaiting his 

pleasure, I shivered deep inside as my thoughts sent signals to my pussy to 

start becoming moist and hot.



Sitting on the edge of the bed I began to apply my bonds, taking a small length 

of rope I circled my ankles a couple of times and then run the rope ends through 

my legs around the other loops cinching the rope tight against my skin. Now my 

ankles were tightly bound I took another small piece of rope and tied about my 

knees the same as my ankles. My legs now securely tied I picked up the gag and 

placed it into my mouth threading the strap through the buckle behind my head 

and pulling it tightly, holding the gag firmly in place. Now taking some more 

rope I tied one end to the top of the bed, the other was left lying on the bed 

for now.



Positioning my body on the bed, I lay myself down and moved into the center of 

the bed. Placing the leather cuffs around my wrists and securing them with two 

small locks, the keys were safe in my bag. I checked that everything was in 

place and made final adjustments to my hair, I wanted to look absolutely perfect 

for him.



I reached up to the rope tied to the top of the bed and looped it around the 

chain that separated the cuffs and tied this off. Now I was dressed up like a 

sex slave bound waiting for her masters pleasures and I drifted off into this 

fantasy whilst waiting for my boyfriend to return. I couldn't wait to see the 

look on his face when he found me here tied up on his bed and wearing ultra sexy 

underwear, my body wriggled in anticipation.



After what seemed like just over an hour I heard the front door to the apartment 

open and someone walk in closing the door behind them, I prepared myself moving 

my body slightly in my now hot and eager state, I heard them moving about the 

apartment and eventually approached the bedroom door, the footsteps getting 

closer and my heart pounding in my bound body. The door creaked open slowly or 

so it seemed, as the person walked into the room our eyes met, female eyes! It 

was another woman, who was she? And what was she doing here?



Her face went from a look of shock to surpass and then a wicked grin spread 

across her red lips as she approached the bed. She began by running her eyes 

over my bound form laying on the bed, she seemed to take great delight in 

finding me here and in this way.



"Well, well what do we have here?" she said as her hand touched my thigh, her 

eyes aglow and her mind leading to dark thoughts. "A pretty bound slave awaiting 

her master's return and on his birthday no less!"



She continued, "What a surprise waits him, deliciously dressed and tied to his 

bed, what would he want to do with this present?" She moved up the bed and her 

hand ran around my face, gently caressing my cheek.



I tried to speak but the gag prevented me from talking, trying to get up off the 

bed I forgot about the rope holding my wrists to the top of the bed and was 

sprung back down on the bed. She began to laugh at my predicament and told me to 

lay still while she untied the rope, moving up the bed she began to adjust the 

knot by grabbing the ends and then tied another knot, securing my wrists even 

more.



She quickly picked up some rope discarded on the floor for later use and held my 

bound legs down against the mattress, tying one end to the rope around my ankles 

and the other to the bottom of the bed saying, "You're not going anywhere!"



Now she moved about my body checking the ropes that held my body and the gag was 

tightened up a notch, "Now my pretty little slut, your body is mine," she said 

with great delight and began to run her hands over my body, running over my 

breasts and down to my tummy, electric shocks reached my brain from my tingling 

nerves wherever she touched me, I had never had a woman touch me in this way 

before. I was repulsed at first to her touch and struggled to break away but the 

ropes held me firmly in place and her hands continued to feel my soft skin.



She whispered in my ear that she was my boyfriend's ex-lover and that they had 

recently met each other again, why hadn't he told me? I was shocked I thought 

that we were getting along fine, why would he want to see her again? Tears began 

welling up in my eyes, she looked deep into them then licked the tears up with 

her tongue, running it around my face licking me, her mouth moving closer to my 

face she began to kiss my face and then she kissed the gag. Her mouth moved down 

my bound body to my breast and she began sucking my nipple causing it to react 

and become erect, the sensations sending it signal to my pleasure centers. I let 

out an involuntary moan through the gag, she looked up and into my eyes smiling 

at the response.



Her hands made their way towards my moist pussy and her fingers probed their way 

past my tiny G-string finding my labia and little button, they began to play 

with my clit moving up &amp; down, then around in circles with her soft touch my 

body responding to it. She certainly knew how to play with a woman and drive her 

towards her sexual peak as really only a woman can. My body now writhing on the 

bed with the touch of her fingers and the soft, moist caress of her lips on my 

breast, lost in the moment with my eyes closed and all thoughts now gone as to 

who was doing this to me. My climax was electrifying causing my whole body to 

quake, shivers running up and down my spine, legs and arms, exploding into 

orgasm by her hand.



Coming back down to earth my body trembling in the after shocks I opened my eyes 

to see her looking directly into mine, a smile across her lips.



"What a slut you are allowing me to use you like that and coming in my hands 

too!"



Shame came across my face, now glowing red I averted my eyes away from her gaze 

but she grabbed my head in her hands and pulled it back, looking into my eyes 

again I could smell my musk on her fingers as she held her hands on each cheek.



"You've never been with another woman before have you?"



I shook my head to indicate no, then she kissed me on the forehead and 

congratulated me on joining the club.



"But now what are we going to do with you? He'll be back home soon and I wanted 

to surprise him for his birthday," she said as she moved off the bed. "I want to 

get back with him again and you appear to be an obstacle to that end, I was 

going to use tonight to get back into his life and if he finds you dressed in 

your fuck-me clothes tied down to his bed I won't stand a chance," she said.



I began mumphing into my gag, but could not make any coherent sounds. She left 

the room and I heard her move around the apartment, she telephoned my 

boyfriend's work but he'd already left so she rang him on his mobile to wish him 

happy birthday and find out where he was. He apparently was not far away and 

would be home shortly and I heard her curse after she'd hung up the telephone. 

She walked back into the bedroom and if looks could kill I'd be long dead 

several times over.



"I've got to get you out of the way," she said as she looked around the room, 

when her eyes spotted a blanket box against the wall under the window, she moved 

over to it and opened the lid. She began removing some of its contents and 

placing others against the sides, next she walked back to the bed and began 

untying the rope that fastened my ankles to the bottom of the bed. She moved 

quickly up to the top of the bed and untied the other rope, bringing my hands 

down against my stomach she rolled me over on the bed. She tied rope to my 

ankles and pulled them upwards to my rear, pasting the ends under my body she 

brought them back around to my ankles and tied the ends off. Rolling me onto my 

side she roped my wrists and pulled the rope down to the bindings around my 

knees and fastened it there.



She then picked up my bound body and carried me over to the blanket box and 

threw me down inside. The blankets that she'd left on the bottom of the box 

cushioned my fall but it still took the wind out of me and I lay there dazed as 

she placed blankets around the sides saying that the gag and these blankets 

should cover any noises I made. More blankets were thrown on top of me and she 

shut the lid on me, tightly bound and doubled up within the box's confines with 

no room to move my body, I lay there in the darkness. I heard her leave the room 

and return quickly, then I heard her hitting what sounded like nails with a 

hammer, she was sealing me in with no escape.



After she'd put in about six nails she stopped and I heard her say that this 

would keep me securely out of the way while she attends to my boyfriend and by 

the way thanks for the Champagne! I could hear muffled sounds of her getting 

herself ready for his return, she gave a running commentary on what she was 

doing to herself, how she was going to be tied down to the bed to be found on 

his return and what she had planned for him. Then she went quiet after she said 

she was putting a gag into her mouth like the one I was wearing. After a short 

while I heard my man walk into the room and heard his reaction to finding her 

bound to his bed.



"Well.. I'll be, a present for me all nicely wrapped!" he said and then began to 

play with his new present while I lay securely bound within the box.



After he'd finished unwrapping his present and playing with her for what seemed 

like ages, she excused herself from the room and left to fetch the champagne 

from the fridge. When she returned I heard her open the bottle and say, "I hope 

you liked your present? There's more if you'd like it."



"When I've had some drink I'm sure that I can find something to nibble on," I 

heard him say.



They both began giggling as she returned to the bed and began to arouse his 

interest again with her mouth, I heard her sucking hard and him moaning and 

saying how great this was. She continued with her mouth sucking his erect member 

into the back of her throat and I heard his cries as he shot his load down her 

throat, he remarked that no one had done that to him that good before, she just 

said that she'd do it anytime he wished.



Lying in the box, unable to move or speak I could do nothing except listen to 

them as they made love to each other, she enticing him with her body, she said 

that he'd now had two of her presents but that she had a third one to give him. 

He insisted on something to eat first as he was now hungry for some food, she 

said that she'd get something from the kitchen, but he said that they should go 

out for a meal. What and leave me tied up in this box? Yes she agreed they would 

go out but return for his third present, something she was sure that he'd never 

had before. They got dressed and left the apartment, leaving me in the box.



After a couple of hours, I'd drifted between sleep and panic about how I was 

going to get out of here, I heard them return. They sounded like they'd been 

enjoying each other over dinner and were quickly getting undressed to re-start 

where they'd left off before. She said she wanted him to "screw her ass, good 

and proper!" He said that no girl had given him anal sex before, she just 

laughed and said you hadn't met the right girl before now. She said she 

discovered how to do it from her last lover and had grown to enjoy it as an 

alternative to vanilla sex and knew what pleasure it gave her man. But she said 

she had one condition, "What?" he asked.



"I want you to tie me up over that blanket box, tie my arms &amp; legs to each 

corner," she said.



"Mmmm! A delightful little package for me to enjoy again, eh?" he said as he 

moved her over to the box.



He moved it away from the wall and said, "How'll I tie the ropes to the box?"



"You could always put in some nails at the base of each corner," she instructed.



He left the room to fetch the hammer and nails. She bent down over the box and 

said, "Hope you can hear all this in there, he's really enjoying his present and 

wants to keep it. We spoke about getting back together in the restaurant over 

dinner, he said that he'd have to tell his current girl it was over!"



She continued, "Now you'll be able to hear his pleasure as he takes my behind 

with his hard cock! Hope you enjoy it in there as you'll be stuck for the 

night!"



With that he returned to the room and eagerly began to bang the nails into the 

box, the noise inside reverberating in my head. I then heard her lay down on top 

of the box and him tying the ropes to the box, I could hear her breathing as she 

was being tied down, her breathe becoming faster as he secured her to the top of 

the box.



The next sounds were from him as he entered her from behind, she moaned as her 

placed his throbbing member into her, then I could hear his knees pounding the 

side of the box as he pressed himself into her hole, moving faster with each 

stroke he pounded into her. My sex was coming alive at the sounds of their 

sexual activity and my fingers began to find their way towards my moist pussy 

and it's little nub of delights.



After all three of us came in close unison all movement stopped, I then heard 

him get off of her and move to the bed, she asked that she now be untied but he 

said that he had other plans for her. He picked up the gag and I heard him put 

it into her mouth with her protesting but not for long the gag silencing that. 

He said that he was going to use her again after a short rest but in the 

meantime he was going to show her how bad girls were punished and after taking a 

belt from his cupboard began to beat her on the behind. Her screams brought 

chuckles from me within the box as he continued to strike her, she unable to 

escape while tied tightly to the box.Just rewards I thought for what she'd done 

to me!



After he'd used her again he untied her, but she remained furious with him for 

taking advantage of her in that way, she wasn't happy being beaten like that and 

was getting dressed to leave. She was angry at him and was calling him all sorts 

of names, he asked if they would see each other again, she told him to drop 

dead!



Just before she left the room she told him what she'd done to me this afternoon 

describing in great delight how she'd found me bound to the bed and brought me 

off with her finger. How she then disposed of me to get me out of the way and 

saying that I was still tied up in the box, the box that he'd tied her to, to 

use her ass for his perverse pleasure! With that she left as my now ex-boyfriend 

came over to the box to get me out, I left as soon as I was untied and recovered 

my muscles enough to move them, he looking very sheepish as I walked into the 

night.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





