BDSM Library - Ben's First Time




Ben's First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Femdom, Bi sex






Ben's First Time





The following story is for readers of legal age or readers who have interests 

which lie in the direction of BDSM. If you have comments or suggestions, feel 

free to E-mail me at Jennistoy@hotmail.com. I do try to answer any and all that 

I get. You can also find me on line under Jennistoy for Instant Message, (I will 

not accept an IM if you do not have a profile), or you may check out my website 

at http://home.talkcity.com/BoomerSt/jennistoy/index.html.





It was the typical college bar, lots of young faces flushed from a combination 

of heat, hormones and alcohol. I shook my head while I was sitting at the bar 

drinking a beer. I was too damn old to be in here. I didn't get any strange 

looks when I came in, but I had felt way too soul old, if not actual physical 

years.



I had dressed accordingly for a Friday night; I was in a short, light silk, 

spaghetti strap dress. Spike heels adorned my feet and gold glinted around my 

right ankle. The dress was a copper color; my fingernails and toenails were in 

dark red. My make up was not heavy; it was actually light enough so it appeared 

that I wasn't wearing any. Several gold rings glinted on my fingers and a fine 

gold mesh choker went around my neck.



I went back to reading my book, knowing that I stood out in the loud bar, but 

also knowing that Ben would know me right away. I had become absorbed into the 

story when I was bumped rather hard from behind. Immediately a form shot around 

from beside me and I found myself looking into Ben's face. He was angry at 

whoever had run into me, but a restraining hand on his arm settled him right 

down. He bowed low over my hand brushing his lips against the back of it, 

charming me almost instantly.



"Jenn, I am so sorry, I should have never met you here." His softly accented 

voice rolled over my skin. I waved it off and ran my finger over his jaw line. 

Leaning in, I laid a kiss there and whispered,



"Dance with me." Ben's eyes widened and he smiled as he slipped his arm around 

my waist. We strolled over to the pitiful square they called a dance floor and 

he bent his head to allow me to wrap my hands behind his neck. I started rubbing 

his neck while we slow danced to the metal and rap music that blared from the 

speakers hidden in the walls. I made sure that my body rubbed up against his and 

smiled in satisfaction at his body's response. Ben was slowly kissing and biting 

his way around my neck and I let him get to know my taste.



"Mmmm, I like you hard," I said. Ben's eyes darkened and I could feel the flush 

run through me. My nipples hardened and I knew I was wet. I smiled and ran the 

back of my hand down his chest and his stomach. I didn't stop there, but let it 

slowly drift down his groin, lightly caressing him through the jeans that he 

wore. Ben sucked in his breath and lightly touched my face.



"Ben, let's go. I want to have you naked and to myself. Somehow I don't think 

the management of the bar would appreciate you stripping down here." He chuckled 

and shook his head. On the drive back to my hotel, I stopped at a grocery store 

and picked up some dinner. There was enough for the both of us, but I intended 

to make sure he got his in slow bites. The fruit, chicken and chocolate whipped 

dessert were all packaged up and we started off once again.



Once we got to the hotel, I laid out the food. Ben had followed me around the 

store, not questioning, just watching and holding items I handed him. He smiled 

when he saw the two bottles of wine I had picked up earlier and opened one, 

pouring each of us a glass. I touched my glass to his and we sipped, not saying 

anything, just staring at each other. I slowly took the wine from his hand and 

started to strip him. He allowed himself to be undressed and I took my time 

discovering him as I bared his skin. Lightly I traced my fingers over his pecks, 

and he moaned when I lightly pinched and twisted his nipples. His skin jumped 

when I ran my hands over his stomach, I did so enjoy the feel of the muscles 

under my hand.



I knew at that moment it didn't matter that Ben would never have looked at me 

twice had we met on the street. I was much older than he was, (9 years) and much 

less in shape than the women he normally dated. Ben and I had met on line and 

the relationship had continued over time. He had contacted me while he was still 

in college, and we had stayed in contact through out his Jr. and Sr. year. It 

had been 2 years we had talking and feeding the fire for this night. Ben had a 

love for pain and I had a love for giving it. We were a good match for the 

night. I wanted to torture him for a few hours. I wanted to use his body. He 

knew all of this and he wanted me to do that too. I opened a drawer of the 

dresser and pulled out two nipple clamps that were attached together with a 

silver chain. Ben's eyes widened and he shivered as I clamped down each one.



I bent my head and licked the tips of the nipples that peaked through the clamps 

and Ben's hands gripped my shoulders as he swayed. Leaning up, I slowly kissed 

him while undoing his jeans. Our tongues caressed each other and his hands 

tightened as I slipped off first his jeans then his boxers. His cock stood hard 

between us, it's tip lightly brushing against my dress.



Breaking the kiss, I stepped back to examine his cock and balls. I rolled his 

balls in between my fingers, getting a feel for their weight and resiliency, 

then I gently tugged on his scrotum and smiled when he moaned my name. I 

caressed the tip of his cock and watched him jump slightly at the contact. Very 

slowly I pinched the tip of his cock and watched him arch forward into my hand. 

Ben's hands were gripping my shoulders with enough force to bruise me but I have 

to admit to not caring. Slowly I slid my hand down his cock and separated his 

balls into two separate sections. One ball I popped through my fingers and 

started to pop it back and forth. Ben's head was thrown back and his eyes were 

closed. His breathing was a bit unsteady and his hands flexed convulsively on my 

shoulders. I stepped back some more and walked around him, trailing my hand over 

his waist while inspecting his body. He groaned softly and I could feel his 

weight shifting as he waited for my perusal. I ran my hand down his ass, lightly 

teasing him. Slowly and lightly I caressed his thigh and slipped my hand in 

between his legs.



I pulled his balls back toward his ass and he moaned softly at the tug. I 

chuckled and ran my index finger over his tight asshole. I intended to use him 

there tonight, but I did have all night long in which to indulge myself. Ben 

moaned and seemed to tighten up more. His hands flexed at his sides and he 

shuddered all over. So far I had not done much to him, but he was beginning to 

realize that I was in no mood to rush it. From behind him, I slid my hands 

around his waist to his stomach, slipped my leg between his two and said softly,



"Spread your legs darlin', I want those balls hanging free."



"Yes Ma'am," he whispered harshly. He spread his legs and I tapped at him again.



"Wider!" He struggled to obey and then chuckled softly and said,



"I can't I'll fall over." I slipped my hand around his ass, between his legs, 

gripped his balls and pulled back quickly.



"I said, wider." Ben yelped and managed to stretch his legs a few more inches. I 

chuckled and stroked his back, "Good." Ben was shaking and he appeared caught 

off guard by the sudden action. I leaned forward and nipped at his shoulder. I 

hadn't let go of his balls, just relaxed my grip a bit. I noticed that Ben had 

started to sweat.



"Nervous darlin'?"



"Yea, I am." I smiled at his admission and savored the sound of his voice. I 

knew his voice intimately and knew how he sounded at every phase of a session. 

Right now I knew that if I bothered to look at his cock, he would be oozing 

pre-cum. I kept a grip on his balls with my right hand and with my left ran two 

fingers over his tip. When they were coated, I raised one to my lips and licked 

it clean. Ben groaned. The second I raised to his and he eagerly sucked my 

finger clean. His eyes locked with mine, the desire I saw there made me smile. I 

tightened my grip on his balls and watched him flinch as I dug my nails in a 

bit.



"Oh God," he moaned. I chucked and nipped at his bicep. I released his body and 

walked over to the dresser. There was a black bag sitting unzipped on the top of 

it. Ben's body sagged and he watched as I pulled out a length of white cotton 

clothesline. I held it out to his lips and watched as he kissed my fingers and 

the line while they were tangled together. His cock jumped at the thought of 

what was going to happen. I tossed the clothesline on the bed and reached in the 

bag again. From it's depths I pulled a leather cock ring, a bag of black clips, 

four pairs of handcuffs, a long silver chain, a riding crop and a pump action 

buttplug. Ben's eyes followed each item out of the bag onto the bed where I 

tossed them. I also pulled out a bottle of lube and reached behind the dresser 

to pull out two extension bars. I could see his pulse speeding up in his throat 

and he gulped hard.



"Are you sure you want to do this?" He closed his eyes and licked his lips.



"God, yes!" His voice cracked a bit as he went on. "I want this more than ever 

before." I nodded and reached to the bed and pulled the clothesline off. I 

walked behind him and quickly tied off his balls. They were both pulled together 

and I wrapped the clothesline down his scrotum until it reached right above his 

balls. I tied them off again and tugged experimentally. Ben groaned. I chuckled 

and said, "I do love hearing that sound. I am going to like your tears even 

more."



Ben flinched and said, "You think you can make me cry?"



I laughed and pinched one ball hard with my nails. "I know I can."



He nodded and sucked in his breath at the pinch.



"Maybe," he said behind clenched teeth.



I laughed and leaned next to his ear, "I can make you cry from wanting to come, 

and I can make you cry from the pain in your balls. It will be a tossup as to 

which I do." Ben closed his eyes while a shudder ran over his body. I gently 

pushed him to his knees and clipped a pair of handcuffs to each ankle and wrist. 

To the ones on his feet I attached a spreader bar, ran the left over rope 

through one end of the cuffs, making sure he was trussed up tight. His balls 

were pulled back away from his body and towards his backside. If he moved at 

all, he would be pulling on them. I snagged the crop and laid a few quick hits 

to his balls. Ben flinched. I smiled.



I sat down on a chair and had him come towards me on his knees. He flinched as 

he moved, the cord doing it job and pulling on his balls each time he moved a 

leg. When he arrived next to the chair, I pulled a few clips from the bottom of 

the bag and clipped them to the tip of his cock. Ben swayed and he whimpered. I 

leaned forward and kissed him as I slowly pulled the clips off of his tip. His 

gasps were poured into me through is mouth. I noticed him softening up and 

flicked at his tip as I taunted him.



"What's the matter Ben, hurt a little too much to keep you hard?" I ran a finger 

up from his navel to his throat flicking at his Adams apple. "You wouldn't want 

to disappoint me would you?"



Ben's eyes locked with mine and he flinched and said, "No, but I can't help it. 

It's not fair! I've..."



I cut him of swiftly. "I never said I would be fair, I did say that we'd do what 

we had always wanted to do." I stroked him slowly; my eyes never left his. "Get 

it up Ben or you'll be in hell much sooner than I had thought."



His eyes flashed at me and I could see his temper flaring up. "What makes you 

think you can treat me this way?"



"You asked me to."



He fell silent and I sat down and tugged on the silver chain that hung between 

his clamped nipples. Ben whimpered and he closed his eyes to savor the 

sensation. I smiled and noted that he was hard again and I softly ran my hand 

over him. I reached for the crop and laid 5 lightening quick lashes to his tip 

and Ben cried out. I leaned over and popped a piece of the chicken into his 

mouth. He chewed it slowly, watching my face. I laid the next piece in my hand 

and made him dip his head to take the chicken from my palm. Every time I had him 

eat from me, I made him stretch out a bit and pull his own balls. The final 

piece was placed between my lips and when he leaned forward I leaned back until 

he whimpered. I bit through the meat as he finally closed his mouth around it, 

allowing him to have it.



I smiled and got a fork and started in on the chocolate whipped thing. At first 

Ben hesitated, I knew it was because he was fitness buff, but he couldn't resist 

the sweet taste of the silky desert. I loosened the rope and allowed him to 

stand. Once he was standing I bent him over the chair. Once he was there I 

secured his hands and feet. He couldn't move much when I was done with him.



"Ah look that that ass," I whispered to myself as much as to him. Ben flinched 

but didn't shy away. I ran my hand over it teasing him. I had picked up the crop 

and lashed him with it several times. Ben clenched his teeth, but didn't cry 

out. I added 10 more just to see his reaction. He gasped, but no tears came. I 

then took the butt plug and lubed it up. Ben could see what I was doing and he 

gulped. I leaned over and slipped it between his buttocks. I knew that Ben had 

not had anything much thicker than a finger in his ass and this plug was 1.5" 

across at it's thinnest. When blown up it would go to almost 4.



I leaned toward him and held the plug in front of his nose.



"I'm going to put this up your ass and you will wear it until I decide to fuck 

you with the strap on I brought with me." Ben closed his eyes and shuddered. I 

reached over and yanked the nipple clips off, which caused him to cry out. I 

slowly started working the plug into him. He didn't fight it, but instead pushed 

against it. As it slipped in he closed his eyes. I pumped it up about 1/2 way 

and untied him. He stood at my command and I handed him his clothes. He looked 

at them while I reached for the keys to the cuffs. I uncuffed him and told him 

to get dressed. When he was done I made a phone call and smiled as I reached 

into the black bag again. He watched as I brought out a collar and leash both 

that were both made of cold metal. I locked him into the collar and clipped the 

leash on his neck.



"Where are we going?"



"We're going to meet some friends of mine, you are to please the both of them. 

Do you understand?"



Ben went gray, then blushed to the roots of his hair. He had expressed a desire 

to be with another man, while being taken by a woman. I was going to put him to 

the test tonight. He swallowed visibly and nodded. I reached up, stroked his 

cheek and told him I would be very proud of him if he could do what I wanted him 

to. His breath shuddered out. I took his hand and guided it between my legs. My 

panties were soaking wet and he groaned. I allowed him to slip a finger inside 

me and feel the wet heat that I was emanating. I chuckled and told him if he was 

a good boy and did me proud I would let him have some of that. He nodded 

emphatically and we were off.



I had been given explicit instructions telling me how to get to the private 

party. We arrived and were met by a young man at the door who looked me over, 

then looked over Ben. He took my name, opened the door and we were let into the 

home. Before we entered the main room, I instructed Ben to strip. He did so in 

the hallway and we put his clothes into the closet. I clipped his nipples again 

and added the cock ring. Ben looked at me with fear in his eyes. I stroked his 

face and we entered the room. There were probably 20 couples in the rooms, some 

people were naked and in acts, others were just talking with each other.



Scott and Lori greeted me and I was subject to several hugs and kisses before 

introducing Ben to them both. I had known them for many years and had many times 

when I hated to leave their arms and go home. Both were submissives with me, and 

both were bi-sexual. Lori walked around Ben and looked up at me with a small 

smile



"Jenn, he's beautiful!" I nodded and agreed with her and Scott stood before Ben 

and placed his hand on Ben's chest. He looked him up and down and turned to me.



"He's not hard, is he scared?"



"Hmm, I dunno Scott, ask him your self, he has a tongue."



Scott turned back to Ben and repeated his question. Ben nodded slowly and looked 

at Scott. I smiled at the both of them and we left the main part of the party 

and went into Scott's study. I sat down in a chair and Ben dropped to his knees 

next to me. Scott called him over and pulled his wife's dress up.



"Look at that pussy Ben, she's been horny and playing with herself all evening. 

Eat her out Ben."



Ben shot a look over his shoulder at me and I nodded. Ben didn't need too much 

coaxing to attack Lori's dripping pussy. While he was doing that, Scott had come 

over and was working his way up my inner legs to my pussy. I moaned a bit which 

caused Ben to stop and watch with a jealous look in his eye. I motioned for him 

to come over and he left Lori and basically shoved Scott out of the way. Scott 

shrugged and he lay on his back under Ben. Lori crouched over Scott and began to 

ride him while Scott licked and sucked at Ben's cock. I wasn't sure Ben was 

aware of who was giving him the blowjob, but he was enjoying it. I cautioned 

Scott not to let him cum. Ben raised his eyes up to mine and whispered, "Jenn, 

please, let me come."



I shook my head and told him that when he finally came tonight, it would be 

inside me and he would be cleaning his cum out of my pussy. Ben shuddered and 

slowly pulled away from Scott. I told Lori to go sit on her husband's face. She 

moved eagerly and settled herself over his lips and tongue.



"Suck him off Ben."



Ben looked miserable, but I slowly ran a finger up the inside of my own pussy 

and tasted myself. Ben shuddered and went to work on Scott. Soon he had Scott 

writhing and moaning against his wife's sloppy pussy. I had slipped onto the 

floor and was stroking Ben's cock. I flicked at his balls and moved the plug for 

him as well. He had stayed hard especially with me whispering how he looked and 

how much I loved watching him play the bitch for me. Scott finally came and Ben 

rolled off of him and onto his back. Lori bent over him, taking his cock into 

her mouth. I pulled her off, stood Ben up and left the two of them in the study. 

We went to the front door, where Ben threw on his clothes and we went back to 

the hotel. I had him strip and I went in and took a bath with him there to scrub 

my back.



When I was finished I stood and had him dry me. Ben was rock hard and his hands 

were shaking. I noted the dark circles under his eyes and checked the clock. It 

was two in the morning. We had met at the bar at 8. I led him to the bed, laid 

him on his stomach and slowly slipped the plug out. I had him go to the bag and 

get the dildo and strap on. I had him put it on me and then had him suck the 

dildo. I turned him around, lubed the dildo and his ass, slipping two fingers 

inside him and then slowly began to fuck him. I went slowly until he started to 

back up against me. He started talking,



"Jenn, please, I am going to come. Please stop, I want to come when you tell me 

to, not now!"



I listened to him and pulled out. He sagged against the bed and sucked in great 

breaths of air while I took off the harness. I had him roll back over on his 

back and I loaded clips on his balls. There were 15 in all. Ben was breathing 

rapidly and I looped the thin silver chain through the clips and began to slowly 

pull them off. I didn't let up and soon I had Ben sobbing from the pain. I had 

broken him.



"Ben, do you want to fuck me? Do you want to bury your cock deep inside me?"



Ben nodded helplessly and I stroked his face. I mounted him and slowly started 

to ride him. Ben gripped my hips and started to fuck at me. I cried out as I 

came and vaguely heard him begging me to let him cum. I looked into his eyes and 

told him to cum with me. He exploded inside me and cried out my name. I 

dismounted him and had him clean my pussy. He cleaned our cum out of me and fell 

back against the bed. I smiled and patted the pillow next to me.



Ben lay down but didn't seem inclined to sleep. He lay on his side, playing with 

my nipples but soon his eyelids began to drop. I watched him sleeping and wished 

that I could take him home with me. I would love to send him off to work with a 

pager so I could control what he did during the day and then have him to play 

with all night. Ah well, such was life. I snuggled down in the blankets and 

drifted off myself.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jennistoy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





