BDSM Library -  Blind Girl's Bluff




 Blind Girl's Bluff
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Rape fantasy, S/M






Blind Girl's Bluff





... It's Dave's favorite time of day, 3:30 p.m. Nothing like cruising by the 

high school's to check out the young, nubile girls. There were lots of them, all 

fresh and naive. They tend to travel in packs ever since that French girl was 

abducted a few years back, some smile at his handsome face as he cruises by, if 

only they knew what he was thinking. If only they knew the dark fantasies going 

through his mind. Dave decided to stop for a coffee before heading back home. He 

thought about some of the girls he just saw, imagining them helpless, under his 

powerful grasp.



"Another boring day," he thought as he pulled out of the coffee shop. As he 

approaches the library he spots a vision. He can't help but pull over to get a 

better look. Standing on the steps is a redheaded girl wearing a school uniform, 

white short sleeve blouse, pleated blue and green kilt, blue knee socks, and 

black patent leather saddle shoes. Her body is magnificent, petite, slim, but 

hard and firm. Her long red hair flows in the breeze. What is most striking 

about this young girl though, is that she has dark glasses and a white cane, she 

must be blind. She is just standing there waiting for someone.



The brakes on Dave's car squeak as he comes to a halt. She starts moving in his 

direction, approaching the car. "Mike! Is that you?" Dave's wondering for a 

minute whether or not to say something or speed away. "Mike?" she asks leaning 

over and touching the car. Dave's controls his panic and returns her inquiry.



"No, it's not Mike, my name is D... Jim," Dave responds.



"Oh sorry, my brother Mike was supposed to pick me up here, I have been waiting 

for half an hour. I thought you were him," the girl smiles. Dave can tell she is 

pretty even with the dark glasses on. "Can you tell me what time it is?" she 

asks.



"4:15," Dave responds.



"Oh no, he is never this late, and library is closed now, I can't go inside to 

call. Is there a phone nearby? Can you see one?"



Dave spots the payphone down at the curb, hesitates, then says, "No, there are 

no phones in this part of town. Hey, which way are you going? I can give you a 

lift." The girl pauses nervously, knowing better than to get into a stranger's 

car.



"Well maybe you can take me by a payphone so I can call home," she says, 

deciding that Jim's voice sounded kind enough. Dave opens her door for her and 

helps her in. He likes the fresh smell of her and the firmness of her body. She 

feels around for the seatbelt, which he helps her with. "I live way up in 

Queenston Heights anyway, I'll get someone to come and get me, just tell me 

where you are dropping me off, okay?" she says.



"What a coincidence, I'm going right through there, I can drop you off at your 

front door," Dave tells her, even though he lived clear on the other side of 

town. Besides he had no intention of going there. She smiles and thanks him. On 

the way, they make small talk, where she tells him that her name is Krista, she 

is sixteen, goes to a Catholic school, and has been blind since the age of 

three. She can't see that her kilt is riding up high enough to reveal her white 

cotton panties, and Dave has no plans to tell her. Dave makes up a story about 

being a fireman and that his car is red, even though it was blue. She looks so 

sweet, innocent and naive with her collar done all the way up, a crucifix 

adorned around her neck.



He asks her if she is a devout Catholic. She asks him to explain. Dave asks, " 

You know, how do you feel about all that abortion stuff, and birth control that 

the pope is always talking about."



"Well, birth control is wrong because the only people who should be doing that 

stuff are married couples, and if God wants them to have a baby, then so be it. 

And I think abortion is wrong. It should be stopped, if a women gets herself 

pregnant than she should have to have the baby." "What about some of these women 

who get attacked and raped?" Dave continues.



"It's still not up to the woman to play God, if she doesn't want to keep the 

baby, then she give it up after it's born," she tells him. He smiles at her 

nativity, and is thinking how sweet this is going to be.



Dave pulls up to an old abandon building in the manufacturing part of town. He 

had found this place long ago, wondering if he would ever get the chance to use 

it. Now it was finally going to happen. "All right we're here, this is your 

address, let me walk you to your door."



"Thank you Jim, please wait at the door, my dad will want to pay you for your 

help," Krista tells him. But as he holds her arm on the way to the condemned 

building, she starts to get a worried look on her face. She can sense something 

is wrong, and says, "Wait a minute, we don't have steps, I can't smell the 

grass, this is the wrong house, you have the wrong house. What's the address?"



"Don't worry, your at the right place," Dave reassures the young lady and then 

shoves her through the door into the dark, smelly hallway. He takes her roughly 

and quickly to the back of the run down building and into a windowless room, 

with one hanging light bulb in the middle of the room. She starts screaming. He 

throws her onto a dirty old mattress in the corner of the room. "Shut up bitch!" 

he yells at her.



She is scared and lays there crying. She is starting to figure out what is going 

on. "Where are we? What are doing to me?" she cries.



"You'll see, now shut up!" Dave demands as he straddles her body and sits on her 

abdomen and pins her shoulders back with his big, strong hands. She starts to 

panic and screams. He raises a hand and slaps her face roughly. "I said shut up! 

Bitch! I mean it. Scream again and I am really going to fuck up that pretty face 

of yours. Now stop fighting me or I'll beat you within an inch of your life. 

Understand?"



Sobbing, Krista nods her head in silence. Dave reaches for her tight shirt, 

which is heaving up and down rapidly. He roughly tears the shirt wide open, 

sending the buttons in all directions. She gasps, but remembers not to scream, 

in fear of getting hit again. He then takes his hunting knife and cuts the 

straps on her plain white bra, pulling it off. He uses it to tie her wrists 

around the water pipe, which runs up the wall. She is sobbing uncontrollably now 

as he takes his time, feeling her firm, teenage breasts, squeezing them hard, 

hurting her, and pulling and pinching her nipples. There is nothing kind about 

him, he is rough playing with her tits, slapping them occasionally, bringing an 

"Ow!" from the helpless girl.



While he continues to pull on her nipple more, one of Dave's hands slides 

between her legs on the inside of her thighs. Instinctively the young girl 

clinches her knees together, pinning his hand. He uses his other hand and smacks 

her again, demanding, "Open them slut!" she reluctantly parts her knees as 

Dave's hand grasps the girls pubic mound. He is surprised somewhat to find it 

wet. "You are a fucking slut. You're fucking wet!" He yanks hard on her tit. She 

bites her lip to stop from screaming. "How many guys have you fucked? Answer me 

slut!"



Nervously, and shivering, she stammers out, "I'm a... a... vir... v... virgin, 

please Jim, please don't hurt me, please! Please!" His only response was to 

grasp her wet panties and pull them so that they parted her cunt lips. The pain 

showed on her face as she winced. "Tell me what a dirty slut you are, how you 

like big cocks in your mouth and ass, how you like to nigger's to gang bang you. 

Come on tell me slut!" Dave demanded, pulling harder on the panties and twisting 

her nipple.



"OW! OW! Okay! I'm a... a... dirty slut, I like big cocks in my mouth and... 

ass, and... I like to be gang banged by... ni.niggers. OWW!" she blurts out.



Satisfied with that Dave yanks harder on her panties, wedged in her twat until 

they tear. She can't help but scream. This time he stuffs her wet shredded 

panties in her mouth to quiet her.



Next he undresses and pulls out his hard cock, throbbing and ready. He places 

the head of his cock against the wet, swollen lips of her virgin cunt. She is 

panicked and flailing around against her bonds. He forces himself inside her 

tight teenage pussy anyway. He is soon buried in her. Dave leans forward to 

whisper in her ear, "Are you using any birth control?" She shakes her head no. 

Dave smiles and starts fucking his captive with gusto. Krista is crying 

uncontrolled but her hips betray her and meet his thrusts with her own. He is 

putting the fucking of a lifetime on this little blind girl's pussy and she is 

not crying after a while, only moaning into her panty gag, taking the jack 

hammer like plunges into her body. Dave is working up a real sweat pounding 

mercilessly into her. Finally he feels the tingle and grunts as he forces 

himself as far into the girl's cunt as his hips will allow. His contracting 

balls are wedged hard against her clit as he grinds. His potent semen is 

swimming into her unprotected womb.



The sperm are swimming deep inside her searching for their target. He finally 

breathes as he has finished filling her with what feels like half a gallon of 

cum. He waits for a while holding his position, and the girls body quivers, 

shaking, coming down from its own high. He then pulls out, and looking down 

decides he is not finished with this toy yet. Dave straddles Krista at her neck, 

puts his finger to his lips, making a 'shhh!' sound. She nods and he pulls her 

panties from her mouth. She gasps for air. Then he quietly tells her that if she 

bites, he will cut he throat. With that he pushes his cum soaked cock into her 

mouth. She gags a bit but tries to take as much as she can. It reaches the back 

of her throat and chokes her, bringing a tear to her eye. He backs off a bit, 

but grabs a handful of red hair and orders, "Suck it!" Krista sucks as best she 

can. He laughs at her novice attempts then removes his rejuvenated prick. Still 

holding onto her hair, he slaps her naked ass hard and orders her to roll over.



The frightened girl rolls over on her knees, her upper body supported by the bra 

holding her onto the water pipe. He spits a big gob of saliva square on her 

asshole. He then runs the tip of his erection up and down her dripping crease. 

He demands, "Tell me what you want."



"I want to go home!" SMACK! Came a strike on her ass cheek.



"Wrong answer, try again."



"I don't... know... I want..." SMACK! Her ass is reddened again.



"We can do this all day, slut!"



"Okay, I want you to... (gulp)... fuck me, please," she tries. SMACK! He cracks 

into her sore bum cheek. She is confused, but feels the head of his cock 

pressing against her anus. The reality sinks in.



"Oh no! Oh no!" SMACK! SMACK! Okay! I want you to fuck my ass, in my ass, 

please... OWWWWW! FUCK!"



Dave had impaled her as soon as she asked for it. The pain ripped through her 

and she couldn't help but cry out. Dave again stuffed her mouth with her panties 

as he mercilessly assaulted the young girls vice like asshole. He pounded and 

pounded at her.



"You like it too much in your slut cunt. This is all my pleasure, bitch!"



He rode her hard throughout her sobs then suddenly pulled it out without warning 

snapping her hole in pain. He then crammed it once more into her cunt, again to 

the hilt, balls deep, and flooded her with another orgasm. His sperm again sent 

free in her fertile womb. Finally he was finished and pulled out. Dave wiped his 

wet cock off on her wool kilt, which was bunched up on her ass. He then grabbed 

all her stuff and threw it into his car. He then came back for her and said that 

he was taking her home, but she wasn't to call the cops, go to a doctor or tell 

anyone anything or he would come back and kill her whole family, as she had 

volunteered the address to him earlier. Besides she did not know where he had 

taken her. He knew it was a ruse to throw her off, because he had given her a 

lot of false info to protect himself.



"What if I'm pregnant?" she pleaded.



"Just tell them you got it from a toilet seat, that happens you know." Her 

Catholic nativity had no argument. She had a jacket to cover her top up. Her 

shredded bra and panties he would keep. She straightened her skirt and pulled 

her socks up. They got into the car and he drove her home. He reminder her of 

his threat if she said anything. But at that point she had removed her dark 

glasses and ditched the white cane and was checking her face in the mirror.



"Cut the shit Dave, and if you leave a mark on my face you'll have missing teeth 

to explain at work tomorrow. Come on it's still early, let's go get a drink."



"Krista, come on I'm tired."



"Fuck that Dave, I'm warmed up now, you better have more for me."



Thus all's well that ends well.



Krista





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





