BDSM Library -  Patty's Tattoo




 Patty's Tattoo
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   D/s, Black master






Patty's Tattoo





On Sunday afternoon, Walt J, of Walt's Tattoo shop was telling his buddy Earl of 

the latest customer.



"I tell you, Earl, you know I got nothin' personally against spooks, they're my 

customers like everyone else, but this salt and pepper couple come in my shop 

today. Ah seen lots of stuff, lots of good lookin' babes with bucks, an ah see 

everythin', but today was intense! After they left, just to tell you how intense 

it was, I had to take out my little weenie and jack off. Yeah, I'm not kidding. 

First this incredible stacked blonde dish comes in with this little smock of a 

dress on. Naturally she's with her buck, great big nigger, seems younger than 

her. Turns out she's his high school teacher believe it or not, he calls her 

teach, but of course, he's in charge. Even got a dog collar and leash on her, 

which I seen before of course. Lots of bucks bring their sluts in to get 

ownership marks on them.



But this broad is so gorgeous, seemed like such a loss for one like this to go 

black. Anyway, not surprised when she says she's thinking of a tattoo on her 

bod. Little surprised when she says she wants it on her right tit.



So I show her lots of pictures, and she says it's got to match the others at the 

school where she works. This is down in Detroit, 150 miles away. I guess that's 

why they didn't go to the local tattoo parlour. Naturally I say I have to have 

an example to work from, and she said no problem, and opened her purse, and took 

out some polaroids. Oooooh, man, I could use those polaroids on a cold night. 

Maybe a half dozen knockout white women at some kind of beach camp, surrounded 

by big black bucks, and almost everyone naked. Some of the women just wore 

bikini bottoms, and anyway the women were posing and preening on a sort of 

raised platform, and it looked like some kind of slave auction.



In fact, I had to stare because lots of the bucks held whips or paddles, and 

almost every one of the babes had a few pink stripes across their beautiful 

bottoms or thighs. And they almost all had a tattoo on their right boob, and a 

close up photo showed it real good, Black Power in longhand script. Off to the 

side of one picture I see this babe herself, and realize it was probably just 

taken. She's totally naked, on her knees, and had two shots of her on a leash 

and collar before several grinning black teenagers. I was gettin' so hard I just 

wanted to sit down at that point, and I think she knew and kind of gave me this 

mocking type smile. But stammered out that I could work fine from that photo if 

she was sure she wanted it.







At that time, she sat down, looked at it, and sighed, biting her lip. This is 

what guys in my trade call the Moment of Truth. The fact it's so permanent. Her 

buck grins and says she wants it ok, but I have to make sure the customer wants 

it, so I wait. She says it's a big decision and looked up at her boyfriend, and 

calls him 'Master'. "I don't know, Master, I haven't even told my husband yet." 

That shook me but I hoped it didn't show.



Get this Earl, she's married, AND the kid's teacher, and the poor sap husband 

doesn't even KNOW yet she's a black kid's slut and she's gonna come home with a 

black power tattoo. Anyway, the big nigger grins even wider, and says "it don't 

make no difference, she gone black for good and they both know it."



He winks and says to me, 'don't worry, I help her make up her mind.' I nod, sure 

I can use the business, but tell the truth I really want to see this babe's 

boobs. Then I notice he's hard, and even wearing jeans you can't notice when a 

black male gets a hardon. I'm hard by then too, but you'd never notice. His 

baton is jetting out his pants, and he puts her small white hand on it, and she 

cooed and sighs, squeezing it through the material. She cupped his big balls, 

and moved the length of his huge lump. All the while he tellin' her she got to 

show her commitment to the cause or something. And I can tell that jutting 

hardon is making up her mind all right. She nodded and kissed and nuzzled it 

through the thin fabric. She tries to unzip him, right there in my shop like I'm 

not there, and he pushes her hand away. He tells her she got to earn it. She's 

his slave, and not only his, but all black males, and she got to show her 

devotion.



That did it for her, and she nodded and turned and looked at me and smiled and 

nodded. And do it right away.



I tell her its gonna hurt a lot, being where she wants it, but I can give her a 

little relief with my spray on local anaesthetic. I gotta give the buck credit, 

he did say it'd be okay if she got some freezeon on the skin first, but she 

shook her beautiful head. I can't believe what she tells him, something like 

this. "Thank you Master, but it would mean so much to me if I suffered to please 

you.'



Like she knows its gonna get him going to see her hurt, and she wants to make it 

a gift to him. I know its true, but generally unspoken. Naturally he wants her 

to suffer, and she smiles. Of course he wants to see his slut hurt, cuz the more 

they hurt, the more powerful he feels. The thing is, this one wants it. She 

WANTS to suffer for him. Not kidding Earl, this is real.



She takes her top down, and those braless beauties make my cock stand straight 

up. Great big firm white tits, big brown nipples. Then, just as I begin, and I 

know it hurts her, she whispers please to her buck, And then he unzips his cock, 

no I'm not making this up, right there in the store in the private area in back. 

Yeah, its hard all right, hard and drooling. It's the biggest cock I've ever 

even seen or heard of. Thick vein down the underside, big flared black/purple 

knob, maybe a foot long and thick!! And balls, balls like grapefruit balls.



I've seen everything in my store, and they're customers, and besides this buck 

got a mean look to him, and he could snap me like a twig, so I say nothin'. Lots 

of times a white girl squeezes her buck's hard cock while they grin while I work 

on them. Gets them off to make a girl suffer for them like this. I mean I've 

seen that lots of times. But this mammoth cock dangling by her face, and in 

between cries of pain, she kisses and licks it. I keep tellin' myself, I'm a 

pro, I'm busy, tryin' to be doin' my job, don't say nothin', but don't say I 

don't see everythin' either.



Every time I get to a sensitive spot, and she gets to hurting, I tell her to 

take some deep breaths to get through it, and he gets even stiffer watching. 

Then after, she begins at the knob, and licks all his drool off. I mean this 

tattoo takes a while, and she worshipped him all the time. That's just what it 

was, worship. This gorgeous blonde dish paid like a kind of oral homage to his 

big black cock. Mewled and purred and kissed and licked it.



When it was over, she admired herself in the mirror and then, I'm not making 

this up, she gets on her knees and kisses each of his feet. Then he looks up at 

me, and asks if the bitch can suck him off in the store. I nod, too thick 

throated to talk by now, feeling like a jackhammer running through my veins, 

feeding my stretched out little cock with blood. He allows her to suck him off, 

and he don't take much time, and you should have heard her suck and blow him, 

and I can tell he must have cum in buckets, holding her head on him, but when 

she finished licking him, not a drop, swallowed his whole load right in front of 

me like I wasn't there. I couldn't turn away, I just had to watch like a total 

fool, and even stroked my own cock, and watched her gulp and swallow, but then 

did something odd.



She took her mouth off, and gripping his now softening but still huge black 

baton, squeezed off one last big dollop of thick white sperm, and arched her big 

breasts under it, and let it dribble across her tits, sighing deeply. She also 

brushed his cream across her face and neck. Then, she looked up at me, gaping, 

and smiled. Then, smiling this weird grateful adoring smile at this huge black 

buck, she slipped her top back on, and you could see the white sperm clumps on 

the top of each hefty boob and on her cheek and SHE paid me. I realized she 

intentionally wanted to show the world she had her buck's sperm on her. I stood 

there open mouthed as she kissed his hand as it pulled on her leash. I watched 

them go out the door and sashay down the street, and realized my cock was 

throbbing so hard. At first I thought I had cum in my pants, I had drenched 

them. But even if I did, I had to whip it out and spray off. I was still getting 

a distant look at her fine body besides him as I hit it again. Jeeez, damn it. 

Makes me hard again to think of it."



As Patty walked along the street with her beloved Black Master, she looked 

forward to only one thing at home, when she showed her tattoo proudly to her 

husband, and announced she had gone Black. And then the next day, she couldn't 

wait to display it to the whole school. And finally, when she would take 

Andrea's place one day in acquainting the younger grade males to a truly 

worshipping white female.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nic Romanschak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





