BDSM Library - Slavegirls of the Sultan




Slavegirls of the Sultan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A group of american schoolgirels are shipwrecked in the Arabian Sea and become slaves of the Sultan who decides to rid them of their lustful desires






It had started as a pleasure cruise in the Arabian Sea, nobody expected the boat to sink so suddenly. All crew and passengers were presumed drowned but 6 american schoolgirls had managed to swim ashore, where they were found in an exhausted state by the Sultans men.



Relief at being rescued turned to fear as they were paraded in front of the Sultan at gunpoint. "welcome infidel whores" said the Sultan "the authorities think you are dead so nobody will come looking for you.You are my slaves now so you better get used to the idea". 



The girls listened in horror, Cindy, the oldest of them, cried out but she was slapped in th face for her disobediamnce. "Look at you disgusting whores with your long hair, low cut tops, short skirts,jewellry and make up. Now you will all strip naked" continued the Sultan. 



They had no choice but to obey and as their clothes fell to th ground the Sultyan looked on disapprovingly. He took particular exception to Cindy because she was wearing a thong and as she removed it he struck her in the face as he saw that her pubic hair was completely shaved. "You western bitches are all the same, you are obsessed with your looks and your filthy desires - well its time for you be processed to remove your sexuality.



The girls didn't understand the full meaning but were terrified by these words.Before they could move 6 chairs were brought ino the courtyard by a group of older women, each carrying a bag containing shears and other items. The girls were forced to sit still as the women began chopping at their hair with shears. The girls sobbed and sobbed as the women proceeded to run an electric razor over their heads. Their ordeal continued as shaving creme was applied to their craniums and ther were shaved completely bald. The sultan nodded approvingly as the girls eyebrows were also removed and their heads were polished with a burning oil until they gleemed brilliantly in the overhead sun.The girls&nbsp;&nbsp; howled as mirrors were produced and they were forced to gaze at their alien appearence with their shiny bald heads and lack of eyebrows. "You are not so pretty now" laughed the sultan, the burning that you felt is yout hair follicles being destroyed by my special oil, you are all now permanently bald".



As the horror of these words sank in one of the girls was led away into what appeared to be an operating theatre, whilst the others were made to follow.In the middle lay a table with straps and stirrups. The girl was grabbed by two guards and srapped to the table with her legs placed in the stirrups. She ws given an injection to sedate her but she was fully conscious as the surgeon picked up a scalpel and moved betwe her legs.He began rubbing ointment into her clitoris until it engorged with blood. Despite her shock and horror the girls body began to respond and just as she climaxed the scalpel cut through the base of her clitoris.



A fountain of blood arched from betwen hee legs and then the burning pain began. She passed out in agony as the wound was stiched whilst the oher girls screamed in shock at seeing their friend circumcised. "Do not worry" said the Sultan, "This procedure will calm you and remove sexual desire, it will help you forget your former lives and adjust to your new lives as slaves where you will exist to please only me" said the Sultan. One by one each girl was led screaming to the table. Each time the surgeon massaged ointment in to the girls clitoris and brought her to orgasm one last time before removing her clitoris at the root.



Finally only Cindy remained, "it is good that you are shaved down below" said the Sultan, it will make the surgeons job easier for I can see that you wlil need special treatment to cure you of your lustful ways.&nbsp; Cindy fainted at these words but awoke to find herself strapped to the table with the surgeon stood at her legs holding forceps and a scalpel.He grasped her clitoris in the foceps and pulled it out from the body, cutting as deeply as possible with the scalpel and removing it at the root so no nerves remained. Cindy screamed in agony as the surgeon severed her the labia minora and cut the sides of her labia major so that he could sew the mouth of the vagina closed by connecting the raw edges. "Don't worry my dear" said the "you still have a small hole to allow you urinate and pass menstrual blood". Cindy had gone into shock by this point at her own infibulation.



The girls were allowed to convalese for a few days before being forced to parade in front of him in front of the Sultan who smiled to himself at the sight of 5 completely bald and circumcised american school girls in front of him, their polished heads bowed in shame. They had only recently become aware of their own sexuality but now they had been castrated at the hands of the Sultan and were sexually dead, their ability to experience sexual pleasure destroyed forever.





The girls gasped as the infibulated Cindy was led naked into the courtyard to join them. They didn't know what had become of gher but their relief at seeing her turned to horror as they saw the angry red scar between her legs where her vaginal opening should have been.



"Take a good look" said the Sultan, "if any of you disobey me or exhibit any lustful desires you will be sewn up like your friend here. This is the only sexual contact that you will experience from now on". With that, Cindy was forced to her hands and knees, the pain from her infibulation scar caused her to cry out in pain as she did so. The Sultan crouched behind her and without warning forced himself into her anus."This is what you western whores deserve" he exclaimed as he continued to have anal sex with the screaming and humiliated Cindy. The other girls sobbed at their friends pain and looked way in horror and resignation at the thought their new lives as slaves of the Sultan. There would be no escape.&nbsp; 













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hank


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





