BDSM Library -  Blindfolded




 Blindfolded
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hetero sex, Light bondage






Blindfolded





I. She



She lay blindfolded in the center of the huge bed, her ankles and wrists bound 

to the four posts at the corners with soft, silken restraints. She could see 

nothing, hear nothing.



She could feel the cool flow of air across her bare skin, and the thought of 

being exposed to whomever her lover chose made her nipples harden and her thighs 

tremble.



She heard the sharp sound of a match being struck, then she could smell the 

sulphur as it burned and was extinguished. The pungent smell was soon replaced 

with that of cinnamon; someone had lit a candle. Still, no other sound, no 

touch.



Then, suddenly, she heard the crack of the cat-o-nine-tails as the soft strips 

of leather sang through the air and bit sharply into the skin of her left 

breast. She gasped in amazement, as it had come earlier than she had expected. 

The stinging sensation was almost immediately replaced with something warm and 

wet on her nipple. A tongue, perhaps, drawing dizzying circles around the 

sensitive pebble.



Two tricks, and she knew she was already dripping wet. As if having read her 

mind, a flat-ended leather riding crop made its way down her belly and between 

her quivering thighs and reemerged from its quest completely drenched in her 

juices.



The cat-o-nine-tails cracked again, this time landing on her soft belly.



She cringed, waiting for another lash. It didn't come. Instead, something 

silky-soft ran across her thighs and between them, up over her stomach, and 

around her breasts. Her entire body tingled with anticipation of the next touch.



The cat bit into the flesh of her right breast this time, one tendril falling 

squarely on the nipple. She moaned with a combination of pleasure and pain, 

awaiting the soft touch that must come next.



Wrong again.



The riding crop came down hard across her breasts, making her flinch. It moved 

down her body, over her flat stomach, her thighs, the inner part of her calves, 

the arches of her feet. Each stroke made her wince. Then the blows moved back 

up. This time they never moved above her waist. They were concentrated on her 

inner thighs, and a few were placed directly between the lips of her pussy, 

which were positively dripping at this point.



Suddenly, they stopped. Something was placed against her lips. The musky smell 

told her immediately what to do, and she opened her mouth, enveloping the 

cockhead, and began to suck hungrily. Clamps pinched her nipples and her head 

began to swim. She was delirious with passion.



Two soft hands began to stroke her belly and inner thighs. A tongue began to lap 

at her engorged clit and she nearly came right then. Only when she felt a pair 

of balls slap her chin on the downstroke, just as she felt a tongue slide deep 

inside her, did she realize that the man in her mouth must be straddling her at 

such an angle as to make it impossible for him to also be licking her pussy.



The realization that she was being taken by two men sent her over the edge.



Her entire body exploded in orgasm, her cries sending vibrations through the 

cock still in her mouth, making him come, too. The tongue at her pussy continued 

to lap and swirl as she came down from her incredible high.



Her thighs still trembled as the tongue was replaced with gentle fingers that 

ran the length of her slit, smoothing copious amounts of her fluids over her 

tight, pink asshole. A finger delicately worked its way past the tight rim, 

moving gently in circles, allowing her time to adjust. A finger stayed on her 

clit, applying just the faintest amount of pressure. The single finger in her 

ass was replaced with two, and more of her pussy juices.



Then the real test came.



The tip of his cock was placed against her asshole as a sharp blow from the 

riding crop fell on her breasts. Her nipples, still clamped, ached and 

throbbed..



Soft cloth smoothed the marks from the whip, then it fell again as the cockhead 

thrust past the rim of her virgin ass. Cloth, whip, cloth, whip, the cycle 

continued as he thrust deeper inside her ass.



Then he was gone.



The restraints around her wrists and ankles were removed and she was picked up, 

rolled over, and placed astride a very large cock. It slid into her pussy with 

only the slightest resistance, then withdrew. Hands on her waist held her still 

as a cock thrust deep into her ass again. This time it remained as the second 

cock worked its way into her sopping wet pussy. She whimpered helplessly as the 

line between pleasure and pain blurred irrevocably.



Still blindfolded, she could only feel, hear, and smell the double fuck she was 

receiving.



They thrust harder and deeper, one moving in as the other moved out, until her 

panting became one long, low moan. Her arousal was so great, the level of her 

passion so high, that she was totally delirious. She regained some level of 

consciousness when the nipple clamps were removed and the blood came rushing 

back, making her scream from the pain at the same time she was experiencing the 

most fantastic orgasm of her life. It seemed to go on forever, and then 

everything went black.



She awoke several hours later, sore and exhausted, snuggled between two strong 

male bodies. Her lover kissed her gently and held her against him as they 

drifted back to sleep.





II. He



He watched as she straddled his chest and slipped his hands into the fur-lined 

restraints. Her silk-encased breasts hung just out of reach, making his mouth 

water. He smiled up at her, wondering just what she had in store for him.



She swung herself off him and walked to the foot of the bed, where she placed 

his ankles in another set of restraints, taking care that he could see what she 

was doing. When the cuffs were fastened, she put her hands on her hips and 

smiled wickedly at him. A look of lust glazed her eyes as she devoured his 

nakedness.



He saw her reach down and take something from the box at the foot of the bed, 

but she kept it out of sight as she moved toward him. She slid onto the bed, 

straddled his waist, and leaned down to kiss him. The sweetness of her mouth 

could make him forget everything else, so he barely noticed that as she kissed 

him, she fitted a silk scarf around his eyes, lifting his head and fastening it 

securely behind him.



She broke the kiss and began to move down his body, feathering kisses across his 

chest, swirling her tongue around his nipples, and lightly scratching her 

fingernails over his bare skin. When her hips reached his, he felt her grind 

herself against his semi-hard cock, making sure he knew she wore no panties 

beneath her silk slip. She continued down his body, attending to every inch of 

flesh but never touching his rapidly hardening dick.



Then she was gone. He strained to hear her moving around the room, but there was 

no sound. His cock swelled in anticipation.



Just when he thought she had left him prone on their bed for good, he heard a 

clink on the bedside stand. He felt her slide onto the bed. He pulled at the 

restraints, testing their security, and was completely unprepared for the ice 

cube on his nipple. His breath caught in his throat and his whole body went 

rigid. The unexpected cold was quickly becoming painful. He was about to beg her 

to stop when the ice cube was replaced with her hot, wet mouth and swirling 

tongue. He groaned aloud.



Her mouth was still suckling at him when he felt the ice on his other nipple. 

Instead of holding it in one place, though, this time she swirled it around and 

around, running it down his chest, over his stomach, and back up, following with 

long, sweet strokes of her tongue. The juxtaposition of cold and hot chasing 

each other across his skin nearly drove him out of his mind. And yet, he moaned 

a little in disappointment when there was a pause.



He arched his back, reaching for her touch, but there was nothing. He felt her 

shift on the bed, heard something... maybe. His cock twitched at thoughts of 

what she might do next, the muscles in his thighs ached for her touch. He took a 

deep breath and forced himself to relax; it could be forever before she touched 

him again.



Just as he had resigned himself to his torturous fate, he felt her velvet lips 

at the head of his cock, and then he was engulfed... in the coldest water he 

could imagine. His whole body recoiled from the shock and the groan that ripped 

itself from him shook the entire bed.



He felt her swallow, once, twice, three times, the muscles of her throat 

massaging him, encouraging him to stay hard.



And then she was gone again. He yanked at his bonds in frustration. He wanted to 

snap at her, was very nearly fed up with this game and wanted out... now.



The gentle brush of her fingertips told him she was not finished. Patience, came 

the voice in his head. He tried to relax again, but failed.



His cock ached, his balls throbbed, and then it happened. The brush of her 

velvet lips, his sharp intake of breath, waiting for the sting of cold water, 

and the rush of liquid heat that suddenly surrounded his aching dick. He cried 

out, moaning her name, unleashing an incoherent string of expletives and 

breathless words of appreciation. Her tongue swirled along the underside, 

tickled the base, curled around the mushroom tip, and then he felt the slightest 

pressure of her teeth along the rim. When he felt her fingers pressing 

delicately against the soft, smooth piece of skin just below his balls, he 

groaned and came, hard, straining at his bonds, his back arching. Through the 

haze of orgasm, he could feel her swallow, and as his world slowly came back 

into focus, he felt her tongue, gently sliding over his length, bringing him 

back to full attention.



Unbelievably, hard again, he felt her straddle his hips, and then he sank into 

her dripping pussy and she rode him, slowly, for what seemed like hours, until 

she came with a soft, moaning sigh and stretched herself against him. He felt 

himself pulsing inside her, the slick walls of her gorgeous pussy massaging him 

with tiny aftershock contractions. After a few moments, she pushed herself up, 

her hands on his shoulders, and began to slide herself up and down his cock, 

soft, then hard, circling in one direction, then the other. The incredible 

tightness of her twat soon had him spinning, and when she slammed her hips 

against him, he could hold back no longer. He felt her fingernails scrape across 

his nipples and he came, the walls of her pussy milking him on each minute 

upstroke.



Still inside her, he felt her reach up and unfasten his restraints, then remove 

the blindfold, kissing him deeply as she did so. He enveloped her in his arms 

and rolled her over onto her side, keeping one leg wrapped around him, loving 

the way she felt against him.



Comfortably exhausted, they slept, tangled together in the heat and sweat of 

each others' skin.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   blue wave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





