BDSM Library -  Pirates of Caledonia II




 Pirates of Caledonia II
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This follows on from the first story. John, the Captain and Tara return to the pirate ship and set sail and attack a cargo ship before landing on an island after the ship is damaged. John, the Cabin Boy, faces a deflowering of the virgins ceremony, a couple of odd wrestling matches and a game of Truth or Dare with some of the crew before returning home to Hamilton






Chapter I: Tara and her visit
The sight of the Sun rising majestically in the east was a fascinating sight from my room window. I had a good view on the third floor, and the orgy of bright reds, shimmering oranges and incredible yellows reflected gloriously on the choppy sea and the still harbour. The ship bobbed up and down gently as I watched in awe as the Sun came into view.

It was inevitable for me to wonder how I had managed to be the first guy in over a century to make it on a pirate boat and be allowed to stay there, and really did believe that Tara had spoken to Rhona. Either way, it was slightly academic as all I had to do now was not fuck up again.

I did ponder why the ship elicited such positive emotions for me. I certainly had never wanted to join the military before, and on the face of it, it was a dangerous occupation. I was hardly the sort of person who craved danger and an unemployed teaching assistant would hardly make a good pirate on paper, but I did think I could be good at it. Maybe, I had just managed to stumble onto my true vocation by accident. Being surrounded by 40-odd horny women helped. 

The next three days flew by. Commander Penny, a veteran of numerous campaigns, was the Keeper of Portcullis House and ran the operations in the building. Responsible for the ground crew, I was quickly seconded into her team and helped clean the ship. I was surprised how dirty it had become, and using a complex array of ropes we managed to clean hulls, masts and even sails, as well as the decks and rooms.

Commander Penny demanded a good days work, and I witnessed a couple of young crew members get disciplined for slacking. I struck up a couple of good friendships and quickly learnt that most of the ground crew had narrowly failed their tests to get become a pirate and were hoping that they would be spotted by a Captain as a member of the ground crew before retaking them next year.

Lisa, a 21-year-old brunette from the country and Holly, a 16-year-old black haired girl from Hamilton became the closest things I had to friends and we often took lunch and dinner together. After sunset, I was alone as Commander Penny segregated myself from her girls and I was consigned to the third floor only.

I was glad when Tara appeared on the final day. I was polishing the brasses in the galley when she arrived from nowhere and made me jump. 

`See someone let you stay then', she said when my heart rate returned to normal.

`Yeah. Gotta be trained, but I will be here for the time being. Thank you'

`Thank me?', Tara enquired. `I did nothing'

`Hmmmmmmm. Why don't I believe you. Is the Captain here?' 

`No. Everyone is coming down tomorrow. I've got the day off so I can go sightseeing in Hamilton but thought I'd drop in to say hello', she told me. `But ummm.....I might just be nicking some of your bed tonight though'

`Of course. Anything', I told her and she smiled before skating off. To say I was looking forward to going back to the open sea was an understatement and for the rest of the day cleaned every nook and cranny I could find. In all the years of piracy, I don't think a ship left Hamilton cleaner and smarter than the Sedna.

Tara arrived at 9pm, just as I was saying goodnight to the ground crew girls. I think Tara had hoped to meet them but made do with my company instead and bounced upstairs.

The room was not really big enough for two people but we managed to squeeze in and after catching up on all the news at the base (and inevitable sexual gossip), we were ready to settle down to bed. Tara stripped naked in no time at all and was snug in bed while I was still doing my teeth. 

`Budge up', I told her and she smirked at me.

`Gotta make it worth my while', she replied to a snort from myself.

`It's my bed.....what did you have in mind?'

`You know what I have in mind'. Tara threw back the thin red duvet and slid her legs up the bed. `Now stop fucking about and get my tongue down there'

I didn't need telling twice and eagerly knelt at the end of the bed. She wiggled down a bit so her legs were resting on my shoulders and I began to slide my salivating mouth organ over her lubricated slit to settle down for hours of heavenly pussy eating. 










Chapter II: Replacements
The Captain woke Tara and myself up by storming into my little room and throwing off the covers. We had slept little that night, and Tara had had several orgasms (and I even managed a couple myself)

`Come on Cabin Boy', she bellowed. `Stop fucking my crew. We have work to do.'

I came round quickly and she was holding out my razor and towel. 

`Get showered, get dressed and get downstairs', she told me and have my naked rear a painful spank as I left the room.

Tara quickly joined me in the warm shower but said nothing. I helped her shave and we were both dressed in the pirates clothing and downstairs within ten minutes.

The Captain was busy talking to Commander Penny when we both arrived in the little dining room.

`Two minutes', the Captain warned us and both Tara and I gleefully annihilated a bowl of cereal each and a glass of orange juice. 

`Cabin Boy...', the Captain called as I finished the last of the orange juice in my glass. `....Penelope and Ida are both in quarantine with the flu and we need replacements. We do not have time to arrange for new members of crew to come from the base, so I am going to bring in two members of the ground crew. I will let you pick, but you will be disciplined for their mistakes so pick well'

`Yes Captain', I replied. `I think Holly and Lisa would serve you well'

The Captain turned to the Commander inquisitively, who smirked.

`Well Holly is sixteen and she darn 'alf 'ave a gob on her. His arse will be red raw 'fore you've left port.'

`Sixteen's a bit young isn't it?'

`Nah, chucked out of school at 14.....long list of petty crimes that one. Is the cousin of the old Admiral and she has been with us for six months. She wants to join the navy properly when she gets to 18.....Fat chance though.......Too much attitude'

`I'm sure my Cabin Boy will make her behave. And Lisa?'

`She's good. No problems from her. Sound she is'

`Excellent. We must catch up when we return. My treat in town'

`Looking forward to it', Penny told her and the Captain turned to me. 

`Get your stuff packed and get it on the ship. Then help load the supplies from the train that is the station. We sail at noon'.

`Yes Captain', I told her and ran up the two flights of stairs to my room, picked up my packed bag and was dumping it in my cabin inside two minutes. 

I had clearly underestimated the amount of stuff to be loaded onto the ship. There were crates and crates of food to be stored in the larder, not to mention the water tank needed filling from the long hose attached to the side of Portcullis House, although I also found out that the water for our showers came from the ocean and was merely desalinated.

Gabby, a member of the ground crew checked everything had been loaded onto the ship correctly and I was with the Captain three hours later as she poured over some diagrams with Tara. It turned out that they had the anti-piracy patrol boat plans and were planning on heading North to avoid where they would be.

I grinned, understanding completely why the two patrol boats, funded by Caledonia to look like they took the problem of piracy seriously, was so unsuccessful. I was running some sums round in my head, trying to work out if it was good value and for how many years the gold and silver haul would pay for the patrol boats, and arrived at around 280 years when the Captain snapped me out of my mathematical puzzle.

`Cabin Boy', she called for the second time.

`Sorry Captain'.

`You will be. Go the station and help the girls unload. They are due any minute'

`Yes Captain'

The train took another ten minutes to arrive but I was soon joined on the platform by 40 excited female pirates.&nbsp; Tabatha was the first to notice my presence and shouted across the congested platform at me.

`Are you on the ground crew or the ship?', she asked and eighty eyes looked round at me.

`I'm sailing with you', I told her and there was an audible cheer.

`I get the first fight with him', Tabatha called and there was a murmur of disagreement.

`Anyone need any help?', I asked and Commander Helen appeared from nowhere and passed me two naval issue bags followed quickly by Lieutenant Anne. 

In total I carried all of Commanders' bags as well as most of the Lieutenants' in a number of trips. My last trip was to help carry, a worrying punishment device from the back of the van that looked like a wooden frame with restraints and spinned in the middle.

`The Captain got it from the Admiralty. They did a clear out', Africa told me and I didn't probe any further. 

It was half past eleven when the entire crew were on the deck in a circle. She read out the names of all of the members of the crew, including Holly and Lisa.&nbsp; Jacqueline had been replaced by a wiry looking girl called Angela in Navigation while Suzanne was back in Sigma as a full seawoman again.

The Captain then gave each team jobs to do and the girls moved like lightning to start the ship moving again. The Captain marched to the Upper Deck and looked down on the activity taking place. I stood behind her and gleefully watched as the ship moved slowly out of the harbour and began picking up pace. The sight I never thought I would see again, was happening before my eyes. 

We had been moving for twenty minutes, and Hamilton had melted into the disappearing landmass that populated the side of the ocean, when the Captain ordered me to wait in her quarters. She arrived two minutes later with Tara and I began to think back to the previous night. Was I going to get quizzed for screwing her? Was I going to get punished? Was Tara?

She addressed Tara first as she sat down at her bureau, `John is here as the Admiral has demanded that he is given a member of my crew to train him, and I had chosen you but after seeing you this morning I am concerned......'

`Of course. Well I can't deny we get on well........and enjoy sex with each other as we all do.......but I'm professional. If I am training him then he will be the best he can be and be disciplined thoroughly' Tara explained. The Captain was looking into her eyes piercingly and smiled.

`Why do I get the feeling that you are dating on the shore?'

Tara bit her lip and shook her head. `I offered but he turned me down'.

`That's not true!', I exclaimed and looked at Tara. `I said she could do far better for herself. She is out of my league'

The Captain smirked. `That IS true. Never look a gifthorse in the mouth though Cabin Boy.....'

Tara was getting nervous and quickly replied to the Captain. `We are not dating.....casual sex yes, but partners no. And for the duration of the training I will stop that, if required. The navy is far more important than sex.'

`Rhona's influence?', she asked.

`Totally. I want to advance in the navy like she did. She was a Captain at 29. I've got eight years before I reach her age and when I do I want to be an officer too. I wouldn't screw that up for anything'

`OK. No chastity required. I'll send him out in a couple of minutes' , the Captain told Tara and Tara bid her goodbye and closed the door.

`You fucking retard. What the hell did you turn her down for?', the Captain asked me the moment the door was closed. 

`She would end up harming her career if it ever came out she was dating a cabin boy, Captain'

The Captain shook her head and picked up a book. `She wouldn't ask you if she didn't think you were worth the risk. And she helped you at your hearing at the Admiralty.'

`Helped me, Captain?'

`Who do you think did all the research for Captain Rhona? It's not as though she has the time. She only arrived in port the same day we did'

I winced as she said these words. `When we get back onto shore I will make amends with her', I promised. 

`You better. You have one of the brightest girls in Caledonia who likes you and you fucked it right up. Now go find her for your training'

`Yes Captain', I said and fled the grinning Captain, my mind whizzing with what she had said. I suppose I knew deep down that Tara must have had something to do with the outcome hearing but wished she had admitted to me herself.

Tara was looking out over the ship from the upper deck, talking with Commander Paula, a tall woman with frizzy brown hair and a warm face. She was easily in her early 30s but commanded much respect from the far younger crew. 

I could hear the subject of the conversation as I walked up the wooden steps and they turned their attention turned to me.

`What are you doing with him today?', the Commander asked Tara, who turned her attention away from the mass of pirates on the main deck and towards me. 

`Bit of physical exercise this morning and some basic weaponry training this afternoon.'

`Nice. Make sure he is out of the way of the girls......don't want too much of a distraction'

`Sure. I was going to keep him on the Upper Deck where I can keep an eye on him'

Tara turned to me like I had been invisible for the last few minutes and began addressing me. 

It felt weird doing the physical exercise in front of the girls but Tara kept an eye on me as I struggled past the fifty sit-ups, twenty push-ups, running up and down the stairs for twenty minutes, and the weights Tara had procured from Lieutenant Ivana's team. By the time lunch had come around my muscles were aching and my stomach empty. Tara and the Commander had started watching me, but they switched from offering insults to merely keeping an eye on me while doing their own work.

I arrived at the Captain's quarters with lunch and interrupted a chat she was having with Lieutenant Charlotte, the duty officer on the Delta team.

The Captain nodded her head towards me as I poked my head around the door and announced I had brought lunch.

`Better eat quickly', she told me. `I am to convene the ships crew on deck in five minutes'

I ate my prepared sandwiches in record time and eagerly drank the flaggon of fresh water provided while the Captain poured over some charts and picked at her meal. When I had finished she asked me to ring the bell outside her quarters and I joined her on the main deck as all the crew scampered to their place.

The Captain appeared a few moments later with a sandwich in one hand and her tankard in the other.

`CABIN BOY....', she bellowed across the circle at me as she idly strode across the deck. `....in the centre please' 

What had I done? I had done all the tasks Tara had set me, and not been late with lunch?

`Lieutenant Charlotte, please tell the Cabin Boy what Holly said to you earlier'

`Yes Captain. She told me to go and fucking clean the brasses if I thought it was so easy', the officer announced to the group. There was an intake of breath after she spoke and a number of eyes turned to the sixteen year old who was looking sheepish.

`Holly.....return to my quarters and select a punishment instrument from the back of my door of your choice' shouted the Captain between mouthfuls of cheese sandwich.

`Sure, Captain'. Holly skipped off and I waited. I knew that I would be punished for her insolence but it was surely unfair. 

Holly returned with a riding crop and went to give to the Captain but she didn't take it.

`John.....you were told any punishments that would be given to Holly or Lisa would be doled out to you instead for this voyage and for the act of rudeness to the Commander, I sentence Holly to ten hits which you will now take'

`Yes Captain', I said, accepting my fate. I turned and presented my bare behind to the crew for the punishment.

`Holly....please do the honours', the Captain told her and I almost cried out in indignation. She commits the crime and gets to inflict the punishment. Where was the incentive for Holly to behave if she never got punished for what she did? Gritting my teeth in expectation and annoyance, I braced myself for the first hit.

`Do I just smack it?', I heard Holly say after she had lined up behind me.

`I'll show you', Commander Paula said and then had Paula explain to the teenager how to hit me.

`You picked the lollipop, and it really doesn't hurt him much unless you really get going with it', Paula told her. `It just makes a satisfying sound when it strikes the skin.'

`It doesn't hurt him?......', Holly asked incredulously

`It hurts, but nowhere near as much as the cat or the flogger. Now to use it, we always strike on bare bottoms unless the Captain says otherwise. Get the crop and get right behind him. Bring it to half a metre away......like that, yes and just flick it across him'

Holly brought the crop against my backside and I let out a yelp as it made contact with my skin, but it was drowned out by the loud HAWOOOP sound of the crop hitting my exposed skin. It didn't feel as painful as the whip when that was used against me on the previous voyage but it stung nastily.

Paula praised the young girl and told her to continue, which Holly did. Each hit elicited another yelp from me although, probably more by accident than intention, Holly was not hitting the same area of my rump with each hit so the pain was perfectly bearable.

By the time the Captain had counted to ten, my rear was stinging and sore. 

`Cabin Boy, thank Holly for punishing you', the Captain told me and I turned to look at the girl, my skimpy shorts still around my ankles.

`Thank you Holly for punishing me'. What was I saying. And why?

Holly smirked and with the crop in her right hand, stroked it up and down my flaccid cock.

`Can I crop him on his cock, Captain?', Holly asked, the devilish grin on her face not changing.

`NO', the Captain replied. `Another time. You have work to do.'

What the fuck was going on?





Chapter III: Holly's disobedience
I was dressed and ready to continue my training in the afternoon, when Tara failed to appear on the Upper Deck when she promised. I gazed out over the unforgiving, choppy ocean when she re-emerged five minutes later with a small box and a bag on the Upper Deck.

`I have the afternoon off', she explained, `So its some weaponry training for you. These are training swords, but the end is blunted'

Tara removed two wooden weapons from the box and the ends of the blades were cut off and covered with rubber, as was the blade. 

`Right....'

`For every battle you win, I will take off an item of clothing afterwards and remain dressed in that way until I go to bed at night'

`Sweet', I exclaimed. `Do I get to choose what comes off?'

`Don't see why not. You won't win any. Now the trick with using these weapons is not to leave yourself open but to ensure you can use the weapon to make defensive moves as well as offensive moves'

She passed me one of the blades and told me to try and strike her with it. As I moved the blade forward towards her, she used her sword to block the move and push my blade to one side with some considerable force. With my sword out of the way she jabbed my chest.

We spent the first two hours practicising the defensive moves and then the offensive strikes. I got reasonably good at the defensive actions but she blocked just about every attacking move I made with ease.

`It takes time', she warned me as she blocked me again. 

`Some battles....', she cried as she knocked the sword out of my hand for the umpteenth time. `.....you can win by being defensive'

She waited until I had retrieved my sword and took a few steps back, and then with little warning she came at me her sword, to her right and about to rain down on me. Instinctively, I moved back and then stepped in with a blocking strike to prevent her from hitting me, but she spun her arm round and I had to jump out of the way of her slashing weapon. She looked serious and competitive and lashed towards me with her backhand which I also had to dodge.

This continued for a few minutes until she hit me on my lower shoulder.

`Oowwww', I called out as the rubber tipped sword bounced off the edge of my collar bone.

`Would have hurt a lot more if it was a real one', Tara said, slightly patronisingly.

We restarted, and almost immediately I lost my footing and had to roll over just Tara was bringing her sword down on my torso. I brought&nbsp; my weapon up and caught her on her stomach.

`Nice hit', she said as I was scrambling to my feet. `So you've won one. You won't win another'

She was wrong.....I did win again, but only two more and we did fight around twenty times. She exposed herself during an offensive strike and I blocked and returned, but all told,&nbsp; my weaponry fighting was a bit of a disappointment. 

`OK, what items? As if I need to ask?', Tara asked as we packed away the wooden weapons.

`Jacket, top and shorts', I replied without even thinking. 

Tara smiled as she peeled off her clothing. She had a fantastic body and the sweaty body glistened invitingly. Her slim, toned body, with touchable breasts and shoulder-length ponytail hair was incredible and caused a few eyes to wonder as she navigated down the steps. 

I could feel myself getting an erection as her boots complimented her outfit perfectly. 

`Come on, lets get something to eat', she told me as she packed away the swords in the box. I held out my hand and she took it warmly. Never have I had a dinner date so invitingly sexy as Tara.

I would like to say that we ate our meagre dinner in a romantic and sexy environment but most of the crew made at least one lewd comment at Tara and we had to sit at opposite ends of the galley.

The Captain did ask me to explain why Tara was naked, but once the story had been told, she laughed heartily.

`Good to see she is taking the training seriously', she told me and left it at that.

I cleared the Captain's table and was set to leave the galley when the Captain called myself and the other crew members angling to make a disappearance back.

`We have three new girls and we must do our initiation. Just how well do the girls know us?', the Captain bellowed across the packed dining area. 

`Rho, set up the tables and the mat', she called out and one of the tables sped into action. A few of the crew from other teams helped them move the weighted tables while Sadie and Bridget retrieved the red mat I remembered from the last voyage. 

I could see Holly's face looking anxious but Angela and Lisa, the other new girls were perfectly calm.

As the mat was being unfurled, the Captain strode to the front and addressed Holly. 

`Holly.....please go to my room and get the riding crop'. Oh fuck! What had Holly done NOW?

Holly returned two minutes later with the riding crop and the Captain ordered me to the front.

`Holly was warned as to her conduct earlier, and was caught spitting on the deck. For this offence, I punish her to five strikes of the crop on her rump'

Holly looked nervous for a moment, framed in the doorway to the galley holding the riding crop as the Captain spoke.

`Cabin Boy....you will accept Holly's punishment for her', she told me sternly and I uttered a `Yes Captain'.

Holly strode forward, more confident now. `Can I strike him on his cock please Captain'

`NO. On the arse, as the punishment says'

I slid my shorts down and passed my jacket to Commander Catherine, the nearest pirate to me.

Holly giggled. `I can still see the red marks from earlier' 

I felt a swooshing through the air behind me and a sudden eruption of pain from my behind. The riding crop struck with my milky white skin painfully and with some force. I yelped and heard Holly giggle again in glee.

`I can do it harder', she cried and brought the riding crop down with renewed vigour on my rump. I cried out this time, the spot on my behind stinging in pain.

Holly brought it down three more times, each time stinging more and more, before the Captain re-emerged from the crowd. 

`Give the crop to the Cabin Boy', she told her as I pulled my shorts back up. I took the punishment implement from her and rolled it my fingers.

`Captain, what would I have to do, to let me punish him by cropping his cock?', Holly asked and I heard a few voices of dissent amongst the crew.

`I shall imagine I didn't hear that', the Captain told her angrily and swung round to me. 

`Take that back to my quarters and then go to yours. You are in solitary until dawn tomorrow.

`Yes Captain', I said disappointed. I get to miss the lesbian oral sex display because of Holly and in sheer anger, I threw my jacket at the wall.

Bored and lonely for three hours, my thoughts were only interrupted when there was a knock on the door. I got up to answer, but Tabatha poked her head around the door and then came in.

`Ssssshhhhh', she whispered. `You are in solitary and the Commanders and Captain are about.

`Sure. What do you want?', I said in a low voice.

`Why are you being punished for Holly's fuck ups?', Tabatha asked.

`I selected her. The Captain told me to select two people from the ground crew and I selected Holly'

`Why?'

`Because I thought she had spirit and would fit in well'

`The girls don't like her. She is lazy and keeps getting you punished deliberately.'

`I thought I wasn't liked after the trial last week?'

`Forgotten. No-one, even the Commanders, had ever seen anyone flogged 24 times. It was an incredible punishment. Wiped the slate clean with everyone.'

`It was in an incredible punishment', I said, remembering the whipping that I got only too well. 

`Anyway....what are you doing about Holly?'

`What can I do?', I asked and Tabatha thought for a moment. 

`Ask the Captain to stop punishing you and only you.'

`She won't. She specifically warned me'

`OK. I'll have a think. I better shoot before I am seen. 

`Sure. Thanks for popping in', I told her.

And that was it. The only sixty seconds of company I had had all night.



Chapter IV: Climbing to the Crows Nest
I awoke at dawn and eagerly got myself ready. I had a good feeling about the day and was raring to go. My muscles were aching slightly after the exertions of yesterday but after a quick stretch in the shower I felt rejuvenated.

The Captain ate her breakfast in silence and I did not feel comfortable bringing up my issue of being the only person who got punished for Holly. Surely, Holly getting punished for Holly would be fair also!

I cleared up the breakfast things and was outside the Navigation Room for Tara and her training by 7am.

Tara was still sleepy and set me the task of going up and down the Crows Nest until told otherwise. I laughed at first, but then saw she was serious and shedded my jacket before climbing the rope ladders to the top. Tara quickly lost interest in watching me and I was glad not to have an audience. It took 15-20 minutes to climb up and down in good weather, but with my attempts to rest on the Upper Deck met with derision from the crew, I took to have a two minute break with Georgina after every climb.

Climbing had never been an issue for me, and right from the start of my career on the ship, climbing the six ladders to the Crows Nest had never been a problem. By the time I was at the top for the eleventh time, my arms were aching painfully. The wind was perilously strong and it was incredibly hard work clinging on as the ladder swung menacingly. 

Tara noticed me as I descended and stopped me from starting a new climb.

`You've read this?', she enquired, holding the rules and regulations book of the navy. It was identical to the book Commander Helen had given me on the previous voyage and I nodded in agreement while I got my breath back.

`Read it again. After lunch, test. Each one wrong, one hit with the whip', she warned me and set me a quiet corner of the ship on the Upper Deck. 

I rested against the edge of ship, looking out into the ship and began reading in the morning Sun. 

The book given to me by Tara was a newer edition than the on Commander Helen had given me, but there was little new information, and I had breezed through the book by lunchtime. 

A quick lunch with the Captain was followed by Tara and myself at the long table in the Navigation Room, and Tara with the book in front of her, ready to reel out questions.

She promised if I got them all right she would strip for dinner again but assured me that wouldn't happen whereas for every question I got wrong, I was to be whipped with the instrument of her choice.&nbsp; 

Tara certainly had a sense of irony and interspersed questions like `With which naval act of law introduces the position of Cabin Boy?' within the usual `How many years in prison can a Captain sentence a member of her crew to?' (the answer was 50).

In total, I got one wrong, of 100, which Tara was delighted with. The minimum number of orgasms for a rape bench punishment to be valid is two, not one. She gleefully taunted me with the fact that she would be keeping her clothes on which caused her warm face to light up.

Just how did I manage to turn down her offer of a date?

She happily retrieved the Cat O' Nine Tails and brought it down hard against my bare bottom on the Upper Deck that caused me to squeal in pain. She told me to take it like a man and flicked the tails across my painful and well-punished backside, giggling as she did before releasing me to find the Captain.

The Captain was shuffling papers at her desk in her cabin. She barely looked up as I knocked on the door and entered. I stood in the doorway waiting for an acknowledgement but none came.

After a couple of minutes of her scribbling on the paper she put them to one side and turned to face me.

`How is your training coming on?', she asked.

`Well....I think'.

`Tara reports good progress', the Captain told me and picked up a battered piece of paper from her desk and scanned it. `Very well in fact'

I tried not to smile, but I didn't manage to suppress it and the Captain saw it.

`Do you know why I chose to punish you instead of Holly?', she asked and looked at me. 

`Because I selected her'

`As my cabin boy, I expect you to be a good judge of character. You are my eyes and ears on this vessel and I need to be able to trust your judgement'

`Yes Captain', I replied almost monotonously. 

`Now take please take this to the Navigation Room and this to the Crows Nest', she said and passed me two pieces of paper. 

The wind had picked up since Tara had me running up and down the ladders. It swung dangerously in the wind, and a couple of times I nearly lost my footing. I wondered that, should I fall, would the Captain would keep my lifeless body tied up so she could still discipline me for Holly's failings or whether I would just have a watery grave.

The Captain was still in her quarters when I returned back half-an-hour later and was filling in her logbook. I didn't notice at first but as she slid it back across the table and got up, I saw that she was wearing her red jacket and nothing else. Barefoot, she walked over to me and pulled me forward by my T-Shirt.

`Get on your back, Cabin Boy', she ordered and pushed me on her bed. Delighted, I shuffled up to get comfortable and then she swung her muscular thighs over my head and brought her heavenly sweet pussy onto my lips.

`Make me happy, Cabin Boy.'. She pushed her pelvis down and her gash opened out. I could see very little but my tongue slid up and down her slit. I was surprised how wet she was and suspected she had been toying with herself while I was nearly killing myself climbing up to the Crows Nest.

My tongue flicked her clitoris and then slid down to her hole poking her entrance. My hands moved up and down her thigh, and then up to her breasts. Her nipples were like engorged and I couldn't resist swirling them around my fingers with my hands resting on her pert bosom. 

For the first time since we left port I felt I was serving my Captain, and she was stimulating all my senses. I could feel her juices dripping down my face, her addictive and musky scent filling my nostrils, her sweet aromatic flavour lingering on my tastebuds, her passionate animalistic mewing echoing round the round and her tight and inviting butthole just inches from my eyes. How I'd love to rim my Captain. Push my tongue deep into her ass, but it was out of reach, and I had to be content with her clitoris.

Her clitoris was poking out of its hood, just right for my tongue to roll over it, flicking it gently but firmly. Every time my tongue hit her nerves she would shudder, her body convulsing as the sensations swept through her body. It was always accompanied by a sigh, a moan, a cry or a squeal of deep satisfaction and expectation of more. 

As she became more horny, I planted my lips either side of her clitoris and began to suck gently. My tongue could still touch her engorged clitoris, but the sensations of it being gently pulled caused her to squeal even louder. Her nipples were by now as tough as diamonds as she began to buck her hips slightly against my face, slowly rocking back and forth as my lips massaged her clit.

`Ahhhhhhh.....Agggghhhhhhhhh......AAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN' she screamed as my tongue-flicking brought her over the edge. She was panting furiously.

I disengaged my lips from her and began to slide my tongue up and down her lubricated slit, gently flicking her clit or poking her hole. She squealed as my tongue touched her hypersensitive clitoris and sighed as it burrowed into her fuck-canal.

Lapping at her entrance, she began to sigh in increasingly higher pitches as her breathing got louder and louder. My tongue movements got quicker and quicker, eager to satisfy her and sensing she was approaching her next orgasm. 

`Eeggghhhhhnnnnn' she cried out and held her breath before exploding in a wail of intense pleasure.

The Captain fell forwards, her body on all fours and a foot from me. I couldn't resist. I let go of her right nipple and began to encircle her clitoris with my thumb. I felt her body twitch and she let out another cry of pleasure. 

Sliding my second and third fingers into her well oiled hole I began to do a come-here motion against the wall. I felt her body tense up immediately but knew from past experience that it was just where her G-Spot should be. 

The Captain was too out of it to notice exactly what I was doing and she began to buck her pelvis against my fingers. She cried out at the end of every deep breath. Her body alive with incredible sensations as my fingers stimulated every nerve in her loins.

`AAAAAA FUCK.......AAAAAAHHHHHH YES........UUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH', she squealed at the top of her voice, her pelvic muscles tightening in a vice like grip against my fingers.

`Ooooohhhh', she sighed, as my fingers and thumb rested against her sensitive equipment. Barely a moment after her orgasm had subsided, I began again, firmly circling her clitoris, and rubbing her G-Spot.

`OHHH NO....OH NO......OH GOD.......OH FUCK.....OH GOD......OH YES.....OH YESSSS----', she cried as her muscles tightened their grip against my fingers and she shuddered. I did not stop this time. I kept going straight through her orgasm. Her body kept convulsing with passionate squeals filling the room.

`AAAHHHHHHHHNNNNNN........AAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHNNNNNNN......AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGNNNNNNNNN----'

Each orgasm hit her harder than the last, her body shaking like an open sail in a thunderstorm, her juices pouring out of her.

`No more.....Oh No', she cried and I freed my hands from her. She stayed comatose for a few moments, her naked glistening slit inches from my face, while her hair resting on my thighs. My hands rubbed her thighs until she had the energy to roll off of me, and sat up facing me.

`You've worn me out', she said smiling at me. 

There was a knock at the door and the Captain instinctively told the visitor to come in.

A grinning Tabatha entered the room and told the Captain that one of the sails had come free and she dashed out of the room, half-naked and barefoot.

`No need to ask what you were doing', Tabatha said looking at my boner.

I sighed. `This indicates what I haven't been doing I said and got up off the bed, to change the bedding and tidy the room.
Chapter V: Holly starts behaving
The sail proved to be a nice distraction for the Captain who seemed at ease ordering her crew around while her juices dripped down her legs and she was half-naked. I brought her some clothes and her boots out to her after tidying the room, which she did put on eventually.

Tabatha gave me an all-knowing look but the amount of noise the Captain makes when orgasming I was sure that the entire ship knew she got herself off. Not that it bothered her, or indeed anyone else. It was after-all expected that a Cabin Boy should satisfy his Captain in every way.

After dinner however, I found myself on the main deck half-naked and being whipped with the riding crop on my bare arse for the third time in two days due to Holly. She had overslept that morning and the Captain had waited until the evening, and postponed the strip poker games to exact punishment.

Fortunately, the crop was passed to Africa and not Holly who was tasked with giving me ten moderately painful swats across my backside.&nbsp; Each hit caused me to yell out but the pain was bearable. Holly was sulking as the Captain had made her give the crop to Africa for my punishment and stood in my direct line of vision as Africa brought the crop down for the final time.

After the punishment, the Captain sent me on an errand to the top of the Crows Nest and then, just as the Sun painted the ocean a violent array of yellows and reds, I was sent to my quarters to contemplate again why I was being punished.

I had two hours to concern myself why this was happening to me. Was my judgement really that wrong with Holly? It must be. My painful arse is testament to the fact that she is simply not mature enough to be here and I secretly hoped that it would be a short trip. Angry and annoyed I fell asleep around eleven with the sounds of a happy, horny female crew playing games outside my room.

I was awoken by a blood-curdling scream in the middle of the night. Slipping my skimpy shorts on and grabbing my cutlass, in record time I stepped into the corridor barefoot and edged along the entrance onto the main deck. Just as I was peering out onto the main deck at some shadowy characters, the Captain stepped out of her quarters and whispered to me.

`What is going on?'

`I don't know, Captain. I was just taking a look ', I replied truthfully and she stepped into the corridor, and with us both in shadow, we peered out.

Holly was clearly naked and tied spreadeagled to the riggings with her mouth being restuffed with some sort of fabric. Four shadowy figures had obtained part of a thick rope and were taking turns lashing her back, arse and pussy with it.

`Cabin Boy.....have you had something to do with this?', she asked me.

`No, Captain. I promise'

`You better not be lying', she warned.&nbsp; Even though she had some sort of gag on, her muted screams travelled in the still air. 

`Shall we stop it, Captain?', I asked as she took in the scene unfurling behind her.

`No', she told me in hushed tones. `Give it a minute'. 

Holly was hit again and she screeched in agony. I kind of felt for her. She was only 16 after all.

I heard Commander Helen poke her head out of the door but the Captain sent her back to bed and went back to watching the torture of Holly.

`Ungag and untie her', one the figures said in a familar voice. It was Tabatha; I was sure!

Two of the figures moved forward and played with her hands and feet, before removing her gag.

`You've made me bleed', an indignant Holly spat at her tormentors.

`We don't care', Tabatha replied. `But we do care about John'

The Captain shot me a look and I felt very subconscious all of a sudden

`Why? He's only a Cabin Boy', Holly replied and Tabatha scoffed.

`He might only be a Cabin Boy what we like him', another voice said, who I believed was Tara.

`So.....'

`Why do you think he gets punished for your fuck-ups?', Tabatha asked.

`Because he is the fucking Cabin Boy. He is nothing', Holly retorted and Tabatha swung the rope into her torso.

Holly doubled up in pain and fell to the floor. Tabatha took a step closer to her and towered over her. 

`The Captain told John to pick two members of crew from the ground staff and he recommended you. There is no way the Captain would have picked you. Or anyone else. But the Cabin Boy did'

`The Commander in Hamilton even told the Captain you would be an awful choice and John stuck with you', Tara added.

`He is punished as it is his fault you are here.' 

`And things can't continue', another voice said. `You can't keep screwing up and expecting John to take the rap'

`It is thanks to him that you are having the chance to be in the Navy. Without him, you wouldn't have it and would be still cleaning ships and unloading cargo'

`OK. Just leave me alone', Holly wailed. 

Tabatha circled the naked girl before speaking again. `If John gets punished again for your actions, you will receive ten strokes for every one John gets the following night.'

`Ten!', Holly exclaimed. The moon was lighting her undeveloped body but was covered in red streaks.

`Ten', Tabatha replied. `That way you have to behave' 

`It is a vigilante court', the Captain whispered to me and I nodded. 

`Isn't that highly illegal?', I whispered back.

`Yes', came the response from the Captain.

Tara muttered a few warnings to the naked Holly and then the gang of vigilantes dispersed down the hatch leaving Holly alone and naked on the main deck. She had no clothes to retrieve and after twenty seconds of panicking, descended down the same steps to return to her shared quarters.

The Captain ushered me into her room.

`Those four took a huge risk out there today, and would have had to bribe half of the night watch. For you'

`Yes Captain'

`And I know who they were.', she said thoughtfully. `Tara. Georgina. Africa and Tabatha. I should punish them y'know', she muttered to me. `I really should. Holly needed sorting out and to get such loyalty from my crew is fantastic. They must really like you to risk their naval careers'

`I would like to receive any punishments that you choose to dish out to them.', I told her sternly. I couldn't let Tara throw away her career for me, could I?

The Captain smirked and shook her head. `I would have thought you would have had enough of taking the punishments for other people's actions. No. From now on, the person who committed the crime, gets the whip.'

I smiled at this. Justice at last. 

`Mind you, what they did out there tonight was vicious. I'm going to sleep on it'

`Can I put you in a better mood while you think about it?', I asked cheekily and the Captain laughed at me.

`No.....I'm tired. But you can tuck me back in before you go'.

`Certainly'

`And not a word about this to anyone....you hear?', she told me as I pulled the blankets over her.

`Of course Captain'

Chapter VI: Games
Holly seemed to avoid eye contact with me all day, which suited me fine. I think she must have thought that I had arranged her being woken from her bed, stripped, whipped and then abandoned, but I knew nothing about it. The Captain accepted that morning when she asked me again about the scenes we had witnessed the night before, that I was genuinely not involved, and was earning some sort of respect with her crew. She seemed happy at this, but was still not happy with the actions of the Gang of Four from the night before but was troubled about what action to take.

`What would you do?', she asked me over breakfast.

`Ummmmmm.......well. I would...um...deem it to be the wrong thing for the right reasons'

`That doesn't answer the question', she replied coldly.

`I would.....perhaps.....um.....speak to them and tell them that it wasn't a great idea to beat Holly but you appreciate their....um....motives'

Unmoved by my answer, the Captain ensured that I was not training and sent me a series of spurious errands interspersed with a number of tasks in the Armoury. I had already decided that I was not going to let Tara know that I knew about her band of vigilantes but the Captain was making sure I was not tempted to do so. 

From the end of the ship I saw Tara, Georgina, Tabatha and Africa troop into the Captain's Quarters and my heart leapt. Surely they were not getting punished? Fixing the rope in double quick time, I ran across the deck, and half-ignored the shouts of Commander Paula to `slow down' and burst into my room loudly. I was next door to the Captain and strained my ears against the wall to hear what was being said.

There was certainly some laughter from next door but I also heard the Captain in her stern, serious voice before the door was opened and I heard the room empty. 

The Captain was in my quarters inside two seconds and demanded to know why I wasn't working. My T-Shirt was dirty from the work earlier and changing it for a clean one was a plausible enough reason that even though she guessed I was lying and had been trying to listen in on her conversation, she couldn't be sure either way, so she watched me change my shirt and then leave the room. 

I was training with Tara again but neither Tara nor I spoke about the meeting a few moments earlier or the night before and so I still had no real idea what was said. I was getting better with the rubber-tipped swords Tara had, and beat her several times, although her offer of stripping was, unfortunately, no longer valid. 

The evening was warm and inviting. Tara said she would be in the Crows Nest and I half-contemplated shinning up the rope to join her, but Tabatha challenged me to a fight later, and with the vast majority of the crew surrounding the red mat on the main deck, Tabatha and I discarded our jackets and footwear and faced each other.

The ringmaster started proceedings and we immediately fell against one another and onto the mat.

`YOU WON'T BEAT ME AGAIN', screamed Tabatha as she manoeuvred her way on top of me. I fought against her strong muscular arms that were pinning me to the ground. I waved my legs around and using my thighs managed to unseat her so that she slid off of me. I had barely time to recover when she was trying to get on top of me again but I rolled out of her pounce and scrambled to my feet at the end of the mat to face her again.

This went on for some minutes, and my stamina was beginning to let me down. I could feel my body getting lethargic and slower with every passing second.

Tabatha looked straight into my eyes as she sized me up across the mat again. As she came towards me, I stepped into her challenge and then dodged her, catching her legs as I did. 

Unceremoniously, Tabatha was spread out across the mat, and stunned. With no hesitation, I grabbed the back of her undergarments and yanked them down her legs causing her to cry out in pain.

There was a cheer as Tabatha was denied her black thong, which died down as the Captain spoke from the end of the assembled mass. I hadn't seen her earlier but had come to watch the fight along with all three Commanders that flanked her.

`Nice technique Cabin Boy. As a reward, fuck her hard and fill her up'. This statement was met with another cheer from the crowd. Tabatha had sat up, with her black thong still around her ankles. 

`And no foreplay! Take her now. She'll be ready', added the Captain. 

My cock was inflating rapidly. Here was Tabatha, a gorgeous pirate who I was being allowed to fuck and who looked round to see me with expectation in her eyes.

With no encouragement needed, I pulled down my skimpy shorts and tossed them at the nearest pirate. There was a load of wolf whistles as my erect cock was freed. Tabatha was ready to accept my rod and was now kneeling on all fours. 

I knelt down, positioned my cock with her opening and let Tabatha guide it in. She let out a small mew as it slid into the hilt, my thighs pressed up against her buttocks.

It felt that I waited for ages to screw her. Ever since I met her on that first day, I wanted to get inside her knickers.

I rocked back and then thrusted my cock deep inside her. And again. Not a fast rhythm....just strong, glorious thrusts into her well-lubricated hole that gleefully accepted what was providing her.

She squealed again and again, every time that I rammed my spear into her.

Although I could hear abuse and encouragement being shouted at us from the crowd, I was oblivious to what was being said as I immersed myself into the fantastic tingling that was emanating from my loins. I became suddenly aware of my surroundings as I noticed the Captain kneel down next to me. 

`Come on Cabin Boy', she shouted, and slapped my arse hard with her hand as I thrusted into Tabatha. The feeling was sensationally intense....pleasure reverberating around my body. I immediately rammed my cock deep into her again, and the Captain slapped my arse again. 

Tabatha was nearing her orgasm, and was moaning loudly as I speared into her soft opening.

`FUCK THE SLUT HARD', the Captain yelled at me as I smashed my thighs into her rear as hard as I could.

Tabatha screeched in delight, and the Captain turned her attention to Tabatha. Freeing her glorious tits from the top so they began bouncing as I rammed my cock into her. 

`Are you going to cum at the filthy dick of my cabin boy?', the Captain asked her.

`FUCK YEAH......', yelled Tabatha as I pushed deeply into her again.

I could feel my own climax building and clenched my buttocks but Tabatha was already there. 

Screaming into the dark, cold night she released her sexual tension and moaned in ecstasy. The clamping on my cock was enough for me, and with one last, glorious thrust into her, I flooded her insides with several spurts of thick cum. Slowing down I rested my sweaty body against her sweaty back.

`You are a disgusting filthy fucker.......loving being taken in front of the entire crew', the Captain told Tabatha her mouth curling at the exhausted girl and standing over her. I withdrew my deflating cock from her and looked up at my Captain. `Now clean the Cabin Boy. I will not have him dripping cum all over my ship'

There was a roar of laughter as Tabatha gleefully used her tongue to wipe my cum off my cock sending aftershocks as her mouth darted along my sensitive shaft and across the head.

The Captain picked up our clothes and told us to do without for the rest of the evening and retired to her quarters while both Tabatha and I got cleaned up in the showers and then eagerly shared the extra Ginger Rum I was entitled to.

Over the Rum, I asked Tabatha about her chat with the Captain earlier and she shook her head. 

`The Captain told us not to tell you', Tabatha told me, her face grinning.

`What?!'

`The Captain told us not to tell you what was said. She knew you would ask one of us'

`Why?'

`Why I can't tell you. You would have to ask her that'

`Hmmm....you weren't punished were you?', I asked her and she shook her head.

`No. Not really. We got off extremely lightly. But that's all I'll say', she told me firmly and I resigned myself to her silence on the matter.

The Captain was impressed with my victory over Tabatha and complimented me over my victory the following morning during breakfast. I was a tad relieved that she was amused rather than annoyed or upset at Tabatha for being so willing a partner and enjoying her `punishment' after the game. I didn't always know when to take her seriously and when not to, and often erred on the side of caution.

I didn't dare bring up the matter of the vigilantes and hoped she was mention it, but didn't. I reasoned that the next time I have to fill in an entry in the Punishment Log I could sneak a glimpse at what was written previously but that would involve waiting until someone was punished for an infringement. 

That day was spent mostly following the Captain. She did an inspection and found little to complain about, and I did my pubic hair check on several girls, including Holly, and found no problems. The Captain randomly picked three girls over dinner and they were all hairless. I did suggest flippantly to the Captain that if she wanted to be sure none of the girls were sporting any pubic hair, she should declare a day bottomless and demand all the girls do not wear their thong. Then she could do 42 inspections in one day just by walking round. She said she would give it serious thought!

After dinner, there were a number of games going on, and I was sought out by Tara and Georgina who were looking to get a game of strip poker together and wanted me to join in, and more to the point, use my cabin. Both of which were fine by me and we managed to meet Holly on the stairs. 

Holly had been a lot quieter in the last couple of days and her change in demeanour and attitude was noticeable. In fact, she had hardly put a foot wrong and simply went about her duties without upsetting anyone. She had even apologised to me before dinner for her behaviour earlier in the trip and was dragged into my quarters to play poker.

Holly then admitted she couldn't play poker, and so Georgina proposed we alter the game to Truth or Dare with Tara going first and asking Holly if she wanted a truth or dare?

`Truth'

`Describe the first time you fucked?'

Holly narrowed her eyes, and then spoke. `I was twelve and had been dating a local lad for a few weeks. He was a good two years older and had a bet on with his mates, who would be the first to fuck. I said he could if I saw half the proceeds and we did, with his mates hidden in a cupboard. And I've been at it ever since!'

There was a little laughter at her as Holly's eyes scanned the room.

`John....Truth or Dare?'

`Truth' 

`Describe your first fuck'

I recounted the my first evening with Wendy all those years ago in immaculate detail with Tara taking an unnatural interest in what I was saying. It felt weird describing it to Tara, almost as though I didn't want her to know, which was just irrational.

`Tara, truth or dare?'

`Truth'

`Who was your first lesbian lover?'

Tara looked shocked and then asked how I knew if she had had a lesbian lover. My response of the fact she had gone to naval college drew ire from all three of my competitors but then Georgina told Tara to own up which she did. Turns out, that Tara had had quite a few lesbian lovers but her first was when she was in school in Hamilton and frequently used to get touched up in the showers after sport and had dated a girl called Gabby for six months before they split up.

Holly then asked Tara for a truth, who asked about her sex toys, and then Georgina asked Holly for a truth, who asked about her sex toys. Both of the girls had an impressive selection.

Then it was my turn and I felt brave and asked for a dare.

`I dare you to streak naked on the ship', Georgina said.

`Pardon?'

`A streaker. No clothes, except your shoes. You have to goto the Upper Deck, Main Deck, Galley and Armoury and back'

`I'll get murdered if the Captain catches me'

`Then don't get caught then', Holly added. 

`OK', I replied, taking off&nbsp; my shirt and kicking off my shorts, freeing my milky white body. The girls smirked at me and I poked my head around the door to see if the coast was clear but got pushed out of the door in front of Sadie and Moira, who laughed at me.

`Fuck!', I called out and pegged it down the corridor onto the main deck and up onto the Upper Deck.

`Streaker!', yelled Angela, the new girl in Navigation who was on the Upper Deck. A few heads turned and I leapt down the stairs and onto the main deck. Africa and Tabatha who were both playing cards on the main deck stood up as I went through and I felt a sharp stinging slap on my arse as I jumped over their game.

`I got him', called out Africa. Without pausing for breath I flung myself down the hatch and down two flights of stairs before running back along the length of the ship and through Sigma's quarters. A number of the girls were playing a game of some kind and I had to dodge them.

`What the.....', cried one of them and Catriona stood up to block my path. I sidestepped her easily dodging her attempted block.

I hoped the Captain had left the Galley but was sat at her table drinking wine with a couple of the commanders when I arrived.

`I see Tara's training has ended in a punishment', she cried out as I turned on my tails. I left the sniggering behind and dropped down to the Armoury and then back to my room.

The girls were waiting outside my room for me to arrive, breathless and collapse on my bed. 

`Captain see you?', Tara asked her eyes lit up.

`Yes.....but she thinks it is a punishment from my training that you set'. Tara giggled as I put my shorts back on and then asked Holly `truth or dare?'

`Truth'

`Coward' I told her.

Holly smiled at me and waited.

`How often do you wank yourself off?'

Holly giggled a bit and then answered quietly as though there was someone listening in, `Every day'

`When?', asked Tara instinctively and Holly looked at me. `Is that part of the question?'

I shrugged my shoulders and Holly replied after she shaved herself in the showers.

`So...Tara, Truth or Dare?'

`Truth'

`How many men have you fucked?'

Tara looked at me and almost looked apologetic when she answered, `Over 100. Easily.'

`Georgina, Truth or Dare?'

`Dare' 

Tara thought for a moment. `Take off your shorts, go down to our quarters and find your favourite dildo. The wooden one with black handle and put it in your pussy before coming back up here. Jacket undone.'

Georgina's eyes were wide open and we stared at her.

`Evil fucker', she cried and got up from the bed, tossing her shorts at Tara. Georgina was gone for about three minutes when we saw her coming up the stairs. Her face was bright red, her checks flushed and clearly bottomless. You could hardly see anything between her legs but as she entered the room but her erect nipples made it clear she was being well stimulated.

`OK...John...Truth or Dare?'

`Dare', I replied and Georgina thought for a moment.

`Before you do that, I need to pee. Won't be a minute'

`Stop', cried Georgina.`John....your dare is to drink Holly's piss'

`Eeee-ooooooooo', cried Holly but I smiled at her. Virgina and I had experimented with watersports years before, and while it wasn't a pleasant experience I wasn't going to lose a Truth or Dare game to it.

`OK', I told her and took off my shirt.

`Why are you stripping?', Holly asked after she had removed her shorts.

`Because if I spill some I don't want to get it on my shirt', I pulled out an old blanket that needed washing and laid it on the floor before laying on to it.

`Hurry.....I am busting', Holly told me, and I guided her onto my face.

`Gently', I told her and then opened my mouth, clamping my lips half way down her slit between her clitoris and her lovehole.

I felt Holly relax her muscles and her body rose upwards a tad before warm, salty liquid began to fill my mouth. Knowing that this would spill if I didn't empty, I swallowed the vile nectar as she increased the speed of her peeing. 

`His getting another hard-on', cried Holly as I swallowed for a second, a third and then a fourth time. I was getting a hard-on &#8211; you couldn't not do so &#8211; a 16-year-olds pussy was on my face &#8211; what did she expect?

Holly's liquid waste warmed my stomach as I travelled down my throat &#8211; like a warm drink on a hot night. My nose and eyes were burning with the acrid acidity she was expelling into my mouth and my gag reflex just wanted to stop drinking.

Eventually Holly slowed and shook her body slightly to loosen any drops before getting up.

`Cabin Boy'. I heard the Captain's voice from the doorway and looked over to see her standing there.

`What is the meaning of this?', she asked.

I wiped the last of Holly's piss from my mouth and then spoke. `Truth or Dare, Captain. I had to drink Holly's piss' 

Her eyes narrowed as she surveyed the room. 

`You are under strict instructions not to touch any girl on this ship between the belly button and the knees, but if you want to be a piss-drinker, I will arrange for you to drink the piss of every girl on the ship'

My heart fell, I did not enjoy drinking Holly's waste and the thought of drinking the piss of 41 women on the ship filled me with dread. `No Captain. I don't want to be a piss drinker'

`Who set the dare?'.

`I did', Georgina admitted.

`Tara, please go into my quarters and select a punishment implement of your choice'. Tara returned with a stout paddle, about six inches in length, and four inches long, after which Tara was dismissed. 

Georgina received five swats on her bare bottom for encouraging me to break my orders from the Captain. Holly received ten for allowing me to touch her genitals with my mouth and was in tears by the end of it. She dismissed them and then looked at me.

Already topless from when I was drinking Holly's piss, I kicked off my shorts as the girls left the room, waiting for my punishment.

`Your were given orders, and you disobeyed me', the Captain reiterated, `but I will knock off five swats for the fact that you just drank Holly's piss as that's disgusting. You will get five'

The Captain didn't swat me hard as I put my hands on the cold wooden wall to my quarters but the paddle stung as it bounced off my flesh.

`You are a disgusting, filthy little pervert, John', she told me as the paddle hit my rump for the fifth time. `Did you enjoy drinking Holly's piss?'

`No', I replied truthfully and she smirked. `Don't let me catch you with your lips on another girls snatch again'

`No Captain. Do you want me to write this up in the Punishment Log?'

`Yes.....and take that back', she told me holding out the paddle. `Oh and John....don't bother trying to read the previous page. It is locked away in my log book'

It took a second for me to comprehend and then I realised.

`Yes Captain'

The devious little witch. 
Chapter VII: The haul
The Captain was happy to see me in the morning with my breakfast tray and accepted my humble apology for disobeying her. She gleefully teased me about it (and the drinking of Holly's piss) before checking the nightly reports and having her morning shower. By the time the Captain had completed her inspection, including a random pubic hair examination (of which all the girls that she checked passed), the Sun had disappeared and was hidden by dark thunderclouds. A few of the pirates eyed the skies nervously as the clouds came overhead and as the first drops of rain bounced off the wooden floor of the main deck, the Captain and Commanders strode to the entrance the corridor to seek shelter.

The vast majority of the girls sought cover immediately but as I sauntered through the cool rain saw Georgina starting to climb up the ladder to the Crows Nest. The Captain, who was sorting through her papers was happy for me to document the results of her inspection earlier. She spoke little but any conversation was made in raised voices, what with the sound of the rain thundering against the walls of the cabin.

I also tidied her cabin, sorted her clothes out, retrieved her clean uniforms and brought up a tankard of clean drinking water and lunch, before she tired of my presence and sent me out to help on the main deck to find Tara.

The rain had stopped briefly, but the clouds in the sky were dark and overcast, and it was only a matter of time before they started again. The main deck was perilously slippy but it was the sight of several drenched pirates that caught my attention. The clothing&nbsp; already well fitted, was skin tight and the top completely see-through :- just like they had all taken part in a wet T-Shirt contest!

I was disappointed to see Tara, who was busy in the Navigation Room, had not been caught in the storm, but was cheered up when instead of continuing my `training', agreed that it was lunchtime and we got a bite to eat.

After lunch, I ran errands for just about everyone, from retrieving drinks for the crew on the main deck to helping pull in one of the sails and giving messages to everyone. I even had to clean out the toilets on deck &#8211; a job that was not as bad as I first thought it would be. The sea air dissipated any smells and they had been thoroughly cleaned by Holly when in port only a few days previous. 

I was a little disappointed when the Commander ordered me to bring the girls on deck a fresh change of clothing after another downpour, but did enjoy the sight of them changing. My ogling nearly earned me a whipping from Commander Helen but Tabatha and her crewmates didn't object in the slightest.

As the afternoon dragged on, the sky turned darker, and fog began to appear. Visibility on the main deck was poor and there could have been a cargo ship laden with priceless artefacts no more than fifty feet away and I am not convinced we would have seen it. 

I had barely finished my dinner when Lieutenant Anne asked me to take a parcel of food to Georgina at the top of the Crows Nest. The bad weather in the morning had meant that Georgina had been ordered not to come down until explicitly told to do so, which I was doing. She was to come down at sunset. 

Climbing the ladders in the fog was surprisingly easy, with it cooling my sweaty body as I climbed and at short distances not interfering with my vision in the slightest. The Crows Nest, a faded dot on the Upper Deck was soon in focus and I was clambering up the last ladder and towards the trapdoor in the floor. 

`Evening', I said to Georgina as I came up and made her jump. It never ceased to surprise me how easy it was to make the navigator in the Crows Nest jump whenever I joined them in the basket, and Georgina swore at me as I climbed alongside her.

Her annoyance at me soon disappeared as I took food out of my backpack and passed them to her. She joined me on the floor of the Crows Nest and eagerly took the pie, chips and beer from my hands and began devouring them.

`Seen much', I asked her.

Georgina shook her head, swallowed half of a particularly big piece of pie, and then spoke, her mouth still full of food. `Fluck Kall'

`Fog, eh?'

Georgina nodded and I peered over the edge of the basket, not wanting to continue with what would be a highly one-sided conversation while she was eating. I could barely make out the deck on the ship, but could see the ocean a mile or two away. 

`Heh Georgina. Why can't I see the ship deck but can see the water over there' 

Georgina shook her head and swallowed her last bit of food. `It's all to do with the fog', she told me, that indicated that she didn't really know herself.

I went back to watching the ocean. I could see fog in every direction but as I peered into the translucent mist, I spotted a speck on the horizon. 

`Have you got the binoculars?', I asked and Georgina passed them up to me while she was happily swigging the beer I had brought her. 

`What can you see?', she asked me as I peered at the speck I had seen, which through the binoculars just looked like a bigger speck. I stared at it for a moment hoping my eyes would make out some sort of shape.

`Is that a ship?', I asked her eventually as I couldn't make out what it was.

Georgina scrambled to her feet and took the binoculars from me. 

`Over there', I told her, pointing to my right.

`It's a cargo ship. And its only a mile away......quick lets tell the Captain'

`I was told to let you know to stay there until sunset'

`Shut up and MOVE', she said, dismissing me and pushing me out of the way.

I followed her down the ladder and reached the Upper Deck just a minute after her. The Captain, Commander Helen, Tara, Georgina and Lieutenant Anne was all peering out to sea on starboard side of the Upper Deck.

`It's definitely there', I heard Georgina say. `John spotted it and I checked'

`Right. Georgina and John....back to the Crows Nest. I want updates every hour. We will strike at sunset so lets try and stay a little out of sight. Use the bell or John if you need to get a message to us........Commander, I want every one of our crew resting and ready to strike. Evening's entertainment is cancelled......Tara and Anne, I need you to steer the boat. Any problems go to me. Immediately. Understood?'

`Yes Captain', came the response from all four of her crew. The Captain spotted me at the base of the ladder and came over to me with Georgina.

`Nice work, Cabin Boy. You seem to be a bit of a lucky charm in the Crows Nest' 

`Thank you Captain', I replied, and less than one minute after I finished descending the ladder, I was climbing back up it.

I was at the top in no time and saw the speck easily. I had moved a bit closer and Georgina reckoned we would need to alter course slightly. Using a bell that was hanging over the side of the basket she rang it four times with varying gaps in between and then repeated this three times. 

`What were you doing?'

`Ssssshhhhh', she told me and strained her ears on the wind.

Then, as clear as day, came back the same pattern.

`They've got it', she told me, and went back to watching the speck.

I never had had much to do with Georgina and she looked like an older version of Tara, but she was completely different. Tara and Rhona were very career-focused whereas Georgina was far more laid-back and began chatting eagerly about herself. Like Tabatha, Georgina was very much a chatterbox, and spoke at length about her life. I felt weird with her discussing her `conquests' but found out that she was saving hard so that she could buy a pub in her home town of Cadder. 

She also attended the same school as me, and was only in the year above me until she left the town aged 12. One of her friends was my sister and had she stayed in the town it could have been Georgina instead of Wendy that had introduced me to the world of the female form.

Georgina rang the bell periodically in between our conversations as the vessel drifted away from the cargo ship.

She also took the opportunity to quiz me about my opinion of Tara. It felt uneasy explaining my angst about entering, or at least trying to, a relationship with Tara, with her given the negative effect it could have on her career, but Georgina confided that had never seen her little sister so excited about a guy before. I still didn't know what she saw in me though. 

`Because every guy she has ever been with doesn't understand the Navy or what goes on here. They don't like the weeks away on end, the infidelity, the whole lifestyle. And then you come along. You're nice to her. You get on with her. And you can come packaged up with the Navy and understand what it is like. You are her ideal bloke but then you turn her down'

I fidgeted anxiously and then awkwardly changed the subject. I didn't need another lecture on why I was a cock for turning down a date with her. I tried to get a more information about her punishment from the Captain for sorting out Holly but she wouldn't tell me anything. 

The Captain has warned them that if I ever find out what was said, she would report the vigilante thrashing to the Admiralty and let them take it up properly so I was warned to drop it and not ask Tara. Grudgingly I accepted that I would probably never know. 

Before long the Sun was setting and I was climbing down the ladder with Georgina. The fog was still heavy, but the ship was clearly in focus now and the ship would be along side it in no time. As we hit the Upper Deck we saw everyone take up their positions on the main deck, awaiting the signal to pounce. Georgina gave the Captain a thumbs up and I asked the Captain if I could have a cutlass. With little hesitation, she produced a spare one from her belt and told me to keep close to Tara.

Tara was crouching down on the Upper Deck and I joined her.

`You OK?', she asked me as I crouched down. My heart was beating furiously in excitement.

`I'm good', I replied and she smirked.&nbsp; `I have done this before you know' 

It took around half-an-hour for the ship to draw alongside our vessel. The Captain, Anne and Georgina were manoeuvring the giant ship and as it came adjacent to the pirate ship, three pirates jumped down armed with ropes to tie the vessels together.

This ship was considerably higher than the previous encounter we had, and we only had to jump down half a foot to reach the cargo ships main deck. With almost no noise, a couple of dozen pirates jumped silently onto cargo ship and began cutting the sails down. 

`OOOOIIIIIIIIHHHHH', screamed a loud voice from one end of the cargo ship as I hit the deck. `WE'VE GOT PIRATESSSSSSSSSSS'

`Oh shit!', cried the Captain who was only a few feet ahead of us. Tabatha and Bridget strode forward and smacked the seaman squarely in the mouth but it was too late. Within a few seconds the deck was filling up with the crew of the cargo ship.&nbsp; Tabatha hit a young seaman on the nose and knocked him out almost instantly while Holly slashed an armed member of the crew across his arm. It took only a few moments for the rest of the crew to surrender and the Captain breathed an audible sigh of relief. 

`Bring them into their quarters and lock them up', the Captain bellowed. 

A few minutes later there was just a couple of the merchant crew on the main deck left who were refusing to move. The Captain strode over to them shouting at the top of her voice.

`GET DOWN THERE OR I WILL CUT YOU OPEN MYSELF', the Captain yelled. In a flash, both men drew thick, long swords and one of them took a swipe at the Captain.

I had barely time to have got my cutlass in my hand when I saw Tara yank the Captain out of the way of the slashing sword. The Captain yelped and my cutlass in my right hand I plunged it deep into the stomach of the attacker.

He dropped his magnificent sword and fell to the ground. Tabatha had done the same to the other member of the merchant crew and I saw Commander Catherine and Amanda bleeding. 

`Help me!', I heard a cry from behind me. Tara was kneeling down beside the Captain who had turned the left hand side of her white shirt red with blood. `Get me some bandages' 

Sandra passed me one of three green bags she was carrying as she rushed towards Amanda and Catherine, who both looked seriously hurt.

I opened the drawstring and knelt down in front of the Captain.

`I'm fine', replied the Captain. `Just a little flesh wound'

`Bloody isn't', I told her as Tara peeled back the white T-Shirt on her body to reveal a three inch gash.

`I am still your Captain', she said firmly.&nbsp; `I am fine. We have booty to unload'. She tried to push me out of the way and I pushed her back down.

`If you don't let us bandage this, you won't be anyone's Captain, so please stop moving until we've finished.', I told her and she screwed her eyes up at me. I had a distinct feeling that I would be made to pay for that outburst.

The gash inflicted upon her wasn't that deep and it didn't take us long to bandage the Captain up and stem the bleeding but Catherine and Amanda had suffered serious injuries. Sandra and Sarah had taken both of them back to the pirate ship to treat, while Tabatha and Bridget had hurled the bodies of the attackers into the ocean. Two huge pools of blood were seeping into the wooden deck but the Captain ordered the boxes of cargo stored in the hold to be unloaded and we began the task of moving over four hundred tea chests that took two people a piece to move, onto our vessel. There was so many that some had to be stored in one of the two cells in the armoury as the cargo hold was soon full and well stocked. 

We were ready to leave and escorting Commander Helen, she did one last sweep of the cargo ship, ordering the pirates off. Tabatha signalled that all of the pirates who left the ship were now back on it and we got ready to climb.

`Don't you want that sword?', the Commander asked me as we were getting ready to disembark the cargo ship. She pointed towards the weapon the attacker had used to injure the Captain and I doubled back to retrieve it from underneath the rigging. An ornate handle with two crests on it decorated the two foot sword.

By the time I was on the ship, Tabatha had cut the ropes, and the pirate ship was drifting back across the waves.

The Captain was on the deck and I was relieved to see her looking healthy. There was a solemn atmosphere and as the crew gathered round the Captain, I feared for the worse with Commander Catherine or Amanda.

It turned out the Amanda wasn't that badly hurt at all&nbsp; but Commander Catherine had taken an almost direct hit from the sword and had lost quite a bit of blood. Lieutenant Iona, who had helped Sandra and Sarah was sure she would live, but would need some recovery time on shore.

The mood of the crew lightened considerably and Holly opened the last remaining tea chest on the main deck. Peering into it, she burst out laughing before holding up a huge dildo. In fact, the entire crate was full of sexy lingerie and vicious looking sex toys. It took three tankards of beer each, before the crew were ready to go to bed and even then it was in high spirits. The good news about their comrades, combined with the sleazy haul had certainly improved the mood on the vessel.

With trepidation I knocked on the door of the Captain and was ordered in. She was sat at her desk as I entered and turned to face me.

`Captain. I would like to apologise for my outburst on the cargo ship earlier, but hope you will treat it as a sign of my genuine concern at your welfare and not insolence or disloyalty', I said sincerely but with my hands shaking. 

`I will treat it as insolence.....as that is what it was.....but will accept your reasons for doing so'

`Thank you Captain.'

`That does not mean you will not be punished for it'

`Yes Captain.&nbsp; May I be permitted to ask how you are?'

`I am fine', the Captain replied, slightly exasperated. `Honestly.'

`Captain....I was wondering if Amanda would benefit from sleeping in my quarters tonight, as it would help her rest' 

The Captain looked at me and smirked.

`Yes I think she would. Go and tell the Commander to have her moved'

`And Captain, may be allowed to sleep on the floor of your room tonight. In case you need anything'

`You may. But don't think you are getting any sex. I am too sore'

`Of course not Captain', I replied and left.

Amanda was delighted to be having her own cabin and I helped her up the steps to it, having extracted a clean uniform for the following day before rejoining the Captain in her room.

She had already climbed into bed when I arrived, and was ready to set myself up on the floor with a spare blanket when the Captain beckoned me into her bed. 

`Remember.......no sex......I'm still sore'

`Yes Captain', I told her as I snuggled up beside her ensuring I did not touch her bandaged wound. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



Chapter VIII: Getting lost
I woke up at dawn and got ready without disturbing the Captain. I was concerned at first by her complete lack of movement but her breathing indicated that she was fine and so I sought out the toilet, then a shower, then breakfast. 

The Captain stirred as I came into the room carrying two trays laden with food.

`Before you ask, I am fine', she told me as she swung her legs out of her bed. The Captain was a little exasperated with me trying hard to look after her, and when I offered to help wash her in the shower she screamed that I was a `cabin boy and not a fucking nurse'. After being threatened with the whip I was sent to the Navigation Room.

The Captain appeared a few minutes later and told me to minute the meeting, but afterwards Commander Helen persuaded her to rest on the Upper Deck with a chair from the Navigation Room and take it easy, which the Captain reluctantly agreed to.

I went to check on Amanda, who was still in my quarters and examined the slash of the sword she had taken. It was in her thighs and was quite deep which meant she had trouble walking. Sarah saw me in my own quarters and kicked me out, telling me that I had forfeited them and not to disturb Amanda again.

The Captain eagerly watched Tara and I fighting with the rubber-tipped swords on the main deck and after I lost a few duels on the trot, threatened to come down and fight me herself. 

The effect of the Captain watching the crew was measurable, with a lot more activity being done and everyone appearing to be much busier. The Sun was out, but kept being hidden by clouds overhead that cast dark shadows over the ship, but it was cool enough to do physical exercise in without feeling too hot.

The first drops of rain hit the deck during our lunch period, and by the time Tara and I re-emerged from inside, the main deck was completely soaked and the girls were frantically trying to bring in one of the sails that was flapping dangerously in the strong wind.

It took twenty of us to bring the sails in and I was totally drenched by the time I was finished. Strong winds made my clothes feel like ice and blew me around the deck as I tried to walk. 

`Get inside', yelled the Commander and I ran to the Navigation Room, guessing that is where I would find the Captain. 

Tara scowled at me as I traipsed inside, dripping water onto their clean floor. The Captain was sat at the table and smiled at me as I came in.

`John, get a towel', she yelled across the room at me and Georgina passed me one from a little stack in the corner of the room. The faded navy garment opened out into a huge beach towel that easily dried my hair and absorbed the worst of the water from my clothes. I gazed out of the window at the dark grey clouds lashing water down onto the roof of the room I was in and couldn't help admire the full force of the storm. 

I was sent on a number of errands that afternoon, through the powerful storm and to the Commander who was in the main body of the ship. The crew had mostly changed and everyone was undercover except myself, Angela in the Crows Nest and Tara who was steering the ship on the Upper Deck. 

The rain was coming down harder and stronger than before and was bouncing off the wooden decks but I still couldn't resist stopping and marvelling it. It seemed so magnificent and powerful, and I knew that we were just pawns, bouncing up and down off the huge waves.

Tara yelled at me to `GET INSIDE' as I sauntered up the steps to the Upper Deck before she joined us in the Navigation Room.

`Locked on, still heading in the same direction, but we can't see the Sun so we will have no idea where we are going', Tara warned Anne when she came in.

Lieutenant Anne looked at the charts. 

`We are OK unless we head due South as there are rocks there.

`The wind is pulling us in that direction, I've locked the rudder on to go away from them'

`As long as we stay out of the St Willems Reef will be fine', Anne told her and Tara left the room.

`Cabin Boy.....dry yourself', the Captain told me and I took my old towel that was still damp and removed most of the excess water. 

`What are the chances that we will hit the reef?', the Captain asked Lieutenant Anne.

`Low, but possible. We were fifty miles away this morning but we are being pulled due South. If we steer around them then thats fine, but if we hit them then we'll rip our boat in two. 

`Cabin Boy......tell the Commander to get someone with you ready to do ship repairs in the hold'

`Yes Captain', I said and then ventured back out into the rain.

Less than half an hour later, Tabatha and I were armed with several pieces of wood, an array of hammers, nails and some sealant, sat on top of a four feet of ballast. Access to the ballast tank, that ran the length of the ship was from a small trap door and ladder in the armoury.

We could hear the water smashing against the ship but see very little, with just two little candles for light. 

`I see you didn't show me this when we did the tour', I joked with Tabatha.

`I forgot. Anyway it is a restricted area'

Africa and Commander Helen kept checking we were OK and that we had not seen a leak. Given that were in almost complete darkness I was not convinced I would see it, but crawled up and down the length of the ship to check and periodic intervals anyhow. For the first time since the storm broke, I felt vulnerable. We could very well hit the rocks and Tabatha and I would be surrounded by water. The lives of my comrades could very well be in my hands and that too was scary. What was the Captain thinking?

Tabatha and I barely spoke as we waited. The ship was tossing and turning at an alarming rate, and I had Tabatha nearly fall on me on a few times as moved around the ballast. The trapdoor was held open by a catch and the light from the armoury illuminated the centre of the ballast tank, but the rest of it was in complete darkness.

Then I heard it. Both of us did. A creaking, splitting sound followed by a jolt. 

`Fuck!', screamed Tabatha and we both looked into the darkness.&nbsp; I scrambled to the side of the ship with my candle, and felt cold water against my hand.

`There is a hole, bring me the gear, and better light', I yelled at Tabatha.

The Commander appeared at the hatch entrance and Tabatha relayed what I had said. My light showed that the wood had been ripped apart and there was a three foot by two foot hole just above the ballast line. Water was pouring in around my knees and was freezing, but was almost oblivious to this.

`Come on', I shouted at Tabatha who appeared with three pieces of wood and some nails. I had already taken my hammer out of my waistband when I heard the bang and with Tabatha holding the wood against the hole began to hammer half a dozen nails in. 

We repeated this on a second piece of wood just below the first and the water was only trickling around the top of the first piece. 

Tabatha got the third piece of wood she had brought, and held that up as I nailed that in, before we covered the joins in sealant. Tabatha crawled round the rest of the ship and dug the ballast into the centre of the tank around where we did the repair, but could find no other holes in the boat. 

The Commander appeared and asked for an update.

`Finished', I yelled and she looked relieved. 

Tabatha and I spent another three hours in ballast tanks before being given the all-clear. The Captain wanted them checked on an hourly basis from now on, but the storms were over and the ship was floating back on the ocean.

Tabatha and I were cold and wet. The water that had flooded into the tank had settled on top of most of the ballast and as such we had spent three hours sat in cold, dirty sea water. 

Commander Paula ordered Tabatha and I to have a shower and get changed into new clothes which we did. The water was still cold but it did make Tabatha's nipples stick out invitingly and I did manage to cop a quick feel.

The Captain was in the Navigation Room and we entered tentatively. The winds and rains had almost stopped and all what was left was a peace and serenity on the ocean, lit up by bright moonlight. 

`What break have we got?', asked the Captain when we entered, which Tabatha explained. The Captain turned her attention back towards Tara and the chart. 

`The St Willems islands are less than 35 miles away. We can be there by dawn', explained Tara and every officer in the room agreed that the ship needed to hit land to do the repairs. 

`Not the most welcoming of people, but needs must', muttered the Captain.

`I'll sleep in here', Tara said when the Captain ordered everyone to bed. `I might just be needed'

`Cabin Boy....you can sleep here as well', replied the Captain. `And keep your hands of Tara'

`Yes Captain', I replied and just caught Tara grinning at me across the room.


Chapter IX: Landing
The Navigation Room was not designed for comfortable sleeping, but Tara and I managed to use some old bedding, the towels and a musty duvet to fashion a mattress and bed and we settled down for the night. Tara was not in the mood to talk to me, being tired and so all I really got was a warm cuddle. 

The following day, Tara and I were awake and up before the rest of the crew. We had a quick shower, used the lavatory and got breakfast before I woke the Captain, whose wound was still weeping. I got a small smack for asking her if she wanted it redressed.

After the inspection, she called Lieutenant Anne to the centre of the circle and promoted her to Commander, to take the place of Catherine, until we reach port. She then promoted Tara in the same way and told the crew the ship would be docking in the next hour or two in the St Willems Islands for boat repairs.

The island we were aiming for soon came into view, and four jetties in the centre of a bay, surrounded by the sprawling village were soon in focus. 

The island cannot have been much bigger than one hundred miles square, if that, but as we sailed in to take the penultimate jetty spot, lots of faces started watching us. We were bigger than the other vessels in the harbour, and there was a genuine unease in the eyes of the spectators.

With a bump, we hit the side of the jetty and a couple of girls tied the boat to the wooden posts.

`This could get nasty', Commander Helen told the Captain on the Upper Deck. `I want you to stay on the ship'. This met with a volley of protests from the Captain until the Commander mentioned the Admiralty and the Captain reluctantly backed down. 

`Take John with you', the Captain told her and Helen nodded. 

Feeling uneasy, I grabbed the sword from the cargo ship, and then descended the rope ladder with Commander Helen to reach the wooden jetty.

No one from the village had dared venture onto the wooden pier but a sea of expectant and anxious faces lined our path to the mainland. We waited for a moment, and then Commander Helen bellowed.

`WE WISH TO SPEAK TO YOUR LEADER'

A young man pushed his way to the front of the crowd and addressed us from a number of metres. `He said he will see you. Come with me'.

As we walked towards him, the crowd parted and the man backed away before quickening his stride up the sandy lane and into the centre of the village. The villagers followed at a distance up the hill, before we turned left in the centre of the village and came outside the largest villa in the road.

`Enter', the young man barked, and we went into a large room that was sparsely furnished. Faded but still colourful tiles lined the floor, while the paint on the walls was starting to peel. In the centre of the room, sat an older middle-aged man, probably around 50. His face was wrinkled and aged, but his clothing was highly unusual. A shirt, open at the front to show his well-defined body was an array of bright colours, while his faded shorts were ripped. He held a small sword, and was flanked by four guards, all of whom were topless and were carrying weapons.

`You think you can just ride in here?', he asked me in an aggressive tone. `You think we will roll over for you?'

`Errr.....No', I began to say, when Commander Helen interrupted me.

`I am Commander Helen and we are here as our ship was damaged in storms. We were hoping we could come to an agreement where we repair our vessel in your port, and reimburse you for any trouble'

`Why do you interrupt your Captain?', he asked looking at me. I could feel the anger rising inside the Commander beside me. 

`I am not the Captain', I replied before Commander Helen could. `I am the Cabin Boy'

`Your Captain does not have the courage to meet me?', the Chief cried. He turned to one of his guards and ordered him to go and fetch the Captain.

`I will negotiate only with the Captain of your vessel'

`Please.....our Captain has been injured. That is why we are here', Commander Helen told him and he clicked his fingers at the guard, who stopped abruptly.

`Tell me about your ship', he told her. 

`There are around 40 women on our ship....and one cabin boy. We have damaged our hull on the rocks and need some assistance in repairing it properly'

The chief thought for a few moments and stared at us intently. 

`Caledonian?' he asked and the Commander nodded. He gave a little smirk before continuing his deliberations.

`If I send you away from the port, you will probably drown on the open seas........which you don't want. If you stay, I need to have you guarded. No offence, but you are hardly dressed to be trustworthy. And that costs money and time. Five ounces of gold, or its equivalent and you can stay for the week.'

The Commander stared at him in, and then stepped forward raising her hand. 

`You have a deal'

`One thing though. We have village celebrations tonight. Our deflowering of the virgins, and I won't have anyone to guard you. The entire crew must be present without any weapons'

`Deflowering of the virgins?', I asked before the Commander could speak.

`An ancient tradition. Our girls don't come of age until they have surrendered themselves to a victorious warrior. Of course, most of them aren't virgins by the time the ceremony comes, but it is something all village women do between the ages of 14 and 18. Mind you, it's getting tough to find our male warriors. The last battle we had was almost thirty years ago and half of those who fought are now dead.', the Chief looked solemn for a moment. `I mean, we have a decent army here, but you have to have killed one of the villages enemies to qualify and that's the problem.'

`Couldn't you change the rules?', I asked and the Chief looked at me horrified.

`It's an ancient tradition. Our forefathers would never forgive us'

`You could start a fight with one of your enemies', I added and he smirked.

`We thought of that. But trade is important. Unfortunately, a number of our ex-warriors that are still alive are hardly good in bed, if you know what I mean.'

`Chief, that's fine, we will attend', Commander Helen replied to him before I could continue the conversation. I took her curt reply to mean that I should be silent and I let her seal the agreement with the Chief. 

The Chief then collected three glasses of deep red liquid from a young girl behind him.

`Toast to our agreement', he said and passed one to Helen and one to me. As I took hold of the glass, I let my sword slip and it fell noisily on the tiles. The Chief picked up the handle, which was nearest to him and saw the engravings. Quick as a flash he yelled something in his native tongue and the Commander and I were surrounded by his guards brandishing knives.

`Something wrong?', the Commander asked, her face white.

`IS THIS YOUR WEAPON?', the Chief shouted at me, anxiously.

`Well yes....well it was someone elses until I killed him'

`Who?'

`I don't know. It was a few days ago and he attacked me with it, and so I ran him through.'

`Do you know what this emblem is?'

I looked around expecting but not wanting to see the same white eagle on the walls but was surprised to not see it.

`No. No idea'

`This is the sign of the Eternal Angels'

`Who?', I asked

`The Eternal Angels were the last tribe to attack this village. They came in boats in the middle of night. Savaged our men and raped our women.' He pulled his shirt up to his chest and revealed a long scar across his abdomen that I hadn't noticed before.

`This is what they did to a nine year old fleeing the village'

`I'm sorry', I uttered. `I had no idea'

`Take off your jacket'

`My jacket?', I asked, and then complied, sliding the garment down. He strode forward and looked at the top of my left arm.

`No tattoo.....you're not an Angel'

`No. I'm a......errr.....just a Cabin Boy'

He passed me the sword and nodded to the Commander. I will exchange the gold with you at the ceremony later. My boys will come for you all'

The Commander nodded and we were ushered out.

`Just one thing.....', I said as I reached the doorway. `If this sword is of importance to you, do you want it?'

He smiled and took it from my outstretched hand. He started pouring over it, examining it closely as we left.

We had barely made it to the bottom of the hill, with our escort, when we heard running feet behind us.

`Grandpa says if you killed an Eternal Angel that makes you a victorious warrior and you must deflower one of our girls', the young boy shouted out as he reached us. I looked at the Commander who answered for me.

`Please tell your father that we will be honoured'

`What will the Captain say?', I asked her after he left and we were walking along the jetty.

`I'll clear it with the Captain. You just fuck the virgin' she said abruptly. `Then maybe we can our boat fixed and then get the fuck out of here'

`Yes Commander'
Chapter X: Deflowering Emma
It was 10pm and I had been backstage all evening. 31 balls were numbered and in a velvet bag. Every ten minutes or so, a bell would sound and the aged gentleman would pick a ball from the bag and call it out. I was number 31, and only me as well as a middle aged man with no teeth were left. I had seen all 29 men go, many needing the services of one of the two naked fluffers who were in the room.

I was dressed in the ceremonial army uniform of the islanders, which was even more exposing than my usual pirate clothing. A long bright red tunic that reached mid-thigh was worn with a red thin cloak that reached my knees and burgundy long rubber boots that touched the bottom of my knees. As I was not a real member of the army, I had no medals and no hat to wear, which determined the rank of the soldier. 

The bell reverberated around the small room and the hoster fished around his bag and pulled out 31. He nodded at me and I got up. 

`Need any help?', the youngest of the fluffers asked. She had a mousy brown hair that cascaded longingly over her large bosom.&nbsp; She peered at the base of my tunic which was moving with my inflating cock and I shook my head. 

`I'll be fine.', I told her and strode confidentially out of the small room and down a little corridor. 

The sound of the arena was impressive as I entered. Carved into the base of a hill on the outskirts of the village, there were ten or so rows of benches from the bottom row to the top, and a huge translucent canvas pinned overhead. In the centre of the arena, there were six beds, with one of them frantically being changed as I entered.

The Chief was there to welcome me, and as started to introduce me, the arena fell silent. All the cheering, bawling and gesturing faded as he spoke.

`OUR GUEST THIS EVENING.....AND A SPECIAL ONE AT THAT. THIS MAN KILLED AN ETERNAL ANGEL NOT TWO DAYS AGO', he announced, and there was a cheer around the room. I could see spent warriors sitting on one side of the room and they clapped in acknowledgement and surprise as the Chief shouted

`ONE OF OUR YOUNG LADIES WILL BE DEFLOWERED BY THIS MAN. OUR VERY SPECIAL GUEST....BRING HER OUT'

I turned behind me to see a young girl, 16 or 17, being lead out by two naked women. She had shoulder-length brown hair and deep blue eyes, looking at me longfully. I was drawn to her shapely curvy body, and breasts that a fully matured woman would adore. Her dress, was a thin skirt, that was as wide as my hand and as flimsy as a feather. I held out my hand to her and she took it, walking towards me.

`Be gentle with her', the Chief mumbled as I went past him. `She's my niece'

I guided her down the steps and towards the empty, clean bed in the centre of the arena. In the other five beds, men were plowing the young women, but hardly any of the girls looked like they were enjoying it.

`What's your name?', I asked her looking into her eyes.

`Emma', she whispered as we stopped by the bed. I kissed her deeply on the lips and she returned the kiss. Our tongues interlocking passionately. I moved my hands around her back and found the clasp for her skirt with little problem. It fluttered to the ground, and she surrounded me with her arms.

`I ruffled my hands through her hair and squeezed her bottom, not breaking the kiss we were sharing so passionately.

She moved her head away.

`Don't you want to deflower me?', she asked.

`All in good time', I told her and slid my right hand between her parted legs. She sighed as my middle finger ran up her moist gash and I kissed her again.

She was not expecting to fall backwards onto the bed but her mewing from my finger sliding up and down her lubricated slit made me want her and so I pushed her gently.

Kneeling at the foot of the bed, I pushed her thighs apart gently, and began devouring her clitoris with my mouth. She was unshaven, like all of the girls I had seen on the island but her hair parted to reveal a delightful, glistening clitoris that my tongue just needed to taste.

She was sweeter than anything I had ever tasted. The initial shock of falling onto the bed and of her warrior lover burying his face not his cock into her snatch disappeared as I used my tongue to slide from her opening upto her clitoris and back again.

She pushed her pelvis into my face and sighed loudly. My hands glided over her thighs and I started teasing her left nipple with my fingers, rolling it gently between my finger and thumb. 

I was ready to bring her to orgasm, and squeezed the outside of her labia with my left hand to expose the clit. With my tongue, I slid it up her slit until it rested on her clitoris, pertruding happily from its hood, and then started sucking it gently, so it was between my lips. She squealed as lightning flew from her loins, but then I started flicking it with my tongue and she was screeching.

`OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.................AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNN', she yelled, her body bucking ferociously as my mouth continued to devour her delights.

UUUUUGGGGHHHH...........NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN', she yelled, her breathing getting quicker and more furious.&nbsp; Her body began to spasm as my lips gripped her clitoris tighter, her fluids dripping off my chin as I devoured her delicious clit. 


She screamed in ecstasy and her body shook as her orgasm, possibly her first, engulfed her. 

As she came down from her peak, I crawled onto the bed and positioned my rock-hard cock at the entrance to her opening. I looked deeply into her eyes and she smiled at me, the fabric of my tunic bunched up around my waist.

Easing myself gently into her tight hole, I came up against a slight resistance that my gentle thrusting easily removed. Emma took a shark intake of breath as I did it, but was relaxed shortly afterwards and I began plundering the naked beauty beneath.

Her hole was so tight that it made my cock tingle like never before. In all my years since my sexual awakening, I had never had a dirty liaison with a virgin, and with just a few strokes understood why they were sought after so much. Emma was breathing quicker and quicker. She was moaning and grunting with every single one of my thrusts into her.

She continued to squeal as I rammed my cock into her virgin pussy, but I could feel my own climax approaching. I clenched my buttocks to try and delay it for a bit longer, but the feelings her pussy made on my cock as it gripped it was just too much for a mere mortal.

I cried out an animalistic moan and felt my cock begin to spasm at the same time one of the most intense orgasms I have ever had washed over me.&nbsp; I was panting as my pelvis muscles delivered my hot babymaking juice to her and then as I looked deeply into her eyes, could not resist a lasting kiss. 

We rose from the bed to see that we were the last to finish. Oblivious to the noise and attention during our sex, it was painfully real. The girls from the ship were directly in front of me, and I resisted the urge to try and find Tara in the crowd. 

The Chief passed me a box of tissues and I took a couple and passed them to Emma before wiping my semi-erect and filthy cock with another.

`ALL OF OUR GIRLS ARE NOW WOMEN. LET US CELEBRATE UNTIL DAWN', he cried to much cheering.

The streets in the village were filled with partying inhabitants. The tavern in the centre of the main square was providing free drinks to everyone and the deflowered women were the toast of the town. 

I snatched a few minutes with Emma before she was carried away by her family, who invited me to lunch the following day &#8211; another custom before I found Tara who was certainly drunk and needed to be carried back to the ship.

It was after Tabatha, the Captain and Commander Anne had also been returned to the ship by myself after drinking too much and collapsing in the village that the Chief found me.

`Nice work there, I think she enjoyed it!', he told me as he shook my hand.

`Well I certainly did'

The Chief laughed. `You know we had 35 warriors last year.....they keep dying. Soon the tradition might die out. We would want you to return next year for our ceremony'

I shifted uncomfortably and promised him that I would if I could.

`One thing.....', I asked. `Don't any of your girls get pregnant?'

`Several', replied the Chief. `Greatest honour the girl could have. Carrying the child of a warrior. We had four last year' 

`Four!', I exclaimed and he smirked. There was some shouting behind him and he looked up the hill'

`I'll see ya tomorrow, kid. Take care!'
Chapter XI: Help at hand
The following day started weirdly. I folded the Ceremonial Uniform up and put in the bottom drawer in my room. Amanda was still sleeping there, but I managed to get in to get a spare change of clothes without disturbing her. Walking through the ship it was clear that I was the only one awake and the Captain asked me to `fuck off' when I brought her some breakfast and two tankards of cold water. I left them on her bureau before descending the ships ladder and walking into the village.

There was not too much activity in the village either. Barrels of Mead had been drunk last night and there were even a few souls sleeping on the beach including a couple of naked girls. I took a leak at the end of the beach and walked back into the village square, meeting a couple of the shopkeepers who were opening up after the night of revelry.
 
The baker and butcher offered me a free breakfast pastry after I helped him get his shop ready and the tailor was eager to sell me a `more suitable' outfit than the one I was wearing.

By the time all the shops were opened I meandered back to the ship expecting to find the pirates awake but they were still fast asleep. My trip down to the sleeping quarters saw that a couple of the pirates had pissed themselves in the night, while one had clearly satisfied herself last night with a discarded dildo on the floor. 

A dripping wet, naked Holly made me jump as she entered the room.

`Quite a night, wasn't it?', she asked me as she wrapped a towel around her and I agreed that it was. 

`No stamina.....some people', she muttered as she left and went in search of food.

Bored, I went back down the jetty and began helping a couple of fishermen leave port before given a couple of local lads a kick around on the beach. Feeling like this was a lazy day on a summer holiday, I almost felt guilty when Emma appeared and told me to be at her house by noon for lunch. I kissed her goodbye and went back to the ship.

The Captain woke at quarter to twelve as I was leaving the ship. I explained about my lunch and she groaned and turned over in bed. 

It occurred to me that I had no idea where Emma lived, and asked a young girl who was at the end of the jetty. 

`This way', she called and skipped off. I had to run to keep up with her, but she led me to a small wooden house on the other edge of the village overlooking the beach with an untidy front garden. Striding up the path, I knocked confidently on the front door and awaited for Emma, dressed in skimpy casual clothes to open the door.

`Come in', she said and led me into the dining room. There were nine chairs cramped around a small table with a women, wearing an apron running in and out. Emma guided me to the furthest chair at the head of the table, with Emma next to me. I recognised the Chief at once, and guessed the other older gentleman must be Emma's father. 

I held out my hand to him and introduced myself, before shaking hands with her two older sisters, and one younger sister.

`So tell us....', the eldest sister, Florence said, `....did you enjoy it?'.

Emma went bright red and squeezed my knee under the table.

`That's a personal question....', I told her but Florence laughed.

`I hated my deflowering', she told her.

`I hated mine', Alice added. `And I got pregnant'

`It was....errrr.....ummmm......it was really good', Emma admitted.

`You are making our guest uncomfortable', Emma's dad warned Florence.

`It's only sex Dad'.

`Mind your tongue', he warned her. `You are not too old for a spanking young lady'

Florence sighed and looked away from the table.

Emma's Dad then began to quiz me, wanting to know all what I had done to qualify and then about my life. I spared him the bits about joining the pirate ship and who was running it, as well as the promiscuous lifestyle that I led, and by the time I was running out of acceptable things to talk about, Emma's mum brought in the meal.

It was a hot meal &#8211; something I didn't have too often and was beautifully cooked. The family said a weird sort of grace, devoting the meal to all the grandparents and people who were no longer with them, before Emma's Dad dished up big chunks of lamb, thick roasted vegetables and lashings of gravy. 

I was passed my meal first but waited until everyone had a plate before beginning.

The Chief became very talkative during the meal, and the noise from the dinner table became louder and louder as everyone fought to make themselves heard.

After dinner, we retired to the lounge and Emma's mum returned with a tray of drinks. I chatted at length with her Dad and found out that he was the local shipbuilder.

`I don't suppose you could give us a hand fixing our boat, could you?'

`I kind of figured that you would want help', he told me.

By the time the afternoon had finished, we were all too drunk to do much else and I staggered back to the ship at nearly 6pm. The Captain was in the Navigation Room talking earnestly to the three Commanders about how the ship was going to be repaired when I burst in and staggered in the doorway.

`Captain', I called out over Commander Helen. `Emma's Dad said he will help us with the ship. He is a shipbuilder'

`He's pissed', Commander Anne said, stating the obvious and looking at the Captain.

The Captain stared at me for a good few moments before sending me back to my quarters to sober up. It took ten minutes before she burst in, whip in hand and towered over me.

`What the fucking hell are you playing at', she shouted and snatched the tankard of water out of my hand. `Explain yourself'

My hands trembling I recounted the afternoon....well the bits I could remember....including the help offered by Emma's family. She blinked for a few moments before dragging me to my feet and told me to take her to his house.

It took a couple of attempts to find Emma's home, but eventually the Captain and I were soon knocking on the front door, and the Captain went inside, ordering me to stay outside. I strained my ears to the wind, and heard laughter within a minute, and the Captain returned to darkening evening considerably later.

`Well....', the Captain said to me as we walked back towards the harbour, `....you have just managed to avoid a damn good thrashing'


Chapter XII: A good trade
Turned out Emma's dad had reiterated his offer to the Captain as a thank you for my deflowering of his daughter. He asked that the Captain give him a handful of the girls to help him and the rest to help the Chief around the village which she was only too happy to do. 

The following morning, Delta (Lieutenants Chrissie and Charlotte, and Seawomen Kathryn, Amanda, Tabatha, Africa and Holly) were joined by Emma's father and his assistant on the jetty. Their first task was to move the ship inland onto the dry dock, but along with all the Lieutenants and Seawomen, I was told to report to the town hall. 

Our first task was to help repair the local secondary school. Around 300 kids were taught here, but the wooden structure was decrepit and in need of repair. Aided by the caretaker, we were soon repairing the roof, painting the walls and sanding the floors. Bridget and I moved hundreds of planks of wood, and we both got so hot under the fierce sun that we were topless before midday.

We were not the only people to be stripping and we got quite an audience with the curious teenagers happy to ogle us during their lunch breaks. Sadie and Georgina offered to strip totally for the afternoon if the group would help us paint the wall and by the time the lessons were due to start again, there was one painted wall and two naked pirates, save for a touch of paint on bronzing flesh.

It was good to be doing things again and by the time the lessons finished, a couple of the lads felt confident enough to try their luck with the pirates. This confidence soon spread and before the day was out, half the girls had dates for the evening and the school was almost unrecognisable from how it was earlier in the day.

The Galley staff were not able to cook while the ship was being moved or repaired so we were all treated to a cracking supper at the Town Hall. Sandwiched between Tara and Georgina at dinner, my hands were soon touching the younger girl under the dining table and as soon as we had all helped to clear up the Town Hall, Tara and I were running inland to find an secluded spot.

The small wood on top of the hill provided ample cover and diving into the undergrowth, Tara and I were hastily stripping each other. She had barely pulled my shorts off when I was thrust backwards and her mouth descended onto mine. Her hands gently stroking my fully inflated cock, our tongues became entwined passionately.

I moved my hands up her thighs and began to run them along her slippery gash. She was sopping wet and mewed everytime I touched her.

Tara then adjusted herself and began to lower herself onto me. I waited expectantly for her slide down my expectant cock and was not disappointed. Her breasts juggled enticingly as she rocked back and forth, and I had to fondle them.

She barely noticed my wandering hands as her body pivoted on my erect member powering ecstatic sensations deep into me. Clamping&nbsp; her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers, and then rolling them caused her to sigh in pleasure and she began breathing deeply. 

`Oh god.....', she cried as she thrust her body forward, her head pushed back. I could feel my own orgasm approaching and began to rhythmically thrust upwards.

`Uggghhh.....Ahhhhnnnn......AHHHHHNNNNNNN....', Tara squealed, her passionate vocal emissions escalating in pitch and volume.

With one last powerful rock forward, she froze for a second before exhaling forcefully and slumping forward, panting furiously and mewing loudly.

The feeling of her body squeezing against mine, was enough to trigger my own orgasm and I gleefully pumped my juice into her unprotected body.

Tara looked into my face and then kissed me deeply again.

`Don't tell the Captain', she whispered and I promised I wouldn't, before she happily cleaned my cock with her warm, inviting mouth. 

We lay naked in the undergrowth, watching the Sun descend behind the hill opposite. The sky was lit up with a variety of vivid colours and I just enjoyed Tara's company. I was still convinced she was out of my league. 

An hour later, and after Tara had made me clean her up with my tongue we were frantically searching for our clothes. The warmth from the Sun had disappeared and a chilly breeze was blowing across the hill. My shorts and shirt were where I left them but Tara could not find her clothes at the entrance to the clearing or strewn in the bushes. 

With light fading, I offered her my shirt, but it barely reached her belly button, and much less her pussy. Despite Tara's protestations she has to walk through the village half-naked to reach the ship. 

Tara's hope that she wouldn't be noticed was almost fanciful. The streets were awash with activity with every young male hoping to bag a female pirate for the night. Although the girls were feisty and violent on the open seas, the attention paid to them by fawning boys in a foreign land meant that many were happy to offer a night of debauchery. 

We had barely walked the one mile to village and passed two other couplings engaging in outdoor sex in the undergrowth. Tara kept trying to keep to the shadows.

`I am a Lieutenant you know. I should make you give me your shorts', she threatened. 

`Acting Lieutenant', I corrected her. `Do you want them?'

`It's OK. We'll be at the boat in five minutes'

We took a slightly longer route around the village to avoid the revelry, the noise of which carried far in the evening. Tara got a couple of looks from drunken women returning home and even a lewd proposition from some teenage boys playing out the front of their house but it didn't take long to reach the ship.

The Captain was waiting on the deck, staring at the stars when Tara hauled herself over the top and onto the ship. She clapped eyes on Tara's bottomless attire immediately and looked puzzled somewhat. 

`They were stolen', Tara answered the Captain before she even asked the question.

`Some trophy for a teenage boy perhaps', the Captain ventured and then sighed as I climbed aboard.&nbsp; `I might have known'

`Evening, Captain'

`I trust that your rendez-vous was on land and not on this boat', she asked us and we responded truthfully. `Because, you are not permitted to touch other women on this boat, Cabin Boy'

`Yes Captain', I replied.

`Good. Now help me back into my cabin'.

The Captain was soon laid in bed, although she insisted she would get undressed by herself when I was gone. She ran through a couple of orders for tomorrow and then wished me good night.

The following day, the Captain was keen to get the boat in order, and the first two hours of the day before breakfast, she had everyone cleaning their quarters and shared areas. I was cleaning the Captains quarters, showers and my quarters before she got Holly to come for me and we went inland to get some food. The Captain was insistent she needed no help on the rope ladder but could see she was struggling.

Breakfast was a muted affair. It was 9am when it was finished and the Captain sent Delta to help repair the boat with Emma's dad, while the rest of us was to report to the Chief. 

He was a little overwhelmed to have 30 women bearing down on his villa, but before long we were all out on various jobs. The Captain was keen to ensure Tara was at the other end of the village to me, and the Chief asked myself and Seawoman Africa to report to the farm on the eastern edge of the village. 

It was warm as we walked down the road. Africa wanted to know what Tara and I got upto the previous night and was a little annoyed when I wouldn't recount the evening. She knew though. We all did. I knew she got roundly fucked on the beach by a couple of teenage boys. She knew I screwed Tara. Why she needed it spelling out, I didn't know.

The Farm was a ramshackle building surrounded by crops. Voices emanated from one field and we tried to locate them in the forest of wheat.&nbsp; Africa introduced ourselves to three topless men scything down the wheat. The elder gentleman identified himself as the farmer, Andrew with his son, Rob and farmhand, Mike.

Rob was a mere younger version of his father. 6ft tall, big burgeoning muscles and strong blue eyes. Mike was black and had big muscles too and a grin that stretched from ear to ear when he saw Africa.

`This isn't women's work', Rob told his father, and I saw Africa well up. `Give her the hay rake'

`Give her a go. We have a big field to go through', the farmer told her and walked over to the horse-drawn wagon. He pulled out a huge scythe and passed it to me, before getting a slightly smaller one and passed it to Africa.

`You used one before?', he asked and we both shook our heads.

`Right, if you hear DROP then you stop scything.&nbsp; We all scythe together, and then we collect together. You're a couple of feet from everyone else and we move up the field together. To scythe you bring it downwards against the wheat at bottom, you see?'

He swung the scythe at the base of the plants and they collapsed in on the scythe. He shook them free and then hit the next clump of wheat, and the next. He then called out  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;`DROP' and watched for his son and farmhand to rest their tools against some wheat and then began to pick up the wheat, loading it onto the wagon.

A few moments later Africa and I were scything on our own. I was at the end of the field, adjacent to the road that we had walked up and furthest from the wagon. The scythe came down heavily and smashed through the wheat leaving just tiny stalks sticking up from the ground. A few more hits before the farmer called `DROP' and I was gathering the wheat in my arms. It was heavier than I thought as I staggered to the wagon, which was filling up fast. 

I heard horse hooves approach and a girl got down, unhitched the horse from an empty wagon before hitching it back up to the full wagon which disappeared towards the battered farm.

I was soon stripping off, as scything was back-breaking work. I enjoyed being out in the fresh air, and the day was nowhere near as warm as it had been the day before, but I was starving when the farmer said to break for lunch. We had cleared over half the field and had had several wagon loads. 

Lunchtime at the farm was a chaotic affair. The farmers' wife, a stout woman welcomed everybody into a stuffy barn where there was a huge spread of food. Bread, apples, cheese, cooked meats, vegetables and a few pots of cider were on the table, with upturned crates, barrels and haybales being used as chairs. 

Over lunch Mike and Rob teased me about my muscles. Nowhere near as prominent as either of them, but still topless, we got some wolf-whistles from the girls at the table. One of them weighed up,Rob's superior physique against my warrior status, and not getting a decision, we left to continue working.

Africa and I kept up with the Mike and Rob but by the time afternoon was giving way to evening, we were knackered. We had cleared two fields in total and Andrew returned quite impressed with the amount of wheat scythed down.

He asked if Africa and I would be back tomorrow, and we both said we didn't know before I turned and went down the lane. Africa wanted to stay for a bit, and was eyeing up the lads so I didn't stay to watch her tout herself and ambled down the hill.

My muscles ached all over from the back-breaking work that I had being doing all day. I was looking forward to something to eat and an early night, but this was dashed when Emma and one of her sisters came running up the hill to meet me as I was about to descend into the village.

`Come with us', Emma called and pulled my arm.

`Why?'

`You'll see', Instead of walking down the hill to the village centre I was pulled to the small school that we had renovated earlier in the week at the top of the hill. Emma told me nothing and just prodded me towards our destination.

`Go inside', she told me to the small hall that the classrooms surrounded.

I gingerly peered inside to see a dozen or so teenagers. Mats were strewn across the floor but no-one had acknowledged my presence yet. 

`I got him', Emma called out as she followed me, and there was a small cheer in the room. 

`Pardon?'

Emma turned to face me. `OK. What you did to me when you took my virginity, we hadn't seen before'

`Sex?', I asked her looking perplexed.

`No the licking me bit'

`Ahhhh....', I said.`Going down on you'

`Yeah...that. I really enjoyed it. Everyone could see I did and I want to know how you did it. 

`And we want our boyfriends to know', a short ginger girl at the front added. 

`It is really simple', I told her, `But it would be easier for everyone if you shaved. You can see whats going on down there.

`That's what your girlfriend said today and she gave us a razor', Emma told me and she lifted her dress up to reveal a fully shaven crotch. A&nbsp; few other girls agreed with her, and I could guess that every girl in the room was now shaved. 

`I can show you what I do', I told her, `but its not necessarily perfect'

`That's what we want', the ginger girl replied. 

`You going to be my model then?', I asked Emma and she smiled as she hauled her dress over her head to be naked from her boots up. She sat herself down on the mat and I knelt down next to her, spreading her legs wide. She sucked in some air as I pulled apart her lips. Everyone gathered round to see and got quite close to Emma who was going a bit red by this point.

`Ok....without wanting to be patronising, this is the hood of the clitoris at the top of her slit here, and if I just put a little bit of pressure on here.....its the clitoris. This is THE most sensitive part of her body. Touch this right, and she will love you forever. Get it wrong and it feels awkward or gets very sensitive and uncomfortable. When she gets the horn, it gets bigger'

`Just like your cock', Emma's sister asked, and I nodded. `Only not quite as big'

`This here, is her slit. Gets nice as slippery when she gets going'. I turned my head to Emma. `Are you horny?'

She bit her lip and went even redder. `A bit'

`You're very horny. Like being exposed do you?'. Everyone laughed at this except Emma who went even redder. I was getting into my stride and quite liked the idea of being a sex tutor!

`Well the gash here, sliding your tongue up and down is nice but not going to set off any fireworks, but here.....here is the opening to her pussy. Flicking your tongue here....poking up her....she'll thank you for that. And if I just slip a finger or two in, until my second knuckle.....face my fingers upwards towards her belly button and rub her insides gently, I will hit her G-Spot and if she is very aroused, she will see stars'

Emma was beginning to pant when I withdrew my fingers and did the same motion in the air.

`Lastly we have the perineum and butthole &#8211; rim her butthole and if she is into it, she'll love you'

`Eeuuuhhhhh', cried out one of the lads. `I don't want to stick my tongue up there'

`But you do want her to stick her lips around your cock?', I asked him.

`Well....'

`You don't have to do anything but if it makes her happy, then why not?', I asked him.

`Now I love the girl to be on top personally, but as you wont be able to see or hear anything I'll do it like this. I quite like to fondle her tits while I am going down on her and roll her nipples against my fingers. First technique....a simple lick. Starting off at her hole, up along to her clitoris and back along the outside of her lips, and then repeat. Like this'

I moved myself in between her legs and moved my tongue up her slit and around her clitoris and then back again. I know I obscured the view of my `pupils' but Emma's mewing indicated that she enjoyed it as I repeated it a couple of times.

`Thats from the hole to the clitoris and back again. Once she is warmed up a bit, we then look a bit more at the clitoris.....Emma, if this is too intense, let me know and I will get you hornier'. Emma nodded and I continued. `Some girls need to have their clitoral hood pinched slightly or their lips pulled apart, but when the clitoris is exposed we can flick it. You don't have to focus on the clitoris just keep returning to it and flick it more forcefully as she gets wetter. Like this'

With great care, I pulled apart her lips and began to flick her clitoris gently, exploring the other parts of her pussy and then returning to flick it again and again. Emma was gushing at this point and a large pool of her juices were collecting at the base of her body. She was considerably sweeter than just about every girl I had ever gone down on, and I couldn't resist her innocent charms. 

`We can then do a couple of things &#8211; either kiss her clit or suck on it. I like both &#8211; a quick kissing action with lips only works wonders, but I also like to suck on her clit. Expose it, wrap your lips around it and suck gently, flicking the top of it with your tongue. Like this'

I pulled her lips apart again and clamped my lips around the base of her clitoris and began to suck, flicking the tip of her clit with my tongue. 

In an instant, Emma began to writhe, buck and then started crying out in filthy pleasure as my tongue dashed across her clitoris. I slid my finger into her hole again and began to play with her G-Spot. She came immediately. At that point and with the force of a hurricane.

`Agggghhhhhhhh-------------------', she squealed, her voice echoing around the hall.

I sat up and looked at the group. `Notice the gentle G-Spot massage as I tongued her clitoris. Now I can also poke the entrance to her hole which she will find enjoyable. Simple lapping movements concentrated over her entrance. I performed the lapping action in thin air and then reapplied myself to the aroused girl in front of me. 

`Ahhhhh.....Ohhhhhh...Uggghhh', she groaned as my tongue darted across her hole. 

`Now lastly, the butthole. I am not going to do this, as once your tongue has been there, don't put it back on the clit until you've washed your mouth out as it isn't great for keeping your girl disease-free, but simple circular motions will make them wild. And that's all you need to know.'

`Can we practice?', asked the ginger girl and Emma nodded. `I think I need another demo', Emma said.

`I think you should find a boyfriend', I told her and she sneered at me.

The room was quickly awash with eleven couples engaging in cunnilingus. Most of the girls sat astride their partners faces, but a couple choose to do with the girl laid back. The air was thick with the scent of horny girls in no time, and the sounds of one orgasm quickly gave way into several. 

I gave Emma a quick couple of orgasms before helping her to her feet. She put her dress on and we walked round. It took about an hour before I could go. Several girls wanted me to demonstrate on them before leaving and I couldn't turn them all down! It took a couple of gos to explain the idea of a creampie &#8211; and could see the eyes light up on the girls and faces screwed up on the boys. Was I ever that squeamish about sex? I thought and hoped not.

Emma gave me a deep kiss before I left, but I escaped to get something to eat before it got too late. 

I managed to get some scraps of dinner from the Town Hall and then went on board the ship. The Captain was there but most of it was empty.

`Decent tide and wind first thing tomorrow morning', the Captain told me as I climbed into the ship. `We are ready to leave'

`Yes, Captain. Do the crew know?'

`Yes, we told them over dinner, but you weren't there. Tara is looking through the charts planning our departure now'

`Sorry Captain. I was...er...detained.'

`I'm sure she was worth it', the Captain told me coldly and I didn't have the inclination or bravery to correct her.

`How is your wound?' 

`It is fine'

`I was...', I started but was interrupted by the Chief calling up from the side of the boat.

`Can I come on board' , he called up and I looked at the Captain.

`The Chief, Captain'. She nodded.

`Yes, do you want a hand', I shouted down, but he was up the rope ladder in a few seconds flat.

`I was hoping for a few moments of your time. Alone', the Chief asked looking at me and the Captain. 

`Certainly.....my quarters', and I left them alone.

Tara was busy in the Navigation Room and barely registered my presence when I entered.

`Did you show them?' she asked not looking up from her chart after I had entered the room and stared at her for a few moments.

`Of course', I replied. `I did wonder where they got that idea from'

`Tara...I just want to say that I am really touched that you took Holly to task that night and I just hope that you weren't punished for it. I did offer to take any punishments the Captain wanted to deal out'

Tara looked up from her chart and narrowed her eyes. `I know. The Captain said. She also said that I was not to discuss it with you or anyone else. As you know....because Georgina and Tabatha told you so' 

`Yeah they did, I know, but.....'

`But you just thought I might tell you....'

`....well a bit. Bit also to say that I was really overwhelmed by it.....and I really want to go on a date with you when we reach Hamilton'

Tara put her pencil down and looked over at me. Her eyes checking me out. `What's to say that I haven't changed my mind'

`Ummm......well.....I don't know. If the offer is still there, I won't be a fool and turn it down again.' 

I was about to leave when we heard a scream coming from below.

`The Captain', I cried and burst out of the room with Tara is hot pursuit. I threw myself down the steps to the main deck and burst through the Captain's door with Tara close behind. 

There, in front of me, was the Captain naked on the bed with the Chiefs face buried between the Captains legs. 

`Sorry', I said as they both looked at me. 

`We heard screaming', Tara told her and we hastily left the room before the Captain could say anything.
Chapter XIII: Lisa
The Captain was awoken at dawn by myself and massive spread of food. I was preparing myself for a hiding for bursting into her room, but she said nothing and was in a good mood so I wasn't going to drop myself in it by apologising and reminding her.

Tara and I had heard the Chief and the Captain at it for the most of the evening and it had me incredibly horny but Tara could not spare the time to go inland for a quickie.

By the time the Captain was fed, showered, shaved and then dressed it was approaching 8am. Most of the ship were awake and there was a good buzz of activity on the deck. Tara requested that we leave in two hours to catch the right tide and the Captain stood on the Upper Deck surveying the mass of bodies eagerly preparing for the ships departure.

By 9:30am the entire village had lined up on the beach to see us off. The Chief had come aboard one last time to thank the Captain for all the hard work we had put in to helping around the village and I could see Emma and her friends at the front of the assembled pack waving at me as I looked overboard.

It took twenty minutes, and a solemn promise from the Captain that we would return, before the Chief left the vessel and we could set sail again. Tara reckoned with a good wind we would be in Hamilton within two or three days and in just fifteen minutes the little island became nothing more than a full stop on the horizon.

The Captain skipped her inspections but did take to watching over the crew. I had not seen her do this very often but she said that given the relaxed partying over the last couple of days she wanted to make sure everything returned to normal and discipline was restored.

As she watched and barked orders across the decks I was sent on errands. Little things such as fetching food and water for her, a whip so Kathryn and Amanda could be punished and relaying messages from the Navigation Room, that was only a few feet behind her. 

After lunch she told me to help clean the galley and it was quickly dinnertime before I realised.&nbsp; 

Dinner was a raucous affair, with the Captain checking the pubic hair on every pirate as she entered the room for her dinner, and many of the pirates not replacing their shorts or thongs that they had to step out of until after they had eaten.&nbsp; The room was very hot and many took the opportunity to be semi-naked to cool, which did little to dampen the obvious effects of my hormones. 

The Captain told everyone to report to the main deck after dinner, and when I arrived with the Captain the big red mat was out. Lieutenant Ruth was dressed in the standard ringmaster blue outfit and her giant box of tricks were awaiting ominously for the losers of the matches.

Bridget, the stout strong girl was up first and had selected Chrissie, the gaoler with short brown hair. On the face of it, it seemed an impossible match &#8211; Chrissie was far shorter and weaker than Bridget, but both were feisty and headstrong. The match quickly descended into an acrimonious farce with Chrissie and Bridget trading blows and not wrestling.

Ruth fined both girls their tops, and although Chrissie's breasts were not small &#8211; around a C cup, compared to Bridgets they were tiny. This seemed to hinder Bridget as she seemed very self-conscious and began to let Chrissie get the upper hand. She responded to Chrissie's headlock with a none-too-subtle hit to Chrissies breasts, and Ruth disqualified her.

This caused a volley of insults from Bridget and it took the Captain to have to step in and demand that Bridget to be incarcerated in the cells for 24 hours. 

There was a deathly silence as Bridget was led away, her anger no less subsided and the Captain the new recipient for her vile. I waited with baited breath expecting the Captain to send someone to retrieve a punishment device but she stood there passively and then turned her attention back to the game.

`John....Lisa....you can fight next. Any punching and I will have you both on the rape bench', the Captain warned and I began to remove my boots and jacket.

Lisa was a 21-year-old girl who was only 5ft8in high, but with a round, angelic face. Her shoulder-length brunette hair was tied back. I towered over her, a good four inches taller and considerably more sturdily built and I had a good feeling about the match. She was very unlike Tabatha who was taller, stronger, more muscular. A wrestler. Lisa wasn't.

We faced each other and Ruth started the match. I immediately took a step towards her and went to grab her, but she just sidestepped my challenge and swept her leg towards mine, hoping to knock me off-balance. It nearly worked, but I managed to regain my balance, just in time to push her away from me. In short, she was nimble.

Very nimble in fact. Every time I tried to pin her down....to grab her.....to stop her.....or anything she would manage to sidestep or duck my movements. She was growing in confidence with every move I made and was just waiting for that once mistake that I would make.

I was getting frustrated. I could feel it, but Lisa was so slippery and I tried to almost rugby tackle her. Her sidestep worked but she left her knee in deliberately, ensuring that her bony joint hit my crotch. Pain flew from my loins immediately, and as I hit the mat, my hands went to my crotch as I called out in agony.

Lisa was unperturbed and calmly slid down my shorts to my knees as I nursed my painful genitals.

`Lisa is the winner', Ruth called out. `Nice move'

`I'm in agony', I told her through misted eyes. 

`You will be', Lisa told me as she began to ferret through the box of sex toys next to Ruth.

I saw no point in replacing my shorts as Lisa would soon be plundering my arse with her chosen dildo. It took a minute for Lisa to select a bright green, but fairly small strapon and began fastening it to herself, without her shorts on.

A&nbsp; voice appeared from the corner of the assembled crowd. `I will take John's punishment', it called out, only just audible above the noise of the baying crowd. 

`Quiet', called the Captain and there was immediate silence. `Who said that?'

A meek Holly stepped forward onto the edge of the mat.

`I'll take take John's punishment', she repeated and looked at the Captain. `He's taken enough of mine'

`Very well', replied the Captain and she gestured towards Lisa. `Take Holly'

I scrambled off the mat in record time as Holly began to remove her thong. Tabatha was looking after my boots and jacket, which I eagerly replaced as Lisa was lined up her rubber cock on Holly's slit.

`Do you want any lubricant?', Ruth asked Holly who shook her head, her legs visibly shaking and almost a sense of regret in her eyes. Lisa didn't let her worry about it for too long as she eagerly slid the small green strapon between Holly's young legs and into her smooth hole. 

I was focused on Holly's reactions. I could see her eyes watered slightly and her face screwed as Lisa began to plunder the 16-year-old. 

Lisa was not taking any prisoners and was soon getting into her stride. The short smooth strokes were simply to ease Holly in, but before long she was thrusting the rubber phallus deep into Holly's cunt ramming it in as hard as it would go. The rubber bollocks slapped against Holly's clitoris and made an audible, small thud.

I think Holly was beginning to enjoy the ramming of Lisa's face cock into her as she began to pant then squeal with every passing thrust. The crowd were happy to abuse her and even the Captain called her `a whore' as it became clear she was enjoying the public humiliation of being half-raped by Lisa. Lisa was certainly about to come, with the nub of the rubber phallus nestling against her sensitive clitoris. 

I know Holly orgasmed first, but it can't have been by much. Her orgasmic scream only increased the abuse she was receiving from the crowd who drowned out all noise of the sea in the background. Lisa gave a satisfied moan as she touched her climax and withdrew from the embarrassed Holly. Holly waited until Lisa had withdrawn completely from the mat and scrambled to her feet.

`Holly.....your top please!' called out the Captain who had an outstretched arm out to collect it.

Holly went red and fumbled with her shirt.

`All losers will be naked until the following morning, save for the boots', called the Captain and collected Holly's shirt before throwing at Lisa.

`Here have a souvenir' she called out. `And John, don't you have something to say?'

`Yes Captain.....Er....thank you for taking my forfeit', I stuttered at the naked 16-year-old.

`Give her a cuddle', the Captain told me, and I took the naked girl in my arms, her unfettered breasts pressed up against my shirt, and my raging erection press up against her crotch. My arms engulfed her and my hands gently squeezed her buttocks.

`Excellent', cried the Captain and eagerly picked two more contestants.

Besides Holly, Georgina (who lost to Africa), Taitlech (who lost to Tabatha) and Catriona (who lost to Commander Helen) were naked by the end of the night and as I snuggled up to the Captain she reminded me of what Holly had done and that I was lucky. 

Very lucky I know but just what was the real reason?
Chapter XIV: Captain's treat
The Captain was awake when I returned naked from the shower with my clothes under my arm. Amanda was still in my quarters and I still had to go in for clean clothes. I had forgotten to do that prior to my shower and didn't want to get changed in front of Amanda who was beginning to stir.

The Captain leered at me while I did get change and made a number of rude comments before dispatching me downwards to get her breakfast. I returned with a tray of toast with jam and two steaming mugs of tea. The Captain had returned from going to the toilet and was busy reading the reports from the night crew.

`I should get you to read this as well', she told me and passed them to me. `If you are going to be properly useful you should know how to read these'.

The reports from Commander Paula and Angela showed that the ship had made excellent progress through the night. The strong winds and perfect tide had meant that we were just 36 hours away from Hamilton. Commander Paula noted that the duty crew managed to sleep for most of the night but she had to discipline Kelly for insubordination.

The Captain got me to record this punishment in her Punishment Log, and tidy her quarters while she showered. I got to the showers just in time to help shave her before she got dressed and she began her inspections.

The Captain reminded me of my duty to check the crews pubic hair each day although I did claim the losers at wrestling made it extremely clear that they were properly shaved. The Captain laughed and checked five girls at random who all passed before she toured the ship.

Surprisingly, she found nothing untoward and even complimented the Lieutenants on the excellent state of the vessel before returning to her quarters to write in her logbook.

It was a weird morning. All the crew knew that by tomorrow dinner time they would be safely in Hamilton and there was understandably much excitement about this. I couldn't bring myself to get too excited as I far preferred the open sea to the built up city but I was the only one who didn't have a spring in their step or a smile on their face.

Even Tabatha who got spanked for a minor indiscretion couldn't help but smile and by the time I had sat through a very happy crew at lunchtime I didn't really want to spend much time with anyone. Even Tara.

The Captain sent me on a number of errands, and I had to help her when she had her bandaging changed. The wound had almost healed although it was obvious that there would be a very visible scar there when it had healed. By the time I had returned from my latest errand &#8211; to the armoury for the Captain &#8211; Tara was talking to the Captain in her quarters.

`Ahh....John...', the Captain called as I entered the room. `...We will be in Hamilton tomorrow and I really don't need you for a couple of hours. You and Tara go up to the Crows Nest for the afternoon. Spend some time together. Be back in my quarters for dinner time'.

`Some time together?', I asked her incredulously. 

`What I mean is, I don't care what you do to each other. Just keep an eye out for ships'

`Come on', Tara took my hand and let me to the door, her smile literally from her ear to ear. 

`One thing though. Any item of clothing you discard up there, you don't put on until you get back here', she said smiling at us.

`Thank you, Captain', Tara told her and I parroted the same. We climbed to the top of the Crows Nest in record time. The wind wasn't strong and I had to keep up with Tara.

Georgina was very surprised to see Tara, and even more to see me. Tara sent her down and told her that we would do the shift. She eyed us both knowingly and descended the ladder. 

Tara jumped on me the moment her sister had left the basket. Her lips were on mine and our tongues were caressing like horny teenagers. I closed my eyes and wrapped my arms around her body that was pressed to tightly against my own.

I could feel my erection straining at my shorts, and knew that Tara would be able to feel it as well. I felt her hands slide down my body and my shorts fell away with them, my erection straining and then bouncing back. I couldn't resist and slide my hands inside her shorts to caress her firm round ass. Her shorts slid down to her knees, and I could feel her wiggling out of them. 

We continued with our passionate kissing, isolated from the world in the basket. The wind rustled around us but we were perfectly sheltered where we were. Tara broke off the kiss and removed her top, throwing it to the end of the basket.

`Suck on them', she told me and slid forward so her firm 34C breasts were invitingly hanging over my lips. I could not resist.

Flicking the top of her erect nipple with my tongue she moved her weight so that it was closer to my lips. Caressing her right breasts with my left hand, I began to suck gently on her left nipple. It was already erect, and Tara began to moan as my fingers and lips stimulated all the nerves at the end of her bosom.

My mouth gleefully sucked on her nipple with my tongue scraping itself along the very tip of her protruding nipple. With every suck, flick or roll Tara murmured. My right hand began to feel along her stomach until it reached her shaven crotch and salivating pussy. She oozed horniness. Her smell was recognisable, even amongst the sea air as she arched her back further to push her nipples deeper towards me.

I could hear her breathing clearly, her mouth was over my ear which she was affectionately nibbling. It became raised, her breathing was raised and fast. She groaned and grunted as my tongue and fingers touched her nipples. It was sending shockwaves down her body with every touch.

Tara got too aroused, and simply needed what I was renowned for. She simply wanted her pussy to be eaten, and swinging her legs round, planted her dripping pussy on my face. She made me take my top off first as she wanted to see me naked, she said. 

I was in heaven, immediately. Her scent filled my nostrils and my tongue darted in and out of her hole, swirling around the entrance. Tara immediately began to cry out in pleasure. My hands wandered to touch her breasts and began twirling on her nipples. She groaned and cried out again. Even louder and began to buck. Her hips began to pivot over my face as my tongue gleefully probed every crevice of her.

I could feel our juices dripping down my chin but was oblivious to it. She was nearing an orgasm. I could taste her arousal, I could feel her body set to explode.

My hands groping her breasts as well as rubbing her nipples moved faster and faster. My tongue and lips caressing her hole and slit began to suck harder, probe deeper. She was crying out in pleasure with everything I did.

`Oh YES........Oh John....OH........OH......OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH----', she yelled. 

I continued to lick her as her loins exploded. I could not stop, her pussy was just so addictive. I slid my tongue forward and began to flick her clitoris. Her body shaking and jolting with every flick of her engorged orgasm button. She was crying with flick of her clit and was about to climax again. I could feel it in her thighs that were squeezing on my ears.

Her body began to shake and shiver as I went from flicking to sucking on her clitoris. She tried to fall forward but my arms stopped her as I was still rubbing her nipples between my fingers.

She let out a set of noisy and vocal climaxes, her body shaking&nbsp; with every one. I could feel water dripping and then almost squirting onto my face, in my mouth and in my short hair.

`I want you', she told me and stood up. Without thinking I pushed her forward so she was leaning against the wall of the basket. Her backside was unprotected and her opening was easily lubricated enough for me to slip my erect cock into her pussy. Her breasts were poking over the side of the basket, and her clitoris unprotected from my hands. I reached around and began to push up and down on her clit, and she began to squeal in delight.

Her pussy was heavenly. Not too tight, always well oiled and the woman fantastically sexy. Tara was vocal as I rammed my rock hard spear into her unguarded pussy. She screamed with every thrust, exhaling deeply and showing the world she was getting a right good fucking.

I was so near orgasm, I could feel my semen welling up inside me. Tara had already climaxed once, her strong pussy muscles clamping down on my cock that I was giving her. I held out for as long as I could but I came, as strong as Tara's orgasms and pumped my baby batter into Tara's pussy that caused her to groan in delight.

We stayed there for a few moments. Obviously, most of the crew had seen Tara getting screwed but it didn't matter. She stood there panting away, her muscles clamping on my cock and milking it for all the juices it had, before we disengaged. 

Then we felt it. A rain drop. Then another. And another. And another. I wanted to cuddle up to Tara afterwards but we looked up to the sky. Bright summers day had given way to a summer shower and were right at the top of the ship, exposed! Tara yelped as the cold rain drops soaked her naked skin.

`We better get down', cried Tara and without saying anything else she stuffed our clothes into a bag and began to descend the ladder to the Upper Deck.

It took only a few minutes but the smattering of rain quickly turned into a torrent. It was bouncing off the deck when we hit the vessel, but as we ran for cover, we were hit by a mountain of jeers coming from all over the ship.

`What was he like', cried Tabatha at Tara as we threw ourselves down the steps and towards the Captains office. 
Chapter XV: The final night
Tara and I knocked on the Captain's door and upon being called in, two naked members of her crew burst in her office dripping wet.

She burst out laughing and got up from her bureau. Looking down at Tara's thighs that had my cum dripping down it she scraped her finger up her leg and held it out in front of Tara. 

`You have been a busy boy, haven't you', she said looking at me. I nodded, cold and self-conscious. It was irrational. I was often naked in front of the Captain but this time it was so different. 

The Captain put her finger upto Tara's lips, who opened her mouth for the Captain to insert. `Lick them clean, you filthy slut. Enjoy his taste'. Tara did as she was told and the Captain guffawed. We sent out of her quarters to have a shower each and get changed. 

`What was that all about?', I asked Tara and she shook her head. We head one last cuddle outside followed by a passionate kiss.

`Oh and mind your back', Tara warned me. `I just got the feeling that your loyalties must be tested'

`Why?', I asked.

`Just a hunch' she said. `And you don't want to fail'

The Captain was in a good mood at dinner, and she joked with all the offices at the Captain's table. I felt better now that I was washed and dressed again. She still referred to Tara as the `dirty slut' when talking to Anne and I blushed &#8211; that didn't go unnoticed. 

The evening was glorious. The Sun was still lingering in the night sky and it was very warm. I was glad to get out of hot, airless galley onto the breezier deck but it soon filled up. 

The Captain arrived shortly afterwards and sent for the mat. `There is to be a special match tonight', she warned and looked at me. I felt my heart sink. Tara vs me.....I just knew it. It seemed to good to be true with the Captain letting Tara and I enjoy an hour or two of fun. It was just too good.

I was wrong &#8211; well partly. As the entire crew crowded round the mat I stood next to Tabatha and waited. Lieutenant Ruth had donned her usual blue ringmasters outfit and was waiting for the mat to be set up and for Seawoman Alice to retrieve the box of nasties for the losers. 

The Captain took centre-stage and addressed her crew. It had been a trying voyage she said, and was proud of each and every one, but for the final night, she wanted to fight. And she wanted to fight....me!

My heart sank. I didn't want to fight my Captain. She had done so much for me since I was found on the ship. Everyone had told me that by rights, she should have thrown me overboard, but yet here she was wanting to fight me.

Then it occurred to me, was this my test? I was so deep in thought, Tabatha had to prod me, for me to get ready. The Captain had already taken off her boots, and her jacket. Was this the Captain's way of checking my loyalty, I thought as I took off my boots slowly. It had to be. This was for me to lose &#8211; after a good fight, obviously, so the Captain would strengthen her grip on the crew and gather more respect. Lisa aside, I didn't have a bad record in the wrestling! 

I took off my jacket and passed it to Tabatha. She was smirking at me. I think she knew what I was thinking.

I faced the Captain from the other end of the mat and bowed towards her. She fixed my eyes with a steely gaze and Ruth started the contest.

Like so many of my contests, we fell into each other immediately, both scrapping to try and gain some sort of commanding position. The Captain was strong, and was beginning to pin me down when I rolled out of it, scrambled to my feet, and pounced on her in a rugby tackle. Landing on top of her, I scrabbled to grab hold of her shorts, but she managed to push me off, and we retreated to opposite ends of the mat.

Sizing each other up for a moment, I became aware of the crews shouting and jeering. They were rooting for a victory for their Captain, but I wasn't an unpopular contestant, as when we came together and I pushed her on her back there was still some cheering as I neared a victory.

It was a victory I couldn't take, and instead of pouncing for the kill by seizing her legs I faked a stumble and allowed her time to regain her footings. 

I knew that the longer this went on, the more in danger I would be to doing something I shouldn't and therefore I concluded that I would have to lose quickly. Coming together for a third time, I let the Captain overpower me, and with my neck pinned against the floor with right hand, she calmly slid down my shorts with her left. 

I lay there panting for a few moments. I was genuinely out of breath but saw that the Captain was up immediately, holding my plundered shorts aloft. I could hear cheering and some jeering being directed at me.

The Captain held her hand out to me, and I took it, with her helping me to my feet. `Too strong for you, Cabin Boy?'

`Way too strong for me in the end', I told her so everyone could hear, and she beamed. 

`Go choose your forfeit unless you want the Monster up your backside?'

`No Captain', I told her and scurried away to the box. I choose the smoothest and smallest strapon that Ruth had &#8211; a bright pink affair with a pink leather harness. Ruth had squirted some lubricant in my hand that I eagerly rubbed up and down the shaft of the bright pink dildo and my butthole. 

`You like pink then?', the Captain cried as I gave it to her. The dildo was only about 5inches long and less than an inch wide, but as the Captain strapped it to her, it looked menacing and vicious. 

`On your back, Cabin Boy', the Captain called out to me and that raised a cheer. `I want you to see your Captain as you are fucked'. I&nbsp; tentatively laid down on the mat and waited for the Captain. 

`Tara....Georgina.....do the honours please', the Captain asked and the two sisters stepped forwards, one either side, and each lifted one of my legs up so they were almost vertical.

I cried out in surprise as my feet were suddenly hoisted off the ground. Tara was looking directly at me and I smiled at her. I didn't expect to see her smiling back.

I didn't have any time to interpret any of Tara's body language as the Captain was ready to penetrate me and take my anal virginity. I was relaxed....I had to be as the cold tip of the pink dildo was pressed against my anus and she was applying pressure. I closed my eyes and relaxed my muscles as much as I could. It felt weird. Very weird. But not unpleasant. The Captain's fake cock slid into my virgin rectum and I gave a small sigh. I could feel a stirring in the recesses of my rectum. A guilty pleasure I had not experienced before. 

The Captain left it there for sixty seconds or so before gently rocking back and forth. I felt full. Like an incredibly big shit needs to come out, yet ever so slightly fulfilled in a way I had never ever felt. I felt pressures in places I didn't know existed and I could feel my cock become harder. 

The Captain was leaning over me and began to gently fuck my arse. She barked at me to watch her as she did it and I brought me eyes away from the baying crowd onto her. The rubber cock was going deep into me, her crotch pounding against my body.

I could only sigh, moan and enjoy the experience. Something that I had never thought I would ever feel. My eyes were watering slightly, but it felt so nice. My body was tingling with arousal, My rectum warmly burning an intense horniness that was so adorable.

And the Captain. She was smirking at me. Her Cabin Boy taking her fake cock to the hilt. 

She pounded my arse again and again and I could not hide it. I groaned, screwed my face up and quickened my breathing. My Captain was buggering me to orgasm, and it felt incredible. I felt a hand around my cock and looked up to see Georgina's fist gripping it. 

`Are you going to come for your Captain?', Tara asked me and the Captain laughed. 

`Pump it. Make him come', she cried at Georgina and as the Captain's cock rubbed against my prostate, Georgina began to pump my cock up and down.

It was too much. Too much for me and within seconds of Georgina touching me, I could feel it. The incredible warmth of my loins from the Captain combined with the direct stimulation from Georgina had me on the edge.

I cried out, animalistically and looked up to see the Captain smirking.

`Ahhhhhhhh', I yelled and felt my orgasm break over me. I looked down to see spurts of semen fly from my cock and onto my shirt. As the Captain saw my cum hit me she slowed down to a stop and then detached herself, and her fake cock from my arse. 

`You filthy, dirty animal. Coming from your Captain dishing out punishment', she told me, her voice clearly playing to the crew. `Get out of that dirty clothing'

I stripped off my shirt and Tabatha took it. I stood there naked &#8211; the second time that day I had been naked on the main deck before I was sent to the Captain's quarters. The Captain disengaged herself from the fake cock and then allowed the girls to set up their own contests before joining me in her quarters a few minutes later.

She threw me my shorts and boots and sat down at the bureau pulling out her log book. Contained within was four pieces of paper that were covered in her handwriting.

`This is my report to the Admiralty for this voyage', she explained. `....and this bit is the bit I need to fill in &#8211; Personnel. Or what happened to the crew. Or more to the point. What happened to you, Lisa and Holly. You know the Admiralty are going to pay extra attention to what you do, and after the last voyage with the trial I thought I would set you another test to see where your real loyalties were. To yourself. Or to me.'

`To you, Captain. Always', I told her truthfully.

`I know. I thought as much after we encountered the cargo ship earlier in the voyage, but I needed to be sure.'

`So that match was a test', I asked her, still standing there naked. The Captain had not told me to get dressed and I was not going to presume anything. 

`Of course it was a fucking test', the Captain told me, barely suppressing her smile. `But you passed it'

`Thank you Captain'

`Now, piss off as I have a report to write, but remember something......by keep having sex it will drive up your sex drive......and I can control your sex life on land as well as on sea' 

`Yes Captain'

`So don't be too blatant with your lust for Tara or I might just get jealous'

`Yes Captain' I told her and left her quarters, getting changed outside her room.

Tara was waiting for me on top of the deck. She was smirking but kissed me as I reached her.

`How is my little anal whore?', she asked me in a patronising voice.

`It was a test, and I passed', I told her but she seemed unmoved. 

`Of course it was a fucking set-up, you retard. I told you as much', her voice not breaking into scorn or annoyance but not totally friendly. 

`Oh and she gave me a warning. Don't be blatant with your lust for Tara or she might just get jealous. What does that mean?'

Tara put her head on one side for a moment and turned to me. `It means if you keeping looking like the only person you want to fuck is me, then she will make it so you don't'

`Do I do that?'

Tara looked at me and shook her head. `You can be a right moron at times'

Yeah, Cheers Tara.


Chapter XVI: Ashore
The Captain was awake when I entered her room. She was busy reading the reports that had been left under her door by the night crew and my first thought was that I was late, but she didn't say anything and I was awoken by the night crew at dawn.

I had with me a breakfast tray for us and she nodded at my arrival.

`Morning, John', she called out and passed me the reports. I took them and skim read them. We were to hit Hamilton within eight hours and there had been no ill discipline during the night except for Holly getting drunk and falling asleep. She had been soundly whipped for the transgression.

`What do you think of Holly?', the Captain asked me as I bit into my toast. 

`Holly?', I replied and thought. `Nice enough girl, too immature at times but good when she gets down to it'.

`Hmmmmm', the Captain pondered. `Trouble is....is she right for this vessel. I have to submit a report of our trip. Most of it is written already, but the bit about Lisa and Holly is causing me problems.'

`Well.....she is enthusiastic. And....er....good when she applies herself'

`Yes, I know. But is she OK at 16? Is young. And I didn't like her attitude at the start of our voyage.'

`It is young. It would be better if she could gain more experience on the ship without all the responsibility', I told her and the Captain looked straight at me.

`Excellent.', she cried. `A Junior Seawoman position on each team. A finishing position for pirates who narrowly failed their final tests to get them up to grade'

`Wouldn't a Junior Seawoman be a Seagirl?', I asked a little flippantly and the Captain smirked and then continued. 

`We could have three of them. Holly would be ideal for one of them. And the Lieutenants on each team would be responsible for training them. At one stroke we bridge our manpower shortage, the training issue and work out what to do with Holly. I shall write my proposal for the Admiralty immediately'

`Yes Captain'.

`John....I want to left in peace this morning. Relay this to the Commander Anne and then piss off'

I nodded and left the room with the dirty plates from breakfast. The entire crew were excited about making land shortly and the deck was a hive of activity. Commander Anne was happy to not have the Captain around and I was soon running errands for her and not the Captain.

`Land Ahoy', yelled Georgina from the Crows Nest and there was a rush to the front of the boat. No-one would be able to see it immediately, but before too long, it soon appeared. I ran to get the Captain who was set to come anyway and together the entire crew navigated the boat towards the jugged coastline.

Hamilton soon appeared and for the first time in many days we docked at the little plaza outside Portcullis House. Commander Penny came running out to see the Captain who greeted her warmly.

`Good trip?', asked Commander Penny and the Captain nodded. `Eventful. Had worse returns', and before long the entire crew were piling into the platform to await for the train. 

Everyone that is, except me. I was to wait at Portcullis House. Technically, I was not a member of the crew yet, and wasn't allowed to be unaccompanied on the military base, but could stay as Portcullis House.

I said goodbye to all the crew and then watched as they left Hamilton, somewhat lonely. I was especially sad to see Tara and the Captain leave but Tara had given me five gold coins before she left &#8211; one tenth of the reward she got from my first haul &#8211; to spend in Hamilton.

In fact, I had little time to feel lonely over the next two days. The ship needed emptying and cleaning. I also managed to bag a pass from Commander Penny that enabled me to come and go to Hamilton for the day and with the five gold coins I managed to put four in a bank account and traded the last one for five hundred florins.

I spent fifty of these florins at a tattoo parlour having the words Property of Captain Rachel&nbsp; inked on the top of my right arm. I could scarcely await the return of the Captain to show her the handiwork of the tattoo artist, but on the third day I received a letter from her.

Dear Cabin Boy,
We will be returning on Friday. Make sure the ship is completely clean as we will want to set sail immediately. You will want to know the Admiralty still demand that you accompany the ship and that we will need two more young girls to take to the seas as a Junior role. I will let you choose if you wont fuck it up.

You will also want to know that Seawoman Lisa, Commander Anne and Lieutenant Tara got promotions permanently and we will need new signs made up for Annes quarters and the Navigation Room. Make sure that this happens.

My wound has healed completely. I look forward to setting sail.

The Captain.

P.S. You are to remain celibate until I return on Friday.

I re-read the letter over and over, glad for Tara that she did get her promotion she so desperately wanted, but also that the Captain felt the need to write to me.

Friday just couldn't come soon enough. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John.Salach


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





