BDSM Library - naughty secritary




naughty secritary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   women is cought in the super market by her boss dressed inapropratly he waits untill work to see if she has change....to his liking she hasnt.






Naughty secretary 

 was in the supermarket but did not notice you at the time but you did me. you was going to say see you later at work but just as you went towards me you saaw i was not wearing a bra - my top was gaping and you could see all but my nipples - but they were hard and you could see the shape of them anyway. you thought you would wait till i came to work and see if i still had it off.

So later when i came in you made a point of calling me into your office and sure enough you could see clearly my hard nipples sticking out. So you asked me to get some files out of the bottom drawer and as you looked down I could see your breasts and nipples. you had to sit down to avoid your hard cock jumping out of your trousers. As you watched me bend down to pick up some files my skirt got caught on the arm of the chair and exposed my bum - no panties either. you could see my bum hole quite clearly.

you thought it was you birthday and saw your chance to have some fun. So you told me to shut the door and put the engaged sign up. you then told me what you had seen and that you was going to punish me for being so dirty and naughty. you told me to let my breasts hang out of the top and saw my nipples were hard so you took two papers clips and put them on my nipples, they went red and were pinched.

Then you told me to bend over the desk and you slowly lifted my skirt and with my ruler gave me a smack and then i had a red mark across my cheeks. you then took the ruler and slipped it between my legs and let it rub along my pussy. 

i were moaning and demanding you fuck me but this was supposed to a punishment so you took two more paper clips and put them on my pussy lips - i was wet and it was slippery but they stayed on and i was desperate to get them off, my nips were still hard but the paper clips were digging in.

you gave me two more thwacks with the ruler and then took your cock out and told me to take you in my mouth - all of it and let you slide in and out. i was still bending over the desk and you put a pencil in the crack of my bum and told me to clench it and hold the pencil there.

 i was so much in pain and tired from giving you oral, the paper clips and trying to clench my bum that i cried just a little and then peed a little. you decided i had had enough punishment and let me wank you so that I came over your tits,

As i was leaving you gave me your pants to wear and said you wanted them back later but only when i had come in them and they were nice and wet. i did this an hour later. So don&#8217;t ever come to work without panties on again! Unless i tell you to! 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  shona wood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





