BDSM Library -  the time has come




 the time has come
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: the meeting of a girls first time described on things that will happen






The time has come.


One day I will come to you , I am standing just inside the room I smile and you upen your arms and i come forward to you entering the bedroom properly .

 i will be wearing a nice skirt an shirt with buttons down the front ,underneath a nice pair of knickers and a lacy bra holding my erected tits.
I gently tap at the door you say come in and you enter and come forward you take arms and hug me ,its feels so nice to relax your arms you pulling me you closer i look up and you gently kiss my tongue parts my lips and i start to melt as warm feelings run through my body you feel my breasts hard against your chest.

 you hold me close with one arm as one hand slips down to caress the cheeks of my curvy bum. Waves of lovely feelings sweep through my body as your tongue showers my neck and ears with little butterfly kisses .
you then stand back and smile and gently undo the buttons down the front of my shirt the excitement has caused my breasts to strain against your shirt as you undo the button my breasts burst forth.

you smile you have such lovely tits I want to eat them ,i smile back. you swiftly put your hands behind my back and undo my bra and my tits from the bra you cup each one in turn your hand caressing the nipples feeling them harden then you take them move towards my legs feeling me wave after wave of pleasure sweep through my body i have never felt such joy i have waited so long for this moment it is just so good As your mouth continues to send waves of pleasure on my tits your hands go down to the waistband of my skirt.

.you tug at the waist band and my skirt drops to the floor .i smile and step out of it as i remove my shirt and bra which had been pushed uop so you could play with my tits.i stand before you naked but for a small pair of lacy pink knickers .you tell me to turn round, you have a lovely bum 

,I will take delight in spanking that when your a naughty girl ,you put my hand in your knickers and gently massage the cheeks tweaking my tight bum hole as you do so you then turn me round and look down you notice my knickers has a damp patch ,your getting over excited and you give me several playful but hard slaps on the bum. ow but i smile i know its playful you push my knickers down and i step out of them you kneel down a feast my eyes on the delightful bush and the wonderful pink slit below which you know you want you to have. You start to to lick and taste my juices as i tremble with pleasure and anticipation, I get up and lead you over to the bed

you lead me over to the bed and push me down and i lay there trembling with anticipation quickly pull clothes off and i smile as your hard cock is ready i stretch and take your cock in your and gently kiss it .you say later pushing me down and join me on the bed and start to kiss my lips my neck my shoulders then run your tongue down to my tits feasting on each hard nipple in turn .you then rool me over and kiss my shoulders running your tongue down my spine kiss and lick both cheeks of my rounded bum flicking your tongue over my tight bum hole. 

turning me over and suck my tits again before trailing your tongue over my smooth belly to my parted thighs running your tongue up and down my inner thighs before gently running your tongue over my bush and down to that lovely tight pink clit i do want you to have 
Your head goes down licking ,gently biting my clit your tongue tastes my sweet juices you gently probe my pussy with your fingers pull them out and lick them then poke your fingers in gently stretching but getting them all wet ,pulling them out and putting them in your mouth so you can have the joy of tasting your wet pussy .
My head goes down again to explore with your tongue, I taste so sweet as your tongue enjoy s my clit i bring your hands down to hold your head .

One of your hands goes up to play with my hard nipples while the other gently probes my tight bum hole .
i feel good ,its all so wonderful ,i feel a wonderful stirring of my body ,it comes alive great waves of pleasure sweep over me , my whole body starts to shake, i buck and push against your face the pace of my breathing grows faster and faster i thrash about with abandoned joy ,it is all so good ,my heart beats increase then i explode with pure pleasure it is wonderful my 1st orgasm im still a virgin but have a taste of the pleasures to come you take me in your. arms my little darling sweet and so loved, you feel so good

WE way in each others arms very close cuddling and hugging you theI say you have been a good girl today you have your 1st orgasm ,and your going to have so many .You have been a good girl to day but you have been very naughty in the past so you are going to spank you, and you know what will happen in the future. get off bed and stand up , bend over ,i bend over and before i know what has happened you are spanking my lovely bottom blow after blow rains down i feel the wonderful stinging feeling as my bottom turns red. I feel good you know that i am loved and the punishment is a sign that you care about me when you Finnish you say lay on the bed .i lay n the white sheet with my glowing red bottom taring at you from the white sheet you bend down and gentle lick my lovely cheeks with your tongue. then apply some cooling balm and rub it in well.
you then turn me over and you take me into your arms and hold me close you kiss and cuddle me, as you do i feel your hard cock and then i know that more wonderful things are going to happen xxxx



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  shona wood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





