BDSM Library -  just rewards




 just rewards
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Mutual adultery leads to husband's humiliation






I've been married to Susan for just over twenty years. We have an eleven-year-old son, Mark. I admit, I haven't been completely faithful to her. Once, almost five years ago, I was on a nine-month out-of-town assignment in Daytona, Florida. I met a nice lady, Melissa, and we had an affair for about three months. The affair ended when the assignment was finished and I returned home. After I'd been back home for about a year, I took Susan's car to work so I could drop it off nearby for a tune-up. Susan used my car. While she was out shopping, she found a card from Melissa in the trunk, along with some other things.

Susan was waiting for me when I got home.

"What's this," Susan calmly asked me, waving a card in my face.

I recognized the card after a minute. My heart sank. I had forgotten about the affair, and the card brought back the memories. It was the card Melissa gave me the last night we spent together. She was upset that I was leaving. She had no idea I was married; I told her that my company was transferring me to another city. I was sort of glad I was leaving; I was afraid that Melissa was falling in love with me and I'd have to tell her I was married.

I decided not to lie. "It's a going away card from Melissa, after I finished up in Daytona."

"And who was Melissa? A co-worker?"

"Not exactly."

"She signed the card, "Love Steve". She said she was going to miss you terribly. She sounds like she was close to you. Did you have an affair with Melissa?" Susan's voice was getting louder, but she still seemed calm.

"Yes." 

"I'm not surprised." Susan walked over to the sofa and sat down. "I've suspected you've cheated on me."

I walked over to the love seat next to the sofa and sat down. I didn't know what to say. I didn't mean to hurt Susan, but I know that I did.

Susan looked at me. "Why did you leave this card in the trunk? Why didn't you throw all this away? Did you think I'd never find it? Did you just not care if I did? I know our marriage hasn't been the greatest, but why have you cheated on me rather than talking to me about whatever problems you have with me?"

Susan hadn't yelled. She was surprisingly calm about the whole affair. I think I'd have felt better if she was yelling at me. "I was out of town, and I got lonely. I happened to meet Melissa one day after work, and we hit it off. One thing led to another, and we had an affair."

"Do you love her?"

"No. It was an affair."

"Do you love me?"

I should have answered "Yes" quickly. I hesitated, then I said "Yes."

"I see. And an affair is how you show your love for me?"

"No, it's not. I'm sorry I hurt you."

"You're not sorry you had the affair, you're just sorry I found out."

I hesitated. I didn't want to tell her the truth.

"Never mind. Your silence tells me how you feel. I'm not particularly upset about the affair, but I'm upset that you don't feel you can talk to me about our marriage. You're obviously not happy, but rather than talk to me about it, you go and cheat on me. I may not have been able to change anything, but you didn't even give me the chance to change what's bothering you."

I didn't know what to say. Susan was right. I didn't want to confront her. "You're right. I didn't give you a chance." I thought about whether or not it would be helpful to bring up old arguments now. "I still need to be tied up and dominated." I was the one that wanted to play the bondage and domination games.

"That again. You know that I hate doing that. Did Melissa dominate you?"

"She tried to. We weren't together long enough for her to get good at it."

"I tried. I tried for a couple of years to be the dominant you wanted me to be, but I hate it. I hate doing it."

"I know."

"Is that why you had the affair. To find someone to dominate you?" Susan seemed genuinely curious.

"No, not at first. After we hit it off, I told Melissa about my desires. She wanted to please me, and tried, but she'd never dominated anyone before. I had to teach her everything. She wanted to learn, to please me, but she wasn't a natural dominant like you."

"I don't know why you think I'm such a great dominant. I hate the way I feel when I'm dominating you."

"I'm sorry that you hate it, but you're smart and you knew exactly how to torment me in any given situation. You came up with two or three really good original torments when you had me tied up."

"I was trying to make you happy. I didn't enjoy dominating you."

"I don't want you to dominate me all the time. I just want you to dominate me sometimes in the bedroom."

"I tried, but I just can't do that."

"I know you tried. I'm not blaming you, but sometimes I just need to be dominated sexually."

"I don't like it, but I can see why you'd had an affair. Is this the only affair you've had?"

"Yes Susan, this is the only one."

The rest of the evening was cordial, but chilly. Our relationship was strained by the affair, but after a while things settled back into a familiar routine. At Susan's urging we saw a marriage therapist for almost a year, but the therapist wasn't able to help us get emotionally closer. In spite of the failure of the marriage therapy, our relationship was actually improving until last February. 

I went into the hospital to have my gall bladder taken out. There were complications, and I was in the hospital for over a week. When I came home I was bedridden for another couple of weeks. Susan and Mark took care of me, and I tried not to be much of a bother, but I'm sure I was. After about four weeks of bed rest, I was feeling much better. I was finally horny, and able to move around. I masturbated a couple of times, but I wanted to have sex.

One evening I was downstairs having dinner. I had been back to work for about a week. I was pretty much recovered from the surgery. After dinner Mark went downstairs to play on the computer. 

"Thanks for the great dinner."

"You're welcome." Susan got up to clear the dishes. I got up and started to help her. "You don't have to do that. I know you're still recovering."

"I'm feeling much better." We took the dirty dishes into the kitchen and put them in the dishwasher. "In fact, I want to take you upstairs and fool around."

"Are you sure you want to do that? You just had surgery?"

"I had the surgery almost six weeks ago. I think I'm up for this."

Susan looked down at my crotch. "Yes, I see you are. Let's go back into the living room."

We walked back into the living room, and sat down on the couch. I moved to kiss Susan, and she pushed me away. "We need to talk."

"What's the matter?"

"I don't love you anymore, Steve."

I was taken back. "What? What happened?"

"I met Arnold on the computer about four months ago in an MP3 chat channel. We hit it off and spent a lot of time at night chatting. We planned to meet in February, and I was wondering how I was going to sneak off to see him. You went into the hospital the day before Arnold and I had planned to meet. After I got you checked into the hospital, I left to meet Arnold. We hit it off, and we've been seeing each other while you've been recovering. I wanted to tell you about Arnold sooner, but I wanted to make sure you've recovered from your surgery."

I was surprised but not shocked. I had cheated on Susan; it wouldn't be fair if I got upset about her cheating on me. I calmed down. "Oh. What about us?"

"I want to stay together; I think it'd be better for Mark if we didn't separate. You don't mind if I keep seeing Arnold, do you?"

Of course I minded, but I didn't want to stand in Susan's way. "No, if you're happy with Arnold, then keep seeing him."

"Great. I didn't think you'd have a problem since you're so open-minded about affairs. I'm glad I could finally tell you. I was tired of keeping Arnold a secret from you." Susan leaned back on the sofa.

I really didn't want to ask but I had to know. "Do you still want to have sex with me?"

Susan scrunched her face. "Not really, no. I don't think I could be intimate with Arnold and you at the same time."

"I wasn't suggesting a threesome."

"That's not what I was talking about." Susan's voice was full of indignance. "I mean that I can only be intimate with one man at a time."

"If that's what you want, I don't want to stand in your way." I was feeling hurt, but I wanted Susan to be happy. If Arnold made her happy, then I was willing to step out of the way. Not happy, but willing.

It was hard for me the first couple of days, but after I got used to the idea I felt a lot better. Susan talked with Arnold on the computer and the phone late at night when I was asleep. I had a lot more time to spend on the computer early in the morning downloading porn. I made an effort to spend more time with Mark in the evenings. He was excited about Pokemon. We talked about Pokemon as much as Mark wanted.

A few months passed, and I thought our lives were settling into a routine. Susan and I were emotionally separated, and we arranged our schedules to see as little of each other as possible. She would go away every second or third weekend to meet with Arnold. I would make a trip to the nude bar on Saturday afternoon once every couple of months.

The routine was broken one Thursday a couple of weeks ago. I came home from work. I noticed Mark wasn't home, which was unusual. I went into the kitchen and found Susan putting the dirty dishes into the dishwasher.

"Where's Mark?"

"He's spending the weekend over at Aunt Sandy's."

"Oh. Do you have plans?"

Susan stood up and stared at me. "Now that you ask, yes I have plans."

I was a little surprised. "Ok. Are you making dinner, or do I need to get something for us?"

Susan commanded, "Go into the living room and wait for me."

"Ok." I went to the bathroom. Then I went into the living room and waited. 

Susan came out of the kitchen a couple of minutes later. She came over to me. "You know how you used to ask me to sexually dominate you."

I was curious. "Yes?"

"Well, I told Arnold about your desires, and he was curious about how I felt. We talked about it, and he's helped me to see that dominating you would be a lot easier and more fun now since I don't love you anymore."

I wasn't happy about Arnold knowing about my desires. "I'm not sure I want you to dominate me."

"Why not?"

"I'm not sure I trust you anymore. I want to be dominated, not tormented."

"If I remember correctly, you once told me I knew exactly how to torment you in any given situation. Sounds like you do want to be tormented." 

"Hmmm, yes I did say that."

"So, do you want me to dominate you?"

I thought about it. "I'm not sure."

"I want to dominate you. I think I'm going to enjoy it a lot more now." Susan commanded, "Take your clothes off."

"What?" I was surprised.

"You heard me. I want to dominate you. Take your clothes off," she commanded.

I stood speechless.

"Either you take your clothes off, or I'm leaving you. Do you want Mark and I to pack up and move away?" Susan was calm, but I could tell she was serious.

I didn't want to lose contact with Mark. Defeated, I sat down on the sofa and took off my shoes and socks. I stood up, unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. I took off my pants and underwear. My clothes were lying on the floor and I stood in front of Susan naked. I was a little scared. I had no idea what she had in mind for me.

"Go get a dining room chair, and bring it into the living room." Susan commanded.

I went into the dining room and picked up a chair. I brought it back into the living room.

Susan was sitting on the sofa. "Put the chair down and sit down," she commanded.

I put the chair down in front of the sofa and sat down. Susan got up and walked out of the room. I heard her come back into the room.

"Put your hands behind the chair."

I put my arms behind the chair. I felt Susan tying my wrists together. She tied my wrists to one of the slats in the back of the chair. She stepped around, and tied a rope to my cock, behind my balls. She wrapped the rope around each of my balls, and tied it off. She tugged on the rope.

"Ouch." The rope pulled on my balls, and the pain was dull, but noticeable.

"Good. I want your balls to hurt when I pull on this rope. I want to be sure I have your attention." Susan knelt down and tied my ankles to the legs of the chair. After she finished, she stood up, picking up the rope tied to my balls. "It's been almost a year since I've seen you naked. I haven't missed much."

I sat silently. I decided to go along with whatever she wanted to do. I didn't want to piss her off, not while she had me tied up like this.

Susan stood in front of me. "It's been a while since you've seen me naked. Do you miss me?"

"Yes."

"I bet you'd like me to take off my clothes, wouldn't you?"

"Yes." I didn't know what answer she wanted, so I might as well be honest.

"Maybe later. Right now I'm going to watch some TV." Susan sat on the sofa and turned on the TV. I could hear it, but I was facing the sofa. I was off to the side so she could see the show. I watched her watch "Fraiser" and "The Drew Carey Show". She tugged on the rope during the commercials, just to let me know she was in control. She changed the channel and watched "Friends", "Just Shoot Me", and "Fraiser". She turned off the TV.

"I guess I've made you wait long enough." Susan stood up and took off her skirt and blouse. She had kicked off her shoes while she was watching TV. She had a new burgundy satin bra and panties set on. She had on a matching burgundy garter belt, and light pink stockings. She looked nice, although I think the bra was padded. "What do you think?"

"You look beautiful."

"Thanks." Susan twirls around in front of me, showing off the back as well as the front. "Do you think Arnold will like it?"

I grimaced. "I don't know. I've never met Arnold. I guess so."

Susan sat down on the sofa again. She leaned over and opened the end table drawer. She pulled out a pack of Virginia Slims cigarettes and a lighter. She lit a cigarette, took a puff, and pulled on the rope. "You didn't know I started smoking, did you? Do you think I look sexy smoking?"

"I guess so."

"I've seen the pictures you've downloaded from the Internet, although I can't figure out what's so sexy about a woman smoking." She took another puff. Would you care to enlighten me?"

I didn't want to tell her, but Susan could hurt me if I didn't answer. "I find it arousing to watch a topless or naked woman smoke."

"So that's why you go to the nude bars. To watch naked women smoke?"

I didn't know that Susan knew that I went to the nude bars. "Yes, that's one reason."

"There has to be more to it than that. I thought cigarette smoke annoyed you."

"It does, yes."

"Then why is it so sexy when a naked woman smokes."

"I imagine that I'm restrained. The woman takes advantage of that to annoy me with her smoking. Since I'm tied up, I can't stop her from smoking. I have to let her do whatever she wants, including blowing smoke in my face or kissing me while she's smoking." I felt very vulnerable. I knew that Susan wasn't going to try to arouse me, but I was scared to tell her things she could use against me.

Susan laughed. "Oh this is just too perfect." She got up from the sofa and straddled me on the chair. Her breasts were in my face. She took a puff of the cigarette and grabbed the hair behind my head. She blew the smoke in my face. "I'm not topless, so I hope I'm annoying you even more."

I knew that Susan wasn't trying to be sexy, but I'd always imagined her tying me to a chair and teasing me just like this. In spite of the fear, I was getting aroused.

Susan blew smoke in my face and looked at me. "I can't be annoying you too much; I can feel you getting hard through my panties. Since you like this so much, it's not as much fun for me anymore." Susan got up and went back to the sofa. She yanked on the rope a couple of times. "That's for getting hard." She put the cigarette out and lit another. She picked up the phone and speed dialed a number.

Susan put the phone up to her ear. "Hi Arnold, it's Susan. Will you be here soon?" She smiles. "Great. I'm looking forward to seeing you too." She laughs. "Steve? He's right here next to me. Would you like to say hello?" She looks at me. "Arnold says hello." She puts the phone back up to her face. "I've got him naked and tied to a chair. I've been having some fun with him for a few hours." She takes a puff of her cigarette. "It's a surprise. I went shopping at Victoria's Secret. I think you'll like it." She uncrosses her legs. "See you soon. Bye."

Susan hung up the phone and looked at me again. "I guess you've figured out by now that Arnold is coming over. I've invited him to spend the weekend with me. Arnold and I will both dominate you." She laughed. "Arnold will stay with us through Sunday morning. I think it's time you got to know Arnold." She stood up with the phone and dialed another number. She walked over to me, and put the phone to my head. "I've called your office. Tell them you're sick and won't be in tomorrow."

I listened to the voice mail recording of my boss' phone. When I heard the beep I said, "George, this is Steve. I'm coming down with a bad cold, and I don't think I'll be in tomorrow. Hopefully I'll feel better on Monday. Bye."

Susan hung up the phone and sat down on the sofa. She put the TV back on. "ER" was on. She watched the rest of the show. The news was just starting when the doorbell rang. She turned the TV off and went to answer the door.

I heard a voice say, "Susan, you look fantastic." That must be Arnold. I couldn't see the entryway from where I was sitting, so I couldn't see them. They stayed in the entryway for several minutes, and by the sounds I guessed they were kissing. I heard Susan say, "Come on in and meet Steve." They came and sat on the sofa.

Arnold looked about ten years younger than me. He was about my height and in much better physical shape than I was. He had what you could call rugged good looks. 

Arnold spoke first. "Pleased to meet you Steve. Susan has told me so much about you." He put his arm around Susan's shoulders.

I wasn't sure whether I should say anything or not.

Susan glared at me. "Aren't you going to talk to Arnold?" She gave the rope a yank.

I winced at the pain. "Was your trip pleasant?" I didn't want to talk to Arnold, but I suppose I had to.

"Not too bad." Arnold gave Susan a squeeze. "But I'm glad I'm here now. I've been looking forward to fucking Susan for two weeks."

Susan grinned. "Why don't we take care of Steve first, then we can head up to bed."

Arnold stood up. "Great idea. Let's get his bondage stuff."

Susan got up and they left. A few minutes later I heard them come back into the room. I felt someone untying my wrists. As soon as the rope fell free, I felt handcuffs snap on my wrists. I saw Susan as she knelt by the chair and untied my ankles.

"Stand up." Susan commanded me.

I stood up. Susan locked my ankles into some ankle restraints I had. They were made of nine inches of iron, hinged on one side, locked with a padlock on the other. A three-foot length of heavy chain attached the restraints to each other. The restraints looked something like the chains used on a chain gang.

Arnold exclaimed, "Wow Steve, you have quite a collection of bondage equipment. I've only seen chains like that in movies!"

Susan stood up. "He's our prisoner now." She laughed and looked at me. "Arnold and I are going upstairs. Follow us."

Arnold fondled Susan's ass as they went up the stairs into the bedroom. I followed. I had to take each step one at a time because of the ankle restraints. I didn't want to fall down the stairs. When I walked into the bedroom Arnold and Susan were standing by the bed kissing.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





