BDSM Library - Expressions of love




Expressions of love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Female dom, poor male!






Lying on the sofa, I caressed my breasts, waiting. Ricardo would be here soon. I'd been over to his apartment several times, but this was the first time I invited him over to our home.

The doorbell brought me out of my daydream. I sat up, and went to answer the door. I looked through the peephole and saw Ricardo wearing a yellow t-shirt and jeans. I let him in. He noticed what I was wearing and grinned. I felt he would like my black garter belt and stockings, with matching black panties.

"Wow Maria, you look fantastic!"

"Thank you Ricardo." I smiled demurely.

I hugged him and he kissed me. He cupped one of my breasts in his hands and looked around the living room.

"Oh God Ricardo, that feels so good."

Ricardo smiled, and gave my breast a good squeeze. "Where's your husband?"

I could lie, and tell Ricardo he wasn't here. That would be the easy thing to do. That would be the safe thing to do. But I had to know how he would react to the truth.

"He's in the bedroom closet. Gagged and locked in chains. He'll hear everything we do in the bedroom, but he won't see anything."

Ricardo whistled. "Wow, that's mean!"

So far so good. At least Ricardo wasn't shocked. I might as well tell him the rest.

"You think that's mean? After I chained him up, I hung my bra on his stiff cock and told him to "hold" it for me while we fuck. If he lets it drop, I'm going to whip the shit out of him after you leave."

Ricardo looked at me, like he couldn't decide if I was serious or joking. Maybe that was too much information. I looked at him and he looked at me for what seemed like a long time before he bust out laughing. I wanted to do something, but he held me by my breast with my back pressed against him and laughed.

I wondered what Ricardo was thinking.

Finally, Ricardo stopped laughing. He twirled me around and gave me a big kiss.

Grinning, he exclaimed, "You are a seriously cruel bitch! Remind me never to get on your bad side!"

"Ok, I'll do that." I felt that went pretty well. 

Ricardo let me go, and sat down on the sofa. "Could you get me a drink, Maria?"

"Sure." I walked over to the bar, and poured Ricardo a neat scotch. I poured myself a glass of Merlot, and brought the drinks over to the sofa. After I sat down, Ricardo put his arm around my shoulder and gave my breast a playful squeeze.

"Can your husband hear us in the living room?"

"The closet is upstairs," I shrugged and pointed at the ceiling. "Maybe."

Ricardo leaned back on the sofa, and shouted, "In a few minutes, I'll be fucking your wife."

I giggled. I didn't know if Gregory heard him, but if he did, it probably helped him with his task. We finished our drink, and I led Ricardo upstairs to the bedroom.

I lay down on the bed while Ricardo undressed. He looked pretty good, with well-defined chest muscles, and a tight, cute ass. After he removed his clothes he sat down on the bed and lay down next to me. I rolled over to kiss him, but I could tell he was distracted.

Curious, I asked, "What's wrong?"

Ricardo looked sheepish. "I can't stop thinking about your husband, chained in the closet."

Shit. I was afraid Ricardo might react badly. "What are you thinking?"

Ricardo rolled on his side. "He can hear everything we say?"

I decided not to tell Ricardo about the microphone under the mattress, and the amplifier in the closet. "Yes."

"And this doesn't bother you? This doesn't bother him?"

"Gregory knows I've been going over to your apartment. He knows why I've been going over to your apartment."

"Knowing is not the same as approving. It's like you're rubbing his nose in our business, and I'm not sure I like that. I know I wouldn't like it if you were cheating on me."

I'm sure you wouldn't Ricardo, I thought. That's the reason we're fucking. You're young, masculine, sure of yourself.

I might as well tell Ricardo everything. "Ricardo, Gregory is happy we're having an affair. He wants me to have you as a lover."

"Why? Is he bad in the bedroom?"

I softly touched Ricardo's cheek. "No, he's not bad. It's just different between us, that's all."

Ricardo took my hand and kissed it. "Different? How is it different?"

I sighed. "Are you sure you want to hear this?"

Ricardo giggled. "You have more surprises? Yes, I'm curious. How is it different?"

I rolled on my back and stared at the ceiling. Where do I start?

"Gregory and I have an unusual sexual relationship. He worships me like a goddess, and our sex is all about my orgasms. In return, I treat him the way that most excites him. It arouses him when I'm mean and cruel to him."

Ricardo leaned over me and kissed me. "Ok. Go on."

"When we're in the bedroom together, Gregory is all about pleasuring me. He eats my pussy, uses a vibrator on me, whatever I want him to do to get me off. In return, I restrain him and tease him sexually."

"And he likes that?"

I nodded my head. "Yes, very much so."

"Wow!" Ricardo had his head propped on his hand. He looked at me intently. It appeared that he was interested in what Gregory and I did.

"What do you mean, tease him sexually?"

"I have Gregory's cock locked in a metal cock cage. He can't masturbate. He can't come unless I let him."

Ricardo's mouth fell open. "I've never heard of anything like that." His other hand covered his cock. "I wouldn't like that at all."

I rolled on my side and kissed Ricardo. "Don't worry. I won't lock up your cock. I like to play with it too much."

Ricardo laughed and relaxed. "Your husband likes you controlling him like that?"

I giggled. "He doesn't like it all the time, but yes, he appreciates it and wants me to control his orgasms."

"Wow. Is that it, you chain him up and control his orgasms?"

I rolled on my back. "No, there's more."

"More? Really? What else do you do to him?"

"Gregory is rarely allowed to touch my breasts with his hands. Most of the time, he can look at them, but he can't touch them."

Ricardo squeezed my breasts. "But I can."

I smiled. "Yes, and it feels wonderful. You've fondled my breasts more today than Gregory has in the last six months."

Ricardo laughed. "Really?" He squeezed and fondled my breasts.

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation until I heard Ricardo ask, "What else?"

I opened my eyes and looked at Ricardo. I could tell by the look on his face he was trying to make sense of what I was telling him, but it was difficult. I guess it was outside of his experiences, but I was glad he was curious.

"You know that I smoke, right?"

Ricardo made a face. "Yes, and I wish you'd quit. It's a disgusting habit."

I gave Ricardo a hug. "Don't worry, I won't smoke around you." After a moment, I rolled on my back. "Gregory gets aroused watching me smoke topless or naked. Yes, smoking is bad for me, but he makes me feel so sexy when I smoke. Smoking gives me a couple of other ways to tease him."

"Like what?"

"Well, I don't let Gregory kiss me unless I'm smoking."

Ricardo laughed. "That's mean."

I giggled. "I know. The other thing I do is tie Gregory to a chair, and straddle him. I let him lick and suck on my nipples, but only when I blow cigarette smoke into his face. If I'm not smoking, I lean back so all he can do is look at my breasts. He's so anxious to touch my breasts with his mouth and tongue, he begs me to blow cigarette smoke in his face!"

"Wow." Ricardo kissed me. "He really likes you to be mean to him?"

I smiled. "Yes. Being mean and cruel is how I express my love to Gregory."

"Wow. That's going to take some getting used to."

Yes, I thought. It took me a long time to associate meanness with love. Even though Gregory wanted me to act mean, begged me to act mean, it took me almost a year to feel comfortable with the association.

"Um, Maria."

"Yes, Ricardo?"

"When we fuck, can you keep your garter belt and stockings on? You look sexy."

I smiled. "Sure, but I have to take my garter belt off to take my panties off. I'll put it back on if you want."

Ricardo smiled. "I have a better idea."

The tone in Ricardo's voice pricked my curiosity. "Oh, what?"

"I'll get my knife, and cut your panties off."

I felt my pussy twinge. "Yes, that's a great idea."

I watched Ricardo get up from the bed, get his pocketknife from his jeans, and come back on the bed. Before I knew it, he held my arms above my head with one hand, and held the blade of the knife against my throat with the other.

My heart raced. Ricardo had been nothing but gentle with me, and now he was threatening me? I wondered if it was something I said, or my unusual relationship with my husband. If Ricardo wanted to hurt me, there was nothing I could do. There was nothing Gregory could do.

I looked at Ricardo's face, pleading with my eyes. He didn't say a word, and I didn't know what to say. He held his knife against my throat for what seemed a long time. Finally, mercifully, he took the knife away from my throat, and cut my panties off. I didn't breathe again until he put the knife down on the corner of the bed, and took me.

Still holding my wrists with one hand, Ricardo pounded me like a madman. I could feel how hard he was, but I was more scared than ready. I felt like he was using me to get off, rather than having sex with me. I knew I was going to feel sore for a while after this rough fucking.

Ricardo looked up at the ceiling as he exploded in an orgasm. I was relieved that he stopped pounding. My pussy was throbbing. I hadn't gotten wet at all. He pulled out and rolled over on the bed. I was stunned at how forcefully he had taken me. This was nothing like how we made love so many times before.

I was still dazed when Ricardo rolled over and kissed me.

"What's wrong, Maria?"

It took me a while to answer. "You used me." I looked into Ricardo's face, and he was smiling.

"Yes. I've thought many times about raping a woman, and I finally did it. It felt as good as I thought it would."

I felt angry seeing Ricardo's smile. I would have never imagined Ricardo capable of such selfishness, but he was. I wanted to slap that smile off his face, but I forced myself to calm down instead. I thought about what I heard him say. Now where did he get the idea that he could act so selfish? From our conversation, obviously.

I took a deep breath and centered myself. "Ricardo, I'm glad you feel comfortable with me. I'm glad I could tell you about my relationship with my husband. But you need to talk about your fantasies with me before you act them out. I was really scared."

Ricardo looked at me. "You were frightened?"

"Yes," I whispered.

Ricardo hugged me. "I'm sorry. I had no idea. We were lying in bed talking about how mean you are to your husband, and my urge just took over. Usually, I'm playing with myself when I think about raping a woman. I thought you would understand."

I kissed Ricardo. "I do understand. It's fine to have your thoughts, but you need to tell me if you want to act them out again."

Ricardo's face reddened. "I've never told anyone about my thoughts before. I like thinking them, but I didn't think anyone would understand. It's not good to rape someone, so I kept my thoughts to myself."

I hugged Ricardo. "I understand. I'm glad you feel comfortable with me. You can tell me what you think anytime. I can't promise we'll act on your thoughts, but you can tell me."

Ricardo cupped my breast and squeezed. "I'm thinking about you."

I smiled. "I'm a little sore, but if you hug and kiss me for a while, we can do that again."

Ricardo and I kissed and cuddled for a while before I got up on him. I was wet now, and by taking it easy I could ride him until he came inside me. He cuddled with me for a while.

I was lost in my thoughts and feeling Ricardo's body pressed against mine when I heard him say, "I could spend the whole night here."

I poked him in the ribs. "Nice try Ricardo, but I'm not leaving my husband chained in the closet all night. I care about you, but I love him."

Ricardo grinned. "I guess I should be going, then."

I sighed. "Yes."

Ricardo got up and got dressed. I got up from the bed and walked with him to the door. We kissed, he gave my breast one last hard squeeze, and he left.

As I walked back to the bedroom, I noticed the time. Shit. I locked Gregory in the closet almost 3 hours ago. I felt a sudden urge to have a cigarette, so I went to the nightstand and got one. I opened the closet door, and saw my husband, chained and gagged, standing there, trembling.

I took Gregory in my arms and hugged him until the trembling stopped. I took a puff of my cigarette, and blew the smoke in his face.

"My poor baby, you've been standing there for so long. I had no idea Ricardo would ask so many questions." I looked at my bra on the floor. I looked into Gregory's face. "Too bad you failed."

I picked up the flogger, swishing it in my hand. I put the cigarette in an ashtray, and whipped Gregory 20 times across his back. Seeing his body jerk after every smack made my pussy twitch. I put the flogger away and unlocked his chains. He slumped to the floor, exhausted. I stood over him and finished my cigarette, happy. I felt loved.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





