BDSM Library -  Finding tease and denial




 Finding tease and denial
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sexual teaser finds her submissive soul mate






As I reflect on the last two years, I realize that I'm lucky to have a man in my life that loves and worships me, and a man in my life that provides me with plenty of sexual pleasure.

Two years ago, I thought I was queen of the world. I had a nice apartment in Philadelphia. I had been with Ballard Spahr Andrews &amp; Ingersoll for almost seven years. During the day, I was a dutiful, mousy legal assistant. At night, I teased the men I met, either in clubs or online. 

I enjoyed teasing men and having men serve me. It wasn't too hard to find men willing to serve me. I'm attractive, and their willingness to serve me was how I determined which men I would spend time with.

The service could be simple and unobtrusive, like a man lighting my cigarette, opening a door for me, or pulling out a chair for me. The service could be more complicated. Other men, men I had more of a relationship with, would escort me to clubs or parties.

I would make my escort stay near me and watch me flirt. My escort was supposed to remain silent unless I signaled for him to interrupt my flirting and make an excuse for why we had to leave. I would signal if some man got too forward or aggressive with me. I not only teased my escort with my flirting, but I usually had the opportunity to tease several other men over the course of the evening.

The smoking and drinking helped me lose my inhibitions and relax. I flirted with any man I wanted. My low-cut dress usually kept his attention.

Most of the time, if he was a good boy, I would go home with my escort as his reward. If one of the men I'd flirted with was interesting enough, sometimes I would go home with him. If he was dominant, I would submit to what he wanted. It was relaxing, in that he directed the sexual activities and I could just let myself go and be swept up in the euphoric feelings.

If the man was more submissive, he would usually expect me to direct more of the bedroom activities. I would wind up on top of him, thrusting on his cock while he squeezed my breasts and played with my nipples. I enjoyed controlling the sensations in my nipples and pussy, deciding when and how often I wanted to orgasm. I would get angry if he came before I was finished, and insist he rub my nipples while I satisfied myself with my hand.

Even with my work and all the flirting and sexual activity going on in my life, I felt like something was missing. Now, as I'm writing this, I understand what was missing, but two years ago, I felt I was in control of my life. I wasn't. I felt empty, locked in the role that I created for myself, and didn't know what or how to change.

I remember looking through the Collarme.com listings one evening, reading the profiles of submissive and switch men. I received lots of messages through my profile on Collarme.com from men interested in meeting me, but almost all of the messages had the same theme. The men either wanted to serve me and fuck me, or they just wanted to fuck me. Rather than wait for interesting men to contact me, I looked through the profiles for interesting men. After all, I was a sensual domme, right?

I came across the profile of a switch man, and I did a double take. It was detailed, yet left a lot to the imagination. It was obvious that he had given some thought to his desires. It expressed the next level of tease, at least for me at the time. My fingers pressed against my clit while I read his desires over and over.

Seeking Tease and Denial

I'm looking for a woman that enjoys sexually teasing a man and enjoys sexually denying him even more. I'm seeking a live-in girlfriend to tease and torment me with her body.

I'm looking for a woman that would enjoy having a human sex toy to help her orgasm as much as she wants, as many times as she wants, while limiting my orgasms.

I'm looking for a woman that would enjoy locking up my cock, as well as restraining me at other times. I enjoy being bound and brought to the edge of orgasm several times before my cock is locked up for the night.

I have a preference for a casual or social smoker.

I'm not looking to act out a one-time fantasy. I'm not looking to meet with a woman every so often, or be her boy toy. I'm looking for a woman that would enjoy tease and denial for an extended period of time.

I'm looking for a sensual dominant. I enjoy being bound and teased by a woman. I would expect a dominant woman to be interested in various types of dominating, and she can have other play partners. She can also have other sexual partners, as I am interested in being cuckolded.

I looked at his profile picture. He looked rather plain, but then again, I wasn't planning to spend a lot of time looking at him.

I checked out where he lived. I didn't recognize the town, but a Yahoo maps query let me know he lived about two hours away.

I looked at his age. Damn, 44. 14 years older than me. Oh well, it was a fun fantasy while it lasted. The distance would have made it difficult to get together, but the age difference made it impossible. I shivered thinking about being sexual with someone that much older than me.

That night, sometime after I'd gone to sleep, I had a vivid dream. I woke myself up pinching my nipples. In the dream, I was lying on the bed while my sexual servant was eating my pussy. His face matched the face of the older man from Collarme.com. I recognized his body as the body of the last man I slept with.

I took out my Hitachi Magic Wand and held it against my clit as I thought about how nice it would be to have a sexual servant. I fanaticized about a nice twenty-something stud wanting nothing more than to satisfy me sexually as I vibrated myself to a couple of satisfying orgasms. I fell asleep again, exhausted and content.

The next couple of weeks were a blur of emotions. Public teasing no longer satisfied me. I felt like Eve after she'd eaten the apple. I knew now that there was more to teasing than displaying the top of my breasts, much more. I wanted a sexual servant to tease, but I wasn't willing to contact the man that introduced me to the idea.

I figured I would introduce the idea to the men I had grown close to. I picked George, the most submissive man I knew, to tell first. He was very interested when I called him and asked him to come over. I poured a glass of Sutter Home Moscato for the both of us, and sat down next to him. After a little small talk, and some hesitation, I blurted out that I wanted to tease his cock for a while, have him eat my pussy, and leave. I wanted him to sexually satisfy me and not expect anything sexual in return. I wasn't surprised at the shocked look on his face.

He let my request flow through his mind for a few moments, before he looked at me and slowly shook his head, no. I couldn't blame him, really. We'd had sex many times before, and I'm sure he was anticipating sex with me tonight. I took him into the bedroom, and tried to hide my disappointment as we cuddled and kissed. I let him pull me up on my hands and knees, get behind me, and pound my pussy with his cock.

Steve laughed in my face when I asked him to sexually service me. I was so embarrassed that I ran into the bedroom, closed the door, and flung myself on the bed crying. He was enough of a gentleman to let himself out of my apartment.

I dreaded asking any of the other men I knew. A week passed before I got the courage to ask Rick to be my sexual servant. His reaction was similar to George's. After we went to bed and kissed and cuddled for a while, he insisted on pounding my pussy in the missionary position. He held me down on the bed and took what he wanted from me. Even though we'd had pleasurable sex many times in the past, I felt violated when he finally came and rolled off me.

I spent two sleepless nights before I decided that I would have to contact the Collarme.com man to get what I wanted. I felt defeated as I typed the following message to him.

I read your profile with interest. You sound exactly like what I'm looking for.

I am curious, though. I see in your profile that you don't smoke. Why do you have a preference for a smoker?

Heather

He wrote back the next day. I trembled like a schoolgirl as I opened his response.

Hi Heather,

If I'm exactly what you're looking for, we ought to meet and discuss our mutual fantasy.

I have a preference for a smoker because I have a smoking fetish. I get aroused watching a topless or naked woman smoke. I also enjoy having a topless woman blow cigarette smoke in my face while she kisses me or lets me suck on her nipples.

Take care, Gilbert

I'd never heard of a smoking fetish. A quick Google search showed me lots of pictures and a few videos of smoking women. After an hour of browsing I was more confused than before. It seemed like the men had lots of rationalizations for their smoking fetish.

I decided it was time to write back.

Hi Gilbert,

Thanks for explaining your smoking fetish. I'd never heard of a smoking fetish before, but it sounds like something I'd enjoy satisfying.

You're right, we ought to meet and discuss our mutual fantasy. We live a couple of hours apart. My cell phone number is 555 829-1784. Call me, and we can make arrangements to meet this Saturday.

Heather

Gilbert called a couple of days later. We spoke on the phone, and he told me about a wonderful park on the Chesapeake Bay, with a really nice seafood restaurant. I almost choked when I saw on Yahoo maps that the park was more than an hour away, but he made the seafood restaurant sound very special.

As I drove to the seafood restaurant to meet Gilbert, I kept wondering if I'd made a mistake. While I wanted very much to have a sexual servant, I dreaded thinking about being sexual with someone so much older.

As I neared the restaurant, traffic stopped. Gilbert didn't tell me that the downtown was a fucking tourist attraction. After driving for an hour, the last thing I wanted to endure was bumper-to-bumper traffic. Finally, I found the right turn on South Cherry Street, and after a couple of blocks saw the restaurant on the left.

The restaurant parking lot was full, so I drove around the park looking for a parking spot. As I walked the two blocks back to the restaurant, I muttered to myself that this seafood restaurant had better be excellent, or I would be motivated to tie Gilbert to a lamppost and flog the shit out of him.

I saw Gilbert in the bar. He'd been waiting for a half hour, and he was perceptive enough not to say anything about my being late. He bought me a drink and we relaxed at the bar waiting for a table. His hair was much longer than in the picture, down past his shoulders. He didn't sound that much older than me when we talked, and knew some things about my favorite TV shows and bands.

I felt better by the time we were seated. It was an hour before dusk, and the view of the Chesapeake Bay through the huge windows relaxed me. After I got up and saw the 20 varieties of seafood available at the buffet, I decided that Gilbert had chosen wisely. I filled up my plate and made my way back to our table. I nibbled on Oysters Rockefeller and boiled shrimp while Gilbert talked about his drive and what he'd done that week. The restaurant was crowded, so we ate quickly and didn't talk much more. I was stuffed after three plates of seafood, and we decided to walk through the park so we could talk. So far, he seemed like a nice enough man.

We walked through the park until we found an empty bench facing the bay. We were far enough away from anyone else that we could talk about our fantasies.

I pulled out my cigarettes and lighter. I gave the Bic lighter to Gilbert, with these instructions. "I'm loaning you my lighter tonight. From now on, I want you to have a lighter with you whenever we're together. I expect you to light my cigarettes for me. Do you understand?"

Gilbert smiled and nodded. "Yes, Mistress."

I laughed. "You can call me Heather. I'm not stuffy about titles."

I put the cigarette in my mouth. Gilbert was awkward with the lighter. I guessed he hadn't had much experience lighting cigarettes.

I took a puff and asked Gilbert, "So, you outlined your tease and denial fantasy in your profile. Am I the woman you expected?"

He looked at my breasts and up at me. "Yes. You're much prettier than I expected."

I laughed. "You're letting me lock up your cock. You're promising me that you will service me sexually whenever and as much as I want. What are you getting out of this?" 

Gilbert looked sheepish. A few moments passed before he answered. "Basically, I get the company of a beautiful woman like you. In return, as you say, I will service you sexually whenever and as much as you want. I also give you control over my orgasms."

"Ah, now I understand why you're looking for a live-in girlfriend." I looked out at the calm waters of the bay. "You're not really interested in having your cock locked up, are you?"

Gilbert looked at me. "I'm not sure what you're asking."

I took a puff of my cigarette. "Would you still want me if I said I didn't want to lock up your cock. If I said you could masturbate as much as you wanted, as long as you ate my pussy whenever I asked?"

Gilbert looked confused. "You'd agree to that? Of course I'd want you. I thought I'd have to give a woman as young and pretty as you control of my orgasms to get her to move in with me."

"That's what I suspected." I took a puff of my cigarette. "Don't be silly." I couldn't help myself. I silently laughed at the thought. "Of course you have to give me control of your orgasms before I'd even consider moving in with you. You consider it part of the cost. I consider it part of the payment, so it seems we're on the same page."

The look of dejection on Gilbert's face was priceless. I don't consider myself mean, but verbal humiliation can be fun sometimes. The sun was setting behind us, so I decided to play a little game in the twilight. I got up from the bench and straddled him. I put his hands on my waist, took a puff of my cigarette, and blew it in his face. He flinched from the smoke and ogled my breasts right in front of his face. I was curious to see if he would try and grab them through my dress.

I blew smoke in Gilbert's face until I finished the cigarette. He kept his hands on my waist the whole time. Satisfied, I got up and we walked for a little while. He walked me back to my car and gave me back my lighter. I let him kiss me goodbye, and told him that the next step would be for him to spend the weekend with me. He agreed, and I gave him the address to my apartment before I got in my car and made the long drive home.

My plans for the first weekend were simple. After Gilbert arrived, he would strip and I would lock a cock cage on his cock. He would spend the weekend servicing me, sexually and non-sexually. When it was time for him to leave, I'd unlock the cock cage and watch him get dressed. He was bringing the cock cage. I had a small luggage lock of my own in case he hid a spare key for his lock somewhere. He was staying locked the whole weekend.

I had a hard time concentrating at work. Emotionally, I couldn't wait for the weekend to get here. Even after getting home Friday, I had to struggle to keep from playing with myself while I waited for Gilbert to arrive. I was sexually excited, but I wanted my first orgasm to be somewhat easy for him and memorable for me.

Gilbert arrived a few minutes early. I gave him a huge kiss after he came in my apartment. I watched impatiently as he put the cock cage, rope, leather restraints, and other bondage toys on my bedroom dresser. I watched him strip and was trembling as he handed me the cock cage.

I'd wondered how a cock cage worked. This one was a metal cage about 2 inches long. Leather straps fastened to the metal cage went around the balls and behind the cock and balls to lock the cage in place. Seemed simple enough, but no, it wasn't. After struggling with the cock cage for a couple of minutes, I found that I had to squat on the floor behind Gilbert and reach through his legs to properly lock it on. Talk about a mood killer. By the time I'd finally snapped the lock, I was so aggravated that all I wanted to do was lie down for a while.

Gilbert helped me off the floor and sat on the bed next to me while I rested. After a few minutes I felt better. I stood up and took off my blouse and skirt. It was cute watching his cock get as hard as the cage would allow, which wasn't much. I pulled him up from the bed, gave him a long kiss, and told him to get in the kitchen and make us dinner while I finished undressing.

After a few minutes, I came out, sat at the dining room table, and watched while Gilbert made us a chicken salad. I'd already cooked the chicken beforehand, so all he had to do was cut the chicken and vegetables, shred the spinach, and put the salads together. Sitting at the dining room table, naked, in control, made me feel a whole lot hornier. After we finished dinner, I pulled him back into the bedroom.

I lay down on the bed sideways with my legs hanging off the side. Gilbert knelt down by the side of the bed, and started licking my pussy lips. I was so horny that I didn't need any foreplay, so I instructed him to nibble on my clit. Usually, it takes me a while to relax and enjoy the sensations, but I was more than ready. Not only did I cum in a few minutes, but I also felt myself squirting. He didn't flinch, but I could see how wet his face was when I looked up. I giggled. It looked like I peed on his face.

I got up and got a towel for Gilbert to wipe his face. I felt like taking a shower after squirting that much, so I decided to bring him in with me. I rubbed all over him with the soap, and after I rinsed off, he rubbed all over my body with the soap. He spent some extra time on my pussy, which needed it, and my breasts, which didn't. I could tell he enjoyed fondling me, but since he couldn't get aroused, I didn't care.

After we dried each other off, we went to bed. Gilbert kissed and cuddled with me for about an hour before I got tired. I went to sleep with him pressed against my back, his arm around my waist, and I felt a contentment I hadn't felt in a long time.

When I woke up the next morning, I was alone in bed. Groggily, I remembered that Gilbert had spent the night, and I wondered where he was. I got up, not bothering to put a robe on, and went downstairs. I saw that he had straightened up the living room. Smiling, I found him in the kitchen cleaning up the counters. A girl could get very comfortable with this much service.

I gave Gilbert a big hug. He kissed me, and I felt myself melting in his arms. I held him until I felt steady. "Could you make me some coffee, Gilbert?"

Gilbert grinned. "Sure."

"Great." I put Gilbert's hand on my ass, and waited for him to slap it, before I went into the living room.

I put the TV on and relaxed until Gilbert brought me my coffee. I took the coffee, and patted the sofa. He sat down, and I leaned against him while I drank my coffee. I lay down on the sofa with my head in his lap, and watched a movie. He rubbed my side and stomach. Except for the cock cage poking the back of my head, I felt so comfortable and relaxed.

After the movie I felt a little horny, so I led Gilbert upstairs. I needed more foreplay this time, so I directed him to lick my pussy lips and clit until I was totally relaxed. When he saw me grab my breasts and squeeze, he nibbled on my clit until I exploded in orgasm. At least I didn't squirt this time. He licked me until the sensations were too much. I put my hand over my pussy, and rested.

I felt hungry, so I directed Gilbert to make a brunch for us. I sat and watched him from the dining room table. He knew his way around the kitchen, although he had to find where I kept things. I felt so naughty watching a naked man cooking for me. I'd never spent so much non-sexual time naked with a man before, and it felt wonderful.

Gilbert made a ham and cheese omelet and buttered toast. He brought a plate for me and poured some orange juice for me. I waited for him to bring out his food and sit down before I started eating. The omelet was yummy, and I felt so relaxed.

After brunch, I went back to the sofa. Gilbert cleared the dishes and put them in the dishwasher. He poured me another cup of coffee, and brought it to me in the living room. We watched another movie. After the movie, I was surprised at how horny I felt, and I brought Gilbert upstairs again for more oral sex.

After Gilbert got me off, I felt like I needed a shower. I pulled Gilbert into the shower. I washed him off, and he rubbed soap all over my body. I thought why not, and handed him the shampoo and conditioner. It felt so fantastic to stand there and let someone else wash and condition my hair.

We dried each other off, and went back downstairs to watch a movie while my hair dried. Gilbert didn't mind the towel wrapped around my hair, and I didn't notice the cock cage poking my head at all.

After the movie was over, I brought Gilbert upstairs to watch me while I dressed. After I picked out my clothes, I told him, "While I'm out shopping, you will clean my apartment. If you do a good job, we'll kiss and cuddle, and afterwards, you can clean my pussy just like last night. If not, I will tie you to this chair, and you can watch while I play with myself with my Hitachi Magic Wand."

"Yes Heather, I will clean your apartment," Gilbert replied. I finished dressing, and left. While out, I wondered if Gilbert was cleaning my apartment. I didn't care whether he cleaned or not, but I was curious to find out if he would do what I said. I spent a few hours at the mall, but I didn't see any clothing or shoes I liked. I stopped and picked up a few groceries for the week, and headed home.

I was hungry, so I had Gilbert put the groceries away and prepare more chicken salad. I took a quick glace around the living room and dining room before I sat down. It looked like he cleaned and straightened, but I wanted to see what the rest of the apartment looked like.

Gilbert was more familiar with my kitchen, so the chicken salad didn't take long. We sat down and ate. I looked at my naked servant, and thought about how he still seemed eager to serve me, even though I was fully dressed. 

After dinner, I decided to push Gilbert a bit. I went over to the sofa, and waited for him to straighten up the kitchen and come into the living room. Instead of having him sit on the sofa with me, I had him kneel in front of me, holding my ashtray and lighter. I sat on the sofa and read a couple of magazines while he knelt in front of me, lighting my cigarettes, and holding my ashtray. Since I was dressed, I wasn't sure if he enjoyed it as much as I did, but he obeyed me.

I decided it was time to do the apartment inspection. I walked into the kitchen, and saw that Gilbert had done a good job of cleaning. I had a quick thought to spill something on the floor, criticize him, and tie him to the chair. It felt wicked, but I knew that I'd be angry if someone did something whimsical like that to me.

I walked around the rest of the apartment, and it was evident that Gilbert had spent a lot of time cleaning and straightening. We went back into the bedroom, and I let him watch me get undressed.

We got into bed, and kissed and cuddled for a while. The time seemed to fly by. When I felt in the mood, I climbed on top of Gilbert in a 69 position. I was ready, and after a couple of minutes I had a pleasant orgasm. I rested for a while on his chest, and it felt great.

We got up and took a shower together. After drying each other off, we went back to bed and slept.

The next morning, Gilbert made us a nice brunch. After brunch, it was time for him to go home. I unlocked his cock cage, and his cock hardened nicely. For a moment, I was tempted to pull him back into the bedroom and play with it. I watched him get dressed, pack up his things, and leave.

I decided to spend some quality time with my Hitachi Magic Wand. I thought about how exciting it was that Gilbert wanted to serve my pussy and me as wave after wave swept over me.

The next day, I called Gilbert and told him that he had to find a better cock cage. We made plans for the next weekend, and decided that it was best if he came to stay with me again.

I tried not to think about the weekend while working, but my excitement was just too much. Time and time again, thoughts of Gilbert serving me interrupted my research. I felt so naughty thinking so much about the weekend. Finally, mercifully, the week ended.

I grinned like a cat when Gilbert arrived at my apartment. He showed me the new cock cage he'd ordered from JT's Stockroom. It was a solid metal cage, with a hinged metal ring that went behind the cock and balls. Brought together, the loops on the cage and ring met, and I could easily padlock the cage and ring together with my tiny luggage lock.

The weekend went just like the previous weekend, except I did tie Gilbert to the bedroom chair and make him watch me masturbate with my Hitachi Magic Wand. Looking over at him, watching his poor little cock try and expand in the metal cage, while I played with myself, led to three very satisfying orgasms. I felt wonderful and mean all at the same time.

The other mean thing I did was tie Gilbert to the bed and unlock the cock cage. Squirting some baby oil in my right hand, I slowly stroked his cock, wondering if he would come before I could stop. I needn't have worried. I could feel his orgasm building as I stroked, and stop before it erupted. I loved watch his body twitch each time I took my hand away from his cock.

Gilbert came and spent a few more weekends with me. I enjoyed his company on the weekends, but it took some time before I convinced myself that I should move in with him. I didn't want to take a chance on losing him by not making a commitment. He had the better job, and I thought it would be easy for me to find another legal assistant position in Washington DC.

I spent a couple of weekends at Gilbert's place just to make sure I could live there. I knew he was going to pamper me and make me a happy woman, but I wondered if he really wanted his cock locked up all the time.

I moved in with him on a Saturday morning. It took the whole weekend to get everything moved in and put away, so we didn't play at all.

On Monday, Gilbert had to get ready for work. He'd never left my apartment or his townhouse with his cock locked before. I locked the cock cage on, and watched him get dressed. After he got dressed, he stood and asked me, "Can you see it?"

I could barely see the lock through his pants, but I was looking for it. "It's visible, but just barely. It's up to you if you want to wear the cage to work."

"I'll give it a try."

"Great. Do you remember what I asked you to do?" I asked, smiling. 

"You mean kissing your pussy good bye and good night?"

I grinned. "Yes." I walked with Gilbert to the door.

At the front door, Gilbert knelt down and kissed my pussy good bye. I felt very naughty standing with the front door open and my robe open. He got up, and left for work.

I'd decided that I would wait a week before looking for work. We weren't going to miss the money, and I wanted to get accustomed to his neighborhood. I found the grocery store about a mile away, and bought some items for dinner.

Since Gilbert was working and I was home, I cleaned up the townhouse and made dinner. Yes, he was supposed to pamper me, but I figured I'd be nice and he'd appreciate my efforts. Once I was working again, we would go back to his serving me.

I was right. Gilbert was very happy to see dinner. We sat and talked about our day while we ate. I was amazed at how long a commute he had, and thought about looking for a legal assistant position closer to home. As we were finishing dinner, I asked, "How was the cock cage?"

"No one noticed. At least no one said anything."

I grinned. "Great. You're going to keep wearing the cage, right?"

Gilbert smiled. "I hope so. I've never worn the cage more than a couple of days."

"Let me know if something's wrong, and I'll unlock you."

"Ok." 

After dinner, Gilbert sat on the sofa and I lay in his lap. We watched some television, but I could tell that he was tired and we went to bed. We cuddled for a while. He kissed my pussy goodnight, and we went to sleep.

The next morning, I looked in the newspaper, and found a couple of law firms advertising. I made a few calls, and lined up an interview with Gordon, Feinblatt, Rothman, Hoffberger &amp; Hollander, LLC in Baltimore the following Tuesday.

Our weekday evenings were uneventful. Gilbert remained in his cock cage. I was happy, as I planned something special for him Sunday afternoon. He remembered to kiss my pussy good bye and good night, which felt wild. We usually had time before we went to sleep for mouth-to-mouth kissing and cuddling. I enjoyed the relaxed intimacy with him without the pressure of sex.

We had time to play on Saturday, and Gilbert spent the day serving me. In addition to eating my pussy whenever I wanted it, I had him kneel by the sofa and hold my ashtray for me while I sat and read for a couple of hours. It was a nice break in the work routine for him and homemaking for me.

After lunch Sunday, I tied Gilbert to the bed. I slowly stroked his cock until I felt his orgasm, at which point I stopped to stretch my fingers. To get a glass of water. To take a cigarette break. I left the bedroom a couple of times to get a snack and to make him wonder when I would return.

I loved the way Gilbert twitched when I took my hand away from his cock. If I timed it just right, he thrusts his cock into the air, desperately trying to cum. Even though his thrusts seem involuntary, I enjoy the way his body exposes his frustration.

After several hours of teasing, I finally allowed Gilbert to cum. He didn't squirt much, but I could tell by his trembling that he had a nice orgasm. I let him clean himself before I locked him in the cock cage.

I teased Gilbert's cock whenever I wanted, but let him cum maybe two or three times a month. I alternated the days when I allowed him to cum, so he never knew which night was a lucky night.

Gilbert and I were living together for a couple of months before I decided that my breasts should be off limits to his touch, unless I gave him permission. Now, he wasn't grabbing them all the time, but he'd gotten into the habit of lying against my back and fondling them while we were cuddling. He wasn't happy when I told him of my decision, and it took a couple of times tied to the punishment chair before he realized I was serious.

The punishment chair is an old dining room chair with six horizontal slats in the back that Gilbert bought at a yard sale. He took out the upholstered seat and replaced it with a piece of 3/4 inch plywood. I thumb tacked coarse sandpaper to the plywood.


I would tell Gilbert to get undressed and sit on the chair. The sandpaper encouraged him to sit as still as possible. After I tied his ankles to the chair legs, I would step behind the chair and decide which horizontal slat I would tie his wrists to. If I just wanted him to sit, I would pick the lowest slat. If I wanted him to suffer, I would pick one of the higher slats, which put a strain on his arm and shoulder muscles.

After Gilbert was tied to the punishment chair, I would stand in front of him, and tell him why he was being punished, and how long he was being punished for. As an example, after I told him my breasts were off limits, an accidental brush of my breasts with his hand earned two hours on the punishment chair with his wrists tied to one of the upper horizontal slats.

I usually went downstairs while Gilbert was tied to the punishment chair. I had better things to do than watch him suffer, and my absence was part of his punishment. Needless to say, between the sandpaper and the muscle strain, I didn't have to punish him more than twice for the same infraction.

Gilbert became more attentive after I made my breasts off limits to his touch. Honestly, I'm pretty sure he missed fondling my breasts way more than he missed having intercourse with me. His breast fetish made walking around the house topless so much more enjoyable. I loved teasing him, letting him see what he could no longer touch. 

I came up with a couple of games to tease Gilbert with his breast fetish.

In one game, I would tie Gilbert to the lounger, and straddle him. I let him lick my nipples while I blew cigarette smoke in his face. No matter how much I smoked, he seemed eager to lick my nipples and arouse me. Sometimes his licks would get me so worked up that I left him tied to the chair while I used the Hitachi magic wand to get off.

We played another fun game while watching TV. I sat on the edge of the sofa, while Gilbert sat behind me. He rubbed my shoulders and back while we watched TV. I would put a cigarette in my mouth, and Gilbert would have to light the cigarette without brushing his hand against my breasts. It made me grin every time I felt him press his chest against my back and reach way around me.

By the time we'd been living together six months, we were pretty settled into our routine. During the week, we'd play as time permitted. Usually, that meant Gilbert would eat my pussy and we would cuddle for a while before we went to sleep. Two or three times a week, I would tie him to the bed and tease his cock. Saturday was hit or miss, because we usually had to run errands and shop. Sunday was our scheduled play day, unless I had to work. I was happy with my life and I loved him, as I know he loved me, but something was missing.

I wanted to be fucked.

I wanted a man to want me, sexually.

Sure, Gilbert was fun to tease, and when we weren't playing, he was enjoyable company. But I knew that he wanted me as his tease bitch. I wanted a man to want me.

Gilbert mentioned in his profile that he would allow me to have other sexual partners. I wondered if he felt the same way now that we'd been living together.

I decided to ask him one evening as he knelt by the sofa holding my ashtray.

"Gilbert, your profile said I could have other sexual partners. Do you still feel that way?"

I could see his body tense for a moment before he relaxed. I'm sure I surprised him with my question.

"Yes Heather, you can have someone else if you want."

"Just one?" I teased. "What if I want several?"

Gilbert looked at me, trying to decide if I was teasing or serious. I let him think about my question for a while before I responded, "I don't have anyone in mind now, but I've been thinking about it. I miss fucking."

Gilbert looked down at the floor. "I'm sorry Heather, but I don't want to fuck."

I smiled. "I know. I don't want to fuck you either." I'm sure that hurt his ego, but it was true. "I want a man to want me. And now that I know you don't mind, I'll start looking."

At the time Gilbert and I had this conversation, I didn't have any guy in mind. I wasn't going to jump into bed with just any guy, but I kept my eyes open for an opportunity. Little did I know at the time that my opportunity would move into our neighborhood within a month.

One of the townhouses across the street went up for sale. I didn't think anything of it, until I saw the guy moving in. He wasn't handsome, but you could say that he had rugged good looks. I watched him carry his furniture and boxes inside from the rental truck. After a couple of hours, I decided to be a nice neighbor, and I brought him a couple of bottles of Heineken.

Most of his furniture was in his dining room, but he found a couple of dining room chairs and put them in the living room. He sat down and took a big gulp of the beer. "Thanks."

"You're welcome" I replied.

He looked me up and down, and I felt my body shiver. "What's your name?" he asked.

"Heather. What's yours?"

"Jake." He looked at my hands. "Are you married?"

Direct and to the point. I smiled. "I'm living with someone, but he's ok with me seeing other guys."

Jake laughed. "Not very good in bed, huh."

My first instinct was to defend Gilbert, but I decided that it would be better for me to let the comment pass. I shook my head yes.

"I thought so. Why do you stay with him?"

"Because I love him, he loves me, and we have wonderful times together."

Jake finished the first beer and opened the second bottle. "Outside the bedroom, right."

I smiled demurely. "Yes, outside the bedroom."

I sat quietly and watched Jake finish the second beer. 

He wiped his mouth with his sleeve and grinned. "Thanks for the beer."

"You're welcome."

I bent over to pick up the empty beer bottles, and Jake squeezed my ass. As I stood up, Jake stood up, took me in his arm, and kissed me. I couldn't stop him with my hands full, and I didn't want to. He gave my breasts a firm squeeze through my t-shirt, and watched me walk out his door.

I waited a couple of days before I went over to see Jake again. He had his furniture arranged, but there were a few unopened boxes in the living room. I helped him unpack some of his boxes. He gave me a tour of his town home, which ended with his bedroom. After a few kisses, we were in his bed.

Jake started taking my clothes off. He wasn't as rough as I expected, but he was more straightforward than the men I left behind in Philadelphia. He put me on my hands and knees and pounded me until he came. At least he cuddled with me for a couple of minutes before he got up to go to the bathroom.

I gave Jake my phone number before I left. I told him I would come over whenever he called. With all of the control I had over Gilbert, it felt satisfying to give some control to Jake.

Jake called me once or twice a week in the evenings. It was fun to watch the touching expression on Gilbert's face when he heard me say hi to Jake. No matter what Gilbert and I were doing, I would stop and walk over to Jake's. I sometimes thought of Gilbert lying in bed, waiting for me to return, as Jake pounded me.

It took some calm coaxing, but over time I managed to get Jake to be gentler with me in bed. I enjoyed my evenings with Jake. I could relax, and not worry about being the teasing bitch that Gilbert wanted. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed being a teasing bitch, but it was nice to relax a couple of times a week. The fucking was great, too.

For the first time in my life, I had a man in my life that loved and worshiped me, and a man in my life that provided me with plenty of sexual pleasure. I was content. 

As much as I tried to keep Jake and Gilbert separate, they both seemed to want more of me. Jake would make snide comments about dumping the loser and moving in with him. Gilbert was curious about Jake and I, but there wasn't much to tell. By keeping quiet, the mystery was more of a tease for Gilbert than the truth would ever be.

After a few months of struggling to keep Jake and Gilbert separate, I decided that it could be fun for me if I invited Jake to spend the weekend with Gilbert and I. I had visions of Gilbert being our servant, and his having to watch Jake and I being intimate. Now that would be a tease!

I brought up the idea one evening with Jake. We were cuddling after sex, and I wanted to gauge his reaction.

"Jake, I want to ask you something." I squeezed Jake's arm.

"What?"

"How would you like to spend a weekend with me at my place?"
Jake grinned. "I'd like that a lot. Where's your boyfriend going?"

I sighed. This wasn't going to be easy. "Gilbert will be there with us. He'll be our servant."

"Our servant? Why would a guy want to do that?"

I counted to ten to center myself. "Gilbert wants to be our servant." Now, that wasn't quite truthful. "Gilbert wants to watch us kiss and cuddle." Another white lie.

"I've never heard of a guy that just wants to watch. Are you sure that's what he wants?"

I closed my eyes for a moment. "Yes, that's what Gilbert wants."

Jake whistled. "I don't understand your boyfriend, but if you say that's what he wants, then that's what he wants." He didn't seem convinced.

It took me a few more pillow talks before Jake accepted the idea that I wanted him to spend the weekend with me with Gilbert as our servant. Gilbert was a lot easier. I just told him that Jake would spend the weekend with us and he would be our servant.


A few nights before Jake came over to spend the weekend, I let him know what I expected of him.

"Are you looking forward to this weekend, Jake?"

"You bet!" Jake reached over to fondle my breasts.

I pushed his hands away. "Jake, this is important to me. Stop fooling around."

Jake grinned sheepishly. "Sorry."

I kissed Jake. "Gilbert is our servant, not our slave. I want you to treat him with respect."

"Ok."

"Gilbert will be naked while we remain dressed."

"What? Why?" Jake appeared nervous.

"Because his being naked while we're dressed makes him feel more like a servant." It also makes me feel special, but Jake doesn't have to know that now.

"Um, ok, if you say so."

I could tell Jake wasn't enthused. "Don't worry, we'll be dressed whenever we're with Gilbert. Actually, I don't want him to see me naked the whole weekend."

"Ok. How is he going to watch us having sex?"

"He isn't. He'll be able to hear us, but he won't be able to see us." I figured that Jake would be more comfortable in bed if Gilbert weren't watching.

"Wow, that's weird. How is that going to work?"

"Anytime you want me, just let me know. We'll go upstairs while Gilbert is doing something else. In the evening, he'll be in the bedroom with us, chained to the foot of the bed."

"Um, I don't understand your boyfriend at all."

I poked Jake in the rib. "Just relax. It'll be fun."

"Ok."

I cuddled with Jake for a while before we fell asleep.

The night before Jake came over, I let Gilbert know what I expected of him, as we were lying in bed together.

"Jake doesn't want you to see me naked, so I'll be dressed in a t-shirt and shorts all weekend. You will be naked and wearing your slave chain." The slave chain is a six-foot length of chain that I lock around Gilbert's neck and wrists when I want to take the cock cage off. The chain allows him to do things, but is too short for him to touch his cock. I wanted to see Gilbert's stiff cock all weekend while Jake played around with me.

"You will cook for us, and bring us drinks and snacks when we're in the living room watching TV."

"Yes, Heather." Gilbert replied.

"Good. Oh, Jake will fondle my breasts whenever he wants. I hope that's not too painful for you to watch."

Gilbert winced. I wondered how he would react to that. I couldn't wait to find out for real this weekend.

"Finally, you will hear us have sex, but Jake doesn't want you to watch. He says it makes him nervous."

"Um, yes Heather."

I smiled thinking about my plans for Gilbert. I snuggled against him, letting him feel my breasts rub against his back as we fell asleep.

The next evening, Gilbert came home from work. After he undressed, I removed the cock cage. His cock stiffened as I locked the slave chain on his neck and wrists. Yes, I was going to enjoy looking at that stiff cock all weekend. He went downstairs into the kitchen to make dinner for Jake and I.

The doorbell rang, and I went to answer the door. Jake took me in his arm and kissed me.

"Hi."

"Hi yourself, Jake. Dinner will be ready in a few minutes."

"Your boyfriend is making us dinner?"

"Yes. I told you, he's our servant for the weekend. Just relax."

We walked into the dining room and sat down. Fifteen minutes later, Gilbert served us a nice salad. Jake cringed at the sight of Gilbert serving him. I suppose you just can't prepare some people for some things. Gilbert calmly placed the salads on the table and returned to the kitchen.

After a few moments, Jake shook his head and sprinkled Italian dressing on his salad. I spooned some blue cheese dressing on mine. We ate without saying a word.

After we finished our salads, Gilbert came out and took our salad bowls away. He returned with a nice broiled chicken and new peas dinner. Jake was a little calmer this time as Gilbert placed the plates on the table. Gilbert brought out a bottle of Mission Hill 2004 Sauvignon Blanc Semillon and poured the wine for us before he returned to the kitchen.

Jake looked at me in surprise. "I still can't believe that your boyfriend is serving us."

"Not only is he serving us, but he's enjoying serving us." I smiled.

Jake thought for a little while. "I don't understand your boyfriend, but I could get used to eating like this." He took a sip of wine. "I usually have a hamburger and beer for dinner."

After we finished dinner, we got up from the dining room table. I led Jake into the living room, and gave him the remote. After he found a classic Maryland football game on ESPN, he settled back into the sofa. I snuggled up next to him.

Since Gilbert was in the kitchen cleaning up, I had a few minutes alone with Jake. I felt it would be polite to guide him a bit.

"Jake?"

"Huh? What?"

"When Gilbert is finished cleaning the kitchen, he'll come out to the living room and kneel by the sofa. If you want something to drink or snack on, just ask him, and he'll get it for you."

"Uh, ok."

"Oh, could you do something else for me?"

"What's that?"

"When Gilbert's in the living room, could you kiss me and fondle my breasts?"

"Um, ok?" Jake looked puzzled. "You want me to do that in front of your boyfriend?"

I counted to ten to center myself before I answered. "Yes."

"And he won't get mad?"

"No Jake, he won't get mad."

Jake shrugged his shoulders. "I don't understand your boyfriend, but if that's what you want, sure."

Jake's attention returned to the football game on TV. Gilbert came into the living room a few minutes later and knelt by the sofa. It was nice to notice his stiff cock. I wondered how he would react when Jake kissed and fondled me.

When the commercial came on, I kissed Jake. He kissed me back, and soon his hand was inside my t-shirt, fondling my breast. I glanced over at Gilbert. He was watching us. His cock was still stiff. He didn't seem upset. So far, so good.

A little while later, I asked Gilbert to get us some iced tea. He went into the kitchen and returned with two glasses of iced tea. Jake thanked Gilbert, which was a nice surprise. Gilbert returned to kneeling by the sofa.

I put a cigarette in my mouth, and Gilbert reached for the lighter. As Gilbert lit my cigarette, Jake reached over and squeezed my breast through my t-shirt. I felt my pussy squirt, as both of my men were pleasuring me in their own way.

After the football game ended, I decided that it was time for bed. I led Jake up to the bedroom, and Gilbert followed us.

"Sit on the floor at the foot of the bed." I commanded Gilbert.

Gilbert sat on the floor. I locked a link of the slave chain behind his neck to a tie ring in the footboard. 

Jake watched me lock Gilbert to the bed. When I finished, he took me in his arm and kissed me. We moved over to the side of the bed and undressed each other. Soon we were in bed, me on my hands and knees, Jake pounding me.

As I cuddled with Jake, I wondered what Gilbert was feeling. The slave chain was too short for him to touch his cock, and I wondered just how badly he wanted to stroke it while listening to us fuck. Yep, this was the best tease ever, and it was just beginning.

As Jake and I drifted off to sleep, I thought about how mean it was to lock Gilbert to the bed all night. He couldn't move, and would have to sit there all night, thinking about what he heard and felt.

The next morning, Jake and I were in no hurry to get out of bed. He put me on my hands and knees and pounded me until I collapsed. After we took a shower together and got dressed, I walked over to the foot of the bed.

Gilbert looked up at me, smiling. He squirmed as I unlocked him from the foot of the bed. I giggled watching him run to the bathroom. I guess he'd been locked to the foot of the bed for almost 12 hours.

Saturday was a lot like Friday evening. Gilbert prepared a brunch for Jake and I, and afterwards, we watched TV for a few hours while Gilbert waited on us. Gilbert prepared an early dinner for us, and afterward, we watched TV. We snacked all evening.

Jake took lots of opportunities to kiss me and fondle my breasts while Gilbert knelt by the sofa and watched. If it bothered him, I didn't notice it.

Saturday night was the same as Friday night. I locked Gilbert to the foot of the bed, and he sat there all night while Jake and I fucked and slept. It was easy to forget about Gilbert with Jake in bed.

On Sunday, Gilbert prepared a brunch for Jake and I. After brunch, it was time for Jake to leave. He had some laundry to do, and so did we. He kissed me, gave my breasts a hard squeeze, and left. 

The weekend had flown by for me. I wondered if Gilbert enjoyed being our servant. Later that afternoon, while Gilbert was doing the laundry, I asked him.

"So Gilbert, how did you like our weekend together?"

"Well, now I understand what you see in Jake."

I smiled. "That's nice, but how did you like being our servant?"

"Oh, that was fine, except when you locked me to the foot of the bed two nights in a row. I couldn't get much sleep sitting there."

"I suppose that was really mean. I thought you wanted me to be mean to you on occasion."

Gilbert's face reddened. "Yes, you're right."

I grinned. "Actually, I want to know what you were thinking when you were locked to the foot of the bed and we were fucking."

"Well, I tried to touch my cock, but the chain was too short. I sat there and imagined how happy you were to fuck. I could hear your panting and mewing, and I could feel the bed shaking a little."

I smiled. I felt that making Gilbert listen to us fuck was meaner than leaving him tied to the bed all night. It made my pussy squirt to think about Gilbert sitting there struggling to touch his cock while Jake pounded my pussy. But it wasn't just about my pleasure; it was about Gilbert's pleasure too. I know I enjoyed spending the weekend with Jake, and it appeared to me that Gilbert liked it. But I knew better than to overdo it. I decided that it would be fun to invite Jake over every other month or so.

I never heard another snide comment from Jake about dumping the loser.

I'm lucky to have a man in my life that loves and worships me, and a man in my life that provides me with plenty of sexual pleasure.

I enjoy being Gilbert's bitch tease, and I enjoy being Jake's fuck doll.

And the three of us lived happily ever after. 


I didn't think I'd be writing again, but last Sunday I had a wonderful time with my pleasure toy Gilbert and my boyfriend Jake picnicking in a farmer's meadow. Remembering the picnic now to put the words on paper still makes me shiver with pleasure.

I'm a lucky woman to have a man in my life that loves and worships me, and a man in my life that provides me with plenty of sexual pleasure.

I live with Gilbert, my pleasure toy. Pleasure toy is my pet name for him, and it describes his bedroom activities pretty well. I keep his cock locked up in a stainless steel cock cage. The only time the cock cage comes off is if he's restrained in some other way. He hasn't touched his cock for pleasure in over 5 years. I restrain him, I masturbate him, and I decide when he is allowed to cum.

I also decide when I want to orgasm. Gilbert uses his mouth, his hands, or toys to get me off. He has a pair of incentives to help me orgasm as many times as possible, which I'll explain later.

Since I control pleasure toy, I let my boyfriend Jake control our sexual relationship. Whenever he calls, if I'm home, I drop what pleasure toy and I are doing, get dressed, and go spend the night with Jake. Usually, by the time I get home the next morning, Gilbert has already left for work.

Every other month or so, Jake comes over and spends a weekend. Gilbert is our servant during that time. I make him serve us naked and wearing a slave chain. The slave chain is a six-foot length of chain that I lock around Gilbert's neck and wrists when I want to take the cock cage off. The chain allows him to do things for us, but is too short for him to touch his cock. 

Outside the bedroom, we live a fairly normal life. We go to movies and out to dinner. Since we both work, we have a maid that comes over once a week to clean up. Sometimes, I'll hire a naked maid just to tease pleasure toy with another attractive woman's body.

One thing I discovered early in my relationship with pleasure toy was to have a set time to openly communicate. Because of our work schedules, Sunday morning worked out the best. We lounge in bed, hugging and kissing, and we can tell each other anything that's on our minds. It's hard sometimes not to get mad at what Gilbert says, and I'm sure Gilbert has gotten mad at me for what I've said at times, but being able to talk about anything and everything without fear is liberating and worth the aggravation.

One of the things pleasure toy does on Sunday mornings is give me new ideas on how to tease him. I could come up with ideas on my own, and I have, but if the idea comes from pleasure toy, then I know it would probably be an effective tease.

Not every idea is a great idea, but we tend to try most of them. Sometimes, the idea works, and I add the tease to my repertoire. Sometimes, the idea doesn't work, and we either tweak the idea or drop it.

One idea that worked out wonderfully is pleasure toy's measured breast fondling. Early in our relationship, I made my breasts off limits to his touch. I know he missed fondling my breasts, but walking around the house topless became so much more enjoyable.

I missed having my breasts fondled until I met Jake and developed a relationship with him. Once I was seeing Jake, I had plenty of breast fondling from him to keep me happy.

Over time, I noticed that my breasts weren't having as much of an effect on pleasure toy. We talked about it one Sunday, and he told me that since he could no longer touch my breasts, he put them out of his mind.

Well, I didn't want my breasts out of his mind altogether, so I decided that he could fondle them. For a minute. Once a month. When I decided it was time, he would sit on the bed. I would sit on the bed between his legs with my back against his chest. I'd set a timer, and he would reach around me and gently caress my breasts and nipples until the timer went off.

A couple of months later, pleasure toy came up with the brilliant idea to associate the breast fondling with my orgasms. Basically, he earned 2 seconds of breast fondling time for every orgasm he helped me have, which he would accumulate through the month. This idea aroused me, because it seemed like so little reward for so much work. Pleasure toy wasn't fondling my breasts much longer at the end of the month, but the association between his fondling and my orgasms made it "bitchier". My nipples stiffened just thinking about it now to write this paragraph.

The association also worked for pleasure toy. He'd grown a little bored with giving me oral sex. If I had left it up to him, he would have chosen to stimulate me with his hand or with a toy most of the time. Of course, I didn't leave it up to him. Still, I could tell he wasn't as excited about performing oral on me.

After we made the association between my orgasms and his breast fondling time, pleasure toy had a renewed interest in giving me oral sex. I wasn't expecting this benefit, which is why I now consider the idea brilliant. I guess the association made him more aware of my orgasms, and he now had an incentive to give me as many orgasms as I could stand.

One idea that didn't work out was the chained standing idea. One Sunday, pleasure toy told me that he wanted me to chain him standing against the bedroom wall when I went to see Jake on a Friday or Saturday night. The idea being that pleasure toy would have to stand there against the wall patiently waiting for me to return home 12 to 15 hours after I left.

Now, I'd been chaining pleasure toy to the foot of the bed when Jake spent the night. Pleasure toy would spend anywhere from 10 to 12 hours chained, sitting on the floor. So I knew that pleasure toy would be fine chained up for a long time. But I was concerned with him standing for so long. Also, with leaving him chained up alone. I wonder where you'd hire a bound, naked man sitter?

I told pleasure toy that I would chain him to the bedroom wall the next Saturday when we got up from bed. If he could remain standing until it was time to go to bed, then I'd consider chaining him up when I went to see Jake.

Pleasure toy thought that was a good idea. He put four screw eyes in the bedroom wall, so I could lock his wrists and ankles to the wall with his leather restraints.

Saturday came, and after pleasure toy went to the bathroom, I locked him to the bedroom wall, and I went about my day. The chains from the leather restraints to the screw eyes were short, and he couldn't move very much. He tried to hold out for me, but by one in the afternoon his body was trembling. I quickly unlocked him, and after an hour of massage and after care, he felt much better.

So, we had to drop the original idea. But sometimes, I lock him against the wall when I want to lie in bed and read or watch TV. I only lock him up for 2 or 3 hours, but it's nice to force him to stand there and pay attention to me like that. Sometimes I put on a show of masturbating for him. While he likes to watch me play with myself, it irks him that he doesn't get the 2 seconds of breast fondling time. Which makes my orgasm that much more pleasant.

We found out one other thing. Pleasure toy can keep from needing the bathroom longer sitting than standing. I guess if I wanted to be mean and bitchy, I could chain him to the bedroom wall without letting him go to the bathroom, put something he treasures between his legs and keep him there until he pees on it. And make him clean up the mess after unlocking him. Why, I felt a twinge between my legs just thinking about doing this mean thing to him. It just goes to show, some fantasies are meant to be enjoyed as fantasies.

Pleasure toy came up with another great idea one Sunday morning. Usually, I masturbate pleasure toy teasingly. Meaning, I take my hand away from his cock when he's about to cum. If I time it just right, he thrusts into the air, which of course is not stimulating at all. I might tease him several times in a masturbation session. To end the session, I either stop stroking and lock him back up in the cock cage, or I keep stroking until he cums. I let pleasure toy cum every couple of weeks or so.

When I want pleasure toy to cum, usually I'm straddling his thighs. I want the visual of my naked body to help him orgasm, and I want him to enjoy his orgasms. I don't do ruined orgasms, because I don't want him to ruin any of my orgasms. I think 30 or so orgasms for me in a month are more than fair for the 1 or 2 orgasms I give him.

His idea was that his cum had to hit a certain part of my body, or I'd make him wait twice as long for his next orgasm. Since I had masturbated him so many times, and I had a good idea of how high he could shoot his ejaculate, I suggested that he had to hit my breasts if he wanted to cum every 2 weeks or so. Might as well give him a fairly large target for him to hit.

I really enjoy these goal-oriented teases. I didn't have to do anything different, except remember to aim his cock at my body. It certainly makes masturbating him more fun. He's only missed my breasts a few times, but making him wait a month or more for the next orgasm is definitely fun. I'm glad he's never missed twice in a row.

One winter Sunday, pleasure toy surprised me with something he'd been thinking about. Basically, he would take Jake and I on a picnic. While we relaxed under a shady tree, nibbled on food and drink that pleasure toy prepared, and enjoyed each other's company, pleasure toy would be kneeling on the ground about 30 feet away from us, bound to a stake out in the sun, sweating for me. Jake and I would spend all afternoon enjoying each other under the tree while pleasure toy suffered for me.

I certainly enjoyed thinking about the idea. I enjoy pleasure toy suffering for me, and this would be a huge amount of suffering. I had concerns about how well this would work in reality, and what might cause pleasure toy excessive suffering. I liked the sweating, but sunburn and bug bites were too much suffering for me to enjoy.

I wasn't too worried about how Jake would react. He was already coming over to spend the weekend every other month, and was accustomed to Gilbert serving us. I didn't think a picnic with Gilbert locked up 30 feet away would be too much of a stretch.

I spent a week or two thinking about the picnic idea. I knew that pleasure toy would want the picnic in the heat of August, but that would be too hot for us, even under a tree. I decided that early July would be good, both for the weather and that just about everyone else would be at the beach or independence celebrations. I wanted our picnic to be just for the three of us.

Gilbert found a farm about an hour from our townhouse. The farmer agreed to rent us a pasture for a private picnic, as long as we didn't leave any litter behind. Since I smoke, I knew that mostly meant me and my cigarette butts. I thought about making Gilbert pick up all the butts, but he was already suffering enough with the sweating. I promised him that I'd put the butts in a bottle or something.

Since I'm a big believer in testing out fantasies, the first really warm Saturday of spring, I brought pleasure toy out in the backyard. The idea was that he would chain himself up kneeling in the yard, while I got some sun.

Pleasure toy drove a stake into the ground with a big metal O-ring attached. Using the leather ankle restraints, he chained his ankles to the stake with a short length of chain. He handcuffed his hands behind his back and knelt quietly while I relaxed on the lounger.

After about an hour, I checked to see how he was doing. The handcuffs felt very warm in the sun, and I realized that they would burn his wrists after a couple of hours. After I unlocked him and helped him up, I saw just how bruised his knees were. While I wanted him to suffer, 5 or 6 hours of kneeling on the ground would be torture.

When we talked about it on Sunday, I asked him how he felt being restrained outside like that. He told me that it was very uncomfortable for the first few minutes, but once he started meditating, he was able to relax and enjoy watching me sun. I was glad he wasn't miserable and I felt better about what we were doing.

The next Saturday we spent time in the back yard, pleasure toy rolled up a towel for him to kneel on. He also used the leather wrist restraints, which meant we had to give up on the idea of him locking himself up. After locking his wrists behind his back to the stake with a chain, I sprayed some combination bug spray / sunscreen all over his body. 

I rubbed sunscreen on my body, and relaxed on the recliner. I didn't hear a peep from pleasure toy, and lost track of time. After a couple of hours I checked on him, and he was fine. Except that the top of his head was starting to burn. Cursing to myself, I unlocked pleasure toy and brought him inside. 

Talking about the experience Sunday, pleasure toy remarked that he liked the leather wrist restraints better, and he liked that I locked him up, rather than trying to lock himself up without my participation. He was also glad that I sprayed him with the bug spray / sunscreen because he didn't want to worry about bugs on the picnic. Neither did I. I wanted as few distractions from his sweating as possible.

Applying some aloe to his scalp for a couple of days kept the sunburn pain under control.

The next time I went shopping, I went looking for a wide-brimmed straw hat. I saw some nice hats, but a mischievous thought enthralled me, and I went to the women's hats department. I found a really cute straw hat with a pink ribbon to hold it in place. I felt good for foreseeing one problem after already missing some obvious problems. I didn't want a breeze to blow the hat off pleasure toy's head.

Grinning, I bought the hat and brought it home. Pleasure toy generally doesn't like surprises, but I figured I could safely surprise him with the hat. I felt like we'd finally found all the problems, and the next time in the backyard we would find out how long he could last.

A couple of weeks passed before the weekend weather cooperated. I wanted to really work on my tan, so I was hoping we could spend 3 hours or so outside. After locking pleasure toy to the stake, I went back inside and brought out the straw hat. He frowned a little when he saw the hat, but he didn't say a word about it. I tied the pink ribbon around his neck.

I went back to the lounger and rubbed sunscreen all over my body. I decided to take my bikini off and let my breasts and bottom tan. I hate that extreme white bikini outline look, I knew that pleasure toy would enjoy the view, and I decided that if one of our male neighbors saw me, so what. I relaxed on the lounger, hoping to get at least 2 or 3 hours of sun.

I fell asleep. The next thing I knew, the sun was pretty low in the sky. I checked my watch and cursed silently. I'd been lying there for over 4 hours, and my breasts and bottom were feeling warm. I hurried over to pleasure toy, and he collapsed to the ground after I unlocked him. We helped each other inside.

When we had our Sunday talk, pleasure toy didn't blame me for falling asleep. He was meditating to the view of my naked body, and didn't notice the time passing either. He appreciated that I was naked for him. I wondered how much he would appreciate seeing Jake and I fuck, even though we'd be 30 feet away.

We spent the next couple of days rubbing aloe on each other. Pleasure toy was very concerned about my breast burn, and wanted to rub aloe on them every 10 minutes. Once every few hours was enough for the both of us.

We made 3 more backyard outings before we felt like we were ready for the picnic. Pleasure toy's endurance had built up, and he could kneel on the rolled up towel for 5 or 6 hours. He was very tired and sweaty, even though it was still late spring, and it made my pussy tingle to watch him suffer for me like that. Sometimes, I'd play with myself on the lounger, enjoying pleasure toy's suffering for me.

I got a nice all over tan, not too dark, and I felt Jake would enjoy seeing me totally naked outside in the bright sunshine.

The week before the picnic, pleasure toy bought a couple of bottles of Ca' Montini Pinot Grigio, a nice white wine that would go great with the roast beef and cheese sandwiches. He made the sandwiches the night before the picnic, and put them in the refrigerator. 

The morning of the picnic, pleasure toy packed the cooler with the sandwiches, wine, beer, soda, and water. He loaded up the van, and we were ready to go. I had to admit, I was pretty excited about the picnic. I wanted to be horny for Jake, so I fought the urge to masturbate all morning. It was driving me nuts to wait. I was so used to having an orgasm any time I wanted, that a 2 or 3-hour wait seemed like torture. I wondered how pleasure toy could stand to go 2 weeks between orgasms. I decided that I'd give pleasure toy an extra 5 minutes of breast fondling at the end of the month as a reward for the picnic and the suffering.

I got in the front seat of the van and sat quietly as we drove to Jake's town house. When we arrived, I went to the door to get Jake. He grabbed me and gave me a huge kiss that made my pussy even wetter. It was a good thing I was going to be naked for the picnic. I hadn't thought about bringing spare panties.

We sat in the back seat and let pleasure toy chauffer us to the farm. I really didn't notice the ride, as Jake and I were hugging and kissing. I wasn't wearing a bra, and Jake definitely let my breasts know they were kneaded and desired.

Pleasure toy pulled up to an old-looking farmhouse. The farmer came out, and pleasure toy went to give him the money and talk to him. The farmer smiled as we drove away, and I was pretty sure he knew what Jake and I would be doing. I wonder what he would have thought if he had any idea about what pleasure toy would be doing.

We drove for a few more minutes before we came to a cattle gate. Pleasure toy opened the gate, drove into the meadow, and closed the gate. We drove a hundred yards or so, until we came to a small pond. There were three huge oak trees about 50 feet from the pond.

We got out of the van, and walked to the trees. Pleasure toy carried our folding chairs. I carried my cigarettes and lighter, and Jake had his arm around me. It took pleasure toy 2 more trips to the van to get the cooler and all of his bondage gear. By the time he'd brought everything, I had already undressed and was relaxing in a folding chair, smoking a cigarette.

Pleasure toy found a spot about 30 feet away, out in the sun. He hammered the stake into the ground, rolled up a towel, and knelt down on the ground.

A little while passed before I told Jake, "Excuse me. I have to lock up my pet." I took the hat and the bug spray out to where pleasure toy was kneeling. I locked his wrists behind his back, sprayed him liberally with the bug spray / sunscreen, and tied the pretty straw hat with the pink ribbon on his head. I stood in front of him and let him look at my naked body for a minute or so before I picked up the hammer and the bug spray and went back to Jake.

As soon as I sat down, Jake asked me, "What's that all about?"

"I told you, I have to lock up my pet." I smiled. "He won't be bothering us."

"Oh. I see, I guess." Jake looked confused, so I kissed him and put his hand on my breast. He didn't have any more questions or concerns.

It was near lunchtime, so we ate the sandwiches and drank the wine. After finishing a bottle of wine, Jake pretty much forgot about pleasure toy. Honestly, he wasn't on my mind either. We spread out a blanket and made love under the shady oak trees. I was so horny that I came less than a minute after he thrust his cock into my pussy.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





