BDSM Library - Payoff




Payoff
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   He does what she wants to settle a bet.






Last night we were watching one of the Final Four games, Duke and Maryland. Sherri is a Duke fan, and I'm a Maryland supporter. The first half was pretty exciting as the lead switched back and forth several times. By halftime we were both tired from cheering. Maryland was ahead by four.

I turned to Sherri and poked her in the side. "Looks like Duke is having trouble."

She smacked my leg with the back of her hand. "You know Maryland's going to fade."

I grinned. "Not this time."

Sherri grinned. "Oh yeah! You want to bet on that!"

"Sure. What do you want to bet, $20?"

"I don't want to bet money. Loser has to do whatever the winner wants tomorrow."

"You're on." 

This was the first time she'd ever made a bet with me. Sherri and I have been going out six months. I found out how much she liked sports on the second date. We've gone to a few Maryland home games at College Park. We've watched some of the XFL games on TV. We didn't just watch sports either. We'd go to the park and throw a Frisbee around; we've been bowling a few times. We were looking forward to baseball's opening day, and warmer spring weather. She had a playful personality that I enjoyed spending time with.

I figured that if I'd lost, we go shopping or something like that. But if I won, I would want to stay in and spend the day in bed watching TV and playing around. I got a couple of beers and made some popcorn for the second half. Sure enough, Maryland faded in the second half, and Duke won by 11 points.

Sherri turned and jeered me. "I won, I won. You have to do anything I want tomorrow."

I grinned sheepishly. "Ok. Why don't we take a shower and go to sleep."

"Mmmm. Sounds great." We went upstairs and took a shower together. We soaped each other. I rubbed her back and she rubbed mine. I put soap on her breasts and made sure they were squeaky clean. She did the same to my rigid cock. She turned to face the spray of water and I fucked her from behind. We cleaned up, dried each other off, and went to bed naked. We fell asleep cuddling.

I woke up when Sherri pushed me out of bed. I heard her command, "Go get me some buttered toast and juice."

I was about to protest when I woke up a little more and remembered our bet. "Sure honey. I'll be right back." 

I made some toast and poured some juice. I took her breakfast into the bedroom. Sherri was sitting up in bed. I went to the bathroom to shave and take a shower and when I came back she had finished eating. "Clean up this mess and come down to the basement."

I picked up the breakfast tray, and cleaned up the kitchen. I went downstairs. Sherri was waiting for me with a length of cotton rope in her hand. "Put your wrists together."

I was somewhat surprised. I had no idea that Sherri was into anything kinky. I didn't remember her dropping any hints. This wasn't my first time for bondage, either. I had played a few bondage games with this other woman I'd dated a couple of years ago. I enjoyed them, but I didn't need bondage to have fun in the bedroom.

I put my wrists together in front of me and watched while she wrapped the rope around my wrist several times and tied them together. She knew what she was doing. She turned and walked away, pulling on the rope. I followed her under the stairwell. The basement was finished, but the area under the stairwell was bare concrete. She tossed the rope over a beam and pulled until I was on my tiptoes. She tied the end of the rope to an exposed stud. The rope loosened a little, but my heels still couldn't touch the floor. She stepped back, stared at me for a while, and said, "Now you wait right there until I get back." I could hear her laughing all the way upstairs.

I was wondering what she'd planned to do. I was a little excited. I could hear her walking around upstairs. Time passed. I couldn't see a clock, so I had no idea how long I was hanging. Thank goodness she hadn't tied my ankles together. I could pick up one leg at a time and move it around to stretch the muscles. I couldn't do anything with my arms, though. I was no longer aroused, but I wasn't scared. I was still curious to see what she was planning to do.

I heard Sherri come down the stairs. I wondered what she'd planned. She put a stepstool down and stood on it in front of me. Her chest was just below my eye level. She was still naked and had a cigarette in her mouth. I'd had no idea she smoked. I wanted to get away from her, but I couldn't. She took a puff and blew the smoke in my face. I cringed. She didn't say anything. She blew smoke in my face and kissed me a couple of times with a mouth full of smoke. I tried to turn away, but she grabbed the hair on the back of my head and forced me to kiss her.

After she finished the cigarette, she massaged my arms for a while, then said, "I'll bet you're sore."

My arms felt a little better. I was a little upset, but I wasn't angry. "I'm fine. A bet's a bet."

Sherri grinned at me. "That's the spirit." She untied the rope, loosened it a little, and tied it again. I was able to rest my heels on the floor. My arms were still stiff, but felt better. She walked away, and I could hear the TV turn on. I heard her put a tape in the VCR and sit down in an overstuffed chair. I could see her lounging, but I couldn't see the TV. It was a couple of minutes before I could hear the TV. There was some music for a while, then I heard some dialog. I watched her watch the movie.

I heard a woman moaning and it dawned on me that Sherri was watching a porn movie. She put her hand on her pussy and rubbed. Slowly at first, then harder. She pulled a 12" dildo out from the seat cushion. I watched her slide the dildo in and out of her pussy while I heard women moaning in the movie. I was aroused, but all I could do was watch Sherri enjoy herself. She screamed out five orgasms before she let the dildo go. Her scent filled the room as she lounged and watched the rest of the movie. 

When the movie was over, Sherri got up and walked over to me. She put the dildo up to my face and said, "Lick it."

I licked the dildo. I could taste her juices still on it. I licked until she pulled it away. She tossed the dildo back on the chair and walked away. She came back with another cigarette. She got up on the stool, blew smoke in my face and kissed me until she finished it.

She stepped down from the stool and fondled my cock with the palm of her hand. She tickled it with her fingertips, and rubbed her palm on the tip. She kept me aroused for several minutes. She tickled my cock until I was about to come, then she stopped. "We'll save that for later," she cooed.

She walked behind me, and I could feel her rubbing her breasts against my back. Her nipples felt like pencil erasers rubbing up and down my back. I was daydreaming about the great sex we've had when I felt her hand smack my bottom. She spanked me for a couple of minutes, then went back upstairs. My bottom stung for a little bit.

Sherri came back downstairs after a while. She set up a TV tray in front of the chair, and put a plate of spaghetti and meat sauce down. She went back upstairs. I hadn't realized how hungry I was until she put the food down. The smell of the meat sauce was making my mouth water. She came back with some Parmesan cheese and a coke and sat down to eat.

I watched her take a couple of bites of the spaghetti. "Hey, how about something for me?" I asked.

Sherri got up and came over to me. She smacked my cock with the palm of her hand several times, and said, "You'll eat when I want you to." She sat back down and ate while she watched TV. I didn't say anything else. She teased me more with the fork then she did with the dildo. After she finished, she brought the plate back upstairs and brought down another plate of spaghetti and meat sauce. She put a tall barstool in front of me, put the plate on the stool, and sat down. The plate was close enough for me to smell the cheese, but not close enough to eat. All I could do was look at it. She waited a while, and teasingly asked, "Well, aren't you going to eat?"

I looked over at Sherri lounging on the chair. "I can't," I answered.

"Why not? Don't you like my cooking?"

"I like your cooking. I can't get to it."

Sherri grinned. "Amuse me. At least try to get it."

I pulled on my arms and struggled, but there was no way I could get to the food. After a while, Sherri got up, and held the plate to my mouth. I lapped up the spaghetti and meat sauce, and I'm sure I made a mess. When I finished, she brought the plate back upstairs. She came back with a wet towel and cleaned my face. 

She untied the rope from the stud, pulled it back from over the beam, threw it over her shoulder, and went upstairs. My arms tingled as I followed her into the bedroom. "Lay down on the bed," she commanded.

I lay down, and Sherri tied my wrists to the headboard. My arms stopped tingling. My ankles were hanging off the foot of the bed. She kissed me for a while, which was fun, even though her mouth tasted a little like cigarette smoke. She propped herself up beside me with her breast in my face. "Suck on it," she commanded.

I sucked on Sherri's nipple. It was fun for a while, then my jaw got tired. Every time I'd stop sucking to catch my breath, or to give my jaw a rest, she'd slap my cock a couple of times with the palm of her hand and say, "Did I tell you to stop!" I never thought I'd be thinking this, but it became a chore to suck on her nipple. I don't know how long I sucked, but finally she pulled her nipple out of my mouth. "You got me nice and horny," she cooed. "Now I want you to eat me."

Sherri climbed up and dropped her pussy on my face. My jaw was sore from the nipple sucking. I lapped up her juices until I felt my cock being smacked and I heard, "Suck on it." I sucked and licked on her clit while she held on to my cock with both hands. When she came, it was all I could do to keep from screaming into her pussy as her fingernails dug deep into my cock. I sucked and licked her to two more painful (for me) orgasms before she slid off my face and rested on my chest.

After a few minutes, she got up and left. She was gone for a while before she came back into the bedroom. She kissed me for a while, made me suck her nipple, and dropped her pussy on my face for another three orgasms. She rested for a while on my chest. Her scent filled the room. She got up and left again for a while.

When Sherri came back, I was expecting her to kiss me and use me again. Instead, she threw a towel across my chest and sat down, straddling my legs. "Would you like me to play with your cock?" she cooed.

I knew she was up to something. "Yes, I'd like that a lot, " I answered.

Sherri picked up a pack of cigarettes, got one and lit it. With the cigarette in her mouth, she picked up a bottle of baby oil, poured some in her palm, and rubbed it on my cock. As nice as her hand felt, the cigarette smoke was keeping me from getting too aroused. She fondled my cock while she smoked. After she finished the cigarette, I got a lot more aroused. She slowed down her stroke, keeping me on the edge of an orgasm. I was just about to come when she stopped. I felt my hard cock soften. When it was almost limp, she got another cigarette, poured more baby oil in her palm and fondled me. I was getting used to the cigarette smoke and got more aroused. I came while she was fondling me and smoking her third cigarette. She cleaned up the mess with the towel and cooed, "Do you feel better now?"

"Yes," I replied. "I feel much better now."

"Good." Sherri kissed me and I almost didn't mind the smell and taste of the cigarette smoke. She untied me, and we took a shower together. We spent the rest of the evening watching TV and cuddling. I was amazed and impressed with Sherri's dominant and slightly sadistic persona. I looked forward to our next bet. When I won, I could show her my dark side as well.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





