BDSM Library - Loving Bitch




Loving Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Pleasant phone sex woman meets and cuckolds a client






Gilbert nervously dialed Jaicie's number. Her profile on the Boy Toy Phone Sex website indicated she had numerous BDSM interests, including smoking fetish, bondage, and cuckolding. He hoped that a sexual conversation with her would be interesting.

Gilbert heard a pleasant voice answer the phone.

"Hello?"

"Is this Jaicie?"

"Yes"

"This is Gilbert. Are you available to take a call now?"

"Sure. How long of a call would you like?

"An hour please."

"Would you give me your credit card number, please?"

"Sure. 4329..."

While Jaicie processed the credit card information, Gilbert thought back on his phone sex experiences. Years ago, you called an expensive 900 number and didn't know who you were talking to, or what they might talk about. He tried a couple of times, but didn't care for the experience.

Recently, Gilbert found some phone sex websites advertised as erotic services on Craigslist. The websites were informative, with pictures and profiles of the women, and with more reasonable costs. Gilbert called one of the women, and had an interesting time. Every so often, he'd call a woman whose profile looked compatible. Jaicie was the seventh phone sex operator he'd called. 

Jaicie's voice interrupted Gilbert's thoughts. "Your credit card was accepted. What's your fantasy?"

Gilbert leaned back against the pillow. "I'm not interested in role play. I'd like to have an erotic conversation with you."

Jaicie lay down on her bed, adjusting her headset so she'd be comfortable. "Ok, sure. What do you want to talk about?"

"Um, I have a smoking fetish."

"Interesting. Do you want me to smoke now?"

Gilbert fished his cock out of his pants. "No, that's not necessary. In my fantasy you're sitting on the sofa, naked, smoking a cigarette. I'm kneeling in front of you, naked, with my wrists bound together in front of me, holding a large glass ashtray. There's a cord tied from my wrists to the head of my cock. When you want to flick the ashes in the ashtray, you have me move the ashtray closer to you, the cord pulling on my cock."

Jaicie's hand lightly stroked her clit. "Mmm, I can see that. Sounds like fun for me. Imagine if I had a girlfriend sitting with me, and you had to move the ashtray for both of us. Your cock would be sore before we were done using you."

Gilbert stroked his cock thinking about Jaicie's words. Curious, he asked, "What smoking fetish role plays have you done before?"

Jaicie thought a bit. "Most callers want me to use them as an ashtray, flicking the ashes in their mouth."

Gilbert shuddered. "No, that's too much for me. I just want to hold an ashtray."

"I understand. I'd rather have a slave hold an ashtray than be an ashtray."

"Um, I also have bondage fantasies."

"What kind of bondage fantasies?"

"Well, I like to be tied to a bed and teasingly masturbated."

"I see. You'd want me to play with your cock but not let you cum."

"Exactly."

"Mmm, and I'll bet you'd want me to smoke while I teased you, wouldn't you?"

"Yes. You could lie beside me and blow smoke in my face while I suck on your nipple and you tickle my cock with your fingers."

Jaicie rubbed her clit hard thinking about teasing Gilbert like that. "That sounds like fun. You'd have to suck my nipple for a while before I'd let you cum."

Gilbert leaned back and enjoyed imagining Jaicie teasing him like that before continuing the conversation. "I have another bondage fantasy."

"Mmm, what?"

"It depends on what kind of bed you have. I'm imagining a huge wooden four-poster bed. You tie me standing at the foot of your bed to the posts, lie down, and play with yourself while you watch me try and rub my cock against the footboard.'

Jaicie laughed. "You wouldn't get much pleasure from that, would you?"

Gilbert smiled. "Exactly. While you're pleasuring yourself on the bed, I'm entertaining you with my futile attempts to masturbate myself."

Jaicie wondered if Gilbert knew she was lying on the bed playing with herself right now. "You are so imaginative. Where do you get these ideas?"

"Uh, I write erotic stories and publish them on the Internet. I've written several female domination stories."

"Really! Could you send me the address, please?" Jaicie thought that Gilbert's stories would help her create some interesting role play.

"Sure. What's your email address?"

"It's on the website."

"Uh, ok, I'll email you tomorrow with the address."

"I'd appreciate that. What else would you like to talk about?"

"I have a cuckold fantasy."

"Ooh, I love cuckolding. Tell me about it."

"Well, I wish I had a cuckold girlfriend. We'd have a normal relationship, going out and doing things together. When we're intimate we'd lay in bed, kiss, and cuddle, but I never fuck her. She'd have me eat her pussy, or she'd buckle a leather ball gag on my face with a dildo attached to the front and fuck the dildo."

"I'm having trouble picturing her fucking the dildo on your face. How does she do that?"

"Well, she could be on her hands and knees sideways on the bed while I'm kneeling beside the bed. Sort of like a doggie position. Or, I could be lying on the bed while she straddles my face in a sixty-nine position."

"Hmm, thanks. I can see that you'd make her a happy woman. What about you? Does she do anything for you?"

"She can watch me while I masturbate, or she can masturbate me while she straddles my thighs, or lays beside me. "

Jaicie smiled, thinking she could dominate you and own your shriveled up little prick. "Does she ever give you oral sex?"

"No, I don't want a woman to do that. I'd much prefer she used her hands so I could see her face and kiss her while she masturbated me."

Jaicie wondered why she never met guys like Gilbert. Probably because so many guys talk the talk but don't walk the walk. "That's so sweet. She'd be a lucky woman to have someone like you. And she can fuck who she likes too!"

Gilbert smiled. "Exactly. In my fantasy, after I stripped naked, she'd lock a cock cage on my cock, gag me with the leather ball gag, and tie me to an old wooden dining room chair near the bed. She would get ready for her boyfriend while I watched. If she wanted to tease me some, she could ask me to choose which underwear and dress she should wear for him. After she dressed, she would stay in the bedroom and primp until the doorbell rang.

She would go downstairs and entertain her boyfriend for a while. They might have a drink, talk, watch TV, whatever. After a while he would bring her upstairs. Ignoring me, he would undress her and she would undress him. They would get in bed, kiss, cuddle, and fuck however and as much as they wanted.

Afterwards, she would lie in his arms and coo while he held her. At some point, he would kiss her, get up, get dressed, and leave. Sometime after he left she might notice me. If she felt like it, she would get up and untie me from the chair. If her boyfriend wore her out, she might roll over, go to sleep, and leave me tied to the chair all night."

Jaicie rubbed her clit to a quiet orgasm. "Wow, she sounds like a super bitch in the bedroom. Are you sure you'd want her to ignore you all night?"

Gilbert laughed. "Well, it is a fantasy. I'm sure it would be uncomfortable to be tied to a wooden chair all night long, but it arouses me to think about someone fucking my girlfriend so completely that she has to recuperate before she unties me."

Jaicie rolls over and looks at the clock on the end table. Shit, the hour's more than over. "Gilbert, I'm sorry but our time is up. I really enjoyed your cuckold fantasy. Please email me the address to your stories tomorrow, ok?"

"Sure. Have a good evening."

"You too. Call again soon; I had a great time."

"Bye."

"Bye."

Gilbert smiled. He enjoyed the way Jaicie interacted with him, like she shared his fantasies. He masturbated, imagining Jaicie being his cuckold girlfriend, before he went to sleep.

Jaicie grinned. It'd been a couple of weeks at least since she'd had so much fun on a call. Damn, Gilbert had some good fantasies. She drifted off to sleep, thinking about a young stallion pounding her silly while Gilbert was tied to a chair, watching. 

Gilbert emailed Jaicie the next morning with the address of his stories. Jaicie emailed back, thanking him. Gilbert emailed back, attaching a picture of himself. Jaicie's phone sex email service wouldn't let the attachment through. Jaicie emailed back, asking where the picture went. Gilbert explained what happened. After thinking about it for a couple of days, Jaicie emailed Gilbert and gave him one of her private email addresses, where she could receive attachments.

Gilbert emailed Jaicie with his picture. She was pleasantly surprised at how long his hair was, nearly shoulder-length, and how pleasant his face looked. She found herself thinking of him now and again, hoping that he would call soon.

A few weeks passed before Gilbert had the opportunity to call Jaicie again. He dialed the number and heard her pleasant voice answer.

"Hello?"

"Is this Jaicie?"

"Yes."

"This is Gilbert. Are you available to take a call now?"

Jaicie grinned. "Gilbert, can you call me back in ten minutes?"

Gilbert wondered why. "Sure."

"Great. Bye."

"Bye." Gilbert hung up, and paid for the call using the website. Afterwards, he leered at her pictures and played with his cock, thinking about Jaicie and wondering what she was doing.

Jaicie took off her clothes. She wanted to easily play with her nipples and clit during the call. She went to the bathroom, and came back to her bed. Her nipples stiffened as she tickled her chest with her fingers, thinking about what they might talk about. The ring of the telephone startled her out of her reverie.

"Hello?"

"Hello Jaicie, this is Gilbert."

"Thanks for giving me some time. I appreciate it. How are you?

"Good, and you?"

"I'm feeling great, thanks. Did you pay for the call?"

"Yes. I used the website this time to pay for an hour call."

Jaicie smiled. She was glad she didn't have to get up and deal with credit card processing. "Great. What do you want to talk about?"

"Well, I've told you my fantasies. I'd like to hear some of yours."

"Mmm, ok. I thought about you last week when I came across a four-poster bed in a furniture store. I stood there, thinking about tying you up to the footboard and watching you trying to masturbate against the smooth wood. A salesman snuck up on me and scared the crap out of me when he asked, 'Can I help you?'"

Gilbert laughed. "I'll bet he'd have been surprised if you'd have said, sure, 'Let me tie you to the footboard and see how it looks.'"

Jaicie laughed. "That'd been funny. I was reading one of your stories the other night, and it turned me on so much I couldn't finish it."

Gilbert reddened slightly "Thanks for the compliment."

"You're welcome. I thought, wouldn't it be great if I had you tied up kneeling by the side of the bed while I lay across the bed. You'd gently lick my pussy and clit while I read your stories. That way, I wouldn't have to stop reading to come."

"Mmm, that's interesting. Do you want me to try to get you to come or just tease you with my tongue?"

Jaicie pouted. "Hey, I'm supposed to be the tease here, not you!" She felt her nipples stiffen. "Oh, I'd just want you to gently lick me, to stimulate me a little. I want to come to your stories, not your tongue."

"Gee, thanks. Do you have any cuckolding experiences?"

"Once, a long time ago. I've role played a cuckolding bitch a few times. Most guys want to participate by jerking off the boyfriend or cleaning up her pussy afterwards. I find it interesting that you just want to watch."

Gilbert shuddered. "I'm not interested in participating. It might as well be a threesome if I took part."

"I understand. One other guy had a fantasy similar to yours, except that his wife tied one hand loosely. The rope had a loop in it that she could hook on the headboard to take his hand away from his cock. She and her boyfriend would sit on the side of the bed and watch him play with himself for a while before she would pull his hand away. She made him get himself hard before she and her boyfriend ignored him."

"Mmm, that's mean. I could see my girlfriend doing something like that to me."

"Yes, I thought you'd like that." Jaicie fingered her clit, enjoying the sensations shooting through her body. "Do you want to talk about any other fantasies?"

"Well, I do have this fantasy..."

"Mmm, what is it?"

"I have a shed in the backyard. I'd like a woman to shackle me inside in the morning, and lock the door. I'd like her to leave me locked in the shed for a couple of hours."

Jaicie sat up in the bed. "Wow, that's intense. What do you mean by shackle?"

"I have these leather wrist and ankle restraints. She'd padlock the wrist restraints to chains hanging from the ceiling and padlock the ankle restraints to chains bolted to the floor."

"Ah, I see. She'd lock you in a standing spread-eagle position. Are you clothed or naked?"

"I'd prefer to be naked. It's going to be hot enough in the shed without clothing."

Jaicie laughed. "I see. And I'm wearing a skimpy bikini, right?"

"Yep. Or nothing at all."

"Right. I'm sure the neighbors wouldn't mind. So what am I doing while you're roasting in the shed?"

"Whatever you want, I suppose. Watch TV, sit out by the pool, whatever."

"You have a pool in your yard?"

"No, but in the fantasy I can have a pool."

Jaicie laughed. "Ok, I'll lay out by the pool, then. Sounds like an interesting fantasy. Maybe you'll find a woman that will do that someday."

Gilbert's voice saddened. "Probably not. I doubt I'll ever have a girlfriend like that."

Jaicie knew how he felt. She wasn't living her fantasies either. "I understand."

"I wish you were my girlfriend."

Jaicie heard this many times before, usually in a joking tone of voice. She tried to laugh it off. "Sure, every guy wants a phone sex operator for a girlfriend. I'm sure you'll find someone."

"I doubt it."

Jaicie could feel the sadness in Gilbert's voice. Shit, if it were that easy to find kinky girlfriends, phone sex operators wouldn't have a business. Since when did she start caring so much about her clients' happiness? Since Gilbert called, she realized. Better think of something to lighten the mood.

"So, when I unlock the shed after a couple of hours, what happens then?"

After a long pause, Gilbert answered, "You come in holding a glass of iced tea. You tease me by holding the glass just out of my tongue's reach. You won't let me lick the outside of the glass, much less drink any of the tea."

Jaicie laughed. "That's very mean and bitchy. And you standing there, drenched in sweat."

"I'd probably be rather dry if I were locked in the shed long enough. I'd be nearly dehydrated."

"Hmm, how do you know so much about being locked in a shed? Have you done this before?"

"No, I've never had the opportunity. I've worked outside in the heat of the day before. I'm guessing."

"Oh. Then what?"

"You hold up a glass of your pee for me to drink."

Jaicie smiled. "And you drink my pee. Have you drunk pee before?"

"Not out of a glass. I once laid in the bathtub and had a woman pee on my face."

"Did you like that?"

"It was interesting tasting her pee, but I haven't wanted to repeat the experience."

"I see. I've done a few pee role plays but I've never peed on anyone."

"Tell me about the role plays."

"Well, I've seen pictures of a tiny stool with a hole in the middle. I have the guy lie under the stool while I squat on it. I pee on him and he cleans my pussy with his tongue."

"Mmm, that would be interesting to try. Where does the pee go?"

Jaicie laughed. "All over the floor, I guess."

Gilbert smiled. "I really enjoy talking with you, Jaicie. I can tell you're a nice person that can act like a bitch. I've spoken with too many bitches that try to act like a nice person."

"Thank you Gilbert. I've never heard anyone describe me that way before." Jaicie looked over at the clock. Darn, the hour's more than over. "Gilbert, I'm sorry but our time is up. Call again soon; I had a fantastic time talking with you."

"Sure. Have a good evening."

"You too. Bye."

"Bye."

Jaicie leaned back, squeezing her clit, thinking about locking Gilbert in a shed, until she had a violent orgasm.

Gilbert thought he was connecting with Jaicie, but he wasn't sure whether she liked him or his money. As time passed Gilbert and Jaicie revealed more about themselves in their emails. Gilbert, who started out lusting after Jaicie's pictures, cared more and more about her as a person.

Jaicie thought about Gilbert more than any other client. She had to keep reminding herself that he was a client, but it became more difficult. Gilbert would call every other week or so, and they would talk about themselves and their feelings. Even though Gilbert was still paying for hour calls, the clock went out the window. They would talk for ninety, one hundred minutes, or as long as two hours. Jaicie may have wanted to talk longer, but Gilbert didn't want to impose on her time too much.

During one call Jaicie mentioned that she had worked as an outcall dominatrix. Gilbert asked her to come see him, and she jokingly replied that he couldn't afford her. Afterwards, he occasionally asked her during a call to come and dominate him, so one day near the end of a call she decided to play along.

"Ok, you want me to fly down there and dominate you. It'll cost $4,000 for a weekend, plus the hotel room." Jaicie figured that was so expensive that he'd stop bugging her now.

Gilbert swallowed hard before he could answer. "Ok Jaicie. What weekends are you available?"

Jaicie was amazed. "I'll have to check my calendar and get back to you."

"Great. I'll be looking forward to your visit."

"Ok, bye."

"Bye."

Gilbert was excited that he was going to meet Jaicie, and that she was going to dominate him.

Jaicie wondered if she really wanted to meet Gilbert. Who was she kidding, of course she wanted to meet him and spend time with him. He seemed a very safe way from her to act out some domination fantasies. She worried whether she could be bitchy enough for him. Could she be $4,000 bitchy? She figured she'd better finish reading his stories and come up with some new and exciting torments for him.

Jaicie emailed Gilbert with three weekends and her requirements. He emailed back that the weekend of April second and third was good for him, and that she'd be staying in the Capital Hill Marriott in Washington DC. She had three weeks to prepare.

Jaicie called up a casual fuck buddy, Corbin, and explained what she needed from him. He was to fly with her, and discreetly watch in case Gilbert gave Jaicie any trouble. She called the Marriott and made a reservation for Corbin.

Gilbert had everything on Jaicie's list, except for a pin prick cock sheath. He had trouble finding one, as many online BDSM stores did not carry it. Finally, he found one and ordered it even though the store did not have a good picture of the sheath. It arrived a couple of days before Jaicie.

Lastly, Jaicie emailed Gilbert and told him that the pictures on the website were of a model and not her. Gilbert was concerned, and hoped he wouldn't be too shocked at her appearance.

Gilbert waited for Jaicie at the airport. A nice looking brunette, about 5' 4", came up to him and said, "I'm Jaicie, follow me."

Gilbert followed Jaicie outside, where she lit a cigarette and took a puff. "Rub my neck and shoulders, slave," she commanded. Her shoulders felt stiff from the flight, and his rubbing felt so good. She hoped she could "Yes Mistress." Gilbert stood behind Jaicie and rubbed her shoulders while she smoked. He wondered what she was planning to do.

After Jaicie put her cigarette out, she turned to face Gilbert and demanded, "Are you willing to obey my every command, slave?"

"Yes Mistress," Gilbert replied.

"Good. Get my bags and let's go to the hotel." Gilbert followed Jaicie to baggage claim, and picked up the suitcase she pointed out. She followed him to his car and sat in silence, looking out the window on the drive to the hotel.

After Gilbert checked in and parked his car in the hotel garage, he brought the suitcases up to the suite, which had a kitchenette, a small dining room, a love seat, and a plush king size bed with a brass headboard and footboard.

Jaicie kicked her shoes off, sat down in the middle of the bed, and lit a cigarette. "Unpack my suitcase, slave, and show me what you brought in yours."

"Yes Mistress." Gilbert put Jaicie's underwear in a drawer and hung her clothes up. He noticed as he was putting her bras away that she was a C cup. He opened up his suitcase, put his clothes away, and laid out the handcuffs, ankle cuffs, ropes, ties, and pin prick cock sheath on the bed.

Jaicie picked up the cock sheath and felt the pricks with her fingertips. "How does this feel on you, slave?"

Gilbert looked at the floor. "I have no idea Mistress. I've never worn it before."

Jaicie laughed. "Well, lets find out." She put out her cigarette and got up from the bed. "Drop your pants, slave."

Gilbert undid his belt and pulled down his pants and underwear. His cock sprung free.

Jaicie smiled. She wrapped the sheath around Gilbert's cock and buckled the three buckles. Her hands touching his cock caused it to harden some. She buckled it snugly but hopefully not too tight. "How does that feel, slave?"

"I can feel the pricks, Mistress."

"Really. Shit, I haven't stripped yet. What's going to happen to your poor cock when I'm naked, slave?"

Gilbert's cock hardened even more. "Ouch."

"Mmm, just thinking about me naked gets you hard slave. Good. Pull up your underwear and pants."

Gilbert pulled up his underwear and his pants.

Jaicie saw the sheath through his pants, but it wasn't too noticeable. "Slave, I want you to go down to the bar and get a table near the bar. You may drink, but don't get drunk. I'll be down a little later to flirt with the guys at the bar. You are to stay in the bar until I call for you on the hotel phone, in case I meet someone and want to get to know him better."

Gilbert smiled. "Yes Mistress. Ouch." He leaves and finds a table at the bar.

Jaicie called Corbin and asked him to meet her at the bar. She took a shower and picked out a sheer beige blouse, blue boucle jacket and skirt. She decided to be extra naughty and skip the panties and bra. She saw Gilbert seated at a table near the bar, and a couple of cute guys near the end of the bar so she walked up between them. They both offered to buy her a drink, so she sat with them and talked.

Gilbert sipped his neat scotch, watching Jaicie drink and flirt with different guys at the bar. His heart sank a little when she left the bar with one of the guys she met. He wondered how long she would be gone before she called him.

Corbin was impressed when he saw Jaicie's suite. "Wow, this is nice. My room is much smaller." He got a beer from the mini-fridge and sat down on the love seat.

Jaicie got a bottled water from the mini-fridge and sat down next to Corbin. "I had to pay for your room. Let's review tomorrow's plans."

"Ok. Tomorrow, you and your slave are visiting the Smithsonian for a few hours. Afterwards, you'll bring him back here to torture him some more. That evening, you're going to call me, and we're going to fuck while he watches."

Jaicie sipped her water. "Yes, that's the basic idea. Don't be surprised if I come up with some impromptu things for you to do."

"Sounds like fun." Corbin sipped his beer. "Is slave coming back any time soon?"

"No." Jaicie giggled. "I told him to stay in the bar until I called him."

"In that case," Corbin put his beer down. "Why don't we practice for tomorrow?"

Jaicie put her water down. "Sounds like a great idea."

Corbin kissed Jaicie. "When did you start smoking again?"

Jaicie put her hand on Corbin's side. "My slave has a smoking fetish."

"Oh, ok." Corbin cupped his hand on Jaicie's breast and squeezed. "Mmm, braless I see."

Jaicie kissed Corbin. "You mean you feel."

Corbin snickered as he stood up and pulled Jaicie to her feet. He slid her out of her jacket and unbuttoned her blouse. She unbuttoned his shirt. He sat down on the bed and took off his shoes and socks as she kicked off her shoes and undid her skirt. She helped him out of his pants and underwear and they cuddled and kissed each other on the bed.

Jaicie climbed on top of Corbin and rode his stiff cock to a couple of intense orgasms before she collapsed on his chest. He rubbed her back as she rubbed his shoulder. Rolling off him, she got up on her hands and knees, licking his cock like an ice cream until it got hard. Taking it into her mouth, sucking on his quivering rod. Cupping his balls in her hand and sucking until he exploded in her mouth. She swallowed, and sat up on the bed, smiling.

Corbin stared lovingly at Jaicie's face. "Wow Jaicie, that was great!"

"You're welcome Corbin." Jaicie got up to get her water and his beer. She took a sip and handed Corbin the bottle.

Corbin took a couple of quick sips and grinned.

Jaicie smacked his ankle with her hand. "Get going. I want to torture slave some more tonight."

Corbin got up and kissed Jaicie. "That's my bitch. Fuck 'em and leave 'em, right."

Jaicie smiled. "Right. That way you won't watch a porn movie and run up my bill."

Corbin laughed, kissed Jaicie, got dressed and left.

Jaicie called room service and ordered a pork tenderloin platter. She called the bar and had Gilbert paged. When he answered, she commanded, "Come up to the room, slave."

Jaicie was sitting on the bed when Gilbert came into the suite. She wore a bathrobe. "Strip, slave," she commanded.

Gilbert took off his clothes and put them next to the dresser in the corner.

Jaicie watched Gilbert strip. He seemed pleased with what she'd done to him so far. "Come over by the bed, slave."

Gilbert walked over and stood by the bed.

Jaicie rubbed the cock sheath with her fingers. "How does this feel, slave?"

"It hurts a little, Mistress."

"Can you wear it a while longer for me, slave?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Good. Sit down in that chair."

Gilbert sat down in the chair behind the table. Jaicie tied his wrists to the arms of the chair and his ankles to the legs of the chair with some rope. She heard a knock at the door, and went to see who it was. The bellhop put the pork tenderloin on the table and silently snickered while she fished out a few dollars for a tip.

After the bellhop left, Jaicie turned to Gilbert and smiled. "You'll get nothing to eat this weekend. You'll watch while I eat. Do you understand, slave?"

Gilbert grinned. "Yes Mistress."

"Good." Jaicie sat down and nibbled on her pork tenderloin while she talked about her flight and her week. Afterwards, she got up, put the food tray in the hall, and took a shower. When she came out, she didn't bother to put a robe on. She walked over to the end table, got a cigarette, and scrutinized Gilbert's face while she smoked to see if she could tell how much pain the cock sheath was causing him.

Gilbert was happy to see Jaicie naked. She had nice rounded breasts and a cute ass. He winced at the pain in his cock as he watched her light a cigarette and take a puff. He wondered what she had in mind next.

Jaicie put the cigarette in the ashtray and came over to Gilbert. She untied him from the chair and led him over to the bed. "Lie down, slave."

Gilbert got into bed.

Jaicie tied his wrists together with a length of rope. She tied his wrists to the headboard. She tied his ankles together and to the footboard. She climbed on his chest, straddling him, picked up her cigarette and took a puff. "Do you know what I did while you waited in the bar, slave?"

Gilbert was pretty sure what happened. He glanced at Jaicie's lovely clean-shaven pussy, tantalizingly near. "What Mistress?"

"I brought that guy I met at the bar up here and we fucked. I'd have you lick his come out of my pussy, but it's getting late and I'm tired.

Gilbert trembled at the thought of licking another man's come from Jaicie's pussy. He was glad she didn't make him do that, but sorry that he wasn't going to eat her pussy tonight.

Jaicie put her cigarette out and moved her pussy into Gilbert's face. "Kiss my clit goodnight, slave."

Gilbert sweetly kissed Jaicie's clit.

Jaicie rolled off Gilbert, turned the light out, and pulled the covers over him and herself.

Gilbert lay awake for a while, trying to relax his arm muscles, wondering what Jaicie had planned for tomorrow.

The next morning, Jaicie rolled out of bed and took a shower. After throwing a robe on, she came back and unbuckled the cock sheath. Rubbing her fingernails on Gilbert's cock, she smiled at the impressions the pins left in his cock. She untied him, and called room service while he showered. She tied him to the dining room chair and enjoyed her eggs benedict and toast while telling him what she had planned for the day.

After breakfast, Jaicie put on a nice red sweatshirt and jeans over a white cotton bra and panty set. She put the food tray in the hall, untied Gilbert, and sat on the love seat while he got dressed. They walked to the Smithsonian Natural History museum to see the Hope diamond and other gemstones of interest. Every so often, Jaicie would take Gilbert outside and have him rub her neck and shoulders while she smoked. The time spent with him convinced her even more that the feelings of interest she had towards him were genuine.

Jaicie had lunch at the museum cafeteria. She picked out a chicken salad and a liter of Pinot. Gilbert sat across from her as she leisurely ate her lunch. After a couple of hours at the American History museum, they walked back to the hotel. After he took off his clothes and took a shower, she handcuffed his wrists in front of him and cuffed his ankles together. She helped him kneel on the floor by the love seat. She undressed and took a shower.

After Jaicie's shower, she buckled the cock sheath on Gilbert's cock and tied his wrists to the head of his cock with a thin cord. She put a large glass ashtray in his hands, sat down on the sofa, and lit a cigarette. She made him pull on the head of his cock with his wrists whenever she flicked her ashes in the ashtray. She read from "The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty" and smoked a couple more cigarettes.

Gilbert enjoyed holding an ashtray for Jaicie, but he wondered how long she was going to read. The ashtray felt heavier and heavier, and just when he thought he couldn't hold it any longer, she put the novel down and took the ashtray from his hands.

Jaicie helped Gilbert stand up by the bed. She spread a towel on the bed, sat down, and took her time shaving her legs and pussy. She glanced up at him every so often, wondering if she was boring him making him watch her shave.

Gilbert enjoyed watching Jaicie shave her legs and pussy. He liked the way she moved around on the bed to get to different parts of her legs. He was amazed at how she looked at the ceiling as she shaved her pussy, knowing where her hand needed to be.

After Jaicie finished shaving and wiping her legs and pussy with a towel, she rubbed an Aloe Vera gel everywhere she shaved. Lying sideways on the bed, her legs hanging off the side, she commanded, "Eat my pussy, slave."

Gilbert knelt down beside the bed and licked. He could taste a little of the gel as he sucked on her clit. He felt the points prick his stiffening cock as he licked the juices from her pussy and nibbled on her clit until she pushed his head away and convulsed with an orgasm.

After Jaicie rested a while, she got up and helped Gilbert stand up. She unlocked the handcuffs and ankle cuffs, and tied him to the dining room chair. She picked up the phone and called Corbin's room.

"Hello, this is Jaicie. How are you?"

"Would you like to come up for dinner?"

"Great, see you then, bye."

Jaicie hung up and turned to Gilbert. "Guess who's coming to dinner, slave?"

Gilbert was pretty sure he knew who. "Who Mistress?"

Jaicie grinned as he put her bathrobe on. "Corbin, the guy I met last night in the bar. He should be here in a few minutes. If he asks you anything you will answer him honestly; otherwise I want you to be quiet while he's here."

"Yes Mistress."

Jaicie heard a knock on the door and went to answer it. Corbin sat down on the love seat. Jaicie picked up the room service menu and sat down next to him. "What do you want for dinner?"

Corbin looked over the menu. "The New York Strip steak looks good."

Jaicie kissed Corbin on the cheek as she got up. She went over to the phone and ordered two New York Strip steak platters with baked potato and mixed vegetables, and a bottle of Cabernet Sovereign.

Corbin looked over at Gilbert, then Jaicie. "What does your slave eat?"

Jaicie grinned. "He doesn't. What do you want to do while we're waiting for the food?"

Corbin stood up and slid the bathrobe off Jaicie. "You look lovely tonight."

Jaicie smiled and put her arms around Corbin's neck. "Thank you."

Gilbert watched Corbin kiss and fondle Jaicie. Except for the pricking pain in his cock, he was surprised at how little he felt. He'd always wondered what it would be like to watch someone he cared for fuck someone else, and he was about to find out.

A knock on the door broke Jaicie and Corbin's embrace. Jaicie threw her bathrobe on and opened the door. The bellhop put the food on the table and grinned while Jaicie got a few dollars for the tip. Jaicie and Corbin sat down and enjoyed their dinner together. The steak and potatoes smelled so good. Gilbert didn't realize how hungry he was until he felt his stomach growling.

After an enjoyable dinner and a couple of glasses of wine, Corbin got up and led Jaicie to the bed. She helped him remove his clothes, and they climbed into bed together. After some cuddling and kissing, he got her up on her hands and knees, got behind her, and entered her.

Gilbert watched Jaicie throw her head back and pump to meet Corbin's thrusts. The sounds of her moaning and the scent of her pussy filled the room. He was happy that Jaicie had found a nice young man to fuck; although he envied her for how easily she could meet someone and how quickly she was comfortable enough with him to fuck him.

Corbin held Jaicie and kept her on her hands and knees until her arms could no longer support her, and she collapsed on the bed mewing and sighing. He lay down next to her, cradling her in his arms. Gilbert felt envious of all the cuddling that Corbin was getting. He wished he could be cuddling Jaicie.

After resting a while, Jaicie climbed up on Corbin's still stiff rod. He squeezed her breasts while she bounced on his cock. She suddenly stopped, convulsing and moaning through another orgasm. She collapsed on his chest, making soft mewing sounds as he wrapped his arms around her and held her tight to him.

Jaicie felt all warm and snuggly inside. Corbin was a nice fuck, but she lay there wishing she were cuddling Gilbert. She glanced over at Gilbert, tied helplessly to the chair, and sighed. She wondered if he felt the same way about her.

After resting for a while Jaicie rolled off Corbin. He got up, got dressed, kissed her goodbye, and left. Sometime later she got up from the bed to untie Gilbert. She watched him put the food trays in the hall to make sure he didn't eat any of the cold leftovers. She tied him to the bed, straddled his chest, and lit a cigarette.

"How do you feel, slave?"

"Hungry, and a little tired Mistress."

Jaicie laughed and took a puff of her cigarette. "I'm a bit tired too. What did you think of Corbin?"

"He seemed like a nice guy. It looks like he made you happy."

Jaicie shifted on Gilbert's chest. "Mmm, yes he did. Did you enjoy watching us fuck, slave?"

Gilbert sighed. "Yes Mistress."

Jaicie smiled and took a puff of her cigarette. "I bet the cock sheath kept you from enjoying the show too much, slave."

"Yes Mistress, the pins pricked me the whole time."

Jaicie felt energized after fucking and resting. She decided she wanted to tease Gilbert a bit. She reached behind her and slapped his cock. She studied his face as he winced with each slap. "Doesn't seem numb to me, slave."

"It's waking up now, Mistress."

Jaicie smiled, wondering how she could be even bitchier. She hoped Gilbert felt like he was getting his money's worth. Grinning, she fondled her breasts. "Do you think I have nice tits, slave?"

Gilbert smiled. "Yes Mistress, they're nice and round."

Jaicie took a puff of her cigarette. "You haven't touched my boobs once, but some guy I met last night had his hands all over them. Doesn't seem fair, does it? Would you like to fondle my tits, slave?"

Gilbert perked up at Jaicie's suggestion. "Yes Mistress."

Jaicie threw her chest out. "Go ahead, slave. Squeeze all you want." She held that pose for a while before she laughed and took a puff of her cigarette. "Oh, sorry. Guess you can't with your wrists tied to the headboard."

Gilbert sighed dejectedly. "No Mistress, I can't." He wished she'd untie him and they would cuddle, but he couldn't bear to ask Jaicie to untie him. He was afraid she wouldn't.

Jaicie could see the sadness in Gilbert's face. She hoped he wasn't disappointed with her. Damn it, she was acting as bitchy as she could. She quietly finished her cigarette and moved around until she straddled Gilbert's face with her pussy, in a sixty-nine position. "Eat me, slave. I want another couple of orgasms."

"Yes Mistress," Gilbert responded as Jaicie buried her pussy in his mouth. Sucking and swallowing her pussy juices kept him from dwelling on his disappointment. He cleaned up her juices before nibbling on her clit. She tickled his balls with her fingertips until she felt the sensations of an orgasm. The second waves rolled in quickly after the first, and she slid forward on his chest to rest.

Jaicie touched Gilbert's cock sheath. She wondered if the pins had punctured his cock. She didn't notice any blood. "Did you taste Corbin's cum, slave?"

Jaicie felt Gilbert shudder as he answered, "No Mistress." She was pleased at how bitchy she was behaving.

Jaicie grinned. "Too bad. It felt like he left plenty behind." After she rested a while, she slid over on the bed and turned out the lights. She laid her head on Gilbert's chest and held him for a long while before she rolled over on the bed and slept.

Jaicie woke up the next morning and took a shower. She wasn't hungry, but she thought it might be fun to order room service breakfast just to tease Gilbert with food one more time. After washing her hair, she decided against it. After her shower, she sat on the bed and brushed her hair while he watched. She could see in his eyes and the way his body quivered that he wanted to throw his arms around her and embrace her. She wanted that embrace, but she enjoyed the feeling of power she had over him even more.

After Jaicie brushed her hair, she got up and threw a robe on. She unbuckled the cock sheath and was pleased at seeing the deep impressions left by the pins. She untied him from the bed and packed her suitcase while he took his shower. She was dressed and sitting on the bed, smoking a cigarette while he got dressed, packed his things, and brought the bags down to his car.

The trip to the airport was quiet. Gilbert walked with Jaicie to airport security. She kissed him on the cheek. "Thanks for a great weekend. I hope you enjoyed it."
be the super bitch he wanted. Gilbert hugged Jaicie and didn't want to let her go. She smiled at the effect she had on him, and wished she could spend more time with him. He watched her go through security and walk down the concourse. He waved and she turned and waved back before she walked away, leaving him with his memories.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





