BDSM Library - Pussy Whipped




Pussy Whipped
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Two strippers keep submissive man under their control







George lay there on the bed, tugging helplessly against his restraints, looking up at Hypnotic and Summer, wondering how long they would embrace and kiss. Not that he minded watching them, but their cigarettes dangled loosely from their clasped hands above his chest. They hadn't dropped their cigarettes yet, but there was always a first time.

Sometimes Hypnotic and Summer embraced for so long that they let ashes fall. While it wasn't painful, he didn't care for ashes all over his chest and the bed. It was bad enough that they kept the heavy glass ashtray between them on George's stomach. When either of them put a cigarette out he could feel the heat through the glass. It was hot enough to burn him, leaving a little red mark that went away after a few hours.

Hypnotic stole a quick glance at George. She smiled seeing the look of concern on his face. She enjoyed teasing him, and she enjoyed Sunday mornings when Summer could tease him with her. It was more fun to tease him together.

Summer noticed Hypnotic glancing away from her and at George. She enjoyed embracing and kissing Hypnotic. She wished Hypnotic could be more intimate with her, but she accepted that Hypnotic only kissed and fondled her to tease George. She was happy to have these Sunday mornings with Hypnotic.

George breathed a sigh of relief when Hypnotic and Summer broke their embrace and flicked their ashes in the ashtray. He enjoyed watching them sit naked on the bed and smoke. He remembered the last time he fondled their soft perky breasts, months ago. It was the first time he met them.

George and his son, Logan, vacationed in Columbus, Ohio, so that Logan, then sixteen years old, could attend Origins. Origins was a four-day gaming convention the last week in June that included the Pokemon trading card game national championship. Pokemon was and still is Logan's passion. While Logan was in the convention center playing Pokemon, George paid a visit to Dockside Dolls on Friday afternoon to see if he could have some fun. He walked into a mostly empty, nice club. The second dancer he saw came down and sat with him. She was young and tall, with a cute face. She had a couple of drinks with him, and he decided to take her to the Champagne room for an hour. He had a pleasant time talking with her, but afterwards she changed and went home rather than finish her shift.

George was disappointed to see her leave, but about fifteen minutes later, Hypnotic came over to sit with him. She was an older stripper, a little over thirty. She looked like an Italian pixie with her Dorothy Hamilton haircut. After talking over a couple of drinks, George forgot the first stripper. Hypnotic seemed to really enjoy George's erotic stories, and they had a good time in the Champagne room. Before the hour was up, he gave her his card with his email address and phone number. After he returned to his table, she came over and sat with him between dances. He felt very happy he'd met Hypnotic when he left the club.

The next day, Saturday, George decided to return to Dockside Dolls and spend more time with Hypnotic, if she was working. The club was a little busier. He was pleasantly surprised when he saw Hypnotic on stage. He walked over to the stage to tip her, and she gave him a huge hug. As soon as she got off stage, she came over to where George was sitting and sat down with him. Hypnotic asked him if he wanted to go to the Champagne room. George laughed, and said yes, but he couldn't afford it. Hypnotic sighed, but snuggled with George as he bought drinks and told her his stories.

Summer sat down with George and Hypnotic a little while later. She was a tall slender young woman, with shoulder-length blonde hair. George felt great buying both of them drinks and telling them his stories. Hypnotic would excitedly react to the plot twists, while Summer snuggled in his arm. He wondered if she liked his stories. She told him that she hadn't heard stories like his before, and she was interested in hearing them.

Hypnotic came back to George's table after dancing on stage and told him that she'd been talking to the manager, and he agreed that George could take both of them to the Champagne room for the same price as one stripper. George thought about it and decided to spend the $600 for another hour in the Champagne room.

Hypnotic and Summer were happy, even with half the money, because they didn't have to dance while they were in the Champagne room. George sat on the sofa between Hypnotic and Summer, fondling their breasts and playing with their thighs while he told his stories and they smoked. When Hypnotic excused herself to go to the bathroom, George found out that Summer was nineteen and a year into nursing school. George was so happy sitting and talking with Hypnotic and Summer that he paid for two hours with them, which took them to the end of their shift.

George left the club happy and poorer. There's an old saw, "A woman may fake orgasms, but a man can fake a relationship." Well, a stripper that can fake a relationship spends more of her time in the Champagne room, and Hypnotic was one of the best George had met. He'd been disappointed in the past with strippers that insisted they would email and then blew him off. He had a great time with Hypnotic and Summer, but didn't expect that they would contact him, especially since he didn't live in town.

George was pleasantly surprised when both Hypnotic and Summer emailed him separately a couple of weeks after he returned home. He emailed them back with the URL to his stories. Once or twice a month either Hypnotic or Summer would email him, telling him about what they were doing and what was going on in their lives, and he would reply with what was going on in his life. George appreciated the email exchanges, thinking he'd probably never see them again, or possibly seeing them next summer when he returned to Columbus.

George would have thought right, except that six months earlier Columbus passed a law making strip clubs non-smoking. One cold fall day, Hypnotic and Summer were standing outside the back door, smoking.

Summer looked at Hypnotic. "I don't know how long I can put up with this shit."

Hypnotic squeezed her arms together. "I know. It's only October and it's cold as hell out here already. But what can we do?"

Summer rubbed Hypnotic's shoulders. "We could find out if George was serious about us moving in with him."

Hypnotic sighed. "That again. Give it a rest."

Summer put her hands on her hips. "You mention George and his stories once a week at least. You know you like him."

Hypnotic shivered. "But he's so much older than me. I don't know if I could live with him."

Summer put her arms around Hypnotic. "Fuck, he's older than my dad, but cuddling with him beats standing out in the cold."

Hypnotic smiled. "If you like him so much, you ask him to let you move in."

Summer rubbed her hands on Hypnotic's arms. "I'm tempted with this cold weather. I don't think he's all that interested in me. I'm sure he'd prefer the both of us. His kinky stories really turn you on. Me, I just like hearing them."

Hypnotic felt her pussy twitch. "Mmm, you're right. His stories turn me on a lot."

Summer took a puff of her cigarette and smiled. "Exactly. Imagine how much fun it'd be to live with someone with an imagination like that."

Hypnotic put out her cigarette. "You're right. Shit, what have we got to lose?"

Summer shivered. "Standing in the fucking cold, that's what."

Hypnotic and Summer laughed as they went inside to warm up.

George opened his eyes when he felt his cock being stroked. He saw the look of concentration on Summer's face, stroking his cock up and down. He knew that she'd stop before he came, but that didn't stop him from enjoying the sensation. He felt his hips buck as an orgasm approached. He was a few seconds away from coming when she released her grip and stretched her fingers.

Hypnotic laughed. "You're getting better at cock teasing, Summer. He was pretty close."

Summer grinned. "Thanks Hypnotic."

Hypnotic looked at George. "Nice to have you back. What were you daydreaming about?"

"Nothing much, Hypnotic. Just thinking about when I met you and Summer."

Hypnotic smiled. "Tell us one of your stories."

Summer clapped her hands. "Yes, a story."

George cleared his throat as Hypnotic and Summer snuggled on each side of him. He waited until they settled in before starting. "Well, there were these two cruel bitches that loved to tease this older man. They tied him to the bed and teased him by embracing while he watched and by playing with his cock but not letting him..."

Hypnotic sat up and slapped George's cock hard. "Very funny. It's not smart to talk shit about someone when they have him tied up and can do anything to him that they want."

Hypnotic got a cigarette and put the ashtray back on George's stomach. She lit the cigarette, took a puff, and got up. She returned to the bed with a pair of wooden clothespins tied together with an eighteen-inch length of yarn.

"Since you think we're such cruel bitches, I don't want to disappoint you." Hypnotic pinched each of George's nipples and put the clothespins on while Summer cuddled beside him watching, wide-eyed. Summer felt George wince as the clothespins pinched his nipples.

Hypnotic sat up and took a puff of her cigarette. "Now George, tell Summer and I one of your stories. If it's good, I'll take the clothespins off. If not, we'll leave you here with the clothespins on until Logan and Jessie get home from church."

Summer gasped. She would have never dared do anything like this, but she enjoyed watching Hypnotic take control. Her pussy twitched thinking about how bitchy Hypnotic was acting.

Hypnotic looked at Summer. "Wrap your finger around the yarn and pull on it while George tells us a story."

Summer wrapped the yarn around her index finger a couple of times and pulled. Her pussy twitched as she heard George yelp and felt him twitch from the pain. She appreciated the control over him that Hypnotic gave her. It made her pussy wet to act like a bitch.

Hypnotic took a puff of her cigarette. "Well George, we're waiting."

Summer pulled on the yarn and George yelped.

Hypnotic laughed.

After George caught his breath, he started to tell the story, "Just Rewards". It was one of Summer's favorite stories, because she loved to hear how bitchy the wife acted toward her husband after she got a boyfriend. She tugged on the yarn every so often. She felt her pussy twitch when he yelped and she felt his body jerk from the pain. She loved how easy it was to hurt him and how good it felt to be a bitch.

Hypnotic sat on the bed and enjoyed her cigarette. She'd heard this story a few times. She sat and wondered why this was George's favorite story. The wife was such a bitch to her husband after she got a boyfriend. Did he really want them to be so cruel? She was a little miffed at George when she got up to get the clothespins. Did he goad her on purpose? To see what she'd do?

After George finished the story, Hypnotic smiled. "That's better George." She moved the ashtray to the nightstand and looked over at Summer. "Take the clothespins off."

Summer sat up in the bed and squeezed both clothespins to remove them.

George screamed and thrashed as the blood rushed into both his nipples. 

Hypnotic laughed. She thought that Summer might remove both clothespins at the same time. "Next time, one at a time, ok."

Summer looked surprised. "It hurts that much when I take them off?"

"Yes." Hypnotic was still laughing. "The blood rushing back into his nipples is painful." Hypnotic picked up the clothespins and grinned at Summer. "Maybe I should try them on you."

Summer recoiled and put her hands over her breasts. "No way. My nipples are too sensitive for that."

Hypnotic put the clothespins on the nightstand. She turned to Summer. "Now what should we do with George?"

Summer squirmed on the bed. "Um, do you mind if he eats my pussy?"

Hypnotic giggled. "No, I don't mind." She slid back to the foot of the bed and watched Summer climb on George in a sixty-nine position and drop her pussy in his face. She watched Summer lazily tickle his cock and squirm as he licked her pussy and sucked on her clit. She decided to have a little fun. She tickled the sole of his foot and giggled as he laughed in Summer's pussy.

Summer looked up at Hypnotic. "Very funny. Would you let me orgasm before you tickle him?"

Hypnotic pulled her hand away, giggling. "Sorry. I thought you might enjoy him laughing in your pussy." She watched quietly as George licked and sucked Summer to a couple of orgasms. Summer slid forward, mewing contently.

Hypnotic smiled thinking about how Summer's pussy scent was teasing poor George. It had been a week since his last orgasm. She waited until Summer slid off his chest and cuddled next to him before she slid forward and grabbed his cock. She was more experienced at cock teasing and brought him to the brink of orgasm several times. She made him complement her and Summer on their grace and beauty several times before she let him ejaculate.

Hypnotic got a towel from the end table drawer and wiped her hands. She cleaned the come from his cock before she and Summer got up and got dressed. After Hypnotic finished dressing, she untied George from the bed. Hypnotic and Summer went downstairs to fix lunch.

George wiggled his arms and legs until he felt the stiffness dissipate. His nipples were sore, and there were several red burns on his stomach. He pulled the sheet up over him and turned on his side. He looked at the clock on the nightstand and saw he still had a half hour before the kids returned from church.

George closed his eyes and thought about how surprised he was when Hypnotic called him that October evening. After exchanging pleasantries, she asked him if she, Summer, and her seven-year-old daughter, Jessie, could visit for a couple of days. After he picked his mouth off the floor, he said sure. She asked him to send her money for airfare. Suspecting that she might be more interested in the money than the trip, he suggested that they drive to Baltimore instead, and he'd give her the money when they arrived. Surprisingly, she agreed.

Since Summer had the newer car, Hypnotic and Jessie rode with Summer to Baltimore. They stopped in West Virginia to eat lunch and buy cheap cigarettes. They arrived in Baltimore late in the evening. After getting lost a couple of times, and one phone call to George for directions, they found his house.

George gave Hypnotic and Summer a hug, and introduced Jessie to Logan. Logan took Jessie into the basement to show her the computer. Hypnotic, Summer, and George sat down in the living room and talked about the drive and the plans for the next couple of days. It was getting late, so Hypnotic showed Jessie where to take a bath and the bedroom she'd be sleeping in. Summer and George went to the bedroom and cuddled for a while until Hypnotic joined them. The queen-size bed wasn't big enough for the three of them to sleep, so Summer went back downstairs and watched TV until she fell asleep on the couch.

The next morning George and Hypnotic went downstairs and had breakfast together. Hypnotic woke Summer long enough for her to go upstairs and go back to sleep in the bed. Hypnotic woke up her daughter, and George took them to the zoo. It was a bit cool to be outside for long, so they went to the aquarium and had a great time. Jessie really enjoyed the dolphin show.

When they got back home, Logan was playing Zelda on the Gamecube in the living room. Jessie joined him, and he showed her how to play the game. Hypnotic made a nice spaghetti and meat sauce dinner. While dinner was cooking, Summer returned from checking out the local strip clubs. She and Hypnotic talked while Hypnotic finished making the garlic bread.

After dinner, when the kids were playing on the computer in the basement, Hypnotic, Summer, and George sat in the living room discussing the day's events. George was fascinated listening to Summer tell them about the strip clubs she visited. He'd never heard so much "inside" stripper talk before. George suggested a movie, and they watched "National Treasure" before George and Hypnotic went to bed.

Hypnotic cuddled with George for a while before they went to sleep. She smiled at how nice he'd been to Jessie and her all day. He hadn't forced himself on her or Summer. As long as she could control him, she thought she might be happy living with him. After a while they drifted off to sleep.

George took Hypnotic, Jessie, and Summer to Washington DC the next day. Logan wanted to stay home and play video games, so George let him. They spent the day touring the Museum of Natural History, and saw the Hope diamond and the dinosaur exhibit. They saw the Washington Monument, the White House, and the Capitol, but didn't get to go inside. By the time they got back home everyone was tired, so they all just vegged out in the living room watching TV and snacking until bedtime.

The next morning, after a nice breakfast, it was time for Hypnotic, Jessie, and Summer to return to Ohio. After hugs and goodbyes, they got in the car and drove away. George waved bye, and went inside to clean up.

Summer hadn't driven to the interstate yet before she turned to Hypnotic. "So, when do you want to move here?"

Hypnotic hissed at Summer, "Could we discuss this another time?"

Jessie grinned at her mother. "I had a great time. Could we come back soon?"

Hypnotic sighed. She knew she was outnumbered. Besides, she'd had a good time too. She thought about living in a nice house and having more time to spend with her daughter all the way back to Ohio.

It took a couple of months for Hypnotic and Summer to finalize plans for the move, plus Hypnotic wanted to wait until after Christmas so that Jessie could spend the holiday season with her relatives. George agreed to support Hypnotic, Summer, and Jessie. Summer agreed that she would keep working for money for school and to pay for her car expenses. Since Summer couldn't start nursing school again until at least the fall, she had several months where she could work full time. Plus, tuition would be cheaper if she lived in Maryland for six months and established residency. George had a car and a van, so Hypnotic could use the van to drive the kids around. Hypnotic sold her junker before the move. 

At first Logan wasn't terribly excited about having other people living in the house, but he adjusted after a couple of weeks. Jessie was thrilled to get her own bedroom. George realized after the visit he needed another bedroom so he cleaned out a room he'd been using for storage and bought some bedroom furniture. At first he thought Summer would be sleeping in the extra bedroom, but as it turned out, Hypnotic wound up sleeping there.

George worked in Washington DC, so he had to wake up early in the morning to get ready for work. Hypnotic hated waking up so early, so after Summer had been working in the Gold Club for a few months, and could move to night shift, Hypnotic slept in the extra bedroom. Summer was already up, winding down from work, when George needed to wake up and get ready for work. 

George opened his eyes and looked up at the clock on the dresser. Logan and Jessie would be home in about ten minutes. He got up, got dressed, and went downstairs. Hypnotic had made turkey and ham sandwiches and potato salad for lunch. He helped them set the table. Logan and Jessie went upstairs to change out of their good clothes before lunch.

After lunch Summer went upstairs to take a nap. Logan and Jessie went downstairs to play on the computer. George and Hypnotic cuddled on the sofa watching movies on cable. At six, Summer came downstairs, kissed George and Hypnotic goodbye, and left for work.
At eight, after Hypnotic made sure Jessie had taken a bath and gone to bed, Hypnotic and George went up to the bedroom. Hypnotic watched George get undressed, and handcuffed his hands behind his back. She took her time taking off her clothes and lay down on the bed sideways, with her legs hanging off the bed.

After Hypnotic picked up her romance novel, George knelt on the floor and licked her pussy. He licked softly while she read, enough that she felt it, but not so much that she'd drop the book. After reading for about an hour, she put the book down. He sucked and nibbled on her clit while she fondled her breasts until she had an explosive orgasm.

Hypnotic helped George stand up, and sit on the bed. She locked the handcuffs to the headboard, and locked his ankles to the footboard with ankle cuffs. She tickled his cock until it was nice and hard, kissed him goodnight, and turned off the lights on the way out.

George went to sleep after a while. He'd grown used to sleeping with his wrists and ankles cuffed, but he remembered how hard it was for him to sleep the first couple of weeks after Hypnotic and Summer decided to have George sleep restrained.

When Hypnotic and Summer first moved in, they were interested in controlling George's orgasms. Hypnotic enjoyed the idea of making him beg to come, and Summer thought it would be fun to control him that way. George had a locking cock cage, but it wouldn't stay on when he walked around. They investigated several cock cages and cock restraints on the Internet, but none of them turned out to be practical for long-term wear. Hypnotic and Summer decided that one of them could always watch George when he was home, so he couldn't masturbate without them knowing. They figured he wouldn't masturbate at work, and for the most part, they were right.

The only time neither Hypnotic nor Summer could watch George was when he was sleeping. George was surprised the first time Hypnotic told him she wanted to lock him to the bed, but he let her cuff his wrists and ankles. He twisted and turned for hours, finally falling asleep exhausted. He was startled when Summer decided to wake him up by plopping her pussy in his face. He had no idea what was happening. He struggled helplessly for a while until he woke up completely and realized what Summer had done. Since that first night, he adjusted to sleeping while locked to the bed. 

Summer enjoyed coming home to a quiet house after work. Most mornings after work she'd come home tired and relax on the sofa for a while before going upstairs and unlocking George from the bed. She might tickle his cock a little. But some nights, like tonight, she'd meet an interesting customer at work and come home energized. She appreciated knowing George was bound to the bed on mornings when she felt horny like this. Her pussy twitched thinking about him licking and sucking her clit.

After going to the bathroom and taking a long, relaxing shower, Summer slipped into the bedroom. George was snoring. Quietly, she climbed on the bed and dropped her pussy on his face. She snickered as she thought about him waking up with his nose buried in her pussy. It took a few moments for him to wake up, but she felt his tongue licking her pussy and around her clit. She twitched a little when he nibbled on her clit. She moaned when he alternated licking and sucking on her clit until she had an orgasm. After recuperating, she ground her pussy into his face until he licked and sucked her to another orgasm.

Summer slid forward to rest for a few minutes before unlocking George from the bed. She watched him get dressed and talked about work while she ate breakfast with him. She enjoyed her time alone with him. Sometimes, she felt like George and Hypnotic's daughter, though neither of them treated her that way. She appreciated Hypnotic cooking and washing for her; although sometimes she would feel a twinge of envy that Hypnotic didn't have to strip any more. After he left for work, she went to bed.

Hypnotic woke up to the alarm. Groaning, she got up and woke up Jessie and Logan for school. Logan was a junior in high school, so his bus came about an hour earlier than Jessie's. While they got dressed, Hypnotic made breakfast. After feeding the kids and sending them to school, Hypnotic got dressed. After cleaning up and starting some laundry, Hypnotic sat on the couch and watched TV.

Summer woke up around one, and came downstairs to see what Hypnotic was doing. After they finished putting away the laundry, they took turns holding ankles while the other did her crunches. Summer respected that Hypnotic did crunches with her. After fifteen minutes each on the Health Rider, they took a shower together. Afterwards, they spread a couple of towels and sat on the queen size bed, talking about Summer's work and how they could tease and torment George while shaving their legs and arms, and shaving each other's pussies.

After school, Jessie and Logan would play on the computer for a while before starting on their homework. They knew that dinner would be at or near six. Dinner was scheduled for six because George usually got home from work just before six, unless the train was late, while Summer needed to be ready for work before seven. Dinner was the only time the five of them would be together most days, and Hypnotic and George made an effort to have the whole family eat dinner together.

After dinner, Summer left for work. Hypnotic and George watched TV while Jessie and Logan played together. After Hypnotic put Jessie to bed, she got George from the sofa and led him into the bedroom. She sat on the bed and watched while George got undressed. After locking his wrists behind his back in handcuffs and locking his ankles in ankle cuffs, she did a sexy striptease while he helplessly stood and watched. She held him and rubbed her nipples all over his chest before she lay down on the bed, her legs hanging off the side.

George knelt down and lightly licked Hypnotic's pussy while she read a romance novel. He licked softly while she read. After about an hour, she put the book down. He sucked and nibbled on her clit while she fondled her breasts until she had an orgasm.

Hypnotic helped George stand up, and sit on the bed. She locked the handcuffs to the headboard, and locked his ankles to the footboard with ankle cuffs. She tickled his cock until it was nice and hard, kissed him goodnight, and turned off the lights on the way out. He wondered how Summer would wake him up as he drifted off to sleep.

Except for the unusual sexual relationship, Hypnotic, Summer, and George developed a stable family life. Hypnotic appreciated how established her life had become, and grew to value George and the support he provided her and Jessie, even though he was twelve years older. Summer appreciated how easy her life had become. All the money from stripping went to her car expenses and college fund. With her other expenses taken care of, she was saving money for the first time since leaving her parents. If her parents had been as cool as Hypnotic and George, she probably would have never left home. She was thankful that Hypnotic and George never forced her to do anything she didn't want to. Because she could stay out any night she wanted, she rarely wanted to stay out. She would occasionally go out for drinks with some of the other dancers after work.

George was happy for the first time in several years. Hypnotic was becoming a mother to Logan. While not replacing his birth mother, both George and Logan were happy to have a mothering influence in Logan's life again. Finally, George was thrilled to have two beautiful women teasing him sexually. While it wasn't exactly what he had fantasized, it was close enough. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





