BDSM Library -  Submissive Stepmother




 Submissive Stepmother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young woman blackmails stepmother into submission.






Laura stood against the wall, wearing only panties. The chains made sure she stood there. The 10-inch vibrator humming in her pussy and the C-clamps on her nipples kept her aroused. She'd been Barbara's sex slave for most of the summer. Long enough to appreciate everything Barbara had done to her. She'd even lost twelve pounds. As she watched Barbara watch television, she thought about how her life had turned out. 

Barbara's mother had died in a car accident when she was nine. After the shock of the death wore down, her dad, Patrick, raised her as best he could. She had settled into a pretty good relationship with him when he started dating Laura. Barbara was opposed to the idea of her father dating. Laura made an effort to be very nice to Barbara, and after a while Barbara started confiding in Laura and asking her opinion. Patrick married Laura when Barbara was fourteen. Life with Patrick and Barbara was pretty good those few years. Barbara was seventeen and a few months from going off to college when Patrick was killed during a botched robbery at a gas station.

Laura reacted by withdrawing, while Barbara whined and bitched. Laura winced at the memory. Both of them acted relieved when Barbara went off to college. College was challenging and exciting for Barbara and helped her to get through her mourning. Laura had the house to herself. The shock of Patrick's death hit her with full force, and she spent weeks mourning and weeping.

Barbara didn't call her stepmother the first semester. She went home with a friend during the Christmas holidays. It was a month before spring break when she called home. They were both cool on the phone, but Barbara agreed to come home over spring break for a visit. The visit went pretty well. Both Laura and Barbara made an effort to improve the relationship, and when Barbara left, Laura was happier.

Barbara came back to spend the summer, and Laura's relationship with her improved. Barbara came home to visit regularly. The relationship was mending pretty well until Laura met John in the fall of Barbara's junior year. Barbara met John over the Christmas holidays. John and Laura were happy together, but Barbara was uneasy. When she returned home to spend the summer, she found out John stayed over on the weekends with Laura.

Barbara dragged herself out of bed, made herself a cup of coffee, and sat down at the breakfast table. She hadn't slept very well. John and Laura had sex all night. Barbara could hear the moans and grunts through the wall. She sipped on her coffee and wondered how she would endure the entire summer with them. She was finishing her coffee when Laura and John came into the kitchen. Laura made a cup of coffee for John and herself, and they sat down.

"Morning, Barbara." John grinned.

"Morning, John." Barbara tried to smile.

John put his arm around Laura. "We're driving up to the mountains today. Would you like to come along, Barbara?"

"No thanks. I already have plans."

"Ok, then. Maybe we can do something later."

John and Laura finished their coffee and left. Barbara went upstairs to get dressed, and heard John and Laura fucking again. Barbara was sitting in the living room reading when John and Laura came downstairs and left. Barbara watched television for a while. She got up and made herself lunch. While she was eating, she got the mischievous idea to look through her stepmother's room.

Barbara went upstairs and went in the room. It looked the same as the last time she'd been there. She opened the nightstand drawer, and found a couple of 10-inch vibrators and a dozen condoms. She smiled. At least they're having safe sex. She opened the closet door, and looked at through all of her stepmother's outfits. She found a few bedroom outfits and wondered if her stepmother had worn them for her dad. She pulled down some shoeboxes from the closet shelf. Most of them contained stockings or pantyhose, and she put them back. One box was a little heavy, so she was careful getting it down. The box was full of photographs. She put the box on the bed.

Barbara looked through the dresser drawers. She stopped when she got to the bras. There were several black, red, and purple Victoria's Secret satin bras. She picked one up and held it in her hands. She felt the satin with her fingers and saw the size tag, 38D. She could smile now about her B-cup breasts, but all of the conversations that she'd had with Laura as a teenager came flooding back into her mind. She smiled as she remembered how concerned she was that her breasts weren't growing. She remembered how Laura comforted and reassured her.

Barbara found two pairs of handcuffs, clothespins, mousetraps, some ties and some lengths of rope in the back of a bottom dresser drawer. She looked back at the brass headboard and footboard, grinned, and wondered whether Laura was the dominant or the submissive.

Barbara picked up the box of photographs and went to her room. The photographs on top were family pictures. She was still looking through the family pictures when John and Laura came home. She could hear them taking a shower. She was looking at the photos when she heard a knock on the door. She put the box in her closet and opened the door. Laura was dressed up.

"Barbara, we're going out for dinner. We'd like you to join us."

"Uh, I'd rather stay in."

"Barbara, please. I want you to join us."

"Ok Laura, let me get ready."

"Sure honey, we'll be waiting downstairs."

Barbara threw on a nice yellow dress and went downstairs. They went out to a nice restaurant and had a pretty good time. Barbara still felt uneasy around John, but she couldn't figure out why. He seemed to be nice enough and Laura was very happy with him. After dinner they returned home. Barbara changed into a long t-shirt. She heard John and Laura having sex. Barbara got a 10-inch vibrator from the nightstand drawer and thought about a hard cock as she masturbated herself to sleep.

Barbara woke up and remembered the box of pictures. She got it out, and spent the morning looking at family pictures. She put aside the ones she wanted to keep, and put the rest of the pictures back in the envelopes. It was almost lunchtime before she'd gotten near the bottom of the box. She picked up an envelope and opened it. She was shocked then laughed when she saw pictures of her dad and Laura naked. She picked up a picture of her dad and grinned. She found him and his cock to be quite attractive. Embarrassed, she put the picture to the side. She picked up a picture of Laura and stared. Her areolas were huge, and her nipples were almost as big as Barbara's little finger. Laura had neatly trimmed pussy hair. She put the picture to the side. She put the box of pictures away in the closet, and put the pictures she wanted to keep in her nightstand drawer.

John and Laura were eating when Barbara came downstairs. Barbara fixed herself a sandwich and joined them.

"Afternoon, Barbara." John smiled.

"Afternoon, John." Barbara smiled and ate.

John kissed Laura and left.

Barbara finished her sandwich and went back upstairs. She took a bath and trimmed her pussy hairs. She got the box of photographs and looked through the last couple of envelopes. She whistled as she looked through pictures of a young Laura working in a strip club. A devilish plan popped into her mind. She put the pictures aside, put the family pictures back in the box, and put the box in her closet. She got dressed, and went downstairs.

"Laura, I'm going shopping." Barbara called out as she left.

Barbara went to the mall. She bought three red and three white satin bras and panties at Victoria's Secret. She looked at some dresses, but didn't see anything she liked. Laura wasn't home when Barbara returned. She returned the box of pictures to Laura's closet, checked to make sure the bondage stuff was still in the dresser drawer, and returned to her room. She tried on one of the satin bras and panties, and was amazed at how nice they felt against her skin. She got dressed and worked on making her plan happen.

It took a couple of weeks to get everything together. John had already left for the week, and she'd have Laura to herself. She left one of the strip club pictures on the kitchen table, and went into the living room to watch television. It didn't take long.

Laura stormed out of the kitchen and stood in front of Barbara, hands on her hips. "Young lady, what were you doing looking through my pictures?"

Barbara calmly turned off the television. "I don't think you should use that tone of voice with me, Laura."

Laura's face reddened. "I'll yell at you any damn time I want to, Barbara! Give me back my pictures."

Barbara looked up at Laura. "I don't think so."

Laura stomped upstairs. Barbara turned the television on. After a while, Laura came back into the living room and Barbara calmly turned the television off. "I found some of the pictures in your dresser drawer. Where are the other pictures?"

"Laura, I put the negatives and a few of the pictures in a safe place. Give me the pictures; you won't be needing them anymore."

"And what if I don't?"

"How about I show a couple of pictures to John this Friday? I'm sure he'd love to see them."

Laura looked like she'd been punched in the gut. "You, you wouldn't dare do that to me."

Barbara reached up. "Give me the pictures, Laura."

Laura handed Barbara the pictures and slumped down on the sofa.

Barbara looked over at Laura. "Would you mind showing me some of your moves?"

Laura looked up. "What?"

"Show me some of your moves. Strip for me."

Laura buried her head in her hands. She couldn't believe this was happening. She stood up and asked, "What do you want me to do?"

Barbara crossed her legs. "Get a dining room chair, bring it back here, and use it to perform a strip routine."

Laura got a dining room chair and brought it into the living room. Barbara put the television on a dance music channel. Laura closed her eyes and just stood there holding the back of the chair for a while before she started dancing. She danced to a couple of songs before she opened her eyes and removed her blouse. Barbara pulled out a digital camera and took pictures. Laura moved to the groove and took off her skirt. Her bra and panties came off and she danced naked. She danced until Barbara turned the television off.

Barbara clapped and handed Laura a 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator. "That was very good. Put this in, put your panties on, and sit down in the chair."

Laura turned away from Barbara, inserted the vibrator, put her panties on, and sat down. Barbara got up and tied Laura's wrists together behind the chair. She tied her ankles to the chair, then stood up.

Laura looked up and asked, "Why did you tie me up? What are you going to do to me?"

Barbara looked down at Laura. "I want your full attention. Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you." She pinched her nipple. "Yet."

Laura winced.

Barbara left and returned with the handcuffs and clothespins. "Would you mind explaining these, Laura?"

Laura looked at the floor. "Your father liked to tie me up and tease me. He would sometimes put the clothespins on my nipples after he tied or handcuffed me to the bed."

"Interesting. Are you submissive?"

Laura shifted in the chair. "Um, a little." She had long fanaticized about being sexually dominated. She never imagined her stepdaughter would be the dominant.

"Does John know you let Dad do these things to you?"

"No."

"Hmm, I wonder how he'd react when he finds out."

Laura looked up at Barbara. "Please don't tell John about this. I don't want to lose him. I don't know what I'd do without him."

"So Laura, you'd like to keep this between us."

"Yes Barbara!" Laura was crying. "Please don't tell John."

"That's up to you. If you do what I tell you, John need never know."

Laura looked up at Barbara. "What do you want?"

Barbara grinned. "Right now, just some girl talk." She turned the vibrator in Laura's pussy on the lowest setting and sat on the sofa. She unbuttoned her blouse. "Thanks for turning me on to satin bras and panties. They feel so much better than cotton. Why were you working in a strip club?"

Laura looked at the floor. "I was in college and needed money for books and tuition. Stripping was the easiest way to earn some."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Sometimes, yes. Most of the time it was boring."

'Who took the pictures? Why did you keep them?"

"A friend of mine from the club. Your Dad liked to look at them, and I forgot about them after he died. I wish I hadn't kept them." Laura squirmed.

Barbara noticed and smiled. "I'm sure you do. I took more pictures while you were stripping. You dance very well."

Laura's face reddened. "Thanks." She squirmed.

"Is something wrong, Laura?" Barbara asked with an innocent tone.

"Damn you Barbara, this vibrator is teasing the hell out of me. Why are you doing this?"

Barbara grinned. "I get aroused watching a horny woman squirm." She gets up, stands behind Laura, and plays with her nipples. "Does this help any?"

Laura squirms more violently. "Yes, uh, no. You're just making me hornier, Barbara. You've done this before?"

Barbara stops and sits down on the sofa. "Yes Laura. I'm a member of Chi O, the kinkiest sorority on campus. We bind and tease all the pledges. Last fall we teased one so much she cried and begged us to touch her. We first made her scrub the kitchen floor on her hands and knees. We tossed her a vibrator when she finished. She was so horny she played with herself right on the kitchen floor. I get aroused teasing women. Just like I'm teasing you now. You're my latest sex toy."

"What do you mean?"

Barbara turned the vibrator off and sat down. "On the weekends, you and John can do whatever you like. During the week you belong to me. You will do whatever I tell you to do." Barbara got up and untied Laura. "Time for bed."

Laura followed Barbara into the bedroom.

Barbara commanded, "Go take a shower and use the bathroom. Don't even think about playing with yourself. When you're done, get back here, put on a pair of panties and lay down on the bed."

Laura peed and took a shower. She wanted to play with herself, but Barbara was in the bathroom watching. She went back into the bedroom, put on a pair of panties, and lay down on the bed. Barbara handcuffed her wrists to the headboard and tied her ankles to the footboard.

Barbara put a 10-inch vibrator in Laura's pussy but didn't turn it on. She pulled up the covers and sat down on the side of the bed. "This is how you'll be sleeping from now on. Oh, it's been no fun listening to you and John having sex. I'm putting a camera in your room so I can watch you as well." Barbara gets up and shows Laura the X10 Internet camera she'd ordered. She puts it on top of a picture hanging on the wall. The frame hides the camera. She adjusts the lens and leaves the room.

Barbara comes back. "I'm getting a great picture on my computer. I'll be back in the morning to unlock you." She turns the light off and goes to bed.

Laura squirmed a little to test her binds. There was no way she was going to wiggle out of this. Damn those pictures. Barbara had her, and she knew it. Laura's vagina muscles were pushing on the vibrator. The panties kept her from pushing the vibrator out. She had trouble relaxing and going to sleep.

Barbara woke up, took a shower, and got dressed. She smiled as she walked into Laura's room. Laura was still asleep. Barbara turned the light on and chirped, "Good morning."

Laura groaned and closed her eyes. Barbara sat down on the side of the bed and kissed Laura. Laura tried to turn away but Barbara held her head. She pinched Laura's nipple hard. "You will kiss me by the end of the day, or I'll tell John all about you." 

Laura yelped. She hadn't kissed a woman since she'd been dancing. "Are you a lesbian, Barbara?"

Barbara laughed. "What difference would it make? No Laura, I'm bisexual. I love a hard cock rammed up my pussy almost as much as you do." Barbara unlocked Laura and commanded, "Go use the bathroom and clean up. You've made quite a mess."

Laura stretched her arms and legs and got up. Her panties were soaked, and there was a big wet spot on the bed. She peed and cleaned herself up as best she could. She turned on the shower, and heard Barbara yell, "You don't have time for that. Get out here and put on a pair of panties."

Laura came out and put on a pair of panties.

Barbara had what looked like a large egg in her hand. "Put this in you."

Laura took the egg and inserted it into her pussy. It was a tight fit, but she got it in. She pulled up her panties.

Barbara commanded, "Put your hands behind your back."

Laura clasped one hand with the other.

Barbara sat down on the bed. "Good. I want you to stand like that when you're not doing anything for me. You will wear nothing but panties around the house. When we go out, or when someone comes over, you may put on a bra and clothing. You will have the vibrator egg or the adjustable speed vibrator inside you except when you're using the bathroom. Now go downstairs and make me breakfast. You will stand by the table and watch while I eat."

Laura went downstairs and made some eggs and toast with some coffee. Barbara came down as Laura put the plate on the table. Laura stood by the table with her hands behind her back while Barbara ate.

Barbara finished her breakfast. "Clean this up. You're not eating breakfast anymore; you could stand to lose a few pounds. Straighten up my room, then start the laundry. I'll be in the living room watching TV. Be sure to check every so often to see if I need anything."

Laura went upstairs and made Barbara's bed. She picked up the clothes on the floor and put them in the hamper. She gathered all the towels and brought them downstairs. She went into the living room and put her hands behind her back. "Do you need anything, Barbara?"

Barbara looked up at Laura. "Not right now, but thanks for asking. I think it's time I demonstrate your vibrator egg." She picked up a remote and pressed a button.

Laura could feel the egg vibrate inside her, but she couldn't hear it. It felt great until the vibration stopped.

"That's your reward Laura. When you do what I tell you, I'll turn on the egg. Now go do the laundry."

Laura put the towels in the washer and started the machine. She returned to the living room, and stood there while Barbara watched television. She put the towels in the dryer and returned to the living room. She folded the towels and put them away.

Barbara looked up. "It's about time for lunch, isn't it?"

"Yes Barbara."

"Go make us some sandwiches. Come tell me when they're ready."

"Yes Barbara."

Laura went into the kitchen and made two sandwiches. She came back into the living room. "Lunch is ready."

Barbara turned off the television and went into the kitchen. She sat down and took a bite of her sandwich. Laura sat down and gobbled her sandwich. She was tired and glad to be sitting. She put her hands in her lap and waited for Barbara to finish eating. 

Barbara commanded, "Clean this up, then get dressed. We've got some shopping to do."

Laura cleaned the kitchen and went upstairs to get dressed. Barbara was in the living room waiting. She commanded, "Let's go."

"Where are we going?"

"Home Depot, then Victoria's Secret. Do we need anything at the grocery?"

"No, I just went Friday."

"Ok."

Laura drove them to Home Depot.

Barbara turned the vibrator egg on at every red light. Laura parked at Home Depot. Barbara warned her, "You do everything I tell you, or I'll use the egg in the store."

Laura didn't want that. She could hardly stand up to get out of the car. She pushed the cart as Barbara picked up four dozen C batteries, a couple of two-inch C-clamps, a bundle of cotton rope, a dozen two-inch screw eyes, four three-foot lengths of chain and eight padlocks. The twenty-something male cashier snickered as he rang up the purchase. Laura was embarrassed to be standing there and was glad to get back to the car.
Laura looked at Barbara. "Do you think he knew what this stuff is for?"

Barbara laughed. "Laura, not only did he know, he knew it was for you."

Laura's faced reddened. She drove to the mall, and they went inside.

Barbara told Laura, "Get a dozen panties for yourself. As wet as you get, you'll need them."

Laura bought a dozen black, red, purple, and white satin panties. Barbara picked up six more red and white satin bras and panties. Barbara went to a few stores and looked at some dresses, but she didn't see anything she liked.

Barbara decided to have dinner at the food court. "Laura, get me a steak and cheese sandwich and a Pepsi. Get yourself a salad and a glass of water. I'll find us a table."

Laura got a steak and cheese sandwich for Barbara and a salad for herself. Laura munched on the salad. Barbara couldn't finish her sandwich. She noticed Laura eyeing the remains. "Would you like the rest of my sandwich?"

"Yes," Laura whispered.

Barbara wrapped the sandwich up. "Maybe when we get home."

They left the mall and went home. Barbara stretched out on the sofa and turned on the television. Laura went upstairs to get undressed and returned to the living room. She stood by the sofa.

Barbara sat up and tossed Laura the sandwich. "When you're finished, I've got something for you to do."

Laura went into the kitchen, ate the sandwich, and came back into the living room.

Barbara looked up. "Take the screw eyes and screw two of them into the ceiling about four feet apart over there." She pointed to a wall by the sofa. "Screw two of them into the wall just above the floor molding about sixteen inches apart. Try to find the studs. Tomorrow you can get some gold paint from the shed and paint the screw eyes to match the wall. When you're finished here do the same thing to the wall opposite the footboard in my bedroom."

Laura didn't move. "Barbara, I don't know how to put a screw eye in."

Barbara rolled her eyes. "Get a hand drill from the shed. Drill a hole a little smaller than the screw. Take a long screwdriver, put it through the hole and twist until the screw eye is in."

Laura got the hand drill, a tape measure, and a stepladder. Barbara watched Laura struggle to put the screw eyes in the wall. Laura had less trouble putting the screw eyes in the ceiling. She took the hand drill, stepladder, and screw eyes upstairs and put them in the wall opposite Barbara's bed.

Barbara took the packaging off the padlocks and tested them. Luckily, all of the keys were the same.

Laura came back into the living room with the stepladder and stood by the sofa.

Barbara stood up. "Take the egg out and put this vibrator in."

Laura had a little trouble getting the vibrator egg out. She put the 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator in and hardly felt it inside her.

Barbara locked the ends of two chains around Laura's wrists. "Do you see how I'm doing this?"

"Yes Barbara."

"Good. From now on I expect you to put these on yourself. Lock the other chains around your ankles."

Laura sat down on the sofa and locked the ends of two chains around her ankles. She stood up.

Barbara commanded, "Over by the wall."

Laura walked over to the wall and turned around. Barbara pulled on a screw eye near the floor. It felt solid. She locked the ankle chains to the screw eyes. She got up on the stepladder and locked the wrist chains to the screw eyes in the ceiling. She stood in front of Laura and kissed her. Laura was surprised, but returned the kiss.

Barbara grinned. "Not bad Laura. By the end of the week we'll be French kissing." She picked up the C-clamps and screwed them on Laura's nipples. "I'm putting these on loose so you can get used to the feeling. Soon you'll be begging me to tighten them." She turned the vibrator on its lowest setting, sat down on the sofa, and turned the television on.

Laura felt the C-clamps. They pulled on her nipples. She squirmed, but the chains kept her from moving much. She felt the vibrations in her pussy. The sensation was too low for an orgasm. She could feel the pussy juice dripping down her legs. She watched Barbara watch television until Barbara turned off the television and got up.

Barbara unlocked the chains from the ceiling and wall. She handed Laura the key. "Unlock yourself, and get a bag or purse to store the chains and locks. It's bedtime."

Laura went to her room and found an old large handbag in the closet. She picked up the chains and locks and put them in the handbag. She put the keys in one of the pockets, and brought the handbag to her room. She took off her panties and took the vibrator out. She went to the bathroom, and took a shower. She put the vibrator back in and put a pair of panties on. Barbara put a folded towel in the center of the bed, locked Laura to the bed, pulled the covers up, kissed her good night, turned off the light, and went to bed.

The next morning Barbara woke Laura up, kissed her good morning, and unlocked her. Laura served Barbara breakfast, straightened Barbara's room, and did housework and laundry while Barbara watched television. After lunch, Barbara decided she wanted to sun. She changed into a bikini and put a lounge in the back yard. She took the top and bottom off and sunned in the nude.

Laura came out to check on Barbara. "Aren't you concerned that someone will see you?"

Barbara looked up at Laura. "What's there to see. Besides, they're looking at your breasts anyway."

Laura instinctively put her hands over her breasts.

Barbara commanded, "Put your hands behind your back."

Laura looked down and put her hands behind her back. "Would you like anything, Barbara?'

"Yes. Put some sunscreen on my legs and chest."

Laura picked up the lotion and put it on Barbara's feet, legs, arms, chest, and neck. "Anything else?"

"No. Go get your chains."

Laura went inside, got the handbag and returned.

Barbara got up and locked Laura's ankles and wrists around a support of the upstairs deck. "There, that'll keep you from playing with yourself while I sun."

Laura watched Barbara sun. Laura was standing in the shade, but it was still warm out. Beads of sweat formed and dripped from her arms, legs, and breasts. Barbara would vibrate the egg every so often, which made standing even worse. Laura heard Barbara say, "Fuck."

Barbara came over to Laura and unlocked the chains. "Get yourself a lounge. You're going to sun with me."

Laura got a lounge and put it next to Barbara's.

Barbara came back with four ties. She lay down on the lounge and commanded, "Put some sunscreen on my legs and back.

Laura put the sunscreen on Barbara.

Barbara gets up and commands, "Lay down, Laura."

Laura lays down on the lounge and Barbara ties her wrists and ankles to the lounge with the ties. Barbara put sunscreen all over Laura, except for her breasts. Barbara lays down on her lounge.

Laura turned to Barbara. "Barbara, I think you missed something."

Barbara turned her head. "What?"

"You didn't put any sunscreen on my breasts."

"Are you sure?"

"Pretty sure Barbara. I don't want them to burn. They're sensitive."

Barbara groans. "All right Laura." She gets up and gets the lotion. "Are you sure you want sunscreen on your breasts?"

"Yes" Laura shouts.

Barbara dribbles some lotion on both breasts. She returns to her lounge.

"Barbara, aren't you going to rub it on?"

"All right Laura." She gets up. She looks down at Laura and grins. "Laura, French kiss me like you mean it and I'll rub the lotion on your breasts."

Laura mentally gags. She closes her eyes and puckers up. Barbara kisses her. Their tongues dance around in each other's mouths. Finally Barbara pulls away. "That was good." She rubs the lotion on Laura's breasts and lays down on her lounge to sun.

Laura closes her eyes and feels the warmth on her body. Lying in the sun feels better than standing in the shade. Even the vibrations from the egg feel better.

Barbara gets up and unties Laura. "Pick up the chains, and let's take a shower." Laura picks up the chains and puts them away. Barbara turns the shower on, and the both get in. Barbara has Laura rub soap all over her body. Barbara rubs soap on Laura's back and breasts. Barbara kisses Laura, and they rinse the soap off. Barbara has Laura dry her with a towel, and watches Laura dry herself off.

Barbara commands, "Go make us dinner. A hamburger for me, and a salad for you."

Laura puts a pair of panties on and goes downstairs. Barbara goes to her room and puts on a shirt and pants. She goes down into the living room and turns on the television. Laura comes out and announces; "Dinner's ready."

Barbara turns of the television and goes into the kitchen. Laura made her a hamburger and french fries. Laura made herself a large salad. Barbara smiled as she sat down and started eating. "Laura, you'll be eating a salad every night for dinner. Do we have enough lettuce and cucumbers for the rest of the week?"

"No Barbara, I'll have to go to the grocery tomorrow."

"I'll go with you. I don't want you to get any ideas when you pick up the cucumbers."

Laura blushes and munches on her salad.

Barbara finishes her hamburger and munches on the fries. She gets up and tells Laura, "I'll be up in my room. Bring the chains when you're finished cleaning up."

Laura cleans up, gets the chains and stepladder, and goes to Barbara's room. She sits down on the bed, locks the chains to her wrists and ankles, and stands up by the wall. Laura takes out the egg and puts in the vibrator. Barbara locks the chains to the floor and ceiling, turns the vibrator on, puts the C-clamps on Laura's nipples, and lays down on the bed. Barbara sits up, takes off her shirt and pants, gets a vibrator from the nightstand, and plays with herself.

Laura watches Barbara masturbate. Barbara holds the vibrator against her clit for a while, then puts it inside her. She moves it in and out, slowly at first, then faster. She moans and wriggles her hips when she orgasms. She pulls the vibrator out and turns it off after her fourth orgasm. She rests a while, sits up in the bed, pulls a pack of cigarettes and an ashtray from the nightstand drawer, lights one, and takes a puff.

Laura's surprised. "I didn't know you smoked, Barbara."

Barbara smiles. "I don't Laura. Just after great sex."

"Is masturbation always that much fun for you?"

"Not usually, Laura. You helped a lot."

Laura blushed. "What did I do?"

Barbara smiled. "Everything I've told you to. It makes me horny just thinking about you obeying me. How about you? Did it make you horny to watch me play with myself?

"No. It was interesting but not arousing."

"Does it make you horny when you obey me?"

Laura wanted to say yes. "Uh, not really. I'm only obeying you because you're blackmailing me."

Barbara finishes her cigarette. "Oh. That's too bad. Time for bed." She gets up and unlocks Laura from the wall and ceiling.

Laura unlocks the chains and puts them away. She takes the vibrator out, goes to the bathroom, and takes a shower. She puts the vibrator back in and puts a pair of panties on. Barbara puts a folded towel in the center of the bed, locks Laura to the bed, pulls the covers up, kisses her good night, turns off the light, and goes to bed.

Barbara gets Laura up the next morning. Laura follows the established morning routine. After lunch, she's getting ready to mop the kitchen floor.

Barbara stops her. "You're going to clean the kitchen floor, but not with a mop." She hands Laura a scrub brush. "Use this."

"Why Barbara? It'll take three times longer to clean the floor with a scrub brush."

"Did you have plans for this afternoon, Laura."

"We have to make a trip to the grocery store."

"We'll go to the grocery store after you finish scrubbing the kitchen floor."

Laura sighs, gets on her hands and knees, and scrubs the kitchen floor. Barbara sits on a kitchen chair and watches. She puts her hand in her pants and plays with herself.

Laura notices what Barbara's doing. "Watching me scrub the floor is arousing?"

"Oh yes, Laura, it is. Years ago my boyfriend told me that watching a naked woman doing housework is very arousing. I was skeptical until I found out for myself at the Chi O house."

"I'm glad my suffering arouses you. I wouldn't want you to be bored with me."

Barbara turns the vibrating egg on. Laura stops as the vibrations go through her body. Her breathing gets heavy and she moves her hips back and forth like she's fucking. Barbara turns the egg off.

Laura wails, "No." Her hips stop moving. She drops her head and picks it up again. "That was so close."

Barbara laughs. "Now your suffering is really arousing me. Finish scrubbing the floor, slut." Laura's pussy tingles at being called a slut. Barbara puts her hand back in her pants. She has a couple of orgasms watching Laura scrub the floor. 

Laura goes upstairs, gets dressed, and they go to the grocery store. Laura picks up some tomatoes and lettuce. She picks up a couple of cucumbers and looks at them longingly.

Barbara stands behind Laura, puts her arms around her waist, and whispers in her ear. "You'd like one of those in you now, wouldn't you?"

Laura closes her eyes and whispers, "Yes."

"My poor sex toy. John will take care of you in a couple of days."

Laura sighs and puts the cucumbers in the basket. They pick up a few other things and checkout. When they get back in the car, Barbara turns on the egg for a few seconds. Laura catches her breath, and she drives home.

Barbara flops on the living room sofa and turns on the television. Laura makes a hamburger and fries for Barbara and a large salad for herself. She goes into the living room and announces; "Dinner's ready."

Barbara turns the television off and goes into the kitchen. They eat their dinner. Barbara returns to the living room. Laura gets her chains, goes to the living room, and puts them on. She switches the egg with a vibrator. Barbara locks Laura to the wall and ceiling, turns the vibrator on, and goes back to watching television until it's time for bed.

Barbara turns the television off, unlocks Laura from the wall, and puts her to bed. She stays up for a while surfing the Internet on her computer before she goes to bed.

Laura serves Barbara all day Thursday. Barbara teases Laura with the vibrator egg and her evening vibrator bondage.

On Friday morning, Barbara wakes Laura up but doesn't unlock her from the bed. Barbara rubs her palm against Laura's face. "Today, you only have to serve me through lunch. After lunch you can get ready for John. When he leaves on Sunday, you'll go back to serving me." Barbara kisses Laura. "I'll bet you can't wait for John to fuck you."

Laura squirms. "No, I can't. I've never been this horny in my life."

Barbara laughs. "You'd better not be too anxious, sex toy, or John will suspect something. One more thing. Do not ask me to go out with you and John any more. I might not be able to keep our relationship a secret if I have to spend too much time with him." 

"Yes Barbara."

Barbara unlocks Laura from the bed. Laura takes a shower. She gets Barbara's breakfast, straightens her room, and cleans up her room. She does some laundry and fixes sandwiches for lunch. After lunch she takes the vibrator egg out, takes a shower, gets dressed, and waits for John to arrive. Barbara goes out to see a movie and to shop at the mall.

John and Laura go out to dinner. They catch up on their week and enjoy being together. Laura's hand keeps drifting down to her pussy and she has to keep pulling it away. She wishes her hands were bound as she listens to John talk about his work.

After dinner, John asks Laura, "Do you want to go for a drive?"

Laura takes John's arm. "No, let's go home."

"Laura, is something wrong?"

"No John. I just miss you, that's all."

"I miss you too. Do you want to go to a movie?"

"John, let's just go home."

"Oh, ok. Maybe there's a good movie on TV."

Laura wanted to scream, but calmed herself. "Maybe so."

They get in the car and drive home. John sits down on the sofa and turns on the television. Laura goes up to the bedroom, takes her bra off, and puts her blouse back on. She goes downstairs and sits nest to John, snuggling up to him. They watch a movie.

After the movie, John looks for another movie to watch.

Laura takes off her blouse. "John, wouldn't you rather look at these?"

John turns off the television. "Now that you mention it, yes." They kiss on the sofa and go upstairs. Laura rips off her clothes and jumps on the bed.

John takes off his shirt. "You're pretty excited about sex this evening. What got you so horny?"

Laura gets off the bed and kisses John. "You, silly." She helps him get the rest of his clothes off and into bed with her. She gets on her hands and knees. He gets up behind her. She's wiggling her hips, waiting for the thrust of his cock into her soaking wet pussy.

John lies down on the bed.

Laura cuddles with him. "What's wrong honey?"

"I don't know Laura. I'm just not getting aroused."

"I'm sorry honey." Laura cuddles with John. She squirms. "Honey, would you mind if I used a vibrator?"

"Laura, you know I don't like you to use that when I'm here with you. Don't you use it enough during the week? Let's just go to sleep."

Laura turned out the light and pulled up the covers. After she was sure John was asleep, she fingered herself to an orgasm. She softly cried herself to sleep.

John and Laura went downstairs to have breakfast. Barbara was already eating.

"Morning, Barbara." John smiled.

"Morning, John." Barbara grinned and ate.

Laura made breakfast for John and herself.

John put his arm around Laura. "We're going to spend the day at the beach. Would you like to come along, Barbara?"

Barbara finished her coffee. "Sounds tempting John. Sure, I'll go with you."

Laura chokes on her coffee.

John grins. "Great." John and Laura go upstairs to get dressed and get their swimwear and towels. Barbara packs her bikini and towels. They drive to the beach. Barbara goes off on her own and leaves John and Laura to themselves. They meet and get lunch at one of the concession stands on the boardwalk.

John asked Barbara, "Are you having fun?"

"You bet, John. I've been sunning and checking out all the good-looking guys. How about you?'

John smiled. "I've been reading and getting some sun."

Laura looked miserable. All she could think about was John fucking her, and it was ruining her day. Having Barbara around didn't help. Laura imagined that Barbara was secretly laughing at her.

Barbara spent the afternoon sunning and walking on the boardwalk. John read and lay in the sun. Laura lay in the sun trying to keep her hands off her pussy. They gathered everything up and drove home. Barbara took a shower and went to her room.

John and Laura took a shower together, kissed, and fondled each other. John led Laura to the bed. She got on her hands and knees and he got up behind her. She squealed when he rammed his cock into her pussy. She wiggled her hips and rode his cock to a quick orgasm. She was about to have a second orgasm when he came. He lay down on the bed. She wanted to cry, but she lay down next to him and cuddled.

John and Laura went downstairs for dinner. Barbara had ordered a large pizza. 

Laura kissed Barbara on the cheek. "Thanks for being so thoughtful, Barbara."

"You're welcome Laura. I figured you'd be tired from the beach and wouldn't want to cook dinner."

They sat down and had pizza together. After dinner, Barbara went up to her room and John and Laura went to the living room to watch movies. They went to bed and fucked. Laura had a couple of orgasms before John came. They went to sleep.

John and Laura had sex after breakfast. Laura came once before John came. After John left, Laura got undressed, put the vibrator egg inside her, and went downstairs to check on Barbara.
Laura stood in the living room with her hands behind her back. "Would you like anything, Barbara?"

"Not right now, thanks. How about you? Did you have a good weekend with John?"

"No Barbara, I didn't." Laura whined. "I couldn't get fucked enough. I'm so horny I'd do anything for an hour with a vibrator."

"Anything, Laura?"

Laura slumped and looked at the floor. "Yes Barbara."

Barbara smiled. "In that case, get your chains and come to my room."

Laura got her chains and went to Barbara's room.

Barbara was lying on the bed naked. "Laura, come lay with me. After we kiss for a while, I want you to eat my pussy."

Laura sighed, and lay down with Barbara. They kissed for a while. Barbara's tongue explored Laura's mouth. Laura moved down Barbara's body. Barbara opened up her legs. Laura licked Barbara's pussy. She found her clit and licked it. She licked and sucked on and around her clit. Barbara moaned and wiggled her hips. Laura licked and sucked Barbara to an orgasm. Laura tried to move away, but Barbara pulled her head back to her pussy. Laura ate Barbara to four orgasms before Barbara let go of Laura's hair.

Barbara got a cigarette from the nightstand. She put her arm around Laura, who was cuddling by her side. "That felt fantastic Laura. Thanks."

Laura wiggled her hips, "What about me."

Barbara took a puff of her cigarette. "Don't be such a pig Laura. Let me finish my cigarette and I'll take care of you." Laura cuddled Barbara while she smoked.

Barbara sat up in the bed. "Put your chains on, Laura."

Laura got up and put her chains on. She took out the vibrator egg and put the 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator in. She stood against the wall. Barbara got up, locked Laura to the ceiling and wall, turned the vibrator on the lowest setting, put C-clamps on her nipples, and sat back down on the bed.

Laura thrashed in the chains. "Why are you teasing me Barbara? Please let me orgasm. I did what you wanted me to do."

Barbara laughed and lit a cigarette. "Laura, you'll do what I want whether I reward you or not. Remember, you only asked for an hour with a vibrator. I'm such a nice woman that I'm giving you three hours. It's not my fault if you don't orgasm." She finished her cigarette and took a vibrator out the nightstand. She gave herself another three orgasms before she turned the vibrator off and rested.

Barbara lit another cigarette, got up, and stood in front of Laura. "I've had a great time this evening; how about you?"

Laura whimpered, "Please Barbara please, let me have an orgasm."

Barbara sighed. She turned the vibrator speed up to maximum and tightened the C-clamps a bit. Laura's first orgasm came soon after. Then another. And another. If she hadn't been chained to the ceiling, she'd have fallen over. Barbara let Laura have a dozen orgasms before she turned the vibrator off. Laura hung on her chains for a while before Barbara took the C-clamps off and unlocked her. Barbara massaged where the chains had dug into Laura's wrists. She helped Laura to bed.

Laura followed Barbara's routine and served her during the week. Barbara decided that she would have Laura eat her and give Laura some orgasms Thursday night, so Laura wouldn't be so horny when John came over. Barbara unlocked Laura from the chains and tied her to her bed before she turned the vibrator speed up to maximum.

A couple of weeks later, Barbara told Laura, "A good friend of mine, Susan, is coming over to spend the night. I've told her all about you, and I expect you to obey her like you obey me. You will wear just your panties while she's here."

"Yes Barbara."

"You'll make us dinner. Instead of eating a salad, you'll stand by the table and watch us eat."

"Yes Barbara."

Barbara sat in the living room and watched television. Laura finished up some housework, and stood by the sofa.

The doorbell rang. Laura answered the door. "Hello, you must be Susan. Please come in. Let me get your things."

Laura took Susan's suitcase upstairs and put it in Barbara's room.

Barbara got up and hugged Susan. "How was your trip?"

"Not bad. I was amazed when you e-mailed me and told me about turning your stepmother into a sex toy. Seeing it is even more impressive. Why doesn't she call you Mistress?"

Barbara smiled. "I forgot how much you like hearing someone call you Mistress. It doesn't matter to me, as long as she obeys."

Laura came downstairs and stood by Susan and Barbara.

Barbara turned to Laura. "As long as Susan is visiting, you will refer to us as Mistress Susan and Mistress Barbara. Go make dinner."

"Yes Mistress Barbara." Laura went into the kitchen. Susan and Barbara sat down on the sofa. They kissed and cuddled. Laura came out to announce; "Dinner's ready."

Susan and Barbara get up and go into the kitchen. Laura follows. Susan and Barbara help themselves to meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and peas. Laura stands by the table with her hands behind her back and watches them eat.

Susan turns to Barbara. "Laura doesn't eat dinner?"

Barbara smiles. "Usually Laura has a salad. I thought you'd be more impressed with her watching us eat."

Susan grins. "I am."

Susan and Barbara finish eating. They go upstairs while Laura cleans up. Laura gets her chains and joins them.

Susan turns to Barbara. "How do you know Laura didn't eat anything while we weren't looking."

Barbara shrugs her shoulders. "Smell her breath if you think she ate something. Laura knows I'll punish her if she disobeys me."

Susan gets up and smells Laura's breath. Satisfied, she sits back down on the bed with Barbara.

Barbara looks up at Laura. "Sit down on the bed with us."

Laura sits down on the bed. Barbara turns on the vibrator egg. Laura wiggles around until Barbara turns it off.

Susan whistles. "It sure is quiet. I couldn't hear it vibrating."

Barbara giggles. "I got the best vibrator egg I could find. It's been worth every penny."

Susan lights a cigarette. "Now what do we do with her?"

Barbara looks at Susan. "Usually, I chain her to the wall and tease her with C-clamps and a 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator. But since you're here, I thought I'd see if there's anything you wanted her to do."

Susan reaches over and grabs Laura's breast. She squeezes it a few times, plays with the nipple, and lets go. "Laura, you're going to play a solo game of Truth or Dare. Either you answer my question truthfully, or you do something I tell you to do. Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

"Good. Truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"Did you ever fuck a client when you were stripping?"

Laura shifted on the bed. "No Mistress Susan. Truth."

"Did you ever give a hand job or blow job to a client?"

"Yes Mistress Susan. Truth."

"How many times?"

"Maybe a couple of hundred hand jobs, a hundred blowjobs Mistress Susan. Truth."

Barbara whistled. "Why so many, Laura?"

"For the money Mistress Barbara. I got $40 for a hand job and $80 for a blowjob. Truth."

Susan smiled. "You must be afraid of my dare. How old were you when you lost your virginity?'

"Twenty-two Mistress Susan. Truth."

"Wow, a late bloomer. Do you enjoy serving and obeying Barbara?"

Laura hesitated. She wanted to tell the truth, but she didn't want to give Barbara the satisfaction. "Yes Mistress Susan. At first I didn't like it at all, but I've grown to enjoy it. Dare."

Barbara squealed and gave Laura a big hug. "I've been wanting to hear that. Thank you, Laura, for being so honest with us."

Susan grinned. "Ooh, a dare. Suck on my toes."

Laura lay down on the bed and sucked on Susan's toes. Susan watched for a while. "That's enough. Truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"Does John satisfy you when he's fucking you?"

Laura blushed. "He used to Mistress Susan, until Mistress Barbara turned me into her sex toy. Now I can hardly get started with him before he comes. If Mistress Barbara didn't let me use a vibrator once a week, I'd go crazy. Truth."

Susan laughed. "You're right Laura, there's nothing quite as satisfying as a vibrator. Give her a little thrill, Barbara."

Barbara turns the vibrator egg on. Laura rocks on her hips until Barbara turns it off.

Susan smiles. "Would you expose your breasts in public if Barbara or I wanted you to?"

Laura shifts on the bed. "Um, I'd rather not, but if you tell me to I would. Truth."

"Would you fuck a man Barbara or I pick out?"

"I'd prefer to be faithful to John, but I would obey you Mistress Susan and Mistress Barbara. Dare."

Susan grins. "Cross your legs and hold this ashtray under your breasts while Barbara and I have a cigarette."

Laura crosses her legs and puts her arms on her legs. She holds the ashtray against her stomach under her breasts. Barbara and Susan light a cigarette and smoke. Susan plays with Laura, holding the lit end of the cigarette close to Laura's nipple and breast. Laura tries not to move, even though the smoke rising from the ashtray is choking her.

Susan turns to Barbara. "I think we've played enough Truth or Dare. Show me what you normally do."

Barbara turns to Laura. "Put your chains on."

Laura puts the ashtray down on the bed, gets the chains, and puts them on. She switches the vibrator egg with the 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator. She stands by the wall.

Barbara gets up and locks Laura to the ceiling and wall. She puts the C-clamps on her nipples, turns the vibrator on its slowest speed, and sits down on the bed.

Susan turns to Barbara. "How long do you leave her like that?"

Barbara smiles. "Usually three hours, but since we played Truth or Dare it'll only be two tonight. She also sleeps with the vibrator in her pussy, although it's off."

"And she never comes?"

Barbara laughs. "She hasn't yet, as far as I know." Barbara looks over at Laura. "Have you ever come from the vibrator torment?"

"No Mistress Barbara, I've never come."

Susan smiles and looks to Barbara. "You wrote me that you have some video of Laura fucking John. Could I see that?"

Barbara gets up and turns on her computer. "Sure."

Susan gets up and goes over to the desk. They watch Laura and John fuck for a while. Barbara turns the computer off and they sit down on the bed. Susan kisses Barbara. They caress and take each other's clothes off. Barbara eats Susan to a couple of orgasms. Susan does the same for Barbara. They use a vibrator on each other for another couple of orgasms. They get a cigarette, lie down, and smoke.

Susan looks up at Laura. "Did you get aroused watching us, Laura?"

"No Mistress Susan."

Susan seemed surprised. "You don't find naked women having sex arousing?"

"No Mistress Susan."

Susan shrugged her shoulders. "What do you find arousing, Laura?"

"These clamps and vibrator Mistress Susan. Being in bed with John."

Susan and Barbara laughed. Barbara looked over at Laura. "Time for bed." She turns to Susan. "You can watch, if you'd like."

Susan finished her cigarette. "I wouldn't miss this for the world."

Barbara got up, took the C-clamps off Laura's nipples, turned the vibrator off, and unlocked her from the wall. Laura took the chains off and put them away. She took the vibrator out and her panties off, used the bathroom, and took a shower. She put the vibrator back in, put a pair of panties on, and lay down on the bed. Barbara handcuffed her wrists to the headboard, tied her ankles to the footboard, kissed Laura goodnight, pulled up the covers, turned off the light, and went back to her room.

Susan cleaned up the ashtray. "Laura sleeps like that all night?"

Barbara put the cigarettes away and sprayed some air freshener around the room. "Yes. She learned how to sleep bound and with a vibrator in her pussy. I'm not sure I could do that."

Susan grinned. "I'd be willing to help you find out. What if she needs to go to the bathroom?"

"She goes before I put her to bed. I suppose she'd have to pee or shit in the bed, but she hasn't done that yet."

Susan and Barbara go to bed.

Susan watches as Barbara wakes Laura, kisses her good morning, and unlocks her from the bed. Laura goes downstairs and makes breakfast. Susan and Barbara sit down and eat. Laura stands by the table and watches them.

Susan turns to Barbara. "Do you ever let Laura eat?"

Barbara laughs. "Usually lunch and a salad for dinner."

"How long has Laura ever gone without eating?"

"Hmm, she usually just skips breakfast. I guess this is the longest she's gone without eating."

Susan has a mischievous grin. "Laura, I command you to stay on your feet all morning. You are not allowed to sit down. I want you to make a huge lunch for us. You're not to taste a bit of it. What's your favorite dinner?"

"Roast beef, Mistress Susan."

"That sounds great Laura. Make some roast beef for lunch. We're going to tie your hands behind your back. You will stand and watch us eat. Depending on how I feel after lunch, you may or may not get to eat any leftovers. Do you understand?"

Laura sighed. "Yes Mistress Susan." She was glad Barbara didn't torment her with food.

Susan and Barbara went into the living room to watch television. Laura cleaned up the kitchen, straightened up Barbara's room, and did some laundry. She stood by the sofa with her hands behind her back when she wasn't busy. Around 10:30, she went into the kitchen to make lunch.

Barbara asked Susan, "What do you plan to do to Laura at lunch?"

Susan smiled. "She hasn't eaten anything in a day. I've made her stand all morning. She'll be tired and hungry when we sit down to lunch. I had her make her favorite food. Her mouth will be watering while she watches us eat. After we finish, we'll light a cigarette, sit back, and enjoy watching her suffer. I wish we could leave her standing there all afternoon, exhausted, looking longingly at the food she can't have. Imagine what she'd be willing to do for some food by dinnertime."

Barbara frowned. "Susan, are you sure we're not going too far?"

"Laura is making our lunch. So far, she's accepted our torments. I know, we could lock her to the refrigerator door. Even if she pulls it open, it's still too far away from the table. I'm going upstairs to get a pair of handcuffs and the cigarettes." Susan goes upstairs and returns to the living room. 

Laura comes out and announces; "Lunch is ready." Susan and Barbara get up and go into the kitchen. 

Susan turns to Laura. "Step over in front of the refrigerator."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Laura goes over to the refrigerator.

Susan locks Laura's wrists behind her back to the refrigerator door with the handcuffs. "That should help keep you out of the food for now. Did you taste any of it while you were cooking?"

"No Mistress Susan, I didn't."

"Are you hungry, Laura?"

"Yes Mistress Susan, I am."

Susan rubs her palm against Laura's face. "Stand here and be a good girl, and we might let you eat after we're finished."

Susan and Barbara sit down to a table of roast beef, mashed potatoes, and corn on the cob. They take their time eating and there's some food left when they're done.

Laura watches Susan and Barbara eat. She's hungry and tired. The smell of the food makes her hungrier and she wishes they would unlock her and let her sit and eat. She knows this is Susan's idea, although Barbara is going along with it.

Susan and Barbara sit back, light a cigarette, and smoke. Laura shifts her feet. They finish their cigarette, get up and walk over to Laura. Susan kisses Laura. Laura's surprised, and the taste of cigarette smoke doesn't make it any better.

Susan looks at Laura. "That was a terrible kiss. I was going to let you eat, but not after that kiss. We're going to watch TV. You can stand here and think about how you can make it up to me later."

Susan and Barbara go into the living room, turn on the television, and watch a movie. Laura cries. She's so hungry and the food smells so good. After a while the food gets cold and the smell goes away. She's exhausted from being on her feet all day. Susan or Barbara peep in on Laura every so often, to make sure she's ok.

After the movie, Susan and Barbara turn off the television and go into the kitchen. Barbara cleans up the leftovers. Susan stands in front of Laura. Her head is slumped down.

Susan picks up Laura's head with her hand. "Have you thought about that lousy kiss, Laura?"

Laura whispers, "Yes Mistress Susan."

"What are you going to do about it?"

"I'll do whatever you command me to do, Mistress Susan."

"I'm sure you would, Laura. But I want you to think of something that you want to do for me. Should we give you another couple of hours to mull it over?"

"No Mistress Susan, please don't leave me standing here."

"Have you thought of something, Laura?"

"Would you like me to eat your pussy, Mistress Susan?"

"Hmm, that would be pleasant. I'm looking for something a little more contrite, though."

"Would you like to use me as an ashtray, Mistress Susan?"

"That sounds a little more interesting, Laura. Would you care to explain what you mean?"

"Like last night Mistress Susan. I hold an ashtray while you and Mistress Barbara smoke."

Susan mulls the offer. "Sounds good Laura. I'll be back in a few minutes while we get ready. If you spill any ashes or drop the ashtray, you won't get any dinner. So be careful."

"Yes Mistress Susan. Thank you Mistress Susan."

Susan and Barbara go upstairs to get a couple of lengths of rope. Barbara turns to Susan. "What do you have planned now."

Susan giggles. "Laura's hungry and exhausted. When you see how I'm going to tie her up, you'll understand how difficult it'll be for her to hold on to the ashtray.

Barbara's concerned. "Are you sure we're not punishing Laura too much? I don't want to torture her.'

Susan smiles. "She's not complaining, is she? Don't turn the vibrator egg on. It'll be hard enough for her to hold onto the ashtray."

Susan and Barbara go back downstairs. Susan unlocks Laura from the refrigerator, and locks the handcuffs back on. She helps Laura into the living room, and commands, "Kneel down."

Laura kneels down facing the sofa. Susan ties Laura's ankles together and stands up.

Laura looks up. "Am I supposed to hold the ashtray with my teeth?"

Susan grins. "Hmm, that's a good suggestion. Barbara, do you have any metal ashtrays?"

"Sorry, just glass."

Susan looks down at Laura. "It would have looked cute, but no. Turn around so you're facing the TV."

Laura wiggles around so she's facing the television. Susan ties a rope around Laura's neck. She pulls the other end between her legs, and ties it around her ankles and to her wrists. Laura bends forward at the waist to reduce the strain on her wrists.

Susan tells Laura, "Turn your palms up."

Laura turns her palms up, and Susan puts the ashtray on her hands. Susan takes several pictures of Laura. Susan and Barbara sit down, light a cigarette, and smoke. They're smoking their second cigarette when Laura's hands get tired and she drops the ashtray on her legs.

Laura falls over on her side and sobs. Susan laughs, but Barbara gets up and unties Laura. Barbara brushes the ashes off Laura's legs, takes her up on the sofa, and comforts her until she stops crying. Barbara holds Laura in her arms and soothes her.

Barbara glares at Susan. "Go in the kitchen and make a salad for Laura."

Susan sits there.

Barbara's face gets red. "I said go. Now! Move!"

Susan feels Barbara's anger and hurries into the kitchen. She comes out with a salad for Laura. Barbara helps Laura eat the salad. Susan goes back in the kitchen and comes out with a bowl of chicken noodle soup. Laura has enough strength to eat the soup by herself.

Susan stands by the sofa and looks sheepish.

Barbara asks Laura, "Are you feeling better now?"

Laura whispers, "Yes Mistress Barbara."

Barbara hugs Laura. "You don't have to call us Mistress anymore, Laura. Are you up for going out and having a nice dinner with us?" Barbara looks up at Susan. "Susan's treat."
"I think so Barbara."

"Great. Go upstairs, take a shower, and get dressed. Leave the vibrator egg out."

Laura gets up and sits back down. "I think I'll need some help getting upstairs."

Barbara helps Laura upstairs. Susan cleans up the salad and soup. The shower helps Laura to feel better, and she dresses herself. Susan and Barbara change into something nice, and they go to a cafeteria. Laura eats two portions of roast beef. They talk about college and have a good time. After dinner they return home.

Susan and Barbara go up to Barbara's room and get undressed. Laura goes into her room, undresses, puts the 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator in her pussy, puts on a pair of panties, gets the chains, and goes into Barbara's room. She stands by the bed, her hands behind her back. "Would you like anything Susan or Barbara?"

Barbara commands, "You've been on your feet most of the day, so we'll skip the vibrator torment tonight. Go to bed and have as much fun with the vibrator as you want. Wear yourself out before John gets here tomorrow. You will resume serving me Sunday evening."

Laura smiles and goes back to her room. Barbara gets up and turns the computer on. Susan and Barbara watch Laura play with herself. After a dozen orgasms they get tired of watching. They get a cigarette and sit down on the bed.

Susan puts her arm around Barbara's shoulder. "Are you still mad at me, Barbara?"

Barbara puts her arm around Susan's waist. "No Susan, I'm not. Today was as much my fault as yours; I went along with your ideas to torment Laura. Were you kidding last night when you said you'd help me find out what it felt like to be tormented?"

Susan kisses Barbara. "Yes, but what do you have in mind?"

"I want you to torment me just like I've been tormenting Laura. She left her chains. I want you to chain me to the wall for three hours with a vibrator humming in my pussy, and tie me up so I have to sleep with a vibrator in my pussy."

"Are you serious? I was hoping we could have sex tonight."

Barbara kisses Susan. "I'm very serious. If you'd like, I'll eat you before you chain me to the wall. It'll be even more of a torment with the taste of your pussy in my mouth."

"You really want me to torment you?"

"Yes." Barbara puts her hands behind her back. "Torment me Mistress Susan."

"Ok. Eat my pussy, Barbara."

Barbara gets between Susan's legs and eats her. Susan holds Barbara against her pussy until she has five orgasms. Barbara gets a 10-inch adjustable speed vibrator from the nightstand drawer, puts on a pair of panties, sits down on the bed, locks the chains to her wrist and ankles, and stands up by the wall. Susan locks Barbara to the wall, puts the C-clamps on her nipples, turns the vibrator on the lowest speed, and sits down on the bed. Susan smokes a cigarette. She gets a vibrator and gives herself another four orgasms.

Susan looks up at Barbara. "Are you aroused?"

"Yes Mistress Susan, very much so."

"Good." Susan gets up and kisses Barbara. She tightens the C-clamps a little and sits down at the computer. "Only another couple of hours to go."

Susan loses track of time while she's surfing the Internet. She gets up and unchains Barbara after almost four hours of vibrator torment. "You can use the bathroom, but don't even think about playing with yourself."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara puts the chains away, takes the vibrator out, and goes to the bathroom. All she can think about is playing with herself. She comes out and puts the vibrator back in.

Susan grins. "I'm still horny Barbara. Eat me."

"Yes Mistress Susan."

Barbara gets between Susan's legs and eats her to five more orgasms. Susan gets up and ties Barbara's wrists and ankles to the bed. She kisses her goodnight and turns out the lights.

Barbara has trouble getting to sleep. She hadn't felt this horny in her life. Her pussy muscles were straining to push the vibrator out, but the panties kept the vibrator inside her. She never calmed down and fell asleep from exhaustion.

Susan woke Barbara up and kissed her good morning. Susan went to the bathroom. She came back, sat on the bed, and played with Barbara's nipples. "How's my sex toy feeling?'

"Horny, Mistress Susan."

Susan smiled. "Funny you should mention that. I'm a little horny too." She unlocked Barbara from the bed. "Eat me."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara stretched her arms and legs, and moved between Susan's legs.

Susan held her head against her pussy until she had six orgasms. "Go get the vibrator egg from your stepmother's room. Put it in, and go downstairs and make me breakfast. Stand by the table and watch me while I eat."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara took the vibrator out and went into Laura's room. Laura was sleeping soundly. Barbara found the vibrator egg. She had a little trouble getting it in. She went downstairs and made some eggs and coffee for Susan.

Susan took a shower, got dressed, and went downstairs to the kitchen. Barbara was standing by the table. Susan sat down and ate breakfast. She went into the living room and turned on the television.

Barbara cleaned up the kitchen. She went into the living room and stood by the sofa with her hands behind her back. "Do you need anything Mistress Susan?"

Susan turned the vibrator egg on. Barbara closed her eyes and rocked back and forth. Susan turned the egg off. "Yes. Get my cigarettes and an ashtray. Kneel in front of me and hold the ashtray while I watch this movie."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara got the cigarettes and ashtray. She knelt down by Susan and held the ashtray. Susan smoked a couple of cigarettes while she watched the movie.

Laura woke up, got dressed, and made herself a cup of coffee. She wandered into the living room and saw Barbara kneeling in front of Susan.

Susan waved at Laura. "Sit down with me, Laura."

Laura sat down next to Susan. "What are you doing?"

Susan turns to Laura. "Barbara is my sex toy. I've been teasing and tormenting her since you went to bed last night. Isn't that right Barbara?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

"I'm sure that Barbara would do whatever you told her to do, Laura. Isn't that right Barbara?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

Laura looked at Barbara and saw what she looked like when she served Barbara. "No, I'll just watch. Thanks for the offer."

Susan turned to Barbara. "Tell Laura what I've done to you."

"Yes Mistress Susan. You chained me up to the wall and tormented me with the vibrator. You tied me to the bed and had me sleep with a vibrator in my pussy. You had me make you breakfast and you've used me as an ashtray while you watched a movie."

"Aren't you forgetting something Barbara?"

"No, I don't think so Mistress Susan."

"How about all the times I had you eat my pussy?'

Barbara blushed. "I'm sorry Mistress Susan. You had me eat your pussy several times."

"You must not be eating my pussy enough if it's so forgettable. You must be punished." Susan turns to Laura. "Do you have any suggestions, Laura?"

Laura grins. "No. Whatever you decide, Susan."

"Would you mind helping me correct Barbara?"

"What do you want me to do?"

"I want you to whip her with a belt while she's eating me."

"Uh, I don't think I can do that."

"Ok Laura. I'll just come up with something else."

"Can I watch you punish Barbara?"

Susan smiles. "You're curious, aren't you? Yes, you can watch me correct Barbara. Let's go upstairs." She turns to Barbara. "Clean that ashtray and bring it and my cigarettes to your room."

"Yes Mistress Susan."

Susan and Laura go upstairs. Barbara cleans the ashtray, gets the cigarettes, and goes upstairs. Susan was lying on the bed naked. Laura was standing by the side of the bed. Barbara gives the cigarettes and ashtray to Susan.

Susan got up and handcuffed Barbara's wrists behind her back. She picked up the C-clamps, and put them on her nipples. She tightened them until Barbara cried in pain. She wiggled the clamps with her fingers. "Comfy Barbara?"

Barbara gritted her teeth. "No Mistress Susan. My nipples hurt."

Susan smiled. "Good. Do I have your attention now, Barbara?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

"You will eat me to five orgasms. Afterwards, if I feel like it, I'll take the clamps off. Kneel on the bed and wait for me to tell you to start."

Barbara carefully crawls on the bed. She doesn't want to wiggle the clamps.

Susan lies down on the bed and lights a cigarette. She watches Barbara while she smokes. Laura's pussy is tingling watching Susan torment Barbara. Barbara watches Susan smoke, wishing she could get started.

Susan puts out her cigarette. "You may begin, Barbara."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara gets down on the bed. The C-clamps press into her chest as she screams into Susan's pussy. She licks and sucks around her clit, trying to ignore the pain in her nipples. Susan pulls Barbara's head up after she has four orgasms. "Kneel on the bed."

Barbara gets up in a kneeling position. Susan gets another cigarette. Barbara's nipples are on fire as she watches Susan smoke. Laura is amazed at how badly Susan's treating Barbara. She's also embarrassed at how much her pussy is tingling.

Susan puts out her cigarette. She gets a vibrator from the nightstand, and gives herself another four orgasms. Barbara knows Susan is teasing her and struggles to remain calm. Laura wonders what Susan will do next.

Susan puts the vibrator down. "You may continue, Barbara."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara gets down on the bed. She licks up all the pussy juice, and licks and sucks on Susan's clit. The orgasm takes a while.

Susan pulls Barbara's head up. "Kneel on the bed."

Barbara gets up in a kneeling position.

Susan gets a cigarette. She takes a puff. "Are you gong to remember eating my pussy now, Barbara?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

Susan turns to Laura. "Would you mind taking the Barbara's clamps off? I'm a little tired and don't feel like getting up."

Laura hurries and takes the clamps off Barbara's nipples. Barbara screams when the blood rushes back into her nipples. Susan laughs.

Laura notices the time. "My goodness, John will be here soon." She goes to her room to get ready.

Barbara looks down at Susan. "You've had your fun, now unlock me."

Susan takes a puff of her cigarette. "Excuse me, but do you give Laura breaks from serving you?"

Barbara looks down. "No Mistress Susan."

"You asked me to torment you. And I intend to do so until I leave tomorrow. I'm having a lot of fun."

"Yes Mistress Susan. John will be over soon. We can't parade around the house naked with him here."

"We're not. You're going to stay in your room this evening."

"Yes Mistress Susan."

"It's lunch time. I'll be back in a while. Don't go away." Susan gets dressed and goes downstairs.

Laura is eating lunch. Susan makes herself a sandwich and sits down.

"Where's Barbara?"

"She'll be staying in her room this evening. What did you think of Barbara's punishment?"

Laura blushes. "I'm ashamed of myself, but watching you torment Barbara got me horny. I had to play with myself before I took a shower and got dressed. You're so creative. Now I understand why you tormented me so much."

"Thanks. Yes, it's very arousing to torment someone. Especially when they obey willingly."

"Are you going to torment Barbara all day?"

"Yes, and all night as well. Lucky for her I have to leave tomorrow. I like having a sex toy."

"Don't tell Barbara, but I love being her sex toy."

Susan laughs. "I won't."

Susan gets a banana and goes upstairs. Barbara is kneeling on the bed.

Susan peels the banana. "This is for you, Barbara. Pretend it's a cock. I want you to give the banana a great blowjob."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara licks and sucks on the end of the banana while Susan holds it.

Susan commands, "You may eat it now." Barbara eats the banana.

Susan gets undressed and lies down on the bed. "You may eat me now." Barbara gets between Susan's legs and eats her to four orgasms. Susan pulls Barbara up by her and they kiss and cuddle for a while.

Susan gets dressed. "Kneel on the bed, Barbara. I'll be back later."

"Yes Mistress Susan." Barbara gets up on her knees.

Susan goes to the store and buys two metal ashtrays and a couple of fashion magazines. She returns to Barbara's room. "Did you miss me?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

"Since I can't bring you downstairs, I found something else to do. Kneel down on the floor."

Barbara kneels down on the floor next to the bed.

Susan gets a metal ashtray. "Bite down on this."

Barbara grasps the ashtray with her teeth. Susan lights a cigarette, lies down, and reads a magazine.

The smoke bothers Barbara. She couldn't imagine how Laura could have done this. She grits her teeth and tries to keep still. She almost let go of the ashtray when Susan turned the vibrator egg on. Susan smokes five cigarettes while she reads. Barbara's jaw was aching.

Susan got up and took the ashtray from Barbara's mouth. "You did very well."

"Thank you Mistress Susan."

"I'm horny. Get up here and eat me."

Barbara gets up on the bed and eats Susan's pussy. Barbara's jaw hurts and she mostly sucks on Susan's clit. Susan has six orgasms before she lets go of Barbara's head.

"Kneel on the bed."

Barbara kneels. Susan turns the vibrator egg on. Barbara closes her eyes and rocks her hips back and forth. Susan turns the egg off.

Barbara moans. "Damn. That was so close."

"That's not very appreciative."

"Sorry Mistress Susan. Thank you Mistress Susan for pleasuring me."

"That's better."

Susan gets up and unlocks the handcuffs from Barbara's wrists. "Get dressed, we're going out for dinner."

Barbara and Susan get dressed. They go out to a sandwich shop. Barbara is hungry and orders a large steak and cheese sandwich. Susan teases Barbara with the vibrator egg while they eat. They go to the mall and catch a movie. They look at some dresses but don't see anything they like. They drive back to Barbara's house.

Barbara and Susan get undressed. Susan locks Barbara to the wall for her vibrator torment. Susan surfs the Internet looking for pictures of naked men. After four hours Susan unlocks Barbara. Barbara goes to the bathroom. Susan locks Barbara to the bed, kisses her goodnight, and turns out the lights.

Susan wakes Barbara up and kisses her good morning. She leaves her tied to the bed while she takes a shower and packs her things. She sits down by the side of the bed, and rubs her palm on Barbara's face. "I'll be leaving in a little while. I haven't decided whether to unlock you or let Laura do it."

"Yes Mistress Susan."

Susan kisses Barbara. "You're pretty horny, aren't you?"

"Yes Mistress Susan."

"You took good care of me. Thanks for eating me out so much."

"You're welcome, Mistress Susan."

Susan kisses Barbara. "Goodbye. I'll let Laura unlock you."

"Goodbye Mistress Susan."

Susan leaves. It's after lunch when Laura comes in. She sits down by Barbara.

"Susan told me you wanted to be left alone because you wanted to catch up on your sleep. I'm glad I came up to check on you. Susan's very creative with her torments." Laura unlocks Barbara from the bed.

Barbara stretches her arms and legs, and sits up on the bed. "Yes she is. It was an interesting experience having her dominate and torment me."

"How did you like it?"

"I didn't. Susan was pretty rough with me. I'm not used to that much physical torment. I had to work to keep from getting angry with her. It's not my nature to be submissive."

"I'm sorry Barbara." Laura hugged Barbara.

Barbara hugged Laura. "Why are you sorry? It was my choice to have Susan torment me. Besides, it was only a couple of days. I've been dominating you for almost a month. How do you like it?"

"At first I didn't, but I do have a submissive nature. Once I got used to the idea of my stepdaughter dominating me, I grew to like it. I definitely enjoy how horny I am. I have stronger orgasms."

"Did you like how Susan tormented you?"

"No Barbara, I didn't. When you and Susan walked out of the kitchen after lunch and left me I felt so helpless and humiliated."

"Why did you let us do that to you?'

Laura kissed Barbara on the cheek. "Because you're my dominants. I serve and obey."

"Laura, tell me if I ever make you feel helpless or humiliated."

"Sure Barbara. You're not like Susan. You're sweet and gentle with me."

Barbara giggled inside. If Laura considers three hours of vibrator torment sweet and gentle, so be it. "My arms and legs are sore. Maybe I'll feel better after I take a shower." Barbara takes the vibrator out and takes a long hot shower. She gets dressed and gets a late lunch. She goes back up to her room and plays with herself. She has twelve orgasms before she turns the vibrator off.

Barbara teased and dominated Laura the rest of the summer. Barbara was more appreciative of Laura's service. They both cried when Barbara returned to school in the fall.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





