BDSM Library - Weekend Surprises




Weekend Surprises
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Female dancer (& friends) surprises her client.







I was at work, sitting at my desk. I was working on the computer, filling in some meaningless spreadsheet, bored as hell. The phone rang, and I answered.

"Hello, is Bert there?" I heard the sweet voice, and I knew it was Candy. Her name is Candice, but she liked me to call her Candy.

I had met her six months ago. She's a nude dancer, and she works at the Flamingo lounge. She's 22 years old, about 5' 8" tall, with shoulder length blonde hair and blue eyes. She looks something like Marsha Brady or Jennifer Anniston. She has small round orange shaped breasts with tiny nipples that fold in. They can be coaxed out, but it's a lot of work. 

She had just started working at the Flamingo, and she was wearing a bra under her lingerie. I bought her a couple of drinks, and we talked. I told her she might make more money if she didn't wear the bra. She thought that was a good idea, and took the bra off. She asked me for my phone number, and pulled out an address book. I was surprised. No dancer had ever asked me for my phone number before. I gave her my work number, and told her I'd hope I'd see her again.

Candy called me at work every three or four weeks. I looked forward to her calls, although she usually just asked me to come over to the lounge and sit with her. After she called me a couple of times, I decided to tell her yes, I would meet her at the lounge. I left work early, and drove over. I bought her a few drinks, and she kissed me and fondled my cock while I fondled her breasts. I had a good time with Candy.

One day a couple of months later, Candy called me and asked me if I wanted to meet her and her friend Nicci after they got off work. I had met Nicci the week before at the lounge, and I thought, why not, so I told her sure, I'd meet them at 7:30. Nicci was an older brunette, with floppy breasts and large sensitive nipples. She had told me that she hadn't been fucked in over a year, and that she wished I could fuck her. I thought that she was just saying that to arouse me, but now it looked like I might get the chance. I got to the lounge at 7:15, and Nicci sat by me. She told me that Candy was getting worried that I wouldn't show up. A couple of minutes later, Candy came by to say hi. I told them I was saving my money for them, and they could meet me at an adult bookstore on the corner. I left the lounge, and went to the bookstore to wait for them. They came in about 20 minutes later, and we walked over to the parking garage and to my car. 

We drove to a motel, got a room, and went in. I brought some condoms and baby oil with me. I also brought some rope and a pair of handcuffs, in case I could get them interested in tying me up. They were a little nervous about that. I had them undress and sit on the edge of the bed smoking a cigarette while I watched from a chair. After they finished their cigarette, I got on the bed with them. We kissed, and they both tried to masturbate me while I fondled their breasts and nipples.

I asked Nicci if she wanted to fuck me, and she said "Sure".

Nicci got a condom, put it on my cock, and jumped on. I asked Candy to sit on my face while Nicci fucked me. They kissed and bounced on top of me while I sucked on Candy's blonde pussy. I'd never had sex with two women at the same time like this before, and I was happy they did this for me. After about 30 minutes Candy was anxious to leave, so I took them home. 

I'd visited Candy at the lounge a few more times after that, usually because she called. She was a good kisser, and as she got to know me, she got better at kissing me. I tried to talk about my bondage fantasies, but she wasn't very interested in hearing them. I met other dancers at the lounge that were more interested in my bondage fantasies, but they worked odd schedules and weren't at the lounge many times when I visited.

I was glad Candy had called. I answered, "Hello Candy, this is Bert." 

"Hi, how you're doin'?" 

"Fine, how about you?" 

"Good. Would you like to get together?" 

It had been about a month since I'd been to the lounge. "Sure, do you have anywhere in mind, Candy?" 

"How about my place?" 

I was surprised. Last time I'd had to get a hotel room. "Sure. How much do you want?" 

"How long do you want to be with me, Bert?" 

"A couple of hours." 

"Ok, $180." 

"That sounds fair." 

"Bert, could you bring the rope, handcuffs, and whatever else you have. I think I'm interested in trying to tie you up this time. Would you like that?" 

I was surprised again. I wondered if she was serious. "Yes Candy, I'd like that. What's your address?" She gave me her address, and I wrote it down. "I'll be there in a couple of hours." "Ok, I'll see you then." 

I hung up, finished up the spreadsheet, and left work early. Thank goodness it was a Friday afternoon, and others in the office had already left early for the weekend. I stopped at the ATM, and got $260. I wanted to give her a nice tip if we spent two hours together. I stopped at the drugstore to get some condoms and baby oil. It took an hour to drive to her place. I found a spot up the street and parked. I was lucky that I'd had the rope and handcuffs already in the car.

I got my stuff together, and walked back to her house. I walked up the steps on the porch, and knocked on the door. Candy answered the door, and kissed me. She was wearing a tee shirt and some shorts. She was barefoot, and didn't have any makeup on. I liked the way she looked better without all the makeup. She let me into the living room, and I gave her $180. She walked into the dining room, put the money away, and came back into the living room. She led me up the stairs to her bedroom. 

She closed the door behind me, and said, "Where's the bondage stuff". 

I opened the toolbox and put out the rope, handcuffs, condoms, and baby oil on her dresser. She peeled off her shirt and shorts. She was naked, and she looked lovely. She was standing in the light that was coming through the window shade, and she glowed. 

"Well, what are you waiting for? Get your clothes off and let's get started." 

I sat down on a large upholstered chair, and took off my shoes and socks. Candy had lit a cigarette, and was smoking while I undressed. I stood up, took off my shirt and pants, and put them on the chair. I took off my underwear, and put it on top of the clothes. I turned around, and kissed Candy. I put my arm around her, and we were walking towards the bed, when I heard a voice behind me say, "Well, aren't you the cutest couple."

I was startled. I had no idea anyone else was in the room. It took me a few seconds to remember the voice, and then I realized who it was. I turned around, and saw Melissa standing in the doorway. She was wearing a nice red blouse and matching knee length skirt. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. Even in the subdued light I could see her nipples poking through the fabric of the blouse. Melissa is another dancer that I'd met at the lounge. She's 22 years old, and about 5' 7" tall with short brown hair and brown eyes. She has torpedo shaped firm breasts, and even without the bra they stood out without sagging. She has large sensitive nipples that I had sucked on when I'd bought her drinks. I suspected she wasn't wearing panties. She had on a pair of red stockings with red pumps. She had her hands on her hips. 

Melissa spoke again. "Well Bert, were you bullshitting me when you told me all about your bondage fantasies, or do you want Candy and I to dominate you?" 

I thought for a second, and answered, "Yes Melissa, I want you to dominate me. But I only brought enough money to pay Candy. I didn't know you were going to be here." 

Melissa glared at me. "Just answer the questions I ask. Do you want to be dominated by Candy and I?" 

"Yes Melissa, I want you and Candy to dominate me." 

"Very well. You will refer to us as Mistress Melissa and Mistress Candy. You must obey every command we give without question. If you hesitate, we're going to stop and send you home. Do you understand?" 

I answered meekly, "Yes, Mistress Melissa". 

Mistress Melissa took her hands off her hips. "Put your hands behind your back." 

I put my hands behind my back. Mistress Candy walked over to the dresser, put the cigarette down, and brought back the handcuffs and rope. She handcuffed my wrists behind my back. 

She stepped in front of me, and said, "Open your legs". 

I did, and she tied a rope to the base of my cock behind my balls. When she was done, she said, "Kneel". 

I knelt down, and I felt her tie my ankles together, and tie the end of the rope to the handcuff chain. My wrists were pulled away from my back. 

Mistress Melissa walked over in front of me. My eyes were waist height, and I decided that it would be best just to look down at her feet. I heard steps around me, and knew Mistress Candy was walking around the room. I was wondering what they wanted me to do. I knew that Mistress Melissa wasn't kidding. I had to obey them no matter what they commanded. I'd hoped that I could do whatever they wanted me to do. I had shared many bondage and domination fantasies with both of them in the lounge. I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Look at me". 

I looked up. From down on the floor, her breasts looked huge and menacing, hanging over me. I saw that she had my wallet. I watched as Mistress Melissa took the remaining $80 from my wallet, a platinum credit card, and my driver's license. She put the money and cards in her blouse pocket, and tossed the wallet on the dresser. I gulped, and realized that this was serious. I had no idea what these women were going to do to me. I decided to stay calm, and try to enjoy the domination as much as possible. If they were going to hurt me, there wasn't much I could do to stop it while I was bound.

Mistress Melissa walked over to the dresser, got a cigarette, and lit it. She walked back to me, bent over, and pulled the rope tied to my cock between my legs. She yanked on it hard, and it pulled on my cock. It hurt. I heard Mistress Melissa walk behind me. 

Mistress Candy sat down on the floor in front of me. She had a pillow, cigarettes, a lighter, and an ashtray. I felt the rope tied to my cock get taut. 

I heard Mistress Melissa speak behind me. "You told me that you get hard watching a naked woman smoke. Candy wants to see if that's true. She'll lie down in front of you and smoke. As long as you stay hard, she'll be happy. But if you get soft, her feelings are going to be hurt. If you hurt her feelings, I'm going to hurt your cock." She gave the rope a strong yank. "Do you understand?" 

I answered meekly, "Yes, Mistress Melissa". 

Mistress Candy lit a cigarette, and took a puff. She blew the smoke in my face, and lay down in front of me. She wrapped her legs around my legs, and pulled the pillow under her head. She took a puff from her cigarette every minute or so, as I stared at her. Lying on the floor, her small breasts had completely sunk into her chest. Her nipples weren't even hard. Her pussy was nice to look at, with her fine blonde hair.

I was hard at first, but as time passed, it was difficult to stay aroused. I enjoyed watching Mistress Candy smoke, but it wasn't arousing me. Sometime before the end of the first cigarette I got soft, and I felt Mistress Melissa yank on the rope a few times. The yanking, although it hurt, got me hard again. Mistress Candy finished her first cigarette. She sat up to light another, and blew smoke in my face before she lay down. I got soft twice while Mistress Candy smoked the second cigarette, and each time Mistress Melissa yanked on the rope to get me hard again. I noticed that Mistress Candy waved her left hand to signal to Mistress Melissa to yank on the rope. By the end of the third cigarette, Mistress Melissa was yanking on the rope almost constantly.

After Mistress Candy put out the cigarette, I heard Mistress Melissa speak. "You liar. You couldn't stay hard watching Candy smoke naked. You hurt her feelings. Apologize to her now." 

I looked into Mistress Candy's face and answered, "I'm sorry Mistress Candy. I couldn't stay hard watching you smoke. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?" 

Mistress Candy sat up, and pulled me down into her stomach. I went forward, and my legs went up in the air. I almost fell on my face, but Mistress Candy kept me from hitting the floor. When she wiggled her pussy into my face, she didn't have to tell me what she wanted. I licked around her pussy lips, and they were already wet. I found her clit and sucked. I could feel Mistress Melissa tugging on the rope, and that made me lick and suck even harder. I licked and sucked Mistress Candy to three orgasms (I think), and she pushed herself away from me, and rested. 

It took both of them to get me back on my knees, which were getting sore. Mistress Melissa stepped in front of me, and I looked up at her. She pulled up her skirt, and let it drop. Now I knew she wasn't wearing any panties. Mistress Candy got a cigarette from the dresser, lit it, and sat on the bed watching me. Mistress Melissa walked over to a large upholstered chair that was a few feet in front of me, and sat down. She sat on the edge of the chair, leaning back. "Would you like to eat my pussy?" 


I answered, "Yes Mistress Melissa". 

Mistress Melissa pulled up her skirt, and said, "Crawl over here, and eat me."

I crawled over to her. With my ankles tied together I could only move an inch at a time. After I crawled about a foot, I felt the rope pulling on my cock. I looked behind me, and saw that the other end of the rope was tied to another chair. I realized I was going to have to drag that large chair two feet over carpet with my cock if I wanted to eat Mistress Melissa's pussy. It took about ten minutes, but I finally crawled over to her, and licked and sucked on her pussy. She was very wet, and she pushed me away from her after she had four orgasms (I think). 

Mistress Candy walked over to me, and untied the rope from the handcuff chain and my ankles. "Stand up", she commanded.

I had a little trouble getting up with my wrists handcuffed behind my back, but I stood up and faced Mistress Melissa. My knees were sore, and I was glad to be off them. Mistress Candy got a cigarette for Mistress Melissa, and lit it. I looked at Mistress Melissa, and waited.

Mistress Melissa took a few drags from the cigarette, slapped my cock a few times until it was hard, and said, "You've been a good slave so far. Sit down on the bed."

I walked over to the bed and sat down on the side.

"Slide back."

I slid back until my legs were on the bed as well. Mistress Candy walked over to the bed and sat in my lap, and kissed me. She moved her hands all over my arms, shoulders, and back, while I sat there with my hands handcuffed behind my back. My cock was pressed hard against the outside of her warm pussy. We kissed for about ten minutes, until I heard Mistress Melissa say, "That's enough".

Mistress Candy got up, and after all that kissing, licking, and sucking I was thirsty. I looked up, and watched as Mistress Candy left the room. She returned with two glasses of water, and handed one to Mistress Melissa. They stood in front of me and drank about half the glass, and came and sat next to me on the bed. Mistress Melissa held the glass under my mouth, and said, "Drink".

I put my lips on the glass, but Mistress Melissa didn't move it. I tried to stick my tongue into the glass but the water was too far down, and I couldn't get any. After a couple of minutes Mistress Melissa pulled the glass away, and I wondered how they were going to tease me next. 

Mistress Candy got up and left the room. She returned with a cereal bowl. She put the bowl on the floor, and poured the remainder of the water from her glass into the bowl. Mistress Melissa got up, and poured the remainder of the water from her glass into the bowl. She sat down in the chair and said, "Come over here and drink".

I got up from the bed, walked over to the bowl, knelt down in front of the bowl and rolled onto my left side. I sipped from the bowl, until I had drank about 2/3 of it. I licked the rest of the water with my tongue until I had finished most of it.

Mistress Candy picked up the bowl and put it up on the dresser. She sat down on the bed. I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Stand up and look at me".

I got up and looked over at Mistress Melissa sitting in the chair. Mistress Candy walked over to the dresser, got a cigarette, and lit it. She walked back to me, bent over, and yanked hard on the rope tied to my cock between my legs. I heard Mistress Candy walk behind me. 

Mistress Melissa pulled the credit card and license from her blouse pocket. She must have put the cash somewhere else, because it wasn't in her pocket. "My services have already cost you an extra $100. I'm curious if you'll stay hard watching me smoke. I know you think I'm more attractive than Candy. I'm not naked, but for another $100 I'll take off my blouse, and we can find out. Do you want to spend the extra $100?" 

I replied meekly, "Yes Mistress Melissa, please remove your blouse." 

Mistress Melissa stood up and removed her blouse. She sat down and lit a cigarette. She took a drag and stared at my face and my cock. I was aroused, and I stayed hard through the first two cigarettes she smoked. Her torpedo breasts were enjoyable to look at, and I just had to think about what she had done to me to stay hard. On the third cigarette I softened. I saw Mistress Melissa wave her left hand, and sure enough Mistress Candy yanked on the rope. She yanked pretty hard, and it was all I could do to keep from losing my balance. 

After Mistress Melissa finished the cigarette, she reached over to the phone on the desk. She dialed a number, put the receiver to her ear, and after a couple of minutes said, "Yes, I'd like to order 5 satin teddies, one blue, one red, and three black." She gave them the credit card number, the billing address from my license, and the shipping address. I guess the shipping address was her apartment. She repeated the total, which was $220. After she said thanks and hung up, she tossed the credit card and my license on the dresser. She said, "Go sit on the bed".

I walked over and sat on the bed. Mistress Candy came over with a leather blindfold. She put it on over my eyes, and I couldn't see. I felt someone unlock the handcuffs from behind my back. I heard Mistress Melissa say, "Lay down".

I lay down on my back. I felt someone pulling up on my arms, and I felt the handcuffs being locked on my wrists again. I knew my wrists had been locked through the headboard of the bed. I felt myself being slid around on the bed, and I felt the rope around my cock being pulled. I felt my ankles being tied together. A couple of minutes passed before I felt a nipple pressing against my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked. I could tell it was Mistress Melissa's nipple.

I could feel hands rubbing on my body, and someone would slap my cock every once in a while when it got soft. I sucked on Mistress Melissa and Mistress Candy's nipples and licked their pussies. I couldn't tell them apart. I heard them kissing each other, and I kept licking and sucking on whatever they put in my mouth. Finally, after a long time, I felt someone unlock the blindfold. I looked up, blinked, and saw Mistress Candy. I looked around, but I didn't see Mistress Melissa. 

"Melissa left ten minutes ago. She told me I could keep you tied up and play with you for as long as I wanted. I'd never done anything like this before, but with Melissa directing everything, it was easy. I found out that I got pretty wet watching you obey us."

Mistress Candy sat on my lower chest and lit a cigarette. I lay there and watched her smoke the cigarette. When she was finished, she held the handcuff key in front of my face. "Melissa told me I should make you earn this." 
Mistress Candy got up on her knees, and pushed the handcuff key up into her pussy. She bent over and kissed me for a couple of minutes. She turned around and straddled my face with her pussy. I licked her pussy and sucked on her clit while she had three orgasms. She fell forward and rested for a few minutes. I heard Mistress Candy ask, "Did you get the key?" 

"No Mistress Candy, I didn't." 

"Well, you'll just have to try again." She climbed back on my face, and I licked and sucked her to two more orgasms. She fell forward and rested for about fifteen minutes. Again I heard Mistress Candy ask, "Did you get the key?" 

"No Mistress, I didn't." 

"As much as I'd like you to try again, my pussy's sore." She sat up on my lower chest, and lit another cigarette. She took a couple of puffs, and said, "You bastard. You stayed much harder watching Melissa smoke than you did watching me. You're going to stay handcuffed to the bed until you lick the key out of my pussy."

Mistress Candy slid back until her ass was pushing against my cock. "You must be horny. You're hard watching even me smoke." She wiggled her ass up and down on my cock a few times. After she finished the cigarette, she bent over and kissed me for a few minutes. She sat up again and said, "You poor baby. You've been here two hours and you haven't touched my breasts once." 

Mistress Candy cupped her breasts with her hands and played with her nipples. She even made one of them pop out. She leaned over my head until I could feel her breast in my right hand. I fondled her breast and nipple until she pulled it away. She teased me for a while by putting her breast in my hand and pulling it away. 

When Mistress Candy was tired of teasing me, she sat on my lower chest and lit another cigarette. I watched her as she smoked and wiggled her ass against my cock. When she finished the cigarette she got up and said, "I have to go now. I'll see you later." She got up and left the room.

I lay on the bed and watched it get dark outside. At least I didn't need to go to the bathroom. My jaw was a little sore from all the licking and sucking, but otherwise I was okay. I couldn't move much, so I knew that my arm and leg muscles were sore. I knew that I was stuck until Mistress Candy untied me. At least it was Friday, and no one was expecting me until I had to be back at work Monday morning. After what seemed to be a couple of hours, I heard a light switch. I looked over, and saw Mistress Candy turning on a lamp. She was still naked.

Mistress Candy came over to the bed, sat on my lower chest, and lit a cigarette. I felt her ass rubbing against my cock, which was rather soft. In spite of myself, I got hard again. "Good. I'm glad you still enjoy watching me smoke naked." After she finished the cigarette, she turned around and straddled my face with her pussy. I licked her pussy and sucked on her clit. She had several orgasms and she giggled when I hadn't fished the key out her pussy. She got up, turned off the light, and left the room. 

I must have fell asleep because I was startled when the light went on again. Mistress Candy was there; along with Mistress Melissa and two other women I didn't know. Mistress Candy was still naked, while Mistress Melissa and the other two women were wearing a tee shirt and shorts. None of them were wearing bras.

Mistress Melissa spoke. "Good. You didn't pee on the bed. We decided that we like having a slave, and we're going to hang on to you for a while. We're going to untie you and let you go to the bathroom. After that we're going to tie you to the bed again. If you give us any trouble, we're going to beat the shit out of you. Do you understand?" 

I replied hoarsely, "Yes Mistress Melissa". 

Mistress Candy walked over to the bed and untied my ankles. Mistress Melissa unlocked the handcuffs from my wrists. I wiggled around a little, and I knew all my muscles were sore. I tried to stand up, and I fell to the floor. I crawled to the door. As I went through the door I heard Mistress Candy say, "First door to the right."

Feeling a little better, I stood up, walked into the bathroom, and peed. I was hungry. I had no idea what time it was, but I knew it was the middle of the night. At least I didn't have to shit. I took a couple of sips of water from the sink. I didn't want to drink a lot; I had no idea when I might get to go to the bathroom again. I stretched my muscles for a couple of minutes before I went back into the bedroom.

I walked into the bedroom, and heard Mistress Melissa command, "Put your arms behind your back." I did, and Mistress Candy locked the handcuffs to my wrists. I could feel her reach down and get the rope tied to my cock. Mistress Melissa spoke again. "Slave, this is Gloria and Harriet. They are also your Mistresses." I looked at Mistress Gloria and Mistress Harriet. Mistress Gloria was about 5' 10" tall, with shoulder length brunette hair and brown eyes. Her breasts looked like large cantaloupes. Mistress Harriet was about 5' 4" tall with long black hair and brown eyes. Her breasts looked like grapefruit. I wondered what Mistress Melissa had planned. 

Mistress Melissa continued speaking. "Gloria wants to see you get hard watching her smoke. Move over to the chair." I walked over to the front of the chair. I felt the rope tied to my cock get taut. Mistress Gloria pulled off her tee shirt and shorts. She walked over to the dresser, and got the cigarettes and lighter. She sat down in the chair, lit a cigarette, and took a puff. Her nipples were the size of my little finger, and she had nice large round breasts. My cock sprang to life, and Mistress Gloria giggled. I stayed hard through the first two cigarettes she smoked. Her breasts were enjoyable to look at, and I kept thinking about what these women might do to me to stay hard. On the third cigarette I softened. I saw Mistress Gloria wave her left hand, and sure enough Mistress Candy yanked on the rope. 

After Mistress Gloria finished her cigarette, she got up and kissed me. She kissed me for several minutes, running her hands over my arms and back. I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Pick up that chair and move it by the foot of the bed. Stand at the foot of the bed facing away from the bed."

I walked over to the chair and turned around. With my hands bound behind my back I couldn't pick up the chair, but I could drag the chair over to the bed. I stood facing away from the bed.

Mistress Candy came over to me. She was carrying a black cat-o-nine tails whip. She pulled the cock rope between my legs, gave it a tug, and sat down. I watched Mistress Candy watch me as I heard giggling behind me on the bed. I heard kissing and moaning, and I suspected the Mistresses were having sex on the bed behind me. I dared not turn around and look, as I knew that Mistress Candy would start whipping me if I did. Every couple of minutes someone would yank on the rope. My cock hurt. After a while I felt someone rubbing her hands on my back and bottom. It aroused me a little, but then the rubbing stopped. 

I saw Mistress Harriet come over to the chair and whisper something into Mistress Candy's ear. Mistress Candy got up and walked over to the dresser. Mistress Harriet sat in the chair and lit a cigarette. She took a drag, and Mistress Candy came back with one of her bras. She draped the bra over my cock, and stepped back.

Mistress Harriet spoke. "It's my turn to see how long you can stay hard. When you let that bra drop, I'm going to whip you until you pick it up again."

I looked at Mistress Harriet. She had round breasts with dark, almost black nipples. I leaned back a little to help my cock hold up the bra. The first cigarette was no problem, but on the second, I felt myself getting soft. I thought about Mistress Harriet whipping me, and I got hard again. Sometime during the third cigarette I got soft, and let the bra fall to the floor. Mistress Harriet hit my legs, chest and cock with the whip, and she kept hitting me until I could bend down to the floor, pick up the bra, and stand up again.

I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Sit down on the bed".

I sat down, and the Mistresses blindfolded me and bound me to the bed. I felt nipples and pussies pressed against my lips, and I licked and sucked for a long, long time. I gave up trying to guess which Mistress I was pleasing. I was tired and not very aroused. The Mistresses left my cock alone, except to slap it every once in a while. My jaw was feeling very sore when I felt someone unbuckle the blindfold. I looked up, blinked, and saw Mistress Candy. I looked around the room, and saw Mistress Harriet standing by the bed. 

Mistress Candy spoke. "Melissa and Gloria have already left. Harriet wants to show you something before she leaves."

Mistress Harriet peeled a banana, and pushed the banana into her pussy. When it was completely in, she reached over to the bed, picked up a pair of panties, and put them on. She bent over me, kissed me, and left the room.

Mistress Candy climbed on my lower chest and lit a cigarette. I lay there and watched her smoke the cigarette. When she finished, she dropped her pussy on my face and had me try to fish the handcuff key from her pussy. After a few orgasms, she got up, turned off the light, and closed the door.

I know I fell asleep because I was startled at how bright the room was when I woke up. My muscles were stiff and very sore, and I didn't know how much longer I could take this torment. I hoped it was still Saturday. I wasn't sure whether it was morning or afternoon.

Mistress Harriet came into the room. She was naked except for the panties she had put on the night before. "Good morning slave. Did you sleep well?" 

"Yes Mistress Harriet, I did." 

Mistress Harriet pulled her panties off, and climbed on the bed. She turned around and straddled my face with her pussy. At least my jaw wasn't sore now. I licked her pussy and she pushed. The banana came out into my mouth. It was very soft and hot, and I realized that she had slept with it in her pussy. I hadn't eaten since lunch yesterday, and I was hungry. I ate the banana as fast as I could, but Mistress Harriet was pushing it even faster, and I almost choked on mashed banana. After I finished eating the banana, I saw that her pussy was dripping. I licked for a couple of minutes until the dripping stopped, and I sucked on her clit. Banana and pussy juice for breakfast made me feel a lot better. I licked and sucked her to three orgasms. She fell forward to rest.

I looked around the room, and saw that Mistress Melissa, Mistress Gloria, and Mistress Candy were watching. They were naked as well. 

Mistress Melissa spoke. "Good. You didn't pee on the bed. We're going to untie you and let you go to the bathroom. After that, we're going to tie you up again. Don't give us any trouble."

Mistress Candy and Mistress Harriet untied me from the bed. I wiggled around a little, and I knew all my muscles were sore. I took my time getting up. After a couple of minutes I walked slowly to the door. I walked into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet. I peed, and tried to shit. After a couple of minutes I gave up. I stood up and took a couple of sips of water from the sink. I stretched for a few minutes before I went back into the bedroom.

I walked into the bedroom, and heard Mistress Melissa command, "Put your arms out in front of you."

I did, and Mistress Candy locked the handcuffs to my wrists.

Mistress Melissa continued, "You are going to make us all breakfast. Don't even think about nibbling on anything; Harriet will feed you later. Now get downstairs and start making pancakes and bacon."

I turned around, and went down the stairs. I hadn't really seen the lower floor of the house, but I didn't have too much trouble finding the kitchen. I looked around and found the pans, plates, and silverware. I decided to set the table before I started cooking. As I brought the plates to the table, I saw that the Mistresses had already seated themselves. I brought out the silverware and pancake syrup, and returned to the kitchen to cook the pancakes. I found I could reach everything even though my wrists were handcuffed together. After I made the pancakes, I fried the bacon. It was a little tricky to fry the bacon, being naked, but I survived.

I brought the bacon out first, followed by the orange juice and the pancakes. I stood by Mistress Harriet and watched while they ate. When they finished eating, they got up and left the room. I cleared the table, loaded the dishwasher, and started it. As I was cleaning up the kitchen, Mistress Melissa came in. "The kitchen looks nice. We're in the living room. When you're done in here, bring us four glasses of ice water." She left, and I finished cleaning up the kitchen. 

I got some ice from the freezer, and made four glasses of ice water. I found a dinner plate, and carried the water out to the living room on the plate. I bent down to put the plate on the coffee table, and the Mistresses picked up their glasses.

Mistress Gloria said, "Come over here by me."

I walked over to her, and she untied the rope from around my cock. She picked up the glass of ice water, took a couple of sips, and submerged my cock. I was shocked, but I didn't move. Once my cock had shriveled up, Mistress Gloria removed the glass, and put a leather sheath on my cock. The leather straps wrapped around the base of my cock, the balls, and the beginning of the shaft. The remainder of the shaft was exposed. She attached a ten-foot length of chain to the sheath with a small padlock. The lock not only locked the chain to the sheath, but also locked the sheath on my cock. I found that as my cock warmed up again, the tightness of the sheath made me get hard.

Mistress Gloria said, "There, that looks better. I love to see a hard cock. Now get me another glass of ice water." I picked up the plate and Mistress Gloria's ice water, and returned to the kitchen. The chain was long enough and heavy enough that I felt it tugging on my cock as I walked.

I returned to the living room with Mistress Gloria's glass of ice water, and set it down on the coffee table by her. She picked it up, took a few sips, and put it down. She looked at me, and said, "Slave, we're going in the backyard to get some sun."

Mistress Gloria picked up the chain, stood up, and went out the back door. I followed her outside. It was hot, well into the afternoon, probably close to 100 degrees. There was some shrubbery along the sides of the yard for privacy, but no trees. You could see into the back yard from the upper floor of several of the surrounding houses. We walked about ten feet past the back door when I heard Mistress Gloria command, "Go into the shed, and bring back four loungers."

I walked into the shed, found the loungers, and brought them out into the yard. I set them up in a row, facing the sun.

"Now go get a hammer and tent stake."

I went back into the shed, and found a hammer. I had to look around for a few minutes before I finally found an eighteen-inch metal tent stake. When I returned, the other Mistresses had come out into the yard, and they were lying on the loungers.

Mistress Gloria picked out a spot in the yard about three feet away from her lounger, measured out about eight feet of my cock chain, and said, "Hammer the stake into the ground through this chain link." It took me a couple of minutes to hammer the stake into the ground through the chain. I was sweating when I was finished. By now, Mistress Gloria was lying on her recliner as well.

Mistress Melissa commanded "Come over here and put sunscreen on me." 

Mistress Melissa was the farthest away from where I was staked, and the chain was almost taut as I stood by her side. She was laying on her back, so I applied the sunscreen to her neck, arms, back, and legs. I enjoyed rubbing sunscreen onto her firm bottom. She turned around. I started with her legs and worked up her body. I stopped to finger her pussy for a couple of minutes. She didn't stop me, but she didn't seem to care, so I moved up her body. I took a few minutes to rub her firm torpedo shaped breasts, which had sunk into her chest somewhat. I finished with her arms and face.

Almost as soon as I finished with Mistress Melissa, Mistress Candy commanded me to put sunscreen on her. After I finished putting sunscreen on Mistress Candy I put sunscreen on Mistress Gloria. I spent several minutes rubbing sunscreen on her large round soft breasts.

Mistress Harriet was the farthest away on the other side from where I was staked, and the chain was almost taut as I stood by her side. She was the darkest of the Mistresses, and her sunscreen had the lowest SPF value.

When I had finished with Mistress Harriet, I returned to where I had staked myself to the ground. I was dripping sweat from the heat and the exertion, and I wondered what was next. 

Mistress Melissa sat up and said, "You'd better put some sunscreen on yourself. We're going to be out here for a few hours." She pointed to her right, and I saw a bottle of sunscreen standing up in the grass near the house. 

I walked over to the bottle of sunscreen, but the chain stopped me about four feet before I got to it. I got down on the ground and reached for the sunscreen, but it was still a foot away from my hand. I remembered the hammer. I got up and walked back to the stake, looking for it. I heard Mistress Gloria say, "Are you looking for this?" 

I looked up, and saw she had the hammer in her hand. I replied meekly, "Yes Mistress Gloria, I was looking for the hammer to reach the sunscreen." 

Mistress Gloria laughed and replied, "Too bad", and tossed the hammer into the yard in front of her, far out of my reach.

I walked back to the stake and lay down, dripping with sweat, and tried to remember to turn over every few minutes. I would glance over at the Mistresses, and they would be lying on their back or stomach, maybe smoking a cigarette, sipping their ice water, or daubing themselves with a towel. I enjoyed looking at them, but I was concerned. I was beginning to think we would be out all afternoon, and I'd turn red as a lobster. Maybe that was their plan. It seemed like they were teasing me by putting my sunscreen where I couldn't reach it. I guessed if I tried to get one of Mistresses' sunscreen, she'd just toss it in the yard like Mistress Gloria did with the hammer. After I was sunburned, I'd be real easy to torment. 

I think I'd been lying on the grass for maybe 30 minutes when Mistress Candy sat up and tossed me a towel, and said, "Get the sunscreen". I walked over to the sunscreen, lay down on the ground, and using the towel, was able to drag the sunscreen over to where I could reach it after a few minutes.

I shook the dirt out of the towel, walked back to the stake, and Mistress Candy commanded, "Give me the towel".

I brought the towel to Mistress Candy, and sat down by the stake to put the sunscreen on. With my wrists cuffed in front of me, I could only put the sunscreen on my legs, face, and chest. After I finished, I lay down on my back and waited. The cock sheath kept my cock hard and standing up like a flagpole.

A couple more hours passed, and the Mistresses were still sunning themselves. There was no shade anywhere near where I was staked, and wouldn't be for another few hours. The sunscreen had kept me from getting burned, but my perspiration was turning me pink and keeping me uncomfortable. The Mistresses had a towel to wipe themselves, but I didn't. Lying on the ground naked was no fun either. I tried to keep still, but the grass or insects kept me wiggling around. I was very thirsty. It was boring just lying there.

I thought about how I had gotten into this, but I really wasn't sorry. These women had more than fulfilled my submissive and bondage fantasies. I was starting to fall asleep when I heard Mistress Melissa speak. "Pull that stake out, and put the lounges away in the shed."
I stood up, and bent over to pull the stake out of the ground. It took a few minutes to get it started, and after another couple of minutes I had the stake out of the ground. I put the stake and the hammer away in the shed, and the lounges. When I got to the house, Mistress Harriet was waiting for me. She hosed me off, and said, "Wait till you dry before coming in the house".

I stood for a few minutes in the sun until I started to sweat, and I went into the house.

I walked into the house, and heard Mistress Melissa command; "It's time for dinner. Start making hot dogs." I went into the kitchen. I brought the plates to the table. I brought out the silverware and condiments next, and I boiled the water for the hot dogs. I didn't know how many to cook, so I decided to make six.

While the water was boiling, I looked in the refrigerator and cupboard for a side dish. I threw the hot dogs in the boiling water, and found some potato chips. I brought a bowl of potato chips out first, some soda, and the hot dogs. I stood by Mistress Harriet and watched them eat. When they finished eating, they got up. Mistress Harriet took a hot dog, put it in her pussy, and left the room with the other Mistresses. I cleared the table, unloaded the dishwasher, loaded, and started it. After I cleaned up the kitchen, I went into the living room. I was a little pink from being outside all afternoon, but I hadn't burned. 

Mistress Harriet was sitting in a chair by the door, while the other Mistresses were sitting on the sofa. They were laughing and enjoying a cigarette. When I was in front of the coffee table, Mistress Gloria commanded, "Kneel".

I knelt, and Mistress Gloria got up, walked over to me, picked up the chain, and locked it to the handle of a red wagon. She locked it so the handle was about a foot behind my ass. She put the rest of the chain in the wagon, and sat down in the wagon. She said, "Your dinner is across the room. Go get it."

Mistress Harriet was lounging in a chair across the room, her legs spread wide. I tried to crawl over to her, but I could not move the wagon. Mistress Gloria is a large woman, maybe 180 lbs. I could not pull that much weight with my cock. After a minute Mistress Gloria said, "Candy, get the whip".

Mistress Candy got up and left the room. She returned with the leather cat-o-nine tail whip, and handed it to Mistress Gloria. Mistress Gloria smacked my bottom with the whip, but I still couldn't move the wagon. After a couple of minutes she gave up and said, "Candy, you sit in the wagon". 

Mistress Gloria got up and Mistress Candy sat in the wagon. She is a lot smaller, maybe 120 lbs. She smacked my bottom with the whip, and I started pulling the wagon across the room. I was able to move a couple of inches at a time, before I had to rest my cock. It took a long time, but finally I was in front of Mistress Harriet. She'd been playing with herself the whole time I was dragging the wagon across the room. I licked her pussy juices, and Mistress Harriet squeezed. The hot dog came out, and I ate it. It was so drenched in pussy juice that I could hardly taste the meat. Her juice tasted extremely salty.

After I finished the hot dog, I sucked on her clit, and she had four orgasms before she pushed me away. Mistress Harriet got up, and Mistress Gloria sat in the chair. She pulled my head into her pussy, and I licked and sucked her to three orgasms before she pushed me away. Mistress Melissa was next, and then Mistress Candy. Her juice was surprisingly sweet, considering she'd been in the sun all afternoon. 

After Mistress Candy was finished with me, Mistress Melissa spoke. "We're going to untie you and let you go to the bathroom. You're going to help us bathe. When were done, take a shower. After that, we're going to tie you up again."

The Mistresses unlocked me from the wagon. I got up, walked into the bathroom, and sat down on the toilet. I needed to pee and shit badly. Mistress Melissa came into the bathroom with a glass. She filled it up in the sink, and handed it to me. I was very thirsty, and I drank it quickly. She filled it up again and I drank it. I drank six glasses of water before she put the glass down. 

Mistress Melissa opened the shower curtain. I stepped into the bathtub. She handcuffed my wrists behind my back to the towel rod on the back wall of the bathtub. I was bent forward a little. She locked the cock chain to a soap dish in the front of the shower. The chain made an arc in the middle of the bathtub. She sprayed some cold water on me. She left the room, and returned with a square plastic bathroom basket. She hooked the basket to the cock chain. She put soap in the basket. She put four bottles of shampoo, and two bottles of conditioner in. The weight was pulling hard on my cock. Mistress Melissa got in the bathtub, turned on the shower, and washed her hair. After she washed up, she turned the shower off, and let the bathtub fill up. She lay down in the tub and soaked for a while. I could see her breasts, but the basket blocked my view of her pussy. She let the water out of the tub, and got out. She dried herself, and left. 

Mistress Gloria came in next. She washed her hair and filled the tub. She lay down in the tub and soaked for a while. I wanted to pee, but not on Mistress Gloria. She let the water out of the tub, and got out. I thought about peeing while she was drying, but I didn't know what would happen if I did. 

Mistress Harriet came in, washed her hair, and soaked. While she was soaking she reached up and played with my cock. I wanted to pee badly. I tried to hold it, but I couldn't. I peed all over her. She didn't say a word. She got up, drained the tub, ran the shower again to rinse off, and got out. She dried herself and left.

Mistress Candy came in, washed her hair, took a quick shower, got out, dried herself, and left. After a few minutes all of the Mistresses came back into the bathroom. Mistress Melissa shouted at me. "What's this I hear about you peeing on Harriet? Is this true?" 

I meekly replied, "Yes Mistress Melissa, it's true. I peed on Mistress Harriet. I'm sorry Mistress Harriet." 

Mistress Melissa unhooked the basket from the chain, and put the basket, soap, shampoo, and conditioner away. I was relieved to get that weight off my cock. She unlocked me from the towel bar, and handcuffed my wrists together.

Mistress Melissa commanded, "Kneel".

I knelt down, and Mistress Harriet climbed into the tub. Mistress Harriet said, "Slave, I need to pee. Drink all of it, or you're in trouble." She pulled my mouth to her pussy and peed.

I tried to drink it all, but she was peeing too fast. Pee dripped from my mouth until she finished. She stepped out of the tub, and turned the stopper on. 

Mistress Melissa commanded, "Lie down". I sat down and stretched my legs out. After I was lying down, the other Mistresses peed on me from the side of the tub.

When they were finished, Mistress Melissa and Mistress Gloria sat down on the edge of the tub. When they were ready they slid back, holding on to Mistress Harriet and Mistress Candy, and shitted on me. I'd never seen anyone shit before. The shit was soft, not too smelly, and came out in little chunks. They stood up, and Mistress Candy handed them toilet paper. After wiping their asses, they each rubbed the messy toilet paper on my nose and mouth. As they were leaving, I heard Mistress Melissa say, "You stay there for a while."

Sometime later Mistress Candy came in and unlocked the handcuffs and the chain from the soap dish.

I stood up and turned on the shower. The pee ran down the drain, but the shit took a while. I drank some water from the shower, and before I was finished I peed again in the shower. I finished my shower, dried off, and went back into the bedroom.

I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Sit down on the bed".

I sat down, and I felt someone putting the leather blindfold on me. I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Lay down". 

I lay down, and felt myself being locked to the bed. I licked and sucked for what seemed like a long time. I was tired and not very aroused, although the leather sheath kept my cock hard. I felt someone putting a condom on, and I was fucked several times. The sheath kept the fucking from feeling pleasurable.

I felt someone unhook the blindfold. I looked up, blinked, and saw Mistress Candy and Mistress Harriet. Mistress Harriet peeled a banana, pushed it into her pussy, picked up a pair of panties, and put them on. She bent over me, kissed me, and left the room. 

Mistress Candy climbed on my lower chest and lit a cigarette. She smoked, and had me fish for the handcuff key in her pussy. When she tired of the game, she got up, turned off the light, and left the room. 

The room was bright when I woke up. My muscles were stiff and very sore. I knew it was Sunday, and wondered when they were going to let me leave. 

Mistress Harriet came into the room wearing just panties. "Good morning slave. Are you ready for breakfast?" 

"Yes Mistress Harriet, I am." 

Mistress Harriet pulled her panties off, and straddled my face. She pushed the banana into my mouth. After I finished eating, I licked her pussy and sucked her clit. After three orgasms, she fell forward to rest. 

Mistress Melissa was wearing the same red blouse, skirt, stockings, and shoes that I had first seen her in. Mistress Gloria and Mistress Candy were naked.

Mistress Melissa spoke. "Good. Time to go to the bathroom."

The Mistresses unlocked me from the bed. I took my time getting up. After a couple of minutes I walked slowly to the door. I walked into the bathroom and used the toilet. I stood up and took a couple of sips of water from the sink. I stretched my muscles for a while before I went back into the bedroom.

I walked into the bedroom, and heard Mistress Melissa command, "Put your arms out in front of you."

I did, and Mistress Candy locked the handcuffs to my wrists. Mistress Melissa continued, "It's breakfast time." 

I set the table, made breakfast, and watched them eat. After cleaning up the kitchen, I brought ice water out to the living room. I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Come over here and kneel".

I walked over and knelt down in front of her. 

"Turn around." 

I moved around so I was facing away from her. I felt my cock chain pull taut, and I felt a whip across my bottom. The chain kept me from falling forward or even moving. After ten lashes, she stopped. I waited, and I felt something moving slowly in and out of my ass. I was surprised, but the chain kept me from moving. It took me a minute before I realized that Mistress Melissa was fucking me in the ass with her heel.

I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Turn around, and lick the bottom of my shoe".

I turned around, and she had her legs crossed, and her right leg was out. I licked the sole. Lucky for me she hadn't ever wore these shoes outside. The sole was dusty, but not dirty. I licked the sole for a few minutes, and I heard, "Suck on the heel".

I suspected that the heel had been in my ass, but I sucked on it anyway. I didn't taste anything but dust. I was still sucking on her heel when she pulled it out of my mouth, and recrossed her legs. I licked the bottom of her left shoe, and as she commanded, sucked on the heel. I didn't taste anything but dust.

I was still sucking when I heard Mistress Gloria's say, "Slave, we're going in the backyard to get some sun."

I followed the Mistresses into the back yard. I heard Mistress Gloria command, "Get the loungers."

I got the loungers from the shed, and brought them out into the yard. I set them up in a row, facing the sun.

"Now go get two cinder construction blocks."

I went back into the shed, looked around, and found the cinder blocks. With my wrists handcuffed together, I could barely carry the ten-pound blocks into the yard. When I returned, the other Mistresses had come out into the yard, and they were lying on the loungers. 

I put sunscreen on Mistress Melissa, Mistress Gloria, and Mistress Harriet. I was about to put sunscreen on Mistress Candy when Mistress Gloria commanded, "Come here".

I walked over and stood next to Mistress Gloria.

Mistress Gloria continued, "Slave, we agreed yesterday to torture you while we were sunning. We put the sunscreen where you couldn't get it just to tease you. We were curious if you would just lie there in front of us and burn. Candy chickened out, and helped you get the sunscreen. I think she likes you. Now you're going to help us punish her. Here is some rope. Tie Candy to the lounger, and come back."

I walked over to Mistress Candy. She looked a little afraid, but she spread her wrists and ankles. I tied her wrists and ankles to the corners of the lounge. When I was done, I returned to Mistress Gloria. 

Mistress Gloria handed me a small padlock, and commanded, "Wrap your chain through the two cinder blocks, and lock it."

I walked over to the blocks, put them side by side, knelt down, wrapped the end of the chain through one of the holes of the blocks, locked it, and stood up. The chain was just long enough so that I could stand up by the blocks.

I looked at Mistress Gloria as she spoke. "Very good slave. You make me so horny when you obey me quickly." She lit a cigarette, took a drag, and spoke again. "Candy doesn't have any sunscreen on. It's a bright sunny afternoon. She doesn't have much of a tan, and her boobs and pussy are going to get very uncomfortable soon. She's counting on you to get her sunscreen, bring it back, and put it on. Turn around. Do you see the yellow plastic bucket in the back of the yard?"

I turned around, looked, and saw the yellow plastic bucket. It was in the back of the yard about forty feet away. "Yes Mistress Gloria, I see the bucket."

Mistress Gloria continued, "Good. Her sunscreen, some ice water, a towel, and cigarettes are in the bucket. You will get on your hands and knees, and crawl over there. Pick up the bucket with your teeth, and crawl back to Candy. Be careful; don't spill the water on the towel or cigarettes. When you get back, put the sunscreen on Candy, and obey her commands, except to untie her. When she doesn't need you, you will stay down on your hands and knees by her lounger. Now go." 

I got on my hands and knees and crawled towards the bucket. I got the chain taut, and pulled the blocks with my cock. I could only move them an inch or two, before my cock would hurt. I had to let my cock rest a bit before I tried again. It took about a minute to move them a foot. The blocks would catch in the grass, or in the dirt. I kept crawling, and I had no idea whether or not the Mistresses were watching me. I didn't want to stop and look. I could feel the heat on my back as I made my way across the yard.

After a long slow crawl, I was in front of the bucket. I looked inside, and saw the sunscreen, water, towel, cigarettes, and lighter. It looked like the towel would keep everything else from moving around in the bucket. I picked up the bucket with my teeth, and turned around. The crawl back was just as agonizing. I was more careful crawling with the bucket.

I was heading toward the Mistresses now, but I still had no idea whether or not they were watching me. I kept my head down and watched the bucket. I was pouring sweat, and I felt my back burning. I might have quit crawling but Mistress Candy needed her sunscreen. I almost bumped my head on the lounger before I looked up and saw I had crawled back to Mistress Candy.

When I stood up, I could see that she was drenched with sweat. I daubed her with the towel, hoping that she wasn't too burned. I put sunscreen on her, and got on my hands and knees.

"Water", I heard Mistress Candy whisper.

I picked up the water from the bucket, and held it in front of her as she sipped water through the straw. She stopped sipping, and as I was putting the glass down, I heard her say, "Cigarette". I got her a cigarette, lit it, and stood there. She took a couple of puffs, and I took the cigarette out of her mouth. I helped her smoke the cigarette, and I got back on my hands and knees.

Mistress Candy asked for water a couple more times, and one other cigarette. Other than that, I was on my hands and knees. My back hurt, but yet I stayed on my knees between Mistress Candy and Mistress Harriet. I wasn't sure why I was doing this to myself, although I was stuck now. I couldn't get up and run away with my cock chained to blocks. I had to admit to myself that having three women torture me was arousing. Even kneeling in the sun pouring sweat my back and bottom sunburned I was aroused.

I was picturing myself later that evening, back inside, having to satisfy my Mistresses most depraved desires just to get a little bit of sunburn cream. I was lost in my thoughts, when I heard the Mistresses get up. I heard Mistress Gloria command, "Get up and untie Candy."

I got up and untied Mistress Candy. She lay there and stretched her arms and legs for a minute, and got up. Mistress Gloria walked behind me, and smacked my bottom with her palm. I screamed, and tears ran down my eyes. She walked in front of me, lit a cigarette, and took a drag. She remarked, "You're back and bottom are nice and red. But I want to torture you even more. Put the blocks edge to edge."

I bent down, and turned the blocks so that their edges were touching. I stood up and looked at Mistress Gloria. "Good. Now kneel down on the ground, and put your ankles through the outside holes. Lay on the ground face down, with your arms out in front of you."

I knelt down, and wiggled my ankles through the holes in the blocks. It took a couple of minutes, as I had to point my feet and twist my legs just to get them through the holes, and I didn't want to scrape my feet and ankles on the blocks. After I got my feet through the blocks, I lay down, and put my arms out in front of me.

Mistress Harriet and Mistress Melissa pulled my arms to make sure I was taut. Mistress Harriet hammered the tent stake through the handcuff chain. I turned my head to the left, so that I would be more comfortable. When the hammering stopped, Mistress Gloria knelt down by my side. She put her finger in her pussy, and in my mouth. "See how wet you make me. We'll be back later." She ran her fingernails down my back. It was all I could do to keep from screaming again. As I calmed down, I watched the Mistress walk back into the house. 

I lay there, wondering what was next. I had no doubt that they would leave me out in the yard all afternoon. I hoped I wouldn't blister too much. Yet, I was still aroused. At least in this position I could try to take a nap. I went back to thinking about later that evening, back inside, having to satisfy my Mistresses most perverted and disgusting desires just to earn a little bit of sunburn cream, and I fell asleep. 

When I woke up, the sun was lower in the sky. My arms, back, bottom, and legs all hurt. I heard the back door open, and I saw Mistress Gloria come out the house. She was naked, and carrying the cat-o-nine tails whip. She came over to where I was, put a towel on the ground, and sat on it next to me. She got a cigarette, lit it, and took a puff. As much as I hurt, I still got aroused watching her smoke naked.

Mistress Gloria looked down at me. "Your back and bottom have blistered, and your arms and legs are burned. If I whipped you, I'd probably make your back bleed without much effort. I'm curious, why have you let us torture you so much." She put her hands under her breasts and lifted them up. "Is looking at my boobs and pussy worth this much pain to you?"

I thought for a minute before answering. "Mistress Gloria, you are beautiful. Yes, just looking at and serving your lovely body is worth the pain. I have a desire to serve beautiful women. I want to see what I can endure, how much pain I can stand. Being able to look at lovely ladies help makes the suffering more pleasurable. I get aroused just thinking about what you have done to me."
Mistress Gloria blushed. "Thanks for the compliments. You make me feel beautiful and powerful. I also have deep desires as well. The others are happy teasing you and using you as a sex slave. I want more than that. When I torture a man, make him suffer, I get very wet. I had three orgasms this afternoon just fingering my pussy while watching you crawl across the yard, dragging the blocks with your cock. Tell you what, if you can give me three new good torture ideas, I won't whip you." 

"I'll try Mistress Gloria, although I'm sure I don't have your experience." I thought for a minute while she smoked. She had been torturing me all afternoon, and now I was going to help her torture me more. "I suppose you could burn me with your cigarette."

"Hmmm". She took a puff on the cigarette, and moved it to my arm under my face. She moved the cigarette to within an inch of my arm, and pulled it away. "I've thought of that. It doesn't appeal to me that much."

"How about having me stick out my tongue, and you put your cigarette out on it?" Damn, why did I say that? Would I really want her to do that?

"Now that's a little more interesting. I'll consider it."

"You could put my cock in a vise, and slowly tighten the vise. Maybe in combination with my eating your pussy, in sort of a torture 69 position."

"That's interesting. Do you know what I can use as a vise?"

"You could probably find some sort of pipe vise at a hardware store." 

"I'll think about that one."

"I saw this in a movie, although I'm not sure it can really be done. A woman tied a naked man to a chair facing a bed. She put this electronic gadget on the bed, and plugged it into the wall. She clipped wires from the box to his nipples and cock. Other wires from the box were attached to a vibrator. The woman took off her clothes and lay down on the bed and used the vibrator to masturbate. She could look up and see him, and he could watch her masturbate. As she masturbated, the box would shock the man. The longer she masturbated, the more shocks the man received. The faster the speed of the vibrator, the quicker the shocks came. The wetter she got, the more forceful the shocks."

"Damn, that's a wonderful scene. I gushed just imagining it. That would be such a perfect torture. I wonder who could make a box like that? Do you have any other ideas like that?" 

"No, Mistress Gloria, I'm afraid that was my last idea. I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. Those were good ideas. Now stick out your tongue." I stuck out my tongue, and Mistress Gloria put her cigarette out on it. It stung for a few seconds, and then the pain dulled some. She let the cigarette fall to the ground. She stuffed a panty into my mouth, and put a leather gag over it. "We can't be disturbing the neighbors now, can we?"

Mistress Gloria picked up the whip, and smacked my legs. I'm glad I had the panties to bite down on, and the gag, or I would have screamed. The pain was intense, and became more so when she whipped my bottom and back. I thought I was going to pass out when she stopped. She lit another cigarette, took a puff, and ungagged me. She tossed the padlock key on the ground in front of me. "Okay, get yourself up, and put away the loungers."

Get myself up? I pointed my right foot and tried to pull my ankle out of the block. I had to twist my body a good bit, but I was able to get my ankle out. With my right ankle out, it was a little easier to get the left ankle out of the block. I tried to get up on my knees, but the chain attached to my cock and the blocks kept me from doing so. I pulled on my arms for a few minutes, and although I wasn't able to budge the stake, I was able to move the blocks enough that I could get up on my knees. Now I could pull the blocks with my cock like I did before, and after a few more minutes, I was on my hands and knees over the stake. I pulled it up out of the ground, got the padlock key, and unlocked the chain from the blocks. I gave Mistress Gloria the key and the padlock, and I put away the hammer, stake, blocks, and loungers. I followed Mistress Gloria back to the house, where she hosed me off and told me to wait about ten minutes before coming inside. The water stung when it hit my back and bottom. 


The Mistresses were in the living room talking and laughing, but they stopped when they heard me come in the room. They were sitting on the sofa, wearing tee shirts and shorts. Mistress Gloria locked my cock chain to the television stand, and left the room for a few minutes. When she came back, she grabbed the hair on the back of my head, made me look at shirt she was wearing, and said, "You've been staring at our boobs, haven't you."

"Yes Mistress Gloria, I have."

"Apologize to us." She moved my head so that I was looking at the Mistresses sitting on the sofa. They were watching everything Mistress Gloria was doing.

"I'm sorry that I've been staring at your naked bodies."

"You've been staring at us all weekend. We're tired of it, and we're going to punish you for being so bad." 

Mistress Gloria unlocked the handcuffs, and locked them with my wrists behind my back. She showed me a pair of clothespins tied together with an eighteen-inch length of string. As she clamped a clothespin to each of my nipples, she commented, "I'm going to hurt your nipples to punish you for staring at our boobs."

My nipples stung as the clothespins were clamped. She wrapped the string attached to the clothespins around her finger, and tugged on the string. "Apologize again."

"I'm sorry I've been staring at your bodies all day."

She took a drag of her cigarette, and tugged on the string again. Again I apologized to the Mistresses. She tugged and I apologized until she finished her cigarette. She commanded, "Stick out your tongue."

I stuck out my tongue, and I watched her as she put her cigarette out on my tongue. I heard gasps from the other Mistresses. She was standing a little to the side so that they could see what she was doing. She commanded, "Swallow it."

I pulled my tongue back in my mouth. It took a while to swallow the cigarette butt, because I was thirsty. It tasted very bitter. Thank goodness it wasn't a filtered cigarette. When I finished swallowing she commanded, "Kneel", and went over and sat down on the sofa with the other Mistresses.

I knelt down and watched the Mistresses lounge on the sofa. After a few minutes the pain in my nipples dulled. Mistress Melissa commented, "Look how hard his cock is! The more we hurt him, the harder he gets!" 

Mistress Candy got up and left the room, and brought back four beers. She made several trips, bringing back potato chips, popcorn, candy, and other snacks. I knelt there and watched the Mistresses eat, drink, smoke, and watch TV for a couple of hours. I could hear the TV programs, but I couldn't see them. I wished the Mistresses were still naked. My body was in constant pain, and I wondered how badly burned my back and bottom was. Mistress Candy would get up every so often and return with more beers. Watching them eat and drink reminded me how thirsty and hungry I was. I'm not sure what was worse, the hunger, the pain, or being ignored. I don't know if the Mistresses looked at me at all. 

Mistress Harriet got up, and unlocked me from the television stand. She commanded, "Get up and follow me."

I got up and followed Mistress Harriet into the dining room. She pulled out a chair, and said, "Kneel down by my side."

I knelt down and waited.

Mistress Harriet took off her shorts, went into the kitchen, and brought out a bowl of chips and a glass of ice water. She put them on the table, and went back in the kitchen. She came out with her cigarettes, lighter, and an ashtray. She put them on the table, and sat down. She lit a cigarette, took a couple of puffs, and put the cigarette down. She ran her hand through my hair, and said, "I'll bet you're thirsty. Would you like something to drink?"

I replied, "Yes Mistress Harriet, I would."

Mistress Harriet slid the chair out from the table, turned it so she was facing me, and picked up the ice water from the table. She pressed the side of the glass against my forehead. It felt very cold, and it made my forehead feel a lot better. She moved the glass towards my lips, and stopped when I opened my mouth. "Close your mouth. I'll tell you when you can drink."

I closed my mouth, and she rubbed the glass against my face and chest. She pulled the glass to her lips, took a big sip of water, and put the glass down on the table. She opened up her legs, and pulled me into her pussy. "Drink here, slave."

Mistress Harriet was very wet, and it took a few licks to clean up her pussy juices. I started to suck on her clit, and she pushed me away. "Not now, slave. Are you hungry?"

"Yes Mistress, I am", I answered.

Mistress Harriet took a few puffs of her cigarette, and she picked up the bowl of corn chips. She took one, dipped it into her pussy for a few seconds, and fed it to me. She fed me about a dozen corn chips with pussy dip. She put the bowl down, and finished her cigarette.

My mouth was really dry now, with the chips and salty dip. She fed me another dozen corn chips with pussy dip, put the bowl down, and lit another cigarette. She wrapped the string attached to the clothespins around her finger, and tugged on the string while she smoked the cigarette. 

As Mistress Harriet finished her cigarette, Mistress Gloria walked in the dining room. She had taken off her clothes, and was naked again. I heard her command, "Stand up slave". Mistress Harriet let go of the string, and I stood up. Mistress Gloria walked behind me, put her arms around me, and rubbed her nipples against my back. They were hard, and it felt like she was scratching my back with her nipples. It wasn't painful, but it was uncomfortable. I heard her moan, "Ooooh. My nipples are getting very hard rubbing against your rough back." After a couple of minutes she stopped rubbing and walked out the room. "Follow me, slave", she commanded. 

I followed Mistress Gloria into the living room. The other Mistresses had left, and the coffee table had been moved to the side of the room. She unlocked the handcuffs from behind my back, pointed to the sofa, and commanded, "Get on your hands and knees". I got down on my hands and knees in front of the sofa. I felt someone sit down on my back. My back stung, and after a couple of minutes my knees hurt. I heard Mistress Harriet say, "Gloria, you were right. His back feels so warm against my pussy."

I felt her get up, and my back and knees felt better. I felt someone else sit down on my back, and I could tell from the increase in weight that it was Mistress Gloria. My back stung, and my knees hurt worse. She sat on my back for several minutes, and just as I thought I was going to collapse she got up. I heard the TV come on, and Mistress Gloria and Mistress Harriet sat down on the sofa, and used my back as an ottoman while they watched a show. Every time they moved their feet it hurt. 

Mistress Melissa and Mistress Candy came back into the living room. Mistress Melissa spoke. "Get up. We're going to let you go to the bathroom. After that, go to the bedroom."

Mistress Gloria took the clothespins off my nipples, and the blood rushing to my nipples was so painful that I almost fell over. I went to the bathroom. Mistress Melissa gave me eight glasses of water before she put the glass down. I took a long shower, and made sure I peed before I was finished. When I opened the shower curtain, Mistress Candy was waiting for me. She helped me to dry off, and she applied a sunburn cream to my body. We went back into the bedroom.

I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Sit down on the bed".

I sat down and someone blindfolded me.

I heard Mistress Melissa command, "Lay down".

I lay down, and was locked to the bed. I heard the Mistresses leave. My back and bottom still hurt a lot. I wondered if they were planning on letting me go. It was already Sunday night. 

A lot of time passed when someone unlatching the blindfold startled me. I looked up, blinked, and saw Mistress Candy. She was dressed in a tee shirt and shorts. I looked around the room, and it was still dark. "Shhh. Don't say a word. I'm going to untie you. We've got to get out of here."

Mistress Candy unlocked me from the bed, and my clothes were on the dresser. While I got dressed, she opened the window, and looked around. After I finished getting dressed, I checked my pockets, and got my wallet out. My license and credit card was there. I walked over to the window, and looked around. It was at least twelve feet to the ground, and I didn't want to jump. I went over to the bed, pulled the bed sheet off, and tied the end of the sheet to the dresser. I threw the sheet out the window, and the bottom was about eight feet from the ground.

"Candy, climb out the window using the sheet. When you get to the bottom, let go, and you'll only have to fall a few feet."

Candy climbed out the window, but she couldn't hold on to the sheet. She fell about six feet, but she didn't make a sound. I hurried out the window, climbed down the sheet, and dropped to the ground. I knelt by her side. She was stunned, but she wasn't hurt. I picked her up, and carried her out of the back yard and over to my car. I was glad my car was still there, and that it hadn't been moved or stolen. I put Candy in the passenger seat, got in the driver's seat, started the car, and took off. Candy spoke first, "I'm so glad we got out of there. Are you all right? Can you take me home?" 

"Yes Candy, I'm OK. The sunburn will heal. I thought we were at your house? Where do you live?" Candy told me, and it wasn't too far away. "How are you doing? Did you get sunburned?"

"Yes, I did. I hadn't sunned naked before yesterday, and my boobs got way too much sun. That's why I wanted to get out of there. I didn't think Gloria and Harriet would ever let us go. I missed two days of work. Those bitches. I'm sorry that I got you into this. Melissa had asked me to set this up with you. We had talked about some of the things you told us at the lounge, and she was anxious to do these things with you. I thought I could trust Melissa. She just wanted to tease you, but when she invited Harriet and Gloria over, everything changed. They took over everything. They wanted to torture you. Melissa went along, but I didn't like seeing you tortured at all. When they tortured me, they went way too far."

Candy didn't say anything else until we got to her place. She leaned over, kissed me, and said, "Thanks for the ride. Hope I'll see you later."

I drove home. I got home at about 4:30 Monday morning. I called work and left a message saying I was sick. I tried to sleep, but woke up about 9:30. I went to the drugstore to get some sunburn cream. When I got home I put some on. I lay down on my bed and played with myself, thinking of my Mistresses. I hoped that someday I'd run into Gloria and Harriet again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





