BDSM Library - The Transformation




The Transformation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Losing my wife, gaining a masturbatrix.






My wife Selene watched silently as I took off my clothes. After putting my clothes in the hamper, I turned around. Selene came over to me and locked my leather wrist restraints together behind my back. I walked to the corner of the bedroom and turned around to face her.

Selene came over to me and unlocked the stainless steel cock cage she'd locked on my cock the weekend before. She fondled my glad to be freed, stiffening cock for about a minute. Grinning, she peeled off her clothes. She's approaching 45, but still looked good naked. My cock twitched a little as she went into the bathroom to take a shower.

Selene had invited her boyfriend, Peter, over for the night. This wasn't the first time he'd come over to spend the night. I'd heard them make love many times, but I'd never seen him. I'd never seen them together, either.

While Selene was in the shower, I thought about how we got to this point in our marriage.

I met Selene 22 years ago. I'd called up an old girlfriend, Tammy, who lived in New Orleans, and asked her if I could join her for Mardi Gras. She said sure, but she'd already invited a girlfriend of hers to join her. I could come along if I didn't mind spending the day with two women. Grinning, I told her sure.

I met Tammy and her friend Mardi Gras morning, at a diner up Canal Street. Tammy and I caught up with each other, while her friend sat quietly. I didn't want to ignore her, but neither Tammy nor her told me her name.

After we finished breakfast, we caught a bus to the parade route. As I followed the ladies on the bus, the shy woman commented, "The fare is 60 cents. I hope you can count that high."

I frowned, and didn't say anything. I sat with Tammy on the bus, and the shy woman sat behind us.

The bus took us to within a mile of the parade route. We got out of the bus and walked. We walked all the way down Canal Street and about a mile along St. Charles Avenue until we found a place we liked to watch the parade. Once we quit walking, the shy woman came over to me and said, "Hi, I'm Selene. I'm sorry about the bus fare comment."

I replied, "Hi, I'm Robert. That's ok. So tell me about yourself."

Selene told me about her college nursing classes, and about her less than happy home life. I told her about the company I worked for, and how I knew Tammy. I was attracted to Selene, and by the time the parade ended it was obvious to Tammy that she was the third wheel. While we were walking back to the bus stop, Tammy told Selene all of the kinky and nasty things she knew about me, thinking that might dissuade Selene from her attraction. Selene just smiled.

When we got on the bus, Selene and I sat together, with Tammy sitting in the seat behind us. Tammy was still annoyed that I had mostly ignored her, but Selene and I didn't care. After we dropped Tammy off at her apartment, Selene and I went out to dinner. After dinner, we drove to a quiet spot along Lake Pontchartrain to watch the submarine races. In between the races, we hugged and kissed like there was no tomorrow.

I stayed in New Orleans an extra couple of days. Selene and I spent all the time together we could. After I returned to Houston, Selene and I talked on the phone as often as I could afford. After Selene finished her semester at the University of New Orleans, she moved in with me. Six months afterwards, we were married in a simple ceremony in a suburb of New Orleans with family and friends as guests.

Selene wanted sex a lot more than I did. Her desire really wasn't a problem for a long time. When we fucked, she would either ride on top of me in a cowgirl position, or she would get on her hands and knees and I would take her from behind. I preferred the cowgirl position, both because I didn't have to do much, and because I could squeeze her breasts and play with her nipples while she was fucking. I think she preferred being on her hands and knees, because she could collapse on the bed, rather than on top of me, after she was satiated.

When I wasn't in the mood for fucking, I would lie on my back, and Selene would straddle my face, holding on to the headboard. She would stay there until she was satisfied. Her body would convulse with pleasure when she had an orgasm, but she usually wanted me to continue nibbling on her clit. Most times she had 2 or 3 orgasms and collapsed tired and satisfied on the bed.

Selene took an interest in the kinky things Tammy told her. Every other weekend, we would take turns topping each other. Selene liked being tied up and having clothespins put on her nipples. She also liked being spanked with a ping-pong paddle and a belt.

I liked her to do things to me or in front of me while I was restrained. We didn't have the Internet back then, and we had to come up with all our own ideas. Selene is an intelligent woman and she came up with quite a few things to do to me while I was restrained. My favorite activity was her restraining me to the bed, teasingly masturbating me, and not letting me cum for hours.

Selene could feel through her fingertips when I was about to cum, so she knew when to take her hand away. She was nonchalant about stopping, usually saying she had to stretch her fingers or wanted a glass of water. After some practice, she got very good at teasingly masturbating me.

Our topping each other continued throughout the years of our marriage.

We were happy together for a long time.

About a year ago, I started having trouble getting and maintaining an erection. At first, Selene was sympathetic. Whenever I couldn't get it up, she would ride my face, or lie down on the bed and have me masturbate her with my finger.

While Selene used a vibrator whenever she felt like masturbating, I noticed that she was masturbating more and more.

This went on for a couple of months. One evening, when we were lying in bed together, Selene asked me, "Would you mind if I had a boyfriend?"

I was surprised but not shocked. I felt that Selene's increased masturbation wasn't going to satisfy her forever. Still, I wasn't expecting her to be so open. Or to ask me.

Feeling a little feisty, I answered, "What if I say no?"

Selene sighed. "I'd try to be faithful to you, but I really miss cock. I don't want to think about it too much, but I suppose eventually I'd either have an affair or divorce you."

Now that was a surprise. Selene's choice wasn't much of a choice, but I felt she was being sincere and honest, both about wanting to be faithful and about an affair. I was quiet for a while, with Selene lying against me on the bed. Finally, I gave her my answer.

"Yes, I would mind, and yes, you can have a boyfriend."

Selene grinned. "Thank you." She kissed me, and straddled my thighs and masturbated me to a pleasant orgasm. 

I didn't think too much about our conversation, until one evening a couple of months later. I came home from work, and I couldn't find Selene at first. I looked all over the house, and found her in the bedroom getting ready to go out.

"Hi," I said, coming up behind Selene and kissing her on the neck. "Where are we going?"

Selene smiled. "You're not going anywhere. I have a date tonight."

The memory of Selene's boyfriend conversation came back to me. "Oh. I see." I wondered if I should ask her about her date or not?

Selene decided for me. She stood up, kissed me, and left.

I made myself dinner, and played on the computer until bedtime. I didn't want to wait up for Selene, but I lay in bed wondering about her date. Was it going well? Did I want it to go well? I was tired from work and thinking about her, and I fell asleep before she came home.

After that first date, Selene went out 2 or 3 times a week. I got accustomed to making my own dinner, and spending part of the weekend by myself. I asked her one night about her date, and she answered, "Do you really want to know?"

I was curious about her dates, but I didn't really want to know the details. "No."

Selene smiled. "That's what I thought." She kissed me on the cheek. "I love you, and I'm getting what I need from them and from you."

I was happy that Selene was satisfied, and as time passed, I grew more comfortable with her dating.

The sound of the water turning off snapped me back to the present.

Selene came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her head. She had nice brown shoulder-length mostly straight hair. She sat down at the makeup table and put on foundation and rouge. 

My mind wandered again.

After Selene got involved with Peter, her topping sessions with me came more frequently. She would insist on my eating her pussy whenever she wanted it, and she would chain me to the bed and teasingly masturbate me.

I enjoyed her topping me, but she wasn't asking me to top her anymore. One Saturday, I asked her if I could top her. She was quiet for a while before she replied, "No. Since I've met Peter, I really enjoy acting like your bitch top now."

Yep. Selene enjoys acting like my bitch top now. She enjoys having me watch her get ready for Peter.

Selene got up from her dressing table. For the time she spent applying makeup, she looked like she hardly had any makeup on at all.

Selene went into the closet and came out with a negligee. After she put it on, I realized she wasn't wearing a bra or panties. While I imagined that her clothes came off soon after Peter's arrival, this was the first time I remembered her not wearing a bra and panties. The sheer negligee didn't leave anything to my imagination.

Selene walked over to the nightstand, and lit a cigarette. My cock twitched at the vision of her lighting her cigarette.

When we first met, I told Selene that watching a topless or naked woman smoke aroused me. She took that comment to heart, and practiced smoking when I was at work. She would smoke for me on occasion in the bedroom, but she wouldn't inhale. The smoke was too strong for me to endure for long, but I enjoyed the image of her smoking as she masturbated me.

After about a year of smoking for me, she gave it up. I was disappointed that I didn't get to see her smoke anymore, but since she didn't really smoke, I couldn't blame her for stopping. I appreciated and remembered the times Selene smoked to please me. 

I hadn't thought much about Selene smoking until recently.

About two months ago, after she'd been seeing Peter for a while, Selene started smoking. This time, she inhaled. One morning, she lit a cigarette while she had me restrained to the bed. While she was teasingly stroking my cock, I asked her why she'd started smoking.

Selene smiled and answered, "Because I know you get aroused watching me smoke. I really enjoy acting like your bitch."

Since I wanted Selene to eventually let me cum, I let the matter drop. I assumed that Peter smoked, or he was turned on watching Selene smoke. Maybe both.

Standing restrained in the corner of the bedroom watching Selene smoke in her negligee aroused me. She mostly ignored me. I suppose anything she did would have aroused me after spending a week locked in a cock cage.

The cock cage was quite a surprise.

A couple of weeks ago, Selene restrained me to the bed, and teasingly masturbated me. After a couple of hours of teasing, she asked me if I wanted to cum.

"Yes," I replied.

Selene got up from the bed, and went over to the dresser. She came back, and showed me a stainless steel cock cage. She let the ring and cage dangle from her finger for a while before she spoke.

"After you cum, I'm locking this on. I really enjoy acting like your bitch, and this will make teasing you so much easier for me."

No discussion, no questions. Before I had much of a chance to think about it, she lit a cigarette and lay down next to me. She had me suck on her nipple while she blew cigarette smoke in my face. After she finished her cigarette, she let me cum, cleaned me up, and locked the cock cage on my cock.

It took me a couple of weeks to get comfortable in the cock cage. I figured out how to pee without making a mess, and most of the time my cock was relaxed and I was fine.

However, when Selene and I were intimate, or I was eating her pussy, I was well aware of the cock cage keeping me from getting hard. It wasn't painful, just frustrating at times. As Selene said, the cock cage made her teasing me so much easier for her.

I smiled at my thoughts, and paid more attention to Selene smoking in her negligee.

After Selene finished her cigarette, she left the bedroom. I assume she went to the kitchen to check on dinner for her and Peter. 

I was excited thinking about how much power Selene was assuming over my life. Years ago, I'd told her about my fantasies, including the cock cage. Before she met Peter, she wasn't interested in acting out any of my fantasies.

Now that she was seeing Peter, Selene was acting out more of my fantasies. When I asked Selene about why she was dominating me so much, she would smile and answer, "I really enjoy acting like your bitch."

A few minutes later, Selene came back into the bedroom. She took the towel off her head, tossed it in the hamper, and sat down at her dressing table to brush her hair.

My cock twitched.

After Selene finished brushing her hair, she came over to me. She grabbed my cock and pulled, which meant I was to follow her.

We were going to the basement.

I followed Selene down into the living room and down the stairs into the basement. We'd done this several times before, so I knew what to expect. She was locking me in the basement so Peter and her would have the whole house to themselves.

A few days before the first time Peter came over, Selene told me that while Peter was her guest in our house, she was locking me in the basement. She told me I could decide how I wanted to spend the time locked in the basement, as long as my wrists were locked behind my back.

I thought Selene's statement was curious. She could lock the basement door if she wished. "Why do you want to restrain my wrists?"

Selene laughed. "While Peter's fucking me, I want to know that you can't even touch yourself. I really enjoy acting like your bitch."

So I went to Home Depot, and returned with an air mattress, some chains, and a baby monitor. Selene asked me to get the baby monitor, and I thought it was because she wanted to monitor me. After all, I was probably going to be restrained in the basement for 14 to 16 hours. I was touched by her concern.

We went down to the basement, and Selene watched while I bolted a chain to the corner of the basement, and put the air mattress, a sheet and a blanket, and a pillow down where I could lay down. I cut the top off of a 2-liter bottle of soda, and put it near the air mattress in case I had to go to the bathroom while I was restrained.

Selene looked happy at what I did. She told me that before Peter came over, she would lock my wrists behind my back, have me stand in the corner of the bedroom, and watch her get ready. Before Peter arrived, she would bring me to the basement and lock my ankle to the chain bolted to the wall. I would remain in the basement while she and Peter did what they wanted in the house. After Peter left, she would come down to the basement and unlock me.

Selene's idea seemed pretty reasonable, especially since she'd be monitoring me. She put the baby monitor on a shelf close to where I'd be lying, and we went back upstairs.

When Peter came over that first night, everything went as Selene said. After she locked the leather ankle restraint to the chain bolted to the basement wall, Selene turned on the baby monitor, and went upstairs. 

I was relaxing on the air mattress, when I heard Selene on the baby monitor. I heard a deep voice answer, and I assumed that was Peter. It dawned on me that she'd left the receiver in the basement, and took the monitor with her.

I realized I was going to hear every word of their conversation, whether I wanted to or not. Even if my wrists weren't bound behind my back, I couldn't reach the receiver to turn it off.

A couple of minutes later, I heard Selene telling Peter about locking me in the basement, and the monitor. At that point, I was pretty sure I was going to hear everything they did.

Peter and Selene had dinner. I guess the monitor was on the dining room table, as I heard everything they talked about. Afterwards, they went into the living room, and had some wine. After that, they went upstairs and had sex. It sounded like the monitor was on the bed with them. 

The sounds of Peter and Selene fucking were somewhat exciting, although with my wrists bound behind my back, there wasn't much I could do about it. I thought about Selene thinking about me lying on the basement floor, unable to touch my cock, while Peter fucked her senseless.

Later, their bedroom talk held my interest. It was a lot like the talk Selene and I used to have after sex. Hearing them talk caused me to realize that Selene and I hadn't spoken like that since the last time we fucked. It saddened me to realize that we weren't going to have bedroom talk ever again. Finally, sometime after they had stopped talking, I fell asleep.

I woke up to the sounds of Peter and Selene having sex. Afterwards, I heard the shower running, and later, the sounds of them having breakfast together. I could move my legs some, but my arms were stiff and sore from being locked in one position for so long.

Finally, I heard Peter leaving. After that, I heard static. Selene must have turned the monitor off. After a while, she came down to the basement. She was naked. She looked at me lying on the floor for a moment. She turned off the monitor, took the keys from a hook on the wall, and unlocked my ankle. She led me upstairs to the bedroom, unlocked my wrists, and locked me to the bed. The same bed that Selene had been fucking in just a few hours ago.

I could still smell her scent from the sheets, and the smell of her scent aroused me. She teasingly masturbated me for a couple of hours. She had a couple of cigarettes, but she didn't have to say or do anything else other than lightly stroke my cock. The thought of her and Peter fucking kept me hard until she allowed me to cum.

After Selene cleaned me up, and wiped her hands, she cooed, "So, I see you enjoyed being locked up while Peter and I fucked."

I smiled and said, "Yes I did. The baby monitor was a nasty surprise, though."

Selene looked surprised. "What do you mean? I told you to get a baby monitor."

I explained what I thought Selene wanted the baby monitor for.

Selene laughed for a couple of minutes. After she calmed down, she apologized. "I'm sorry. I understand why you thought I'd be monitoring you. Yes, I was concerned about locking you in the basement all night, but I felt that since I was in the house the whole time, I could unlock you if there was an emergency."

Selene massaged my arms. "However, pain and suffering are not emergencies. I really enjoy acting like your bitch. You have no idea how much it turned me on while Peter was here, thinking of you locked in the basement, listening to us." 

Actually I had some idea. It'd been a long time since I'd seen Selene so serene. I'm sure that Peter took very good care of Selene and her need for cock.

Slipping on the bottom step brought me out of my thoughts. Selene caught me, and kept me from falling. She led me over to the corner of the basement, and locked my ankle to the chain bolted to the basement wall.

Selene walked away, and I thought she was leaving. She stopped, took something from the laundry cabinet, and came back to me. When she opened up her hand I saw a Kali's teeth cock cage.

A Kali's teeth cock cage is a metal cylinder with spikes on the inside. Once locked on a cock, it's painful for the man if he gets an erection. I knew that the spikes would be digging into my cock many times during the night while Selene was enjoying herself. I knew that her thinking about my pain and suffering while fucking Peter would arouse her even more. Selene locked the Kali's teeth cock cage on my cock. She got a cigarette and stood in front of me, smoking. I winced a couple of times from the pressure of the spikes while I watched her enjoy her cigarette in her negligee.

Selene put the cigarette out. She looked at me, and said, "I see the spiky cock cage works as advertised. I hope listening to us fuck won't be too painful for you." She kissed me, looked into my face, and said, "I really enjoy being your bitch."

As I watched Selene turn on the baby monitor and walk upstairs, I wondered what future torments she had in mind for me. I was glad to make her happy the only way I could anymore. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chatbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





