BDSM Library - Virgin Tease 




Virgin Tease 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A pretty virgin clinician likes to tease guys in a clinical setting until they're incoherent.






The Virgin Tease Ch. 01 (F/M, F/F, tease, denial)



First Clinician Jenny called Rob from the waiting room and led

him to a treatment room. As he followed her, his eyes focused on

the slender beauty with light brown hair and a crisp uniform

dress that settled a few inches above her knees. Her bare legs

and white sneakers, as well as her walk, had an innocent teasing

quality. Her smile conveyed a sensual depth that almost

contradicted her age of 19.



"Please take off all your clothes," Jenny instructed. She stood

and watched as Rob disrobed. She smiled when she saw his cock

cage. "It says you got an enema from Nurse Rina this morning. How

was it?"



"Oh man, she really gave it to me good! I thought she'd never let

me get rid of it. And I was so full! It just kept on and on."



Jenny giggled. "Yes, she does have a way with enemas. She gives

me an enema twice a week. The same kind she gave you."



Rob grimaced, a sign that his expanding cock encountered the

constriction of the cage. Jenny noticed but did not give Rob any

indication.



"And this is the fourth day you've had your chastity device. How

has it been?"



"It's not a lot of fun... I can't wait for it to come off."



"You know that the experiment requires edging and denial of

orgasm, right? And that at the conclusion, Nurse Ashley will ask

you a series of questions."



"Y-yes..."



"Good. Lie back on the table and I'll bind you in place. Today's

session will be three hours of teasing, edging, and denial."



Rob's heart raced when he felt Jenny's efficient hands bind his

wrists to the table. She bound his ankles apart and removed the

chastity device. Rob gave a sigh, and Jenny smiled. His

unencumbered erection reached skyward.



She squirted oil on his throbbing erection and used her hands to

carefully spread it. Then began the most arduous experience Rob

had ever known.



Jenny gave his cock a few quick pumps with her experienced hand,

and he approached ejaculation quickly. Just before he would have

spurted, she put her hands behind her and calmly waited for his

cock to subside. Rob grimaced and panted. A few moments later,

she wrapped her hand lightly around his flagpole. "Oh my, you

have a sensitive cock! These give me the most fun!"



She pumped slowly, each one taking more than 15 seconds. Using

this method, she delayed his ascent to the edge of ejaculation

for several minutes. Rob's choked moans delighted her. She

figured that he had never been teased or edged. She smiled and

withdrew her hands when she detected the telltale signs of

impending ejaculation.



"Please," he implored as he panted. "Please!"



"Rob," she panted lustily, "just seeing the intense wanting in

your eyes is enough to give me orgasms." Then she put her legs

together and closed her eyes. Her whole body trembled, and a few

high pitched whimpers escaped her. Then a big sigh as a sexual

blush spread across her face. Rob was near ejaculation just from

the scene.



Jenny reached under her uniform and pulled off her panties. There

was a large damp spot on them, and she brought it close to Rob's

nose. "Do you know what a girl's pussy smells like when she's had

an orgasm? Here, inhale my scent. Guys tell me that it's like an

aphrodisiac!" 



Rob inhaled, and felt a strong pulse of pre-cum seep from his

cock. Jenny smiled. "Rob, I'm going to put a ball strecher on you

to help keep you from ejaculating. You've got one of the most

sensitive cocks I've worked with, and we can't have you spilling

it before the experiment is complete." Then she efficiently

placed a plastic appliance on him that kept his balls away from

the base of his cock.



"Now I can continue," she said, and squirted more oil on his

member. After a few moments of casually stroking his purple

erection, he was close to orgasm but his ball stretcher kept him

from crossing the line. He continued to plead with Jenny.



"Uhhh... Gawd, I need to cum!&nbsp; Please, please let me cum!"



Jenny put her free hand under her dress and stroked her pussy as

she kept on teasing Rob's cock. It took only a moment of this and

she treated him to her gasps of orgasm.



She then turned her attention to his balls and the insides of his

thighs at the same time she slowly stroked his member.



"Rob, do you know that I'm a virgin?" she teased. Another strong

pulse of pre-cum. "I've never had intercourse, yet I know more

about male anatomy than most girls who have fucked their brains

out!" she kept on with her gradual stroking. "Not only that, I

have a boyfriend AND a girlfriend!"



"Aaaugh! Let me cum! Please!"



She giggled. "Uh-uh-uhh! No cumming until I let you!"



"Uhhnh! You - you're a virgin and have a boyfriend and a

girlfriend?! How do you, umm..."



"Oh, I get lots of sexual satisfaction, Rob! I have lots of

orgasms." Jenny's hands kept working his cock with frustrating

skill. "You know Nurse Ashley - the one you saw to sign you up

for the experiment - she's my girlfriend. She also has a

boyfriend."



Rob thought of the attractive brunette nurse Ashley. She had a

slightly dominant demeanor, and the mental picture of her and

Jenny in bed, naked, their arms around each other, and lips

locked in a passionate kiss, made his midsection tingle with

renewed desire.



Jenny put her face close to Rob's and whispered sexily, "One more

thing, Rob - I love the taste of cum. Sometimes, after Ashley's

boyfriend fucks her until he's spent, I'll eat her pussy - her

pussy full of cum, Rob! That sends her into orbit!"



"Gaah! No more! Please let me cum now!"



Jenny giggled as she kept her charge on the edge of ejaculation.

"My boyfriend spends a couple nights a week with me. I have to

wear a chastity device for my pussy when we're together so I

don't give in and let him fuck me. I let him fuck my legs,

though."



Rob was nearly incoherent.



"I'll spread oil on my legs, Rob. Then I lay there with my legs

together and he lies on top of me, pumping his thing between

them. He's imagining he's inside my virgin pussy, and just seeing

the want in his eyes sends me into orgasm. Then he cums and cums,

between my legs!"



Jenny's free hand quickly went to her pussy. "Oh... Ohh... OH!

Ahh! Mmmmmf!" She gasped and had another spectacular orgasm.



"I'd better have a short break, Rob. This is hard work." Then she

took her panties, wadded them up, and rubbed her pussy with them.

After placing them on Rob's face so he could get a steady dose of

her scent, she left the room for a few minutes.



When she returned she noticed Rob's cock had not subsided. "How's

that sensitive cock doing, Rob? Oh! It looks like it still likes

me! I'll have to spend some time with it!"



Rob's entire midsection was steeped in wanting and intense

desire. As Jenny's skilled hands and teasing manner kept him

constantly close to ejaculation, she fed his fantasies by telling

him of her personal life.



"My boyfriend wants to marry me, Rob. I suppose I'd have to let

him fuck me in the pussy if I got married. Sometimes I think it

would be fun, but I'm having more fun as a virgin. Also, I'd lose

my title here. First Clinician means virgin, Rob. It means the

young lady who's teasing you has never had intercourse."



Rob could do nothing but groan and beg for relief.



Over the next hour, Jenny teased Rob's cock and balls, and

alternated using the ball stretcher and leaving it off. She

proved her extraordinary skill, as few girls could tease like

that without accidentally bringing their charge to ejaculation.

Though she thoroughly enjoyed teasing, she had the self

discipline to let go at the right time. 



Desperate tears of frustration and wanting escaped from Rob's

eyes as he continued to beg Jenny for relief.



At the end of the second hour, Nurse Ashley came in and summoned

Jenny away for a few minutes. WHen Jenny returned, she had a

mischievous look on her face. 



As she started handling and teasing his cock, she said, "Nurse

Ashley was looking at your original paperwork, and pointed out to

me that I had made a mistake in transcribing your information to

my worksheet. I'll tell you what I did later."



She resumed teasing Rob with her hands and her words.



"She's going to give me a good spanking tonight for my mistake.

Her boyfriend will be there. I'll have to take everything off

except my sneakers. Then I'll get across her lap for my paddling.

Omigawd! She spanks hard! Twenty five swats, Rob! I usually beg

her to stop after ten, but she won't stop until I've gotten the

whole spanking!"



"Let me cum! Please, please!"



She giggled. "Then I have to stand in the corner and listen to

them fuck - at least twice. If I took my spanking well, she'll

let me taste the cum in her pussy - while her boyfriend watches.

After that, all is forgiven. She sends her boyfriend home and

takes me to bed."



Rob panted and begged wile she kept handling him for a few

moments.



"Rob, I can't help it! I've got to have another orgasm." While

his midsection steeped in the hot sensation of intense and

frustrated desire, she again put her free hand under her uniform

dress and quickly jilled herself to a intense orgasm. Her quick

gasps aroused him to such a degree that an unbidden spurt of pre-cum emerged. Jenny used it as additional lubricant.



"See, Rob, even though I'm a virgin I can get as many orgasms as

I want!"



Rob struggled wordlessly as Jenny kept him near ejaculation. She

continued to tease with her hands, mannerisms, and words. She

giggled frequently and made sexy faces while running her hands

over his chest and caressing his face.



"I've told you that Nurse Rina gives me a large enema twice a

week. Oh my gosh, I have trouble with those! Ashley likes to

watch - it makes her pussy fill with her sticky cream!"



Jenny smiled as Rob continued to pant and groan. He resigned

himself to the fact that this pretty clinician was not going to

let him cum until the treatment was over.



"That's not all, Rob - when we get home Ashley gives me a nice

long fucking with her strap-on. In the tail end, Rob! She ties my

hands in front of me so I can't interfere. Then she fucks me past

the point where I'm sure I can't take any more! I beg her to

stop: 'Ashley, PLEASE! Stop! No more! Not so hard!' Rob, the

fucking just goes on and on! She loves to hear me moan and shout

when she fucks me!"



Rob wiggled and thrashed about on the table trying to deal with

the clinician's relentless teasing. Never had he felt such an

intense physical and emotional need to ejaculate. Jenny gave

herself more orgasms as she worked on him, until the third hour

of teasing and edging was complete.



Nurse Ashley entered the room. "Have you told him yet?" she asked

Jenny.



"No. Only that there was a mistake and that you're going to give

me a good paddling for it."



Ashley cupped Rob's balls in her hand. "You really want to cum,

don't you?" she teased with a a sly smile. All Rob could do is

groan and pant.



"Rob, Jenny thought she was going to bring you to ejaculation

today at the conclusion of your session. Your original paperwork,

however, had you for two days of sessions before that will

happen. So I'm going to put your cock cage on you and have you

back here tomorrow for another three hour session."



"Noooo!&nbsp; No!&nbsp; Please, no!&nbsp; I can't take it!&nbsp; I've got to cum

now!" Tears of frustration streamed down his face.



"I'm sorry, Rob, but that's the way it has to be."



She pulled on his ball sac while concurrently squeezing his nuts

until his erection subsided enough to permit Jenny to put the

cock cage in place and lock it. Jenny left the room and Ashley

released his bindings and had him get dressed. After she led him

out to the waiting room, she went back to her office. Jenny was

there.



"Let's go home, young lady. You've got quite an evening ahead of

you. Oh, and I signed you up for an enema tomorrow after your

session with Rob. I told her to extend the retention time to 15

minutes instead of 5. I want to watch."



Jenny sat with her hands in her lap, her eyes looking down. She

knew she would make a spectacle of herself while taking in Nurse

Rina's 3-quart sudsy enema and having to retain it for an

extended time. She would have no choice but to stridently beg for

relief.



"Yes ma'am," she quietly whispered.



-----

This story is copyright 2010 by (rick_oh at

onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without

permission. Please see my other stories at

http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick_oh


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





