BDSM Library - When Daddy comes home




When Daddy comes home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    two young subs in a daddy daughter relation with a dom..exsploration






t was a long and tiring week for daddy, work was hard and with barley little time to spend with his two little girls Kerry and Shona he had not noticed the amount of mischief his girls had been up two.

Normally their daddy would have noticed things missing or his feverouts chocolates had been eaten but this week was extra tough on him and he was counting on his girls to behave themselves and help him out with the house work, this however was not the case.

Normally if Kerry or Shony. had done something naughty or wrong they would tell their daddy straight away as to avoid a bigger punishment, but the girls noticed how daddy seemed to be on another planet and was concentrating on getting the pay done, when the girls saw that daddy did not mind small things going on and overlooked it they decided that they will have a little bit of fun without daddies consent.

it started of with rummaging through daddy special dvd's witch they are not permitted to watch unless daddy is with them or unless he says they can.
they did not follow simple rules like bed time and bath time and stopped brushing their teeth and were cheekier then ever.
They were testing their daddy seeing how far they can push their lick and what they can get away with, they even stayed up all night talking and poor daddy had to go to work the next day.

by know the week had passed and the girls confident had grown to a knew level they have go ten away with everything and had not been punished for a while, they liked the knew daddy but did feel some what empty inside they loved getting their own way and not having sore bottoms, but their was something eating away at them inside no matter what they did it would not go away.
They decided to ignore the feeling and carried on with their naughty behaviour.

it is 9.15 Friday night and daddy was late home again..

Come on shona lets do it

But Kerry it's one thing to be naughty but this is very bad daddy will be so mad at us

So daddy isn&#8217;t here he isn&#8217;t going to be either because work keeping in long this week, come on we will never get the chance to do this again for our pleasure only for daddy's.

Are you sure daddy wont be mad Kerry, you no what happens when daddy is mad.

He wont find out shona don&#8217;t worry, remember how proud he was of you when started exploring on your own.

Yes daddy was happy and glad to, and daddy does have those naughty videos of those girls doing it so im sure he wouldn&#8217;t mind us trying.

Of shona and Kerry went to daddies big bed, its is 9.30 know and the girls have been in the bedroom for 15 mins, as daddies walk's through the door...placing his computer in the front room and turing on the telly.

Kerry shony come in her i got a surprise for you. no one comes.
Girls stop messing about and get in here, don&#8217;t make me come get you i ony just got home daddy needs a coffee.
GIRLS !!
you walk into your bedroom, know what are you to doing in my...

Daddy they both shout at once, um we didn&#8217;t here you come in.

and what do you think you are doing,
Well i want an explanation.

Daddy we were just, 

um we were just...

You were just what watching my special dvd's eating my chocolates and playing with my toys.
Turn over bottom's up legs apart.

But daddy we aren&#8217;t dressed.

That is your fault young lady know do as your told or do we need a lesson write know.

instantly both bottoms are in the air as they wait and wait and wait.

as they feel the touch of their daddy they both shout out daddy please we wont do it again please don&#8217;t punish us.

Enough pipe down, get in the front room i have had enough of you to this week, yes daddy the say silently as they go to pic up their cloths.

leave the cloths on the floor if you want to play nacked then you will remain nacked, they both look at each other in shock as they walk into the front room and stand by the sofa as their daddy sits, holding their hands in front of their pusses.
hands behind your back girls.
good well done, know sit at my feet like god girls i have very little patience so i want you to sit in silence until bed time the only time you may speck is for water or the toliet you will ask my polity and you will say sir understand.

yes sir replied both girls.

Know i have brought you both back McDonalds as a treat, although you do not deserve it it will not go to waste understand.

yes daddy.

it is 10.50 daddy is still very angry and the girls are starting to feel the guilt more and more.

shony turns to Kerry and burry her head on her shoulder Kerry comforts her as she begins to cry, shony come here, she ignores daddy and stay put, shony don&#8217;t make me ask you again.

kneeling up daddy pulls her close and holds her tight, daddy is mad shony but does not want to see you crying, baby what is it that upset you, don&#8217;t hide shony look at me look at my eyes tell daddy.
shony take deep breaths and tell daddy...

daddy im sorry we were just...and we were trying...and we thought...

Kerry begins to cry daddy im sorry i encouraged and persuaded...we were just...and she .. and i 

its ok my girls, im disappointed it took you this long, it is to late to deal with the mater know both of you calm down. Go and get ready for bed, you have 45 mins in that time i want a letter written down of exactly what you did and in bed understand yes daddy they both rush of.
were is daddies hug and kiss.

goodnight daddy, goodnight my girls.

as daddy goes to bed he is pleased to see his two girls asleep as he tucks the blanket over them and reads through the letter..

Dear daddy,

we been kind of lonely this week as you been so busy at work and we have barly seen you, we know its not your fault and your work keeps us going but we figured if we get into trouble you would have to spend time with us as we would need punishing.

as the week went on our intentions changed as we then set out to be naughty and get away with as much as we can we don&#8217;t no why but we just did.
we both had this weird feeling inside us we cant get rid of.

we been watching your porn daddy and come across to girls pleasing each other.

we used your toys to spank each other, we were bent over each others knee and over your bench...we got very wet and fingered each other and wanted to know what it was like to lick another girl, to kiss and caress her also to fuck her.

we are sorry daddy.

daddy smiles as he gets into bed and pulls his girls closer.

the next day the girls were up first bringing daddy his cane and coffee, good morning my girls good morning daddy, don&#8217;t look so down it will be dealt with then its over ok.

yes daddy

pulling the quilt of him know who is going to suck daddy first.

can we both do together, as one holds the other sucks swapping between them as they hear daddy moan....as he cums Kerry drinks it up holding as she kisses shona passing on half of it as they swallow it down.

turn over legs apart, as you both drunk it you will share the twelev 6 each.
with each stroke the girls jump one thank you sir two thank you sir...........6 thank you sir.
as they both rub their bottoms.

bottoms up in the air you know what&#8217;s coming as they wait in anticipation of who will be first.
suddenly Kerry fills a deep thrust as sir pushes deep inside instantly she is moaning ahh ohh yes sir yes mmmmmmm.
with one hand he holds firmly onto Kerry&#8217;s hair using his spare hand to cane shonys bottom.


swap...with a bit of a struggle sir gets his cock in shona and for the first time ever hears her moan good girl,,, as he canes Kerry..
both girls know filled of cum stand rubbing their bottoms.

know girls show me exactly what you were doing yesterday...i will sit in this seat i want every last detail preformed understand.

yes daddy.

come on then witch one to we play, um i don&#8217;t know Kerry you decide no you decide...lol lets go for the one with two girls in then shall we, ok Kerry good choice.
know we have to do everything the girls do in the film ok...hmm shouldn&#8217;t we cheek what they do first Kerry im not to sure...aww ware&#8217;s the fun in that.
chicken lol ok ok lets do it,

i will be the taller one shona you can be the smaller one, ok....wow this is good...hehe ok shona im going to walk in know...
mmmmmmmm yes hmmmmmm so goos...shona i leave you for two mins i cant believe your masterbating again.
get over my knee at once you bad girl...whack whack i am going to spank you red naughty girl...mmm yes kerry more more im such a bad girl please spank me harder.

hmm this does not seem to be getting though to you, a few pegs on your nipples should do and this paddle looks effective know count girl say thank you mistress, your such a bad little girl.
mm 1 thank you mistress 2 thank you mistress mmm 3 thank you mistress 4 thank you mistress ahhhhhhhhh....dirty girl cuming on me like that.

on the bed legs apart...ow mistress stop please stop aww...no your pussy deserves a spanking bad girl...ow yes mistress...sliding fingers up naught naughty your all wet...
gets on to her hands and knee&#8217;s i best dry you up then.

Kerry&#8217;s head moves down to my pussy as her tongue goes up and down and around the pussy in and out of the whole as shony comes again.
know girl get your head to my pussy and do the same do not stop until I cum ok...
yes mistress as my head goes down to Kerry pussy i stick my tongue in seep feeling the taste of pussy for the first time as i licked up and down and in and out making her cum and licking it two.

that&#8217;s my girl know on the bed legs apart...Kerry comes back into the room with a strap on and lubes it up...your going to enjoy this...
as the dildo slides in and out my pussy and we kiss each other getting faster and faster...yes yes Kerry oh god yes more...harder faster...arrrr ahh harder Kerry harder...

exhausted they lay nacked in the bed painting like crazy pushing the toys to one side..

and daddy that&#8217;s when you walked in

i see.....

to be continued..... 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  shona wood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





