BDSM Library -  Claire's Journey into Submission and Torment




 Claire's Journey into Submission and Torment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Claire is a 24 year old simple nice girl who applies for a job in an office.  As she prepares for work on her first day she has no idea of the pain and torment in store for her






Claire's journey into submission and torment

Claire was a simple girl, attractive and ambitious.&nbsp; Little could she guess on that first day at work that it would lead to pain and suffering beyond her wildest imaginings.

Part one - first day

This was it - this was the day!&nbsp; Finally she was going to be her own boss - a real job, her own flat and freedom at last.&nbsp; When Jarvis and Co had offered Claire the job she could hardly beleive it, but now here she was, getting ready for her first day.&nbsp; OK the post of office assistant was a lowly place to start but she was doing what she wanted to do - getting ready for work like all the other girls she had been at college with.&nbsp; And it wouldn't be long before other opportunities came up - she would make sure of that - this was why her preparation this morning was so important.

She was starting to learn that her looks were something she could use to advantage.&nbsp; Claire had been fairly plain all through school but in her late teens and through college had blossomed.&nbsp; She had always been slim but the features that had given her a rather pinched look before now gave her a fine, thin lipped mouth to match her green eyes.&nbsp; She allowed her blonde hair to grow long and straight - and had learned that her ready smile could have a dramatic effect on her male acquantences

The new job had demanded a shopping trip at the weekend - she knew well what other office girls wore, especially in smart offices like Jarvis.&nbsp; Even down to new lingerie - well it would make her feel good - and it certainly did as she put on the white satin bra and carefully positioned the white satin g string between her legs.&nbsp; Was the lacy supender belt a bit over the top - too bridal?&nbsp; No - just the thing she decided, and once she had smoothed on her black stockings she looked in the mirror.&nbsp; Almost a shame that no-one will see, she thought&nbsp; In the shops Claire had thought long and hard about the appropriate length for her business skirt.&nbsp; In the end she had gone for above the knee but not short - the sort of skirt a serious career girl would wear.&nbsp; And again going for the classic look she had picked a plain white collared blouse, which was fitted perfectly to her slim frame.&nbsp; She wore heels well and chose court stilletos to complete the ensemble along with her suit jacket.&nbsp; One more look - yes - I will be office manager in months she thought.

At last she was walking to work like all the other girls did - striding confidently, knowing that she looked great and that she was going to do a great job.&nbsp; "Hi, I'm here to see Mr Jarvis - I start work today"&nbsp; she said to the girl on reception.&nbsp; With some pleasure she noticed that the girl looked admiringly at her - though she tried not to show it.&nbsp; "He's expecting you - go on up" she said "Third floor"'

"Come in come in" said the man who greeted her at the lift - he was taller than she remembered from the interview and actually rather good looking.&nbsp; "Welcome - it's great to see you".&nbsp; She couldn't help but notice as he showed her around that he kept glancing at her - she could see that he liked what he saw - she had clearly chosen well.&nbsp; Her own job at last!&nbsp; 

"Here's your chair" he said, pointing to a chair behind a desk positioned to the side of his office but facing him.&nbsp; Claire was a little disappointed that it didn't seem to be a normal swivel office chair, but more a padded wooden afair.&nbsp; But never mind - it was time to start work.

Part 2 - Humiliation

The first three days had not been exciting but Claire was happy with the rather menial work - typing, filing, taking calls, etc.&nbsp; Mr Jarvis didn't talk much other than to give her instructions but he was kind and she got the impression that he thought she was doing a good job.&nbsp; At the end of the day he put down the phone to a customer and turned to Claire:
"Claire I wonder if you could do me a favour tomorrow?"
"Of course Mr Jarvis"
"Well, we have some important customers coming in tomorrow and I really need to make them feel looked after.&nbsp; We will have a meal in this office at lunchtime - would you mind being around to serve drinks, etc?"
"Of course not Mr Jarvis - that's no problem at all" 
"Just one thing" said Jarvis "I need you to wear something a little more - well - waitress-like, could you do that?"
"Err - I'm not quite sure what you mean"
"Well - your white blouse is perfect - but it would be good if you could wear a much shorter skirt"
"Oh - er - I'm not sure Mr Jarvis - I'm not really that ..."
"Is this going to be a problem?" A hint of steel crept into his voice.
"No Mr Jarvis - I'm sure it will be fine"
"Good - take the rest of the day off but make sure you look the part tomorrow"
"Thank you Mr Jarvis"
Claire walked towards the door
"Oh and by the way - the stockings and suspenders you are wearing are perfect so you should certainly wear those tomorrow"
Claire felt a blush creep across her chest and over her face - how did he know she was wearing suspenders?&nbsp; Suddenly her choice of lingerie felt much less appropriate.

Claire put off thinking about what to wear until the following morning.&nbsp; There were plenty of options of course - Claire was enough of a party animal to have a selection of short skirts available - but the whole thing had thrown her off balance.&nbsp; She had beleived that she had been chosen because of her ability - not because she would look the part.&nbsp; Stupid, she told herself, it's just to impress a few clients - if it helps Jarvis &amp; Co for her to dress up a little and flirt with a customer or two then what's the problem - get on and choose.

She decided to stick with black but didn't like the look of the super tight skirts with her office blouse.&nbsp; She settled on one which was just as short but had some shape and flipped a little as she walked.&nbsp; And it was walking that she tested now, just to make sure that it was possible withough showing the the tops of her stockings.&nbsp; It took some care but it was possible - just.

"Thank you Claire" said Jarvis later in the morning "You look perfect.&nbsp; I hope you don't mind doing this for me - I sensed you were a little uncomfortable yesterday?"
"No Mr Jarvis - it's fine - it was silly of me"
"Well it means a lot" he said - his eyes drifting down to take in the full length of her legs - the admiration clear to see.&nbsp; 

The guests arrived at midday and Claire showed them into the office.&nbsp; As she led the way she sensed their eyes on her legs - "like pigs in clover" she thought to herself.&nbsp; After they were seated she brought in lunch and drinks, making eye contact with the visitors and flirting just a little.&nbsp; Intending to leave them to eat she started towards the door.
"Hold on Claire" said Jarvis "we may need you again - just stand there would you please" indicating a spot in the middle of the room where all three of them could see her clearly across the table.
"What?"
"That's it - just stand there in case we need you"
"But .."
"Thank you Claire" a hint of yesterday's steel returning
Blushing Claire stood where she was commanded - it was clear that she was less a waitress on this occasion and more an ornament.&nbsp; As the three men spoke they would look at her, their eyes taking in every part of her.&nbsp; She felt hot - she was aware that as she moved her short flippy skirt moved as well - playing over her upper thighs.&nbsp; 

She had stood their a few moments when Jarvis asked: "Claire would you mind passing us those files over there - the red ones?"
Claire looked behind her - a pile of red files on the floor - three piles of files with some other smaller stuff on the top
"There is a set for each of us"
The files were on the floor - in heels and a miniskirt there was no way she was going to get down there without showing something - clearly that was the intention.&nbsp; She tried to squat down slightly sideways for the first one but in doing so the skirt rode up hopelessly to show her stocking tops and suspenders.&nbsp; Standing up she moved to the table.
"Bring them around would you please dear" said Jarvis
As she placed the first one next to the first visitor she felt him slip a hand between her legs
"Hey!" she said, jumping back
"Claire, is there a problem .....?" That steely voice again - what was it about that voice that made her obey him?
"No Mr Jarvis - sorry"
She brought over the next pile of files and placed it next to the other visitor.&nbsp; This time the hand went straight to her panties roughly feeling between her legs.&nbsp; She moved quickly away without saying anything and returned for the final stack.&nbsp; As she stood the pile toppled and fell, scattering files and papers across the floor.&nbsp; She squatted down to pick them up
"Oh dear - let me help you" said Jarvis, approaching from the table.&nbsp; But as he reached down he brushed firmly against her, knocking her from her squat position onto hands and knees.&nbsp; In this position the visitors would be able to see right up her skirt, her panties, the lot.&nbsp; She started to get onto her feet again
"Come on - get these picked up - stop fiddling about" said Jarvis impatiently, a hand on her shoulder.&nbsp; A sob escaped Claire's throat - the humiliation complete - she had become entertainment for the guests, pure and simple, and she gathered all the papers as they ogled at her.

"You may leave us now" said Jarvis after the papers had been collected.&nbsp; She walked to the door without looking back.&nbsp; She didn't stop at the desk but walked straight out of the door.&nbsp; This was not the secretarial job she dreamed of, she was not going to be treated like this.&nbsp; Jarvis would have to find someone else to decorate his office - she would find another job.

Part 3 - Capture

The next morning Claire woke up resigned to going back to job hunting.&nbsp; Boring and stressful as it was, at least it was better than being made the office tart - the memories of yesterday were still fresh.&nbsp; Amongst the bills was an official looking envelope she didn't recognise.

"Dear Claire", it read, "we recieved your application for a secretarial post in our company a few weeks ago.&nbsp; Please accept our apologies for the delay in responding but if you are still looking for a post we would be happy to offer you an interview.&nbsp; Please call us on the number above"

As easy as that, Claire thought, one door closes and another opens!&nbsp; She picked up the phone straight away.&nbsp; Yes, she told the pleasant sounding man at the other end, of course she could come today - this morning even.

No more short skirts this morning, she reverted to the office wear she had worn at Jarvis on the first few days, and feeling very much the business woman set off for the address they had given her.&nbsp; The address that Solomon Holdings gave on the phone didn't have anything to indicate that the company was based there except a small plaque on the door showing the number matching the address she had been given.&nbsp; She pressed the bell and a buzzer sounded along with a disembodied voice saying "Come up please - first floor"
The stairs were fairly old and shabby - Claire felt a tinge of disappointment that this was not the corporate style she had hoped for.&nbsp; Reaching the first floor there was only one door in front of her - it was ajar but silent inside.&nbsp; She pushed at the door and walked inside.

Before she could take a step she was roughly shoved from behind into the room and an arm clamped around her throat, stifling the scream that was rising.&nbsp; Another hand clamped over her mouth and nose with what felt like a hankerchief.&nbsp; What was that smell, she thought, but it was her last as the room went fuzzy, then dark ....

.....

Some time later, she had no idea how long, she heard voices swimming in and out of consciousness - just words - nothing making sense.&nbsp; She was dimly aware that she was sitting.&nbsp; She tried opening her eyes but it made no more sense, just shapes moving around.&nbsp; Gradually the patterns started to make sense and turned into people - two of them.&nbsp; She made to stand up but couldn't make her arms and legs do what she wanted them to do.
"She's coming round " said a voice which sounded strangely familiar, and for some reason very frightening.

"Hello Claire" said the voice again "Welcome back"
At the same moment she recognised both the voice and the man in front of her - it was Jarvis.&nbsp; She was sitting in her old office chair - the heavy wooden one.&nbsp; But things had changed.&nbsp; The reason she couldn't move her arms and legs was that both were strapped to the arms and legs of the chair with heavy leather straps.&nbsp; Another wide strap held her waist tightly to the back of the chair and finally, most frighteningly of all, a wide leather collar around her neck was clearly fixed to the high back of the chair, affording her very little movement.
"What is this? Let me go?" she spluttered, pulling at the straps
"This, my girl, is your new job"
"But I don't work here - I left - get me out of this stuff"
"I'm sorry, I don't think you understand - you work here - you work for me - you will stay here - you will not leave - understand?"
"No - you're a pervert - I'm not working for you - bastard" spat Claire
"Oh but I think you will - wait a moment - I have some things you will be interested in"
Jarvis walked across the room and returned with a set of large format photos and some papers:
"We take drug abuse very seriously in this company and we were suspicious about your behaviour so we had you followed".&nbsp; He spread the photos out on the table in front of her.&nbsp; They showed her sitting in a park next to another girl, in the sequence she was clearly passing a small package over to the other girl and taking money in return.
"That doesn't prove anything" said Claire
"No" said the other man in the room - she had forgotten about him but he came forward now - a police officer "but the drugs we found in your bag and in our search of your flat do"
"No" sreamed Claire "I dont do drugs - I never have"
"Well the quantities we found mean that you must have been dealing - too much for your own use"
"THis is mad - let me out of here"
"OK" said the policeman "you have that option.&nbsp; And if you leave here you will be arrested and charged with crack dealing.&nbsp; With the evidence we have you will get - say - five years.&nbsp; Your family will be heartbroken of course - career ruined - you won't get a job at the checkout after that lot.&nbsp; Or you can stay with Mr Jarvis here - him and me have a little agreement.&nbsp; You work for with him for three months - if you leave, dont turn up for work, or tell anyone about what you do here the information I have will become public and you will be charged.&nbsp; If you stay the three months all the information will be destroyed - which is it to be"
"But ..." it was hopeless - they had loads of evidence - it had clearly been planted but what could she do.&nbsp; Something like this would kill her mother - she would have do to it.&nbsp; Perhaps it wouldn;t be so bad - just more of the stuff like yesterday.
"OK - I'll sign"
"Sensible girl - sign here" He untied her right arm and gave her a pen.&nbsp; The paper read simply "I surrender myself to Mr Jarvis for a period of three months service.&nbsp; I understand that should he be displeased with me in any way he may at any time terminate this agreement and hand all drug dealing evidence over to the police.&nbsp; At the end of the period the evidence will be destroyed and I will be free of obligations"&nbsp; Claire hesitated at the surrender word but she was keen to get out of these straps so she signed.
"Well I'm all done here" said the cop "Have fun with her!"
"Oh I will" said Jarvis "I will"
Claire went cold at the sound of his voice - what had she done?

Part 4 - Preparation

"Well Claire" said Jarvis "It looks as if we will need to learn to get on with one another doesn't it?"
Claire just stared at him - he had made no move to remove her restraints.
"Actually it's pretty easy - you just need to learn to do as you are told - do that and we will get along just fine.
"But there will be a few changes in your work pattern - and in your duties.&nbsp; But you will be really successful at making those changes - I'm sure of it"
Again Claire said nothing - she was panicking inside - an increasing certainty that she had made the most terrible mistake.&nbsp; But she calmed a little when Jarvis said:
"OK - lets get you untied" and started to undo the straps holding her to the chair.&nbsp; She stood up, a little shakily, but it was good to stand on her own two feet again.&nbsp; She could feel some confidence - and hope - returning.
"OK - now we have had some nonsense about what to wear in the office so I have arranged your new office clothes for you - put these on"
He gestured towards a small pile - actually a very small pile - of clothes on a chair to one side. "Go on - see how they fit"
Claire walked over and picked up two garments - one was a very flimsy see-through white blouse and the other was a black satin pleated skirt.&nbsp; Actually skirt was an exaggeration as this could have been no more than six or seven inches long.
"Go on - put them on"
"But .... these are indecent!"
"You will look just great - put them on"
"No - I can't wear these - I just can't"
"OK - falling at the first hurdle are you - can I remind you of your contract" he waved a piece of paper at her "One more refusal and I make the call"
Claire stammered once again - but then thought of jail and the reaction of her family.&nbsp; She turned to the tiny pile, picked it up and made towards the door.
"Where are you going?" asked Jarvis
"To change"
"You will do it here - get on with it - and take off all your exsiting clothes - you won't be needing any of them"
Jarvis sat in a comfortable chair, feet up on the table, and settled down to watch.&nbsp; Claire knew it was hopeless - she was trapped.&nbsp; Feeling numb she started to take off her blouse, fumbling each button and aware of his gaze on her body as it was gradually exposed.&nbsp; Then she stepped out of the skirt and was left in just her lingerie - on that first day it had given her confidence but now, with his eyes all over her, she wished she had chosen something more frumpy.&nbsp; She tried to delay the inevitiable by taking ages to undo her shoes but the moment finally came - she reached behind her and unclipped her bra - her hands instinctively covering her breasts.&nbsp; But even that cover had to be abandoned when she need to reach down to undo her suspenders and slip off her stockings.&nbsp; Finally, she slipped her fingers into her panties and slid them down her slim and smooth legs.
"OK - now you may get dressed" said Jarvis
Claire slipped on the blouse and did up the buttons one by one.&nbsp; It was the most transparent material she could imagine - Claire was proud of her breasts and the fact that she could happily go without a bra, but this material seemed to almost exaggerate her nakedness - everything was on view and her nipples clearly caused a dimple in the material.&nbsp; But the skirt was worse - although she tried to pull it down as far as she could it covered nothing - the hem reaching a level a fraction above her pussy.&nbsp; Whilst it might shield her sex from someone standing next to her anyone further away or sitting down would see the whole thing.&nbsp; Claire was totally shaven so her exposure was complete.
"Now the shoes" said Jarvis flatly
Claire hadn't seen the shoes - they were pushed a little under the chair.&nbsp; When she pulled them out she gasped - she had seen nothing like this before.&nbsp; The heel was huge - as long as the foot of the shoe.&nbsp; The toe of the shoe didn't flatten out like a normal stiletto but ended in a downward point - just like a ballet dancer on points.&nbsp; "They are called ballet heels - I hope you like them" chuckled Jarvis "Go on - put them on"
Claire sat down and started to put them on - the straps were tight but the fit was good - Jarvis had clearly done his preparation well.&nbsp; They strained her foot a little but it wasn't particularly uncomfortable.
"Stand up" said Jarvis when she had finished.&nbsp; But this was a whole new problem.&nbsp; Claire grasped at the arm of the chair as she lost her balance and almost fell.&nbsp; Pulling herself upright she stood in all her glory - the once proud office assistant turned sex object.&nbsp; The shoes made the picture complete - they forced her to stand with her chest out, knowing that her legs and sex were exposed but unable to look down or do anything about it.
"Come over here" said Jarvis, pointing to the office chair.&nbsp; Claire started to walk but it was a challenge.&nbsp; More than once she nearly stumbled&nbsp; - the points of her toes were starting to hurt - this was harder than she thought.
"Sit"
Claire sat down at the old desk.&nbsp; Immediately Jarvis whipped a collar around her neck - but this was not a thin, dog collar type that she had worn before, this was wide - very wide - with a tope that pushed her chin upwards.&nbsp; He started to tighten it "Wait" she cried but he carried on until the fit was snug.&nbsp; "I can't breathe!" exclaimed Claire
"Yes you can" said Jarvis "otherwise you couldn't talk
"Get used to it as you will wear it all the time from now on" and saying this he fixed a clip on the back of the collar to a ring on the chair and walked back to his own desk saying "The work is the same - get on with it"
Claire reached for her notepad and computer keyboard, aware of how she must look: breasts clearly on show through her top, her head forced up and looking forwards by the posture collar and, for anyone who cared to look, her pussy exposed to the world.&nbsp; It was all a far cry from all those hopes and expectations she had when she turned up for work that first day.

Part 5: Trial

At the end of the previous day Jarvis had explained to her how things would work now.&nbsp; She would be allowed to wear her own clothes too and from the office but would change as soon as she arrived.&nbsp;&nbsp; She would wear whatever he put out for her and put the collar on, then present herself for his inspection.&nbsp; She did this the next day and was now standing in front of his desk as he looked her up and down.
"Now Claire" he said "we have a busy schedule today and you will be taking lots of calls - I need to you be very productive and handle all these calls efficiently - OK?"
"Yes"&nbsp; said Clair
"Rather rude this morning are you not?"
"Yes Mr Jarvis - sorry"
"Better - now I believe in offering incentives to help production so that is what I am going to do for you" 
Great thought Claire - I do this well and he will let me not wear the collar or something.&nbsp; But Jarvis brought out two metal objects, shaped rather like dildos Claire thought, but surely ...
"Put these in - one in your pussy and one in your ass"&nbsp; the crude language shocked Claire and she stood staring at him "Go on - or do you want me to do it for you?"
"But - no - I've never ....."
"Come on - we haven't got all day" he shook the invaders at her impatiently "They go in all the way to the small handle - don't worry - they won't get lost" he chuckled
Claire took them and looked helplessly at him, finally, and slowly, reaching down helplessly to insert the first metal dildo in her pussy.&nbsp; It wasn't large so slipped in fairly easily.&nbsp; The anal one was more of a problem - she was an anal virgin and even this small probe felt as if it was going to stretch her permanently.&nbsp; This was apart from the degradation she felt at doing this in front of this man
"Fine - now stand in front of your chair"
Claire did so and as she stood there he reached between her legs and attached what looked like wires to the dildos.&nbsp; This mystified Claire - what was all this about - it was wierd!
"Sit down and undo the top buttons of your blouse" - Claire did as she was told - this was getting frightening - nothing that had happened so far was doing to damage her but those wires looked all wrong.&nbsp; Jarvis grabbed her hands and put the straps over her arms again - pinning them to the chair - and did the same with her ankles.&nbsp; Then from behind her he brought out what looked like alligator clips - in fact they were alligator clips - with wires attached and sharp metal teeth
"Do you know where these are going?" he asked menacingly.
Claire shook her head violently but said nothing
He approached her with an open clip and moved it towards her breasts
"No - no no - please - no!" cried Claire
Closer
"Noooo" she screamed
When the pain came it surprised even her - a cutting, burning sensation that felt as if her nipples were being cut off.&nbsp; She screamed an animal scream - not once but twice as the other nipple came in for the same treatment
"Off .... off ..... she blubbered ...take them off!"
"The pain will go down in a bit - just give it time"
While Claire writhed and bucked against the straps Jarvis busied himself with the wires, connecting them to something behind the chair that she couldn't see. Finally she calmed down and he spoke:
"OK here's how it works.&nbsp; Here is a telephone headset" he placed it on her head "The system can manage four calls at once.&nbsp; When the first call comes in you will feel a slight electric shock in your right nipple, the next call to your left nipple, the next to your pussy and the fourth to your ass" Claire's eyes widened.&nbsp; "Now here's the incentive.&nbsp; If you finish the call before the next comes in it works as I have described.&nbsp; But if another call comes in before you have finished the first it will start the shocks to the other nipple.&nbsp; So, in the worst case, if you are talking on a call and have three others waiting you will be getting shocks in all four places!&nbsp; Neat isn't it?"&nbsp; Claire's dread was rising - shocks?!
"Oh and one more thing - the current on each contact is low at the start of the call but gradually rises through the call - I don't recommend you go past a couple of minutes or it could get really uncomfortable.&nbsp; Here is your script"&nbsp; He handed her a page of information "Your aim is to get them all to agree to the last question - the sale.&nbsp; The more successful you are the more I will reward you in the next few days.&nbsp; But you need twenty five sales as a minimum.&nbsp; So soon the phone will start to ring - you can see the calls waiting on the screen.&nbsp; The button under your finger is the answer button - have fun - and sell sell sell!"&nbsp; 
"Finally don't even thing of cutting the callers off - if you do the power will immediately go to maximum - you don't want that beleive me!"

Claire was about to protest but as he walked away there was a strong tingling in her right nipple.&nbsp; She panicked - no - she wasn't ready - what did she have to do?&nbsp; She looked down at the script and pressed the button "Hello Jarvis and Co, how can I help you" the tingling had already turned into a buzzing feeling - not painful yet but building.&nbsp; Thankfully the person on the other end didn't talk too much and it was clear they didn't want what she was selling.&nbsp; It was disappointing but the caller rang off before the nipple got painful.
Suddently there were two lights flashing and she felt that tingling again but this time in both nipples.&nbsp; Her introductory speach again but this time the sensation was building in both breasts and she was aware that there was another conversation to have.&nbsp; She had thought that the increase in current would start when the call was answered but that clearly wasn't the case - they were growing at the same rate.&nbsp; This call took a little longer - though she was aware she was rushing through her script "Um" - said the called - "I'm not sure - let me think".&nbsp; Meanwhile the buzzing feeling was starting to become painful.&nbsp; "Can I put you on hold for a moment" she said to the first caller and started the whole process with the second.&nbsp; This was much harder though - she slipped on her words and at one point let out a small scream as the power seemed to build.&nbsp; The caller rang off but the first was still there so she went back to him - she could hardly get the words out - the pain was continuing to build and was now hard to bear.&nbsp; The sting of the clips going on was bad but this was worse.&nbsp; He was just about to agree to buy when two more lights went on -"Oh no" she said 
"OK" said the caller "if you don't want my money" and rang off
Damn, she thought, I need a sale - 25 in the day
She carried on like this for the next hour - the calls came in dribs and drabs but there were never more than two at once.&nbsp; She even made a sale and was starting to get better at managing the pain.
Then the light went on and she answered it.&nbsp; There was a pause and a man started to speak very slowly and deliberatedly.&nbsp; She knew she would have to hurry him on but as she started to move things a second light went on, then a third, then a fourth.&nbsp; The tingling started in her pussy and anus.&nbsp; She had to move fast - but he was so slow.&nbsp; The buzzing now, in all four places.&nbsp; She was short with the caller and he rang off - damn!&nbsp; She started on the next but as soon as she did there was another caller waiting and the right nipple that was taking a break started to tingle again.&nbsp; Meanwhile the others were building and building.&nbsp; She shifted in her chair trying to ease the discomfort but it was no use - and getting rid of the second caller didn't help as the pain in her pussy and ass was continuing to build.&nbsp; And build. And build.

Her breathing got shallower and her talking faster.&nbsp; The calls were coming in think and fast now and she started to lose track of where she had got to - the pain was intense and continuous, but as it depended on the call she was on it shifted between the four sites.&nbsp; On and on she went, lost in a haze of pain, sweat and jabbering conversation - pounding the button to take the next call, shaking from the ever changing torment.&nbsp; On and on - she couldn't remember how long - couldn't remember anything except the lights and the pain that came with each one .....









Chapter 6 - Punishment

Claire slept heavily that night and the next morning she started to wonder if she should give up and just not go to work.&nbsp; But her parents and friends finding out that she had dealt in drugs - and the police - she would never live it down.&nbsp; Surely Mr Jarvis would get bored or would just be happy with her work today?&nbsp; He couldn't make her go through anything like yesterday could he?&nbsp; She dressed as normal for work in a white blouse and black skirt and set off.

As she arrived at the office Jarvis was waiting for her.&nbsp; "Come with me" he barked, and walked away.&nbsp; She followed him through a corridor and a door she had not seen before - it led down some stairs - she presumed into some kind of store room.&nbsp; He led her into a room which seemed empty but in the dim light it was hard to tell.&nbsp; With a click the lights came on and revealed a room with bare stone walls and a stone floor.&nbsp; There were various ring bolts in the walls and an array of ropes overhead which came down the wall to a control panel of some sort
"Welcome to the punishment chamber" 
Claire spluttered "wh ..? what?"
"When you displease me with your work this is where we will come - it is the place where you will be punished for shoddy work"
"But you can't ..."
"Oh but I can - I can do whatever I like.&nbsp; Yesterday you were supposed to collect 25 orders is that correct"
"yes but ...."
"And how many did you collect?"
"Err ..."
"How many girl?"
"Three"
"Three - you pathetic girl - what do you think I pay you for?"
"I'm sorry Mr Jarvis - it was all the electric shocks"
"Sorry! Sorry is no good for me - sorry won't keep my business going"
"no SIr"
"Well you owe me 22 orders - and in the punishment room that will mean 22 lashes.&nbsp; But first you will strip - quickly - I will add a lash for every 5 seconds it takes you"
"But sir - please sir ..."
"23 lashes"
"Can't I do something else ...?"
"24 lashes"
Claire quickly began to take off her clothes - ripping at the buttons - terrified of the mounting punishment that was waiting for her.
Jarvis roughly grabbed her arm and dragged her to the middle of the room.&nbsp; He pulled down a rope from the roof and attached two straps to her wrists and attached these to the rope.&nbsp; There were two ropes on the floor and he did the same with these - attaching further straps to her ankles.&nbsp; The ropes lay loose on the floor and she stood waiting for her punishment.
Jarvis went to the control panel on the wall and pressed some buttons.&nbsp; There was a whirring noise and the ropes started to tighten - they pulled her arms further and further above her head and her legs further and further apart
"Nooo ..." screamed Claire as she was stretched.&nbsp; When the whirring stopped her feet were only just touching the ground and almost all her weight was on her strained wrists.&nbsp; The only movement she could make was with her head which thrashed from side to side to try and ease the tension.
When Jarvis appeared with the whip Claire froze - a bullwhip hung from his hand, almost as thick as his arm at the handle with a tip the thickness of her little finger - all in supple leather - it looked like a snake
"Noo - you can't ..."
"Now - 24 is a good number - it divides by three!&nbsp; You will received 8 lashes on your tits, 8 on your ass and finally 8 on your pussy.&nbsp; I dont believe in warming girls up for punishment so they will be full strikes from the start.&nbsp; Your tits will be first"
"Noooo!" screamed Claire - he couldn't - it would kill her - could a girl survive a whipping from an implement like that.
"Do feel free to scream" said Jarvis "you won't be heard and actually I quite enjoy it!&nbsp; You don't think you were supposed to actually collect any orders did you?&nbsp; If you had done I wouldn't get my fun here would I!&nbsp; Actually you did rather well - the last girl I had didn't manage to get any orders at all."
With a sense of cold dread Claire realised that this was all about Jarvis enjoying himself - he had no interest in her work - he just wanted to punish her for his own pleasure.
"Hear we go then!"
Thwaaaaaaak!&nbsp; Whistling through the air the whip lashed across her tits, striking just below both nipples.
"Aaaaaeeeeee!" screamed Claire "no, no, no, please stop please - I can't take this"
Immediately a red welt rose across both breasts
"Crack" the second blow fell - this time across the nipples themselves.&nbsp; Claire's shriek was piercing and was followed by gut wrenching sobs.
Three more strikes - Jarvis was deadly accurate - all the welts across her breasts were close together and all clustered around the sensitive nipple area.
"Now - only three more on the breasts" said Jarvis "but all of these will be across the nipples"
Claire spluttered and sobbed but uttered nothing that made sense, her mind only filled with the pain from her breasts
She flinched as Jarvis cracked the whip in the air a few times for practice and then screamed again as he landed three strokes in quick successtion across her nipples, each unerringly finding its mark.&nbsp; Claire's nipples were a mass of angry red raised welts.
"Now your ass" said Jarvis walking around behind her.
Claire became lost in the pain as the eight strikes were delivered, her head thrashing from side to side as stroke after stroke was laid over her buttocks, each leaving an angry mark.
"Now for the fun part" said Jarvis as he returned to the control panel.&nbsp; With a whir Claire's ankles were raised and she was leaned back, until finally she was held almost horizontal with her legs spread wide and her pussy exposed.
"Not many girls can take this without feinting" said Jarvis "let's see how you do"
As the first blow came Claire's vision went red - this was beyond anything she could imagine as pain - it went to the very centre of her being - she could think of nothing else.
Another blow - and she felt her consciousness slipping away.
The next seemed to be happening to someone else
And then blackness ........

"Welcome back" said Jarvis
His face came gradually into focus, she was sitting at her desk and he was standing in front of her.&nbsp; But something was wrong - she couldn't move and she was very uncomfortable.&nbsp; Gradually the discomfort came into focus and turned into pain - then more pain, excuciating pain .... "What ...?"she spluttered?
"Well whipping is all very well but it is the pain afterwards that is the real punishment.&nbsp; You are sitting on a metal plate - a little like a cheese grater - it is placed in the very spot that you recieved the whipping and will cause great discomfort.&nbsp; In the middle of it is a ridge, made of the same rough metal, which is pushing right up into your pussy, with your pussy lips either side of it - this will remind you of your pussy whipping - especially as you missed most of it.&nbsp; And finally you might notice that you are wearing a kind of bra - but inside it your nipples are resting against coarse sandpaper - just so that you don't forget"
As he spoke the pain increased and increased - Claire was fully conscious now and it was still getting worse.&nbsp; A spasm shot through her pussy as she shifted her weight - any movement caused the rough metal "grater" to rub against the welts raised by the whip and the pain was unbearable.
"You look wonderful - I will enjoy watching you for a while".&nbsp; Claire looked down, she was wearing her normal see-thru uniform and a casual observer would have thought she looked like a sexy and provocative secretary.&nbsp; The tears began to stream down her face as she realised what the day that stretched before her would be like ......










Chapter 7: Service 

Claire spent the weekend in termoil - the pain from her punishment started to fade quickly and in spite of her fears there was no real harm done - some bruises that would fade after a while and some welts from the whipping that might take a little longer.&nbsp; Sitting down was still uncomfortable but she would heal.&nbsp; But what about going back - she couldn't endure more treatment like Jarvis had meeted out to her.&nbsp; Eventually she decided - she would give it one more day and then if it didn't stop she wouldn't return - let him tell who he liked about his trumped up drug stories - she would cope with it. 

At the office on Monday morning Jarvis was ready for her.&nbsp; 
"Right Claire, today I need you to help me with a really important client - my business depends on this partnership so you need to impress him - do you understand?"&nbsp; 
"Of course Mr Jarvis, I'll do anything I can to help" 
"Good, then let's get you ready - take off your clothes" 
Claire had been here before, she knew that to disobey meant worse punishment.&nbsp; She quickly took off her clothes and left them on the chair.&nbsp; She stood naked before him. 
"Well done girl, you are learning.&nbsp; Now spread your legs wide and put your hands on your head" 
Claire obeyed, trembling slightly in anticipation about what he was going to do to her.&nbsp; Jarvis went to the side of the room and came back with a curious looking contraption with straps and wires - Claire's blood ran cold - not more wires surely!? 
"This is one of my favourites" said Jarvis "attached to the straps are two dildos for your pussy and anus - they both have electrical contacts of course but you would expect that".&nbsp; 
Claire shivered. 
"They are held in place by a strap which goes between your legs - the strap is fixed to a belt around your waist so that it can all be pulled tight.&nbsp; But just look at the strap a moment" 
Jarvis held it up before her eyes.&nbsp; "No - I can't!" screamed Claire as she looked.&nbsp; The strap was covered in tiny pins - not long ones but she could imagine how they would feel pushing into the sensitive areas between her legs. 
"They are not as bad as they look" said Jarvis "in fact they won't pierce the skin as long as you are careful when you move - but they can be very uncomfortable with a little pressure!" 
And with that he fixed the belt around her waist.&nbsp; Once that was in place he pulled the strap with the two dildos up between her legs, feeding the two invadors into her pussy and ass.&nbsp; As they sank to their full length the pins made contact around the stretched and sensitive skin around each orifice. 
"Aiiieeee!" shrieked Claire "Nooooo!" 
"Nice isn't it" said Jarvis "as I say - they won't do you any harm like this.&nbsp; But if I do this ..." and he put his hand between her legs and pushed at the strap .... 
"Arrrrrrgggh! Please don't - please!" 
Ignoring her protests Jarvis connected up the wires to some sort of control box which he fixed to the back of the belt.&nbsp; "Just so that I can administer shocks remotely if you misbehave" he grinned.&nbsp; "So you had better be well behaved hadn't you dear?&nbsp; Now - for your breasts something similar I think ..." 
He brought out a bra that was simply terrifying.&nbsp; The insides of the cups were covered in the same little pins which were causing such discomfort between her legs.&nbsp; There were holes for her nipples to poke through so perhaps these would be spared?&nbsp;&nbsp; Claire shrieked again as Jarvis fitted the bra - not tight but firm enough to cause discomfort. 
"Now for the finishing touch - hadn't you noticed the outside of the bra?" 
Claire looked down - surrounding each nipple hole were four small clamps which held needles which pointed inwards towards the nipple. 
"Just a little adjustment" said Jarvis as he began to move the needles inwards towards her nipples.&nbsp; With fine adjustment each needle was almost touching the nipple but not quite.&nbsp; Any movement would cause one of the needles to make contact.&nbsp; Claire stood very still - terrified. 
"Now - get dressed - here are your clothes" 
Obediently Claire began to dress.&nbsp; She was used to the see through blouse by now - but the skirt was a normal, but short, office skirt and he had provided her with a jacket,&nbsp; Perhaps she would be permitted to keep her pain to herself today without the humiliation of everyone knowing that she was being used as a sex slave. 
"Come - follow me" said Jarvis, walking out of the room.&nbsp; As soon as she started to move she wished she didn't have the jacket on - the heavy material rubbed against her nipples and immediately one of the pins made contact.&nbsp; "Owwwww!" moaned Claire.&nbsp; Jarvis ignored her and walked on.&nbsp; Suddenly a red hot shock hit her pussy dildo - Claire doubled up and emmitted a low groan.&nbsp; "Hurry up or you will get more of the same" called Jarvis.&nbsp; Resigned to her fate Claire walked on - all the time the needles causing more and more pain to her nipples. 

"Stand there" said Jarvis in the meeting room, pointing to a spot in the middle of the room in front of the meeting table, "you will not move until you are required to" 
He left the room for a moment and then returned with another man, also dressed in an expensive looking business suit. 
"Come on in Adam, I've been looking forward to concluding our deal.&nbsp; I have asked my assistant Claire to join us - I think you will find her suitable - I know she will do anything to make you feel welcome and comfortable" 
The two men sat down at the table facing Claire in the middle of the room and started discussing their business.&nbsp; Occasionally Adam glanced up at her with a penetrating gaze, taking in the top of her blouse and the very short skirt.&nbsp; After 10 mins Jarvis said: "Claire - you must be hot - take off your jacket".&nbsp; Claire hesitated but recognised the steely look in Jarvis's eyes.&nbsp; She took off the jacket. 
The effect on Adam was instant, becoming less interested in the business talk and fascinated with what he could see through the transparent blouse, trying to make out the detail.&nbsp; Jarvis carried on as if nothing was out of the ordinary for another ten minutes as Claire just stood their feeling Adam's eyes on her.&nbsp; Then, in mid conversation, Jarvis stood up and walked over to Claire.&nbsp; Still talking he lifted up the front of her skirt and tucked it into her waistband, exposing the strap between her legs. 
Adam looked flustered and began to muddle his words, trying to concentrate on business but clearly fascinated with what had been done to Claire.&nbsp; Suddently Claire screamed a piercing shriek.&nbsp; Adam's head shot up - a quizzical look on his face. 
"I just like to keep her on her toes with this" said Jarvis, putting a box on the table with buttons and a dial.&nbsp; "You can choose pussy or ass with these buttons here and the level of shock with this dial.&nbsp; Try it!" 
Claire watched as his slightly trembling hands adjusted the dial upwards a few notches and then pressed one of the buttons.&nbsp; Fire ripped through Claire's ass and she staggered forwards with a howl. 
"Now here's the deal Adam.&nbsp; We both know what we want from this joint venture but just to convince you of my good faith I am going to lend you Claire here for the next couple of hours.&nbsp; You can do what you want with her - she is only here to please you.&nbsp; If she pleases you we will sign the contracts, if not we will forget it.&nbsp; Is that a deal?" 
"Sounds fine to me" said Adam 
"I'll leave you to it then" said Jarvis and went to leave the room.&nbsp; As he passed Claire he paused to whisper: "Can you imagine what will happen to you if he doesn't sign?" 

When Jarvis had gone Adam walked wordlessly across to where Claire stood - now trembling.&nbsp; She hated what Jarvis did to her but at least that was a known enemy - this was different - what would Adam do to her?&nbsp; Standing behind her he placed his hands over her breasts and pressed firmly.&nbsp; As the touch of a lover in different times this would have sent shivers down her spine, as it was it just pressed the pins firmly into her breasts and she cried out loud.&nbsp; He stopped - he seemed almost shocked that he had hurt her.&nbsp; But soon the hands were back and every touch caused new pain, none less than the last.&nbsp; It was not enough that they touched her breasts, soon he was reaching between her legs and pressing against the strap, and with each firm touch Claire let out a corresponding cry of pain - it was as if he was playing a musical instrument, her cries coming from his touch - he was mesmerised.&nbsp; Claire wanted him desperately to stop.&nbsp; She wanted to reason with him, to reach an agreement, above all to end the pain.&nbsp; But she knew that if he didn't sign the deal with Jarvis she would be in for a punishment that she could only dimly imagine - a degree of pain now was worth the price. 

After a while Adam remembered the remote control box Jarvis had shown him.&nbsp; He picked this up again and started to experiment like a child with a new toy - every setting produced a different reaction from Claire, every time she started to get used to one setting and was crying out less he increased the power until the knob was turned up full.&nbsp; There was no getting used to this setting, the powerful shocks were like a knife through her each time and she doubled over in pain.&nbsp; Except that Adam had powerful hands on her breasts and between her legs keeping her upright - the price of standing being more and more needles digging into her breasts and between her legs.&nbsp; 

Finally his curiousity got the better of him and he opened up her blouse to look at the bra contraption.&nbsp; Noticing the arrangement of the nipple needles he began some adjustments, pushing each in until it just made contact with the nipple so that each was attacked from four sides. Claire was delerious with pain, helpless in his arms as he played with each pain point, each one drawing out of her a new sound and taking her to a new level of suffering.&nbsp; Adam had decided: if this was what Jarvis meant by doing business together he was signing - no question. 









Chapter 7: Service

Claire spent the weekend in termoil - the pain from her punishment started to fade quickly and in spite of her fears there was no real harm done - some bruises that would fade after a while and some welts from the whipping that might take a little longer.&nbsp; Sitting down was still uncomfortable but she would heal.&nbsp; But what about going back - she couldn't endure more treatment like Jarvis had meeted out to her.&nbsp; Eventually she decided - she would give it one more day and then if it didn't stop she wouldn't return - let him tell who he liked about his trumped up drug stories - she would cope with it.

At the office on Monday morning Jarvis was ready for her.&nbsp; 
"Right Claire, today I need you to help me with a really important client - my business depends on this partnership so you need to impress him - do you understand?"&nbsp; 
"Of course Mr Jarvis, I'll do anything I can to help"
"Good, then let's get you ready - take off your clothes"
Claire had been here before, she knew that to disobey meant worse punishment.&nbsp; She quickly took off her clothes and left them on the chair.&nbsp; She stood naked before him.
"Well done girl, you are learning.&nbsp; Now spread your legs wide and put your hands on your head"
Claire obeyed, trembling slightly in anticipation about what he was going to do to her.&nbsp; Jarvis went to the side of the room and came back with a curious looking contraption with straps and wires - Claire's blood ran cold - not more wires surely!?
"This is one of my favourites" said Jarvis "attached to the straps are two dildos for your pussy and anus - they both have electrical contacts of course but you would expect that".&nbsp; 
Claire shivered.
"They are held in place by a strap which goes between your legs - the strap is fixed to a belt around your waist so that it can all be pulled tight.&nbsp; But just look at the strap a moment"
Jarvis held it up before her eyes.&nbsp; "No - I can't!" screamed Claire as she looked.&nbsp; The strap was covered in tiny pins - not long ones but she could imagine how they would feel pushing into the sensitive areas between her legs.
"They are not as bad as they look" said Jarvis "in fact they won't pierce the skin as long as you are careful when you move - but they can be very uncomfortable with a little pressure!"
And with that he fixed the belt around her waist.&nbsp; Once that was in place he pulled the strap with the two dildos up between her legs, feeding the two invadors into her pussy and ass.&nbsp; As they sank to their full length the pins made contact around the stretched and sensitive skin around each orifice.
"Aiiieeee!" shrieked Claire "Nooooo!"
"Nice isn't it" said Jarvis "as I say - they won't do you any harm like this.&nbsp; But if I do this ..." and he put his hand between her legs and pushed at the strap ....
"Arrrrrrgggh! Please don't - please!"
Ignoring her protests Jarvis connected up the wires to some sort of control box which he fixed to the back of the belt.&nbsp; "Just so that I can administer shocks remotely if you misbehave" he grinned.&nbsp; "So you had better be well behaved hadn't you dear?&nbsp; Now - for your breasts something similar I think ..."
He brought out a bra that was simply terrifying.&nbsp; The insides of the cups were covered in the same little pins which were causing such discomfort between her legs.&nbsp; There were holes for her nipples to poke through so perhaps these would be spared?&nbsp;&nbsp; Claire shrieked again as Jarvis fitted the bra - not tight but firm enough to cause discomfort.
"Now for the finishing touch - hadn't you noticed the outside of the bra?"
Claire looked down - surrounding each nipple hole were four small clamps which held needles which pointed inwards towards the nipple.
"Just a little adjustment" said Jarvis as he began to move the needles inwards towards her nipples.&nbsp; With fine adjustment each needle was almost touching the nipple but not quite.&nbsp; Any movement would cause one of the needles to make contact.&nbsp; Claire stood very still - terrified.
"Now - get dressed - here are your clothes"
Obediently Claire began to dress.&nbsp; She was used to the see through blouse by now - but the skirt was a normal, but short, office skirt and he had provided her with a jacket,&nbsp; Perhaps she would be permitted to keep her pain to herself today without the humiliation of everyone knowing that she was being used as a sex slave.
"Come - follow me" said Jarvis, walking out of the room.&nbsp; As soon as she started to move she wished she didn't have the jacket on - the heavy material rubbed against her nipples and immediately one of the pins made contact.&nbsp; "Owwwww!" moaned Claire.&nbsp; Jarvis ignored her and walked on.&nbsp; Suddenly a red hot shock hit her pussy dildo - Claire doubled up and emmitted a low groan.&nbsp; "Hurry up or you will get more of the same" called Jarvis.&nbsp; Resigned to her fate Claire walked on - all the time the needles causing more and more pain to her nipples.

"Stand there" said Jarvis in the meeting room, pointing to a spot in the middle of the room in front of the meeting table, "you will not move until you are required to"
He left the room for a moment and then returned with another man, also dressed in an expensive looking business suit.
"Come on in Adam, I've been looking forward to concluding our deal.&nbsp; I have asked my assistant Claire to join us - I think you will find her suitable - I know she will do anything to make you feel welcome and comfortable"
The two men sat down at the table facing Claire in the middle of the room and started discussing their business.&nbsp; Occasionally Adam glanced up at her with a penetrating gaze, taking in the top of her blouse and the very short skirt.&nbsp; After 10 mins Jarvis said: "Claire - you must be hot - take off your jacket".&nbsp; Claire hesitated but recognised the steely look in Jarvis's eyes.&nbsp; She took off the jacket.
The effect on Adam was instant, becoming less interested in the business talk and fascinated with what he could see through the transparent blouse, trying to make out the detail.&nbsp; Jarvis carried on as if nothing was out of the ordinary for another ten minutes as Claire just stood their feeling Adam's eyes on her.&nbsp; Then, in mid conversation, Jarvis stood up and walked over to Claire.&nbsp; Still talking he lifted up the front of her skirt and tucked it into her waistband, exposing the strap between her legs.
Adam looked flustered and began to muddle his words, trying to concentrate on business but clearly fascinated with what had been done to Claire.&nbsp; Suddently Claire screamed a piercing shriek.&nbsp; Adam's head shot up - a quizzical look on his face.
"I just like to keep her on her toes with this" said Jarvis, putting a box on the table with buttons and a dial.&nbsp; "You can choose pussy or ass with these buttons here and the level of shock with this dial.&nbsp; Try it!"
Claire watched as his slightly trembling hands adjusted the dial upwards a few notches and then pressed one of the buttons.&nbsp; Fire ripped through Claire's ass and she staggered forwards with a howl.
"Now here's the deal Adam.&nbsp; We both know what we want from this joint venture but just to convince you of my good faith I am going to lend you Claire here for the next couple of hours.&nbsp; You can do what you want with her - she is only here to please you.&nbsp; If she pleases you we will sign the contracts, if not we will forget it.&nbsp; Is that a deal?"
"Sounds fine to me" said Adam
"I'll leave you to it then" said Jarvis and went to leave the room.&nbsp; As he passed Claire he paused to whisper: "Can you imagine what will happen to you if he doesn't sign?"

When Jarvis had gone Adam walked wordlessly across to where Claire stood - now trembling.&nbsp; She hated what Jarvis did to her but at least that was a known enemy - this was different - what would Adam do to her?&nbsp; Standing behind her he placed his hands over her breasts and pressed firmly.&nbsp; As the touch of a lover in different times this would have sent shivers down her spine, as it was it just pressed the pins firmly into her breasts and she cried out loud.&nbsp; He stopped - he seemed almost shocked that he had hurt her.&nbsp; But soon the hands were back and every touch caused new pain, none less than the last.&nbsp; It was not enough that they touched her breasts, soon he was reaching between her legs and pressing against the strap, and with each firm touch Claire let out a corresponding cry of pain - it was as if he was playing a musical instrument, her cries coming from his touch - he was mesmerised.&nbsp; Claire wanted him desperately to stop.&nbsp; She wanted to reason with him, to reach an agreement, above all to end the pain.&nbsp; But she knew that if he didn't sign the deal with Jarvis she would be in for a punishment that she could only dimly imagine - a degree of pain now was worth the price.

After a while Adam remembered the remote control box Jarvis had shown him.&nbsp; He picked this up again and started to experiment like a child with a new toy - every setting produced a different reaction from Claire, every time she started to get used to one setting and was crying out less he increased the power until the knob was turned up full.&nbsp; There was no getting used to this setting, the powerful shocks were like a knife through her each time and she doubled over in pain.&nbsp; Except that Adam had powerful hands on her breasts and between her legs keeping her upright - the price of standing being more and more needles digging into her breasts and between her legs.&nbsp; 

Finally his curiousity got the better of him and he opened up her blouse to look at the bra contraption.&nbsp; Noticing the arrangement of the nipple needles he began some adjustments, pushing each in until it just made contact with the nipple so that each was attacked from four sides. Claire was delerious with pain, helpless in his arms as he played with each pain point, each one drawing out of her a new sound and taking her to a new level of suffering.&nbsp; Adam had decided: if this was what Jarvis meant by doing business together he was signing - no question.









Chapter 8: Owned

"Just a moment" Jarvis called as Claire was about to leave that afternoon.&nbsp; She stopped and turned, mindful of the decision she had made that morning. "Come here a moment please Claire".&nbsp; Reluctantly she walked back into Jarvis's office.
"You did a good job with Adam this afternoon - he has signed the contract"&nbsp; Claire breathed a sigh of relief, perhaps he would reward her in some way, or at least not whip her again.
"So there will be no punishment for you today" said Jarvis "quite the reverse in fact".
Claire had a nasty feeling that this might not be quite as good as it sounded.
"I think you will enjoy what I have in mind, and it will serve two purposes.&nbsp; First of all it will reward you for your work today, and second it will ensure that you come back tomorrow, as I suspect you might be having doubts"
Claire started.&nbsp; How could he know?&nbsp; She had given no indication that she intended to run away tonight and not return.&nbsp; What did he have in mind for her?
"Follow me"&nbsp; Jarvis walked off in the direction of the door that led down to the punishment chamber.
"But ....?!" spluttered Claire
"Oh don't worry, I don't intend to punish you - I just need to prepare you for going home.&nbsp; Come along"
Prepare her?&nbsp; Nervously Claire followed as instructed.
"Stand on the platform where you were whipped last time and take off your clothes" commanded Jarvis
Knowing better than to refuse him again Claire obeyed, standing defenceless and vulnerable.&nbsp; Jarvis approached and attached the same wrist cuffs as she had worn last time, but left her ankles free as he walked over to the control box.&nbsp; With a whirr her wrists were pulled up above her head and she was left dangling and helpless.
"When ladies put on their corsets in the eighteenth century they used to hang from a bar so that they could be tightened", said Jarvis "this is just the same"
He was carrying a heavy leather corset with straps and traditional laces.&nbsp; "This particular corset has metal reinforcements so it can hold you very tight.&nbsp; I know from your clothes that your normal waist size is 24 inches.&nbsp; I have had the corset specially made and it will make you 16 inches around the waist"
"But you said you would reward me ...." whined Claire.
"Don't be such an ungrateful girl - you don't know what I have for you yet" said Jarvis as he started to fix the corset in place, first with the straps and then pulling on the laces.
"Mmmmph" grunted Claire as the device started to get tighter.&nbsp; Working methodically Jarvis tightened up the laces until Claire's waist was a shapely and thin 16 inches, curving in unnaturally from her breasts and out to her hips.
"Now for the fun part".&nbsp; Jarvis produced a strap, similar to the one she had worn during the day with two dildos attached but this time with a much more comfortable looking leather strap.&nbsp; Claire gasped as he expertly inserted the dildos into each orifice and fixed the strap in place, finishing the process with a padlock front and back.&nbsp; Finally he attached a small box to the back of the strap where it met the bottom of the corset.
"Let me explain" said Jarvis as Claire hung before him.&nbsp; " The corset is not too uncomfortable now but it will be very tight when I let you down.&nbsp; You will be able to breathe but it might take a bit of getting used to.&nbsp; The dildos you have inside you can thrust in and out, expanding and contracting, and they can also vibrate to varying intensities.&nbsp; They are connected to a box which is wirelessly controlled by me - as the control works over the cellular network I can operate them from anywhere.&nbsp; I also have some programmed sequences and settings on the controller my end so I don't have to operate it all the time.&nbsp; Oh, one more thing, if you try to remove the device it will set off a special trigger in each dildo which will release a strong acid into your pussy and ass - even removing it quickly, which is pretty much impossible, the acid would have done considerable damage before you could get water onto it.&nbsp; Right, let's get you down"
The motors whined again as Claire came down to the ground.&nbsp; He was right, the corset had been tight but not too bad when she was hanging by her wrists, but as she took the weight on her feet everything changed.&nbsp; The air was pushed out of her lungs and her internal organs fought for position in the new shape of her body
"I can't ......." she panted "ple&nbsp; .....se.&nbsp; Can't bre .....athe"
"Just relax a moment" said Jarvis "it's not a big deal, ladies wore these all the time in the eighteenth century"
Claire panted in short breaths, all she could manage in the restricted space her lungs now had to operate in.&nbsp; At first she panicked but eventually she calmed and, whilst far from comfortable, she could get enough air to survive.
"Now a little test to see if it works" said Jarvis as he pressed some buttons on his hand held control panel.&nbsp; Immediately the pussy dildo began to thrust slowly into her.&nbsp; 
"Ooh!" exclaimed Claire, expanding this to a longer squeal as vibration was added to the gently thrusting dildo.
"Good, that works" said Jarvis as he pressed more buttons, "now let's try this"
The thrusting dildo was replaced by a similar sensation in her ass as the second dildo came to life.
"Excellent.&nbsp; Now here is the good news - you can get dressed in your normal clothes and go home.&nbsp; Do whatever you would normally do: see friends, watch TV, sleep.&nbsp; But remember I have control over your dildos and I can bring you to orgasm any time I choose.&nbsp; Oh and by the way, I see in your diary that you are meeting friends for a drink later on - you are not to cancel - I will know if you do.&nbsp; Now off you go and see you in the morning&nbsp; - that acid switch can go off if you are late for work as well so I would try and be punctual if I were you!"

Claire felt desperate - not only had her plans to run away been thwarted, he was now invading her home life as well.&nbsp; But there were aspects of this that weren't all bad - for one thing she had to find a way of putting an extra fold in her skirt as it was now much too big.&nbsp; When she checked herself in the mirror before leaving she was impressed at her new shape; perhaps these eighteenth century women knew a thing or two she wondered as she left the office.

As she walked down to the bus stop a&nbsp; gentle vibration started in her pussy - mmm, she thought - nice - I can live with this.&nbsp; It didn't increase and was hardly there, just enough to give her a warm feeling.&nbsp; She was getting used to the corset - it was very tight and she had to take short breaths but apart from that it wasn't too uncomfortable.&nbsp; Whilst in the bus queue there was a sudden burst in intensity from her pussy vibrator - Claire let out a small squeal and swallowed it immediately as people turned to look.&nbsp; She looked away and tried to avoid their stares.&nbsp; Throughout the journey home the pattern continued: long periods of gentle humming with occasional intense periods - the overall effect was to make her extremely horny.

Jarvis had told Claire to keep the date with her friends at the pub and she was certainly going to do so.&nbsp; In fact feeling as sexy as she was Claire decided to put a little bit more effort into her appearance this evening: she wanted to make the most of her new figure after all.&nbsp; There was a mini dress that she had not worn before because it was too tight - now it looked great although she did wonder about the length - it really only came to just below crotch level - she would have to be careful to keep her "equipment" covered.

"Wow Claire, you look amazing" said Sarah as she arrived "who's the lucky guy?"
"Oh no-one" said Claire happily "just felt like making an effort"
Soon more of the group arrived and there were seven of them, four girls and three guys, all of whom had complimented Claire on how she looked - she decided she must do this more often.
As soon as they sat down the buzzing in both vibes started, this time accompanied by gentle thrusting.&nbsp; Claire felt herself going red, she shifted in her seat to try and ease the senstation but it made no difference.&nbsp; She was getting hotter and nearer orgasm - surely not here - not in front of them?&nbsp; Claire dashed for the toilets thinking she would have her orgasm in private - but as soon as she got up the buzzing and thrusting stopped.
"Are you OK?" asked Sarah as she returned to the table
"Yeah fine" replied Claire casually as the vibes sprang to life again
The pattern repeated itself but each time Claire was getting closer and closer to orgasm and more and more frustrated.&nbsp; How did it know when to stop - was he watching her?&nbsp; Finally she went off to the toilets, thinking that she could bring herself to orgasm, only to find that she couldn't get her fingertips to her clit, the strap was too wide and tight.
Once again the invaders started doing their work as soon as she sat down.&nbsp; Her friends had stopped talking and were looking at her.&nbsp; The frustration was unbearable, she had to come, she simply had to.&nbsp; But if she stood up again she would be denied yet again.&nbsp; Every bone in her body wanted to run from the staring eyes of her friends but the pumping in her pussy and ass was getting harder and she so wanted it to carry on.&nbsp; As they watched open mouthed she flung herself back on the chair and uttered an animal moan as wave after wave of orgasm crashed through her.
Although immune to their stares for the few seconds she was in the grips of the most powerful orgasm she could remember, reality dawned as she came down from it.
"Sorry" she muttered "I, err ..."
And she fled the room, humiliated that her friends had seen a glimse of what she had become.









Chapter 9 - Humiliation Complete

Claire was wragged the next morning, her public orgasm had been far from her last and several times in the night the invaders sprang to life again and dragged her out of her sleep to yet another shattering orgasm.&nbsp; The lack of sleep had taken its toll and she couldn't concentrate enough to get herself ready, losing her keys and purse and eventually leaving late.

Acutely aware of Jarvis's description of the acid switch in her dildos she ran the last few yards to work, breathlessly staggering in through the door, hair over her face, far from that image of the perfect secretary she had on her first day.&nbsp; But seated at her normal desk was a woman that presented just that image of perfection: a well cut suit, brilliant white blouse - and an icy smile to match, and blonde hair which looked like something from a magazine.
"Oh ..." said the woman, looking at Claire with distain "the trainee I presume"
"Hello" said Claire, "my name's ..."
"I don't care what your name is girl" snapped the woman "Strip!"
Claire just gaped "Wha ...?"
"I won't repeat myself - do it!"
She had to assume that this was some new trick of Jarvis's - to disobey would mean the whip again and she couldn't risk that.&nbsp; Reluctantly she removed her clothes, only leaving the waist and crotch contraption which held her dildos in place.&nbsp; At that point Jarvis came in and started talking through his plans for the day with the woman, neither of them bothering to look at Claire who just stood there, naked.&nbsp; Eventually they finished their conversation and Jarvis looked up at Claire, his gaze taking in every part of her, then wordlessly he walked off.&nbsp; Claire felt wretched, he didn't react at all, just ignored her and left her to this woman.
"Right" said the woman "in case you hadn't realised I am Mr Jarvis's secretary, you are just a bit of entertainment for him, but he is now planning to generously share you with the rest of the company, starting today".&nbsp; Whilst talking the woman was removing the dildo belt.&nbsp; "Now put these on!"
She pointed to a pile of clothes and Claire was mildly surprised - they were much more "normal" than some of the things she had been expected to wear.&nbsp; The skirt was very short, but not indecent, and the white blouse very similar to the one the woman was wearing.&nbsp; There were no panties - but who would know.&nbsp; The bra was an extreme push up variety which was also a size or two too small, making her breasts balloon out over it.&nbsp; But apart from that Claire actually thought she looked rather good.&nbsp; 
"Now lets look at you" said the woman.&nbsp; "Hm!" she said as she undid a couple of the buttons on the blouse and pulled the skirt up a little "quite the little office tart.&nbsp; There will be plenty of interest in you around the offices.&nbsp; Now one more thing" she said, bringing out a small tube of what looked like ointment of some kind.&nbsp; 
"Stand with your legs apart and your hands on your head!"
Claire obeyed and suddenly the womans fingers, plastered in the ointment, were all over her pussy and ass, rubbing it right in and slipping a finger into her ass to make sure.
"Now here is the deal for today.&nbsp; You will run errands for me around all the offices here. The ointment is an extreme itching compound.&nbsp; The urge to scratch your pussy and ass will be unbearable.&nbsp; But you will have to do it in public - you are wearing a sensor which will set off alarms if you attempt to go into the toilets or leave the building.&nbsp; I think having a rather scantily clothed young woman who can't stop touching herself around the office will be wonderful entertainment for everyone don't you?"
As she finished the iching started.&nbsp; Claire wasn't going to give the woman the satisfaction of seeing her touch herself right there and then so tried to ignore it.
"Oh don't worry, it has hardly started yet!&nbsp; Now, take these papers down to the IT department and when you have delivered them come back for more"

Quickly Claire left the room, eager to find somewhere where she could ease the building itch between her legs.&nbsp; But once out of Jarvis's office area she was in an open plan area and there was nowhere private to hide.&nbsp; Even worse, the arrival of a new face, especially one with a very short skirt and a blouse undone several buttons, was already attracting attention.&nbsp; She made her way between the tables with the files in one hand and with her free hand edging down towards her skirt - suddenly she grasped the files with both hands and walked faster.&nbsp; This attracted more interest from around the room but Claire kept her dignity and clutched the files tight - and at last reached the IT department.
"Wait there a moment - I have something for you to take back" said the man who seemed to be in charge "Won't be a sec."
As soon as his back was turned Claire's hand shot down to her pussy, lifting the skirt and rubbing frantically to try and ease the itching.
"Here we are" he said as he returned.&nbsp; Claire only just noticed in time and he gave her an odd look as she brushed her skirt back in to place.&nbsp; Had he seen?&nbsp; "Take these back to Mr Jarvis for me - and tell him I approve"
"Shall I tell him what you approve of?" asked Claire
"Oh ..." he said, looking her up and down slowly "he'll know I'm sure"
As she walked back through the main office the itching was building to unbearable levels.&nbsp; This time as she walked past a filing cabinet she risked slipping a hand down to her ass, she just had to get some relief.&nbsp; 
"Ach-em" she heard a cough behind her.&nbsp; Claire glanced back. A man was right behind her, one of the senior people by the look of his suit.&nbsp; She felt herself reddening - to be seen touching her backside by a man old enough to be her father - the shame of it.&nbsp; But it had felt so good - the itching was getting worse - a little relief was worth the embarassment.&nbsp; She hurried off towards Jarvis's office, aware that he was watching her go.
"You took your time" said the woman "here you are here is the next lot - off to HR with these"
"The man in IT said to tell Mr Jarvis he approves"
"I'm sure he does girl" said the woman "Now get going"
This pattern continued for another five trips, but the itching was getting unbearable.&nbsp; Claire had gone from statching the occasional itch to rubbing herself even when there was a high risk of being seen.&nbsp; She couldn't concentrate and sometimes stumbled when walking, the only thing that mattered was relieving herself.&nbsp; She was getting hot and more and more flustered, forgetting which way to go and blindly pushing past desks, desperate to get two hands to her pussy and ass - she could think of nothing else.
Finally as she ran past a desk an outstretched foot got in her way and she fell hard.&nbsp; The combination of the unbearable itching and the dizzyness from the fall left her disorientated, not having a clear idea of where she was or what she was doing.&nbsp; The only thing that mattered was to stop the itching so involuntarily her hands shot to pussy and ass, fingers probing deep to give her that blessed relief.&nbsp; At last - bliss.&nbsp; Gradually the world came back into focus, as did the faces that now looked down at her - laid out like a slut, skirt pulled up&nbsp; fingers buried deep in her pussy and ass, rubbing herself for all to see.
There was silence in the office as she walked back through it - her humiliation complete - understanding for the first time that she was now owned by the whole office, not just Jarvis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





