BDSM Library - Serving Her




Serving Her
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A slave serves his Mistress one evening






Ever observant you watch Her, waiting for a clue to what she needs. Careful to avert your gaze so as not to annoy Her. As you watch, there it is, a hint of strain accross Her forhead, tension along Her jaw as she revises her work at Her desk. She sighs, and shuts down the computer.
"Ma'am? Is everything alright?"
"No, I'm cold and in pain," She says as She heads towards the bedroom.
"Bring me some Tylenol and water" She quietly demands and gets ready for bed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Unsure as to wether you're supposed to follow in with out being permitted to watch Her undress you wait in the hall. As you listen for the telltale creaking of the bed, you wonder what has happened to bring Her pain. When you feel that She is clothed and in bed you enter Her sanctuary.
"Thank you" she replies when you hand Her your offering.
After She takes the medication you whisk the glass away to the kitchen and return to kneel at Her bedside.
"Come and lay with Me" She requests.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While you have no pleasure in Her pain, you silently rejoice at this rare occasion to be beside Her. As you lay prone on your side, you breathe Her in, filling your senses and memory with Her scent. Lovely and floral, with roses and plumeria at the forefront, and Her own unique, tantalizing odor mixed in the undertones.
"Hold me pet, and share your body heat. I'm freezing." She requests.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gladly you oblige, having Her in your arms is a rare treat indeed. Thinking warm frenzied thoughts as Her body touches yours, you must keep yourself in check. She's hurting and you're providing comfort. Nothing more, She would be angry if your mind started running rampant. But it's so hard! Having Her right there, wanting to love Her, needing to please Her you do your utmost to control your basic urges. A shock of&nbsp; cold hits you as She places Her feet between you fiery calves.
"Ahhh, so nice" She sighs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Your heart burst as you realize you've pleased Her. Slowly you start to rub your calves lightly against Her beautiful feet, warming them more with gentle friction.
"you may sleep with Me tonight" she declares.
So happy are you that your head starts to swim. Never before have you been allowed to sleep with Her. Pleasure Her, yes, but then it was back to your rightful place on the carpet. Awaiting a need that She might have.
"But don't get any ideas, I don't want your nasty little dick rubbing me while I sleep. Understand?" She orders. "If you get a boner, you keep it the hell away from Me."
"Yes Ma'am" you almost stutter.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That came out of nowhere,... or did it? Maybe if you had been paying attention She wouldn't have needed to have an outburst to keep you in line. But now that she has said it, it's all you can think about. Having your cock touch Her, pressed up against Her you can't concentrate on being chaste. Feeling an erection start to rise because you can keep your pitiful little mind in check, you pull away from Her slightly. Tonight there will be little sleep for you, but it's most definitely worth it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As She feels you slowly inching your lower half away, She smiles. Yes, even in pain She can torture your mind. What better way than by presenting in full force what you desire most, but denying it to you?
Hours later, with Her soft even breathing as your lullaby, you fall into sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sometime later you awake, She's changed positions in Her sleep. As you adjust to make it more comfortable for Her, you end up on your back with Her arms and leg thrown possessively over you. Her thigh grazes your groin, a sharp intake of breath as you become almost instantly erect. What are you supposed to do? If you move she'll wake up, and She needs Her sleep. But if you don't you'll be breaking a rule that she just placed, not hours before. Attempting to free yourself without waking Her, She shifts again. Which means another graze, this time with more pressure. How is it that She can be so alluring even in sleep? A groan almost escapes your lips as She finally settles down. Once again you let the sound of Her breathing calm you into sleep.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Morning comes and with it the realization that you've slept in Her bed. Nothing could please you more, short of pleasing Her more that is. It's Saturday, Her day off, and as you look at the clock you realize you've woken yourself up early. A little gift you've unconsciously given yourself, you just stare at Her beauty, so thankful that She found you deserving to be Hers. Etching in every minute detail of her wondrous face before you start the day. Her eyelids flutter open as you take Her in. Caught in the act you avert your gaze, and wonder how she'll react.
"Were you staring at me?" She inquires softly.
"Yes Ma'am, I'm sorry if i have offended, i just... i just couldn't help myself" you state, knowing full and well what lying to Her will get you.
"Come here" She demands and opens up Her arms.
Dumbfounded, you do as your told and take refuge in Her sweet yet powerful frame. She hugs you and then stretches with a yawn. as She settles back into the sheets She tells you, "Last night was nice, but don't get used to it"
"Yes Ma'am"
"I want you to pleasure Me now" She says staring into your soul it seems.
"Yes Ma'am" you excitedly get on your knees on the bed and begin with Her feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taking one of these divine appendages into your hands you massage and lightly breathe onto it. At the arch of Her foot you softly kiss Her. Then you run your tongue up the side of Her foot and take Her big toe slightly into your mouth where you tug gently at it. You start placing small, slightly wet kisses up the top of&nbsp; Her foot. Making your way up Her calves you massage and kiss every inch of skin that you are allowed to touch. At Her upper thigh you pause waiting for permision, an eternity passes or so it seems, and She tells you,"Say it."
"Please Ma'am, will you allow me to pleasure your pussy?" you beg, a whiny tone comes out in your voice as you struggle to contain yourself. It has been 5 weeks since you've been allowed an orgasm. And 10 days since She's allowed you to please Her.
"How bad do you want it?" She inquires with an mischievous grin on Her face
"Please Ma'am, i want nothing more than to please You. I need to help you cum, like i need to breathe." you beg.
"Hmmm, a little melodramatic, but you may please me, regrdless" She allows.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; First all you can do is stare at it, so sensual and tantalizing She has been teaching you patience and now you are trying to show Her that you've been learning. As you gaze upon Her mound, you mouth waters. "Thank You Ma'am,..so much" the last part is just a whisper. Blowing hot moist air at Her like you're fogging up a mirror. Kissing Her at the top of Her slit and then separating with your tounge. You lavish Her with your mouth, teasing slowly like She instructed. Sucking gently at the clit before delving into Her pussy for a taste of Her sweet juices. As your mouth is working so are your hands, creeping up Her ribs, trailing along the underside of Her breasts.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She starts to sigh with pleasure at all you're doing to Her and it's hard to contain yourself. you want to be everywhere all at once, but it's never been about what you want. It's always been Her, She lovingly dictates and guides you into you submissiveness.
"I'm ready for your dick" She commands, and you shudder.
"Ma'am?" you ask
"It stays on, you knew it before you even started to ask." She answers. Cutting off your plea to take off the cock ring She put on you since She demanded you be chaste. Inwardly you whimper, knowing the sensations are going to be so intense because of everything combined. Afraid you'll fail Her and spill your seed before She grants you permission, or even worse, before she cums.
With a deep breath to steel yourself, you enter Her, hot, wet, and tight beyond imagination. Slowly with just the head of your penis you penetrate Her, just how She likes it. She knows this will be a true test to your limits as She teases your senses with soft moans of pleasure. Moving an inch or so at a time, you finally get your cock all the way into Her. When it's finally buried to the hlt within Her you shudder and a moan escapes your lips. Then She smiles at you, with hooded eyes filled with pleasure and cheeks flushed. And you realize that you will go whatever distance she demands, for as long as it is humanly possible to prove to Her how much you adore Her. With your resolve strengthened you begin to thrust fully, while you bend over Her breasts and give them the attention they desrve. Flicking your tounge against Her nipples, suckling from them gently, and grazing your teeth against them. As you start to thrust faster and harder you hear Her moan louder and then she says,"Talk to Me"
"Yes Ma'am..."
"Tell Me about My pussy, how good it feels, how much you love it" She demands.
And you are only too happy to comply,"Ma'am, your pussy is so beautiful, I love how it feels in my hand, on my toungue, surrounding my dick. It smells so good, musky and powerful, like you are. It taste so sweet, I love when you let me taste your pussy. It my favorite thing of all, sucking on your clit and feeling you shudder as I do what please you." you tell Her, speaking from your heart.
Her pussy tightens around you as you speak, bringing Her very close to Her climax. you start to breathe very heavy now, fighting your own orgasm while trying to bring Her closer to Hers.
She's panting now too, as She stands on the brink, waiting for you to bring Her all the way.
"Ma'am?" you question, and She tells you "Not yet pet,.mmmmm....have patience"
This time a whimper escapes as you fight your losing battle. As the sound of your inner turmoil slides over her ear She shudders and begins to climax. Your soft, yet tortured cry bringing Her release. On Her first spasm of ecstasy She pants "Granted!" And you spill over, not only having the best orgasm of your life, but having the pleasure doubled by a simultaneous climax. Her body still racked with release, convulses on your throbbing dick making every move ten times more intense. Sounds fades out as you both spiral up, the screams of joy you make fall on each others deaf ears. Lights like fireworks explode before your closed eyes. Sensations you've never felt before burst into life every where on your body. The sides of your neck, fingertips, lips come together as your allowed a kiss.
As the sensations ebb away, you both float back down to Earth. Breathing heavily She tells you,"Well done, My pet." And smiles to add, "I'm hungry. I'll be out of the shower in thirty minutes" She gets up and says,"You know what I like..." 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:       Pixie Stick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





