BDSM Library -  Meeting Her




 Meeting Her
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A pet, meets his long time online Mistress. And fun ensues!






 There's a note sitting at his desk, in it reads, "Meet Me at the hotel after work" His heart begins to race, his breathing shallow, he knew this day would come. He'll finally meet Her, the one he's called Mistress for over a year. Pictures and phone calls, emails and Im's, it all culminated into tonight.&nbsp; So now he had to cancel his plans for this evening, easy enough. She had told him when ever they met that he need only bring himself and make sure he was wearing a tie, She loved them for some reason. He had been carrying around a lime green tie in his glove box, just in case, ever since they'd had begun talking about meeting.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Work dragged on relentless, it took him far too much time to finish an assignment because now he couldn't concentrate on anything but Her. "What would She do to me?" "How will She be?" "Will She still deem me worthy after meeting in person?" All these thoughts and more raced thru his head.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally work was done, he raced over to the hotel they had specified before. He looked himself over in the visor mirror, cheeks flushed and hair windswept. He ran his hands thru his hair trying to get some style, straightened his glasses and stepped out of the car. "Damn it!" he whispered and had to unlock the car to get his tie out of the glove box. After a couple attempts he finally got it situated.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He walked tru the lobby and it hit&nbsp; him, She never told him what room! At that moment his phone vibrated. He read the text waiting for him, "Room 103" was all it said. Sometimes it felt like they were so connected they could sense each others needs and emotions.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He found room 103 and knocked on the door. "Enter" she called. He took a deep breath and opened the door. The room was dim, shades drawn and lights off so that the only light came sifting thru the dark curtains. There She stood, looking at him with some unreadable emotion. He didn't know if She was pleased, disappointed, or indifferent. She continued to stare at him with Her chocolate brown eyes, rimmed lightly in black. Her dark hair a mass of waves framing Her face, caressing Her cheeks. She wasn't dressed the way he had expected, all in black with leather wrapping Her body. Instead She had on a black blazer, and a pair of jeans, not what he was thinking at all.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Is that any way to greet your Mistress, pet?" she asked him.
"Oh crap!" he thought as he immediately dropped to his knees. "I apologize, Mistress" he said with his head bowed in embarrassment.
 "Not to worry," She replied,"But let's not make that a habit, hmm?"
"Yes, Ma'am" he replied quietly. She walked over to him, and ran her fingers thru his hair. She stroked his face down to his neck and ran her fingers along his tie.
"Look at this!" she said as She held up his tie to inspect. "Not only did you remember, but it's My favorite color, good boy."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She tugged on his tie slightly making him look up at Her. She continued pulling on his tie, until it became slightly uncomfortable. He kept his hands on his thighs even though he wondered what She was doing. The tightness around his neck increased.
"Stand" she ordered. He stood up, shoulders back.
"Undress" she demanded releasing his tie. He quickly dispensed of his clothing, standing still awaiting Her next command. She circled his naked form. Inspecting him, taking in every detail of his body. When she came back into his view she has taken off Her blazer and jeans. Revealing a dark red and black lace corset, with black satin panties and thigh high, black stockings. She stood before him and placed Her hair into a low pony tail, off to the side of her head. The waves now caressing Her shoulder and leaving one bare.
"Kneel", she commanded him. He knelt before Her once again, staring at this beauty who had decided to claim him as Her own.
"I've been waiting for this moment for so long, My pet." she told him. "I thought this day would never come"
"I can't believe I'm really here, Mistress" he said, "It feels like I'm dreaming"
"Oh, don't worry" she said with a grin, "You'll soon see this is no dream."
"Pleasure Me pet," she sighed, adding "Start at My feet and work your way up."
He began kissing Her black, spiked high heels, stroking Her ankles as he did so.
"Take them off" she said
As he slid them free of the shoes, he kissed and nuzzled every part of Her feet. Feeling satisfied with his work he began upwards to Her calf. Leaving a trail of kisses as He worked his way up to Her thigh. "May I?" he asked as he stopped close to the apex of Her thighs.
"Yes" she said and closed Her eyes in anticipation.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He got very close to Her, bretahing Her in. He kissed Her thru Her panties on that most intimate spot. Hand shaking, he reached up and slid the panties off. Kissing every inch of skin that was now exposed. He continued loving Her, licking, sucking on Her bud gently. She spread Her legs wider for better access, and as he did he slid a finger inside.
"Mmmmmm" she sighed with pleasure. Soon Her sighs turned into moans, as he took Her closer and closer to the edge. Hearing Her pleasure, feeling Her body tremble beneath his mouth and hands had him on the edge of an orgasm himself. Finally, after what seemed like just minutes She came. Releasing Her pleasure into his waiting mouth. He lapped up Her juices happily.
"Oh my" she stated quietly, "You're a very good boy aren't you?"
"I hope so Mistress" was all he could think of to say.
 She delicately stepped out of Her panties completely and took him by the hand. She led him to the bed, and instructed him to get on his hands and knees on it. After he complied, she took handcuffs and cuffed each hand to the bed post.
"Now, let's have some fun shall we?" she said with a smile in Her voice.
He wondered at what She was going to do next. He heard a strange noise, soft scraping, like material on skin, metal clinking. He had almost turned around when she said, "Now be good and still pet"
He felt a touch on the back of his thighs making him tremble.
"What can I do to this lovely butt you have?" she said caressing it, then spanking it.
"Oh!" he said startled.
"Are you ready pet?" she asked him.
"Yes Ma'am" he said without question.
"Do you trust Me?" she asked seriously.
"Always" he answered.
"Good", she said and then added, "You'll feel some pressure, don't tense up. Just relax"
He felt something cold and slick slide around his rim.
"What?" he asked jumping a bit
"I said be STILL" she commanded him
Immediately he responded, being as still as possible as Her finger explored him. The pressure was actually nice, he started feeling aroused. He could feel his dick start to grow under him. Then she was inside him, it was weird, not like what he's expected at all. He wasn't sure if he like it or not when he felt another finger enter him. She started moving them, in and out very slowly. Gauging his reactions, seeing if he liked it. After a few minutes She asked him,"Is this enjoyable pet? Do you like it? Does this make you hott?"
"Yes Mistress" he answered, he couldn't help himself anymore and began to moan with pleasure. He'd never felt anything like this, so good! He couldn't escape, nor did he want to. While he was enjoying Her fingers, she was holding the strap-on with Her other hand positioning it just right. He felt He leave him, and wondered what was next. She rubbed the dildo attached to Her around his rim. He felt pressure, but not like before, this was extreme. She slowly entered him and he had to use every once of will not to scream and buck away from Her. Once She was completely inside She started to withdraw slowly, only to enter him again.
"Do you like this pet? Hmm? Does it still feel good?" she asked him.
"It hurts!" he whined
She gave a soft laugh and said, "Well, thank your Mistress anyway pet, no need to be rude."
"Thank you Mistress, for fucking me" he said pitifully.
"Oh come now, you can do better than that." she said as she slid completely inside him, Her hips meeting his buttocks.
"Mistress, your humble slave thanks you for the pleasure you are giving, thru the pain I only wish to please You as you have done me" he said, hoping it was almost over
"Much better" she said picking up the pace.
As the pain subsided, a strange pleasure took its place. He could feel his anus tightening around the strap-on. He could feel his dick growing large again, getting harder.
"See? I knew a dirty little boy like you would just love a good ass fucking." she commented.
She slid Her hand from on his hip to wrap around his dick, stroking it. Pumping in unison with Her hips, picking up the pace yet again until he came. Spilling himself all over the sheets and his stomach.
She pulled out of him and removed the strap-on.
"You know what? All that work got Me hungry" she said and got dressed. As she walked out the door leaving him naked, cuffed, and helpless she said," Don't yell, it's unbecoming" and waved to his backside as She shut the door.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:       Pixie Stick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





