BDSM Library - A Drive




A Drive
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     I go for a drive and my car breaks down. Two men offer to help in more ways than one.






A Drive 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I am driving down a street where homes are a little distance apart and my car breaks down. I walk up to the nearest house and am about to knock on the door when I notice through the window that there is a porn movie on and two guys watching...I can just see their heads, they are sitting next to each other. I imagine that they are on the couch with their cocks in their hands watching the girl on the movie get pounded by two guys. I really need help with my car situation, but this doesn&#8217;t seem like the best time to knock on the door.
I turn and walk back down the driveway as I am a woman alone and this seems like a bad time to knock. I get back to my car and am considering my options when a man walks out of the house and approaches me. I don't want to mention what I saw, so I play it cool. He asks if everything is ok and I tell him that my car broke down. He offers to pull it in and take a look. I say ok and him and his friend push it up the driveway. They mess with it for a minute and ask me if I would grab them a beer from in the house. I agree and walk in. The porn is still on and I stop and look to see what they are watching. I begin to get turned on by it and lose track of time and next thing I know I feel someone behind me. I freeze where I am and wonder how long I've been in there. The guy behind me moves closer and puts his hand on my side. When I don't freak out, he moves it up until his hand is on my shoulder and then over my breast. He notices that my nipple is hard and stops there for a second before moving to my other breast. He is right behind me and I can feel his breath on my neck. I feel his hands on my breast and am very turned on. I am a little nervous, but that is being overpowered by my lust. He cups my breast and pulls me close to him and I can feel his hard cock through his jeans. I moan as he puts his hand under my shirt and begins to play roughly with my nipples. He nibbles on my ear and I can't take my eyes off the porn playing in front of me. I reach behind me to feel his bulge when I hear someone else enter the room. 
He feels me pull away a little as I am suddenly very embarrassed at my behavior and a little nervous. He immediately places his hand between my legs, pulls me back, and whispers that everything is cool, his friend will be totally into it too. His confidence and ability to assert himself turns me on even more. I love the way his hand is rubbing my pussy from outside my pants and get even wetter at the thought of his friend watching me move with his stroking.
His friend walks in between me and the TV. He looks at me and then at his friend as a little smile starts to show on his face. I am so turned on that I am rocking my hips with the motion of his friend's hand. The second guy walks up close to me, grabs the bottom of my shirt, and pulls it off of me. He then removes my bra. His friend stops rubbing me and I moan and press my ass against his bulge. He reaches around and unbuttons my pants. His friend pulls my pants and panties down and puts his hand against my hot, wet, pussy. He just rests it there and I start rocking my hips and moving to get him to let me get off, I am so close. He smiles and tells me that I can't cum until they do.
 This makes me even wetter and I let out a little moan. He smiles wider and tells me to get onto my knees. I am on my knees and aware of my nakedness and submission as the smiling guy steps forward still fully clothed. He takes off his shirt and tells me to kiss his cock through his jeans. I do as he tells me and kiss all over his bulge. He unbuttons his jeans and lets them fall and stands there in his boxers. He tells me to lick his dick through the fabric and I do. This is turning me on so much and I want so much to just taste his cock and feel it in my mouth.
He steps back and removes his boxers. I see the other guy sitting naked on the couch and he tells me that it is his turn. I go over, get on the floor and take the head of his penis into my mouth. I lick and kiss it like I am making out with it. I run my tongue under the head as I stroke his shaft. He makes a little grunting sound as I do this and I am even more turned on. I take more of his cock in my mouth and begin to massage his balls. I can tell that he likes this as he puts his hand on my head and begins to push his cock in and out of my mouth faster. After a few seconds he lets go and I lick down his shaft. I start to lick his balls and rub his dick. He moves down on the couch so that I can take his balls in my mouth. I lick up behind his balls and he tells me that he is getting close to cumming. He sits back and as I lean forward to take his cock in my mouth, he stops me.
 He asks if I want to suck his cock again and I say "yes" quietly.
 He pulls me closer and stops me just before I can suck him and says "yes, what?"
 I say "yes, please." 
He smiles and tells me to open my mouth. I do and he puts one hand on my head and the other on his dick and rubs it all over my face as I try to lick it. He laughs and tells me that I like his big dick and that if I want to taste his cum that I have to ask. I ask him to please cum in my mouth, please let me suck his dick. He pushes his cock in my mouth and fucks it until he cums.

After he cums in my mouth I hear his friend tell me to sit on the couch with my legs open so that they can get a good look at my pussy. I do as he says and feel so self conscious like that. This is clearly his goal. He is standing up and watching me with a grin on his face as he strokes his cock. I can't keep my eyes off of his dick and I am still soaking wet waiting for release. His friend has left the room and we are alone. He walks over to the couch and starts to play with my tits. He grabs one and massages it and then the other. He pinches my nipples and I moan. My hips are moving while he plays with my nipples harder. He tells me to get on all fours on the couch. I do and he moves behind me. He slaps my ass and then my pussy. He then moves in front of me as his friend re-enters the room. He tells me to kiss his cock and I do excitedly. His friend rubs one finger over my pussy and I am rubbing against him and moaning. I am so close! The guy in front of me pulls back and watches his friend put his finger in my ass crack and work it into my asshole as I tell him that it hurts. He tells me that if I let him work on my asshole a little bit that he will let me cum in a second and it will be even better. He moves his other hand against my pussy and says "unless you want me to stop?"
I say no, don't stop and his whole finger goes in my ass. His friend turns around on the couch so that his ass is facing me and moves back until I start licking behind his balls and into his ass. He is moaning and I am getting used to the finger in my ass and moving back and forth on it. It hurts, but I find myself liking it. The finger pulls out for a second and I feel something cold against my ass. I am about to protest, but it is getting pushed in and stretching me and at the same time he is rubbing my clit. It hurts so much and the guy is telling me that it is a butt plug and I will thank him later for stretching me out now. I can't tell him to stop or he won't let me cum so I let him do it while I tongue the other guys ass. The plug is in and I am cumming hard pushing back against his hand. 
After I cum, the man in front of me turns back around and tells me to suck his cock. I am licking and sucking it for a couple of minutes when he cums all over my face and in my mouth. The guy who put in my butt plug tells me to get up and walk into the bedroom and not to let that plug fall out or he will have to put in a bigger one. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walk into the bedroom slowly being very aware of my nakedness and my ass being filled. I find a large bed against a wall and across from it is a chair in the corner of the room. He instructs me to lie down on the bed on my back and he blindfolds me. I let out a little whimper because my body weight is pushing the plug in further. He tells me that the pain won&#8217;t last long and to open my legs. I open them and he begins to gently touch my clit and then move his hands around my thighs. I am turned on again and want him to fuck me so bad! As if he can read my mind he is suddenly hovering over me and I feel his breath on my nipple. I feel his cock against my thigh and I try to move so that it touches my hot, ready pussy. He tells me to wait until I have permission and pinches my nipple hard. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I scream out as it hurt me and I hear him laugh and tell me to not be so bold next time or he will put a clothespin on my nipples. I lay still and he asks me what I want him to do. I tell him that I want him to put his big cock in my pussy. I want him to fuck me until he cums. He asks me why I want it and why he should give it to me. I tell him that I am a little slut and I want to be fucked by a man I just met. I tell him that I did as he told me and let him plug my asshole. I beg him to fill me up and let me cum. I tell him that I am so turned on that I want to be fucked and I will even suck off his friend again while he is fucking me.&nbsp; He asks me if I want his dick in my ass like a good slut and as he asks he rubs his dick up and down my slit. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I whisper that I will take his cock in my ass to please him so that he will let me cum. He gets up and tells me to flip over onto my stomach. I do and I he removes the butt plug! I am tense because I am afraid that the little plug will be replaced by his cock and he tells me to relax it isn&#8217;t time yet. I feel his hand rubbing around my asshole and then up to my wet pussy. He takes something out of a bed stand and then I feel it rubbing against my ass. It feels bigger than the butt plug, but smaller than his cock. He rubs the tip of&nbsp; it up between my legs and over my pussy. I am rubbing against it and then he pulls it away. I hear something wet and then he tells me to get up onto my knees. I get on my knees and he puts his dick into my pussy! I am pushing back against him and moaning. He puts himself in and out twice and then pulls out. While I am shaking from anticipation he shoves the object that he had been teasing me with up my asshole. It is twice the size of the earlier one and I cry out. He puts his dick back into my pussy and asks who owns my my ass. I tell him quietly that he does and he tells me to thank him for filling my little whore holes up. I thank him. He pulls out and tells me that I am ungrateful. He says that I begged to be fucked and then showed no enthusiasm and didn&#8217;t even thank him without being asked. I say that I&#8217;m sorry and I am grateful and I love being fucked by his big cock and that he owns my ass and my pussy and I should have thanked him sooner. He tells me that he has to think about whether or not to accept my apology. He hits a switch on my but plug and it begins to vibrate gently. He tells me to lay on my back again. I do as he asks. He says that he will be leaving the room and I am not allowed to touch myself or move from the bed. He walks out. Time has no real meaning, but at least 20 minutes pass and I am dripping wet still and the vibration is just short of getting me off.
I lay there and wait a while longer and I hear someone enter the room. They sound like they are sitting in the chair and then I hear nothing else. I am wondering who is sitting in the chair and what they are doing. I feel self conscious, but also turned on by the thought of him watching me on the bed. Time passes slowly and I feel like an hour has passed. I&#8217;m not sure how much more of this I can take. I hear someone else enter the room. He tells me to open my legs so that he can see my wet cunt. I do as he says. I am now lying so that the person in the chair has a clear view of my naked pussy. I hear the other person walk next to the bed and begin to pull on my nipples. The harder that he pulls the more turned on I am. I move my hips and he responds by putting his foot on my hip and pressing down. He tells me to stay still and slaps my tits hard. He puts his foot against my pussy and I moan. He tells me that I can use his foot to get off, but then I must lick it clean afterward.
To be continued.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;





Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Darkcanister


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





