BDSM Library - Only the Beginning




Only the Beginning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Evan, upon discovering Anna's 'little kink', forces her to explore humiliation, much to her pain and pleasure.






Only the Beginning

Evan always took too long when he was dressing to go out and this had always really irritated his girlfriend, Anna.&nbsp; Anna grew up without much money and with only an older brother so she had always been what she considered more practical in terms of dressing - functional and comfortable instead of girly or stylish, or least of all 'elegant', a look she had always associated with pretentious rich women.&nbsp; She did silently appreciate men who knew how to dress well - a sense of power and security seemed to come from it.&nbsp; She associated sneakers and tshirts and cargo shorts with lazy young men she had attended school with, men who seemed to expect her to take charge in the bedroom - girl on top, blowjobs, and big breasts.&nbsp; Anna herself was thin and fit with doe-like eyes, a small waist and a round, high bottom.&nbsp; She had moved in with Evan a couple of months ago.

Initially his small demands - that her pubic hair always be shaved, for example - irritated her a lot, but he spoiled her terribly and didn't mind the tradeoff too much.&nbsp; Eventually she hardly thought about it anymore.&nbsp; Evan was five years older than Anna and she didn't know why but it excited her a lot of times to think about it.&nbsp; She was only 21 and she daydreamed often than she was younger- sometimes much younger - and had fallen into Evan's skillful hands so early.&nbsp; Once he had asked her what she was thinking about, as her eyes had stopped following the lines in her book.&nbsp; She blushed and was elusive but he pressed gently until she revealed the excitement she felt in imagining she was a young girl.&nbsp; She was embarassed to say so, but she guessed she must like the humiliation and the idea that she was being used by him, made to feel naughty.&nbsp; Evan smiled and she had asked him what was so funny, but he was inscrutable.&nbsp; She had no clue what he thought of the idea.&nbsp; Until that night.

He had told her they were going somewhere together, but not where.&nbsp; Evan was dressed and Anna thought she was, too; she didn't look particularly dressy but the purple tube top and dark jeans she wore had been some of his preference in terms of what she wore casually and the color of the top brought out the reds in her long auburn hair.&nbsp; When Evan saw her, he smiled.

"Oh, princess, don't wear that.&nbsp; I've got something else for you to wear," he said.

Anna frowned.&nbsp; She didn't care much fussy clothes and felt a little offended that her own clothes had not met his bar of expectation.&nbsp; But his heart was in the right place and when he handed her the box, her love of presents and genuine sense of appreciation overcame her misgivings almost immediately.&nbsp; In the box was a pink romper, white undies with rows and rows of frills, white knee socks and two pink ribbons.&nbsp; As a child, Anna's favorite game had been dressup, and she was amused by the contents of the box, but confused as well.&nbsp; "You want me to wear this .. out?"

"Let me help you," Evan replied.&nbsp; "You get undressed and I'll be right back."

Anna was blushing but felt a little aroused by the outfit.&nbsp; It looked awfully young and some vestige of her youth remained in her, despite the poorness, yearning wistfully for the bows and dresses and trappings that the other little girls had always had.&nbsp; She unzipped and pulled the tight jeans off of her body, pulled the top over her head and took off her underwear.&nbsp; Not seeing a bra in the box, she left hers, a black lace bra that hugged her breasts tightly.&nbsp; She stood in the room, uncertain, until Evan got back.&nbsp; He held a brush and was smiling to see her, standing in the cold room, having followed his orders, her nipples rosy, her body lean and lovely.&nbsp; And all his.

He sat on the bed and beckoned to her.&nbsp; She approached him shyly, embarassed that he might know how aroused she was by the ridiculous costume.&nbsp; He sat her on his lap, feeling her legs stretch around him and the soft warmth of her naked pussy snug against him.&nbsp; "You don't need this," he said, unhooking her bra.

"But there's not another one in the box," she protested.

"You have a perfect perky chest anyway," he responded, "you don't need one."&nbsp; He kissed each one, as if to illustrate his point, and then helped her into the romper, which buttoned up in the back.&nbsp; When she realized this she flushed, again, slowly.&nbsp; It was also too small - he knew her size and she knew he must have planned it.&nbsp; The&nbsp; material pulled at her crotch and whenever she moved the fabric rubbed on the soft wet spot of the new ruffled panties.&nbsp; He brushed her hair and braided it in pigtails.&nbsp; Then he stepped back to examine his work.&nbsp; She looked lovely, awkward, coltish- she was obviously uncomfortable in the outfit and her nipples poked through the thin material at the chest.&nbsp; The ruffles on her underwear were plainly visible under the fabric of the bottom.&nbsp; She watched him looking at her, squirming slightly, and said,

"I can't go out in this, Evan, I-"

"Not Evan.&nbsp; And you will go out in it."

She wanted to be outraged, wanted to argue, but something in his tone left no room for arguments.&nbsp; 

"But Evan-"

"-Sir."&nbsp; He corrected.&nbsp; "Good little girls call their elders sir.&nbsp; Now go get in the car, princess, and I'll be right out."

--

They got to the restaurant and Anna was full of shame at the stares she received.&nbsp; Several women were shaking their heads - the men seemed unable to look away.&nbsp; Anna tried to slump a little under the table.&nbsp; Evan ordered her to drink all of the tall glass of water before she could start her meal, and she did so.&nbsp; Even drinking the water seemed to turn her on.&nbsp; His approval seemed to be stroking her without him actually touching her, and the sensations in her pussy were driving her crazy.&nbsp; She ate most of her meal and then drank another glass of water.&nbsp; He bought her a huge slice of chocolate cake and she ate all of it, thoroughly reveling in the fun of this almost ordinary evening.&nbsp; She was saying something along those lines to him on the way home and he laughed lightly.

"Tonight hasn't even started, sweetheart," he said to her, and she had trouble not squirming in the seat again.

By the time she got home, the water had done its track and Anna headed toward the bathroom.&nbsp; Evan caught her by the wrist.

"I have to go to the bathroom, I'll be back in just a sec," she said, trying to shake his hand off to no avail.

"Good little girls ask permission," he said.

"Can I go?" she asked, sounding contemptuous.

"No," he laughed.&nbsp; "You'll have to do better than that."

She yanked against his grip, and giggled in spite of herself.&nbsp; "Let go!"

He shook his head.

She mimed stepping on his foot, and he raised his eyebrows, daring her.&nbsp; She did so, seeing the look on his face, took off into the living room.&nbsp; He wasn't running, but she was cornered, and he had her in two heartbeats.&nbsp; He twisted her thin wrists up behind her back and forced her over his knee on the couch.

"I...&nbsp; I'm sorry sir," she said, but was still pleased with herself.&nbsp; She knew that she had not caused him any real pain.&nbsp; But then the real pain came to her.

The impact of his hand on her round ass surprised her.&nbsp; Before she had time to collect her wits, another slap had followed and she felt flushed with warmth, especially between her legs.

"Please, sir, I said-"

Smack, smack, smack.&nbsp; She was whimpering.

"And how bad is my bad girl?"&nbsp; He sounded slightly out of breath, although he was strong and perfectly in shape.&nbsp; She released how aroused he was when she felt the hard bulge beneath her from his lap.&nbsp; 

"Not bad, sir-"

Smack, smack.&nbsp; "Still lying to me, though," he said.&nbsp; He unbuttoned her romper and slid it down to her ankles.&nbsp; The rush of cool air made Anna's nipples hard and she felt acutely exposed with her ass in the air and her pigtails brushing the ground.&nbsp; She moaned a little in spite of herself.

"Let's just see, shall we?&nbsp; See if you're a good girl?"

He was tying her wrists together, tightly, a little too tightly, it almost hurt - but the pain felt good now and she whined a little.&nbsp; She felt his hand move down the small of her back, down, down, til his hand cupped her hot pussy.&nbsp; She moaned again and pressed herself into his hand- she knew he could feel the heat and wetness through the panties.

"Oh, see?&nbsp; What a bad girl...&nbsp; You've made such a mess of your new underwear, it's soaked."

With the word 'soaked', her need to urinate resurfaced and she began to struggle.&nbsp; He stopped that with four or five smacks applied to her bare butt and she breathed heavily, accepting the situation, defeated, aroused.&nbsp; "Please, sir, please..." she begged.

"Please, what?"

"Please let me go use the restroom."

"No, my little girl, I think this should be your punishment."

"PLEASE," she begged.&nbsp; "Please, please, sir, master, pleeease..."

He carried her to the center of the floor and pulled a large ball gag from a bag on the hearth.&nbsp; He put it into her mouth just as the tears started to roll down her face.&nbsp; He tied her ankles together and then rubbed the wet spot on her underwear with his fingers.&nbsp; She moaned around the ball and squirmed furiously, but he held her down easily with his other hand.&nbsp; She surrendered to his stroking.

"Tell me what a dirty, bad little girl you are, try to tell me through that gag," he commanded her.

"Mmmf mmm...&nbsp; mm nn..."&nbsp; she tried.

She was nearing orgasm but his fingers left her suddenly.&nbsp; He was untying her bonds.

"Get on your hands and knees in front of me," he ordered.

She did so.

"Arch your back... higher," he directed, and she obeyed.

"Now spread yourself open for me."

She blushed deep red - she was a little bashful about her body and had never done that before.

She hesitated and then lowered her face and chest to the ground, ass in the air, using her hands to pull her pussy open for him.

"What a dirty little girl...&nbsp; I'm going to clean you up, and I don't want you to make a sound, do you understand me?&nbsp; If you complain, I'll know what a bad little girl you are, and I want you to be a good girl."

She nodded, still holding her tight pussy open for him with her fingers.

He spit onto it and then began to rub her clit vigorously.&nbsp; Her body quavered and she was doing everything in her power not to make a sound.&nbsp; Little whimpers escaped her but he either didn't notice or didn't mind.

She unintentionally moaned and suddenly his cock rammed into the tight little hole.

Bad... girl...&nbsp; Tell me... you're... a bad... girl - he pronounced the words with each thrust, deliberately paced, deep, and hard.

She cried out.&nbsp; "I'm a bad girl...&nbsp; I'm a bad girl!"

He leaned over her and began to fuck her harder and faster, his right hand clamped over her mouth and she felt near crying in pleasure and shame.&nbsp; She smelled her wetness all over his hand and as if he could read her thoughts, his fingers forced their way into her mouth as she rocked under the force of his powerful thrusts.

"Suck", he told her, and she greedily sucked the taste of her pussy from his fingers.&nbsp; She had to pee so badly, it was so painful.&nbsp; He came in her and she rolled over, her sopping sex dripping with her wetness and his own.&nbsp; "I need to go..." she sniffled, but he pinioned her arms behind her back again and then spread her legs.

"No, little girl..." he said.&nbsp; "We haven't even gotten to your punishment."&nbsp; She was rocked with her own orgasm, then passed out. 


To (perhaps) be continued?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Elisabeth.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





