BDSM Library - A Thanatos Birthday Party




A Thanatos Birthday Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Sweet sixteen Priscilla finds herself in the clutches of the sadistic Thanatos Society, courtesy of her adoptive parents.  Very cruel and evil story.






Author's Note: This story is a Thanatos Society fan fiction - it's been a few years since Cerberus gave us one of his genuine stories, so this is just my addition to the canon.&nbsp; It is very extreme and probably not to your taste.

0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0`0

(Narrator): Thank you for purchasing this new release DVD from Thanatos Movie Productions - Prissy's Sweet Sixteen.&nbsp; If you have seen any of our other productions, you will know that it will involve the degradation and torture of an innocent young girl.

(A picture of Priscilla comes up on the screen, taken at her fifteenth birthday party, surrounded by friends, as she is about to blow out the candles on her cake)

(Cut to a suburban house, where a couple are sitting in the kitchen)

(Caption appears: Eleanor, Priscilla's mother): Prissy's father, Bob, and I have been members of the Thanatos society for over twenty years.&nbsp; When the opportunity came up to raise a girl for the express purpose of being able to destroy her for the pleasure of the society members, we jumped at the chance.&nbsp; Prissy has had a safe, loving upbringing, which has focussed on making her a true innocent.

(Bob): That's right.&nbsp; We even had a house rule that there was no corporal punishment whatsoever.&nbsp; I joined the Thanatos Society because I'm a sadist, and it's been hard having to stop myself from hurting someone for all this time.&nbsp; As it is, I can't wait until we begin.

(Photo flashes up of Priscilla with a boy, holding hands and smiling for the camera)

(Eleanor): Prissy and Kevin have been going out for a few weeks now.&nbsp; He's her first boyfriend, and he's treated her totally respectfully so far.&nbsp; He's a little older than her - he's already seventeen - but as parents, we were delighted to let him into our daughter's life.

(Screen changes to a film of Kevin, in a Thanatos dungeon, standing over an unidentified teenage girl, putting needles into her tits)

(Kevin voiceover): I've been a member of the Thanatos Society for about two years, since my father introduced me to it.&nbsp; I love the fact that I get as much pussy as I like, and I'm being trained to be a torturer.&nbsp; I hope when I complete my study that I'll be a fully fledged member of the Society.

(Back to Bob and Eleanor)

(Bob): Kevin's a very important part of Prissy's big day - we sat down a few weeks ago with him and told him our plans, and he's played it perfectly.&nbsp; He has only kissed Prissy on the cheek - nothing more sexual than that.

(Eleanor): Bob and I made wonderful love last night, celebrating the last pain free day of Prissy's life. She'll never forget her sweet sixteen!

(cut to music, and a montage of pictures of Priscilla growing up, focussing on the happiest times, a smiling, sweet girl.&nbsp; The audio cuts to a recording made of her at a function honouring Eleanor)

(Priscilla): My mother is my hero.&nbsp; She does volunteer work for charities, and still finds the time to help me with any problems I might have.&nbsp; She is a wonderful person, and I'm proud to be her daughter.&nbsp; I hope one day I grow up to be like her.

(fades out on applause)

(Caption: PART I - SECRETS REVEALED)

(Over a series of photographs of Priscilla growing up, and the sounds of a girl being raped, the narrator explains what has happened): Kevin has taken Priscilla out on a date for her birthday, and when they arrived back at her house, he has raped her.&nbsp; We join the family as her parents walk into the scene ...

(Bob, yelling): What's been going on here?

(Kevin is on the bed, smiling, as Prissy is crying.)
(
Priscilla): Daddy! Mummy! Kevin just hurt me! He made me have sex with him! Please, call the police!

(Eleanor walks over to Priscilla and holds her daughter's head against her chest): There, there, honey.&nbsp; What are you saying Kevin did?

(Priscilla): He RAPED me!&nbsp; On my BIRTHDAY!

(Bob): Now, Prissy, you know very well that you don't invite a boy into your bedroom and then make up a story that he raped you.&nbsp; That's very rude.

(Priscilla): What do you mean, make up a story. It's TRUE!

(Bob to Kevin): Is that true?&nbsp; Did you just rape my daughter?

(Kevin): Yes sir, I did.

(Eleanor): Do you think that that is acceptable behaviour?

(Kevin): I don't know, but I think she was asking for it.

(Bob to Priscilla): Is that true?

(Priscilla): What do you mean?!? I didn't ask for it. He raped me.&nbsp; You should be calling the police.

(Bob): But if you were asking for it, then it's not really rape.&nbsp; It's sex, and that makes you a bad girl for giving a boy sex. Just because it's your birthday doesn't mean you can sleep around with anyone you want.

(Priscilla is crying now, unbelieving of the attitude of her parents)

(Eleanor comforts her daughter): Bob, don't be like that.&nbsp; Can't you see that Prissy is upset?

(Priscilla): Mom! Please don't call me that.&nbsp; You know I hate that name.

(Eleanor): But you're looking a bit prissy today, so I thought you wouldn't mind.&nbsp; And now you've just had sex.&nbsp; Did you hurt her, Kevin?

(Kevin): I don't think so.&nbsp; It was only sex.

(Bob):&nbsp; But forced sex usually hurts.&nbsp; Did it hurt, Prissy?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Bob): And where did he rape you.&nbsp; In your pussy?

(Priscilla): Dad!

(Bob): I need to know.&nbsp; You're claiming to have been hurt, but if he just raped you in the pussy, then I can't imagine it hurt that much!

(Prissy is shaking, holding her knees and crying.&nbsp; She looks up to see Bob taking his pants off, and Eleanor taking her top off.)

(Priscilla): What the hell is going on here?&nbsp; What are you doing?

(Eleanor to Bob): Should you tell her, or should I?

(Bob): You're her mother.&nbsp; I think it will be best if you tell her.

(Priscilla): Tell me what? What's going on?

(Eleanor): Prissy, it's time that you found out the truth about your life.&nbsp; You see, we're not your real parents.&nbsp; You were adopted.

(Prissy looks at her in disbelief.):&nbsp; What are you saying?! Mom? What's happening?!

(Eleanor): And not only were you adopted, but your father and I, we are both members of a secret society that is based around sadism, called the 'Thanatos Society'.&nbsp; Do you know what sadism is?

(Priscilla): I don't know. What do you mean?

(Bob): Sadism is when you get enjoyment from hurting someone, or watching them be hurt.&nbsp; Do you understand that?

(Priscilla): No I don't.&nbsp; I hate seeing people hurt. You always taught me that it's wrong to hurt others.&nbsp; You always gave to charities to stop people from suffering.&nbsp; I don't understand at all.

(Eleanor): Oh honey, it's really simple.&nbsp; You see, we've waited your whole life, just about, to be able to really hurt you.&nbsp; Kevin here is also a part of the society, so when he raped you, he was meant to hurt you as well, but I'm not sure he did.

(Bob to Kevin, laughing): You'll be getting a stern talking to for that young man! You KNOW that rape is good, but torture is better.

(Priscilla): Torture?!&nbsp; What do you mean?

(Eleanor): Kevin, Bob, could the two of you please get Prissy trussed up so that she can be taken to Thanatos Manor?&nbsp; The truck's already waiting outside.

(The video fades with her struggles and cries.&nbsp; We next see a black van with tinted windows pulling into a luxurious Manor, with the letters TS carved into the gates.&nbsp; A naked, screaming, gagged Priscilla is being dragged from the van, into the hall, where a number of people are standing around.)

(Narrator): Priscilla has had by far the worst couple of hours of her life, but things are about to get far worse when she meets the dreaded man who will be running her first torture session).

(The picture changes to show Prissy tied down to a torture table, naked, with her legs spread wide, and her arms tied taut above her head.&nbsp; A large light is above her, illuminating her figure for the spectators and for the camera).

(Caption: 'PART II - Interrogation')

(Priscilla is ungagged, and commences begging).

(Priscilla): Please, mommy, daddy. Don't hurt me. I've been good. Why is his happening. Please let me go!

(Eleanor): Prissy, dear, do you remember when you were young what we used to say if you did something naughty?

(The camera zooms in on Priscilla's face, showing a look of horror.&nbsp; A man comes into view and speaks): Hello Prissy.&nbsp; I'm Mr Black.

(Priscilla screams, as the film cuts back to the interview with Eleanor who, over shots of a young Priscilla, explains): Prissy was mostly a good child, but sometimes when she was naughty, I would tease her that she would be sent off to a 'Mr Black' - a man who I made seem cartoonishly evil, with a dungeon full of naughty children.&nbsp; She used to have nightmares about this man - it was one of the few real acts of mental cruelty we used on her over the years.

(Bob): But of course, Mr Black was and is real! He's one of the best torturers in the Thanatos Society, and we've seen him put his skill to work numerous times.&nbsp; Seeing as we'd used his name in vain, so to speak, we thought it was only fair that he would be able to be the first person to torture her.

(The image fades back to a full body shot of Priscilla who is looking up in horror at this man from her nightmares.)

(Mr Black): Hello there Prissy - do you mind if I call you Prissy? I've heard you don't like it very much, but I think it's a perfect name for you right now.&nbsp; Anyway, your parents have asked me to help them out today in your first special session here.&nbsp; I'm just going to be asking you a few questions, OK?

(As we see Mr Black on screen go to his bag and get his tools in order, we get a voiceover from him explaining his work): I've been a torturer for a number of years for the Thanatos society, specialising in interrogation scenes.&nbsp; The most important thing when creating an authentic interrogation scene with an innocent victim is that they need to be genuinely unwilling to give up some piece of information, either because it is too degrading, or too personal, or maybe because they don't want to take part, so they resist.&nbsp; I use torture well out of proportion to a usual interrogation, as the people paying money to watch, either live or on film, deserve something a little special.

(Mr Black has taken out of his bag a container filled with short pins, with coloured balls at the end.&nbsp; He lays it down on Priscilla's stomach.)

(Mr Black): Prissy, you are to answer all of my questions as completely as you can. If you don't, then I'm going to use the pins.&nbsp; OK first question. Is today your birthday?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): Then Happy Birthday to you!&nbsp; Now, how old are you today?

(Priscilla): I'm sixteen.

(Mr Black): Sweet sixteen.&nbsp; Aah, I remember that age well.&nbsp; The age I was when I first tortured someone to death.

(Priscilla): You're sick! Let me go!

(Mr Black): I'll let you go if you're a good enough girl.&nbsp; Now, Prissy, I want you to tell me some things about yourself.&nbsp; When did you last have a period?

(Priscilla): A week ago.

(Mr Black): Do you use a tampon or a pad?

(A caption flashes up explaining this line of questioning: Eleanor has always taught Priscilla that she should never talk about her periods, as they are very personal. Knowing how embarrassing it would be for the girl was why she told Mr Black to take the questioning in that direction)

(Priscilla): Please, I don't want to talk about it.

(Mr Black takes one of the pins and slowly places it into Priscilla's right thigh, pushing it all the way in so that only the ball at the end is showing.&nbsp; Priscilla screeches 'Please, take it out!')

(Mr Black): Once those pins go in, they don't come out again until we've finished.&nbsp; And you still need to answer my question.

(Priscilla crying): I use a p..pad.

(Mr Black): Why do you use a pad?

(Priscilla obviously doesn't want to answer, but is scared of the pins): Because I sometimes found it hard to get the tampon in.

(Mr Black): Is that because your pussy's too tight.

(Priscilla does not answer, so another pin goes in, this time into her left thigh)

(Priscilla): Aaah, please, don't, I don't know what you mean.

(Mr Black): I want you to tell me whether you have a tighter than usual pussy.

(Priscilla): I don't know. It's just uncomfortable sometimes.

(Mr Black): Was it uncomfortable when your boyfriend and you were making love?

(Priscilla): He's not my boyfriend. He's a bastard.

(Another pin goes in, this time into her left cunt lip, getting an agonised squeal from her.)

(Priscilla): Please don't do that, it hurts so badly.&nbsp; I can't take it.

(Eleanor comes over to where Priscilla is lying, and strokes her face gently): Darling, you're such a strong girl, usually.&nbsp; I know you can take it. Remember when you were ten years old and you fell off your bike?&nbsp; How your father and I comforted you and bought you a treat for being so brave?

(Priscilla does not answer. Mr Black orders her): That's another pin (he inserts one into her right cunt lip) - you must answer ALL questions.

(Priscilla is crying): Yes, I remember. You were so nice to me then.&nbsp; How could you be so horrible now?

(Eleanor): I'm so sorry Prissy, but your life is all about pain, now.&nbsp; But I'll bring you a treat in a little bit if you're brave.&nbsp; Would you like that?

(Priscilla almost doesn't answer, but she sees Mr Black going for another pin): Please just let me go.

(Eleanor to Mr Black): Why don't you ask her about pets?

(Mr Black smiles): Aah! She's a pet person is she?

(Eleanor smiles back): Be sure to answer all the questions, honey, and be brave for mommy.

(Priscilla looks at her mother with disgust and hatred.)

(Mr Black): So what sort of pets have you had?

(Priscilla): I had two dogs.

(Mr Black): Did you like them?

(Priscilla): Of course! I love dogs.

(There is a titter in the audience but Mr Black raises his hand to quieten them): What sort of dog is your favourite?

(Priscilla): My last dog was a German Shepherd.

(The scene cuts to the interview with Eleanor and Bob again, while Bob explains): Part of giving Priscilla such a good upbringing was making sure that she always had an animal around.&nbsp; Her first dog was when she was very young, but for her eighth birthday we got her a German Shepherd, who she called Eddie.&nbsp; We did everything we could to make sure that he became extremely important to her.&nbsp; We were going to use him as part of her debasement, but he died two months ago.&nbsp; Priscilla was suitably upset, but we promised her we would go looking for a new dog after this birthday.&nbsp; He was buried in the backyard.

(Back to the Manor).

(Mr Black): What was his name?

(Priscilla): Eddie.

(Mr Black): What happened to him?

(Priscilla): He d..died not long ago.

(Mr Black): Were you very upset by that?

(Priscilla starts to tear up at the memory): Yes.

(Mr Black): I wish I was there to have seen it.&nbsp; Did you give him a burial?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): And did you cry then, again?

(Priscilla): Yes, I did.

(Mr Black): Why did you cry?

(Priscilla): Because I missed him.&nbsp; He'd been my friend since I was eight.

(Mr Black): Did you ever have sex with him?

(Priscilla): What? He's a dog! You're disgusting!

(Mr Black takes another pin and pushes this one into the tender spot in her underarms): Answer the question, cunt!

(Priscilla): Ouch, no, of course I didn't.

(Mr Black): But you really liked him, did you?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): Would you like to have another dog?

(Priscilla): I don't know.

(Mr Black): Because we have lots of well trained dogs right here. (The audience laughs)&nbsp; 

(Mr Black): OK, onto more serious matters.&nbsp; You claimed to your parents earlier that you were attacked in some way by your boyfriend, is that right?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): And what did you say that he did to you?

(Priscilla): He r..raped me.

(Mr Black): What do you mean by raped?

(Priscilla): He made me have sex with him.

(Mr Black): But he's your boyfriend, surely if he wants to have sex with you that's OK?

(Priscilla): I was always taught ... (she stops as if realising something)

(Eleanor): I think what she means to say is that I always taught her that sex was a gift from God that she needed to keep sacred, and if possible, that she should wait until she was married before making love.

(Mr Black laughs): So, if I did this (he places his forefinger into her pussy), for example, that would be against your morals?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): So how exactly did he rape you?&nbsp; Did you use his fingers, or his cock? What did he use?

(Priscilla): He used ... h..his penis.

(Mr Black): And where did he put it?

(Priscilla is blushing terribly now, getting very upset): He tried to put it into my backside.

(Mr Black): Into your ass?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): What do you mean he tried?

(Priscilla): Well, it wouldn't go in, and he kept on pushing, but it just wouldn't go.

(Mr Black forces his middle finger up against Priscilla's asshole, and pushes it in.&nbsp; She grunts at the intrusion, and screams as he wriggles the finger about inside her.)

(Mr Black): You're a bit too sensitive down there.&nbsp; I can tell already that training you is going to be especially painful when it comes to anal sex.

(Priscilla with real fear in her eyes): What do you mean, 'training'?

(Bob): Prissy, you're going to be made into a fuck doll as well as a torture meat puppet.&nbsp; You'll be trained to take cocks, and other items, up your ass and cunt, and to give proper blowjobs that men will enjoy, as well as learning how to lick the cunts of any women that might want you to.

(Priscilla): Oh no!

(Mr Black): So when you failed to let him fuck you in the ass, did he do anything else?

(Priscilla): Yes, he put his penis in my mouth.

(Mr Black): Did you give him a good blowjob like the whore you are?

(Priscilla): I'm not a whore!

(Mr Black puts another pin into her body, and slaps her face hard): You will answer the questions, bitch!&nbsp; Unless you'd prefer a big increase in the pain level.

(Priscilla): I'm sorry. I don't know how to give a blowjob.

(Mr Black): So what did he do then?

(Priscilla): He rubbed his cock until some white stuff came out.

(Mr Black): And did you take his cum in your mouth?

(Priscilla): No - he had it spray all over my face.&nbsp; At first I thought he had peed on me, but some went on my chest as well.

(Mr Black): Lovely. And that's when your parents found you?

(Priscilla): Yes.

(Mr Black): How did that experience make you feel?

(Priscilla): I was upset.

(Bob): You looked like a real slut when I saw you.

(Priscilla): Daddy! Don't call me that, please.

(Eleanor): No, I think that's the word for you - all decorated over your face with Kevin's cum.

(Mr Black): But I want to know why you were upset.

(Priscilla): Because I thought Kevin liked me.

(Mr Black): And now you know how he really feels about you.

(Priscilla): I liked Kevin, I thought I was in love.

(Mr Black): But you also thought your parents loved you, and now you know that all they want to do is hurt you.

(Priscilla, crying): Yes.

(Eleanor): You should thank Kevin for raping you.

(Priscilla): Mamma, I can't.

(Mr Black): Kevin, come over here.&nbsp; (Kevin walks over)&nbsp; Kevin, did she describe your rape well?

(Kevin): Mostly, sir, but she left out a few important details.

(Mr Black): Oh she did, did she? She'll have to be punished for that.&nbsp; What did she leave out?

(Kevin): I know how important it is to humiliate someone you're raping, so I called her names as well.

(Mr Black): What names did you call her?

(Kevin): I called her a few swear words.&nbsp; A cunt, a bitch, a stupid slut.

(Mr Black): And how did she respond to this?

(Kevin): She was crying, which made me harder.

(Mr Black): Of course it did.&nbsp; We all now know how lovely she looks when she's crying.

(Kevin): Yes, and she also said that she thought I loved her.&nbsp; So I told her that I really hated her all along, and just wanted to use her for sex.

(Mr Black): Good, I'm sure that upset her terribly.

(Kevin): It seemed to, but by that point my cock was in her mouth, so she didn't have much to say.

(There's general laughter.)

(Mr Black to Priscilla): Alright cunt, why didn't you tell us about the names you were called?

(Priscilla): I don't know.&nbsp; He hurt my feelings.

(Mr Black): You can tell later me if the words hurt as much as your punishment.

(The shot dissolves and comes back with Priscilla covered with probably fifty or sixty pins in different parts of her body. There is blood leaking from a number of the holes.)

(Mr Black): Do you want to know something funny, Prissy?

(Priscilla): I don't know.

(Mr Black): The funny thing is that I haven't really been torturing you by putting these pins inside you.

(Priscilla looks confused)

(Mr Black): No, in fact, I've only been preparing you for your torture, which is going to start now.&nbsp; Your mommy and daddy are each going to pick five of the pins in your body and then we're going to make use of them.

(Priscilla): What do you mean?

(Mr Black ignores the question, and first Bob comes over and runs his hands over his daughter's tormented body. As he nears each of the pins, he touches the ball attached to it, and looks at her face as he pushes on it, getting a yelp from the girl.&nbsp; When he finds five that produce a response he likes he puts a little tag on them.&nbsp; Eleanor does the same, and after several minutes, there are ten pins with tags on them.

Mr Black then takes out the other pins and puts them on the table next to Prissy.&nbsp; He announces to the audience): You'll notice, ladies and gentlemen, that the ten pins in our young victim's body are in particular places that have been determined to cause her the utmost pain.

(Priscilla): Oh no, please don't. It hurts too much already.

(Mr Black): Eleanor, would you like to explain to Prissy what's about to happen?

(Eleanor): Of course.&nbsp; Two years ago, do you remember what I made you for your birthday?

(Priscilla): Yes, it was a big cake with my picture on it. 

(Eleanor): That's right 

(A still of the cake comes up on the screen - it is iced to look like the face and upper torso of the girl. Another picture follows, this time with sparklers in the cake, and Priscilla laughing at how it looks).

(Eleanor): I didn't actually make the cake, I had a cake maker make it for me, and it cost quite a lot of money.&nbsp; And I didn't want to spend so much money this year, so your body is going to be standing in for the cake today.

(Priscilla): What do you mean?

(Eleanor takes out a bag of 'sparklers' and shows it to her daughter.): You always liked these 'sparklers', didn't you.&nbsp; But these are a bit different to the normal ones. Firstly, look at the bottom - they're extremely sharp and long - they'll be going into your body at the ten points we've found.&nbsp; Also, when we set them alight, they burn extremely hot, and the closer they get to your body, the more they will burn.&nbsp; Does that sound like fun?

(Priscilla): No! Please don't burn me!

(Eleanor): It's OK, honey, we have ointments here that will make your skin all better.&nbsp; But this is the first you're really being tortured, so your father and I want to do it ourselves.

(Eleanor and Bob now slowly insert the sparklers into the girl's body, one by one.&nbsp; One goes into the end of one of her nipples, another into her belly button, another into her leg near the knee.&nbsp; Priscilla is screaming in agony from the needles, which are specially barbed in order to cause maximum pain.&nbsp; Then, they are all lit, burning her for the next five minutes, as she tries desperately to blow them out, with no success.&nbsp; Eleanor and Bob laugh as they watch, and when the fires finally go out, the camera lingers over her body, showing the bad chemical burns, blisters and abrasions. Priscilla has passed out from the extreme pain.)

(While she is unconscious, Mr Black drizzles something onto her body, rubbing it in to her.&nbsp; He then takes a hypodermic needle and jabs it into her right tit, waking her immediately.&nbsp; As soon as she wakes up, she begins screaming).

(Caption: 'PART III - Birthday Presents')

(Eleanor): Oh honey, what's wrong? Were you having a nightmare?

(Priscilla): What's happening?

(Bob): It's your birthday party, and we just had your cake, but you fell asleep.&nbsp; That wasn't very nice!

(Priscilla looks down at her body.): Please! Stop it! You have to take me to a doctor. I think I'm going to die!

(Mr Black laughs): You're not going to die - not for a very very long time.&nbsp; We still haven't come to the gift giving part of your party.&nbsp; When I heard that you love animals, I knew just what to get for you.

(A cage is brought in, and a meow is heard.&nbsp; Mr Black takes a cat out and puts it on the table next to the girl): Happy Birthday, honey! Meet you new best friend, his name is Lucifer.

(As he is talking, the camera moves to Priscilla's face, which shows her growing terror)

(Eleanor): That was extremely thoughtful of you, Mr Black, to get a cat for my lovely daughter.&nbsp; But I should have told you that Prissy is actually quite scared of cats, ever since one scratched her when she was a little girl.

(Mr Black): Oh dear, what an unfortunate mistake.&nbsp; But it looks like Lucifer likes her quite a bit.&nbsp; Look how he's licking her all over. Maybe it's her natural animal magnetism, or maybe it's the liquid catnip I drizzled on her.

(Bob): It certainly looks as though his rough tongue is doing wonders for her burns!

(The camera shows the cat crawling over Priscilla's body, licking wickedly all over, opening up blisters from her burns.&nbsp; Priscilla is screaming to get him off)

(Eleanor): Prissy, I think it's a bit rude to want to get a cat off! I know you've fallen for him, but sex with animals is not very ladylike!

(Everyone laughs.&nbsp; The camera zooms in on Lucifer doing his work - he has been trained to lick at broken skin, and is causing her immense pain.&nbsp; Tears flow down her cheeks)

(Mr Black): I think that Prissy has hurt Lucifer's feelings.&nbsp; Lucifer! Show us what you think of this cunt.

(The cat has been trained for this and goes up to near her face, and lets loose a stream of piss, right into her eyes, to much more laughter in the room)

(Eleanor): Isn't that nice! He's marking her as his own - I think he really does like her.&nbsp; We'll keep him around, I think. Maybe Prissy will learn to love him.

(Lucifer is put back in his cage and taken out).

(The camera shows Priscilla almost shaking in pain).

(Eleanor, wiping Priscilla's tears with her hand): Are you sore? Would you like a painkiller?

(Priscilla): Oh please, yes. I need something to kill the pain.

(Eleanor): Well, usually when you're torturing someone, the last thing you want to do is give them a painkiller, it tends to kill the mood so to speak, but because it's your birthday, I'm going to give you a painkiller as my present to you.

(Priscilla): Oh thank you mamma. Thank you ...

(Eleanor takes from her bag a strange looking contraption and shows it to her daughter): I know you like to touch yourself when you're in bed, and you think nobody is around.&nbsp; We've filmed you doing it since you were about twelve years old.

(Priscilla blushes in shame)

(Eleanor): So you know all about how nice it feels when you touch your clitty, don't you.&nbsp; But you've never used a vibrator.&nbsp; This, Prissy, is your very first vibrator, and because sexual stimulation can help to ease pain, that's my present to you.

(Eleanor fires up the vibrator and places it near Priscilla's clit.&nbsp; She begins to move it in a regular circular motion, and when Priscilla starts to pant, getting aroused, she increases the speed.)

(Eleanor): You see - she's such a slut, even after being tortured so badly, and being in front of this crowd, she's getting turned on.&nbsp; Are you enjoying this?

(Priscilla): No! Please. I don't want you doing this to me. It's not right.&nbsp; A mother shouldn't do this to her daughter.&nbsp; Oh mamma.

(Bob): It seems that Prissy doesn't want to cum after all.&nbsp; Turn it off, honey.

(Eleanor takes the vibrator away and leaves it on): But I SO wanted to use this toy on her, on her birthday.&nbsp; Maybe I can still use it but not make her cum.

(Mr Black): We've found that using this particular vibrator on certain parts of a woman's body, particularly deep inside, is exquisitely painful.

(Eleanor): Oh really! That's wonderful!

(Mr Black): Yes, if you push it all the way into her cunt, up to the cervix, and turn it to setting four, you'll get quite a response.

(Eleanor opens up her daughter's cunt lips, and begins to force the thin, long instrument into her cunt.&nbsp; She appears to reach an obstruction.)

(Eleanor): I can't get it any further.

(Mr Black): You may have reached the cervix.&nbsp; Turn it on, and we'll see.

(The machine starts humming and Priscilla begins screeching)

(Eleanor): Oh honey, what's wrong.&nbsp; Isn't it feeling nice anymore?

(Priscilla): It's making me sick. I'm going to throw up!

(Bob): If you do, you'll have to eat up your puke, so don't even think about messing yourself.

(Eleanor keeps up the brutal stimulation, and only stops it when Priscilla pukes over herself).

(Bob): You disgusting little bitch! We're going to have to clean you off now.

(She's cleaned off with a high powered hose)

(Mr Black): I think we'll need to put the healing cream on her now.&nbsp; (He takes out a tube of cream and begins to apply it all over Priscilla's front.)&nbsp; This is a special cream, developed by the Thanatos Society, that heals burns perfectly.&nbsp; Unfortunately, because it does it so quickly, and without scarring, it cannot do it without also being painful.&nbsp; That might have to do with some of the other substances in it as well, but everyone's going to have to leave and give her a little rest.&nbsp; However, we will be having party favours in the next room.

(Once she is covered in the cream, it begins to burn her even worse than her previous burns.&nbsp; As she screams for mercy, the members of the Society leave the room, except for Eleanor and Bob.)

(Bob): I know it's hurting you, dear, but it will mean that your body is just about as good as new.&nbsp; Also, I don't want you to be lonely, so I had an old friend of yours brought here to keep you company.

(Brought out of a yellow bag is the half decomposed remains of a dog, covered with maggots and other insects.&nbsp; Bob places it on the table next to Priscilla's head).

(Eleanor): That's right, darling.&nbsp; It's Eddie, your beloved dog! Back from the grave, so to speak.&nbsp; Spooky, isn't it.&nbsp; He smells a little funny, but I'm sure you two will have a lot of catching up to do.&nbsp; The cream will take about two hours to work, and then we'll be back to give you the last of your birthday presents.

(The scene fades as Priscilla stares in horror at the dead animal next to her, retching as she takes in its disgusting smell)

(Caption: 'PART IV - Birthday Treats')

(The scene opens showing that Priscilla is lying, whimpering, however her body has made a remarkable recovery, thanks to the miracle cream.&nbsp; The members of the Society come into the room in a line from their festivities in the next room and line up in front of her prostrate body.&nbsp; The first man steps forward, takes out his cock and points it at her and, before she can get her mind straight and realise what is about to happen, he begins to piss over her body.&nbsp; We see her try to recoil from it, and see the degradation in her eyes as man after man steps forward to piss on her.)

(Bob): It's good to see your body has healed so nicely, so that we can get to work on it again.&nbsp; How did you like your time with Eddie?

(Priscilla crying): Please, I can't take anymore.&nbsp; I'm sorry. Please, take him away.

(Eleanor): Of course, he smells a little bad, but I knew&nbsp; you'd love to see him.&nbsp; He's not quite as active as used to be, when you'd play together in the yard, but he's still the same old dog.

(Bob): Yep, and it's true - you never did get to fuck him when he was alive, but you're lucky - Mom managed to jerk him off quite a few times, and we saved his dog juice for you!

(Bob takes out a jar filled with dog cum and puts it on the table next to the girl. He takes out a spoon and sticks it in)

(Bob): Are you feeling hungry? Feel like eating a little reminder of your loving pet?

(Priscilla): How can you be so disgusting? That's vile! I'm going to be sick!

(Eleanor): But Prissy, this is your father's birthday present to you - your birthday treat. How many girls get to be this close to their late departed dog.&nbsp; Remember how much you cried when he died? You should be HAPPY now.&nbsp; So eat up.

(Bob takes a scoop of the cum and puts it to Priscilla's mouth.&nbsp; She keeps it resolutely closed, despite requests to open it.)

(Eleanor): Mr Black, would you please help us to encourage Prissy to open her mouth.

(Mr Black): Of course.&nbsp; Just give me a minute, and she'll be more than happy to eat his doggy cum, even if it has been sitting in a hot shed for a few months.

(Mr Black takes out a long metallic antenna shaped device.&nbsp; He goes down to her genitals and plays around for a few seconds before he finds her urethra.&nbsp; As he places the device a few millimetres up her sensitive pee hole, she pees herself.)

(Mr Black): Prissy, that's not the torture.&nbsp; This is ...

(At that, he sends an electric shock into her most sensitive hole.&nbsp; Priscilla strains against her bonds and blood appears to stream from her mouth, as she screams out in agony.)

(Mr Black): That's your first shock, I know, Prissy.&nbsp; Now, I'm going to give you another shock every minute until you eat up all the doggy cum.

(Priscilla): Please, no more shocks. Oh God, it hurts, Oh Fuck! How it hurts!

(Mr Black): Ready to eat, or another shock.

(Priscilla): Please God, don't shock me aga...AAaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!

(As she is begging, another shock is sent, and the spoon of cum is forced into her mouth.&nbsp; She gags and screams at the same time, choking).

(Eleanor): So which is worse, honey, the cum or the shock?

(Priscilla): Please. I'll eat the cum. Just don't shock me again!

(Eleanor): That's right honey, eat it all up, and there won't be any more nasty shocks.

(We see Priscilla struggle to eat the food, gagging over and over at the horrible taste and smell. If she hesitates for more than a few seconds, Mr Black brings the shock stick up to her skin, and she immediately gets back to eating.)

(Bob): Now you're being a good girl.&nbsp; Eat up all the cum.&nbsp; It's going to be one of the things you learn to live on from now on.

(When she finishes the jar, she looks quite ill)

(Eleanor to Bob): Darling, do you have something to wash down Prissy's meal?

(Bob): Of course, dear.

(At this, he takes out his cock, places it against the girl's mouth, and sends a stream of piss down her throat.&nbsp; She gags and spills a lot of it, but still seems in despair at the awful taste.)

(Eleanor): Thank your father for letting you drink his piss.

(Priscilla is about to complain, but sees the electric stick and thinks better of it): Thank you daddy.

(Eleanor strokes her daughter's hair, which is completely covered in piss, moving it from her face, and speaks): You haven't had much of a good day with piss have you - first you get peed on, then your pee hole gets hurt, and then your father pees in your mouth!&nbsp; Does your little pee hole hurt?

(Priscilla): Yes, horribly. It stings!

(Eleanor): I'm so glad to hear that.&nbsp; You see, you used&nbsp; to be a terrible bed wetter, and you put me through so much trouble having to wash your sheets a few times a week.&nbsp; All that work, I've wanted to repay you for that for a long time.

(Priscilla): But it wasn't my fault! It's not fair to punish me for something that I couldn't control!

(Bob): Fairness has nothing to do with it. If your mommy wants to torture you for wetting your bed, then that's what she can do.

(Eleanor): Yes, I really want to teach you some self control.&nbsp; Like do you remember that time when you were ten years old, we went for a long drive.&nbsp; You wanted a soda as a treat, so I bought one for you - a big one.&nbsp; And after a little while you asked to go to the bathroom.

(Bob): Yes, that was wonderful - there was nowhere around to stop, so I told you to hold it in.&nbsp; I loved that you were uncomfortable, but you started to complain too much.

(Eleanor): And do you know the funniest thing?&nbsp; I told you this little lie, that we could not stop at the shops we were driving past - of course we could have! I just wanted you to suffer.&nbsp; And then, after an hour, we saw a gas station.

(Bob): Yes! And I told you that you'd be able to go at last, and you were so relieved.&nbsp; But of course, when we stopped, I told you my own little lie, when I got out and checked, and said that they didn't have a bathroom, so you'd have to keep holding it.

(Eleanor): That was so wonderful - I mean, for all that time when we were nice to you, it was good that we could occasionally be cruel.

(Priscilla): I remember that - I can't believe you did that to me deliberately!

(Eleanor): And you wet your pants then.&nbsp; You were so embarrassed, I remember you were crying, but I told you it didn't matter.

(Bob): But of course, it did matter.&nbsp; And now you get to be punished properly for it.

(Priscilla): P..punished?&nbsp; What do you mean?

(Eleanor): Your pee hole! It's going to be properly cleaned!

(Mr Black gets out a very thin, silver tube, about two inches long, which he introduces into her urethra, slowly pushing it upwards.&nbsp; He then gets a long pipe cleaning brush and pushes it in, explaining): For those watching, wondering what's happening to Prissy, the tube that's been inserted into her pee hole has a number of holes along its shaft, and the pipe cleaner being used has very very soft bristles, which will irritate the length of her pee tunnel without causing any real damage.&nbsp; I can fuck it in and out like this (he does, showing it), and that will start to really hurt her.&nbsp; If you can imagine, it's one of the most sensitive parts of her whole body.

(He continues this slow fucking for several minutes, as Priscilla's pleas for him to stop become more desperate.)

(Mr Black): I'd now like Prissy's mother to get her vibrator and stimulate her daughter's clit.&nbsp; I can assure you that the combination of the scratching away of the inner lining of her pee hole, combined with the clitoral stimulation, will be anything but pleasant.

(Eleanor does this, and Priscilla's screaming becomes more pronounced and high pitched): Oh God, Oh God, stop it, take it out.&nbsp; It's ... it's ...&nbsp; aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!

(Mr Black): We can stop the stimulation now - the tunnel will be sufficiently abraded and rubbed raw to move on to the next part of the procedure, which will be forcing rubbing alcohol up into the hole.&nbsp; I'd recommend that people watching get ready to stick their fingers in their ears, because this could get loud.

(As he squirts the juice up the tender hole, Priscilla begins shrieking uncontrollably, begging to be killed, to be put out of her misery)

(Eleanor): Oh dear, are you sorry now that you couldn't control your need to pee?

(Priscilla): Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but please just stop doing this to me.

(Eleanor): What will you do to make it up to us?

(Priscilla): I don't know, I'll do anything. I'm so so sorry.&nbsp; Please just stop hurting me there.

(Eleanor): Say that you're sorry for wetting yourself like a dirty whore.

(Priscilla): I am ... I'm sorry for being a dirty whore, and w..wetting myself.

(Eleanor to Bob): She has suffered a lot.&nbsp; Do you think we should take out the steel rod?

(Bob): I think so.&nbsp; What do you think, Mr Black?

(Mr Black): Well, you should know that for the next few days, any time she needs to go to the bathroom, she's going to be in terrible pain, so I certainly think she's suffered enough.

(Priscilla): Yes, I have, I've suffered so much, and I promise I'll be good. I'm so sore, I think I'm going to die ...

(Eleanor): OK, We'll take it out.

(Priscilla): Oh thank you mamma.&nbsp; Thank you so much!

(Eleanor): Wait.&nbsp; I think she needs to be shocked once more there. Can you attach the shock machine to the metal tube please Mr Black.

(Priscilla): No!!!!!!!!!!!!

(Mr Black attaches the wires to the evil device.&nbsp; He's about to press the button when Eleanor stops him.): Wait.&nbsp; I want Prissy to press the button, when she's ready, to show that she's truly sorry.&nbsp; Could you please keep on fucking her with the pipe cleaner until she presses the button.

(A look of horror crosses Priscilla's face, as she is given the control.&nbsp; She knows that she cannot press the button - it will be too painful, but she also knows that the torture won't stop until she does. Finally, she closes her eyes, and presses it, sending a horrendous shock to her delicate areas.&nbsp; Finally, blissfully, she passes out again.&nbsp; The picture fades.)

(Caption: 'PART V - SWEET FAREWELLS')

(Eleanor, Bob and Mr Black are standing around chatting, while a woman enters the scene with a syringe, which she injects into Priscilla&nbsp; The girl instantly wakes up screaming)

(Eleanor): There's one last thing that I need to have my precious girl do.&nbsp; Prissy, I know how much you loved your privacy when you were doing personal things, but as well as everything else, you are not to have any privacy for the rest of your life.

(Priscilla): Please mamma.&nbsp; I don't know what to do.

(Eleanor): Yes you do! You're going to go pee in front of everyone.

(Priscilla is taken to a room which is like a public toilet stall, but has a toilet that is see-through, so there is no privacy, and of course there is no door.&nbsp; She is told to sit down on it.)

(Priscilla): Mamma, I can't go.&nbsp; My body won't let me. I'm too nervous.

(Eleanor): Would you like Mr Black to give your body some more encouragement?

(Priscilla): No, Mamma, please.&nbsp; It's not my fault I can't go. I'm too embarrassed.

(Bob): But honey, we went to all that trouble to make your pee hole sore - we want to see you struggling to pee when it hurts so much!

(Mr Black): I think I actually have just the thing to encourage her.&nbsp; But it all depends on what you would like.&nbsp; We could fill up her stomach with water by forcing it down her throat - that's always fun.&nbsp; Or we could stimulate her asshole with electric shocks - sometimes that causes the bladder to empty involuntarily.

(Eleanor to Priscilla): Which one would you prefer, honey?

(Priscilla): Please don't.&nbsp; I'll try harder to pee.

(Bob): It's more fun to see it happening naturally, anyway.

(We see Priscilla straining and crying, and after about thirty seconds, she starts to pee, much to the amusement of everyone there, who give her a round of applause.&nbsp; Priscilla cries and goes red from the pain and shame.)

(Eleanor): Good girl, Prissy.&nbsp; You've shown us all how well you pee.&nbsp; That will look great on the video!

(Mr Black): I think it's time to put our star away for the night.&nbsp; She'll be sleeping in the bridal suite tonight, so let's all move down there.

(The scene fades, and fades back in to a dungeon type setting - all the members of the society are standing around Priscilla naked, and she is hogtied on the ground.&nbsp; Her tied hands and feet are tied to a rope from the ceiling, which keep her upright, and in pain).

(Bob): For all the gentlemen here, because this is the bridal suite, it's imperative that Prissy experience what it means to be 'married to the society', so if you could all line up and jerk off in her face, that would be a fitting end to her day.&nbsp; As you ladies obviously can't do that, I'd ask you to spit in her face.

(One by one, they do that, insulting her as they go.&nbsp; They have all prepared themselves by masturbating almost to the point of cumming, so it doesn't take them long.&nbsp; As the cum builds up on her face and in her hair, others walk around and cum on her back, her ass, her feet, any uncovered part of her body.&nbsp; All of the women spit in her face, particularly her eyes, and all of the members insult her as they are doing it.)

(The picture fades on a cum covered slut, and fades back in to her parents saying their goodbyes).

(Bob): Prissy, if you didn't know, this is goodbye from us.&nbsp; You'll never see us again, unless we happen to visit the person who you're sold to, so we can torture you again.

(Eleanor): And I want you to know, honey, that this has been an absolute pleasure.&nbsp; One of the greatest pleasures of my life.&nbsp; To see the girl I raised being degraded and hurt like this - there is no feeling like it.&nbsp; But from now on, all you will experience is degradation and hurt.&nbsp; Every person you meet will only have the goal to torture you in some way.&nbsp; And one day - it might be in a week, or a month, or two years - but one day, whoever owns you will decide that you are to be snuffed.

(Bob): That means killed, slut.

(Priscilla): Oh, please, mommy, daddy, I don't want to die.&nbsp; Please just let me go.

(Eleanor): I don't think so, cunt, One day, your torture will be terminal, and your worthless body will be pulled apart and eaten, probably.

(Bob): But for now, so that you're not so sad, I'm going to let&nbsp; you snuggle up to Eddie again for the night.&nbsp; Eddie, and all the insects that have half devoured him.&nbsp; Enjoy your night, cunt.&nbsp; And I hope your life is as painful as possible.

(Eleanor): Bye dear.

(Screen fades to black with Priscilla's crying face zoomed in on)

(Narrator, over scenes of the day): We hope that you enjoyed this DVD 'Prissy's Sweet Sixteen'.&nbsp; If you would like to follow Priscilla's further adventures at the hands of the Thanatos Society, don't miss out on signing up for our DVD catalogue, and we will keep you up to date on new releases.

(Credits roll.&nbsp; Fin.)









Priscilla's Blowjob Training

Barely a few days after her birthday ordeal, having been healed by the Thanatos Society doctors and nurses, the girl once known as Priscilla, but now forever to be referred to by the name she hates the most - Prissy - was brought into a large room. The room resembled a high school class room - not that different to the one that Prissy had sat in what seemed like a lifetime ago, but was actually only a few weeks earlier. Rows of desks were placed in front of one larger desk, and there was a large area in the middle of the room which was empty. A stern looking woman stood in front of the large desk.

"Good morning, Prissy. My name is Miss Kerry - I am going to be your teacher for your first classes here, which are called 'Lovemaking for Beginners A' and 'Introduction to Torture A'.
You are to follow any orders that I give, to the letter, or else you will be severely punished. Now, get dressed up in those clothes". Miss Kerry was pointing to a nicely tailored old-fashioned school uniform. While Prissy put the clothes on, Miss Kerry continued her introduction.

"Your training will continue for the next six months, under both myself, and a number of assistant teachers and professionals. There are two things you need to know about your training. Firstly, every moment of your life from this moment on will be filmed, whether you are in class, being trained elsewhere, in bed or in the bathroom. The most interesting parts of your day to day life will be edited into a range of videos - we have already begun marketing 'The Prissy Tapes' - that will be sold to our members."

Prissy, who had finished dressing, was then directed down to one of the desks. She noticed as she sat down that there was a hole in the seat, just beneath her backside. "The other thing you need to know about your training," Miss Kerry continued, with a smile beginning to form on her lips, "is that you will find most, if not all, of your time here strange, scary and distressing. This is not by accident. Our members enjoy the distress of our girls here, and they will pay a premium for film of you showing signs of being upset. Some of our members enjoy the girl to be sobbing, some to see her screaming in pain, some to see her begging for her mommy. I try to make the time you spend here as difficult as possible, so that we can make the best sort of films."

Although she could not see it, the camera that was focussed on Prissy's face zoomed in for a reaction, and was rewarded, not for the first or last time, with a stream of tears which ran down her pretty face.&nbsp; Miss Kerry came up to Prissy and bent slightly, so that she could lick some of the salty water off the teen's face. "I am paid a great deal of money by the society to come up with ways in which to make your life miserable at all times."

Without warning, Miss Kerry forced two yellow plastic plugs into Prissy's nostrils. Despite all of the violations, this one still felt a particularly personal and awful one. When she opened her mouth to try to breathe and to cry out in shock, Miss Kerry pushed a large ball into the girl's mouth. Trying to breathe around the ball was difficult, but when the sadistic woman above her connected a tube to each of the plugs and squeezed a bulb, Prissy went crazy, shaking her head. Miss Kerry had forced a small amount of lemon juice straight up into her sinuses. Prissy felt as though her head had exploded, as the sadist pulled the plugs out of her nostrils and the ball out of her mouth.

"You see? Just like that." Laughing at the tears and coughs that she had just brought forth from her victim, she went back to her desk.

Miss Kerry wrote on the blackboard in the front of the class "Lovemaking For Beginners" in yellow chalk. "Prissy, I know that you were raised in such a way that sex was not a very common topic of discussion. Does it embarrass you to talk about sex?"

Prissy nodded, her head down. "Look up at me, cunt." The girl quickly did so, and nodded again. "Tell me, Prissy. Tell me what it feels like to talk about sex."

Prissy thought for a second. "I thought it was about love, but now I don't like it. I don't like what I've seen of it. It was more horrible than I imagined."

Miss Kerry smiled. "That's true. We call it here 'Lovemaking', but that's just a little joke. When it comes to sex, many people enjoy being with their partner, kissing, touching and they often have orgasms, which are very enjoyable. But for you, Prissy, things are different. Sex for you will only ever be painful and embarrassing and degrading and awful. At best, it will be rape. At worst, it will be a special form of torture that you will dread."

Prissy again started to cry, so the teacher told her to shut up. "That's enough of that. I'm sure we have enough footage of your whining. Let's get on with the lesson. Lesson number one of normal sex education might be something about your own body, about how to make yourself be comfortable with your genitals, your breasts and so on. Here, of course, there is no need for you to learn that. Instead, we are going to start with a method of giving sexual pleasure to a man that you will very often be called upon to do."

Prissy shifted in her chair. Her back was starting to hurt, and the hole in the seat was making her strain her legs. "One of the best ways that you can make a man happy is to perform oral sex on him. Do you know what that means?"

Prissy went red. She had heard something about it from a friend at school, but it had sounded weird and disgusting. "Sort of."

"Within a short amount of time, you're going to be one of the world experts on giving oral sex, both to men, and to women. I'm going to call in one of the other trainers here so that you can work your magic on him. If you do it well, you may get a reprieve from your other class."

"My other class?" Prissy asked confused.

"Yes, dear. Introduction to Torture. Although of course you've already been tortured in your introduction to the society, but we have not yet really shown you how far we can take things - just how unbearable we can make it for you. So are you going to be a good student?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Good". Miss Kerry briefly opened the door and called to Mr R., as he was known. At 6 foot 4, he was an imposing figure as he walked into the room and checked out Prissy, but he was also an inspired choice. One of his sexual quirks was that he was unable to become aroused by any sexual activity unless there was an element of sadism involved as well. Prissy's first lesson would be a peculiar test for her.

The teacher continued, "Mr R. will be the beneficiary of your attentions today. I must warn you that if you do not please him sufficiently, you will be punished terribly."

Turning to Mr R, she asked him if he had any particular requests.&nbsp; "Yes, actually, I do.&nbsp; Hello Prissy, I expect that this is a very scary experience for you, having to have sex with a man you haven't met before.&nbsp; How are you feeling?"

"Yes, I am scared.&nbsp; I want to go home."

"OK, I think there's a way that we can help you to overcome some of your fears.&nbsp; You can call me Daddy!&nbsp; And because Miss Kerry will be helping us, you can call her Mommy too, OK?"

Prissy nodded in tears.&nbsp; She didn't want to be reminded of what her beloved parents had just done to her so recently, and here were these sadists making her call them Mummy and Daddy?&nbsp; This was horribly messed up.

Mr R. pulled down his pants, to reveal his cock in a flaccid state.&nbsp; Prissy had seen more cocks in the past few days than she had seen in the rest of her life, but it was still a shock to see it.&nbsp; "I've just been the Gym so my cock might taste a little sweaty, but I'm sure that's not a problem for you."&nbsp; When he pressed it up against Prissy's face, she almsot retched from the smell - it was as if he hadn't showered in a week.

After dragging her from her desk and pushing her down on her knees in front of Mr R., Miss Kerry began the instruction.&nbsp; "Prissy, cunt, the first part of a blow job is to make the cock get hard.&nbsp; To do that, normally, you would be able to use your hands, tongue and lips to arouse the man. However, for this time, I would like you to use only your tongue.&nbsp; You are to lick the cock as though you were a cat, licking up milk."

Prissy stuck out her tongue and lapped at the cock in front of her, trying to make the man hard, but not really having any idea how to do so.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes, his cock was as floppy as ever.

Miss Kerry yelled at Prissy to lick harder, but still she did not know how to do it.

Mr R. shook his head.&nbsp; "Miss Kerry, there's no need to yell.&nbsp; I think the reason why I'm not getting turned on is because she has not properly initiated sex.&nbsp; Prissy, I'd like you to ask me if I would like you to suck my cock."

Prissy was not sure what to say, but asked "Would you like me to suck your cock."

R again shook his head.&nbsp; "No, cunt.&nbsp; Remember what I told you to call me.&nbsp; Now ask me properly.&nbsp; Say, 'Daddy, Would you like me to suck your cock?'"

She began to get teary again.&nbsp; "Daddy, w..would you like me to suck your c..cock?"

"Yes, Prissy.&nbsp; I would like that very much."

Miss Kerry told her, "OK, now put the cock in your mouth and start sucking."

Prissy tried, but again could not get much of a response.

Miss Kerry and Mr R looked at each other and nodded.&nbsp; The man spoke quietly to Prissy.&nbsp; "I'm sorry honey, but you're not able to get me turned on for some reason.&nbsp; It looks like Mummy is going to have to make you uncomfortable."

"What do you mean?&nbsp; I'm trying really hard."

"I know that sweety.&nbsp; It's just that the only guaranteed way that I can get a hard on is if the girl giving it to me is in some sort of distress."

Miss Kerry continued.&nbsp; "That's right.&nbsp; And remember, there's no need to feel that you've failed - this isn't a punishment, it's just a necessary thing to make the experience pleasurable for Daddy."

"No please ..."

Mr R cut in, "It's OK, Mummy's just going to give you a sore tummy, OK?&nbsp; That will help to make me nice and hard."

Miss Kerry took a bottle of liquid off one of the shelves.&nbsp; "Here, drink this."&nbsp; Prissy refused, but K forced it down her throat, and then held her mouths shut so she could not spit it out.

"That will take a few minutes to work, but in the meantime, I'd like you to know what to expect.&nbsp; Have you ever had food poisoning?"

Prissy shuddered at the thought - her real parents, unbeknown to her - had given her some tainted oysters, just for fun, and she had been terribly ill for a whole day, constantly needing to run to the bathroom.

"Yes, maam."

"OK, well what you're about to experience is something like that, but focussed on your tummy.&nbsp; It's been found that it's a particularly awful thing to experience combined with choking on cock for the first time."

Within seconds, Prissy began to moan, and R began to get hard for the first time.&nbsp; Prissy began to beg.&nbsp; "Please, I need to go to the bathroom.&nbsp; Let me go!"

Miss Kerry looked down at her in disgust.&nbsp; "Naughty girls don't get to go to the bathroom.&nbsp; You'll be allowed to go when you get Daddy to come, OK?"

Prissy suffered terribly, as the cramps cut through her, but she tried hard to keep on sucking on the man's cock.&nbsp; Miss Kerry pointed out to her what she should be concentrating on, and that helped her, but she felt terrible during the whole ordeal.

After a brutal skullfucking, R was ready to cum, so Miss Kerry&nbsp; ordered Prissy to keep the cock down her throat, as he thrust deep, choking her.&nbsp; As he came, he sent some of it down her throat, and then pulled out to coat her face with the remains.&nbsp; Prissy cried from the pain and the shame, and tried to rub off the cum.

"NO! Don't you dare, you stupid bitch!"&nbsp; Miss Kerry slapped her hard across the face.&nbsp; "NEVER take the cum off your face until you are told you are allowed to."

"Please, may I go to the bathroom now?&nbsp; My stomach hurts me something awful ..."

The two sadists shook their heads.&nbsp; "Now Prissy, aftercare is a very important part of the blowjob.&nbsp; Your man might want you to hold him gently as the orgasm is leaving him.&nbsp; Mr R.&nbsp; What would you like Prissy to do for you as aftercare?"

Mr R. looked down at her.&nbsp; "You dirty stupid&nbsp; bitch.&nbsp; Look at you with all that cum on you.&nbsp; You look so disgusting."

Prissy was crying again, upset both at her state, and the verbal abuse that she was taking.

Miss Kerry shook her head.&nbsp; "You're right.&nbsp; I'm sure that the only reason she's allowed herself to get into this state is because she didn't expect to be punished for it."

The man nodded.&nbsp; "So true - as they say, spare the rod, spoil the cunt."

Miss Kerry smiled.&nbsp; "Indeed.&nbsp; And seeing as she keeps on complaining about her poor poor tummy, I think we should give her a good stomach beating. I'll arrange her."

Miss Kerry forced Prissy up to her feet, and tied her hands above her head to a rope.&nbsp; Both of the sadists walked around her.&nbsp; Mr R. taunted her "Your mommy and daddy are very upset with the way you look.&nbsp; Would you like to apologize?"

Prissy had tears running down her face, as her stomach was killing her, and she desperately felt the urge to go to the bathroom.&nbsp; "I'm so sorry daddy.&nbsp; I don't know what I did wrong.&nbsp; I'm sorry. Please let me down."

They continued to walk around her, coming close to her face.&nbsp; Miss Kerry let fly a wad of spit right into her eye, while R. forced his tongue down her throat and gave her a vicious French kiss.&nbsp; 

"Did you enjoy sucking daddy's cock?"&nbsp; Prissy shook her head.&nbsp; "No.&nbsp; I hate it."

"Good." Mr R. said, leering at her.&nbsp; "I like that you hate it.&nbsp; So how about this, then?"

He pulled back his right hand and punched her forcefully, right in the stomach.&nbsp; Prissy immediately began to dry retch, and the sadists laughed as they left her tied up, trying to bend over to catch her breath.

When she finally calmed down, Miss Kerry walked back to her.&nbsp; 

Well, bitch, as a cock sucker you make a good toilet, but you&#8217;ll learn in time how to please a man properly. In the meantime, we had better get on with your next lesson.

Taking her down, her teacher walked her over to the bathroom and ordered her to relieve herself in front of them. Prissy strained for a few minutes, but eventually had to give up. Mr R laughed and told her that only time would heal her stomach, but in the meantime, they would prepare her for her &#8216;Introduction to Torture&#8217; period.

Prissy Gets Sore Titties

Miss Kerry turned to Mr R and asked what he felt she should begin with. Just looking at her, I would say that she deserves to get very sore titties.

Miss Kerry clapped her hands and smiled. A wonderful idea! I know just the man to help me out with the lesson.

The cruel teacher then ordered Prissy to thank Mr R for his attentions, and he left the room. A few moments later, a man wearing a long white coat entered. Hello, Miss Kerry. I believe you required my services?

Yes indeed. We have a problem with this one over here, she gestured towards the girl as though pointing out the origins of a terrible smell. 

What seems to be the problem?

The problem is that she woke up this morning, and her titties weren't sore."

"Oh dear! We can't have that continuing.&nbsp; I have just the thing for it.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s take her to the medical center."

They walked down a hallway and reached a room that looked like a cross between a dentist&#8217;s office and a South American interrogation cell. Prissy was forced down into a wooden chair, and her top was taken off, along with her bra.&nbsp; The doctor took a close look at her breasts.&nbsp; "I can see the problem right here." he said, pointing at her nipples.&nbsp; "When were these last tortured?"

Miss Kerry sighed.&nbsp; "I'm not sure. Probably days ago."

Dr Paul looked at her in mock surprise. "Well no WONDER.&nbsp; These younger sluts, especially, need to have their nipples mistreated every day.&nbsp; I'm going to start with a little bit of overstimulation.&nbsp; Now this is called a vibrator - I know you've seen one before, but this has several settings.&nbsp; I'll start on the low setting, which will give your nipples a nice tingly feeling."

Prissy sighed quietly in a weird form of relief as he ran the implement over her nipples.&nbsp; Although it was humiliating, she was feeling some pleasure from the gentle caress.&nbsp; Miss Kerry stood over her face, stroking it.&nbsp; "Maybe you'd like me to rub your clit as well?"&nbsp; Prissy could not answer - she was still sore, but her nipples were getting hard, responding to the caresses.

Dr Paul kept up the stimulation.&nbsp; "Now Prissy, I'm going to turn up the intensity a little, and this might feel a bit uncomfortable, but it shouldn't hurt.&nbsp; If it does, tell me straight away, OK?"

He adjusted a knob, and suddenly Prissy arched her back and screeched in agony.&nbsp; "I think that really did hurt her!" Miss Kerry laughed sadistically.&nbsp; 

"Yes", Dr Paul replied.&nbsp; "An electric shock sent through a blood filled nipple tends to do that."&nbsp; Dr Paul sent a few more shocks through her nipple, before turning back the setting and moving to her other nipple.&nbsp; "Alright Prissy, now you know what's coming, so I want you to try to stop your nipple getting hard.&nbsp; If you can do that, then you won't get a nasty shock, OK?"

Prissy tried hard to avoid the shock, but inevitably, her nipple grew hard under the caresses, and the torture continued.&nbsp; When she had been shocked about a dozen times on each side, the doctor put down the torture implement, and reached for a long syringe.&nbsp; Throughout her life, Prissy had been trained well to be afraid of needles - her parents making a big fuss of any injection that she needed to get, and dwelling on the experiences.&nbsp; This had been deliberate, of course, to make the eventual trauma when she was to be tortured with needles that much worse.&nbsp; Of course, on her 'birthday', she had suffered badly through the use of needles, so she was very afraid.&nbsp; She got even more afraid when Dr Paul explained what was going to happen.

"Prissy, you're soon going to get a titty beating, but first I need to inject you with this.&nbsp; I can't tell you exactly what it is, but it is a mixture of hormones and other substances that will make your body think that you are in an advanced stage of pregnancy.&nbsp; Your milk production will be rapidly stimulated, and you will feel some very interesting things."

As he injected her into the right tit, and then the left, she let out a scream.&nbsp; Within a short amount of time, she began to feel nauseous again, and her breasts started to ache.&nbsp; A tiny bit of milk appeared at the tip of her nipples, and ran down them, as the breast area around the nipples became hard and sore.&nbsp; Dr Paul turned to Miss Kerry "Blocked milk ducts are extremely unpleasant.&nbsp; Can you please check that her nipples are sore?"

Miss Kerry bent over and grabbed the poor girl's tortured nips, giving them a nice squeeze.&nbsp; The screech of agony answered the question nicely in the affirmative.&nbsp; Dr Paul took out the next torture device, which would be awful at any time - a sock filled with sand.&nbsp; The first blow across her breasts almost caused her to dislocate her shoulders in her restraints, as she rose up in pain.&nbsp; She passed out, but was quickly awoken again by Miss Kerry squeezing her breasts.&nbsp; Her entire tits looked like one tremendous bruise.

"Show her how she looks", Dr Paul told Miss Kerry Miss Kerry brought over a large mirror, and forced Prissy to look at it. "The movie we&#8217;re going to make about this is called 'Prissy Gets Sore Titties'. Do you have sore titties yet?"

Prissy was crying as she looked at what she felt must be her ruined mammaries. "Yes, they're very sore."

"Worse than ever?" asked the Dr.

"Much worse."

The Doctor began to explain to both women what was happening. "Because Prissy is producing a large amount of milk, but her ducts are not allowing the milk out, a fair amount of pressure is being built up within her tits. The pain will get worse and worse, until she feels that she is about to explode, and then we will force the milk out of her, with this milking device."

Prissy could feel that already happening to her, her delicate tits expanded at an awful rate. As her moans turned to squeals, the Dr attached a suction device to both of her nipples and turned it on. The powerful suction felt like it was pulling her body through her nipples, and her squeals reached a new height. When her tits were just about emptied of milk, the doctor ripped the suction off her, and cruelly squeezed her nipples in his fingers, rolling them around.

"There may or may not be two or three more cycles of that for her to get through before the hormones stop working on her milk production", the Dr commented.

"Wonderful!" exclaimed Miss Kerry "Would it be OK for me to whip her tits as this is happening?"

"Of course!" replied the doctor. "That will cause even worse pain. But I would advise you to avoid the nipples. They are going to be very cracked and bleeding soon, because of the heavy suction, and I would not like to waste the effects of suction by making them too cut up."

Prissy begged and pleaded for the torment to stop as she felt her breasts begin to fill again. Miss Kerry responded with a hard slap across each of her tits, followed by several strokes of the cane. When the doctor attached the suction device to her again, she almost passed out from the pain, and as it sucked away at her, the cameras moved in for a close up on her horrified face, streaked with tears - the true face of despair, knowing that there was no escape.

This time, when he ripped off the device, her nipples were bleeding, and he licked them roughly.

Miss Kerry gently stroked the sore nipples, getting a wonderful response from the poor girl. "Do you think there will be another cycle?"

The Dr stared at Prissy. "I certainly hope so. Because her nipples have started to bleed already, this one will be particularly horrible for her. But we will have to wait and see."

Each of them took one of her nipples and gently stimulated them to try to get them erect, smearing them with the blood that was slowly leaking from them. After about ten minutes, a new sound of desperation came to Prissy's voice, as she realised that her tits were once again feeling the pressure of creating milk.&nbsp; Miss K, grinning widely at the doctor, commented, "Well, it looks like we have an answer."

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

The Doctor had lied to Prissy.&nbsp; There was not only one or two cycles of torturous milk production and suction - she was forced to endure five increasingly horrible cycles. At each one, she would be assured that he was sure it was over, but they would have to wait and see. And each time, the two torturers would laugh as she realised that it would be happening again. By the last time, she knew that she could not trust them, so they let her wait for an hour before telling her that it was all over. Her torture session had lasted the whole day, so she was taken back to one of the holding cells where she was allowed to sleep for several hours, assisted by a shot of morphine.

As was the case with all her nights since her initiation into the Thanatos Society, she had suffered terrible nightmares ...

When she woke up, she found to her horror that she was back in the torture room from yesterday, tied to the same chair, with her nipples once again attached to the diabolical suction. Her breasts, thankfully, did not feel full of milk, so that was some relief for her. However, a camera was there to record her reaction to her position.

Her breasts were still in terrible pain from the day before, and as she tried to get comfortable, an alarm went off, alerting her torturers that she had woken up. Dr Paul came in first, enquiring into whether she had slept peacefully, fully knowing the answer.

"Sir, please don't make my breasts fill up again with milk. That hurt so much, I couldn't stand it again."

Dr Paul smiled. "I know, dear. I have already jerked off to your video several times, of your suffering. But don't feel bad that you missed sucking my cock - I saved all my cum in this jar for you!"

Prissy cringed, knowing that he meant that she would have to swallow his awful juice. "And to show you how close we have become, I also brought along this." He pulled out a small bottle filled with what looked like a curdled strawberry milkshake. "Can you guess who's milk this is?"

Prissy went into a new frenzy. Surely they would not make her drink her own milk. "You guessed it! Of course, it's a little pinker than usual, but that's from your blood which also got sucked out of your poor nips." He poured out all of the cum from the jar into the bottle of Prissy-milk, and mixed it up well. 

"Here, have a drink". Prissy tried to resist, and shook her head. "No. That's disgusting. You can't make me drink that."

Dr Paul turned around as Miss Kerry entered the room. They greeted each other in a friendly manner. "The bitch doesn't want to have her breakfast."

Miss Kerry arched her eyebrows. "What have you prepared for her?"

"It's a nice concoction with some of my cum, which she should be honored to know was inspired by watching the film we made with her yesterday ..."

Miss Kerry giggled. "Yes, I heard you beating off in your room. You must have really been turned on by it."

Dr Paul continued, "What's not to be turned on by? The torture of a pretty girl! Especially when you know that you're going to get another turn the next day. Oh, and we added in all the milk that she made herself, which was, luckily enough, also mixed with some of her own blood."

Miss Kerry looked at Prissy in disgust. "You better drink this, slut, or else do you know what we're going to do?"

Prissy looked at her in horror, and could only shake her head slowly.

Dr Paul answered for her. "We're going to repeat yesterday's procedure, and mix in that milk as well! So I'd advise you to drink it now."

Prissy was overwhelmed. "Okay, sir. I will drink it. Please don't hurt my boobs anymore."

Dr Paul gave untied her hands and gave her the bottle. As Prissy was slowly raising it to her lips, Miss Kerry stopped her. "Wait. There's nothing in there that I gave you. I think we've all become close enough that I should contribute something as well." 
With that, she pulled up her skirt, and took down her panties, as she pissed into a bucket that was near the door. Once she had stopped, she took the bucket and poured the contents into the bottle.&nbsp; "That should do it!"

Prissy looked at the bottle in her hands. She knew that it would be horrible to drink, but she had to do anything to avoid more tit torture. Her first sip almost caused her to heave, but she kept going. It took her close to ten minutes, but finally it was all drained. She did everything she could to keep herself from throwing it up, and quietly shook as she sat in the torture chair.

Miss Kerry looked over at Dr Paul. "She certainly drank that quickly, and so neatly too."

Dr Paul smiled. "True, she must really hate having her tits hurt."

Miss Kerry nodded "And you know what that means?"

Dr Paul nodded too. "Of course. This movie is only going to get better."

Dr Paul began to play with the suction device, as Miss Kerry again tied Prissy's hands to the bed. "But you promised - I drank the drink and you said I wouldn't have to have my boobs hurt again!"

Dr Paul shook his head. "I don't remember promising anything like that at all. In fact, we're not going to be milking you again today, because you've used up all your milk. But we're still going to be using the milker on your nipples for a bit . You'll find this can be very uncomfortable - some would say downright agonising, but I'm not going to be doing it for long."

As soon as the machine was turned on, Prissy gave a wonderful performance for the camera, writhing and crying at the horrible pain. In some ways, this felt even worse than yesterday - as though the machine was trying to suck all of the fat out of her tits. On and on the suction went, as she begged the doctor to turn it off. Finally, he did so, and again roughly yanked the cups off her nips.

As she looked down, a trickle of blood was running down her front.

From a bag, Miss Kerry pulled out an item of clothing. "Do you remember this?"

Prissy looked at it. For a moment she was unsure, but suddenly it struck her that it must be what she thought - her very first bra. A simple black cotton bra that her mother had bought for her.

"That's one of my old bras", she replied.

"Not just any old bra. This was the one that you begged your mother to get you when she wanted to buy one that was a bit cheaper. She tells me that you went on one of your crying fits when she wouldn't buy it at first, so she spent the money on it for you. You were so happy, then, weren't you?"

Prissy became upset at the memory. Her girlfriend Joanne was six months older, and her mother had bought her a really nice bra when she needed one, and Prissy just wanted to fit in. She remembered the day she showed it off to Joanne, and how good it felt when her friend said how nice it looked on her. She felt horrible because the fact that this evil woman had such a precious object of hers was because her own parents had betrayed her.

Miss Kerry smiled at what she knew was going through the girl's mind. "Your mother gave us this bra, but she insisted that it be used in your first tit torture film, which is what we're making now. In this first scene, you're going to try it on, as though for the first time. I know your breasts are now quite a bit bigger, so it might be hard to get it to fit snugly, but the straps have been made a bit larger so that only your tits will be squeezed."

Prissy put on the bra, noticing with horror, even before she tied the straps, that her breasts were spilling out from the sides of the cups.&nbsp; Even though it was a comfortable bra, the fact that her tits had been so badly tortured over the previous day or so meant that they were rubbed uncomfortably. As she did up the straps, she felt and looked quite miserable.

Dr Paul asked Prissy "How does that feel?"

The girl answered quietly, "Uncomfortable, sir."

Miss Kerry had Prissy's arms tied above her head, and then took a very thin, long cord and began tying it around Prissy's chest, just above her tits. When she had circled her torso several times, she tied off the cord.&nbsp; She then took another cord and did the same, this time just under the teenagers agonised mammaries. She again completed this by tying it off. The two cords were pressing into her skin severely, and Prissy's tits were quite emphasised, even more than they would have been had the small bra been on her. Before she knew what was happening, Miss Kerry had taken a shorter cord, and used it to connect the upper and lower cords, in the valley between her two breasts. She began to tighten the torturous 'cord bra' by twisting a piece of wood stuck in the shorter cord, which caused it to twist, and bring the upper and lower cords closer together, crushing Prissy's poor tits. Miss Kerry did not stop until the cords were touching in the middle, so that all of Prissy's tit meat was being somehow tormented by the cords or by the small bra.&nbsp; 

Prissy was weeping openly now, asking, begging, that her breasts be released. Miss Kerry had other things in mind. Pulling down a hook attached to a pulley from the ceiling, she attached the hook to a slight loop that was formed by the middle, shorter cord. Prissy was forced to stand up, as her hands were tied behind her back, and the pulley was raised so that it was putting further pressure on her breasts.

Miss Kerry called Dr Paul over. "Does she look alright?"

Dr Paul looked closely at her. "She looks more than alright. She looks downright sexy as hell!"

"OK, the doctor agrees, Prissy is ready for her first titty hanging."

Prissy began to squeal again, so Miss Kerry stuffed a gag into her mouth. "This could get loud", Miss Kerry warned Dr Paul. Inch by inch, Miss Kerry pressed the control that made the pulley lift the girl ever higher, onto her tippy toes, until finally she left the ground completely, kicking and cycling in the air in a desperate attempt to touch the ground again. Even through the gag, her pain was clear for anyone to hear. After about ninety seconds, Miss Kerry brought her down so that she could rest for a moment.

"Interval training!" yelled Dr Paul enthusiastically.

"Exactly." replied Miss Kerry&nbsp; After a little less than a minute, Prissy felt that she was being lifted up again, and almost threw her back out trying to avoid the torment. "90 seconds hanging, 60 seconds rest, as many reps as we like."

The Dr and Miss Kerry laughed at Prissy's aerobic program as over and over she was lifted up, only to be given the shortest of rests, knowing that her torment would be coming regularly and inescapably. After perhaps twenty rounds of this, Miss Kerry finally let her down properly, allowing her to sit on the floor. Miss Kerry screamed at her to get into a kneeling position, which she did quickly, once she felt the pulley moving into action again. Miss Kerry cut the cords off her, and also cut the middle of her training bra, along with the straps, so that it came off.

Without warning, a large group of men began to enter the room - all naked, and almost all with obvious throbbing erections. One by one, and sometimes more than one at a time, they walked up to Prissy and completed jerking off onto her tits. Miss Kerry occasionally had to remind one of them that they were to aim at her tits, and not at her face, regardless of what they might have been used to. Within minutes her tits were covered in cum. One man - who would have been in his early seventies - walked up but he did not have an erection. "Would you mind," he asked Miss K, "if I still took part in this? I couldn't keep from cumming before - Prissy was just too sexy for words - so I can't cum on her right now, but I do have a need to piss somewhere ..."

"Of course, sir. Go right ahead. Maybe go for her hair, this time."

This the man did, soaking her hair in foul smelling piss, much of which splashed into her eyes as well.

As the men filed out of the room, Prissy was beyond tears. She always knew that there was no such thing as believing that things could not get worse, but this had been such a horrible experience, she needed to rest or she would have gone insane.

"I'm sure you figured it out, but those men have been watching the making of your film today - that's why they were all so aroused and ready to cum all over you."

Dr Paul came over and looked at her. "Once again, Prissy becomes a cum dump. You'd think the fun would end eventually, but she is truly the gift that keeps on giving."

Miss Kerry laughed at this. "She truly is. A real little torture doll. I think we need to let her have the night off now, though."

They fully untied Prissy, but did not let her wipe off any of the cum. Walking her down the corridoor, people passing them commented on her dishevelled state, but they finally made it to one of the shared bedrooms. This one was quite minimalist, but there were two beds in the room. However, one of them did not have a mattress on it, but had its springs exposed, and just a heavy plastic cover over it.

Prissy was placed on the bed, face down, and her hands were tied to one end of the bed.&nbsp; Her feet were also tied, but this time to a higher point at the foot of the bed. IN this way, she was virtually lying on her pained tits, with only a pillow beneath her head. She was left in this position - uncomfortable, tits aching, and covered in cum and piss, until they came to collect her the next morning.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Picana


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





