BDSM Library -  Fantastical Creatures




 Fantastical Creatures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A number of stories about creatures that don't exist. But maybe they should!






The Princess played in her walled garden. It was a lovely garden, planted with every type of beautiful and sweet smelling flower that could be found. She had many beautiful toys: balls and hoops and dolls and a swing that hung from a strong, handsome tree in the center of the garden. There was a soft lawn to play on and a hammock to rest on when she grew tired of playing.

It was a safe garden. The walls were ten feet high and made of strong stone. Ivy and roses climbed up them on the inside, but on the outside were spikes and thorns that would poison anyone that tried to climb over the walls. There was only one gate. It was also ten feet tall and could only be opened by the Princess's mother and father. 

Like the flowers in her garden, the Princess herself was beautiful and sweet. She had long hair and bright eyes and clear skin and all of it was set off by her beautiful long pink dress. Like the flowers she had been raised behind high protective walls. She had been tutored by her governess, but only in subjects that were appropriate for such a princess. She was very intelligent and could read, analyze and do calculus, but her education had skipped even the rougher parts of history and information about the world outside her walls. She could name every country on a map of the world, but she knew nothing of any bad thing that might have happened. She had never heard of war, jail or death. She had been presented to every head of state that had come to visit her mother and father during her life, but only for a moment. She had come up to each, been introduced, curtseyed a sweet little curtsy, said a sweet little "It's an honor to meet you," and then been escorted right back into her safe and protected rooms or over to her safe walled garden. She had lately been growing to a beautiful womanhood, but she was so protected she hardly knew this.

Philamina galloped over the grass covered plains. Light shone on her glossy white coat and glinted off of her golden horn and hooves. She felt the pure joy of wind blowing her mane and the power of her legs as they carried her running across the fields. The pull of instinct told her where she was going and she followed with joy. She saw the high walls in the distance and she increased her speed. She was almost there. They got nearer and nearer and then she jumped! She sailed easily over the walls and landed, Thumpthump, on a soft lawn right next to a very surprised princess.

The Princess was so startled she couldn't speak for a moment. When she recovered she said, "You're a unicorn!"

Philamina knickered a unicorn laugh and pretended to look back in surprise at her own body. "Why, I am!" she exclaimed in mock surprise. 

"What are you doing here?" the Princess asked.

"This," Philamina responded, as she knocked the Princess backwards into a flower bed. The Princess was now on her back a few feet above the lawn in a raised flower bed. Philamina used her horn to deftly toss the skirt of her dress over the Princess's face. In the seconds that the girl struggled with her skirt Philamina pierced the girl's panties with her horn and kept going, right into her, piercing her hymen. The Princess wailed in pain, fright and humiliation. Philamina pulled out just a bit and then thrust in again. The Princess could feel each bump of that spiral horn as it went in and out of her over and over again. She couldn't understand what was happening. What was this unicorn doing to her? Unicorns were supposed to be good. What was happening? She began to cry. 

Then it was over. The Princess looked up at the unicorn. There was blood on her golden horn. The gate rattled and opened. The King stood there. "Ah! Philamina! I was thinking it was about that time." 

"Your Majesty," Philamina bowed her front half down, "It is done."

"Excellent! I know of two or three young men who would make excellent suitors. I'll have to have my men write their fathers at once."

"Father?" said the Princess, quite shocked. She hurt. She was confused. 

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"The unicorn hurt me!" she cried out. Philamina slipped out the gate.

"Oh honey, it only hurts for a little bit." 

"But why?"

"Because the blood of innocent little girls is how unicorns live forever, and being deflowered by a unicorn is how become a queen like your mother."

"Why?"

"You're going to have to ask your mother that. Let's go find her."

And so the King and the Princess slipped out of the garden to search for the Queen.










Bluraeg was hungry. He sniffed the air hoping to scent a meal, but he smelled only inedible things. He crouched in the underbrush that lined the road to the city. He hadn't eaten in months, not since the old man had died.

When the old man lived, Bluraeg had been fat. Bluraeg remembered feeling the call. He wished he could feel the call again, some other person finding the old records of the spell the old man had found. He had been a much younger man then. Not a youth, certainly, at thirtysix summers or so, but not yet old either. He was not a sage or a wizard or a wiseman, just a man who had been taught letters by a kindly priest as a boy and had a curious mind. 

He was an unwise man. He was also selfish and cared little for the wellbeing of others. These qualities had led him into a dilemma. His eldest daughter was with child. Her name was Thora. He was quite angry at her for getting pregnant. He already had six girls and his wife had died. He didn't need another useless mouth to feed, nor a baby's squalling interrupting his peace. She shouldn't have been so alluring, looking at him with her damnably beautiful eyes. She shouldn't have stood so close to him, taunting him with her young and shapely body. She should have fought him harder, instead of just crying and saying "No Papa! What are you doing, Papa? No!" over and over again, until after the third or fourth time he came to her she just sniffled. She didn't even fight him off anymore. The slut! If it weren't him it would have been some other village man or boy. He was sure of it. 

And he was certain people would be asking questions about who the baby's father was. He didn't want that, either. All of this was why on that afternoon so long ago he had looked up the spell in the book he had bought from the bookseller at the market years before. He was no mage. He had only attempted one of the spells before, a small one that should have made the firewood inexhaustible. Instead, it had made the firewood he cast it upon unignitable. He had tossed the book to the back of the woodpile in anger at that time, but on this day he was desperate enough to try again. He found the spell and set about collecting the necessary materials.

As the spell book instructed, he laid out the specified herbs: henbane and hellbore and monkshood. He inscribed the sigil on the table and placed the candles in their places along those lines. He placed an ember from the fire into the censer and called for Thora to come join him. He concealed a small knife in his right hand and sprinkled the herbs on the ember with his left&nbsp; as his daughter entered the room. The smoke was foul. "Give me your hand," he commanded her. An obedient girl she offered her hand without hesitation to her father. He grabbed her forearm firmly, pulled her wrist over the censer and knicked it with the knife. She cried out and tried to withdraw her arm, but he held her too tightly. The blood dripped down and hissed as it hit the glowing ember. After several drops of blood had fallen on herbs and ember he let go of her arm. She pulled back and as she nursed the cut she heard him say, "Womb feeder, child eater, come and claim your meal. For you here waits tonight a life that you may steal." 

Thora's eyes grew wide as she heard these words. She'd never heard of such a thing, something that might eat the child inside her. She'd been afraid already, of course. Unmarried, pregnant. No girl she'd known had had such a thing happen to her, but she'd heard stories of girls forced into prostitution, or babes given to deserving married women and girls forced to live the rest of their lives alone and disgraced. But she'd never heard of anything that fit the discription her father had just intoned. Her fear turned into terror. For a moment she thought to run, but she had no where she could run. She held her breath, waiting for something to appear.

Nothing happened. 

"Blasted piece of dung. I should have never wasted a single coin on this wretched, useless book," her father growled. He flung the book back behind the woodpile, doused the ember and blew out the candles. He stomped out of the room in a fury. 

Thora let out her breath and went to the barn to do the evening chores.

Many miles away Bluraeg smelled the pregnant girl's blood. Food! He heard the call and listened carefully so he could follow it to its source. Then he began to run.

It was the quietest part of the night, hours before dawn, when he arrived at the little farm outside the village. He'd been able to smell the pregnant girl for some time now, and he followed her scent to her father's room. He slipped into the room silently.

Father and daughter both woke at nearly the same time, sensing the unexpected presence that shared the room with them. Thora screamed at the frightful creature. Instantly Bluraeg slipped an image into her father's mind along with a physical sensation of grabbing her wrists, his knees on her shoulders, squatting with his nether parts pressed into her face so as to muffle her screams. Her father required no more prompting to hold her down and cover her face, his balls falling over her chin. 

Bluraeg grabbed her ankles and spread them apart. He shoved his face into her cunt and moved his hands to her hips for the best leverage. She kicked and squirmed, but his kind was designed for this sort of abuse. He barely felt her bare heels striking his back. He slipped his hollow tongue up her birth canal and found the opening of her cervix. Her screams turned to wails of pain as he forced his toungue into her womb. Chemicals in his saliva mimicked the hormones her own body would have produced in labor and her womb began contracting. They came on unnaturally quickly, with no time between each pain. She moaned and cried as these terrible parodies of labor pains racked her body. Bluraeg scraped his toungue hard against the walls of her womb, setting off more screams. He loosened and detached the blood filled tissues, sucking them up like horde'vours. Then he pierced the water sac with his toungue and sucked the tiny developing babe out through his anteater like toungue. He savored the taste. He washed it down with the amniotic fluid and blood. For dessert he sucked down the sac itself. There was no more delicious taste in the world than this, he thought.

Finally, satiated, he withdrew his toungue. Her father looked up then and saw his third daughter in the doorway, staring in shock at the threesome. 

"You be good or this is what will happen to you, too," he warned sternly, "Now get back to your bed!" He got up off of Thora as the younger girl left, terrified. Thora curled up in shock and pain, unable to think or understand what had just happened.

Bluraeg had other ideas about his third daughter and (as he read the man's mind) Thora's other sisters as well. He sent these to the man, images of him raping and impregnating each of his daughters, the feeding, and then doing it again and again and again.

And so it came to pass. For many years Bluraeg ate well and grew fat. But unlike Bluraeg's kind, men are mortal. The old man eventually died. Bluraeg left the old man's daughters then. They were now nearing the point where they could no longer provide him with food and Bluraeg could not impregnate them. Without a man to do so they were useless to him. He left the traumatized women to the rest of their lives, whatever they might be. 

And he crouched in the dark, listening, smelling, hoping he would scent his next meal soon.












The gloob thrummed and the light was tending toward ultraviolet when it smelled her. An incubator! Excellent! It sent an exploratory tentacle towards her. She emitted a very energetic set of waves at around 3kHz. It knew from prior experience that this signalling often preceded flight, so it grabbed her with its exploratory tentacle before that could happen. She struggled, but it had anticipated this as well and was already bringing in a manipulative tentacle to assist its exploratory tentacle in bringing her closer to its main trunk. This maneuver completed, it could bring all of its manipulative tentacles around to wrap around her bony not-tentacles. Even with their hard, bony insides her not-tentacles were no match for its muscular manipulative tentacles. They wrapped around those bony protuberances and she struggled fruitlessly in their grasp.

It wrapped a manipulative tentacle around her waist, pulling her tight against its trunk. It tucked another one into her open mouth to muffle those signalling energy waves. It knew that this was how this species signalled others of their species. It had several sensory organ rich exploratory tentacles and many tough, muscular manipulative tentacles, but it only had one impregnation tentacle. Extra individuals of this species could only complicate things. It couldn't impregnate more than one at a time and they often became aggressive when seeing one of their own being impregnated.

But none of this mattered, because now her signalling organ was stuffed full with the end of a manipulative tentacle. It could feel her hard, sharp food grinding tissues as she attempted to bite down on the intruder, but its manipulative tentacles were covered with a thick protective skin. It was sort of like a massage. Almost pleasant.

Another oddity of this species was it's near lack of fur, despite the coolness of the planet on which they lived. There was some on the head and near the crotch, some under the arms, a touch on the legs but not anything like what was necessary to keep this species anywhere near their optimal operating temperature over most of the species range on their home planet. Somehow this species had managed to avoid freezing long enough to hit upon the solution of stealing other species fur and making fur like coverings out of plants and other materials on their planet.

It often found that this species usually had the opening to their incubation organs covered. It had no idea how this species managed to impregnate each other with their own young. Perhaps that was why so few of the incubators were incubating when he found them. It was amazing that this species wasn't dying out for lack of reproduction.

None of that was its problem though. Its problem was simply that the covering must be removed in order for it to impregnate this creature. Using a manipulative tentacle it pulled the covering off and tossed it aside. 

The preliminaries taken care of, it got down to work. It pulled out its impregnation tentacle. This tentacle barely had any muscle at all and the skin was thin and stretchy, not thick and protective. The end was already slick with lubricating fluid and it deftly slipped that end into the creature that squirmed in its manipulative tentacles. It quickly found the neck of her incubation organ, but it kept slipping away from its attempts to penetrate it. It pulled its impregnation tentacle out and wiped some of the lubricating fluid onto an unused manipulative tentacle. Then it pushed the now lubricated manipulative tentacle up into the incubators excretion organ. The muscles at the end of the organ spasmed sharply around its manipulative tentacle. It could feel the vibrations from the incubators signalling organ increase significantly through the manipulative tentacle there, but fortunately that tentacle attenuated most of those vibrations. 

The incubator's sight-organs were leaking salty fluid copiously. This was another strange trait of this species. This was a land species, yet the individuals leaked water oddly like the oceans of their planet. The leaked water had no apparent useful effect, but it had noted that nearly every individual incubator of this species did this during impregnation. Perhaps it had something to do with their own impregnation rituals.

It pushed the impregnation tentacle back into the incubator, up against the neck of the incubation organ. It flattened the end of the manipulative tentacle in the incubators excretion organ so that it could cradle the incubation organ through the other tissues, holding it steady. Now it began slowly opening the neck of the incubation organ. The vibrations from its signal hole increased and the incubator squirmed even more vigorously in the hold of the manipulative tentacles, but the tentacles held fast. Slowly the almost non-existant hole opened to the pressure of the impregnation tentacle. The incubator's body tightened and arched. She no longer moved against the manipulative tentacles with purpose, trying to escape. Now she moved in paroxysms, like a seizure. She whipped her head back and forth. Her spine arched backwards and forwards. The vibrations from her signalling organ became random and changed frequency often. None of this bothered it as it continued to slowly pry open the neck of the incubation organ.

Finally, the neck of the incubation organ had been sufficiently opened and the tip of the impregnation tentacle entered the incubation organ. It sent an egg through the hollow impregnation tentacle. The egg made a small bulge as it moved through the tentacle. It slowed as it entered her, due to the greater resistance of her body. The vibrations from her signalling organ increased again, but she moved only weakly. The egg passed through the impregnation tentacle, stretching her tissues, slowly stretching the already stretched neck of her incubation organ to pass through and settle in her incubation organ. Then the impregnation tentacle excreted a sticky, clotting liquid that would plug the open neck of her incubation organ until it closed naturally on it's on over the next few days. 

Its work done it pulled out its impregnation tentacle and tucked it back into its protective trunk. It lower the incubator to the ground and let it go. The incubator collapsed on the ground, panting, shaky and in shock, unable to move. This was what always happened after it impregnated an incubator, so it was not concerned. It oozed away to eat and rest before finding another incubator to impregnate. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  enJoy me


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





