BDSM Library - To Master on His Birthday




To Master on His Birthday
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Forced separation on her Master's birthday forces her to be creative.






(for d)

He opens the envelope that has just been delivered, somewhat surprised at the contents: a note from her and eight photographs. The note reads:

To Master on His Birthday,

I&#8217;m sorry circumstances dictate we be separated today. I hope the enclosed photographs will make up for that in some small way. If not, I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;ll have used our forced time apart to come up with some deviously appropriate punishment.

I miss you.

Love,
h

He smiles to himself; she knows him almost too well. He has, in fact, been planning something, but it would unfortunately have to wait. The photographs, though . . . he is pleasantly surprised to receive them, knowing full well how much she despises being the subject of any picture. 

Photograph #1
A close-up view of her bound breasts, rubber bands of various sizes and colours criss-crossing. Her already-generous breasts appear even larger, swollen by the constriction of the bands. The notation on the back of the photograph reads: Instead of a spank for each year, a snap instead?

Photograph #2
A second close-up view of her still-bound breasts, this time with the addition of clothespins placed strategically around each areola. The notation on the back reads: Or punishment of a diabolical sort, should you prefer.

Photograph #3
A half-length shot of her from the back, just after a belt has been applied to her pale skin. A single bright-red welt is clearly visible, along with end of a dark black belt. I did use the correct end of the belt . . . this time.

Photograph #4
A full-length back shot, showing the result of continued application of the belt: a series of red welts up and down her back. Each mark is as a caress from you.

Photograph #5
A view of her pussy, one hand holding her swollen lips apart while the other is plunged four fingers deep into her very wet cunt. I so want to, need to cum . . . .

Photograph #6
Finally her face, hair tousled, eyes staring straight into the lens as she cleans her fingers of her pussy juice from the previous photograph. Can you tell whether I&#8217;ve disobeyed you and cum?

Photograph #7
Her entire body, prone on a bed with red sheets. Her breasts are still bound as before, including the clothespins. Her back is arched, showing off some of the welts she inflicted on herself trying for some trace of him while apart. Legs spread, pussy dripping &#8211; there&#8217;s a visible dark spot on the sheets. All that&#8217;s missing is a bow &#8211; and you.

Photograph #8
A butt plug and a hotel room key, identical to the ones he holds in his hands now.&nbsp; Your birthday gift is waiting for you . . . .



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  hids


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





