BDSM Library - Broader Horizons




Broader Horizons
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  The true story of a humiliating experience I had when I was younger and how a friend introduced me to BD.






Broader Horizons
By MattD
This is the story of how I was introduced to the world of BDSM by a friend of mine. I was an ordinary kind of guy in my thirties, worked the usual 9 to 5 and had had the usual run of girlfriends, but at that time I was single and finding solace looking at porn on the internet. I looked forward to the weekend when I could close the curtains and look for some ravishing beauties to wile away the afternoon. I liked to find pictures of girls fully clothed who, I imagined, would order me to strip and play with myself as they watched.
This fantasy had its roots in an experience I had when I was younger, a solitary youth who didn't fit in in this small town. After leaving school I had gone to the local college and was studying motor mechanics, somewhat reluctantly, but the choice was this or an unemployment check. One afternoon I was walking home as usual. There was a small patch of wasteland that I used to use as a short cut. It was an overgrown place covered in bushes and small trees and the path wound through with foliage at head height on either side of the path. On this particular afternoon I rounded a corner on the path and there was a group of four girls in a clearing, smoking cigarettes and talking.
One of them I recognized immediately, a girl called Amy who went to the same college as me. Though I had never talked to her I knew she had almost been thrown out of college a couple of times and was a bit of a troublemaker. One of the other girls I recognized as being her friend at college, the other two I hadn't seen before. I sensed trouble as soon as I entered the clearing. They looked up and saw me, one of them said something and they all laughed. Head down, I made for the path that led out of the clearing. I was almost there when two of them jumped up, ran over and blocked my path. Amy and her friend stood in front of me, I tried to walk around them but they blocked me again. From the pungent smell in the clearing it was obvious that they had been smoking weed. Amy looked me up and down.
'Where do you think you're going?' she said.
Her friend laughed and looked across at the other two girls. I said I was just going home. Amy's friend said that they were bored and wanted me to stay and talk to them for a while. I said that I really had to get home. 
Amy put her hand on my chest and shoved me backwards. 'If you don't stay and talk to us you'll make me angry and you wouldn't like me when I'm mad. Follow me or you'll regret it.'
There was a small side path leading out of the clearing and Amy led me down it. Her friend followed behind me so I stood no chance of getting away. After ten or fifteen yards the path came to a dead end under the low canopy of a tree, there was just enough room to stand upright and the space was surrounded on all sides by thick undergrowth, the only way in or out being the path back to the clearing. The ground under the tree was bare and earthy, shielded from the light of the sun by the thick foliage overhead. I could hear the other two girls back in the clearing talking and giggling.
Amy looked me up and down again. 'Now' she said, 'we just want to play a little game.'
I stood with my back to the tree. Amy and her friend stood facing me blocking the way out. Her friend leaned over and whispered something to Amy and they both sniggered. Amy's friend told me to take my jacket off or else. I took it off and put it down on the ground next to me.
Amy grinned at me, 'Pull your trousers down,' she said.

I undid my belt and pulled my trousers down to my ankles and stood there in my shorts and my long shirt. The atmosphere had suddenly become more intense, in the silence I could hear Amy and her friend breathing heavily.
'Now,' said Amy 'pull your shorts down.'
I pulled my shorts down. I could feel myself turning bright red as I felt the cool air on my exposed parts, now only covered by my long shirt.
'Lift your shirt up,' said Amy, her voice trembling slightly.
I lifted my shirt up and stood exposed in front of them. Amy leaned forward and took a close look at my cock. She exchanged glances with her friend and they both giggled. Her friend stepped forward and bent down and had a close look. I don't think either of them had seem one properly before. Amy's friend whispered in Amy's ear and Amy told me to put my clothes back on. Then Amy left, going back out to the clearing where the other two girls were still sat. 
I was left there with Amy's friend. I had remembered by now that she was called Kate. She was shortish, but not small, and was wearing jeans and a red and white hooped top under a leather jacket. She had fairly big tits and I could just see that they bulged out over a bra that was slightly too small. Without looking at me, she stepped over and put her hand down my trousers and fumbled with my cock. Still looking away, she grabbed my balls and squeezed them repeatedly. We heard Amy returning along the path and she quickly withdrew her hand, I winced as she caught some hairs around a ring she was wearing. As Amy came back Kate stood there as if nothing had happened.
When Amy came back she had the other two girls with her. One had a kind of long hippy skirt and black hair and had a goth look about her, the other was small with baggy jeans and looked a bit of a tomboy. 
Amy took a joint out of her pocket and lit it. She grinned at the other girls and said 'I think it's time we had a little show.' Pointing to me she said, 'take all your clothes off.'
I did as she said and stood naked in front of the four girls. They took it in turns to get up and closely examine my cock. They made me lift it up so they could see my balls, giggling and making comments to one another. 'Now,' said Amy, 'shake it around.' I shook from side to side so my cock was slapping against my midriff and now stood before them with a semi erection that I could not control.
Now Kate stood up. 'I want to see you cum,' she said. 'Pull your foreskin back.'
I did as she said and my cock hardened into a full erection. Amy leaned forward laughing and slapped it hard. The other three laughed. 
Kate looked mischievously at the gothic girl 'See if you can make him cum.'
'Ewwww,' said the gothic girl, 'I'm not touching it, you do it.'
Kate grinned, 'OK then I will.'
She stood to the side of me so the others could see and started massaging my balls hard. Amy had picked up a stick and was poking my cock and balls with it. Kate gripped my shaft and started to move her hand backwards and forwards. I saw her grin to herself as she felt it start to throb and twitch, I gasped as she rubbed my dry bell-end. Amy and the other two girls had become silent and were watching intently as Kate jerked me off. I knew this was going to be humiliating and tried to stop myself as I felt myself start to cum. Kate was breathing heavily, her hand around my exposed purple head, grinding it inexpertly. I heard Amy gasp as suddenly I came over Kate&#8217;s hand and sleeve. Kate stepped back with a jump. 'You dirty boy,' she said in disgust and tried to wipe her hand and sleeve off on my belly.
Amy looked at me sheepishly and said, 'OK, you can go now but don't tell anyone about this.'
And of course I never did until now. But it explains my interest in jerking off over pictures of clothed women.&nbsp; I had been humiliated and I had gotten off on it.
So, back to the original story of how a friend introduced me to BDSM.&nbsp; My friend used to visit me quite often, we had a mutual interest in motorcycles and we would spend a lot of time talking about engines, customizing, meets and memorable trips. Though he kept his private life to himself I knew that he had homosexual tendencies due to the fact that I had seen some homoerotic literature on his bookshelf and occasionally he would talk wistfully of men he had seen with &#8216;bodies like Greek Gods.&#8217; At this point I was didn&#8217;t know if he liked women at all. 
He was visiting one afternoon and we were surfing the internet looking for some cycle parts and I accidently opened the folder where I kept the pictures of clothed and naked girls I had found on the net and used to jerk off to.&nbsp; As the screen filled with the image of a particular girl from a well known porn site, my favorite girl, I heard him take a quick intake of breath. I went to close the window but he said, &#8216;No, I don&#8217;t mind, she&#8217;s horny as hell. Let&#8217;s have a look at some more.&#8217; 
As we sat there going through my personal jerk pictures, I began to get a hard on and I could feel that he too was being aroused. I suggested that if he liked the pictures I could make him copies to take back home with him. 
After he left I realized that the thought of him seeing my own private personal jerk off pictures, &#8216;my girls&#8217; if you like, was turning me on. I closed the curtains, stripped off and put the pictures on the windows slideshow viewer and was soon sat there with a massive hard on. Then the phone rang. It was my friend.
&#8216;I&#8217;m sat by the computer just looking through those pictures you gave me,&#8217; he said.&nbsp; He was breathing heavily. My cock twitched in my hand and I felt a surge of excitement as I pictured him sat there, naked with a big erection looking at my girls. 
&#8216;What do you think?&#8217; I asked.
&#8216;I especially like the girl who&#8217;s stripping in her bedroom,&#8217; he replied. I felt my balls tighten. That was Louise, my favorite. &#8216;I&#8217;m looking at the last picture where she is lying on the bed with her legs spread.&#8217; 
 I hastily clicked until the same picture was on my screen. &#8216;Oh yes,&#8217; I said nonchalantly, &#8216;she&#8217;s got lovely smooth thighs, I&#8217;d love to run my hand up between them.&#8217;
As he talked to me describing the contours of her body and the pale delicate texture of her nipples I came in a flood over my stomach.
I didn&#8217;t see him for a while but he sent me some of his own pictures. Men and women in cages tied up and suspended. We exchanged pictures a few times and each time we would go through them on the phone together, breathing heavily.
Then one day there was a knock at the door and there was my friend. I made him a drink and we sat down. I had a load of new pictures on the computer that I wanted to show him but he preempted me.
&#8216;I want to ask you a favor,&#8217; he said. He looked embarrassed but could tell by his trembling hands he was horny. &#8216;I&#8217;ve had this fantasy, this master and slave fantasy, and maybe if you wanted you could help me out.&#8217;
&#8216;OK, tell me more,&#8217; I said.
&#8216;I want a slave boy, would you help me? It&#8217;s embarrassing to ask, but if you&#8217;re not into it, no harm done,&#8217; he said.
He explained and told me what he would like me to do. He&#8217;d brought along a loin cloth and a tight plastic bag, which I would need to put over my cock and balls and fasten there with a rubber band. As he talked I felt a growing excitement. As he sat there on the sofa I felt my eyes drawn towards the bulge in his trousers and wondered how big his cock was and what it would feel like in my hand. So, I agreed.
While he sat on the sofa waiting I went into the bathroom, stripped, put his bag over my cock and balls and wrapped the loincloth around my waist pulling it up tightly between my legs and tying behind. I looked a bit like a poor imitation of Kirk Douglas in Sparticus. I went back to the main room where he sat, still fully dressed, on the sofa.
 I sat down on my computer chair self-consciously covering my bulge with my hands. My cock and balls were already beginning to sweat in the plastic and the rubber band tight around the base of my cock and balls was giving me a hard on but everything was held down by the tight loincloth.
&#8216;Show me your favorite girl,&#8217; he ordered, pointing towards the computer screen.
After a few clicks I had a picture of Louise on the screen. My cock was getting stiffer and sweatier in its plastic prison. Louise must be about 20 years old with a body and face to die for. Her elfin green eyes and long brown hair have always made me crazy. Her breasts are a nice handful, rounded when she leans forward and slightly pointed when she leans back. Her bum is just right, perfect really, not too big and not too small.&nbsp; She has done many photo-shoots and I&#8217;m sure I&#8217;m not the only one who has lusted after her. She&#8217;s one of those girls who seems too beautiful to strip naked for the camera, but she&#8217;s not shy and spreads herself wide.&nbsp; In most shoots her meaty pussy is unshaven. Her thighs are the part of her that turn me on most. She has perfect thighs with soft white skin on the inner sides leading up to her pussy.
My friend stood behind me, he too was drinking in the shape of her body. He sat back down on the sofa and told me to swivel my chair around to face him. I did so and he grabbed the sides of the chair and pulled it towards him so he was sat between my legs. My cock was swollen in the loincloth and he reached with both hands and started to massage my bulge, his face only inches from it. He loosened the loincloth slightly, reached underneath, grabbed my cock through the plastic that still imprisoned it and wrenched my foreskin back. I gasped at the sudden violent movement. The tightness of my foreskin around the shaft was now making my erection stronger.
He got up, went to the computer and found a large picture of Louise spreading her pussy.&nbsp; Sitting back down he reached under my loincloth and grabbed my hard shaft and started to slide the plastic sheath over it up and down. The plastic slid easily backwards and forwards, my sweat and pre-cum lubricating the inside. My cock was now rock solid. I could feel the warmth of his hand as he held the sensitive end of it and squeezed.
&#8216;I want to look at it now, slave,&#8217; he said, and ripped the loincloth off. My cock sprang free huge, thick and swollen, still in its slippery plastic home. He held it and vigorously jerked it for a minute or so until he felt it start to twitch and he knew I was on my way to cuming.&nbsp; 
&#8216;Now, it&#8217;s time to feel you naked in my hand,&#8217; he said. He pulled of the rubber band and pulled away the plastic to expose my balls which he started to rub with the palm of his hand. &#8216;Undo my trousers,&#8217; he ordered. Still between my legs he stood up and I loosed his belt and pulled his pants down. His cock was bigger than I thought and stiff already. &#8216;Make me cum over you,&#8217; he told me sternly.&nbsp; As I started to jerk his big cock he pulled off the plastic sheath and held my slippery shaft in his bare hand. We came together, he spat a warm stream over my belly and I sprayed upwards covering his cock and balls with a thick stream.
So, that&#8217;s the story. Tame by many standards and not particularly well told, but it opened up a whole new world and now I like to think I would try anything.




























Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MattD


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





