BDSM Library - Swiss College - On the Levels of Control




Swiss College - On the Levels of Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     we find out about a unique psychosexual control module that is implanted in some Swiss College pupils. To find out more about the College, please read my other stories.






On the levels of control

Swiss College Vignette



This is a vignette (although you could also call it a short story) set in the Swiss College, an environment about and inside of which I propose to write more in the future. The dangling threads have been left intentionally so, in order to provide hooks for more vignettes and short stories. You may also want to read 

 Swiss College: a classroom vignette at http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/story.php?storyid=8403

 Wrong Assumptions: a ponygirl story http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/story.php?storyid=8242



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 The students entered Mr. Wilson's office. There were just six of them, and they did not know anything about why they were there. The office was not used, as a rule, for disciplinary sessions, so none of them felt nervous. They were not expecting a punishment, but rather some information. Perhaps information or commands from their owners? In the life of a student, the figure of the owner, existing and living somewhere outside of the walls of the college, is a constantly present and yet necessarily absent focus.

 The students (or pupils, as some of the stuffier teachers tended to call them) did have some contact with their owners, but it was sporadic. There were traditional visits, around Christmas and the end of the year and some rare occasional ones. It was always the owners that visited the school, as it was believed that letting students out would make them lose their focus - of course there was a whole set of education visits and activities, but no visits home. The Swiss College (that, by the way, did not happen to be in Switzerland) was very strict about that.



 Luisa, always in a rush, entered first. Barely yesterday she had received a spectacular spanking from Miss Ross, for "being too forward". She had translated that as "being smart and not afraid to show it". Miss Ross had convinced her to reconsider the value of that translation.

 She was followed by Jeanne, who for the occasion had been permitted to wear just a cat suit. She did not even have a ball gag on although, on second inspection, one could be seen hanging from her neck, ready for use. Luisa had managed to become Jeanne's special dominant friend, which meant that she had a measure of control on Jeanne's daily and nightly activities. Jeanne occasionally complained about the relationship, particularly when Luisa got clever about things like very high heel shoes and physical exertion, combined with uncomfortable clothes. But little Luisa had a way with words and images: an accomplished photographer, she would always charm back Jeanne with very good shots of her bound and suffering body. As long as she did not get into Japanese bondage, Jeanne thought for the hundredth time. She could not tolerate scratchy ropes or any rough surface, and actually had a great preference for shiny, slick materials like rubber or vinyl.

 Michaela, Big Mike, Charles and Pat came in afterwards. Pat closed the door behind herself and did a little curtsey. She was dressed in a short tartan skirt, a white shirt and knee socks, garments that accentuated her feminine features and were very characteristic of the lolitization phase she was going through. Dickgirls like Pat frequently moved back and forth in the multidimensional space of gender, dress and habits. At this point, she expected to be referred to as "she", and her companions were happy to oblige.



 They were all nervous and curious. This meeting was very unusual and they did not have much in common with each other, or rather nothing more than they had in common with any other students. There was the fact that Charles, Joanne and Pat shared a room, but their fourth roommate was not here today. There was no common gender or orientation or ethnicity (as far as you could talk of that in today's highly polite world). They were all in the same year, which meant that they did know each other well. Luisa and Joanne had a more or less stable relationship, although Luisa loved to keep Jeanne uncertain about the state of their affair. Pat and Charles had been very much in love the previous year, but the fickle nature of Pat had changed so much during that year that eventually Charles had given up, to preserve his peace of mind as he had put it. But the others had never been together in relationships. Quite naturally they had all had sex with each other in the past, but the same could be said of many inhabitants of the college - so it could not be that.



 "You may wonder what takes you here, said Mr. Wilson, and first of all I have to tell you that it is not a punishment. What takes you here today is a tattoo you all have on your back. Yes, the tiny black owl on the small of your back. Some of you have only that, others have also large and complex drawings that are not our concern now. But the owl is there. Only you six in the whole school have it. Now I am going to tell you what it means. Actually, I am going to show you. I need a volunteer."



 Luisa stepped forth, ready for anything. That girl is not afraid, Mr. Wilson thought. He felt a measure of pride for this wild creature that he, as a part of the staff of the College, was bringing into the world. He ordered her to take off her t-shirt and stand in front of him. Everybody else was invited to sit down in the small, hard chairs that had been provided for visitors to the office. Luisa rustled out of her dark green silk t-shirt and placed it on a chair. She was not wearing a bra, since her breasts were so small that she did not need one.

 Jeanne felt so proud of being Luisa's lover. Perhaps she was just her main lover, but her lover anyway.



 Luisa and Mr. Wilson were now facing each other. She stood ramrod straight, almost defiantly, challenging the teacher to come up with something. She felt ready to take anything on. Mr. Wilson asked everybody to please touch their nipples, and then to pinch and squeeze them a bit. If appropriate, they were allowed to open their garments. The students complied quickly, and soon some of them closed their eyes to sink deeper into the feeling.



 "Quite sensitive, I am sure! It feels good, and you can go on doing this for hours, right Michaela? Are you still with us or are you in Nippleland, where all women have tits bigger then their heads and all men ... never mind. What is important is that you all have sensitive nipples. Nipple stimulation makes you all horny, very horny. This is quite common in the College, but you, as your tattoo indicates, have something more."



 He took Luisa's hands away from her breast and started pinching her nipples with both hands. He pinched them hard for some seconds and then spoke something in Luisa's right ear, away from the class. Luisa immediately gave a short moan, closed her eyes and started touching herself with one hand. Michaela was fascinated - Luisa turned her on a lot, and also slightly scared her.

 Michaela was very pale, very blond and the closest you could get to innocence inside the College. She did not scheme to attract juicy young freshmen into her bed and she was not engaged in any power struggle. She was not submissive, but she was not dominant either, which made her a bit of an oddball into the College society. But she was very appreciated for her steady, methodical intelligence and comprehensive approach to everything. Her recent moment of triumph had come in a long and protracted public debating session with Hypathia, the College's undisputed brain number one. Michaela had managed to defend her thesis for a whole half hour before conceding defeat, much more than anybody else.

 Winning a debate with Hypathia was widely considered an impossible feat - nobody knew precisely how smart she was, although the expressions "more than is good for her", "scary smart" and "smarter than a roomful of faculty" frequently came up.



 "I have just spoken a password. This sent Luisa to level 1. This is today's important piece of information: you can all reach nine levels of submission, as requested by your owner. Levels are not necessary for a submissive personality, but your owners apparently felt they are a good idea. Certainly they keep things tidy. At any rate, today you are going to get a full demonstration. Level 1, where Luisa is now, can be described as 'Horny'. She is in the mood for sex, and she will follow her natural inclinations to get it. As you can see, she is masturbating even if I did not order her to, but at level 1 this is to be expected. As you know, normally Luisa has a mildly dominant personality and she would not let herself be so horny and needy in public. But her dominant side is now completely inaccessible. Notice also that the nipple stimulation must be done by somebody else - your own hands or any mechanical instrument will not do the trick, I am afraid. And recordings of the password are not good, either."



 Luisa looked at her friends. She was so turned on! She wanted to fuck all of them, singularly and in a group. She had never tasted Michaela's pussy, she remembered. The girl was a pure straight fuckbunny, always skipping off with students who were equipped with dicks. Perhaps today she was going to give in, she thought. Perhaps even right then, oooh she looked so good! Luisa was about to make what would have come out as a drunken, slurred request for sex when the teacher stepped in and started pinching her nipples again. Another password entered Luisa's perfect ear. Manalive, did she smell sexy! It was difficult not to order her to suck him, but this was a demonstration, not an orgy.



 According to the day plan, the orgy would be later, around 6pm, right after tea, and followed by a light dinner.



 "As you can see, Luisa (and so would each of you) goes deeper into the submission levels through a combination of intense nipple stimulation and a password. The password is unique per person and per level, so none of Luisa's password will work for any of you. And you are all incapable of knowing your own passwords. It does not matter if you read it or see it; it will just not stay into your mind. By the way, your owner and I know the passwords for all your levels, and some people in the college know some of the passwords. I am sure you will find them; or rather they will find you. At any rate, Luisa here is now at level 2, sexual submission. On my orders, she will do anything that she finds exciting or at least acceptable - knowing Luisa that means a vast array of activities... So Luisa, please put this butt plug in your ass in front of your friends."



 Luisa winningly said "Of course, sir!". She turned her back to the other students, took off her panties and bent double, looking at them upside down. She flipped her short skirt off her small, pink ass and concentrated on getting the plug inside herself. She was enthusiastic and the plug, being of a moderate size, fit inside her easily. Then she stood straight and turned again to face the class with a happy smile. She did not realize that her skirt had remained bunched around her waist. Luisa had a rather thin body with very white skin, flaming red hair and green eyes. Her only physical peculiarity was a very chubby and sensitive pussy, with very well developed labia that became easily bruised and swollen. Today she was wearing the traces of yesterday's punishment; her pussy was protuberant and pink, daring Mr. Wilson to grab it and fill her hot wetness. She looked genuinely satisfied about having completed her task for Mr. Wilson, who nodded in satisfaction. Everything was so wonderful, she thought, and her packed ass felt so good. As soon as they got out of here, she was going to ask Pat to fuck her in the ass.

The educator stood close to her and hugged her from the back. He again grabbed her nipples and whispered "Christmas Island 1756" in her ear. He was taking her to the following level.



 "Well, level 2 as I said is sexual submission, but level 3 is sexual enslavement. Luisa will now engage in any sexual activity I wish, including the ones she does not like at all." It had been hard to find a sexual perversion that Luisa did not appreciate, but Mr. Wilson had discovered that she did not like being double teamed. In her personal file it said that it made her feel like an object, an instrument of pleasure with no control over what was happening to her. The absence of control was accompanied by intense, shameful orgasms. Luisa's dominant side did not want to lose control, but losing control made her come very hard. This contradiction did not exist in a level 3 type personality, who does not even know what control is.



 Charles discreetly touched Michaela's hand. She looked at him and wondered what she would do with him, if he was at level 3. Charles was a true gentleman, and he treated everybody in a polite and warm manner. Perhaps she could force him to make love for hours, without coming. That would be fun, although more of a ... level 2 thing? Perhaps she could have him do something distasteful, maybe behave a little bit less politely than usual. Could she force him to be a brute? She suddenly imagined him, turned for her pleasure into a raving sex beast, completely controlled by his cock. Michaela clamped her legs together and felt goosebumps race across her back. Exciting thoughts: and what would he in turn do to her, in the opposite situation, she wondered? She tore herself away from her fantasies and brought her attention back to the demonstration.



 Mr. Wilson invited Pat and Big Mike to fuck Luisa as hard as they wanted. They approached Luisa with hungry eyes. Big Mike's penis, appreciated inside the College for its reliable hardness and its fat head was ready. And under Pat's skirt there was an exciting long and thin snake-like cock, ready for plunder. Luisa stripped completely, smiled at them and grabbed both. She kneeled, licked her lips and started sucking, alternating between the rigid members. After a while Big Mike invited her to stand up and then, without further ceremonies, they fucked her in midair. Big Mike sunk into her sex and Pat took her ass: as they were both taller than her, her feet left the ground. She was supported by her two lovers and twitched weakly as they were penetrating her. They managed to find a complex rhythm and soon she was bouncing back and forth between Big Mike's muscular chest and Pat's welcoming soft tits. After a while they flipped her and she started kissing Pat on her mouth in earnest. If only I had known, Pat was thinking, that this little tough bitch can actually fuck like this...



 "Well, I apologize for interrupting you guys, I can see that you are having a great time, but the afternoon is not endless and we have to go on. Thank you Pat and Mike, you did a great job and you have confirmed that Luisa was really enjoying&nbsp; what normally she would not appreciate at all. Do sit down. Now, darling, let me pinch these impudent lusty nipples, there you go, listen to me now as I whisper in your ear ... did you hear that? Yes you did! Welcome to level 4, complete submission."



 Luisa felt different from herself. That was the only way she could explain what was happening. There must have been different Luisas inside her, just waiting to come out to play. She felt warm and cold shivers. She felt that her pussy and her ass were leaking profusely.



 Complete submission, differently from the previous levels, was not just about sexual activities. It involved every aspect of life. Luisa was going to obey any order from Mr. Wilson, provided it did not violate her own basic principles of behavior. He made her happily chew on a grape bubblegum and sew a button on a shirt, both activities that Luisa hated. She visibly got a personal thrill out of being so obedient, but, Mr. Wilson pointed out, she was not going to do anything that she did not want to do on some level of her mind.



 "We will go through level 5, complete enslavement without any demonstration. At level 5, while generally being still able to behave yourself and act like a normal human being, you will do exactly anything you are told. You will gladly fuck, hurt or kill anyone, including yourself. You will break into houses and steal babies and feed them to wolves. You will shit on the floor inside St. Peter while the Pope is saying High Mass. Anything, I said: and then you will have to live with the memory. So we are skipping demonstrations because I cannot find an ethical way to convincingly demonstrate level 5 without someone getting hurt. It seems to me that all the safe demonstrations are unconvincing, all the effective demonstrations are unsafe."



 Level 5 was the beginning of the so-called irresponsible levels. Since the subject, at this level, is not able to say "no", he is not really a subject of decision in the eyes of the College. The responsibility, from level 5 onwards, lied completely with whoever is running the subject.



 "I would rather take us to level 6, dependence. There is a subtle difference with level 5. Let's make it more visible."



 Mr. Wilson gave a carafe of water to Luisa, who greedily drank it. She was not thirsty, but being in a state of dependence she could not say no. He had her drink another carafe just for fun and then started massaging her belly.

 "Are you full of pee, Luisa? Do you feel like you are going to blow up?"

 She nodded desperately. He tapped her mons and cupped her pussy in his hand, just like she had been dreaming he would.

 "Such a fat little pussy on such a thin girl... I would expect to see urine streaming out of you right now, but you cannot pee, can you? Can't you just piss yourself like a slave who has been forgotten all tied up in a dark corner?"

 She shook her head and moaned.

 "This is the state of dependence: she is just as obedient as in the previous state, plus she cannot do anything of her own initiative. She does not just obey orders; she cannot act without an order. She will not go to the toilet or eat if you don't tell her to. Right, Luisa? Now you may piss yourself, go ahead and piss yourself in front of your friends..."

 Luisa let go with a moan.

 "This state is really dangerous. Nobody should be left unsupervised in a state of dependence, because they are not able to look out for themselves. Dependence reduces an adult to less than an infant, because a dependent adult cannot even cry to express his distress."

 Completely clear pee was spraying out of Luisa's sex and pooling on the floor. She had her eyes closed and was without doubt enjoying the relief. After a while the urge got less and she realized that she had just been forced to urinate in public. Normally she would have felt horror, but at her present level of submission, it only made her hornier.

 She had a fleeting vision of a black hole, devouring without mercy or thought all that is thrown at it, turning it into more of itself.

 "And last thing, everything a dependent person does makes her hornier. But of course, she cannot come without a direct order, something that I am not going to give now. For now, I will just take Luisa to level 7, instrument. Here, give me your breast and let me whisper something in your ear... very good, darling, now relax."



 Level 7 was the first subhuman level. At this level, the girl had access to all her memories and knowledge, but she was incapable of initiative and self preservation, like in level 6. Additionally, the mechanism that converted her short-term memories into long-term memories was stopped. She was going to obey and forget immediately that she had obeyed. She was thus not only irresponsible, but also a defective witness.



Luisa stood relaxed and blinked. Her pussy was still dripping mixed liquids, making a mess of her thighs and the floor but this was not important at all. What was important was Mr. Wilson's order. They were more than orders; they were the pillars that held her current world up.



 Mr. Wilson briskly took off his pants and his serious boxer shorts. There are not many things more amusing than a half-naked man still wearing his shoes and black socks, but nobody in the room dared to find him funny. "Right, this will be a bit shocking but it is the only way to persuade you. Nothing I have told you so far is really convincing. I mean, this could be all a charade based on an agreement between Luisa and me. I will now give you two convincing proofs of the actual existence and powers of the levels of control. Here is the first one: Luisa, please take my cane from the desk and give me three hard strokes on my buttocks, equally spaced."



 Luisa did not hesitate for one second. She grabbed the cane, waited for Mr. Wilson to assume the appropriate position and just laid in. The room's absolute silence was broken by the crack of the cane on Mr. Wilson's middle aged buttocks. "ONE!" he cried. Luisa flexed her arm and made the cane zing through the air a couple of times. The cane's second impact made everybody jump in their seats. "Ouch! TWO!" he screamed, surprised that such a scrawny girl could wallop him so hard. Luisa delivered with composure the third stroke. A red line appeared on Mr. Wilson's ass, on top of his coccyx: below it, two more burned brightly at equal spacing.



 Mr. Wilson gingerly put his pants back on. It hurt like hell, but he had to show that he did not care about the pain. He was already wondering about the wisdom of this particular demonstration. Not that the students were not impressed, since hitting a teacher was more than taboo in the College, it was simply unthinkable. It was just as unlikely as walking on the ceiling, it was such a wild idea that it was not even forbidden. But it had just happened. He hoped to have made his point without destroying his authority.



 "I certainly hope this was enough demonstration of level 7 for you, because I am not going to repeat it. Luisa what did you just do?" The girl looked a bit confused.



 "I don't really know, Mr. Wilson. Something must have distracted me just now. I mean, you made me pee and then... would you like me to clean the floor?" He directed her to where she could find a bucket and a mop and invited questions from the other students. He walked them again through the levels of control, all the way from Horny to Instrument, pointing out the differences among levels and what they meant in practice. Levels were a useful psychological module that had already been carefully debugged and tested: it was only natural for owners with a tidy mind to want it installed in their students. Luisa finished with the cleaning and just stood there, waiting.



 Quickly and without ceremony he sent her to level 8. It was getting late, and he had another appointment after this bunch. "At level 8, we can implant suggestions. It is the level at which we can do psychological debugging and apply patches. Only a trained mindshaper should operate at this level, and always with great care. Luisa, now listen to me: from now on and for the next month, you will love being double teamed. You will actively look for it and you will try to make all your sexual encounters into at least threesomes. You will also dress mostly in blue, instead than the green and black you currently favor. As the month ends, your enthusiasm will taper off and you will start considering double penetration as simply one more pleasant part of your busy sex life. You will also go back to preferring green and black. Everything clear?" Luisa agreed that everything was clear and then waited for further instructions.



 Level 9 was really a curiosity, and he did not know if he wanted to display it. But he still had five minute left, so he went on. He ordered Luisa to lie down on his desk and caressed her hair fondly as she relaxed in the horizontal position. Then he grabbed her swollen red nipples and started tweaking them again. After he had whispered the password, Luisa turned on one side and assumed a tight fetal position. Then, nothing. It looked like she had even stopped breathing.



 "This is the last level, number 9, which we call the stone. Luisa is now in a deep sleep state, with greatly reduced metabolism and almost no energy consumption. It is a kind of torpor, if you want to get technical. She is not conscious, she cannot hear or see and her body can be delicately repositioned, although a fetal position is preferred for long-term permanence. She can remain in this state for two to three weeks, depending on her state of nutrition and hydration. The only way to bring her back is by prolonged sexual stimulation. Anything will do, but you have to keep it up for at least five minutes without interruption. If nothing wakes her up, she will wake on her own when her energy reserves get dangerously low. She will be weak, nauseous, hungry and thirsty and in a very bad mood for days. Level 9 is only used in emergencies, or for travel in special circumstances."



 Minute inspection by the students revealed that a vein was very slowly pulsing on Luisa's brow.



 "Well, I think I have touched everything I wanted to mention today. To entertain you further, take two envelopes at random from my desk, but open them only later: you may leave now. I will take care of Luisa."



 The envelopes contained passwords for two level-student combinations chosen at random from the students present today, and from levels one to three. The fact that a level three password was useless without the passwords for levels one and two guaranteed that a lot of exciting trading and experimentation was going to happen in the next months.



 The five students walked out in silence, thinking of what had just been revealed to them.



 As for little Luisa... he would bring her back at leisure, perhaps after dinner, and he would make sure that his own striped ass did not go unavenged. She was not responsible for her action, but this would not diminish his pleasure. Not one little bit.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:        Nominalista


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





