BDSM Library - Terry




Terry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   This the beginning of The Dr Tom and Lisa stories, Terry decides to get rid of hubby







&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 1&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by roccodadom44
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; rocodadom6969@yahoo.com









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; " Jesus I really despise him," Terry thought as she watched her husband ineptly trying to fix her car. She knew he was totally lost and was just pretending that he had any man skills. Terry felt pity for him and this in turned fueled her hate for him, she really felt like going outside, where Dan was trying to get her tire changed, kicking his stupid ass. While she continued to think bad thoughts about&nbsp; her husband, John, the next door neighbor, popped into view and started talking to Dan. Terry immediatly noticed the difference between her wimp and John, who was in shape, seemed confident, happy. Dan looked like an old man next to him. Terry hated how he let himself put on 30 lbs and seemed not to care about his looks at all. Terry was startled to realise her pussy was firing up at the quick vision of John on top of her, she giggled, almost came thinking of running out there and verbally humiliating Danny in front of John. 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was amused at the way their four year marriage had become a farce, knew she had to end it, or make serious changes to it, if she wanted any happiness. She also knew now that she craved a good man fucking and was convincing herself she deserved it, because of Dans lack of sex drive and his 4 inch penis. She smirked to herself as she thought that as he added weight his dick was incapable of penetrating her pussy any more than an inch or so, that was not going to do it, never could she cum with that litttle prick. As she continued to ponder her predictament she noticed John changing her tire, like a pro, hubby&nbsp; looking on like a hapless broad. Terry was an emotional cauldron,she felt rage, anger at her hubby, but was also dripping cunt sauce as she stared at Johns muscles, as he manhandled the tires.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "God I feel like a slut Im so focused on cock" she thought. Even at work she realised she was sizing up who she would fuck if she decided to let loose. On some level she loved Dan, she guessed, but she also had such frustration that she felt the need to make him pay for that resentment. As she worked at a financial firm that was 90 percent alpha males, she knew she could get laid daily, loved the sexual banter the guys threw at her. She also loved her job and wanted to rise up, was smart enough to know the partners would never let a percieved slut become a partner. John had finished the tire change and as he walked back to his yard Terrys eyes bore into his tight man ass, she decided to try to fuck him, soon. Johns wife would be no problem as Terry knew she was in Florida on business till next week. Terry also realised Dan hadnt seemed to thank John.&nbsp;&nbsp; 





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was waiting at the door when hubby entered, she went off on him, really felt all her anger flying at him, she was getting wetter at the way Dan appeared to shrink in front of her, he cowered. He actually started to sob and this made Terry crazy with the need to crush him once and for all. She managed to get the sniveling fool to admit he didnt thank John, this she knew was the key to her getting plowed. She went on and on about his lack of manners, finally told him that as it was her car that John fixed, She would go next door and personally thank John. She laughed as he whined that Becky, Johns wife,was away. She nastily responded " I know, so this may take awhile." Terry, emotions burning every which way, stormed out the front door and beelined to Johns. She was aware that she was dressed in a mini denim skirt and tank top with no bra. She laughed at the thought that she was dressed to fuck and in the back of her mind she knew if it wasnt John she would have fucked some guy soon. She was more than a little taken aback by the thought of what happened if John rejected her advances.Terry thought it was possible as Becky was good looking and seemed very sexual. She decided to start slowly and if she sensed resistence then she would thank John and go to plan B, whoever that guy was, she laughed. As she stood on his steps,reached for the knocker she saw Dan looking out their window and she immediatly knocked, stuck her tongue out at him, feeling her cunt wetten, this shit was real.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The wait seemed for ever and part of Terry screamed run but her cunt said stay and get what you need. "This is how a guy thinks" Terry laughed to herself, she knew she wouldnt leave without a real try at cuckolding her husband. As she thought of the implications of taking this step the door opened and there stood John, sans shirt, looking so hot Terry really did go weak in the knees to her astonisnment. Everything seemed in slow motion to her, she remembered John asking her in and she assumed she accepted but wasnt sure. Inside the house Terry got her emotions somewhat calmed and she thanked John for fixing her tire. When he told her he thought it was strange that Dan didnt thank him, Terry was embarrassed and pissed. She appologised again and again and explained that her husband was a bookworm, not good at social graces, at all. She also noticed the sheen of sweat on Johns rock hard body and she blurted out " I want to make it up to you anyway you want".



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The silence was deafening to Terry and then John smiled, " I am so going to enjoy fucking you. Me and Bec have often talked of getting you into our sex lives." Terry felt a weight off her shoulders and gently ran her fingers across Johns chest as if she had no control of her hands. John was asking about Dan and Terry felt like being mean to her hubby so she asked John to makeout with her near the window so Dan could see from next door. John wanted to know what the deal was and Terry clued him on little boys shortcommings, to Johns apparent amusement. He started to deep kiss Terry and she felt like she was sixteen again, the feelings were so powerful. His taste, his smell, the feel of his body all cried stud to Terry and when John moved her hand to his crotch she gasped at the bulge in his pants. As the continued to kiss John whipered to Terry that her husband was watching and lets surprise him with a one finger salute. Terry was so exited as she and her soon to be lover turned and each flipped off the wide eyed loser next door. 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The lustful couple was in hysterics at the pathetic look on Dans weepy face, with tears rolling down his cheeks, yet Terry pointed out his little wee wee appeared to be hard under his pants." Hard to tell" cackled John and Terry felt like speeding this up and dropped to her knees and with lightening speed had Johns 8 inch already hard cock out and proceeded to suck him like a cheap ho. While she sucked him John was looking at her weakling husband and taunting him by massaging Terrys fat tits under her top. Terry thought she would explode if she didnt cum soon and She begged John to fuck her while stroking his cock and looking up at him. John said "lets play rough with your hubby. Lets call him on the phone and tease him a little."&nbsp; By now Terry was completly sure this was all meant to be, laughed to herself when she thought of how wet her panties were from her heat.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With shaking fingers Terry dialed home and when Dan answered she simply told him "you cant satisfy me loser and now Im gonna get what I deserve and you are gonna ask John to satisfy me." He started blubbering that this wasnt right. Terry felt redhot anger ignite in her and she screamed at her hubby " you will do what I tell you wimp or I will divorce you and destroy you. Now I will put John on the phone and you, wimp, will ask him to do your job and you will tell him why you cant do the job yourself shrimpdick." Dan was openly crying now, Terry passsed the phone to John, he pushed the speakerphone button and said to Terry "he really is pathetic. You owe it to him to destroy him and Me and Becky will help you do it slowly and with great fun for us". "But not for my dear husband", gailey added Terry. "Right wimpy?" Terry sighed lustfully. Terry and John could both hear his sobbing and weezing breath, this made them start laughing again. Terry then screamed " I want to hear you beg John to fuck me loser and you had better do a good job or Johns gonna kick your ass". John quickly adding "I will enjoy punching your lights out little boy so do a good job or Im getting a piece of you." Dan, out of intense fear and uncontrollable sexual excitement went into an over the top beg job describing his tiny penis and ugly body. Terry was shocked at his level of self comtempt. She knew then she didnt love him anymore, how could she, he didnt love himself. But she also knew she wanted to abuse and degrade him alot before moving on,wanted him to suffer, felt a real need to leave him broken, physically and emotionally. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John was really making Dan humiliate himself by describing all of Terrys body for him. Terry realised she had started stroking Johns massive meat again, her hand not being able to circle his fat pole, her other hand started to finger her steamy cunt. "John please fuck me' cried Terry and John told her hubby, "see little boy your wife wants a man and Im the man".He picked up the heated Terry and laid her on his dining room table, ripped her skirt and panties off and went right into her cunt till his balls hit her big ass. Terry moaned like a cheap whore but she was past caring about dignity, this was to fucking hot. John fucked her for only four minutes but Terry had at least three good cums and when John told her he was cumming she had a major over the top screaming orgasm Terry now knew what a real orgasm felt like and she wanted more, if she added up all the small cums hubby gave her over the years, they wouldnt compare to what she just felt. Her head felt clear, she was completly relaxed with John on top of her and his still engorged cock in her throbbing fuckhole.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When he finally pulled out there was a popping sound and quickly John squeezed Terrys cunt lips closed saying "you have to feed hubby the cream pie" Terry thought if Dan eats my twat Im gonna really fuck him over, how gross would that be. John was idling toying with her tits when he said laughing "look tinys still yanking his carrot" When Terry looked across the yard, sure enough the perv had his little shooter out, this so disgusted her that she grunted with hate, really made a noise, giggling at her hate, nursing it. John was quick to push her further by saying " make sure you empty your bladder down his throat after he eats my man juice" Terry asked in disbelieve "do you think hes that nasty, that he would do that?" John chuckled loudly "Terry, your hubby will soon be eating your shit if thats what you want" To Terrys surprise this picture made her hot again. John told her he was late for a golf outing but she was welcome to stop by later for more fun. Terry decided to be noncommital, girl had to play hard to get, though she knew she would fuck John again, how could she say no to that pleasure. So after she cleaned Johns cock off at his insistance, Terry dressed and thougt how cool this was all playing out for her.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Walking back home Terry was overcome with waves of elation and this confused her. She didnt know why destroying her hubby turned her on so much but she needed this like crackheads need the marching powder. "I cant believe how much fun it is to humiliate him" she kept thinking, as she tried to keep Johns massive load of cum in her suddenly loose cunt. As she entered her yard she knew that her marriage was now completely changed, could never be anything more than hubby serving her and her friends. Her mind was whirling with images of Dan being brutalised by men and women while Terry laughed at her hubbys fate. "I need to break him fast when I get in the house, I need to leave him no choice." th this mindset she entered her house, partly horny, partly angry. 

END CHAPTER 1









 TERRY&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 CHAPTER 2&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 by roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As she entered her home, Terry was immediatly struck by the sight of hubby still standing by the window. When she noticed his pants still around his feet she started to laugh with real gusto. "This is going to be so easy", Terry thought as she studied her slouching, still sobbing, shriveled dick on display, loser of a husband. "Get the fuck in front of the window with your back to me loser" snarled Terry, she smiled at the way he was facing out the window in seconds. Terry thought how digusting his fat ass looked, she could see cellulite and this was appalling to her. How the fuck could a man let himself look like this she wondered, like a middle aged broad. Terry knew, he was a wimp and needed to be taken down, shown his place in things. "Your whole world is now changed asshole. You will do what I tell you or I will divorce you, but first I will destroy you" Terry told wide eyed Dan, matter of factly. "You disgust me and I plan on spending lots of time making you pay for embarrassing me," continued Terry, " Never again will you put your pathetic wee wee in my pussy or any womans," he whined, "please, please I will get in shape."&nbsp; Without fanfare Terry told Danny to spread his legs and when he complied she drove her sandaled foot into fatboys unsuspecting balls. Dan howled and went down on the floor hard, Terry felt like her cunt was on fire again, lkie she was superwoman.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Stomping his balls made her feel so powerfully hot, she knew it was gonna happen alot, why not, he wouldnt, couldnt stop her. She squatted right over hubbys anquished, fat face and sneered "you are going to eat all of Johns man juice or I will rip your balls off. Now open your fat ugly puss" He was beaten, he opened and Terry pushed all Johns sperm down his throat, some landed on his face, causing Terry to say "My darling husband has something on his chin. Let me clean you up honey." Terry released her bladder all over the trembling losers face, ordering him to open wide, he did. "Jesus your disgusting" sighed Terry while straightening up, still feeling her loathing for hubby heating her blood to an angry boil, the fag had willingly downed her piss, fag..

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As Dan writhed in pain at her feet, Terry noticed John looking out his window and he gave her a big thumbs up. Terry responded by removing her shirt and massaging her huge tits for his enjoyment. When the phone rang, Terry knew it was John, answering it with obvious lust in her voice. "I would love to see that again lover" drawled John and Terry would of done anything for the stud right then."Get up asshole" screamed Terry with real anger, fag was up on his feet in seconds, though quite wobbly, being out of shape, no stamina, Terry ws going to test it, alot. "Please dont hurt me" whined Dan and this set Terry off. To her own shock she slapped his face hard and spit and snot landed on the window pane. "Awesome" opined John over the phone, adding "Get his balls good and show him what his life is gonna be Terry". 




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry was still absorbing that she smacked Dan, all he did was cry and turtle. "Come on asshole, face John and spread your fat legs and get your punishment" snarled Terry and to her satisfaction he did as he was told. I cant believe he wont stop me mused Terry silently. As she looked at his fat quivering ass she decided to pile on the grief and ordered "I want you to blow kisses to John, you fucker." On the phone Terry asked John to show her husband what a man looked like and when John stripped they both heard the wimp gasp. Terry cackled "Thats right asshole, thats a mans cock as opposed to your shrimp dick."


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry told hubby to keep blowing kisses and she went and got a pair of her meanest high heels. When she returned Terry was on fire and wasted no time driving the tip of her pointed shoe into his already pained balls. He actually left the ground whlle he projectile vomitted, covering the glass, slumped to the floor, writhing and moanig and rolling in his puke. "That was so fucking cool" yelled John and Terry was impressed with her power to crush her husband, squash him like a bug. "Well stop by tonight if you want some more cock" John finally said. "Im looking forward to it" Terry answered. After John&nbsp; hung up Terry ordered her hubby to strip and clean up his mess and then to stand in the corner like the baby he his. "Im not a baby " cried Dan, with what amounted to his attempt at manliness, so sad, so sad,&nbsp; without even thinking Terry actually punched him in the mouth, dropping him to the ground. "Not another peep asshole. You have your orders and you will obey them or I will kick your fag ass" screamed Terry, his eyes bugged out with fear. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He was so nervous, so scared, he farted, Terry stomped on his expose balls with her heel, "You stinky bastard." She was getting turned on by the noises coming from her beaten hubby. He sounded like he was hyperventilating, Terry figured she had better get away from him before she killed him. "You will clean up this mess and yourself and get your fat ass into that corner and stay there wont you asshole?" "Yes yes", sobbed her beaten husband as he struggled to his feet and started to get the cleaning gear. "Oh one more thing" said Terry sweetly, he turned towards her, she faked a punch to his face and sure enough fatso turtled and farted. "You pathetic worm Im going to relish destroying you completly" raged Terry and with that she went upstairs to think about one of the most amazing days of her life. And its only 1100am, she giggled to herself.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As Terry lay on her bed she was still an emotional wreck inside. The last few hours kept racing in her head and she was amazed at the feelings she had. Red hot anger and deep disgust for Dan, lust for John, overwhelmed with feelings of empowerment, freedom and the need to go wild sexually. "I need to be fair to him, tell him the truth" thought Terry. She decided to just sit him down, tell him that if he wanted to be her wimp fine, but if he was gonna whine and bother her he would have to go, kicked to the curb, like the trash. She giggled and knew she was being mean, could be easier on him, but fuck him, she concluded, he gave up all rights by his pathetic behavior. As she rubbed her still throbbing clit she replayed Johns fucking, she wanted more cocks, lots of more cocks. But she didnt want to be known as the neighborhood skank, at least not yet. The feelings she was massaging from her clit were incredible and Terry loved that destroying her burdensome husband freed her to cum much deeper. "Well I guess I should go deal with Danny boy" Terry laughed, she headed downstairs&nbsp; wondering how far she could push this shit.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; the end chapter 2
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 









Terry
Chapt 3
by roccodadom44
roccodadom6969@yahoo.com





&nbsp;&nbsp; There he was, just as Terry had ordered. She smirked at his naked fat body facing the wall like the little boy he was. "Turn around creep" demanded Terry and hubby jumped at her voice, spun around ungainly as hell. "Im going to talk, your going to listen" Terry went on. "You must accept that you are a wimp and can never satisfy me sexually. That means I will be taking many lovers to do your job for you. In return you will serve me and my lovers, as well as take care of all the cleaning, cooking and laundry around here. Over time I will tire of you and discard you, in the meantime you had better be prepared to take what you have coming to you."&nbsp; Terry then asked Dan condenscendingly "Any questions asshole?'"&nbsp; At first Terry could not understand the blubbering idiot, but finally it came "Why do you hate me so much?"&nbsp; Terry laughed spitefully, "thiis is why asshole," she again drove her shoe into the fags swollen nuts sending the big galoot down onto the hard floor holding his crushed nuts and mewling like a girl. "A man would never let a woman stomp his nuts faggy. You know you deserve this and you also enjoy it or else you would not have cum watching John man fuck me."&nbsp; "Please Terry have mercy on me" moaned the rat, from the fetal position. "No mercy for you asshole, only complete servitude or out your fat ass goes like the garbage you are" screamed Terry. When Danny started to blabber "its not fair, its not fair", Terry saw red and she became a stomping machine. Even though he tried to shield his body with his hands, Terry was a frenzied maniac using the heels and toes of her fuck me pumps to brutalise her sobbing husband. 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When her rage abated Terry was spent physically and emotionally. She was covered in sweat and starving, which amused her. As she stood over the bloodied Dan, looking at his battered body she could see black and blue bruises already showing and there were several places where she had broken skin, the blood was flowing nicely. He was looking up at her cunt right over his face and even though he was scared and hurting his tiny wee wee got hard. Terry noticed and went into a laughing fit and then demanded "'beat yout little cockette sissy."&nbsp; When Danny failed to respond Terry drove her heel into his balls and the fag vomited again and sat up. Terry drove her knee into his face and hubby went back down, smashing the back of his head on the hardwood floor. "Now spank your monkey or I will beat you to death" roared Terry, and he was stroking to beat the band. Terry peeled back her cunt lips and teased her lawful husband along to a 2 minute cum. "You sorry motherfucker. You couldnt satisfy a woman if your life depended on it. Now eat your useless cum and then cook me an omelette while I shower."&nbsp; Terry just sneered at Dan as he ate his sperm and then tried to get up, which wasnt easy for the pig. When fatso was up, Terry demanded that he face her and spread his legs. "Put your hands on your head porky" ordered the fired up beauty. When her sobbing mate complied, Terry said 'dont piss me off anymore, I cant control my anger at you. Just do what your told and I will train you to be what you were always meant to be. Now I am going to ram my knee into your sorry balls and then Im off to a hot shower and you will make me the best breakfast Ive ever had . Or else I will really hurt your balls."&nbsp; Dan was frantic, but to Terrys satisfaction he took her best knee shot and even wheezed a thank you from the floor. Terry didnt hear as she was already heading to the shower upstairs, hubby forgotten. 




&nbsp;&nbsp; The hot water felt so good pounding her skin. Terry felt truely relaxed and clearheaded for the first time in a long time. She now knew she had been carrying on her back a 230 lb load of shit named Dan. Well no more she deep sighed, soaped her ample body, llike the analyst she was, tried to outline how best to deal with her hubby problem. She controlled the finances but now knew she wanted to take everthing from him. She didnt suppose it would be hard to get him to sign his 401k and his pension over to her, as he never read any papers she had him sign in the past. And of course she thought, if he doesnt agree I will stomp his balls until he does, she felt alive again. She would also get him to quit deed the house so when she tossed him he would have no claim at all. Terry realised her fingers were rubbing her fat clit again and she smiled with the thought that degrading and detroying hubby made her hot, supercharged hot. The fucker surely never could satisfy in the bedroom Terry laughed to herself. She also decided to keep hers and hubbys professional lives normal as the money was good and she was cool enough to see that Danny alive and healthy was worth more that a dead Dan, at least for now. In a few years she would move on and get a real man and start a family.But first she knew she had to live this life for a while, get all her kinks worked out, sort to speak.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry dressed in jeans and tshirt, as she decided to go shopping after eating, came down to find dummy standing beside the kitchen table. He was a mess and Terry almost felt bad looking at his bruises and abrasions. But when she saw his tiny erect prick she again knew he was gonna look worse soon. When she saw her breakfast she was amused at how perfect it all looked, he even cut the crust of her toast like she wanted it. "It looks wonderful hubby" Terry complimented him,"now kneel by my chair while I eat and I want you to tell me why your lil shrimpdick is pretending to have a purpose." instantly he was at her feet babblin gon and on, as Terry truely enjoyed a perfect breakfast, the rambling idiot at her feet went on and on about his devotion to her and love for her. Terry felt a real satisfaction in knowing that the more she fucked him up the more he would love her. I have the balls to see this to the end Terry thought knowingly to herself. While she ponderd life she absentmindedly fed scraps to Dan who ate them like the dog he was. At one point Terry took a piece of toast and hucked up a deep gooey loogie and coated the toast with this before feeding the trembling stooge. 'Are you thirsty danny boy?' Terry asked innocently. "Yes please,"&nbsp; the leery husband responded.Thats right, Terry spit hot coffee in his face yelling "Even though breakfast was perfect I still need to hurt you for being such a candyass. Do you understand asshole?" " Yes, yes" Dan whined, "I deserve it." " Please let me serve you, just dont divorce me."&nbsp; Terry looked down at him and said matteroffactly '"Thats up to you danny boy. Now open your piehole asshole."&nbsp; When Dan did Terry emptied her leftovers down his throat saying, "no sense wasting, huh fatty?"&nbsp; Dan grunted and his wee wee got hard again to his shame. Terry then smeared the egg coated dish on his ugly, fat face while ordering "clean your plate piggy boy."&nbsp; When Terry removed the plate she couldnt help laughing at the losers egg smeared face. Then Terry looked down and sure enough hubbys lil warrior was pointing up at her begging to be abused. "You love this abuse dont you coward?". "Im sorry" whined Dan, hi sfirst instinct to appologise, "'I just want to please you." 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry felt deep loathing for her husband as he continued to beg with his silly egg stained face. "Lay on the floor asshole" ordered the firedup Terry .he&nbsp; never hesitated in his need to please. With no ceremony She dropped her jeans and squatted over her husbands face, let her piss fly. Fag greedily swallowed what he could and the rest made the eggs run nasty and Terry was pleased. When she was done Terry straightened her clothes, ordered Danny boy to stand, put his hands on his head, spread his legs, and look at her. "I am going to drive my foot into your ball asshole and you will thank me after." Dan meekly answered "yes Mistress." Terry knew she had won at his use of this term and she used extra force in battering his bruised balls.Once again he puked and collapsed onto the hard floor. Terry spit on him and told him to clean the house and when done kneel in the kitchen corner till she returned from shopping. With no further delay Terry, without a care in the world, headed for the mall as the degraded Dan scrambled to clean, now had real fear of his wife and mistress.


&nbsp; END CHAP 3









Terry
 Chap 4
 by roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I feel like this is all so natural" Terry mused on the return from shopping. She enjoyed her mall run and even bought Danny boy a little something, giggling at the thought of the frilly apron she was gonna make him wear. She kept coming back to how easy he folded, knew he needed the abuse, earned it. Why she didnt understand, or care, she only wanted to get what she could from him,have some fun at his exspence before dumping him. As she turned up her street she realized she was looking to see if John was home and this made her smile. His car wasnt in the driveway she decided to give dear old hubby some grief, wait to see if John would do her again. She headed straight for the kitchen, to her delight there was the loser in the corner. "Face me loser" Terry demanded and the cow was facing her in comic fast time. '"The house looks clean hubby and you followed my orders so heres your present" Terry teased Dan as she handed him the bag containing his apron. Terry loved the look of humiliation on the clowns sad face as he understood what was in the bag. "Come on, come on, put it on and dont be ungrateful" Terry sneered at the dummy as he clumsily put on the frilly apron. "It looks natural on you and I dont have to look at your tiny wee wee anymore" giggled Terry to the ready to bawl sissy. "Lets take this shit to another level," Terry continued, "get yout fat useless ass into the bathroom now." Danny was in the first floor bathroom in seconds, his fear was so strong her voice propelled him like he was a shaking puppy, Terry dug that picture.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She entered the spotless bathroom, stripped off her jeans and panties and sat on the toilet."I want you to kneel between my legs toad" Terry ordered hubby and he was there, eyes looking up submissively at his better. "You will learn to be the worlds best piss swallower or I will remove your useless balls" roared the suddenly heated Terry, her coward trembled with fear and sexual anticipation. "Look at my cunt Danny boy and imagine Johns huge cock buried to the hilt." Terry taunted him and then added "I am going to release a little piss at a time and you will drink it all. If you spill some I will whip you till you bleed. Now open your disgusting mouth you creepy fuck, so I can turn you into a pisspot." Terry was amazed at her level of horniness as she sprayed the first piss shot down her husbands throat. To Terrys regret the fucker actually swallowed all of her piss so far and seemed to be savoring the taste, to her satidfied amusement. She wasted no real thought on her next move which was to use her fingers to direct her piss so it covered Dans face and spilt on the marble bathroom floor. Terry could see the look of hurt on his&nbsp; face at her cheating, it made her rage inside at his faginess. "Looks like wimpys getting an ass whooping" Terry chortled, adding, "maybe Ill let John whip you hubby." "No no Ill do anything" begged the distraught Dan. "Anything danny boy?" Terry amusingly querried. "yes please dont let John hurt me." cried her sissy,&nbsp; he really was crying like a little girl. "Christ" sighed Terry, "if I had a gun I would shoot you dead and put you out of your misery." Terry glared at the pathetic kneeling, piss soaked fag in front of her and barked "down on the floor asshole and lick up my piss and fast." Dan did and Terry thought he really resembles a pig rutting in a sty. "You said anything asshole and Im gonna test you. I want you to go down the cellar and lie on the floor and wait for me" commanded Terry , of course he obeyed without hesitation.



&nbsp;&nbsp; The fired up Terry knew she should slow down but she wanted her hubby broken, she was way to turned on to stop anyhow, she giggleg to herself, how wet her pussy was.. As she descended the cellar stairs, naked except her heels, Terry thought how dirty this was gonna get. "The nastier I get, the nastier I want to get" Terry decided and this made her feel alive as nothing ever had before. When she saw the buffoon laying on the dirty concrete cellar floor, still wearing his piss soaked apron, she thought nothing of it, thought he belonged there, he was reduced in her eyes. She stood straddling his fat body looking down at him and said sternly "I need to shit and you are gonna eat it asshole!" She couldnt help laughing at Dans horrified expression. "Dont whine loser, you know you want this as much as me. In fact, I want you to beg me to feed you my shit and be convincing or your balls are gonna get a stomping." Toilet Dan went into overdrive beg mode, Terry was impressed by his level of pervertedness. In some crazy way she knew they deserved each other. She was still amused to see his 4 inch boner bobbing around and she could see the precum dripping off the undersized head. Without warning Terry pushed out a little piss which sprayed his ugly kisser. Terry next sqatted over Dans flabby chest, ripped a fart, giggled, then out slid several healthy logs of shit. Her hubbys face was scrunched up in disgust and Terry giggled " I know I stink, but soon you will eat my shit with your lips sealed on my hole so I wont smell a thing fucker." Now Terry put her dirty anus directly over Dans mouth and said " you will clean my asshole, asshole!" her laugh loud, his sobs subdued, he was beaten,he cried"I will get sick,"&nbsp; Terry countered with "If you puke you will lick up your mess, now get to it shit eater" Terry had her anus an inch over Dans mouth and she felt extreme satisfaction when she felt hubbys tongue scrapping her shithole clean. After several minutes Terry stood and demanded " let me see your tongue." She was overjoyed to see that his mouth was smeared with her shit and she ordered him to swallow it all. He did and then puked it up all over the pile of shit sitting on his fat man boobs. " Think of it as gravy on your dinner asshole" Terry cackled looking at the shit puke dripping off her shit logs on his fag chest. "Now make my shit all gone or Im gonna go nuts on your nuts" Terry merrily told the weepy Dan, her feelings of arousal strong, she was inot this power thing, knew she would never settle for normal again. As she knew he would, Dan did his best to eat all her shit, actually got all the solid shit down his throat before he vomitted like a shit fountain, his blubber shaking, Terry digging that she had brought him to this state.. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dan continued to dry heave on the concrete floor, drama queen, Terry picked up a nearby six foot length of coarse rope. She doubled it over and proceeded to whip the startled simpleton&nbsp; with all her might screaming "I will give you what you want in spades pervert. Welcome to the rest of your sad life. Now I am going upstairs and you are going to clean up this mess and then shower in the first floor shower, then return to your corner,"&nbsp; continued the over the top horny Terry. With no more than a glance she went up stairs and headed for the second floor bathroom to shower. "Hes never getting in my bed again or my bathroom" mused Terry as she enjoyed the shower, enjoyed her freeedom. Her mind continued to flash to John fucking her and when she exited the shower she looked out the window and broke into a grin as she noticed Johns car in his driveway. "Jesus I need that fabulous cock," Terry laughed to herself and she really took the time to make herself perfect. She shaved her legs and put perfume here and there. She wore thigh highs and a short black skirt. Her tits were visable through the white silk blouse she wore. "Fuck panties and a bra" thought Terry, "Im going there to get fucked." As she did her lipstick she again thought how great this was all becoming. She decided to just go over to Johns and suprise him. When she went downstairs she checked on stinky and he was in his corner, to Terrys joy he was sobbing, she got why she enjoyed his misery, deserved to enjoy it, after all the misery faggy put her through, all the nights of her sexual frustration, fingering her self off in the dark, lardass snoring next to her.. She didnt think he heard her so she drove the toe of her shoe into his swollen sack, hanging under his fat ass. Dan went down in a heap and made gurgling and gasping noises that made Terry snort with joy. "Im going to get fucked by John and I want to know that you are suffering while Im having orgasm after orgasm." "I want you to clean my bedroom and bathroom while Im next door and if the phone rings answer it," Terry told the painwracked sobber. No other words needed, like that she was on her way to Johns and Danny boy was attempting to get up, accept his new deal, and begin his chores.


&nbsp;&nbsp; End of Chap 4










Terry 
Chap 5
by roccodadom44
roccodadom6969@yahoo.com

&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry felt like a teeneger as she made her way to Johns house, her level of sexual excitement was crazy, off the charts. She could smell her sex she was so dewey, wondered if her nipples would explode they were so swollen. Terry rang Johns bell and was prepared to jump his bones,no modesty needed, but when John openned the door Terry immediatly saw another guy behind him,oops. She blurted out sorry and John grinned and said "come on in Terry, this is Peter and I told him all about our little fun earlier." Terry felt embarassed but also turned on that both guys were looking at her with undisguised lust. "You didnt say she was stunningly beautiful" Peter admonished John and Terry was sold. She thought Peter was even better looking than John and when he kissed her hand she knew she would do whatever he wanted, a quick flash of awe at her sluttiness, but she was gone, her horniness needed sating. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; John suggested drinks in the parlour, they soon fell into a comfortable conversational mode and Terry was more and more being drawn to Peter. When he mentioned he was divorced she was real pleased at the possibilities this presented. When John went to freshen their drinks Peter was on her in seconds and Terry gave in with feelings. When John returned he laughed "I am the matchmaker" and Terry replied "you set me up." John countered, "I love my wife Terry, but you need a man in your life and I vouch for Peters manliness and his fne character. I think you will find whats in his pants most enjoyable." Terry ran her fingers over Peters bulge and she was amazed at the size of his still clothed cock. She scrambled to get it out and when she beheld the 12 inch monster she went to to her knees and paid it proper respect with much sucking, stroking, and words of praise. Peter was clearly smitten with Terry, made her aware of his desire to see her again, her easy acceptance, giggling that she didnt even pretend to consider her husbands feelings.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That she begged the guys to fuck her only got her hotter, her slutty behavoir thrilling her, the guys needing no second invitation, the fuck party was on. When Peter slipped his horse cock into Terry she was his forever, couldnt believ how full she felt, in the best way, secure, spoken for. She was amazed at the waves of euphoria that washed over her. She savagely repeated his name at every thrust of his cock. Peter was amazed at Terrys level of sexual ardor, smirked that her hubby must be tiny, how her body was big and soft, made for rough hard man banging. He could see himself very happy with this complex, alive woman, how many cunts couldnt take him, scared of his weapon, Terry consumed him. John was truely happy for Peter and Terry and told them Becky will be pumped to include you guys in our little swinger parties. Terry liked the sound of this and said "maybe my hubby can serve drinks or something," John quickly said "Terry if he comes to our parties we must be able to abuse him to our hearts content." "Yeah, whats the problem" semijoked Terry and Peter was in love. "Well lets have some fun at the losers exspense" said John and they headed, naked, to the kitchen window.



&nbsp; John had his phone near the window and put it on speaker so they could all hear dopey. When Dan answered in a shaky voice, John screamed "get ovet to the kitchen window faggot or I will punch your lights out." The guys were impressed at how quick dummy was standing in the window, Terry was pleased that her hubby was plainly broken, defeated. As John and Peter roughly groped Terry so her hubby could see, John ordered him to play with his little cockette,as he put it. As the guys laughed and taunted the loser in the apron wanking, Terry was getting so hot from the guys gropeathon. When Peter slid two of his large fingers up her soaking gash Terry had another orgasm and John harshly told Dannyboy thats something he could never do. "Thats right you fucker," roared Terry into the phone, "you good for nothing piece of shit, wack your useless pecker and cum on the window while Peter and John have their way with your wife."&nbsp; As John played with Terrys huge tits and Peter continued his top notch finger work, hubby shot his pitiful load on the glass for the others to see. They all agreed he was the most loathsome thing in the world. Terry demanded that her hubby eat his seed and to the guys disgust Dan tongued the glass clean. 





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John told Terry he needed to have a go at hubby and Terry agreed that it would be good for wimpy to take that step. "Get your fat sorry ass on my back porch in 3 seconds or I will fuck you up boy" demanded the worked up John. The merry threesome were cackling at the sight of the hurting slob running across the yard in an apron. "Jesus his tits are as big as yours Terry," cracked Peter. "Must be jelly cause jam dont shake like that" John joked. "Isnt he gross?" seriously asked Terry. "I feel bad that you have to lay down with that slob" Peter stated with real concern. Terry was touched and told him "That fucker will never lie in bed with me ever again. I hate him and want to end this sham marriage." Peter declared' I will be there for you and as a practicing divorce lawyer I can help you fuck him up, better still fuck him over." Terry was all over Peter with kisses, stroking his body and cock, swamped with feelings of love, like she was sixteen, this got her giggling, no shame, no guilt, none required.. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; Meanwhile John was opening the slider to go and get at Dan, who was standing warily on Johns backporch like the lamb to slaughter. Terry told Peter that as much as she wanted to be alone with him she needed to experience her husbands destruction up close and personal. Peter could not agree more and stated violently "I want to savage that clown and then fuck you with every ounce of my being." Terry fairly swooned at that declararation, wanted this so much, to have passion in her life. When they got out ot the porch John had Danny boy using one hand to hold his apron up and the other to stroke his tiny penis. His little soldier was rock hard as he was hooked on the abuse and would now submit to anything he was told. Terry went right at the fucker with a hard punch to his fat belly and to everyones amusemnet the creep farted when he bent over at the waist. While he was stunned and bowed over, Peter manuevered behind the slug and rammed his huge fuckstick up Dans virgin ass. Terry would always remember the bugged out, tongue hanging out look of her loser hubbys stupid mug. He was actually drooling as Peter ripped his ass up while screaming "Im gonna fuck you now and Im really gonna fuck you in divorce court loser." John felt left out so he jammed his 8 inches down sissys throat and started to choke fuck him. "Hell ya" cried Peter "this fag is shaking his ass now." Terry started taunting her significant other, while savagely yanking on his pain bloated balls "I am going to destroy you asshole. This is just the start of your new life. Come on my make my men come or off come your balls." She was twisting his balls so hard that Dans sphincter milked Peter to a once in a lifetime cum, John was so fired up he erupted right into the fags bloated stomach.


&nbsp;&nbsp; After Peter made Danny clean his shit and blood soaked monster, his sour looks adding to everyones amusement, the guys made Dan use a spoon to scoop the sperm from his still wide open shit chute. To Terrys delight the sperm was mixed with blood and bits of hubbys shit. Next Terry fed the fag her cum filled cunt from the earlier fucking Peter and John had given her. She made sure he never touched her cunt saying "this belongs to Peter now." As the three tormentors stood over the clearly terrified stooge, John thought it would be appropiate for Peter and Dan to fight for the hand of someone as beautiful as Terry. "Fuck the hand I want that made to fuck body" joked Peter as he stroked his new lovers tits. "Will you fight for me" asked Terry huskily. "Id kill for you" replied a completly serious Peter and Terry was in love times two. John had, meanwhile, gotten the babbling idiot to his feet and was pretending that the coward could beat Peter."Come on big guy you can take him."&nbsp; Terry laughed " fat chance, this coward will piss himself rather that fight for me." "Dont you love your wife?' demanded John. "yes yes cried the baby and John countered "then fight for what is yours." To Terrys surprise her hubby got up and actually ran at Peter. Of course Peter saw the slow dimwitted clod and before Dan could react Peter dropped him with a nasty right cross. Terry squealed with delight and John helped the stunned loser to his feet and pushed him again towards the lethal Peter. "You want more asshole?" screamed Peter sissy did what came natural, started to beg not to be hurt. This set something off in all three sadists and with collective fists, knees, and feet they gave the sobbing blob a pounding of epic proportions.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When their lust wore down they all sat on chairs on the porch, drinking cold beers and looking at the mess of flesh in front of them. Terry had to admit she was a bit shocked at her husbands condition, but she was also gently rubbing her sore clit. "Im gonna have to get him a leave of abscence from school" she cooly thought, "This fucker may not make it through the weekend." This did not distress but rather fired her up and she started to tongue kiss Peter and whisper that she wanted him in bed woth her tonight and every night. Peter was ready for this thing, as he put it. "Lets try to keep the loser around for awhile" Peter told Terry, "I think we can all have some great experiences at his exspence." " Right now I dont even want to look at this creep" sighed Terry. Peter said no problem and was out of his chair and over Dan in seconds, "up you fucker, up and now." He continued to kick the fga till the pig was on his feet. "Now you will beg me to fuck your wife and then you will beg all of us to piss down your ugly face." He hesitated for a second, Peter drilled him square on the chin and Dan was flat on his back gurgling to everyones joy. The clown struggled to his feet he saw his wife sucking face with Peter and it hurt him more that Peters haymakers ever could. Terry loved that look, wished she could make him feel that pain always, that was how quick her hate grew once out in the light, so to speak.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry was glad when Peter asked her to spend the night at his place. John taunted Dan "hey asshole your wifes sleeping in another mans bed." "Oh she wont be getting much sleep" laughed Peter as he fondled Terrys still tingling tits. To Terrys shock Dan charged Peter again, but she was thrilled when Peters foot connected flush on the&nbsp; balls of the raving coward.. As they all stood over Dan pissing on him Terry said "I didnt think the little fag had it in him." "Even a coward would fight for you" teased John. As Peter directed his urine into the pigs open in pain mouth, he remarked "All this means is, is he isnt broken yet so tomorrow we will work him good." Terry screamed "hear that asshole my man is gonna break you good," hubby tried to get up but then gave in and started to fiddle with his tiny pee pee while the piss slowly ebbed to a stop. "I need some sleep as Beckys home tomorrow and Im gonna ride her hard" said John. And with a little talk they decided&nbsp; to hogtie Dan and put him in the tool shed in the back of Johns yard. With lots of kicks and punches they said goodnight to the fool and left him in the dark. As Peter and Terry prepared to leave for a night at his house, John promised to check on dummy from time to time.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; End Of Chap 5









 Terry
 Chap 6
 by roccodadom44
roccodaodm6969@yahoo.com
&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry was lying in Peters bed, sunday morning, thinking about last night. As she mentally pieced the action together she got more and more aroused. The visions of hubby getting beaten by Peter fired her up. But she knew all that mattered was the feelings Peter brought out of her during their intense lovemaking, when they got to Peters place. "He is so much better than any man Ive ever known."&nbsp; It wasnt even just the great sex, he could talk about varied subjects, yet always showed interest in Terrys life. Terry was sure she needed to be with Peter but was still unsure of the next step. When she felt Peter stirring she smiled and gave him a wakeup kiss and felt completely comfortable with a guy she met 24 hours ago. Peter, on waking, went right at Terry and in no time he was assaulting her oversized tits. While Terry massaged Peters monster, she kept thinking how easily she could accept it in her dripping cunt. She knew she would never fuck a small dick again. Peter rolled on top of the very ready Terry, and he went into fuck overdrive, and in no time Terry was shouting like a wild woman. Peter blew his load as Terry was getting her third cum and they went off together. They truly were one for that brief moment and now they were both content to lay next to each other breathing deep. Peter lay satisfied watching Terrys breasts rise and fall with her breathing and noting the size of her almost half inch nipples. Terry idly stroking Peters half hard cock, was again lustifully staring at its immense size and she also thought his balls were at least twice as large as her hubbys. "If I have a baby I want a man like this to be the father, not a wimp like Dan" she thought. She did concede, merrily, that if she kept smashing his undersized balls they would soon be larger than Peters.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Meanwhile John had gone and checked on Dan in the shed during the night when he had to piss. He was pissing on the fools face when the loser came around, he just opened up and took it. John next untied sissy Dan and made him suck his cock while stroking his own little pistol. John had to admit the slob was giving him a great slurpie,&nbsp; knew they could get him to do anything they wanted. When John was ready to cum he took his cock out of Dans hot mouth and sprayed his ugly battered mug. "You are really gonna get fucked up asshole. I never liked you and Im going to delight in your destruction" the clearly excited John spat at the now openly bawling baby. He tied Dan spread eagle on the cement floor, stroked his tiny cockette till it came two little spurts of semen,dripped the useless batter&nbsp; on the stooges face,&nbsp; left him with a spermed and tear stained face and a raging four inch pecker. As John returned to bed he was impressed at how far they had fucked up Dan in a day, really wanted to get on with the show, this thing couldnt be stopped now. He thought that they needed to get more people in on the fun and wanted to let his wife, Becky have a crack at Dan. Becky loathed weak men and John knew she already despised thier neighbor as weak and pompous. John was thinking how nice it would be to watch Becs and Terry have a go at dimwit. He was almost dressed when he again smiled at how quickly Peter and Terry hit it off. He knew Peter would not stop till dhis supposed rival was wrecked physically, financially, and emotionally, John couldnt wait to participate in this mayhem. He had a boner all the way to the airport to pick up his wife at 915am. 


&nbsp;&nbsp; After Terry and Peter showered they talked to John and they all decided to meet for brunch at a nearby restaurant after John picked up Becs at the airport. Terry and Peter would stop at her house and go next door and check on the dope in the shed. Again Terry smiled at the wildness that had all begun because she had a leaking tire that her less than manly husband couldnt fix. When they got to the house Terry was so excited at the suspense of what Peter would do to her husband. She laughed realizing she was soaked in the crotch. "Lets get the fucker out into the sun so we can have at him" Peter bellowed and Terry knew he was gonna get violent and hubby was gonna get beaten senseless. Peter opened the shed, undid Dans hands and feet, hauled his fat ass up, threw him out into the yard in seconds, like he was asack of flour. Terry was cackling at her dumbass husbands shocked expression, his piggy eyes sqinting in the light. When they both saw the cum on his face they went taunt crazy on him. "You dirty fag" cried Terry and she spit in his ugly face. " Dont worry sport, Ill baste your face soon enough. First lets clean you up some" slyly added Peter. As Dan trembled with fright Peter spit in his face and demanded "on your knees asshole and quick."&nbsp; The coward dropped on the ground to Terrys amusement, what a slag. "Good boy" taunted Peter&nbsp; "now take my cock out and hold it with both hands." Terry loved the look of awe on Dans slimy face, she couldnt blame him. as&nbsp; he had both hands on Peters monster and there was plenty left thought Terry excitedly. "Now Im gonna piss and your gonna wash your face with my hose asshole, understand?" roared Peter. Danny farted from fear and Peter and Terry were breaking up at the fools inability to control himself, Peter saying maybe they should pulg his stink hole. As Peter pissed, the fag move his cock around,&nbsp; washing his face as if it was all normal. When Peter demanded he drink the rest Dan did it with wide open mouth and wiggly inviting tongue. Terry blazed with hate for the pervert, knew she wanted him dead, flashing neon red letters, capitalized. "Wow", she thought,"thats how I really feel. I want him dead." It scared her, but more than that it got her fired up like nothing else. When Peter finished pising he went straight into choke fucking Dan and Terry was mesmerized by the colors her hubbys face turned as her lover had his whole foot of manmeat buried down Dans throat, was pinching Dans ugly nosed closed. "His throat is massaging my cock nicely as he chokes" Peter sighed contently. "Fuckers good for something" Terry allowed. Peter came quick and when he withdrew the gasping hubby puked and fell face first on the lawn. Terry started to kick him all over, soon as Peter recoverd from an excellent cum, he joined in. Dumb Dan came to and knew the drill, when he got to his feet they would stop kicking him. He was up fast for a lardass, thought the angry Terry.




&nbsp; They realized that they had to get to the brunch, so Terry ordered Dan to get Peters dirty laundry they had brought from Peters this mornong. "You can do my lovers laundry while we have a nice brunch with John and Becky and decide your fate asshole" cried Terry. Peter smirked at the way the fool scurried for his dirty clothes with that bent over beaten walk, Peter was hot to get on with it. After making Danny boy seperate Peters whites and colors with his mouth,&nbsp; sniffing Peters dirty socks and underwear, Terry and Peter headed to brunch and left the freak to do Peters laundry. John and Becs were already in the restaraunt parking lot, they were kissing and groping like teenagers. John was hot from the action with Terry and Dan and Becky couldnt wait to have a go at that miserable clod. John had filled her in from the airport and she was sure she was gonna go hog wild on piggy boy. Whe she saw Terry and Peter pull up next to them, Becky had her dress around her waist and her tits exposed. Terry said "Wow they are spectacular Becky" and she immediatly climbed in and started sucking on Becs sensitive nipples while John continued to fingerbang his wife. After they gave Becky her welcome home orgasm, the happy foursome went to a huge brunch and got down to how to handle the fatass that was Terrys husband.




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The brunch bunch had a wonderful time chatting and laughing and discussing everything but the eight hundred pound gorilla in the shed, so to speak. Becky finally brought it up and when Peter and Terry recounted their last encounter with Danny boy, Becs was visable hot. "You know Terry. I always despised your husband, thats why Ive been kind of cold to you. But Id love to be friends with you now and help give hubby what he seems to need." "Oh Id love it" cried Terry,&nbsp; she then sighed, "We should be friends and the four of us should be friends, but I have to correct my mistake named Dan."&nbsp; "Dont worry I can assure you we will take everything in court" Peter told her. "What if I want him gone as in gone forever," quietly asked Terry. For the first time since entering the place, all four were silent as they mulled the implications of Terrys plea. Amazingly enough they analyzed all the angles and came to a quick, hard decsion. As Dan had a 350000 life insurance policy, he really was better off dead. Terry would have to wait till asshole was 55 to get his college pension and hers was worth more anyways. If her significant other conviently had a heart attack or some other sudden natural death Terry got 350000 tax free in weeks. Peter said it would be simple, seeing Dan had been told he was at risk for problems because all his relatives had heart attacks. Becky said one of her girlfriends husband was a pathologist and she would have him do the report. John offered to get a friend who owned a funeral parlour to do the burial, adding "We can damage his body to our hearts content and no one will be the wiser. Wow,Terry thought, this is like a racing train and I cant, nor do I, want to stop it.





&nbsp;&nbsp; The four conspirists fine tuned the plan and right there in that booth they sealed Terrys faggy hubbys fate. When Terry mentioned the finality of it, Peter assured her "We are doing him a favor. What does that piece of shit have to live for." "Yeah we can send him out with the ultimate wimp fanatsy: tortured to death by his wife and her lover and friends," laughed John. Becky told the still nervous Terry, "You know you want this more than any of us. You cant be married to that creep anymore. You also owe it to hubby to send him off in the manner fitting such a pervert and you know he will get off on the abuse." "I know, I know," cried Terry, "but then what?" Peter took Terrys hand and staring into her eyes solemnly declared "Me and you take wimpys money and have a blast, live happily ever after." Terry was sold and started deep tonguing Peter while Becky and John looked on with great anticipation at the party they were gonna have. John said he felt he had to invite Sal the mortician and Becky said Dr Tom and his wife, Lisa, would also want in on it. Peter wanted to do him right and said everyone come up with something nasty to send him on his way. As they all headed to the cars, Terry thanked them all and they all hugged her. Terry and Peter headed to Peters house to get some play stuff as Peter told the others, while laughing. And Bec and John were going to get their friends and then head home and get asshole prepared. Anyone seeing these good looking people leave the restaurant would have thought them sharing some emotional get together, they would have been right, bloody right.



 END OF CHAP 6










 Terry 
 Chap 7
 by roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



&nbsp; Terry was almost giddy driving with Peter, she could tell her lover was primed for action against her husband. Peter was telling her about the cool idea he had to fuck up Dan with. He had a pile of fireworks he thought would petrify a blindfolded hubby. Terry was amused but said sincerely "Peter I want to see you beat him senseless with your fists, I want him manhandled," Peter knew he would do this for her. "I want him beaten silly while I tell him about me and you, our lives together after you kill him" raged the turned on Terry. "Fuck ya" screamed Peter, "Im gonna fuck that fat turd up." The elated couple, on arriving at Peters house, immediately headed to the bedroom for a passionate brutal fuck. They fucked violently, as if preparing for the bloodletting to come. After showering they grabbed the fireworks, along with a propane torch,hit the road to Terrys husbands farewell party. "Whats with the blow torch?" Terry asked excitedly as they drove. "I really need to hurt him before hes gone, Terry" answered Peter, seriously. "I hope you dont think Im a madman or something, but I feel like I need to make that fat bastard pay for making you miserable." "I understand, baby" replied Terry, "I love you more for what you are about to do, want to savor this special bond between us."&nbsp; "This is so deep and serious" sighed Peter, Terry pointed out, laughingly, "Its a little more serious for my scumbag husband." And they held hands and each was completely focused,more, completely committed to the coming festivities.




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John and Becky had already picked up Dr Tom and Lisa, the King and Queen of the nighborhood social circle, and they had called Sal,the stunningly violent italian undertaker, who said he would get the hearse to make everything official. Dr Tom told John and Becky he had the forms for the death certificate and it would be no problem. When they got to the house they approached the shed aggressively, The foursome were all on edge sexually. There was little difference from their approach to Dan and a pack of lions attacking a hobbled gazelle, full on violence. John and Tom had the trembling, disoriented Dan on his feet and out in front of the ladies in record time. They were all laughing and pointing out their favorite marks on his abused, fat body. "I want my wife, I want my wife" bawled Dan and Becky spat in his face and screamed "your wife hates you, we all hate you." And with no forethought, Becky drove her knee into Dans battered balls, summoning all her hate for him acclumulated over the three years they were neighbors, drove her knee with super force. They all heard the breath leave Dans body as he collapsed on the lawn. "Jesus hes an ugly fucker" mused Lisa, Tom joined with "what the hell do you think he did with that pathetic thing between his legs." "Nothing at all, which is why Terrys fucking a man and dumping Danny boy" cackled Becky. John suggested they piss him awake, after they suceeded, they cleaned him and made him stand in his living room naked. Becky lightly stroked Dans undersized cock and whispered in his ear "I am going to so enjoy torturing you. You are pathetic, you didnt make the cut shithead. Terrys got herself a real man and she wants her pound of flesh." Just as the emotional overloaded Dan was about to have a beautiful cum, Becky drove her fist into his unprotected sack and Danny boy was doing the dry heave and roll on the floor dance, to everyones amusement. John ordered him up and they were all impressed with his eagerness to obey. They left him standing, shaking with fear, while they had cocktails in the parlour and talked as if it was a friendly neighborhood cocktail party.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When Peter turned down Terrys street, they both noticed the hearse turning into Terrys driveway. They were overcome with fits of the giggles and Peter had to pull over till they recovered and had a quick facesuck session. "I hope the neighbors arent nosey" said Peter. "Look you cant see the hearse once you get up our driveway,' calmly replied Terry, her mind refusing to allow anything to stop this from happening. "And we want the neighbors down the road to see the hearse leave, we say he died from heart problems and they bake me cakes and shit" Terry finished laughing, her coldness to hubby driving her sexy hot. "You can stay with me for awhile so that we let everything settle" Peter volunteered, Terry was happy as a clam.They got out of the car and introduced themselves to Sal, who would be doing Dans service, seemed positively primed for blood. Terry was hot for his Italian good looks, he looked like he was hung, if the bulge in his pants was true. She laughed to herself at how quickly she was turning into a slut, and chalked it up to the novelty of offing Dan. Sal was very sincere in his thanks to Terry for allowing him to have a hand in her husbands final moments. Terry quickly told him that she wanted him to let loose on Dan, then she shocked all three of them by deep tonguing Sals mouth and then saying, "Im gonna need to be fucked alot today,"&nbsp; the guys were walking on air as they all headed into Terrys house and history, though Peter was a little annoyed at the huge Italians forwardness with Terry, not enough to challenge him, christ, Sal was a sociopath.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The living room was boistress and edgy with seven alphas ready to purify their lives of the odious piece of trash in the kitchen. or that was how the keyed up Peter annouced it. When they dragged Dan into the secluded back yard he left a trail of piss he was so petrified. "Uck" cried the ever proper Lisa, "what kind of man pees himself in front of other men?" "Fuck, he aint a man" Peter said calmly and to everyones delight he drove his fist into the fools left temple, Dans head went sideways and he was down, out cold. Terry really could feel juice running dpwn her thighs and this made her feel so content. She knew it was her hubbys last gift to her, then she gailey thought&nbsp; "Of course I plan on saving his balls for my memories."&nbsp; When they got asshole up again, they circled him and they all taunted him with the knowledge that he was really going to die at their hands. To everyones disgust and amusement he farted, shitted, pissed, and puked in a most impressive display of cowardness ever exhibited. Not a word was said but when Peter started to demand that Dan fight him over the honor of so fine a woman as Terry, the others were ready for a good old fashion beatdown, the taunting loud, their emotions fever pitched. Danny boy wanted no part of Peter and ran to Terry and sank to his knees and begged, his only real option. As Terry looked down at her hubbys battered face and saw the tears and snots all over, she wondered why she ever thought it was a good idea to marry this loathsome sheep. She recalled one of her friends married a doctor and so she married a doctor of history. She laughed to herself at how sad it was she wasted these years and saw him as noything more than as a conduit to release all her rage so that she could start a real life with Peter. With a look of contempt etched on her face Terry snarled down at the hysterical Dan "My monies on Peter, Your money too, asshole," and everyone got the joke but the dulled Dan who was staring at his wife like she was the source of his salvation. And in a way she was as she would release her husband from his pain shortly.





&nbsp;&nbsp; Peter made short work of the coward, with three punches Dan laid turtled on the ground. Peter made him kneel and beg Peter to feed him his shit for his last meal. Peter made the fool remove his wedding band and giv it to Peter. To Terrys orgasmic delight Peter made Dan beg to be allowd ot eat his wedding band, it would be buried with him, in his colon. Terry was amused at how much feeling her darling husband put into his begging and she marveled at his lack of balls and his hanging on to the idea that she had any feelings that werent deep smoldering hate for him. She used this thought to tell Peter that she wanted to remove dans balls and Peter quickly said " We have to do that together Terry, while we talk to hubby." "Kind of like a passing of the torch, so to speak" merrily taunted Sal. "Oh fuck this is great" cried Lisa, "Lets hurt the toad somemore," and everyone needed no convincing. The painathon was on and they made him suffer for his lack of manliness. When the guys tied his hands to the dog collar they put on his neck, blindfolded him, Dan kept turning around to try to tell where his tormentors were. As they were all taunting him he didnt hear the firecrackers being lit or coming at him. He did feel them burn him and hear them stun him,&nbsp; when he went to shreik, John stuffed Beckys dirty panties in the losers mouth. Danny went down, they started throwing the firecrackers so they landed on him. After a few burnt him bloody he got up and they proceeded to all whip him with branches from the nearby roses that the fag had spent so much time growing. Terry loved this irony, Danny bragged his roses endlessly, made sure shithead knew what was ripping him up, not that he seemed to care, as his skin was now one bloody maze of cuts. John had a bag of fertilizer and he and Sal started rubbing the chemicals into Dans bloody broken skin. "I think it might burn a bit" joked Sal as silly Dan went into a squirm and moan hoe down. "Lets see if this burns" joked Peter as he removed a still glowing three inch round burnt stick from the outdoor firepit and roughly jammed it up Dans colon. Terry was fingering her leaking cunt as she watched her fool hop around in complete misery. The stick up his ass was hanging out about a foot and Terry could see the smoke coming off of it and it was cool. The fertilizer had cauterized Dans cuts but now the chemicals were burning dan mightily, his skin blistering all over. Dan continued to hop in pain, like an ugly, rabid bunny, John clocked him with a shovel to the face and he was again down and out, breath raspy, body blistered, wee wee throbbing, fag,. The guys hosed him down and they all marveled at his damaged skin. "Wow" gleamed a very hot Lisa, "hes a fucking mess and we are just getting started," she took the shovel and started smashing dans feet with the sharp edge till he got his sorry ass up, Terry loving how LIsa was queenly, wanted to be in her circle, hoped Lisa would invite her.




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When Dan was up, Peter annouced that it was ball removal time and everyone perked up, except the half mad hubby who understood whos balls were going to be removed. The guys tied him down with his feet back behind his head. Peter explained that this way Danny boy could have a first row seat to the fun. Terry gave Peter a lingering kiss and spat in her soon to be ballless hubbys face and screamed "The clock is ticking asshole. Start pondering your sorry existence cause your lights are going out soon, real soon." And as the happy tormentors laughed and taunted Dan, John went and got several knives and pliers to get at Dans tiny bbs. Dr Tom suggested he give the patient a shot of adrenilin to keep him awake for the good parts, everyone agreed that the bastard should witness his demise alert. So while fully alert and feeling all the considerable pain, his eyes inches from his groin, drooling Dan watched as Peter and Terry opened his ball sack with a serrated kitchen knife and with great fanfare each pulled out a still attached ball. Everyone observed how black and blue and misshapen they were and Dr Tom said they should be pink and round but the abuse adds up. Lisa and Becky then stroked dans tiny pecker, while telling him dirty things and when he started to spurt his two drops of semen, Peter and Terry each ripped one of his balls off the attached nerves. Everyone would always remember the look of changed emotion on the turds face, going from cuming to having your balls torn off in seconds.Terry loved the way they could rip them off inches from her husbands eyes. Sal quickly deposited the removed balls in a jar of formaldahyde. and presented them to Terry as if he was presenting a widow a veterens flag or something. Dr Tom was using the propane torch to cauterize the losers empty ball sack and Dan was awake and feeling it, living his pain to everyones joy.



&nbsp; Terry reminded Peter that he promised her hubby a last meal and Peter said to everyone "Ive been saving this shit for two days and the fucker will eat every stinking piece of it or I will rip his tongue out." "hear hear" cried Tom, "its about time we cracked the whip on this malodorous bastard",after releasing Dan everyone took up their rose thorned switches and went after the torn up blister baby, the way the puss filled blisters popped driving everyone to new heights of pleasure. They left him a bloody mess, chunks of skin han come off his body, he lay sobbing on the lawn and not six feet away the guys stripped the girls and got them all on their backs on the picnic table. Tom, John, Peter, and Sal went round and round the table fucking Terry, Lisa, and Becky in both their cunts and shitchutes. Peter marveld at the three hot woman sprawled in front of him and was glad he was a man and not a wimp. Terry had several intense cums, but knew she wanted the big one to cum when Dan was used up. Each girl got a creampie and these were fed to the weeping hubby with much taunting and spitting in his face. When Dan didnt thank Lisa for her creampie, Terry decided that the girls would whip his ugly face with the thorny switches. The guys were egging the girls on as they violently tore Dans face up till it was unreconizable as anything but bloody pulp, they really couldnt tell what was what, his eyes tiny slits of pain. Terry grinded her runny cunt on her hubbys pulverized face and had a hot little cum rubbing against the oozy bumpy flesh and Lisa and Becky had their turn. The guys, not to be outdone, each choke fucked the fags throat to clean their spent cocks, and then for the fuck of it gave dapper Dan a beatdown that was a solid five minutes of three in shape guys raining violent punches on a out of shape cowards already broken body. At one point Lisa crowed "Fuck,look his ribs are sticking out of his fat tit, and sure enough a smashed rib had worked its way through Dans broken skin and was projecting an inch out of his&nbsp; flabby left tit. John immediatly grabbed the splintered end with a pair of pliers and began roughly twisting the bone through the ripping skin. As dummy started to bounce in pain, everyone was beating him with the switches and this time Becky took the shovel shot to the pigs face, it squashed like a rotten piece of fruit, making a sucking noise when she withdrew the shovel,&nbsp; everyone was impressed at the freak in front of them. Terry went off and screaming and kicking the downed freak, telling him that she hated him and was counting the minutes till he was yesterdays news. Dan was sprawled on the ground and appeared out, breathing labored. His face was awesome in its grossness and everyone needed to get close up looks of the freak show as his face had no skin left and had ballooned to twice its normal size.






&nbsp;&nbsp; When they felt lazy had rested long enough, Terry insisted her husband see what he looked like and she wept tears of joy at his expression on seeing what his wife had led the other savages in doing to his face. Peter annouced last meal time and the guys all pissed down Dans thirsty throat, he took it all but when the girls had their turn Dan puked on Becky and she went into a rage and demanded revenge. "RIp his tongue out Becky" Terry offered gaily, "that will teach the fucker not to vomit up our golden nectar."&nbsp; So Becky, using visegrips, twisted and tore the gurgling fools tongue out while Lisa and Terry fingered her soaking gash to a powerful orgasm. Becky lay the tongue across Dans horrified eyes and declared "cunts got your tongue" and everyone howled with ghoulish delight. Peter decided he couldnt wait any longer, so they got Danny on the ground, Peter took a professional 4 stool crap down his beaten rivals tongueless hatch. The fool made a gallant effort to eat his last meal, but seconds after fiishing it all, the retard erupted like a shit volcano, which all landed on his missing face and there he lay in Peters superior shit stew. Terry thought even a dummy like her hubby must know the end was coming, but to be sure she told him that it was time for him to leave planet earth. They got him to his feet for the last time and marched him to a stately oak tree in the far backyard.




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guys again secured dans hands to his dog collar and John tied bailing wire securely around Dans shriveled two inch penis and empty burnt ball sack. John looped the wire around an eight foot high branch and with the guys help they suspended Dan three feet off the ground, solely by his wee wee and empty sack. They all were impressed by the elasticity of his grossly stretched sack and cockette. They started to alll get their last shots in on the in and out of sanity Dan. Lisa and Becky were each using their sexy long nails to slice off dans nipples and they suceeded with much blood and pain. Sal was blowtorching the soles of his feet, causing Dan to swing wildly and rip his pecker more and more. "His cockette is gonna tear off any minute now," panted Terry to everyone.She and John were trying to destroy her husbands insides by pulling the branch up his ass back and forth. While Terry and John did this they were frenching and having a ball. Dr Tom and Peter were in the fags face spitting on his exposed flesh and taunting him about all the fun they would have after he was gone. "Im moving in tonight asshole and me and Terry will be married in a month, like as if you never existed," teased Peter to the clearly insane Dan. Tom said that the stiff was getting ready to do the death gurgle and they all stepped back to watch the end of a truly loathsome piece of shit.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisa thought it sad that they couldnt keep him around to abuse but understood Terry and Peters need to completely destroy Dan, as if ritually burying Terrys mistake of the past. Lisa hoped she could participate in more of this type of mayhem as she realised she was hooked on the blood and would have to get Tom to let her get involved in more of his kinky exploits. Dr Tom had participated in several cases of wives or husbands offing their spouses, but never included Lisa though she knew it involved the final solution as Tom would joke from time to time. Being a doctor he only got involved when the victim deserved it, he was a professional after all, and as he looked at the rotten flesh in front of him he knew Dan deserved his fate ten times over. As he catalogued all the insults visable on the dying body the doctor wondered why guys like Dan didnt jsut kill themselves and save everyone the bother. He then got lost in assaulting Lisas glorious funbags as the happy couple shared a soulful loving kiss. Sal was still dripping cum from his bobbing ten inch saugage, as he looked at the loser swinging by his slowly tearing dick, he was so hot at torturing this freakshow. He loved how good it felt to degrade another and knew he would have more chances at this fun. He knew there was a waiting list of spouses looking to off their significant others. While he marveled at his good fortune his life was. he felt Beckys hand stroking his raging cock and she whispered to him " So its true, you italians are related to black guys." Sal got the joke and he gave Becky his best soulful look and said he would be pleased to give her a day of heaven, Becky knew she would have to do that. As she thought of the fun it would be to be roughly handled all day by Sal she looked at Dans missing nipple she scratched off and giggled at the nastiness of it all. She idly wondered if in a couple of years anyone would even remember this disgusting piece of shit, and she thought not. John was totally enthralled at the way Dans tiny penis was tearing and the way his ball sack seemed to stretch forever. He thought it had to be at least a foot long stretched out now and it was getting taut. He realized he was lazily stroking his cock as he mentally willed the fags cock to tear off. Standing on either side of dans bloated destroyed face Terry and Peter rained hateful and hurtful barbs at the dying husband. Peter was so excited he knew that as soon as the dummy was gone he would fuck Terry like an animal. He continued to spit in dummys face and taunt the coward as the clocked ticked. Terrry was on the edge of complete sexual release, she could feel the mother of all orgasms coming on. She was getting nasty with the taunts at hubby, reminding him that Peter would be in her bed that night and forever more. She could still detect a little life in her husbands eyes and smiled at his knowledge that she knew he could hear her and more importantly, that he could feel the pain of her hate. As she stared into his sad, sad eyes Dans cock and sack ripped with an audible tearing, he crashed to the ground making cool gurgling noises caused by his lack of tongue.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After the proper time that everyone took in dans missing cock and balls, hanging patheticly from the rope, Tom said, "the fuckers only got minutes left, so on with it." Terry took the shriveled cock and still foot long stretched empty ball sack swinging from the tree and said "These I will cherish as reminders of my horrible mistake named Dan. Now Peter if you would, I would like you to make love to me next to my hubby as he dies."&nbsp; Peter loved the kink of it and as the others watched, Peter and Terry made love with all the emotions they had, some they didnt know they had. Terry could turn her head and look into her soon to be departed husbands eyes and her eyes laughed at his final hurt. When she saw the light go out of his miserable existence she started to throw her ass at Peters cock and they exploded in the most intense orgasms of their lives. They lay there afterwards&nbsp; with their friends standing around, knowing that they all shared a deep lifetime bond and then, Terry led everyone into the house and the funeral party was on. Truth be told, they didnt even get the fools body out of the yard till the next day as everyone could not stop fucking and sucking, and everyone slept over Terrys to welcome in her first day as a merry widow.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE END





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   roccodadom44


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





