BDSM Library -  Todd and Wendy




 Todd and Wendy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Written for a Floridian who fantasized about interracial rape.






Todd and Wendy

by Abe



Orlando, in summer, is a humid hell, so Todd and

Wendy were happy to accept when some friends

suggested they meet for a night out at Cocoa

Beach, where the Atlantic Ocean moderates the

weather and provides good views, too.&nbsp; It was a fun

night, drinking and dancing at a couple of places

along old route 1.&nbsp; About midnight, they left their

friends and headed for home, choosing to drive

along route 528, avoiding 407.&nbsp; Unfortunately, there

was a jack-knifed semi, and police waved them off

on a secondary road to detour around the wreck. 

Soon they were lost.



"Todd, you are always getting lost, and you are too

prideful to ask for directions.&nbsp; Here, let me drive."



"No, Wendy, you've had too much to drink.&nbsp; You

are in no condition to get behind the wheel."



"I've got to pee.&nbsp; There's a place ahead.&nbsp; Stop

there."&nbsp; The "place" was some sort of roadside

restaurant or bar, the kind of place that serves

catfish and beer.&nbsp; There were a few cars parked

nearby, but when they tried the door it was locked. 

"Maybe there's an outhouse in back," offered

Wendy, "or I'll just squat in the shadows.&nbsp; You wait

here."



Todd waited in the car with the engine running, so

the air conditioning would still work.&nbsp; He waited for

what seemed like a long time.&nbsp; Finally, he turned off

the engine and stepped out into the humid night.&nbsp; As

he rounded the corner behind the building, he called

out, "Wendy?"&nbsp; Suddenly a hand covered his mouth,

and he felt a knife at his throat.



"Todd, they got me!&nbsp; Run for it!"



"Too late, Todd.&nbsp; Don't make a move, or I'll slit

your throat."&nbsp; There were more than one of them. 

Todd felt hands emptying his pockets, taking his

wallet and keys.&nbsp; He could see that Wendy was held

by two big black men.&nbsp; One pulled her tube top up

over her B-cup tits; her untanned tits gleamed like

headlights in the gloom.&nbsp; And then Todd saw her

white thong; as they removed her wrap-around skirt. 

He didn't get a chance to see much more, as his

assailants shoved him through a door, through a

kitchen, and into a windowless room which must

have been behind the bar.&nbsp; Someone slugged him in

the breadbasket, and as he doubled over, gagging,

they started tearing off his clothes.



A big black woman in a flowered rayon dress slipped

a wire noose over Todd's testicles and drew it tight. 

She had&nbsp; a snake stick, a length of plastic pipe with

the wire noose.&nbsp; "You know," she said, I could slip

the noose over the head of a cottonmouth and he

ain't gonna bite nobody, or I can&nbsp; slip the noose

over a honky's balls, and he ain't gonna do anything

I don't want.&nbsp; You just stand there, Todd.&nbsp; You

make any sudden moves, and you gonna be singin'

soprano."&nbsp; Todd didn't dare move.



He just watched as they brought in his wife, Wendy. 

They were big, tall black guys who towered over

her, and there were a couple of black chicks, who

seemed as enthusiastic as the guys about their new

toy, a white woman, to play with.&nbsp; Wendy had put

on a bit of weight in the last ten years, but she was

still a sexy&nbsp; woman.&nbsp; Now she was naked, but for her

white thong panties. One of the chicks yanked on

the thong in back, and Wendy whined as the fabric

of the crotch panel folded into her slit and mashed

her clit.



"Pull 'em off, Jenna.&nbsp; I wanna fuck her ass."



"Cool it, Jackson.&nbsp; You'll get your chance.&nbsp; But if

you want any lovin' from me this month, you let me

run the show, OK?"



"Yeah, Jenna."



"Mom, tie off that snake stick so Asshole don't go

nowhere, and come help me with this white bitch." 

Todd found that he could move some, but he was

tethered by that snake stick, the other end of which

was tied to one of the roof support posts.&nbsp; There

was nothing he could do to help himself or his wife. 

"Jackson, get that mooring line you bought for the

boat."&nbsp; Todd could only watch as the blacks --- they

all seemed related --- fixed Wendy "so all the bitch's

holes are easy to get at."&nbsp; They tied ropes to her

wrists and ankles.&nbsp; The wood framed&nbsp; building had

no ceiling, so it was easy to throw the ropes up over

the roof trusses and suspend her at waist height. 

Her plump tapered legs were spread wide and

upward in a V which exposed her cunt and ass while

her arms were tied approximately parallel to her

legs, but a little lower, so Wendy's head lolled back,

lower than her ass.&nbsp; Jenna took a mushroom anchor,

obviously from the boat, and hung it from the thong

back of Wendy's panties.&nbsp; If Wendy moved, the

anchor swung, dragging the taut cloth of her panties

across her sensitive clit.&nbsp; One of the young men

flicked his lighter and moved&nbsp; the flame below

Wendy's fleshy ass cheeks.&nbsp; As she writhed to avoid

the flame, her clit suffered for it.&nbsp; Mom took a can of

lighter fluid and squirted a stream of it onto the 

folded cloth that snuggled in Wendy's cunt.



"It burns!" screamed Wendy.&nbsp; "Jesus Goddam

Christ, take it off me!&nbsp; She flexed her knees and

bobbed up and down until the thong tore.&nbsp; The

anchor thunked on the floor, but the fluid-soaked

cloth still clung to her labia, and Wendy continued to

thrash about.&nbsp; "Please, pull it off me!"



"Will you eat me out?" asked Jenna.



"Yes! Please hurry!"&nbsp; Jenna cut the waistband and

pulled the cloth off&nbsp; Wendy's burning clit.&nbsp; She

popped a bottle of brew and shoved the neck of the

bottle into Wendy's cunt, washing the lighter fluid

away with foaming beer.&nbsp; She pushed the empty

deep into Wendy, stretching her vagina as if she

were giving birth.&nbsp; Then Jenna&nbsp; straddled Wendy's

head and reached out for her breasts.&nbsp; "You do me

right, or I'll twist your nips off, bitch."&nbsp; 



Todd had to watch as his wife lapped at the cunt of

the black woman.&nbsp; When Jenna came, she splashed

Wendy's face with pussy juice, or urine.&nbsp; "OK,

Jackson, fuck her face."&nbsp; Jackson grabbed Wendy's

wet hair and twisted her head so he could fuck her

throat.&nbsp; Gagging, Wendy slurped on the huge black

cock until he came, mostly in her mouth but also up

her nose.&nbsp; "Swallow, bitch."&nbsp; She did.



Wendy hung there, gleaming with sweat, snuffling

cum up her nose like snot, while Jenna went out to

the bar.&nbsp; She came back with two big beer mugs and

went into the kitchen.&nbsp; Todd heard the microwave. 

Meanwhile, a guy named Leroy amused himself by

pushing a beer bottle neck into Wendy's upturned

anus.&nbsp; When the neck was pretty well buried, the

shoulder of the bottle just couldn't pass Wendy's

stretched sphincter muscles.&nbsp; Leroy pounded on the

bottom of the bottle, making Wendy swing back and

forth, but it wouldn't pass.



"Try later with a wine bottle, with a finer taper,"

suggested Jenna.&nbsp; You'll be able to rip her wide

open."&nbsp;&nbsp; Jenna had boiled a little water in each mug,

and she had a paper towel keeping in the steam. 

Swiftly, she inverted a mug over each of Wendy's

tits.&nbsp; "Hot!&nbsp; Burns!" shouted Wendy.&nbsp; The steam

condensed, creating a vacuum that sucked Wendy's

B-cup breast into the mug.&nbsp; The pale skin turned

pink as blood flooded into the swollen breasts, and

the engorged nipples stood up like thumbs.



Someone picked up the anchor and hung it from

Todd's scrotum, so the noose around his balls tried

to pull off, squeezing the testicles painfully.&nbsp; The

second young black chick, overshadowed by Jenna,

took an interest in Todd's penis.&nbsp; "It's awfully

small," she remarked, "and uselessly limp.&nbsp; Let's

stiffen it up a bit.&nbsp; She threaded a plastic swizzle

stick down his urethra until the end actually reached

his bladder and nothing showed except a silly plastic

flamingo.&nbsp; It was hard to think of anything but the

torture of his genitals, but still he had to watch as his

wife's breasts were sucked up into twin towers of

tortured tit.&nbsp; Her head flopped back and forth as she

whined and pleaded with her black tormentors.&nbsp; 



"Tell these guys you want to be fucked by big black

pricks," said Jenna.



"Yes!&nbsp; Fuck me with big black pricks!&nbsp; Only please

don't tear off my tits!"&nbsp; Jackson and Leroy and three

other studs yanked the bottles from Wendy's vagina

and anus and quickly replaced them with stiff pricks

not much smaller in diameter and 8 or 10 inches

long.&nbsp; As they drove into Wendy's cunt, her body

shook and the wobbling mugs bent her breasts back

and forth.&nbsp; Someone stuffed her mouth, and another

forced his way into her rectum, leaving her with cum

oozing out of her ass.&nbsp; There was a frenzy of fucking

which left Wendy coated with cum, her jaw sore, her

asshole burning, her cunt kind of stinging from the

merciless stretching of pounding black prinks.



"Can't any of you guys get it up?" called Jenna. 

"Come on, we can't quit yet."&nbsp; None of the studs

was up to it.&nbsp; They stood around telling each other

how nice white meat is.&nbsp; "All right, Todd. You've

got work to do.&nbsp; Clean off your wife, with your

tongue," ordered Jenna.&nbsp;&nbsp; Forced to comply by the

noose around his balls, Todd had to lick his wife's

belly and cunt, swallowing the cum he lapped up. 

Never had he ever dreamed of slurping up another

man's cum, but he had no choice.&nbsp; The worst was

when they made him suck the cum from Wendy's

anus.&nbsp; Then they bent him over a small table,

fastening his hands and feet to the legs with duct

tape.&nbsp; "Anyone want to fuck his ass?" said Jenna. 

No one was stiff enough to do it.&nbsp; Jenna went into

the kitchen and returned with a bag of small

potatoes and another with chili peppers.&nbsp; She had to

put some cooking oil on Todd's anus to complete

her plan, but she succeeded in forcing half a dozen

potatoes into Todd's anus.&nbsp; It felt as if he had to

shit, but he couldn't.&nbsp; She repeated the job on

Wendy, though she didn't need oil; Wendy's anus

was well stretched and still slick with cum.&nbsp; Jenna's

had plans for Wendy's cunt, too.&nbsp; She went to a

fishing tackle box and found a large fish hook with a

wire leader attached.&nbsp; With pliers, she straightened

the hook and set it nearby while she stuffed Wendy's

cunt with chili peppers. Her victim screamed and

writhed, jerking like an insane puppet, until Mom

held her steady by throwing herself across Wendy's

belly and stretching her weary legs and arms

straight.&nbsp; Deftly, Jenna used the barbed hook like a

sailmaker's needle and sewed Wendy's labia closed

with the wire leader.&nbsp; Jenna straightened up and

looked around, waiting for admiration.



"Jenna," said the swizzle stick chick, "you forgot

her pubic hair."



"Shit.&nbsp; You do it."&nbsp; The chick found some drain

cleaner and splashed it over Wendy's mound,

washing off the blood from the sewing job.&nbsp; Wendy

screamed.&nbsp; The drain cleaner, designed to "cut

grease", threatened to take off Wendy's skin.&nbsp; Using

a dish scrubber, the chick rubbed off Wendy's pubic

hair, and some layers of skin, too, leaving her crotch

and inner thighs pink and inflamed.&nbsp; A coon hound

came by, sniffing Wendy's cunt.&nbsp; His tongue snaked

out, but he recoiled when he tasted the residue of

the oven cleaner.&nbsp; The chick got some gravy and

poured it over Wendy's belly and thighs, then

laughed as she watched the hound lick it off. 



"We'll keep their car," said Jenna.&nbsp; "Let's take these

losers home before the sun comes up."&nbsp; They cut

down Wendy, who was half insane from the pain of

her tortured cunt and tits, and they tied her hands

behind her, so she couldn't claw at her abused

organs.&nbsp; They tied Todd's hands, then released his

balls from the noose.&nbsp; Jenna tried to pull the mugs of

Wendy's tits, but they wouldn't let go, so she took a

hammer and broke the glass.&nbsp; The black family

shoved their naked victims into a box-bodied truck

and drove them back to Orlando.&nbsp; They forced Todd

to let them into his house and disable the burglar

alarm.&nbsp; They tied Todd and Wendy together, belly to

belly, and left them on the floor while they took

anything of value: Wendy's jewelry, three TV's, a

VCR, the computer, a microwave oven, clothes,

whatever.&nbsp; Just before the loaded truck left, with the

sun just gleaming through the palmettos, Jenna cut

the phone line and some of the ropes which held

Wendy and Todd.&nbsp; "We know where you live," she

said.&nbsp; "Don't give us any trouble.&nbsp; Don't file a report

with the police, or we'll come back and nail your

balls to the front door, next to Wendy's tits."



A week later, Wendy's wounds had healed, but her

mind had not, at least in Todd's view.&nbsp; Every time

he approached her with love-making in mind, she

would sneer and say, holding her hands a foot apart.

"You call that a penis.&nbsp; No, a penis is black, and this

long."



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Abe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





