BDSM Library -  Lakeesha and Brittany




 Lakeesha and Brittany
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two young women take a stroll together.






Lakeesha and Brittany had been good friends since first grade. Now they were
both 18 years old. And the Femina Empire had taken control. Lakeesha was a very
beautiful young black woman, and Brittany was an equally beautiful young blond
white woman. Both had been attracted to each other since puberty, but the taboos
of the pre-Empre Earth had discouraged them from expressing their emotions to
each other. But now they were free to walk down the city streets holding hands.
It was not only tolerated, it was welcomed, for the normal physical attraction
among women in the Empire is for their fellow women. Both girls felt so happy
and liberated.

The sights and sounds of the city excited them. There were naked male slaves
grovelling to their new owners, and there were women and maids publicly
punishing slaves on almost every corner. As they entered a coffee shop, they had
an opportunity to use one of the new ashtray slaves. Almost all of the women in
the Femina Empire smoked either cigarettes or cigars, with the majority of them
preferring cigars. The reason for this was two-fold. Number one, after males
were removed from research positions, medical science exploded in leaps and
bounds, and as a result, smoking in the Empire was no longer hazardous to one's
health. The other reason the Goddesses loved to smoke is because lit cigarettes
and cigars are wonderful objects with which to torture males.An ashtray slave is
often one who, in the pre-imperial time, wanted women to lick his asshole. Yes,
as disgusting as this is, those males actually used to coerce innocent women
into doing that vile act. That day, Lakeesha and Brittany witnessed, and got to
use, an ashtray slave. He was shackled to a support so that his ass stuck
upward, his legs were spread, and his wrists and collar were chained to the
floor. His forehead was pushed to the floor and he was forbidden to move his
head to the left or right. Strapped around his head was a ball-gag that held his
mouth open and muffled all his screams. Four hooks held his butt cheeks open so
that his asshole was exposed and open for use. Of course, always before a slave
is used in this way, he's starved for three days and his colon is thoroughly
cleansed so that nothing offensive can emerge from his ass.

Lakeesha and Brittany both had been smoking cigars and now they were very
anxious to use the ashtray slave. He was hairless of course. All slaves must
have all of their body hair removed, so that they never shed and thereby
contaminate a woman's environment. Lakeesha took the cigar out of her mouth and
looked at the slave's asshole. She knew by this time that males existed only to
serve and to suffer for what they'd done to women, and so she didn't hesitate at
all, but began stubbing out her cigar on the slave asshole. It was so much fun
watching the slave spasm and try in vain to move his ass away from her cigar,
but of course it was to no avail, for he was bound very tightly to the support.
Even better was hearing his muffled screams while she was butting out her cigar.
Next it was Brittany's turn. She'd been laughing the whole time Lakeesha was
using the ashtray. This was so much fun! And the bastard slave SO deserved this!
Looking down at his asshole, Brittany reflected on how disgusting it was now,
and now even more disgusting it would have been in pre-Empire days when males
were hairy. Ewwwww!!! How gross!!!!! So when Brittany put out her cigar, she did
it as slowly as possible, so that both women could savor the fear and the
muffled sobbing of the rotten bastard slave.

Witnessing the male's agony made Lakeesha and Brittany both very horny and wet
by this time, and after they both used the ashtray, they embraced in a long and
passionate kiss and both decided to immediately return to their apartment
where they could fulfill their beautiful desires for each other.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pluto's Femina Empire Fan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





