BDSM Library - In The Hole




In The Hole
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   the kinky relationship between a forty year old man and a seventeen year old boy






 In The Hole
 Chapter 1 Beginnings
 by roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



 Warning: my stories contain snuff, gay, underage, incest, and every other kink, please be an adult and turn the station if this offends you, peace&nbsp; roccodadom







&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Always had the fantasy, me and a teen boy,not obsessed, time to time see a cute kid, think its one of few kinks I havent experienced. Maybe turning forty did it, divorced for years, playing the field, lots of women, a few men, I was agressive bi, loved to ass fuck hard, maybe a little abuse for the fag,mmmmm. Getting bored with it all, had taken the company buyout, sold my home outside Boston, no mortgage, headed to Crescent Lake, in Raymond, Maine, middle of fuck nowhere. To be forty and retired, living in the boonies of rural western Maine very easing,didnt miss the rat race. I had a ten acre lot, only two hundred feet lakeside, oh well, enough trees and brush to isolate me. The lake was only a half&nbsp; mile wide, almost three miles long, about sixty feet deep, perfect for my kayak and me, the fish varied, plentiful. Most of the the other cottages were summer only, there also was a campground across from me, and a coed 6-15 summer camp on my side, north of me, both used only summers. The summer camp took up the rest of our side of the lake.&nbsp; The cottage I did over, the second floor was my master suite, full bath, balcony with view of the White Mountains, and stunning sunsets. The bedroom looked down on the exposed great room below, one large space, kitchen all state of the art, the fireplace huge, heated the whole house through vents. Everything was powered by the windturbine I had installed, had a springfed well, a large greenhouse, grew my veggies, and marijuana, loved to burn weed, watch the animals frolick, was in love with my solitude, till I realized whacking off got boring after all, needed real flesh, thus begins my tale





&nbsp;&nbsp; After a year of pretty much solitude, learning to live simple, I needed sex, woman prefered, would settle for man, whatever. Decided to head to Boston, see relatives, catch up, get laid a lot, scanned craigs list, lots of pros, last resort, the trip a success, got my pipes cleaned by a couple of milfs, horny, needy, skanky, perfect, also got blown by a fag, choke gagged him in a mens room of a bar, my nine inches turning his wimp face blue, sweet, basting his face, while hucking spit on him, only way to treat a stall fag. I was satisfied, heading home, on boring Rt 85, all small towns, trees, lots of nothing, there he was, a novelty these days, his thumb out, appeared to be a teen, why not, sometimes things happen. He headed towards my stopped F150, he was slim, long hair, backpack, lots of teens hitchhiked in Maine, no transit,no money, but this area was pretty empty of year round folks. He got in, wow, he was stunning, the pefect boygirl, his hair silky brown shoulder length, blue eyes alive, face so angelical, unmarred, his hard teen body, his voice nervous, hesitant, asked him where he was heading, more hemming, hawing, figured him out quick, runaway.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His tears sweet, he was a runaway, abusive stepdad, mom didnt care, His name was Brian, he was seventeen, had no money, a wild plan to make it to the lakes region, find a job for the summer, live in the woods, gave him credit for trying, didnyt see him pulling it off, his age and jobs being scarce, even low end jobs, around now I started to think about it, you know, him and me, my place, seclusion, fun, fun, fun. Buttered him up, made him laugh, a little, he was nervous still, but agreed to go to my place, hot shower, food, a real bed, that I would share it with him, left unsaid, for now. He was a nice kid, his story sad, class punching bag, never fit in, mom a crackhead, her new husband brutal to Brian, lots of beatings, humiliation, he was teary, my hand rubbing his hard thigh, telling him that I would protect him, knowing he needed security, craved it, he would trade lots for that,we shall see.


&nbsp; Oh my, his ass was prime, his jeans hugging the full cheeks, his cotton shirt showing his defined stomach to distraction, there was no way I wasnt riding him, there was no way I had that kind of selfcontrol, come on things happen for a reason. His ooh and aahing at the place, the lake, nice, he was smiling, looked so appealing, my arm casually over his shoulder, the way he had to make eye contact with me, like he doubted I was interested in him, needy, boy was needy, needy boys did kinky things,mmmm. The marijauna relaxed us, his coughing sweet, he physically relaxed, thanked me for being nice to him. My opening, told him I wanted him in the water with me, his sexy shy stripping down, his eyes wide at the first glimsp of my oversized sausage. He was perfect, right there, still feminine, muscled teen nice, body hair minimal, again that ass was obscene, you could not look at it and not have bad intentions. Even his legs were sexy girl, little hair, sculpted devine, just a little soft baby fat around his thighs,mmm, his cock was five inches, semihard, boy was interested, balls encased in their hairless, smooth sack, sexy. 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The water was a little cold still, didnt get warm till July, how quickly we were grabassing, his laugh magical, his personality sweet, how good it felt to hug from time to time, as we played tag, chasing each other through the waist high water. His sexy skin retained its heat, like the cool water had no efect on his hotness, sitting at the waters edge, on a large boulder, his sexy bum inches from me, his loosening up, more sadness, kid had a fucked life, had been raped by one of his cunt moms pigs, smiled at my duplicity, got us into a long talk of sex, his cock rising so sexily, he asked questions, I shit you not. Who was I to deny a teens quest for knowledge, he was on his knees, between my spread knees, his eyes locked onto my cock, his marveling at its size, telling him I was way above average, he was average, but had a chance to still grow, his smile, his hand on my cock, looking tiny, his other hand on his raging penis, precum glistening, he was ready, no sense waiting.



&nbsp;&nbsp; He sucked tenative at first, my hand softly running through his silky hair, his comments, it tasted good, I was a so big, his grunt as I entered his steamy mouth, his lips stretched comically wide, the sexy boy winked at me, nice, he was soon swallowing six inches, back and forth,his hot mouth so nice, so wet, his tongue tickling my underside,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; his hands massaging my balls, told him to, he did, this is going to be easy. Clued him in on the coming sperm explosion, told him to keep it in his mouth, he did, looked so cute, my sperm covering his tongue, made him blow bubbles, while I massaged his hard nipples, his body shivering from my rough fingers, he swallowed greedily, lips smacking,admitted he enjoyed doing that, teased him that I wanted that everyday, his sad response, he would do anything to not have to go home, my assurances of his staying here with that tpye of behavoir, he was his giggling self in no time.




 When I sat him on the rock, knelt at his knees, his purrs, I ravished his cock and balls, giving him the best knobber ever, his cum spraying wild, so tasty, some on my face, arm, chest, the way his tiny balls churned, his stomach rippled, his sexy hair shook, his face glowed, he came with passion, good for him. My tongue on his ass got his attention, when I entered his rectum he was tense, I was mindful of the trauma he suffered, took my time, much tender asskisses, tongue swipes, his relaxing, moanings, my tongue entered his boy pussy, how tight, how earthy, how much I enjoyed eating his ass, never one of my things, but he was different, that thought pushing me, wanting to please him, make him safe. He used his hands to spread his cheeks, horny boy, allowing me to get more tongue up his tasty colon, his cock was rock hard again, my hand stroking him, how he erupted, a cum avalanche, covering my head and face, so healthy, his groans over the top.

&nbsp; He did it, took my tongue, our kiss deep, we got silly, scooping his seed off me, feeding each other, sloppy sperm kisses, laughing at our pigginess, back in the lake, I hadnt even taken him into the house and it was guaranteed that I getting his boy pussy soon. I would give him time, start him on small dildos, my fingers, loosen him up, he would give it to me, this boy was needy. He held my hand on the way to the cottage, lovers, his amazement at the interior of the place, the large screen HD, the fireplace, twosided, could be seen in the house, and from the porch, the top of the line computer, telling him he could use it whenever, his thanks, see, he knew how to be thankful, a skill lost on most teens, his astonishment at my shower, could fit four easy, it had ten water jets, I was a shower fanatic. The joy I got from soaping his sexy body, had to smile at my pangs of regret, never having a child, my aceptance that he could be mine, why not, he was a good kid, had every reason to be surly, angry, I mean fuck he had never owned a computer, he was so sweet, as I soaped him his giggles, his abilty to enjoy my tenderness, this was going to work out nicely


&nbsp; He went with me willingly, let me work my fingers up his bum, his pleas to not hurt him, my whispers, only my fingers today, would never hurt him, loved him, he hugged me, our naked bodies rubbing, god, he was perfect, his tongue in my mouth, he slid down me, his need to please me strong, his mouth so devine, my cock hard again, he was going to kill me, mmmmmm. Being a guy I got carried away with my lust, had to try, his willingness to try, got the head in his cutey pussy, his moans of pain, he relaxed, could feel his spincter loosen, ever so slightly, I sliiped in about three inches, he squealed, didnt complain, my slow thrusts, never going deeper that three inches, was content to ride this, wow, his pussy superior, I came quick, powerful, dizzying,mmmm. 


&nbsp; Whem I slid out, his anus closed like a steel trap, good, he was pliable, that was the thing, even though I only gave him three inches of my nine, my cock was almost four inches around, my nickname in the service had been beer can, figure it out. He squealed with joy when I ate his ass, rettrieving my load, which I shared with him, his cock getting leaky again, I ate him, his cum small, I had drained my teen boy, no easy feat. He crashed, his snores soft, sweet, how sexy his ass looked, he was on his side, butt facing me, I slept with my arm around him, cock resting against his otherwordly asscheeks, never slept more content, didnt figure I would ever get this lucky again.




&nbsp;&nbsp; Loved to sit lakeside, sipping tea, smoking a fatty, mind playing, eyes searching the lake, never know what you will see, a moose, a bear, pussy, you never know. Going through yesterday, a bit confused, hot wanting to sex this boy, he was to sexy, not sure about the paternal shit, loved the feelings, but what hapened as he aged, would I cast him away, didnt want to be mean to him, that alone unsettling me. My whole life was based on being a predator, looking to use people fro sex, discard them like yesterdays paper, this boy was messing with that shit, turning me into a fag, abiltiy to laugh at my self a good quality, promised myself I would decide quick, either he was a keeper or not. He surprised me, walking down the dock, naked, mmm, his cock so hard, his smile radiant, could feel my cock reacting, I stood, his hug, sexy kiss, telling me he was happy to be here with me, oh yes, when he told me he wanted me to do him, his words, it had to happen.



&nbsp; Jesus right on the ground, like a couple of piggies, I took him missionary position, slowly, tenderly, if sticking my huge cock up his tiny butt could be done tender, his cock rubbing my hard stomach, our kisses passionate, lots of spit swapped. He did it, anal sex is all about the fuckee accepting it, and he did, trying to get more of me in him, seven inches, his anus looked so sexy swollen, my hand spanking his bum, his squeals of joy, his legs locking around my waist, his hands pulling my ass to him, pleading for more, I was all in, nine inches by four, his rectum full of cock, he came all over my belly, the warm sperm feeling so hot on my skin, I exploded, flooding his shitter, my moans like that of a rutting elk, our postcum hugging, kissing so sexy, our laughs at how muddy we were, how sexy he was, jesus, he really was beautiful, hauntingly, couldnt get that sweet face from my mind, didnt want to either.


&nbsp;&nbsp; We ate like pigs, naked, lots of groping, tickling, I fed him mouthfuls of pancakes, mama bird feeding baby, his chirping priceless, his ability to be happy just infected me, had to be in a good mood, he had that power. We went to the nearest Walmart, wanted him outfitted, though I ordered him sexy clothes online, his regular shit he could pick. He was&nbsp; good about spending my money, not greedy, not obnoxious, he got some jeans, shorts, shirts, tightywhities, his whispers that he wanted to wear panties for me, my cock stirred, couldnt wait to our VS order arrived. Let him get some computer games, a couple of CDs, that he liked to read good, he picked a good width of fiction, his hunger for knowledge there, needing some stroking, I would make him free, free to learn for the right reason, cause he wanted to, not to please others, or to get a free ride through a diploma mill.



&nbsp;&nbsp; After stocking up on food, took him to a local outfitter, his shock at the cost, telling him clothes mattered in the woods, he looked smokin in his cams, his boots top of the line, winter gear&nbsp; would be shipped later, his joy at the 22 rifle I bought him, a starter gun, his rod and reel fit his hand perfect, my little outdoors man. His kayak matched the one I had, the little boy was getting giddy, started acting up, overstimulated, to be expected. My reaction severe, marched him to the truck, his beggings at my steely silence, pulled imto nearby woods, got him out, his hands on the tailgate, I dropped his pants and undies, his ass so sexy, his pleas for mercy, no way. i whipped him with my belt, his squeals so erotic, his ass so red, bur he stayed put, took his punishment, good boy, his tears were plentiful. Held him to me as I rubbed his heated butt,wiped his teary eyes, snotty nose, told him in gentle terms never to act like a spoiled brat or I would really punish him, his begging forgiveness, on his knees, I pissed him, his shock amusing, all over his stinging ass,his cock twitching delightfully, sport wanted the kink. We spent time kissing deep, lovers kisses, got him dressed, and went and bought us matching ATVs, he was about as thankful as allowed, and still sincere, thats all I ask, show me some respect.



&nbsp;&nbsp; He was easy to train, I dont think either of us thought of it as such, but after that ass whooping he tried to please, the funny part being, he admitted he loved the pain,mmm, my pain boy, but hated that he disappointed me, thats the deal right there. Made myself a promise not to get carried away with him, haha, my life was a series of failed self promises. He got his role down, he shared cooking, cleaning, I taught him gun safety and training, how to fish, he was a klutz at first, his casts landing anywhere but the water, his ability to laugh it off sweet, my patience long with him, surprising me, figured this was important, if Brian didnt like outdoors shit, and less face it, most teens dont, this was gonna be tough. His joy at reeling in a nice sized landlocked salmon all I required. His quick pick up good, in no time he was on his own, so sexy with his shirt off, from time to time he would run his tongue over his lips, smile at me, bad boy.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Obsessive, I felt myself slipping there, had to play with him, hold him, stroke him, tongue him, fuck him, he didnt complain, seemed to be into it, kept the bling coming his way, his own laptop, mp3 player, jewlery, no sense taking chances. He was into the Victoria Secrets stuff, modeling it for me, I was stroking my rod, smoking a fatty, sipping a Bud, sitting in front of the roaring fireplace, naked, couldnt be more relaxed, content, his playfulness, his happiness making it all seem right. He looked so sexy girl in the black thigh highs, red garter belt, silky red thong, his cock tenting it nicely, the red four inch heels forcing him to walk girl sexy, his supreme ass shaking just right, his knowing smile, he knew he was hot, was getting confident with his body,mmmm.


&nbsp;&nbsp; As he stood before me, taking my hands, his looking so tiny next to mine, his eyes locked on mine, he loved me, thats nice, mu hug strong, his gleeful squeal sexy, he had put on some of the perfume I bought him, just enough, jesus he was a girl, as my hands toyed with his ass, so soft, no hair, a girls butt, my finger easily entering his anus, his grip tight, but he opened on the first knock now, he could cum from me ass banging him, I had trained his ass to be a cunt, easy to do, if the boy wanted it, again, the fuckee always set the tone, simply by relaxing their spincter or not, Brian honestly liked me fucking him, liked it missionary, much kissing, again I had always been an assraper with guys, kissing was for fags, this was alot, chose to go wth it, figure why after, leading him to the bedroom, his ass stunning as he climbed the stairs to the master suite,his hamming it up, seductively posing, my camera going a mile a minute, how perfect his body, that nagging thought, wanted him girled up some, no body hair, maybe B cup tits, hormones would do that, one thing was sure, I wanted him to keep his cock and balls, loved the way he stayed hard forever, he was getting so into being a sex piggy, occassionaly had to slow him down, play daddy, take him some where, hiking, ATVs, his chance to be a teen boy, it pleased me strong to give him that, it was he who always pushed his fem side back into the game.



&nbsp; We talked it out, he wanted to be my girl, not a fag for others, wasnt sure how he felt about girls, other than they were mean to him, welcome to manville, son. Chicks could fuck you up, but I needed to clear this up, was he a girl, or a needy sexually confused teen boy. He was sitting on my lap, his nightie short, silky, red, his fave color, my hand tenderly toying his balls and dripping stick, his smell intoxicating, his kisses wet, sloppy, his giggles sweet, he was stoned, he got goofy on pot, hornier, looser, we shall see. Had to have him drink my piss, it mattered to me, he wanted to, didnt want to puke, my assurance that it was cool, that he tried was the thing. I led him outside, He looked so sexy, on his knees, cock hard, naked body trembling slightly, mouth sloppy wide open, his tongue wiggling, eyes sparkling, horny boy. I pissed him good, strong, yellow brew, he took it, was relaxed enough to do it. Swallowing piss was easy, just a matter of holding some in your mouth, little swallows, people didnt piss much more than an average soda, mostly less.


&nbsp; He did puke it up, his body contorting sexy, I fucked him right in his puke, both of us muddy, puke soaked, spitting in each others faces, I fucked him crazy hard, his moans giant, his orgasm spraying my stomach and chest, I pulled out of his fiery ass, sprayed his body with my spunk, we were slopped up nice, spit, sperm, puke, cum, and Brian pissed on my stomach, so warm, our tongues wrestling, jesus, how could I ever be happier. We just lay there, in the mud, spent, content, my hand carressing his chest, told him my plan, would get him some pussy, see if he liked it, also my desire to tit him up, he agreed, only asking if he could be a girl all the time,mmmm. Wanted his cock and balls, didnt want him to have a cunt, his ass was a cunt, he laughed, I was right, he came almost always. Besides as I playfully spanked his hot bottom, I was the daddy, he was the son, his kisses nice, again, his needs I met.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Our swim refreshing, he was a fish in the water, how sexy his winded, gasping body was on shore, me tenderly drying his chilled, goose bumped skin, little butterfly kisses, his sighs heroin to me. We spent the day making him sexier, he really got into it, his willingness to give himself to me, I managed to remove all his body hair, most with Nair, but for fun I used duck tape on his pubes, his howls for real, tears flowing, telling him if I ever find any pubic hair on him I would burn it off with a propane torch, he came, my pain boy came at that thought,mmmm, oh my. I fed him his spermies, mixed with his snots, piggy boy. It was fun rubbing the lotion into his skin, his flesh so taut, that sexy elasticity only found in youth, his nipples so tender, my sucking them hard,plump gumdrops, girl nips for sure, his pleadings, wanting me, no way I could do it again, I was drained, my balls on strike, time to introduce Brian to the joys of autoerotica.


 He went with it, ramming the eight inch dildo in and out of his snatch, I talked to him, the nasty things I was going to do to him, softly stroked his twitching, leaking cock, his nonsensical words, his tongue licking his lips, panting crazy, frantic, could feel his sperm errupting up his shaft, gave him some quick jerks, christ, he was a sperm&nbsp; volcano, his hands stuffing the whole dildo up his ass, that was fuck amazing, never have I seen any thing sexier, my kisses plenty for him, the noise of the dildo sliding out sweet, his fart boisterous,laughs easy.



&nbsp; 
&nbsp; It was fun painting his nails, fingers and toes, his amusement at my paws being so delicate, when I sucked each of his toes first he purred, he did have sexy feet, small, perfectly shaped. The sundress was loose enough that his lack of tits wasnt obvious, his legs so sexy, definitly female gams, his open toed sandals had a three inch lift,mmm, his sexy ass rolling back and forth, his shiny blonde hair so feminine, his smell perfect, I did his makeup light, lipstick cherry red, he was a girl, a flat chested teen cunt. He was nervous, that I was taking him out in public, amusingly I pointed out it was easy for him, he had no choice, my fondling my leather belt, close by, around my wasit, he got it, could see him relax, he was a true submissive, would be free under someone elses watch. Made him walk around the grounds, he looked like a girl, he was even doing girly things, lots of silly hand gestures, body always shifting to a new pose, he would flip his hair time to time, his head shaking just right. He had no adams apple, his face all angel, all princess, we could pull this off, oh this would be fun.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He was subdued on the ride, my refusal to tell him my plans, a game, he loved the suspense, my right hand fondling his sexy balls, encased in&nbsp; the silky thong, which was soaked from his precum drippings, he was in a state. Had to go easy, took him to a family restaurant, he was noticed, my amusement, the guys who saw Bri brieflty all had the same look, they wanted her, sweet. The waitress was a little leery, the pig was definitly trying to think, not her strong suit, my voice distracting, one thought at a time for the dullard. His voice sounded girly, not over done, soft, sweet, his smile sexy, my obvious approval, he told the waitress he wished he got boobs like hers, she bought it, her calling Bri Girl, her over cigaretted voice perfect, Bris would pop out one day then all the guys would chase her. To say it was all surreal isnt overplayng it, I played with his cock, hidden in our booth, stroking him under the table, his look so rewarding, he was orgasming again, fucker was a cum spewing machine. I captured it in my palm, and casually spread it on our rolls, our secret causing us to get giggly, the waitress asking if everything was fine as she brought our meals, told her the butter seemed sour, the cunt tried a bit of my roll, how we didnt fall on the floor from glee I dont know, I think we were both so stunned the pig would just bite someone elses all ready chewed roll, but she did concur after much mouth swilling, said she knew that taste, couldnt place it, Brian actually pretended to sneeze to mask a loud snort of laughter.



&nbsp; He was exuding girliness, my real test for him, at the spent mall, this place was sad, bordered up stores, Dollar Tree was the anchor, why bother. He wanted to, went and talked to a boy, his obvious imterest, the way he stared into Bris sexy blue eyes, my loving it, when Bri turned away he spun his hair so sexy, so real girl, that boy would jack to him for ever. Told him we didnt ever have to come here again, he called it zombie mall, everyone slow, left behind, his admission that he wanted to hurt that kid, mmm, got him to open up. Wow, he was good, his fantasy, kicking some straight kids ass, girled up, and then raping his ass, oh, thats my boy. He had the kids number, had&nbsp; to think this over, could get rough, quick, mmm, jesus would that be hot, born the idea to turn Bri into a fighting machine. He got it, how to fight, not just punch, how to play your foe, make your shots count, he had quick hands, not powerful, his legs were strong, got him to unleash brutal kicks to the opponents knees,his coordination amazing, like a cat,a sexy pussy cat, with lethal claws, my fighter boy.


&nbsp; His shock when I punched his face hard, cut his cheek, didnt want to break his sexy button nose, his legs buckled, he took it though, needed him to feel a punch, now he knew, his tears, my caresses, told him he took my punch on his feet, when some fag teen hit him, Brian would weather it, he got me, his sexy fist hitting my ear, boney fuck hurt. I loved him for being able to do that,told him that, but still got him over my knee, barebottomed him till his ass was beat red, his tears real, body wracked by sobs, his cock, and mine, rock hard, both of us drippy. Our after spank fuck tender, he rode me, while I massaged his burning cheeks, getting crazy rough as he neared climax, spanking him, pinching the imflamed flesh, nails scraping, his squirms hot, the way his anus tightened with my spanks, his cum hitting my face, little boy had more baby batter than normal, sweet tasting, thick goo. We snuggled naked in front of the computer, watching hard SM sites, he dug the shit, both of us hard, but sated, wanted him to be fed sex, real and in his mind always, his preoccupation, as I held the ice bag to his sexy bruised face..


&nbsp;&nbsp; He was getting tougher and girlier at once, he worked out in the gym I had above the garage, frree weights, machines, a threadmill, he was, like me addicted to it, a daily need to excerise, he was toned, but not to muscular, the hormones hindering his muscle growth, good. The hormones working, he had little swells, mmmmm, his pride large, wearing the training bra I got him with enthusiasm, I could suck those tits for ever. Brian was getting colder though, not to me, his disdain for others large, simmering. He bagged his first deer, his shot to the stomach hobbling the animal, its cries pathetic, Bri wanted it slow, shooting the suffering deer in the haunch, legs, back, its cries louder, Bri was rock hard, my little paingiver. He was goofy helping me skin the carcass, we smeared its entrails all over our naked bodies, hugs and kisses, tasted the deers blood, swapped it back and forth, I fucked him laying in the deers opened belly, using the animals legs to propel me harder into Bris boy pussy, our cums animalistic, what else. We looked satanly, riding our ATVs back to the house, covered in blood, toting a slab of venison, the deers very holy skin along for the ride,mmmmm.


 




&nbsp; As the first months of our being together passed, things got figured out, we were with each other constantly, had few tantrums, though he was punished routinely, his need great, my desire compulsive. He would cum if I whipped his ass right,mmmm, made me wonder who was getting disciplined anyhow. Our daily workouts were intense, challenging each other, naked, our bodies ripped, his tits firm,&nbsp; ass soft, sculpted perfect, built for fun. We now boxed with sixteen ounce gloves, didnt want to chance marring his beauty, even though the fucker was face bombing me any chance he got, and he got good quick, catching my next move lightening quick, the art of fighting. We were building this thing, his need for violence, my love for it well nutured, always my best sexual conquests involved violence, the great liberator.

&nbsp; It was July 4th weekend, the camp across the lake banged out, full of screaming kids, Bri wanted to shoot them all, no, I dont think so. The coed camp on our side was also in full swing, though other than the corny bugle calls, they were remarkably quiet. Decided it was time for some fun, jesus, he was a girl, his tits a nice B, perfect for his thin frame, his hair down to his lower shoulders, lots of sexy, bouncy yellow curls, his bikini red, what else, his stomach hotty flat, the bottoms snugging his basketball butt, his thighs soft, his cock was tucked between his legs, made him take a wraparound with him in case he, haha, gets wood, the kid seldom didnt have a raging boner, my training paid off, my little cum slut, his heeled sandals really showing his stuff,mmm, off we headed in our canoe, me paddling, he being sexy, giving me peaks of his tits, his nipples rock hard.


&nbsp;&nbsp; My eye sight was quality, spotted the kid sitting near the shore, hello, Bri giggling that he was going to pork him good, teased him tough talk from a virgin, he had never fucked anyone, his sadnes, fuck, that hurt, I cheered him, got him focused, told him to fuck the fag good, as I headed to the teenager, he was watching us, not leaving, Bri said hi, sounding quite girly. The kid was about Bris age, slim, not muscular, talked lispy, no wonder he was alone, fag. Let Bri out, he standing close to the fag, same size, Bri was a girl, his bikini so sexy, he was massaging the boys crotch, the fag looked stunned, but when Bri rammed his knee into the kids balls, the fag went down, the sound of the air leaving him sweet, my camera getting it all. Bri stripped the kid, his cock fat and hard, fag wanted it. Bri slipped his bikini bottom of exposing his cock, the kid gasped, Bri told him he was getting fucked, the fag tried to get away, Bri going violent crazy, fists, knees, feet, like an out of control beatdown machine, the kid cowering from the assault, jesus, I was hard watching my girl.


&nbsp; Brian didnt waste time, took him doggy style, fast and hard, I had to get in on this, standing behing Bri, massaging his tits, telling him he was a man, as the fag continued to sob, though I noticed his six inches were fully extended, dripping teen juice. I stroked the fags fat cock, Bri was almost there, his face looking so excited, sweaty, flushed, his eyes sparkling,his moans that this was the best feeling, my little fudgepacker, our life, his cum huge, ramming his cock up the fag, violating him, raping him,bloodying him, nice. The fag refused to clean Bris seriously slimed dick,covered in a stew of cum, shit and blood, I got the fag up, hands around his scrawney throat, lifted him off the ground, as he gagged, turned purple, I told him what he was going to do, he fucking right did it, fag. Bri loving the way the fag cleaned his cock, my tongue in my boys mouth, my whispers he was a man, my lover, his giggles, wanted me to take the fag, yes, yes, I tore him up, wanted to hurt him, his tears amusing, Bri taunting him, making the sissy eat his ass, watching that nasty scene just feet in front of my fucking, too much, I exploded up the fags bloody ass, a complete, toe curling orgasm. He cleaned my wood, Bri and I pissed him good, made him jerk off, lying covered in our urine, piggy boy, his cum huge, teens had way to much sperm. Brian helped the clown up, made him beg on camera to be our piggy, my boy was a mean girl, telling the kid we would put it on line, the whole sexy scene if he said a word, he swore he wouldnt, he wouldnt, we left him, full of our juice, covered in our piss, a fun morning for all.

&nbsp; Wanted to know why he didnt get more violent, his admission the kid was a loner, like he was, picked on by others. Bri wanted to fuck up a jock, mr popular, humiliate him in front of his peers, havent we all had that fantasy,mmm, gave him a passionate tonguing, his sighs, confusion, I explained my love for his natural sense of justice, the way he didnt get carried away with the wimp, his giggles, with a stuckup jock, he would need blood,mmmm, funny how it was out there, both of us comfident it would happen, not obsessive, but it would happen.


&nbsp; We fished the rest of the day, he even converted to boy clothes, his tits covered up nice, hair ponytailed, told him I loved his changing back and forth, he still wasnt sure where he belonged, reassured him I loved him either way, kidded him as long as I got his pussy, he was serious in his want of me to own him, his adult seriousness endearing, he would be better off under my wings than anywhere else, loved to serve me, we got silly, formal pledges of undying devotion, I used a fisk knife to cut each of our fingers, we mixed our blood, forever, our kiss loving, our commitment for real, both of us agreed no turning back, had to live this out, I knew, I knew he knew, this was going to get wilder, had to.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; the end chapter 1










 In The Hole
 Chapter 2
 roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



 Warning: my stories contain snuff, gay, underage, incest, and every other kink, please be an adult and turn the station if this offends you, peace&nbsp; roccodadom44





&nbsp;&nbsp; Amazed at his growth, his body so fit, yet soft, tits so perky, small but heavy, his ass still to die for, his attitude better every ass whooping, his need for me all encompassing, I was his all, his God, he sucked my toes every morning after serving me tea and a bone, his cock raging, dripping, he was in the throes of religious devotion, how ego building it all was. Never did I get to carried away with him, I did love him, even from that first day, loved his neediness, his vulnerability, so sexy to me. Other than his spankings, and a few well earned whippings, I never hurt him, treated him like a prince, spoiled him with gifts, gave him the sexing he needed, craved, right amount of kink, both aware we were ever heading towards real violence, both giddy, Bri was torturing fish he snagged, he was so blood lusted. Made the call, we would travel to Conway NH, there was always white trash camping in the woods, homeless scum, victims, he loved it, begged me to go now, explained this was real shit, needed planning, he had to be prepared, no screwups, or I would be disappointed in him, my ace card, he couldnt handle failing me, his sobs, my caresses, he was all ears as I detailed our actions, a plan, always have a plan.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His energy contageous, we were both heavy with blood rage, Brians need to hurt large, I was in that zone, only violence could feed this jones. The fuckers were nasty, the grounds they camped on trashed, literally, pigs, they all were preoccupied with nothing, Bri pointing out the couple in the far corner, wow, they had a kid with them, well, the family that camps together, and all that. The father was fat, weak, drunk, the mother plump, tits flopping out of her bikini top, her belly proudly displayed, fat ass for all to see, hanging out of the way to tight bottom, her kid, he looked thirteen or so, scrawney.sadsack, he walked with his head down,broken, forced to spend all his time with dullards.


&nbsp; What the fuck, I could talk, introduced us to them, Bri looked all girl, his tits showing sexy in the tube top, his sexy daisy dukes drew you to his ass, wow, he was the sexiest girl at this camp, no fuck doubt. Chubby, the drunk hubby, was obnoxious to say the least, leering at Bri, grabbing his little bulge, telling me he would swap his wife for my kid, yeah I was enraged, yeah I knew this had to get bloody, but winking at Bri, he knew, I wanted to play it out, the fat fuck was a riot, his self bravado staggering in its patheticness. The wife looked beat, cringing at her hubbys blowhardedness, he was tellng me how he could go, I guess he meant fight, caught Brians slient pleading, I could wait. The kid was tiny, about four feet, all bones, little sexy belly, his trunks loose, couldnt see his ass, was satisfied with his mouth, had those perfect boy lips, soft, full, wet,mmmm.



&nbsp; Well, chubby did it, stepped in the deep shit, fucked up, cashed in his non existant chips, called me a fag, challenged me, winner takes the pussy, he bellowed that in my face,breath staggering me, my smile serene, wifey knew, sonny knew, surely my baby boy knew, I was gonna fuck this toad up, the only one living under any other fantasy was chubbo, as he went back to leering at Bri, my brain snickering that Bri could take this turd, really, it wouldnt be close, but I suppose, the fuck called me out, I should handle the shit. He never reacted, my fist driving through his nose, instant explosion, like a bomb hit his ugly squash. He was out, sprawled, gasping through his mouth, bloody, snotty air coming out his destroyed nose, his eyes swollen shut, face ugly black and blue. Brian went at him, sexy defined, his hard/soft body so hot stomping the pigs body, his heels leaving sweet red marks all over, funny the wife didnt stop us, the kid looked amazed, like he thought this fat fuck could back up his uncouth bravado.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Made wifey, her name was Carla, fetch us drinks, as we tied chubby up behind their tent, we both got in some more fist shots, just love punching fuckers, watching Bri drive his boney fist into fattys belly, the way the flab shook, must be jelly, cause jam dont shake like that, even the little kid laughed at that saw. Carla was 32, her husband, chubby, was 50's, same old shit, married a couple years, he beat her into submission, beat her son, not his, told Ricky, the kid, that he had that going for him, he smiled, me and Bri purred, he was beautiful, noticed Brians bulge, I was stirring, this kid was all sexy, perfect prepuberty boygirl, oh mercy, had to have it, Bri discreetly rubbing his now throbbing wood, trying to hide it, giggling, my little sluttty girl. Seems fatso lost his job, all the money he had saved, so he told his family, he had actually blown day trading, fuck loser, he didnt look smart enough to tie his shoes, never mind play with the money grubbers.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Told Brianna, always called him that, seriously, he was a girl right now, amazing how he could become a cunt, had all the mannerisms spot on, to take Ricky, sweetie pie, for a walk, I wanted to explain some shit to Carla, he was wise, oggling&nbsp; Rickys little butt, as he strolled off. Gave the pig a choice, she and Ricky could come to our place, live with us till shit was better, but chubby, she started to say his name, I roughly closed her mouth with my paw, didnt need to know this losers name, he wasnt coming anywhere near my home, she laughed when I freed her mouth, rather have me beat on her than shithead, her words, showed me where he burnt her tits with his butts, it got worst, he burnt Rickys balls with a lighter, whipped him bloody for fun, had to be done, society called for this toads removal.

&nbsp; She was ready for it, had enough, or rather couldnt let Ricky get hurt anymore, the other night she attacked chubby, but he choked her out, her neck still bearing nasty bruises, jesus, what a fag. Laid it out, chubby was gonna get drowned in the nearby river, thats that, she sighed, actually sighed, asked if I could do that, told her, she and Ricky would, her fear, I stroked her, kissed her, she responded, christ she had tits, those heavy ones, you could just bury your woes in,or abuse splendidly, mmmm. Shit head was mumbling behind the tent, I took her hand, led her to him, loved the hate in her eyes, she was there, done, as he whimpered, talked nonsense, we stomped him, my face shot with my size 13 steel toed had him back in lala land, Carla thanking me, offereing anything to be with us,mmmm, oh I could think of a little something


&nbsp;&nbsp; Carla took it well, that Bri was a boy, how he came from the same life as Ricky, how happy he was, how he wanted to be a girl, sometimes he wanted to be a boy, my kidding I had one kid, he was both, sometimes my sexy daughter, sometimes my handsome boy, she wated to know if we would hurt them, other than being strapped for bad behavoir, no, stressed that me and Brian would have to have Ricky, we were guys after all, and guys had no self control, she openly wondered if Ricky was gay, he was so pretty, clued her in, he was prepuberty, that was the draw of older guys to boys, they were little girls with wood, their preteen bodies so smooth, so female shaped still, slim legs, big butts, little tummies, soft undeveloped breasts, soft, sweet tasting mouths, she kidded she wanted some, told her we would need to see that, also wanted her to take on Brian, his never having been with a real cunt before.

&nbsp; When the kids returned, both looking otherwordly sexy, Carla had her top off, I was groping her immense tits with one hand, passing her the fat joint with the other, the kids eyes glued to Carlas mounds, impressive they were. Brian was upset, I knew, I loved that I could sense his emotions, my baby, his words scatter gun fast, lifting Rickys shirt, showing me the scars from whippings, his anger so just, I kissed him, deep, massaged his perfect butt, told his shocked being, it was cool, Carla and Ricky were gonna come stay with us for awhile. He wanted it, pleading to take care of the fag, Ricky chiming in, his hand in Bris, his devotion to Bri so sweet, his new big sister/brother.

&nbsp; We had fun at fattys exspence, lots of fun, I had everyone piss in his face, he was bawling, squirming, but he was piss soaked, piggy, let the kids burn his fag body with lighters, their unrestrained violence so hot, they fried his balls, turned it into a hideous black sack, Carla excited at Rickys zeal, roooting her baby on, like it was Little League, Ricky went for a home run, holding his roaring Bic to his former abusers tiny dickhead, the way it bubbled, popped, charred, swelled, smelled, so sexy, Ricky was free, Carla hugging her baby. I roughly throwing Carla over a nearby rock, ripping her bottoms off, fat ass, hairy cunt, her confusion, told her Ricky needed to punish her for not protecting her, let the kids tear her ass up with green switches, her cries, moans, sexy, her juice running down her thighs, telling Ricky he was giving his mommy an orgasm, the kids went faster,harder, she exploded, begging for more, telling the kids she wanted them,mmmm.



&nbsp; Sperm of the moment, Bri got his first piece of ass, took the pig hard, telling me he dug her cunt, how wet, hot it was, his cum quick, explosive, lil Ricky was getting after mommy, his tiny baby penis rock hard, when he was close, I pulled him out, rubbed his little willy off, as I suspected he had a dry cum, his cock shaking sweet, no spunk yet, true boy/girl. Had to feed Carlas sloppy cunt to chubby, he puked, the kids stomped, let Carla and Ricky tell the fag how much they hated him, great moment, their hate loud and clear, we dragged him into the rocky, swift moving river, his body struggling, as Carla and Ricky held his head under the crystal clear water, laughed to myself, if shithead cared that the river was so pristine, he died easy, gave up, like his life, a series of failures, winners and losers


 We cut his ropes off, I swam his dead self out to the deep part, current strong, and chubby was all gone, the river would deposit his carcass in the Atlantic Ocean with any luck, if not a drunk homeless creep drowned, whoopy fuck doo, fag. The ride home was fun, everyone happy, Carla was learning her way, christ I reached to adjust the mirror, to see sexy Ricky , , she flinched hard, wow, told her I would never punch her, I would whoop her ass, hang her by her fab orbs, rip her cunt hair out by fistfuls, Ricky and Bri giggling in the back seat, but I would never punch her, she giggled, that was something she guessed. Of course I was lying. Hard driving and staring at Rickys sexy baby face, so perfect, so angelical, loved that Bri was stroking Rickys exposed litttle soldier, caught my babys eye, his look evil, oh, we were gonna fuck little Ricky senseless, could bet on that.



&nbsp; At the compound, it was fast, like we rehearsed it, and of course we had, many times, Bri took Rickys hand, led him into the house, telling the little sex toy he was going to show him his room, haha, while I led Carla to the shed out back, she bought I wanted to show her our garden. When she was in front of me, I simply punched her temple, all out smack, cunt went down, so much for not hitting her. had her cuffed, in the shed, told the foggy tramp, we would see her later, her fear and tears nice, but you lied, she said that,blah blah cunt, welcome to reality, loser, I had to piss in her face, I did, telling her her only hope was to submit, her choice, secured the door, leaving her in darkness, chance for her to decide, almost ran to the house, had to get in on that shit.


&nbsp; Brian had Ricky naked, little boy looked sad,like someone tricked him, fuck him, his ass was superb,not even a hint of hair, perfectly round globes of fun, little girls butt, as we spread his legs,roughly, his anal ring so perfect, we would change that, his cries, his sobs, snot on his upper lip,mmm, sexy boy. Told him&nbsp; time to pick his cherry, Bri giggled, little boy looked confused, my worming my fat finger up his gloriously tight rectum got his attention, his squeals, body shifting, Bri sat on his tiny chest rubbing his cock all over Rickys weepy face, leaving a nice trail of precum, Bri teasing him, telling the baby we were gonna fuck him crosseyed. Jesus his ass was heaven, as I ate him sloppy, lots of lip smacking, tongue thrusting up his tasty colon, his sphincter loosening, his sexy ass felt so right in my paws, how his flesh felt when I spanked him with my hardened hands, his balls tiny, hairless marbles, his cock was hard, little fag, a two inch miniture, capped with a cute red head, begging to be sucked, I greedily blew him, swallowed his balls whole, leaving my saliva running down his ass crack.

 Bris turn to taste baby, he was in heaven, telling me how good his ass tasted,&nbsp; while I smacked the fags face with my rock hard monster dong. Time for little Ricky to earn his keep, I lay beside him, arms holding him down, while Bri got his cock lined up with the little boy pussy, his screech heaven, Bri went deep, all of his six inches up Rickys ass, his withdrawal was a shit and blood coated affair, Bri got down to it, a ruthless, high energy ass rape, while I sucked the babys face, twisted his adorable nipples, stroked his cock, even tickled his belly, made him squirm, giving my boy a better ride. I shifted to sitting on the little sobbers face, my ass smothering his sexy full lips, now I could see Bri, the love of my life get his first rut up prime boy pussy. He looked adorable, his face screwed up with determination, he wanted to really fuck the little shit crosseyed, how rough Bri was, slapping Rickys little jewels hard, swapping spit with me, grabbing my rod, yanking me, fucking Ricky, Bris tits shaking sweetly, my baby girl was a man.


&nbsp; He came like a fucking bull, ramming his cock up the bloodied shit hole, his grunts so sexy, matched with Rickys screams,mmmm, surround sound, I was stroking Rickys tiny, he dry came again, naughty boy, I guess he liked eating ass, getting porked, getting his ass flooded with teen cum, Bri wondered if he liked pain, smashed his fist into the tiny belly, mmmm, sounded so nice, fucker blew hot air up my ass,mmm, puked, all over it, I ground my puked on ass all over the whiner, told him I was keeping score, all the fuckups would need to be dealt with, and puking on my ass was a major fuckup, Bri begging to hurt him, my baby wanted blood, stop sign, had to slow us down. 

 My turn, decided I wanted to make love to the toy boy, made him lay spread eagle on his back on the bed, Bri at his side, letting Ricky suck his tits, telling me he wanted Ricky relaxed before I took him, my boy, we each pulled a tiny leg back over the fags head, like a juicey turkey, my cock inches above his pussy. It looked obscene, the mixture of sperm, blood, and shit dribbling from Rickys not so pretty anymore anal ring. Bri was fascinated at my cock entering the huffing and puffing sweaty kid, four inches around, it looked freaky up such a small bum, but it was proceeding, the noises sexy from Ricky, lots of grunts, moans, squeals, beggings, met with Bri spitting in his face, laughing at him, telling him that we would fuck him everyday, get used to it,mmmm, I could see us using this piece of cunt all day long.


 So good, the feeling of being nine inches up little Rickys colon, how hot, tight, my cock felt encased in glory, when I started to power fuck him he was chanting, babbling, his body lifting off the soaked bed as my cock withdrew, his colon so tight, refusing to let my cock free,mmm, Bri kidding that the little shit was going to steal my cock, told him not my heart, it belonged to Bri, he tongued me good, as I flooded the little fck toys ass with my sperm, best cum ever, fuck ever. He didnt want to clean my soiled wood, over my knee he went, I spanked him crazy, his sexy bum all red, shit, sperm, and blood running down his legs, so erotic, our fuck pig. He ate my cock, looked sick, fuck him, he would eat worst before his time was up. Brian gave him an OTK spanking also, so sexy his tits shaking, body flexing with his powerful ass swats, little Ricky was catching hell, as it should be. We cuffed him to the bed post, went for a swim, grab assing, giggling, kissing, hugging, sweet words of love, me and my baby, every one else was just prey,mmm.


&nbsp; What to do with the fuck toy in the bedroom and the cow in the shed,so many options, both agreed keeping them around for now would be fun, working Ricky and Mommy together, turning them on each other, lots of fun there, but we didnt see any reason to keep the fat cunt long, Bris admission, he didnt care for pussy, wanted to be my girl, though he loved doing Ricky, my faggy girl,mmm. I didnt want the pig around, she was just going to muck shit up, looked dull, used up, a pain pig she would become. Smoking a fatty, sitting on the dock, feet dangling in the warm, clear water made our plans, keep Ricky for our fuck hole, get crazy with the cow, get rid of her online, lots of sites had avenues to work out such dealings, it was a sick world, thank the stars for that, as Bri gave me a superior suck job, paying homage to me, his worship deep, breaking his sucking to verbally blow me, I loved to hear his odes of respect for me, mmmm, my cum basting his girl angel face, jesus, felt like my soul was rushing out my cock head, this feeling was otherwordly


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


&nbsp; Carla the cunt, thats what we called her, reduced her to a sorry state, constant abuse, humiliation, verbal beatings, she worked all day, cleaning up after us, and we were sloppy, laundry, always licking our dirty undies first, sniffing our sweaty socks. She cooked all the meals, food fit for kings, her ration was chewed up leftovers, dry dog food, our spit, cum, shit, puke, we fed her it all, she ate it all, pig. She drank our pissloads daily, simple command she knelt, opened wide, good toilet. We beat her crazy, lots of tit abuse, Bri loved to use pliers on her, twisting her tit flesh silly, her nipples reduced to deformed, bloody tips, her ass always red, with much black and blues, lots of deep scarring, bitch was fun to whip, her screaming first rate. We had managed to stretch her hideous cunt lips three inches from her mound, ugly, misshapen, uneven, fat cunt. We made her fuck her son often, Ricky sticking his tiny baby wood up her canyon, he even back doored her, Bri and I cheering the little fag on. Mommy was done, our pig, her mind broken good, making her feed Ricky her shit, we made her shit into a bowl, then feed it to her son, from a spoon, he wore a bib, we wrote on it SHITEATER, thats funny, she did it, Bri holding the propane torch, lit,daring the cunt to defy us, mmmm.


&nbsp; Speaking of being broken, Ricky was traumatized crazy, we had abused him a lot, much ass plowing, throatchoking him daily, he was a piss drinker, shit eater, we tortured his little cock and balls silly, lots of burns, Bri using his fave pliers, they locked with angry grips, leaving red, bloody, destroyed skin. We could actually double ass bang him, his shit chute tore, we didnt care, the feeling of me and my babys cocks rubbing up dimwits boy cunt was just to amazing, We did have fun stitching his ripped asshole up, getting wild with the needle, sticking it into his sensitive cock head, his pleas, our taunts, his misery, our joy, his hopelessness, our carefreeness, it was all how you looked at it.



&nbsp; Some nights when me and Brian wanted some private time, we would simply stuff the little fuck doll into the dog cage with his ugly mother, they were crushed against the hard metal wired sides, no way to move, Rickys face buried in his moms huge tits, lucky boy,of course, we had to fuck with them, using long lighters to burn them here and there, thier body spasms moving the cage,their screams getting us rock hard, we pissed them goodnight, went and had a slow fuck, made love,how nice my baby felt in my arms, his tits sexy as ever, ass still a steel trap, mmm, slept comfy, our pigs not so much



&nbsp; We had stayed away from the coed summer camp nearby, didnt want to draw attention, besides Ricky and his dumb mom had kept us more than busy, Bri working Ricky good, I had done up mommy, lots of ass fucking, heavy beatings, her nose was broke, several angry scars on her face, my fists meant business, but I was tired of her, her pussy ruined, we had stuffed everything up there at one time or another. Made the choice, sat piggy down, laid it out, if she did her job, played super homemaker, we would let her be, mostly, ease up on her, she could cook, baking us awesome deserts, the house was spotless, trade off, besides, She just lay there when we beat her, broken, no fun that, we wanted screamers. She thanked me, licked my feet, scampered off to clean something, make herself invisible. Her body getting sexier, she was only 32, a hard 32, but she had dropped her belly, her ass sweet, tits still huge, also made it easier to explain Ricky, she had survived our innitiation, good for her.


&nbsp; Ricky different story, Bri and I had developed a real hate for the pig, his constant whining, he always had a snot full nose, fuck him, we fucked him everyday,hard, trying to hurt him, automatic that we choke fucked him after, our slimy cocks balls deep down his face. Often we hung him from a tree, by his ankles, whipped him with bamboo canes, his sexy body striped head to toe, his yelps, screams, begs all adding to the eroticism of it all. The thing was we wanted to like him, have him enjoy his life with us, but no fuck way, he cried, called us names, he really called me a shithead, imagine that. Bri, mommy, and I crapped into a five gallon bucket, after securing the baby, we donned rubber gloves, smeared our shit all over the little pissants face and head, who the fuck was a shithead now, as we brutally whipped him with our canes.&nbsp; Had mommy fist fuck his ass, while me and Bri pissed his face reasonably clean, choke fucked him crazy. Call me names, I rather think not.


&nbsp; As the camping season ended, the lake empty, except for us, we even gave Ricky a well deserved break, let his ass heal, his body recover, his mind&nbsp; chill out, he was the best piece of ass ever,his crying was annoying as all get out but his fighting us added to the fun, wanted him alive for a long winter, he would keep us warm many nights. As Halloween approached decided to invite some like minded friends up for a weekend party, celebrate the dark side of the holiday, we were down with the devils. This couple I knew, were bringing their sixteen year old daughter and fourteen year old son, both well trained sex dolls, oh my. I also invited three single guys, all hardcore sadists, they promised a nice present for me, I love surprises, hoped it was fresh meat,mmmmm.



&nbsp;&nbsp; We worked on prettying up mom and son, Bri already perfect, how natural he looked, long blond locks, curls aplenty, his tits so him, belly tight, his sexy belly piercing was a silver replica of the male sex organ, what else, cock and balls so smooth, ass so built to take cock, a pussy for sure, his legs like those of a dancer, he needed no improvements, was grade A boy cunt. Carla looked way better than before, she was smiling again, looked good minus forty pounds, had given up on Ricky, even she sick of his constant complaining. We waxed her body, cruelly, of course, Bri did her hair stylish, makeup slut light, dressed her in a Fredericks maid outfit, her cunt and ass on display, her heels five inches, small padlocks ensuring the cunt didnt lose her new shoes, her tits wobbling nicely as she walked,.



&nbsp;&nbsp; Bri also came up with Rickys outfit, he found a plastic gag urinal online, with a face cutout, perfect for piss boy. Bri was a mean girl, also making the sobbing fag wear a pink, way to tight tutu, the crotch way up Rickys tiny, dreamy ass,&nbsp; his scarred cheeks showing, his little wee wee on display, on his feet he had hot pink crocs, his red toenails peeking out. Bri dyed the kids hair orange, pumkin orange,haha, he also stapled two signs to his tutu, one in front reading, PAIN PIG, the one in back, FUCK PIG, quite the costume, no? Rickys sexy boy face so nice with the makeup and lipstick silly over done, clownish, red cheeks, we put a gag pig nose on him, Bri forcing him to oink, telling him if he uttered any other sound during the party, we would drown him in the lake, mmmm.


&nbsp; We had enough food and booze, drugs, Viagra, pot, coke, Carla had outdone herself, lots of finger foods, had a huge breakfast planned, we gave her an energetic double fucking, working her tits rough, she loved it, cumming several times, telling us she loved us, needed us, licked our asses in thanks, we made her feed her fag son our pies, he hated that above all else, jesus, we would force feed him so much sperm his little tummy would burst,mmm. Christ we were all excited, maybe not Ricky, kneeling on the concrete patio, waiting his fate, taunting him, how we were all going to hurt him, even his mom chirped in, tellng him she hated him, reminded her of his fag old man, sweet, his tears making his makeup run messy, slob, pig boy, he was oinking to beat the band when I whipped him with the torn fanbelt, gotta love a little piggy.


 Joe, forty, rugged good looks, fat eight inches, dressed as a Prison guard, lots of handcuffs, pepper spray, a nasty Taser gun,mmmm. Mary, thirty eight, medium build, C cup, fuckable, more she was a ruthless sadist, kept her kids well disciplined, she was dressed in a black leather dom queen outfit, knee high boots, four inch heels, polished stainless steel tips, oh her boots were made for stomping. They were very socialble, loved Brian, both wanting to bed him, Bri partial to Joes fat meat stick, gave him a spirited sucking, swallowing Joes load, burping cutely, my baby boy. they both gave Ricky a pissing, he drank it all, oinking sweetly afterwards, they dug it, Mary finishing with a nasty steel toe to the toilets undersized balls, he puked up the piss, we all got busy, we stomped him bloody, knocked out from a savage fist to his face from Bri, we left him, sleeping in his puke, fag,



&nbsp; Time to meet the kids, Joe and Mary had them locked up in their trunk, Mary claiming the only way to travel with teens was to trunk them. Wanted some drama, they brought in Betsy, a fuck pig for sure. She was small, chubby, her tits, obvious cosmetic ones, had to be a DD, nipples at least an inch long, Joe telling me they injected them with colagen, her ass was big and bouncy, injections again, her cunt a sweet teen hole, her hair short red, she wore no clothes, Mary explaining she was being punished, no clothes for a year, I dug that, spare the rod, all that. I got busy on her, mauling her tits, spitting in her face, while Bri got his fingers up her ass, while paddling her basketball cheeks with a sandpaper covered ping pong paddle, her sobs, boo hoo, when we caned her tits and ass she had a&nbsp; reason to weep. Joe and Mary made the cunt do an over the top slut dance, she was shaking it, rubbing it, showing it, good little piggy. We tied her hands to a tree branch overhead, cunt waiting, whipped her some more, lots of canes to the cunt, just so she knew who was dealing the pain.



&nbsp; Bri and I both got excited at the appearance of Martin, his parents requesting we call him by his favorite name, Sally, haha, Mary calling him Sally the Skank, he wore a girls cheerleading outfit, just covered his ass and junk, he was tiny, maybe Rickys size, but there the comparison ended. Joe explained they knew some kinky surgeons who loved to perform over the top cosmetic surgeries. Sad Sally had C cup tits, nipples like his sister,really an inch long, they had given him a penectomy, they removed most of his cock shaft, his wee wee consisted of a tiny pink head when soft, when hard he was three quarters of an inch,looked like a girls clit, they had sewn his balls up into him,kidding they could still get at them for abuse as they lay right under his skin,He could cum, still had need for sexual release, they made him go months without draining his swollen balls, his pain, their amusemnet, the little head leaked always, Joe fed him Viagra everyday, good parenting. They joked that Sallys cock had been the same size as Joes, how proud he had been of it, now not so much, thats funny.&nbsp; His skin from his empty ball bag was now stretched down around his anus,sewn to his ass, swear it looked like cunt lips, he was a perfect boy fuck doll. Praised Joe and Mary for their willingness to go all out for their kids, their obvious pride in the sex pigs, any parents dream children.



&nbsp; Bad news good news, as my sadist pals were not going to make it till tomorrow afternnon, their assurances of my thrill at their gift for me lessening our bumming at their delay, besides, as Joe and Mary got after Ricky, Bri was all over Sally, and I had to have at Betsy, pure fuck meat, she was chewing gum, Joe laughing that she could barely read and write, they saw no reason to waste a seat at school on a cum dump, had never sent her to school, she had no SS number, never declared her on their taxes she was untraceable. She was stupid, I would slap her face, she would react seconds later, like her brain wasnt sure it was running things. She sucked cock like a champ, well trained, used her throat muscles to milk my cock, had no problem swallowing all nine inches, I pinched her nose closed, she didnt freak, looked at me with her sad,deep blue eyes, I hucked a gob of thick lung spit into them, let her breathe, used my cock to beat her face, trash her verbally, combined with my friends whipping Ricky with coiled up electrical cords, Bri raping Sallys cute boy cunt like a mad man, using his hands to punch the fags hidden jewels, lots of grunting, screaming, laughing going on, Carla serenely serving drinks, just another day at the compound. 


&nbsp; We had a huge dinner, everyone famished, Carla outdid herself, everything perfect, the marinara sauce perfect, home cooked bread so satisfying, we did right keeping her around, giggled, not so much her goofy son, who was eating Brians ass, his only dinner was our assholes, whatever the fag could get out of out colons, told him he wasnt eating again till tomorrow night, he was energetic, had his tongue way up my shit chute, so hot, so wet,mmm, forced a shit ball into his mouth, he took it, ate it, face all squished up nicely, oinked his thanks, a well fed slave indeed. Idiot looked so silly in his tutu, we took off his urinal, easier access to him, funny how everyone wanted to fuck with him, Joe telling me he would swap one of his kids for Ricky,what body modifications he would put the dolt through,hmm, it was there, wouldnt I enjoy having Betsy to abuse, lots of fun involved in that fuck pig body, promised to consider it, Bri whined about losing Rickys ass. I gave him a hard over the knee spanking, he needed reminding that, though I loved him, he was still just a slave, his tears sweet. Being the gracious host, I let Mary abuse Bris cock and balls, using her two inch nails to flay his cock head, while Joe rutted his ass hard, Bri came like a champ, his boy juice everywhere. We let him feed Joes load to Ricky,&nbsp; Brian getting nasty, he pushed out a fat, cumsoaked, six inch turd, right on Rickys sloppy face. There was no doubt Ricky was eating that loaf, his eyes pleading for mercy, finding only scorn, joy at his pain, Ricky was in it all by his sad little self, an island surrounded by angry seas .


&nbsp; He ate it, looked ill, fuck him, we put him in the dog cage, didnt want to waste him before tomorrow, really wanted Ricky to get a six man ass fucking, thought it would really rock him, that much man meat, maybe he would learn to love it, if not I would trade him for Betsy, would find Brian a new playmate, give us something to work at, new blood. We were all around the fireplace, Joe telling a ghost story, other than our sexy dress, or lack of, we were just an average&nbsp; party. As things progressed we got after Betsy, jesus she was fun to fuck, her cunt got so wet, her juice trickling down her meaty thighs,they had trained her to yelp like a poodle when she came, which by her barking was often. Her tits were hiliarious, hanging down to her chubby belly, almost impossible not to punch them, they shook like twin speed bags, her moans pain filled pleasure gasps,a true pain freak, nice. Brian gave her ass a nice rutting, calling her ugly, my mean girl, grabbing Betsys oversized nipples, using them as reigns to ride her plump ass, like a sexy transexual cowboy.


&nbsp; After Joe gave his daughter a mercy fuck, much yelping from his adoring child, quality dad time indeed,&nbsp; Mary used Betsys fat mouth for an intense orgasm, we sent her to help Carla, also to beg our maid to abuse her, let Carla have some fun, keep the dull cunt busy, all our eyes were on the sobbing, trying to disappear, sorry, fag, magic was not available to losers, he was the main event it seemed, glad we waited, wanted at him, wanted to hear him scream bloody blue murder, we circled him, he shrank, his little clit leaking obscene.&nbsp; He was defenseless, all of us throwing punches, kicks, lots of competition, he went down, we kicked his oversized melons black and blue, Joe and Mary seeing how far they could stretch Jrs nipples, Brian twisting his little cock head harshly, I drove my Viagra inspired nine up his ass, he was trained to bark in a low bass voice, comic sounding from his girly being. He was barking crazy as we pained him good, then Mary suggested we get serious, ooh, that sounded interesting.


&nbsp; We tied him on his back on the solid oak dining room table, crosswise, his head hung off one side, his feet tied to the ceiling beam, spread eagle, ass pussy wide open, tied down tight, let the pain train roll. Mary reached in to her bag of tricks, pulled out a small box, inside hundreds of sewing needles, we all teased the porcupine to be, gave him a pink belly, we let Carla and Betsy join in, six tormentors, their prey at their mercy, doesnt get any better than that, we passed the cheese tray, compared wines, while we turned the barking, whimpering, he wasnt allowed to cry, had to whimper like a puppy, into a bloody pin cushion, sweet. He had pins sticking out all over, Joe having us soak the tips in gasoline first, it seemed to burn the little baby, his whimperings pathetic, we stuck needles in his tongue,haha, he couldnt close his piehole, drool running into his eyes, Mary pinned his lids back, his orbs covered in baby drool, our spit, Mary tossed salt in his eyes, sweet, he screamed, begged, Marys anger, he spoke,the spoiled brat, I figured Sally was done for. Almost, we all took turns strangling him, not to death, he wasnt getting out that easy, but he was turning awesome shades of purple, passed out several times, his fear heavy, his eyes still blinded, deep redeye, his neck completely black and blue, we were heating the needles with blow torches, they would ignite from the gas, burn quick like a match, his misery all that mattered. 


&nbsp; We gave him a violent group bang, the girls using oversized strapons, hia anus gaping four inches open, we were all spitting in there, pissing, Joe took a crap down Jrs exposed colon, joking that he was full of shit now, stinky fucker,The girls used dildos to drive Joes shit deeper into the fags ass, making him lick the filthy toys, we guys started dipping our cocks in his still wide open shitter, Bri, Joe and I all fit comfortably in Sallys ruined shit canal, forcing him to clean the thick shit off our excited rods, while we slowly removed all the pins, his barks loud, lusty..Mary and Carla gave the creepy fag a soapy enema, cleaning him up, he was off to bed with Bri and Joe, a long night for the cum sponge.


&nbsp; Mary wanted Carla and Ricky for herself, off they went, mom and son crawling, Mary whipping them with my torn fan belt, only way to get a slaves attention, whipped with frayed wire and hard rubber, lots of open cuts, bruises. That left Betsy all for me, and I planned on making the most of it, her parents told me they were serious, I could have her for Ricky straight up, they planned on giving the under four foot tall, less than ninety pounds boy fag EE tits, a penectomy like Sallys, the doctors now could give Ricky a cunt, using his leftover ball bag skin, a few operations and the toy would have a wet, tight cunt, along with his adorable boy pussy, and he still would cum, out his tiny head, sweet..They also planned on shrinking his waist to a ridiculous size, crushing his toes, like the gooks, so he would have tiny, dainty feet, true boy cunt. I almost had to do the trade, their promise I would see the results in person, mmmm.


&nbsp; That night Betsy convinced me, grade A cunt, a butterball, always juicy, ready, she was addicted to my nine inches, took pain like a cunt should, her tits angry black and blue from my nasty assault, her tears my heroin, her ass so fat, made to be caned, her yelps intoxicating. It sounded like a fuck zoo in the house, Ricky oinking like an enraged sow as Mary and Carla had at him, Sally barking in bursts, followed by doggy howls, driven by Joe and Brians savage ass fucking, and Betsy was almost hoarse from her yelping, her body covered in sweat, my spit, her cunt was fat, but tight, she knew how to flex her cunt muscles, threw her twat at me, little yelps, pants, my bitch, milked my cock dry, then cleaned me, scooped my seed from her fat cunny, eating it all sloppy. Fell asleep with my cock lodged up her tight shit hole, hand holding her enormous tit meat, sated, for tonight, my smile at tomorrow being so much more violent than today, only way to ease off to dreamland.




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


&nbsp; To wake up to such a piggy girl,she sucked my well soiled cock clean, sucked my toes, love to have my feet worshipped first thing in the morn, took my morning brew from the source, no rolled eyes, no pouting, cunt could take a piss load, ate my sweaty ass, yelped when I farted in her mouth, knew her place,forgot how sweet a cuntpig could be,a real cunt, brain was jumping, with Ricky gone, no need to keep Carla, make Betsy my cunt, she was prime sixteen year old cunt, that was always gonna win the argument, sure Bri would be upset, tough shit, he would have to deal with it, I had always told him I dug cunt first, boy pussy second. I mean he was almost a girl, but a pussy is a pussy, and he had a shithole to fuck, it was beautiful, I still ate it often, his musky anus a treat for me, but he didnt have what Betsy Boop had, over the top skank appeal, hard to top that, made my choice before I even got out of bed, see ya little Ricky, you fucking cry baby, se ya Carla, big titted dimwit, go live under a bridge, troll.


&nbsp; She cleaned me in the shower, her sexy body looking fuckpig fine all lathered up, het tits were so over the top big, was all ready considering getting them reduced, she walked stooped, not that I cared, it was more that her tits got in the way,would have to think it over as I tried to twist her obscene long nipples off, her yelps sweet, her panting, tongue out, a real turn on, loved a panter. I decided piggy girl would stay naked, would have to earn clothes, was really going to work with this dullard, make her the best pain slave ever, the best household maid, her brain was certainly empty, up to me to fill it with the right stuff.

&nbsp; Decided to start trouble, snapping one of Bris favorite collars around her chunky neck, a one inch leather collar, two inch steel rings front and back, serious collar, gave it to Bri as a gift, knew he would get upset, see how it played out, had no real hunger for a specific outcome, figured I was down with it, either or, knew today would be historic, as I frenched my new personal slave, her soft yelps real cries of love, her inch nipples hard as rocks, her cunt aroma strong, juice running down her meaty thighs, in my head, the sudden image of Mary Lou Retton, Betsy was taller, but same face, same chunky, fuckpig body, her tits covering her tummy, her reduction had to happen, loved a girls soft, fat wrapped belly.



&nbsp; Brian took the bait, fishfucker, got off Joes lap fast, we all heard the cock plop out of his faggy bottom, everyone laughed, Bri shrieked, had a girl fit, actually stomped his feet, haha, realized his errors, went in to beg overkill. Joe and Mary beaming at the coming violence, Betsy being perfectly sober, it wasnt her place to comment on things, she knew her role, embraced it, really wanted to serve me, unlike this bratty baby crying tears of petulance, now making it worse with his slobbering on my toes, his snots on my feet, I kicked his face, hard, I was barefoot, but pissed, how he shamed me, his brat attack apalling to witness, how I had spoiled him, no more, he was going to be retrained, he had slipped a rung, Betsy was head and shoulders above him, I told him all this, Joe and Mary egging me on, smelling blood


&nbsp; He was still stunned from my kick, long time since I was cruel to him, realised Bri would always need supervision, had way to high an opinion of his fag self, he was beautiful, knew Joe was addicted to his tight boy cunt, but Bri needed to know he was highly replaceble, in the end, as I sternly lectured him, he was just another slab of boy cunt, dime a dozen, then we got busy. Spent the morning, after a stunning breakfast by Carla, working Bri brutally, the gloves were off, my boy needed some tough love,he fuck sure got it. Started by making hm eat Betsys cunt, while everyone else whipped his back bloody, he stopped eating, started babbling at me, he hated me, sweet, I dragged him by his hair to his feet, left hand had his hair, right went punch crazy, his face a revolting mess of blood and bruises, he lost a tooth, finally passed out, everyone on edge, this could be epic, my anger was huge, had Joe help me string the fag by his hands to a beam over head, his toes just touching the floor, his sexy body stretched out, ass jutting out, cock hard, fag was at least conditioned to be horny when punished. Mary started a roaring fire in the nearby fireplace, Betsy got Marys bag of tricks. her eyes sparkling, smile so sexy,mmmm, my sexy baby girl.


 Knew what I wanted, the taser gun, his beggings, our taunts, got him right in his tender belly, his body spasming so sexy, heard his shoulder pop, oh well, he hated me, Let Betsy tase his balls, the dart instantly swelling his sack comic, again his body twisted erotically by his hands,mmmm. We got after him with the canes, a striping party to be proud of, made him say over and over that he wanted to be the worlds toilet, my anger cooled, me relationship over with this brat, I would turn him into a toilet, 24/7, that or I would drown the fuck, the bridge burnt, he could of said he was sorry at any time, would of brutalised him, but still loved him, gut he really didnt love me, so fuck him. Let Mary work his cock, sticking a six inck by quarter inch glass rod down the fags piss tube, that she had coated it in Vicks first got piggy boy to howling, shaking, a real comedy show, everyone giggling at his sad state, he was gyrating his hips, like a horny boy, trying to get the burning rod from his cock, it worked itself out, Mary recoated it in Vicks, slammed it home,


&nbsp; I guess I still loved the baby, as I released him, led him to my bedroom, gave him an over the knee spanking, while I explained his errors, my hurt at his ugly words, had to give him credit, when I finished punishing him, he got on his knees, his sad, tear stained, bruised face looking so scared, said he was sorry, would rather die than live without me, see, kids will surprise you, I gave him a good mouth tonguing, his missing tooth left a warm bloody hole to explore, mmmm. When he peed in the bath, he cried from the burning, I held him, showered him after, put him to bed, with a shot of demoral, sleep my baby boy, I did love him, wouldnt discard for one weak moment, had&nbsp; a chuckle that I set the whole thing up, kind of wanted Bri to attack Betsy, oh well, it was fun, and got Bri a high energy pain session, that always was good for a teen cunt, a traditionally pouty bunch.




&nbsp; Waiting is the hardest part, everyone was showered, Mary in her Dom leathers, Joe dressed the same, his cock and balls on display, he planned on getting some, we all planned on getting lots. Bri was still subdued from his earlier beating, and nap, he was so sexy in his hot red silk negligee, didnt cover his ass and cock,mmm, the four inch heels thrusting out his over the top butt, his tits so real, were perfect on him, just a trace of Obsession, gave him a sloppy kiss, whispered that I loved him, he came, he really came, all over my leg, my sweety, how you gonna argue with that level of devotion. He licked it up, kissed my boots, I was in my engineer boots, steel toed, thats it, loved to be naked, had the body for it, even enjoyed chilly November nights raw. Carla was dressed maid again, Joe diddling her fat cunt, spitting down her open pie hole, knew her place, Betsy was cooking, wanted to see her talents as a homemaker, Mary bragging on the cunts cooking skills, me joking they just wanted Ricky, Joe offering Sally in the deal, told them would take the original deal, didnt cotton to Sally, blah, teased Bri that he still did it for me, his obvious teenage lust for me, gave him a test, go help Betsy, would see if he got it or not. Speaking of Sally he was seving as a foot rest for his mom, just waiting to be hurt,mmm.

 Then there was Ricky, he was kneeling, naked, hands on his head, mouth open, tiny wee wee all excited, Carla hed fed him plenty of Viagra, sexy boy, everyone knew he was the star, brought out the blood lust in all, he was covered in spit, sobbing, feeling bad for his sorry self, hoped he made it through the day, any case I was not giving Betsy back, shook with Joe on that shit, went to see how my slaves were coexisting. I silently watched them,Betsy could cook, she was showing Bri how to devein shrimp, he was all ears, they seemed to get along, she gently massaged his sore shoulder, we really banged him up, fuck him. Relief, that they were getting along, winter would be here soon, two warm teen bodies, that seemed the way to beat the winter blues, but wouldnt put up with teen drama, fuck that shit.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The guys called , werent sure where to turn, told them, they would be here in ten minutes, everyone perking up, Carla and Betsy laying a buffet out, fit for Kings and Queens. The tension alive, Mary kidding her son, Sally, they were gonna fuck him up good, Joe adding now that Ricky was his son, what the fuck did he need an ugly cunt like Sally around, his tears nice, he was on borrowed time, took that as fact. Bri was by my side, my hand resting on his soft ass, loved him in silk,mmmm, glad we were lovers again, only one Bri after all. The truck pulling down our secluded driveway got us all juiced, here comes fun.

&nbsp; 









In The Hole
 Chapter 3
 by roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WARNING:
&nbsp; This story, and all my stories, contains all kinds of nasty stuff, underage, snuff, torture, scat, gay, violence for no apparent reason, if this offends your tender sensibilities go elsewhere, pretend to be an adult, move on............rocco

&nbsp; 





We were quite the greeting party, I was naked except my engineer boots, Bri in his sexy red nightie, boy cock on display, ass cheeks showing off, tits filling out the silk so sexy, my darling. Betsy was naked, always naked, her tits, every time I saw them, had to laugh, the way they forced her to walk bent over, the way her nipples were only inches from her twat, what a pig, silly I know, now that I adored sexy Brian again, my need to abuse Betsy was red hot, some point I would love to watch Bri get after her rough, that had legs. Mary and Joe were in their leathers, the horniness evident in their glassy eyes, Joes throbbing wood, Marys glistening cunt lips, they knew there would be blood. 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Carla was waiting to be told what to do, dressed maid piggy, I had already dismissed her, she bored me, except as a victim, figure she was most expendable, she served no purpose, Mary and Joe wanted kids, my three buds, who were minutes away, wouldn't want a used up skank, except to torture, her fate sealed, felt no remorse, she was trash, very throwawayable, as it were. Sally was on his knees, tits looking silly all bruised up, his ass an angry rainbow of colors from his many beatings, his face so sad, he knew, we all knew, now that his parents had a new boy toy, Sally was vulnerable, very much so, he would be fifteen soon, old for a boy toy, knew I was gonna push for something extreme for Sally, I disliked him, more important, Bri was bored by him, again, I was back in lust with my baby boy, his feelings mattered, as I massaged his to die for bottom, little kisses for my lover, his giggles, he was so excited, but he contained himself, our earlier torture session seemed to have got his attention regarding his tendency to act all bratty when overexcited, his dripping cock, flushed cheeks, rock hard nipples were enough, I got it, my baby wanted to hurt someone, mm mm.&nbsp; 


&nbsp;&nbsp; The only downside to all this, Mary and Joe had caged Ricky, smart enough to save him, knew he would get used hard, he made you want to hurt him, I often would just need to punch the little whiner, his mere being around made everyone edgy. Of course we all beat him silly before they caged him, felt so good pummelling him, his oinks, whimpers getting everyone happy, We would hurt Sally good, but no one despised him, there was deep hatred for Ricky, his fault, boy was impossible, he started talking while we beat him, how we were mean to him, you think faggy, Mary wanted his tongue out, Joes caution, wanted to think Rickys future out, my man, he had a vision of little Ricky, huge tits, fat ass, blowjob lips, a working cunt, semen dribbling cunt, Joe had great vision. Once the ugly fag was caged, we forgot about him, Sally and Betsy were enough, besides what my violent pals brought, as we heard the truck pull up outside, we all tried not to run, except Sally, who knew this was going to be bad for him, Betsy, I suspect was looking forward to being abused, dumb cunt.


&nbsp; They looked like three thugs sent over from central casting, ugly, mean, muscles, tatts, atitude, they also had between twenty five inches of cock, went either way, as long as pain was involved. Jason, the blond hardcore, explained they had the surprise in their truck, but first they wanted to meet everyone, society was polite, indeed. The guys got all gropey with Mary, she loved their rough pawing, sloppy kisses, Joe glad to meet guys who would get after Sally, seems Joe didnt want to have to feed two sons, already pleading his case, how happy Sally would make these guys if they took him, Mark, was a straight shooter, suggested snuffing Sally, that he threw that out feet from the terrified Sally, sweet, the big titted teen pissed down his sexy leg. Mary was frenching Mark crazy, Joe taunting his son to tears, his last day on earth, Joe dancing a jig, really dancing, needless to say, he hated his son.


&nbsp; The boys dug Betsy, knew what she was for, as Sean, built like a line backer, rammed his knee into her snatch, down went big tits, they stomped her good, giving her knockers a good heeling. Sean yanked the startled pig up by her hair, ordered her to get them beers, she was gone,yelping away, they knew how to treat a serving cunt, that would be Betsys life, till we tired of her, speaking of, the guys wanted at Bri, no way, they got it, he was mine, all mine, not that I didnt share, he would fuck them later, but no one hurt my baby but me. We had pain to dole out, they were ready, lusting after Ricky in the cage, they would kill him, his white faced fear sweet, he was peeing in his cage,farting like a piggy boy, all from fear, ha ha.
 
 Their eyes on Sally, everyones eyes on the fag cunt, he trembled, barked, peed some more, what the fuck, it was catchy, whimpered like the dog he was, could feel the rage at him, we would savage him, but I wanted a warm up act, wanted Carla gone, fuck her, she had been lulled into thinking she was safe, Mary playing her along,pretending to be chummy, we all knew she was on the to be done list, well, it was time, maybe little Ricky could send his bad mommy to hell, wouldn't that be great drama.


&nbsp; When Carla went to get the boys some food, I let everyone know, we would work Carla, let Ricky off her, great start, then we would slowly torture Sally to death, take our time, work him right, all our hate for Sally boy. Brian's boner was dripping crazy, his nipples bursting, his love serenade to me sweet, in my ear, only for me, my baby boy forever.

&nbsp; She sensed it, dropped the food, turned to run, where I don't know, but she didn't get far, Joe tripped her, we were all around her, lots of steel toes, everyone teasing her, spit covering her, Bri telling her he was going to cut her tits off, mmm, that we would be fun to watch. We got the sobbing pig up, had her arms swinging from a tree, two feet off the ground, out came the toys, Mary cramming fat, Vicks coated dildos up the slags cunt and ass, Sean duck taping it all in place, how she screamed at the pain, begged, no, no fucking way, we were all there, bloodlusted, my cock felt like it would burst I was so turned on, Bris heat getting me even more enraged, using all my power to cane her tits with the bamboo, how sexy they looked, scrunching up on the canes impact, the ugly red lines left behind. Bri used his cane to ruin her calfs and thighs, turning them into bright red, bloody, misshapen limbs. The others whipped her all over, Joe and Mark lifted her legs up, They whipped her soles with the fan belt till they were bloody piles of flesh, no skin left at all, lucky for her, giggled Mary, the cunt wasn't walking any where, ever, thats true.


 We used her as a punching bag, everyone getting in some great shots, her ribs were black and blue, her cunt a swollen, bloody, mess, lots of fist bombs landed there, her stomach bright red, her tits showing signs of extreme abuse, her nipples both torn, from Bris sexy sharp red hot nails, mmm, my sexy thug baby, doling out the pain, using his killer nails to fray the flesh on her brutalized gams,mmm, we uglied her good. We did her face proper, how exciting, watching fists smash her face, she couldnt hide, helpless she took her face busting, I spelled it out for her, she lived ugly, would die ugly, drove my boot into her cunt, she puked blood, sweet, Bri tongued me, sweeter. We broke her face, all her teeth busted, her nose a silly, crooked blob of angry black, her eyes swollen shut, ugly pig eyes, she was busted good.


&nbsp; The guys gave Brianna the portable Sawsall, the six inch blade was a ripped tooth affair, mmm, Bri got after them tits, no hesitation, he wanted those tits. The blade slicing through the meat like a knife through melted butter, Carla screaming, how she babbled, Joe tasering her busted face,right into her raw cheek,her head vibrated for a few seconds, her eyes appeared to be cross eyed, haha, when Bri had the over sized breasts off, Joe telling him not to miss any of the meat. We gave the hacked off breasts, still looking so sexy, to Betsy, she would grill them for us, coated in olive oil, a little garlic salt, grilled Carla tit meat, mmmm. We used propane torches to stem the blood flow from her missing tits, ugly, ugly she was, begging us to kill her, not yet piggy, Mary bringing Ricky to his mom, the guys groping the litle fuck toy, couldn't blame them, he was so fuckable, a perfect slab of boy cunt, born to be used. Of course he cried, a fucking cry&nbsp; baby, Bri slapped his face hard, told him to grow up, my baby boy didn't cotton to whiners.


We cut Ms Ugly down, she lay on the ground sobbing, pain wracked, Bri teasing her, burning her bloody soles with a torch, funny boy, she would move her legs to avoid him, someone would stomp her burnt tit cavities, her screeching so perfect, real pain for piggy. I gave Ricky the machete, looked so huge in his tiny hand, wanted him to chop mommy up good, if he didn't we would feed him to the bears, we would, he damn sure knew this, Ricky chose life, hacking mommy silly, took him forever to finish her, lots of hacks, her arms looked like pork links, he split her ugly head, got the blade stuck in her thick skull, we gave her a group pissing, Sean stomped her head down, the blade was out, Ricky finished her, neck shot, her head half off, blood spurting like a geyser, Bri and Joe twisting it off, Joe punting it across the yard, Carla no more, we burnt her remains, forgot all about the ugly pig, we all needed sexual relieve.



&nbsp; We gangbanged Ricky legless, Six, large, sadistic guys tagged him hard, how we all drove extra hard, wanted to pain the crybaby, let Bri go first, the guys all lusting for his perfect boy cunt, his ass so fine as it slammed into the oinking boys cunt, my pride for my beauty queen, Betsy and Mary used over sized strapons to rip Ricky up when we were done, first draining all the cum from his worn out cunt, he ate it all, shit lumps included, got a spirited group choke fuck, all of us resting our balls on his sexy boy chin, spitting into his sad eyes, in the cage he went, truly, for his own good, Mark wanting to cook the tender baby over a fire, claimed young boy was the best meat of all.


&nbsp; Speaking of meat, Betsys serving the breast meat, skin on, nipples still topping the tenderly cooked, juices running, mounds of meat, piggy Betsy could cook. Perfect, Carla was good eating, we even allowed Ricky a hunk of moms tit meat, christ, he oinked his appreciation, a little parting gift from mama to baby boy, we were all about the sentiments, she had enough meat in her whoppers to feed an Irish catholic family. Mark decided it was time to give me my present, I loved presents, Bri by my side, telling me he hoped I got what I wanted, my whispers he was what I wanted, my boy swooned, giggled, told me he adored me, thats all I needed, babys love.


&nbsp; Oh, Oh, Oh, I was speechless, Bri was drooling, everyone else physically moving forward, like they were being pulled, wow, what a sight. He was beautiful, Sean told me, twelve, virgin, they got him in Arizona, an illegal mex, no one was looking for him, he was sexy, dark, wavy, shoulder length hair, big dark brown eyes, flawless light brown skin, tiny body, skinny, sexy, small, round butt, little cock and balls, no hair, lttle fresh piece of boy cunt, I was in lust, holding Bris hand, wouldn't we have fun. Jason explained he was all mine, they owed me for past favors, I took the cowering boy, he looked so tiny around all us lunatics, up to the bedroom, cuffed him to wall irons, he could stand, thats it, face the wall, got a few hard gropes in, finger up his tight pussy, it was tighter than an angry clam, got my tongue into his sexy mouth, bad breath, fear. I tasted his fear, baby should be scared, we would get after him nicely, loved a good gift,mmmm.



 On my return the fuck over Sally party had started, they were whipping him with electrical cords, he was dancing, bleeding, huge tits flopping, tiny penis looking so clittish, ass bouncy, all our eyes watching it with evil intent, he got his buggering, aint Viagra great, we choked fucked him till he passed out, repeatedly. Strung him from a beam, used a surge protector, we had six live wires poking him, zapping him, his tongue swelling, his hair burning, body jumping like a cartoon, Bri getting his little clit sweetly, it burned, swelled, blistered, mmm, fresh cooked clit. Little fag passed out, we could wait, got after Betsy, lot of tit abuse, Mark leading the pig around, his arm up her ass, to the elbow, she was talking like Ms Piggy, cute. Mary making her eat her ass, the guys loved mom giving it to her pig daughter, little treat while we waited for Sally to wake from his beauty nap.



&nbsp; We got Sally tightly restrained, standing, arms and legs very spread eagled, he was wide open, his heavy C tits thrust out, sexy boy ass just begging abuse, he was crying, dummy knew the score, this was it for Sally the skank, showtime. Seemed everyone smoked, except me and Bri, we would need to fumigate the house when this party ended, they were all using their redhot smokes to burn the clown, his whimpers cute, Sean, Mark, and Jason were burning their names in his flesh, a series of angry red, black tinged circles, Sean on his sexy tummy, Mark on his right ass cheek, Jason across his tiny girl back, two inch letters, hundreds of angry burn holes, he was getting uglied up right, the smell of burnt flesh intoxicating, felt a Sally barbeque coming on. Joe had the fags ass cheeks spread, Mary going around his loose rectum,the burns looked like a welding bead, a solid circle of pain, when Joe started raping his ass, the screams stunning, Joes fat cock rubbing the open burns hard, we all drove his ass, none of us were really into it, except that it caused him such pain, blood, shit, cum dripping, piggy boy, Mary and Bri scooping the mess up, stuffing it down the losers throat, he was in a state.


&nbsp; Betsy had made lasagna for dinner, fresh baked bread, plenty of red wine, we were all starving, Betsy pouring our wine, suffering at our hands, lots of nipple twisting, cunt lip yanking, ass spanking, the boys ramming empty beer bottles up her cunt and ass, she clinked when she walked. We ate right in front of Sally, he stared at our huge meal, he hadn't eaten in days, fuck him, he would never eat again, unless it was our shit. Same for Ricky, in his cage, behind us, Bri time to time, waving forkfuls of thick food in front of his cage, sexy little boy tried to get his tongue through the thick wired side, he really was hungry, not my problem, he belonged to Mary and Joe, let them feed the useless bastard, did nothing but sob, he would go on for hours sobbing, annoying as all get out.

&nbsp; Our conversation was geared around our wild life styles, I mean we were all naked, some had blood on them, Bri, still in his nightie, I loved him silky, he loved me, his perfume sneaking in under the pasta, little waves of his love, my hand resting on his naked thigh, his body so soft, smooth, he was making his body all girl, my girl. Joe got me interested, his telling of the club he and Mary belonged to, Sean, Mark, and Jason had heard rumors of it, chat room gossip, sounded like heaven. He explained, it was all word of mouth, no records, calls, the parties held on a farm in Vermont, membership closed except by board member nomination, of course, Mary and Joe were on the board, would submit all of our names, they were looking for new folks, needed more studs to abuse the kids. There were thirty couples in the club, average of three kids each, all under eighteen, worked out to be about ninety toys to abuse. The only time all the kids were present at one time was a week in September, the kids picked apples, corn, all the crops, by day, got abused nasty all night, a hell week if you will. Then there was a week in January, the parents could ski, hunt, the kids suffering a week of constant trauma, a great holiday for the family. The past few years, Joe went on, July 4th had become a long weekend party, everyone showed this year, it was quite the party, his chuckling they had stuck a large quantity of fireworks up a chosen victim, boom, the way the kid exploded, everyone covered in splattered teen, thats a celebration.


&nbsp; Bri and I were stoked at the thought of experiencing that type of wildness, when Mary said kids were bought, sold, and traded all the time, we were dripping dick juice, knew we would always have toys to play with. Dinner over, we returned to Sally, after giving Ricky a piss shower, Mary barfing her lasagna all over her baby, she overate for sure, we dragged his cage outside, stinky wasn't sleeping in my house, if he wanted to rut in piss and puke, good luck to him. Without a word being said, we all new it was time to get serious with Sally, Joe asking if anyone wanted to keep the skank, The guys hemming and hawing, shit, they decided they could bring him to a biker party they were attending next week, wouldn't a room full of bikers get after Sally good, Joes relieve, sternly reminded them there was a strict no return policy, everyone loved that, we gave Sally a serious beating, his whole body bruised, cut, burnt, he was a mess, sobbing silly, I had to do it, shit in his mouth, he opened wide on command, made my large log go all bye bye, my piss blinding his ugly eyes, I was done with this dullard. Took Bris hand, told the others keep it down, we were going to a have a mexican snack, they snickered, Bri panted.



Going up those stairs, it was as if we were in another world, our world, even though the room opened over the large downstairs great room, it was private, the bed back from the rail, the bath private, our space. We showered long, much stroking, kissing, always tenderly kissed his scars, on his face from my recent beating, he told me he looked at them every morning, used them to motivate him, never to let me down, mmm, lesson learned. How good his mouth tasted, could kiss him forever, our eyes smiling at each other, our hands rubbing the others body, just us. We were ready to enjoy my gift, both giddy, naked, cocks throbbing, here little taco boy, here comes evil. 










In The Hole
Chapter 4
by roccodadom44
roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



WARNING
this story contains underaged sex, snuff, gay,scat, and just about any other kink, if this turns you off, please be an adult, go elsewhere....rocco 




&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm sure we looked like animals to the cowering boy, our cocks twitching, smiles of lunatics, I was fucking drooling, ogling the tiny, brown skinned pussy cuffed before us, mm mm, his ass was built to pound, as his body twisted, no where to go cunt, we owned him. Spent time groping him silly, his nipples puffy, we twisted them good, his belly so soft, Bri using his fist to pound him hard, I had a finger up his butt, so tight, waving it around, his pleas in Mex, no comprendo homo, took my finger out, shit stained, Bri and I sniffing it, very heady, stuck my finger in the fags mouth, he bit me, hard, I punched his face harder, two teeth dropped out, don't bite me cunt.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Bri ramming his sexy knee into the boys balls, he was hanging by his wrists, his legs wobbly, Bri had swelled those little brown balls good. We uncuffed him, dragged him to the bed, time for a Mexican boy cunt buffet, help yourself, Bri started ramming his fat cock down baby browns busted mouth, I was eating his tasty asshole, so tight, so soft, lots of shit residue, poopy boy, his balls tasted good, he was a good tasting boy, Bris giggles, we had to cook him, yeah, but we would enjoy him first, lot of fun to be had with this sexy fuck toy.

&nbsp; My love for Brian so deep, I let him go first, just like with Ricky, calling him my little cherry picker, he loved it, his cock so excited, gave it a wet kissing, tongued his sexy fuck hole, told him to do the Mexican cunt good, he was a whirling demon, drilling the fuck senseless, how the fag screamed, babbled in spic, who cared what he said, he was a doll, that's all. Brian rutted the whiner hard, but he was quick, telling me it felt so good, he was so tight, I would see about that.

&nbsp; His little hole was gaping, Brian's cherry cream pie dripping, my cock looking absurd against his tiny cheeks, Bri peeling them back, wanting me to go all nine first thrust, he screamed till he lost his voice, I split him open, his anus torn, blood running, I got busy, raping him, breaking him, he would be a warm, silent boy cunt when we finished with him, something to use on cold winter nights, like a spare blanket.


&nbsp; My rutting endless, power fucking his ruined shitter, his tears running, body trembling, Bri yanking is adorable nipples crazy, covering the tacos face in spit, we worked him nice, his ass a joy to spank, his tiny cock fun to hurt, Bris long nails bloodied the little penis, I battered his swollen balls till he pissed himself, Bri swallowing lots of it, swapping it with me, mm mm, warm, tasty boy wine, couldn't be beat, but the fag could, and we did.

&nbsp; My cum big, swore it was possible to cum to hard, as I was dizzy, laying on our Mex fag, panting crazy, Bris words of love, sweet in my ear, the fuck dolls gentle sobs music to our ears, he was broken, defeated, no hope, mm mm. We got all our bloody cum from his gaping shit hole, fed it to him, he ate it, good, we could just love him the rest of the night.

 We bathed him, the water turning red from his split rectum, we pissed him all over, he seemed resigned to it, opened his mouth, Bris sign language working, we filled his little belly with our urine, he served a purpose. We made him up, lots of makeup, lipstick, perfume, lights low, scented candles burning, the smoke from the party down stairs making us ill, we played our baby slow and sensual, lots of massages, warm oil rubbed into his tender, sexy brown skin, tender kisses, he was relaxing, his anus on view, still a little blood, Bri licked it up, but it looked tight, ready for more cock.

&nbsp; We had him smoke weed with us, made him swallow the Percocet and Viagra, sip the glass of wine, we would mellow him, then show him how much fun it was to be a boy/girl, Bri was falling in love with him, wanted him for a little sister, that would work. Two sexy boy cunts, I would be up for that, also it pleased me that Bri wasn't jealous, he finally got it, I would always want Bri, even as he aged I would want him in my life, his getting that sure made it all easier.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Tickled him till he peed again, this time I drank it, he had good tasting urine, some boys didn't, he did, then passed some to Bri, we burped together, the taco smiled, we both frenched him, he responded, his dark, little cock grew to three inches, good for him, he was saving his life, really saving it, as I made the call, he would happy up our coming dreary winter, we could always find a victim, happy, willing boy cunts a lot harded to come by, pun intended. Besides as I told Brian, we could always trade him at the farm, the winters party only three months away, something to think about.

&nbsp; The yelps and barks from downstairs were loud and often, as the others got after Sally and Betsy, we watched over the rail for awhile, living porn, Bri and I rock hard, the taco was snoring away on the bed, we would wake him soon, both of us horny for more young boy cunt. Mary and Joe were using a live electrical cord to torment Sally, how sexy his tits looked flopping around, his body trashed, head to toe cuts, bruises, stripes, burns, we had used the fuck up. Jason, Mark, and Sean were airtighting Betsy, she was yelping with joy as they rutted her hard, lots of grunting going on, her tits getting massed groped, Bri and I swapping spit, stroking each others throbbing cocks, complimented him, his cock was growing, had to be eight inches, fattening up, almost as mine, called him my son he dived to his knees, buried his tongue in my shitter, boy knew how to show his love.

 I knew we should let the boy sleep, but his ass was so sexy, he was sleeping on his side, curled up, his butt pointing at us, we could see his cunt hole, some dried blood, otherwise it looked good to go, we did. I went balls deep, he woke with a scream, his eyes bugging, body shaking, as I power rutted him, all my energy battering his tiny rectum, my cock looking even bigger against his small bum, Bri was working the fags cock, it was hard, drippy, the Viagra working, he would learn to associate pain and pleasure, we were building a fuck doll. I didn't last long, my cum sweet, cock dirty, he was a bleeder, his not wanting to clean me, over my knee he went, a savage ass whooping, Bri passing me a paddle, wrapped in coarse sandpaper, of course, I bloodied him good, Bri taking over when I tired, this illegal cunt would obey us, that he would learn right quick.

 His tears sexy, the way his little body was wracked with sobs, he was standing holding his on fire cheeks, feet shuffling, little brown cock all hard and excited, he liked to be beaten, I guess. Bris turn to rut the baby, he took him doggy style, at one point Bri was squatting, so he could drive up the ripped cunt deeper, his giggles, he could feel my hot seed squshing around, he wanted to add to that mess, his balls churning, as I stroked his sexy ass, loved to watch it flex on his thrusts,mm mm, no one had a sexy tush than my lover. I could spend forever watching my baby rut a fag, Brian was so sexy when he was cocking some young boy cunt, his joy obvious, his meanness on display, lots of cruel words, ass slaps, spit,mm mm, baby knew how to treat boy pussy.

 We slept with the boy between us, lots of cock jabbing, pinches, gropes, fuck him, we were tired, we slept. Funny, I woke in the night, didn't smell the familiar aroma of Bri, he always wore Obsession for me, instead I smelled the dirty Mex, he smelled rotten, yuck, I roughly threw him on the hard, cold floor, his cries, Bri woke, giggled when he realized I deep sixed taco boy. I told him to chain the fag to the wall, he was back in bed quick, his sexy caboose against my cock, his warmth relaxing me, his smell soothing, I told him of my love for him, his soft purring, the way his ass globes rubbed against me, letting me know who owned his cunt, my baby. My hard meat went up his cunt with a lovers familiarity, he was still tight, wet, warm, perfect boy cunt, his tits right sized for holding onto as my passion soared, violent cock thrusts, his sweet pantings, grunts, words of love, Bri adored getting rutted by me.


&nbsp; To wake with my boy, our bodies welded together, so nice, my kisses covering his warm naked skin, his love sighs, giggles, the way his fat cock twitched in my hand, his cockhead leaky, his bum rubbing me, luring me, begging me, I was balls deep, one thrust, his moan sexy, his cheeks clinching, locking me in heaven, my arms circling his body, my mouth tasting his sexy skin, we made love the way every in love couple should, completely, merging our bodies, connected by much more than my nine inches up his rectum, we were forever, came to me bright as day, I would marry Brian, he would turn eighteen in January, so cute how he worried that I wouldn't want him after that magic number, would be fun making him my wife, I still owned a house on the Cape, in Massachusetts, would declare it my adress, marry Bri, give him a real gift of security, felt good knowing our love was that deep. Wanted to wait to the others were gone, would propse to my baby, I had a fake ring, let him pick his own later, let him have his prewedding bliss.

&nbsp; That my baby was sucking my soiled cock, more like making love to it, only made me more sure, this boy was special. We didn't even bother with the dirty illegal, both of us high on love, and the fatty we shared in bed, nice to get blown away before even getting out of bed, made everything mellow, relaxed. We gave each other golden showers, much giggles, swallows, piss swaps, kissed mad while we were both lathered in suds, he looked so feminine, his cheeks pink, lips so edible red, his skin so soft, his nipples poking through the soap, my girl, my fiance. Gave his forehead a tender kiss after toweling him off, we decided naked was the dress of the day, we wore our matching alligator skin cowboy boots, dyed blood red, what else, Bri applied a trace of Obsession, let me have a whiff of his breast and neck, oh, my baby had allure.

 The little darkie had pissed the floor, asshole, we gave him a brutal stomping, he hanging by his skinny arms, legs rubber, toes busted, he pissed some more, double asshole, I cut him down, dragged the fag by his hair, Bri taunting him good, the little cry baby crashed down the stairs behind me, boom, boom, boom, when I reached the main room, everyone was up, having coffee, smoking, watching Betsy and Sally fist fuck each others asses, I tossed the whiner on the floor at their feet, their looks of lust enough, told them the slag wasn't house broken, if anyone wanted at him, now was the time, as he was spending the day outside, freezing temps be damned, little fucker wouldn't sullie our love nest, dirty Mexican cunt.


 They all fairly leaped at the terrified boy, he was lost in a sea of adult lust, the guys vying for his cunt, Mary attacking his nipples, using her lighter to fry the little berries, his screams sweet, high pitched yodels of indignation, silly boy, this was the warm up, strange, but I wanted the ugly fag gone, my desire to be alone with Brianna was stunning, even now, as the others abused the taco nasty, he was on my lap, we were sharing a hot tea, he feeding me bits of a bagel, both rock hard, I mean, our sadistic friends were doing the toy right, as impossible as it seemed, Mark, Jason, Sean, and Joe all had their over sized cocks in the in shock fag, two in his comically stretched piehole, and two ripping his anus up, blood flowing nice, the guys loving the warm wetness of it on their plunging weapons. Mary was tormenting the sobbing kids balls, burning them, then rubbing alcohol on them, the way he squirmed thrilled them all, their cum drenching him, he lay on the floor, panting, bleeding, a messy fuck doll.

 Had Mary and Bri stick the Vicks coated rod up his little weenie, Bri duct taping it in place, giggling that he wanted the ugly fag to suffer, mm mm, Mary lodged the coated, oversized plug up the tacos destroyed anus, laughing she could park a full sized sedan up there. He danced in pain, we whipped him with coiled up ropes, spitting on him, telling the Mexican jumping bean to dance right outside, his fear, pleas in spic, fuck off, I dragged him to the nearest tree, chained him, pissed on him, left him, naked, bloody, covered in spit, piss, man juice, freezing in the thirty five degree temps, wind chill in the twenties, suffer fag.


&nbsp; Betsy and Sally, he was a mess of cuts, burns, and bruises, served us a huge breakfast, everyone mellow, a little sadness, the party over, our guests leaving soon, Joe already had caged Ricky in his truck, telling us we would see the new improved fuck doll at the Farms winter party in January. The boys gave Sally another beating, lots of fist bombs raining down on that sad sack, before they stowed him, hogtied, in their trunk, we would never see Sally again, we didn't even pretend to care, he was boring, cardinal sin for boy cunt, though my Bri got in a sweet ball stomp as they dragged the barking fool out the door.


 I let the guys rut Betsy again, always a fun time, her parents getting in their last shots, lots of boots to her engineered tits, told them we would bring her to the winter party, sure we would be bored with her by then, Marys giggle, they could sacrifice her, Betsy would make good meat for the closing barbeque, me and Bri wanted to visit this farm so bad, Joe promising to look into getting us an earlier invite, suggesting the taco would be a good bargaining chip, my assurances that he was expendable, holding Bris hand, told Joe they could have the Mex if we could attend sooner, our lust deep, his confidence that we would&nbsp; be hearing soon, laughed that we should probably bring the taco in, shit, he was half frozen, though we all enjoyed how shruken his wee wee was, his cock had crawled inside himself, fag, we tied him in front of the fire, let him thaw out, as we said our goodbyes, lots of hugs, kisses, meet agains. Joes sudden plea, to take the taco now, he would get him done up like Ricky, me and Bri thrilled, wanted the smelly illegal gone, he was always going to be filthy, it also enhanced our chances of an invite from the Farm.

 We kissed deep, hugged, then we opened every window in the house, we even helped Betsy clean, we fumigated the place, I mean it was our home, me and Bri were neat freaks, liked our place proper, the cigarette smell nasty, nasty, cum, piss, and blood stains all over. Laid it out for Betsy, keep us happy, she lived well, she would&nbsp; be responsible for running the house, keeping it clean, serving as our pain toy now and them, our cum dump on occassion, her yelps of gratitude satisfying to us, nice to have a beast of burden around, freed us to enjoy life, as she slobberred our boots, Bris look of contempt for her sweet, to think I almost switched them, no, Bri was my girl, that was settled for ever.


&nbsp;&nbsp; I took my baby upstairs, lights low, music soft, as he sat on my lap, my cock between his thighs resting on his cock, I proposed, his shouts joyous, wondrous, baby wanted to be my wife, my legal wife, saying my last name over and over, his telling me, all serious, that he only wanted the cheap plastic ring I slipped on his finger, made my heart flutter, knew I would buy him the largest diamond I could find, baby deserved the best.

 We made love, slow, clingy, lots of wet kisses, both of us asleep after we emptied our over worked balls, two guys sated, asleep. Never slept better, there was a certain joy in the air, I felt as if I really had found my special someone, that is a freeing feeling, someone to enjoy life with, Bri and I were together always, the only person who didn't get on my nerves, he didn't bore me, rather, he made everything a little more fun, like he was HDTV, as opposed to bland old television. Our nap was much needed, how sexy his soft girl body as he stretched, yawned, my little fuck kitten, our shower perfect, our tongues playing tag, his body against mine, our mutual need to touch each other, our addiction to each other total, his still disbelieve that he would be my wife, my reassurances nice, told him we would marry day he turned eighteen, January twentieth, was taking him to the Keys for a month long honeymoon, his tears, the way he just lay in my arms, purring, his need to kiss my body, over and over, profess his undying devotion, all any husband to be asks for. Left out that we would stop at Disney World, Bri once telling me that he always wished he had gone, my little wedding gift to him.



&nbsp; We spent the following week relaxing, day hikes, lots of snow shoeing, there was now a foot of snow on the ground, mostly we hoped to hear from Joe, how we pined to visit the Farm, we told each other fantasies of the place, while we snuggled naked, Bri wanting to sample all the boys, mm mm, my sexy stud girl. I wanted something different, not sure what, knew that the Farm had lots of options, that was a pretty good fantasy in its self. Let Bri savage Betsy daily, his release, her training, my enjoyment, he loved to work her tits, I knew he was jealous, knew I would fatten his tits someday, he could handle a D, the hormones kept him to a B, perfect real tits, but someday I would want him slutted up. Bri loved to coat his arms in Vicks, them double fist bang the cunt, her yelps frantic, his abuse violent, his words nasty, he didn't care for Ms big tits. I always had to join in, to much fun, I would coat her eyes in Vicks blinding her, them use my lighter on her tits and oversized nips, her body flopping with pain, her farts loud, piss squirting around Bris plunging arm, we worked the pig right, she had many cums with her pain.&nbsp; Mostly we left the pig be, she could run a house, her cooking awesome, we always had fresh baked goodies, and occassionally we double fucked her, her tears of joy, her want to please us deep, we rutted her hard, she wanted more, would die for us, someday.









In The Hole&nbsp; Chapter 5
by roccodadom44
roccodadom6969@yahoo.com




WARNING&nbsp; This story contains every sick kink imaginable, underaged, snuff, scat, gay, I cover it all with intense violence, be warned.....rocco



 We had a nice life, lot of sex, lot of fun, hikes, snowmobiling, skiing, Bri was masterful on his snow board, his hot pink suit sexy, his long blond locks flowing as he defeated gravity, his ass sexy as it contorted, mm mm, my girl. But we wanted that invite, both obsessed with the possibilites the Farm represented, so many sex toys at our mercy. Betsy did Thanksgiving perfect, Brian had shot the bird, my little hunter boy, she made lots of favorites, baked the best apple pie ever, we even let her eat from her bowl, at our feet.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Thing about Betsy, I sometimes dug her, but mostly I wanted to humiliate her, something about a huge titted, fat ass slag, brought out the mean in me. Brianna needed no prodding, his hate of Betsy obvious, he was the jealous broad, kind of irritating at times, had to OTK him, hard, get his priorities straight, it was about me, not him, I drove the car.


&nbsp; We did give Betsy a Thanksgiving night brown shower, sat her in a plastic kiddie pool, outside, her tits rock solid, one inch throbbing nipples, from the freezing cold. We both had the runs, ate way to much of Ms Piggys cooking, our shit drenching her, our piss all down her skank throat,&nbsp; the way the steam ran off her shitted body, her shivering, puking, making her swim in it, pig, Bris taunt classic, made Betsy, masturbate for us, one hand diddling her over sized clit, the other shoveling our shit stew down her piggy pie hole.

&nbsp;&nbsp; We hosed the slag down, how she shivered, danced, her tits flopping nice, we got her in the house, beat her senseless, lots of fist, loved to bitch slap her crazy, then we double banged her, her cums deep, her yelps frantic, left her used up on the floor. We showered, lay under our covers, watching Christmas Story, lots of hugging, kisses, no fucking, just love, felt like he was my wife, my partner.


&nbsp; Talked it out, Bri was confused, his role as my wife, he felt like he should cook and clean for me. I faked horror, my wife would not do chores, that's why we had Betsy, giggled, told him, soon we would have a new slave, me getting tired of big tits, wanted something new, definitly younger, christ, Betsy was almost seventeen, an old maid, used up, her cunt a canyon, her ass gaped, she had no bladder or bowel control, her tits ugly, the scarring dramatic, burn holes are forever, even her face was fucked, lots of scars, her nose a mangled mess, Bri delighting in beating her ugly.

&nbsp; Gave my baby the reassurances he needed, marriage was forever with me, took it serious, wanted him to be my partner, he would be submissive to me, my wife, I would be protective of him, husband knows best. His cock sucking supreme, he knew what it was about, the way he bathed my rod in his spit, lapped it up, got his sexy tongue into my piss hole, tongue fucking my cock head, sweetly fondling my huge, hanging balls.

&nbsp; He could take me deep, nine inches, no problem, but better, he could move his throat muscles to work my cock,&nbsp; stroke me good, my balls churning, my emotions soaring, my love for my little cock sucker expanding, perfect climax, I returned the favor, ate my babys quick load, he was frantic to cum whenever I sucked him, his words of joy, he always blew quick, ate my ass after, his way of saying thanks, I got it, would always dig his salad tossing skills.

&nbsp; It came, the email from Joe, we were invited to a weekend party at the Farm, both of our cocks were rock hard, dripping pre cream. The email continued, Ricky and the Mexican boy, they named him Juanita, what else, were transformed, both had C cup tits, their cocks shortened to clit size, their balls sewn inside their body, all of their body hair lasar removed, both had their excess ball sack skin molded into cunt lips, sewn around their shit holes,the skin injected with saline to make the lips fat and soft, like Sally had. Speaking of, Joe let us know Sally was all done, the bikers having tortured him to death, no surprise there, he would give me a copy of the final torture session of Sallys sad, short life, we had the best friends, ever.

&nbsp; Joe did tell us that they would appreciate it if we donated Betsy for the weekend party, needed a barbeque victim, we readily agreed, had to chuckle, Betsy was Joes daughter, mademy parents seem a little nicer, then the good news. We would be able to choose from several young pigs, fresh meat, unbroken, they were all orphans, abandoned, Joe and his pals kidnapped them, no one was looking for them, throw away children, the best kind, they already knew they were inferior, easier to reduce to sex dolls.


&nbsp;&nbsp; We fucked like lunatics, I drove Bris ass so hard, we fell off the bed, our laughs heavy, got right back to it, how his cum sprayed me, mine buried deep up his boy cunt, we spent lots of time hugging, kissing, giggling about the coming weekend, decided to ease up on Betsy, wanted her fresh for her last weekend, she had served her purpose, was a stale cunt, nothing worse than used up cunt meat.

&nbsp;&nbsp; We hardly slept that week, the anticipation heavy, Bri was so cute, how horny he was, I must of fucked him four times a day, his cum an endless rope of protein, baby was all excited, had to work Betsy some, we fed her lots of shit and piss, really pained her good, lot of electricity, nothing like live wires to torment, her tits flopping to beat the band, her yelps comic, when we did the bottom of her feet, how she screeched, I took Bri right there I was so turned on, her screams, the smell of her fried skin, Bris hot, slut body next to mine, it was all to much, he fed Ms Ugly Tits my pie, dropping a cute sized turd down her dirty throat.


&nbsp; It was here, Friday, we would drive to Joe and Marys house, then follow them to the Farm, both of us wishing we could move time. We didn't feed Betsy for the last three days, nothing, just water, gave her a high velocity enema, she was cleaned out, dressed her slut obvious, a ridiculous bright pink spandex mini, her cunt exposed, her ass cheeks on display, six inch red, locked on heels, a black silk, see through halter that did nothing to stop her melons from flopping, she was ready for her final show, Bri teasing her, this was it, her last weekend, her tears, good, she understood, more fun if the pig knew her life was ending, mm mm.


&nbsp; Jesus, we were so horny on the ride, Bri was stroking his cock, eating his precum, slurping up my presperm sauce, his nipples poking through his silk blouse, his black leather mini around his waist, FMPs resting on the dash board as he flogged his fat cock, his sighs of lust, sighs of lust to come so exciting, driving home how wild this weekend could be, to have a lot of young toys, throw away toys,mm mm, the possibilities endless. Got both of us under control, our clothes neat, didn't want to appear desperate, a good Dom was always in control. We did have Betsy use an oversized dildo on her cunt and ass, her yelps from the back seat intoxicating, would miss having such a well trained bitch, Bri and I filled an empty water bottle with our piss, the pig chugged it down, yelping with thanks. We were so fucking amused, the cunt was excited, her orgasms nonstop, on her way to her brutal death, well trained cow, indeed.


&nbsp; Looked like a working farm, it was, except if you drove down an unmarked trail behind one of the corn fields, traveled that barely passable path for a mile or so, you arrived at a large nondescript barn, headquarters for the Farm, Jesus, we were stopped by two behomoths, carrying Uzis, looked like they lusted to use them. They were nice, but thorough, directed us to the entrance, one of them complimenting Bri on one of his movies, we had given Joe some of our kinky tapes to show the selection committee. My baby showed them his boy pussy, let the nearest one finger his pussy the other letting me know how excited everyone was to meet me, my reputation as a trainer high,&nbsp; his offer, he had a thirteen year old son, still fuckable, but heavily trained in boy cuntdom, well disciplined,mm mm, have to love a well trained pig, again, Betsy was one such, would miss her level of devotion, glad we had so much video of her getting worked over, but, she had to go, nothing worse than an over the hill sex doll, seventeen didn't cut it.

 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The main compound was well concealed, consisting of a large main lodge, several small cabins and an enormous red barn, Joe pointing out that was where the heavy shit happened, Bri and I wanted in there, Mary effortlessly guiding us towards the main lodge, claiming several important people wanted to meet us first, Joes reassurances nice, we were in, but folks liked to socialize before getting down to the good stuff. Swear Bri and I squeezed each others hands crazy as we entered the lodge, the open wide wrap around porch so inviting, all the furniture rough wood crafted.

&nbsp; The lodge was open, the first floor one massive room, a full bar, pool tables, pinball machines, soft jazz playing, the fireplace centered, open all sides, the rock chimney twisting as it reached the forty foot rough wood ceiling, a work of art and engineering to be admired, the perfect centerpiece. The floor was polished granite, the walls wide plank oak, class abounded, no smoking, thank god for that, the decor continuing the rustic pattern, I easily reconized several&nbsp; Emizian 18th century reproductions, the room spoke subdued money. The open floors above contained large rooms for sleeping and sex, most of the guests staying in the the cabins, or the nearby deep wooded cottages.

&nbsp; The serving staff was made up of kids, all beautiful, professional, Mary filling us in, these kids were not abused bad, fucked silly, but good staff was hard to find in ones so young. We could molest them, but no sex till later, the staff was working, as one of them, a sweet blond girl, maybe ten, approached us, presenting the appetizers, while curtsying, perfectly done. Her outfit was hot, skin tight black spandex mini, cunt and ass displayed always, four inch heels, no top, her tits flat, nipples hard and long, collar of&nbsp; black velvet, secured with a thick steel ring, her makeup slutty, lips bright red, god, I wanted to rut her right there, Joes laugh, my cock was tenting, she was young cunt defined.

 All the servers wore like outfits, even the boys, Bri and I ogling the buffet of twinks, ass and cocks on display. There were only twenty or so folks in the club sized room, evenly mixed between sexes, Mary telling us these were the heavy hitters, she led us to a corner sofa, introduced us to Bob and Lisa, the elected leaders of the club. They were good looking, personable, we didnt feel under the microscope, rather they relaxed us, Lisa was one of those chubby girls who still exuded sex, her tits were rare oversized perfect orbs, no imperfections showing through her Hermes blouse,again, these people were money defined.

&nbsp; They explained the ins and outs, their willingness to vouch for us as full time members, they loved our tapes, Lisa begging us to work their snotty brat kids, they had three, all would be available in the barn after cocktails, got to love the whole old world money vibe. Their introduction was short and sweet, as Bri and I wandered the room, checking out the stunning collection of art adorning the walls,sipping our wine, in lust at the cute as buttons serving whores, how sweet to see well trained young cunt, there was hope for this world after all. Bris cock was rock hard under his tight little mini, his nipples poking through his silk blouse, the way his heels added more definition to his already perfect ass and calfs, he looked so sexy, yet proper. I sensed others open lust for my fiance, gave him a quick kiss, told him how much I adored him, he swooned, his excited cock stained his mini, mm mm.


&nbsp; As we socialized, everyone dying to talk to Bri, his willingness to be groped, fondled, deep kissed, I got many great feels of the young maids, all of them top of the line sexy, the girls cunts wet and inviting, the boys pussies hot and clean, but mostly I was willing time forward, wanted in that barn, wanted the good stuff, Bris whispers, he needed some relieve, cock dripping precum, his face sweaty, red, boy on fire, he did crave the attention.


&nbsp; Having eaten, had cocktails, everyone relaxed, yet sexually excited, Bobs calling us together, we all walked to the barn, the air full of lust, blood lust, sure we all wore the grins of madmen, who wouldn't, this was our Christmas morning, time to open the presents, sort to speak. That door swinging open was so intense, trying to see everything at once, the excited voices, everyone pointing out some hot detail, stunning to see twelve naked preteen slaves in various states of bondage, like a flesh buffet, our mouths watering at the possibilities. To see such tender flesh subjected to heavy bondage, to see the terrified eyes of the meat, how we circled them, we were a pack of lions hunting prey, everyone looking for a compelling victim.

&nbsp; We saw them together, Ricky and Juanita, they were tied to a cross, back to back, the cross spinning slowly, like an amusing piece of performance art, our giggles, they were over the top modified, huge tits, oversized nipples, all hair gone, even their manes, cocks reduced to just the head, their balls tucked neatly inside their lower body, how their asses looked like cunts, the excess ball sack skin making sexy cunt lips surrounding their well used fuck holes. That they looked so miserable cheered us, Lisas suggestion that we work them hard as they were both not working out, seemed Juanita still had that nasty Mex smell, and, well, we knew how tiresome little Rickys act could get.

&nbsp; Bri was already rutting the illegal, with much tit slapping and nipple pulling, sweet to hear the dirty brown boy cry for mercy, no chance, no fuck chance at all. Standing in front of Ricky, the fucker ws beautiful, his body so slut feminine, his face still angelical, though much scarred. The way his stomach stretched as he hung from the cross, his only relieve from suffocation was by resting his feel on a block of wood, why I loved these people, they had covered the top of the foot rest with shards of broken glass, the bottoms of his feet sexy, bloody ground beef, nicely done,sexy the way his red painted toe nails accented the bloody mess of his soles, he had to make constant choices, bloody, raw soles or slow suffocation.


&nbsp;&nbsp; The cross had a pipe midway, as I hung Rickys sexy knees over each side, legs fully splayed, his anus right there, wide open, begging, how vulnerable he was. I diddled his cute as a button cock head, he still felt pleasure, as his cock rose to its silly one inch length, a little precum ran as I gently tickled him, we both knew it was a prelude, I rammed my hamsized fist into his groin, where his balls lay under the skin, he screeched, farted out his pussy loudly, as he groaned, I ass banged him crazy, glad to be fucking with anger again, me and Bris sex was all to lovey dovey now, light went off, maybe Bri was starting to bore me, as I looked into Rickys deep blue eyes,felt his will power vanishing, continued my hard rutting, how good it felt to hurt this punk, the feel of his beefy melons just right, he had DD cup tits, on his elfish frame they appeared comical, well, Ricky was a clown, so it worked. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; Had a nice cum in the fags pussy, but I could not shake the thought that I was over Brianna, as I watched him ham for his growing fan club, he was deep drilling the sobbing darkie, that stinky fuck always seemed to be crying or getting ready to, Bri was also using his fists to pound Juanitas fat funbags, his appeared bigger than Rickys, perhaps because the Mexican was smaller still. Decided to take in the sights, Bris antics were getting under my skin, his need to be praised getting old, that type of behavoir was for victims, owners, true slave masters, did not give a fuck about others praise, it was about satisfying the hunger, the need to savage others, reduce them to nothing, all that matters. 

&nbsp; That feeling, this was the one, as I looked upon the tiny girl, she was in a swing legs tied over her head, trussed up so her cunt and ass were wide open, she couldn't of been more than ten, how innocent she looked, almost virginal, her cunt gave it away, it had the appearance of being well used, lips distended, hole gaping, mm mm, looked like she entertained the whole 6th fleet. Sexy little fuck slut, her tits nonexistant, nipples little red berries begging to be plucked, face so sweetly unblemished, blond hair long, flowing, perfect piece of meat, waiting for some attention, that she was alone my good luck. She cringed at my stepping in front, good, she knew I didn't want to hold her hand, my paws savaged her nipples, her cries music to my perverted ears, the way her taut belly flexed as I continued my nipple assault. I went to work on her pussy, yanking her lips nasty, how pliant her young flesh, getting three of my beefy fingers up her clam, harshly wiggling them around, hurting her good, her pleas sweet, my spit splattering her cutie pie face, that's called a definitive answer, no mercy for this cunt.

&nbsp; Lisa at my side, her laugh, the little cunt in front of me was Carlene, Lisa and Bobs youngest child, a well fucked eleven year old pig, trained to suck cock and pussy on demand, could take a foot of cock up her cunt and ass, they both looked it, this little girl was already fucked out and she hadn't even got her period yet. Lisa telling me, so Carlene could hear, they would sacrifice her on her twelfth birthday, which happened to fall on July fourth, she would be the Holiday roast, mm mm. God, I loved to watch her eyes, so fucking blue, so helpless, as she digested the fact that her Mom was going to off her in less than a year, I had to do it, fucked her hard, deep, violent, her cries sweet, the way her snatch still had some tightness, only because she was so tiny, I could feel scarred tissue in her twat from previous abuse, quickly my fat, ruthless cock rubbed those old wounds raw, blood flowing fom her gash only got me hotter, rutting her comically fast, her blood splattering the growing crowd of onlookers, the happy thought that I stole Bris thunder, my souring on him was building, taking on a life of its own, idly wondering if I should swap Bri for this sexy waif attached to my ready to erupt cock. She was like a blank slate. the possibilities endless, an eleven year old fuck pig had much upside, Bri was over the hill at seventeen, his cuteness was waning, his arrogance growing.


&nbsp; After depositing my dick snot up the preteens cunt, I realized I had a well soiled cock, bloody and spermed, quite nasty indeed, Lisa giggled, as if she sensed my unease with Bri, telling me he was coming this way, I got her implication, a true Master would make his lover boy clean his wood, and so I would. He took the bait, I loved him, but he never learned, as he had a first class hissy fit, begging, whining, calling me mean, everyone gathering around, their barely contained glee at the possibility that I would dump Brianna, leaving him at the others mercy. The silly boy went on, oblivious to the changing dynamic, he had gone from glamour boy to fuck meat in like forty five minutes, all because he forgot who was running this life, the same tune he played when I savaged him months ago, this was it though, enough, quite enough.

&nbsp; The embarrassment of his pity show were heavy, my reputation was on the line, as I gazed at all the sexy young pussy arrayed in still such provocative poses, all of them leaking cum or blood, realizing if I played my cards right I could have access to all this flesh, made my decision simple, gave Bri a hug, told him to get our camera from the car, his sureness, he was so full of himself, his slutty smile as he sashayed from the room, his extra ass shaking rubbing my face in his supposed victory, stupid boy.

&nbsp; As soon as he left the barn, I told the assembled Doms my plan, they erupted with much enthusiasm, Bobs quick&nbsp; horse trade, Bri for Carlene, she would be mine to do as I pleased, Bri would be butchered tomorrow night, we would feast on his arrogant ass, I would leave Sunday with a sexy, young cunt, win win we all concluded. We would brutalize Bri tonight, let him ponder his impending death all day Saturday, feast on his flesh Saturday night, that sounded like a plan, again, the snotty little bastard brought it on himself. While we waited for Bri, Lisa undid her daughter, with no emotion, except contempt, handed her over to two young slaves, they would clean her, keep her safe till I took her home, my thanks to Lisa and Bob sincere, their giggles, they would more than even the score when they savaged Bri, who at that very moment returned from his errand, looking chilly, but as vain as ever, he actually looked in the full length mirror by the front door, fag, pampered fag, made a mental note to self, never, ever, spoil a piece of meat, this was my reward, being humiliated in front of my peers by this smug, concieted bastard, as my anger rose, so did my cock, knowing I had worked my bad self into a blood frenzy, I wanted Bri uglied up, his sweet face destroyed, his tits bloodied, his cock and balls shredded, mm mm, I was glowing, Lisa rubbing my ass, telling me how sexy I was, her wanting me to force the issue, she wanted Bri to clean my cock, oh he would.


&nbsp; Wondered what I ever saw in the loser, he was totally clueless, as he strutted across the room, he actually stopped to chat with a Master, Bris back to me, the Dom facing me wore&nbsp; just a trace of a smile, as he pretended to be cool with Bris lack of decorum, a slave was never supposed to approach a Master on his own, when on an errand from his owner, well, that was big time shit, you just can't have meat wandering around, they needed structure. Thing is Brianna knew all this, oh, he bloody well knew, as I had beat it into him enough times, I just thought he had learned, understood his role, but he didn't, and he never would, Bobs soft words, never fall for a piece of meat, it would spoil, that was sweet advice, Lisas softer words, as Bri decided he made his point and headed our way, they still wanted me as a full time member, my easy reply, I always learned from my mistakes, more, I always corrected them, and I would savagely correct this high toned fag openly mocking my authority.

&nbsp;&nbsp; His eyes were leery as he approached me, as if he finally understood his errors, my gently demand, that he clean my still soiled cock, his look of poutiness, Christ, he was tiresome, he actually stated, fists on hips for emphasis I suppose, that he was leaving, everyones loud laughter, joke was on him, he would be leaving his life soon, real soon. He tried to run, silly fag, he wore four inch heels, his ass and tits flopping for everyones enjoyment. I got him good, a booted foot to his balls from behind, he was down, gasping, fetal position, hands on nuts, my foot parade loosened him up, how I stomped him with my cowboy boots, how I used the metal tips to bloody him silly, he was crawling, trying to escape, there was none, I would have my revenge, told him all this, that I loathed him, would relish eating his dead carcass, his tears, sobs pitiful, he was over, we were over.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Made him stand up, his body a mess of bruises and cuts, his belly and tits shaking sexy with his deep, wracking sobs, little fag looked like he would hyperventilate at any moment, my fist to his face gave him a break, broken nose sure, but he got to nap a while, he was out cold, his ugly face all bruised, eyes looking piggish, blood pouring out his crooked snot locker, mm&nbsp; mm, not so high and mighty now. Everyone gave me props, only way to handle a defiant slave, butcher them, they would only infect other meat, overkill was the right thing to do. Strange, I felt no sense of loss, I mean I considered marrying this cunt, now I felt only savage cravings, wanted to make this over the top violent, needed to show my peers my true nature, they already seemed to dig me, several of the Mistresss asked me to bed them later, right, like I was gonna lay with some ancient cunt when I had my choice of all this young stuff, I don't think so.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Got a sweet idea, had little Ricky and the dirty Mexican taken down from their crosses, fun&nbsp; in its self, as they each suffered from bloodied soles and severe cramps, watching their sexy modified bodies twist and contort in pain, quite a show. When they recovered enough to stand I told Ricky, ignoring the stinky darky who I loathed more than even Bri, that he and his ugly friend were to rape Bri, giving him a couple of twelve inch strapons, which he looked at with a little grin on his sexy boy face, maybe I would bed Ricky tonight, make sure Bri knew I was bedding his one time rival, on Bris last night of life, to boot, oh, I am a deviant bastard. He did look sexy, Ricky strutted around, everyone groping his tits and ass, mock praising his cock, telling him to hurt Bri good, everyone wanted to see high and mighty Briana come undone. I booted the stupid Mex in the ass ordering him to do what Ricky told him, had the sense Ricky would revel in abusing Bri, this could be interesting.

 Finally sleeping beauty was awake, stunned, groggy, but he knew quickly that his nightmare was real, he searched for me, how his face dropped in defeat as he read my angry eyes, saw no mercy, his sobs coming in buckets, he crawled to my feet, started to suck my cock clean, as I let him, he got more into it, perhaps he felt I would reconsider, he would of been wrong. When I felt he cleaned me proper, I kneed his face, over he went, sprawled on the floor, told him Ricky and the Mex wanted his ass, fight or die, he cried, fag. With my arm around Ricky, mm mm, he was hot, his flesh burning with desire, the way his sexy ass rubbed against my thigh, Ricky was hot for me, would kill for me, nice thought that.

&nbsp; As everyone closed in, forming a circle, I instructed Ricky to be savage, gave him a deep tongue kiss, he purred, the little sex fag. Had another idea, get Betsy involved, Joe, her Dad, laughingly telling me right now Betsy was on the kitchen cutting board, her flesh oiled, seasoned, ready to be butchered for our late supper tonight, Mary, her Mom, wanted us to go tease her, but I saw a way to further my legend, told Mary I had no desire to see a cow butchered, only that it tasted good, everyone dug my coolness, Betsy had served her purpose, no need to revisit a washed up cow. It would of been fun to let Betsy at Bri, but Ricky would do, as he made menacing faces at Bri, who was still begging, going around the circle trying to hug peoples legs, their nasty kicks, punches, spits, and taunts repelling him at every turn, finally he sat in the center, weeping, hugging his knees, perhaps willing himself away, not so fast meat.


&nbsp; My loud voice made him jump, time to put up, fight or die, he at least stood up, I realized he could easily over match the two younger boys, maybe Bri would live. Looked that way at first as Bris long arms landed several blows to Ricky, the Mex no help, he threw faggy illegal slaps, what fun watching all that tit meat swing around. When Bri landed a shot to Rickys face, I thought it was over, but as Bri straddled Ricky to beat him good, the Mex leaped on his back, off they went, Bri trying to get the darkie off his back, Ricky was up fast, clever kid, grabbed an empty beer bottle on a stool nearby, and he got Bri good, right in the face, the bottle exploding, Bris face spewing blood, awesome, the glass had left a long,open slice across the fags face. 
 
&nbsp; Bri was actually crying, My face, My face, what a clown, as Ricky took the cuffs I gave him, also the quick peck on his ruby red lips, got them on his adversary with little trouble, how hard my cock got watching Ricky take charge, my lust for him getting overheated, I was definitly sleeping with him tonight, he earned it, I earned it. He got Bri on his knees, directed Mex to go ass, the darkie did it with relish, Bris screams nice, when Ricky got his huge dildo in Bris face, my ex, it felt great saying that, balked, begged, the worst thing he could do, the crowd egging Ricky on, he got our attention in stunning fashion.

&nbsp; As we shouted encouragement, Ricky calmly used his two inch cherry red nails to gouge out Bris right eye ball, softly telling Bri he would remove the other one if he didn't take his face fucking. I was in lust, Ricky was a bad, nasty, sexy boy. How he choked fucked the loser purple, much puke, bloody tinged, spewed form Bris face when Ricky decided to let him breath, all the while Bris loose orb, still attached to its nerves, swung back and forth till it got crushed against Rickys pistoning pelvis, his eye fluid running down Rickys sexy thigh. 

&nbsp; I ordered Ricky to heel, my exact words, he obeyed flawlessly, though his glare at Bris destroyed face was pure hate, mm mm. Told him I was proud of him, he swooned, ordered him to curtail the stupid Mex, who continued to rut Bri like the Energizer Bunny. He was born to be violent, when the stupid darkie failed to halt at Ricks first call, wow, the way Ricky dropped the stinky boy, nasty face shot, mm mm. The way the huge dildo was ripped from Bris savaged anus classic, much blood as his anus appeared inside out, the dreaded prolasped shit hole, sweet, revenge is thy name.


&nbsp; Party time,as I asked my gathered peers to show the worthless fuck on the floor, and also all the slaves watching, how arrogance is rewarded, they pounced like a pack of rabid dogs, Bris beaten body lost in a pile of flesh, his squeals and moans as they beat him, roughly twisted his tits till they bled, finally Lisa took charge, using her Violet Wand, to zap Bris still exposed anus, he started propelling his bloody body across the marble floor, by his knees as his hands were still cuffed behind him, very painful stroll for our boy. She shocked him silly, he kneed his way till he was in front of a low table. Lisas soft command for him to get on the table, of course as he saw the shackles welded to each corner of the table he balked, stupid cow. Bob went off, using a nasty looking leather belt, it had six strips of knotted leather, that it had pieces of jagged glass entwined in the knots made it a flayer of flesh, and soon Bris sexy white skin was a bloody fucking mess.

 He managed to get on the table, his sexy ass pointing up for all to see, his busted face buried in the hard metal tables shiny surface, as if he was ashamed, he should be, all that he threw away, all because of his immaturity. Bob and some others quickly had him cuffed arms and legs so Bri was forced to stay in the doggy position, at our mercy.&nbsp; As I carressed Rickys piggy body, swapped spit with him, I watched my new found friends give Bri what he deserved, a complete working over. Mary used her fist to punch Bris prolasped rectum back up his shit canal, his howls classic, then all the guys paired off to double stuff his gaping anus, he got five double bangs, and when they were done his shit tube was hanging a foot out of his ass dripping a nasty stew of blood, shit, and man juice, poor babys bum was broken good.

 Joe played nurse, nurse evil, as he used Vicks vapor Rub to coat the hanging flesh, how Bri shook with pain, the shackles holding him firm, Joe stuffed the burning rectum back where it belonged, annoucing it was girls turn, mm mm.&nbsp; Ricky was worshipping my fat cock, his eyes always staring into mine, complete want from him, funny, several days ago I hated Ricky, loved Bri, now complete opposite, life is a kick. Rickys one inch cockette was hard, dripping, he was excited serving me, that is key, as I considered taking him on, never again would I pamper a slave, if Ricky became mine, I would beat him every fuck day just because.

 The girls went after his tits and cock and balls with savage glee, only using their nails they shredded his tit flesh, both nipples torn, his belly was hamburg, his cock a bloody mess, balls swollen and scratched silly, the stainless steel table covered in Bris running blood, his bloody pissings funny, as he could not control his bladder any longer, piggy boy. While the girls had their fun, I had Ricky lay on a table next to Bris, same height, mere feet away from Bris ugly face. Ricky was staring into Bris one sad eye, I was behind Ricky, my arm around him, my cock up his sweet young pussy, my lips loving his neck and shoulders, my eyes mocking Bri, made sure he knew how much I enjoyed his suffering, how Ricky had replaced him quick, his eye sobbed pity tears, I laughed, Ricky hucked a glob of spit into Bris open eye socket, I ruffled his bald pate with new found pride, Bri sobbed some more, all good.

 Jesus he had a hot pussy, had a first rate rut up Rickys sexy cunt, his tits so much fun to maul, now sated, content to lay there, my arm hugging his hot body, his ass still rubbing against me, Ricky was mine. Just enjoying the freedom of unloading Bri, how sexy the blood dripping from his torso, splattered the table top as if in slow motion. Everyone was fucking the slaves, a final release before we ate Betsy, she was being roasted now, judging by the tantalizing aroma drifting from the kitchen. Gave Ricky some soft lovers words, his happy smile, see he din't speak much, prance, just accepted my love, never forgot his role, good boy. We both giggled at the dirty Mex, who was on the floor getting ass and mouth fucked hard, while a Master used a lighter on his oversized nipples, how the fag squirmed, giving all a fine ride, told Ricky I wanted him to be mean to the silly darkie all the time, I gave him that permission, his sigh, Ricky dug others pain, that is a sexy thing.

&nbsp; Well our food hunger won out, Bob calling everyone for dinner, I had Ricky shine my soiled cock, he did not hesitate, his mouth working magic on my wood, his desire to please me compelling, his sexy eyes begging me, started to accept Ricky as my new lover boy, giggled at the thought of leaving here with Ricky and Carlene, sweet. When I got up to eat, as if by magic, a sexy teen boy, dressed in mini and heels, sexy little cock pointing at me, told me, sweetly of course, that he would prepare Ricky for my room later, mm mm, you aint getting that level of&nbsp; service at Holiday Inn. Betsy was rolled out on a large serving cart, then several slaves placed the oversized platter in the middle of the monstrous dining hall table. Just like a pig, that is how she looked, an apple in her mouth, except she was trussed up on her back, her stomach was half assed sewn where they had removed her entrails and organs, there was a carrot sticking from her anus, her cunt overflowing with cranberry stuffing, how golden brown her butter basted flesh was, the garlic bits looking like sexy freckles, her body surrounded by potatoes and veggies, all quite mouth watering. Bob knew how to carve as he made quick work of her breasts, much smaller as the jell packs had been removed earlier before cooking her. I had a nice hunk of her sexy thigh meat, very spicy, hot little whore meat, everyone enjoying her flesh, I made a toast, to Betsy for being a good slave who gave her all, she did have a pleasing personality, everyone agreeing, then toasted Joe and Mary for raising such fine slaves as Sally and Betsy, the happy couple basking in my praise, I could get them to do anything for me, that is a nice power to have.


&nbsp; Scanning the gathered diners, how full of life they all were, in shape, good looking, winners, the kind of people you wanted for friends. Caught everyone looking me over, sensed their respect, caught Lisas eye, her tounge seductively licking her greasy lips, her appeal heavy,&nbsp; a fat, bouncy, happy piggy,&nbsp; but Ricky was on my mind, funny how life keeps spinning round and round. Tried a slice of fried Betsy liver with carmelized leeks, not to my liking, but one of her delicate fingers, breaded and deep fried, awesome, not much meat, but the taste so sweet, like wild turkey. After they took the carcass away, the kitchen slaves would break the body down, using all the meat, make a soup stock of her bones, Betsy would provide lots of leftovers, good riddance to that fucked out cunt. Joe telling me that they would preserve her head, had a gallery under the barn, all their victims heads mounted on the walls, like a human trophy room, and of course it was.


&nbsp;&nbsp; The after dinner drinks were nice, the talk casual, but I was drifting, wanted to lay with Ricky, needed to get into his head, his turn around towards me, real or survival skill, he was a devious bastard, a trait I admired, maybe this bad boy and bad man were meant to be together, maybe I was a hopeless romantic, either way, I was gonna ride Rickys superior boy cunt all night, the image of his hot ass twitching for me, mm mm. My embarressment, Bob was asking me a question, everyones amusement, my admission, Betsy had filled me up to the point of sluggishness, the way everyone agreed, started to get up like me, my quiet chuckle, if I jumped off a cliff would they, not that it mattered, I am as vain as the next pervert, plus they had access to an apparent endless supply of fresh young meat, so I could live with a little hero worship thrown at me.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was agreed that we would all spend Saturday on seperate outings, then meet for drinks at four o'clock in the barn, Bri would be left in his current position, his knees must be burning from kneeling on the hard metal, good, little fag, ugly, bloody fag. I did piss on him, the others flocking to hose down Bri, who just stared at me with his one good eye, so sad, so pathetic, never fuck with me, my last stream right into his eye, blinding him, nighty night loser. By nature I am solitary, was so glad to be heading to my cabin, a sexy girl of maybe eight, handed me a warm full length terry cloth robe, asked me to follow her to the cabin, watching her tiny butt bounce as she led me, the cold air biting her tender skin, her heels tripping her up in the snow, my kick to her twat got her moving, dumb cunt. She stood at attention at the cabin door, waiting in fear to be dismissed, how innocent she looked, her nipples rock hard, the mini blowing up to expose her young, undeveloped cunt, my spit hitting her perfect face, her tears, my slap shocking her, dismissing her abruptly, my mind consumed by Ricky.

&nbsp; He was on his knees by the front door, my hand pulling him to his feet, my kiss deep, meaningful, how his body relaxed in mine, his submission obvious, yet subdued, had him pose for me, his nighty, red silk, barely covered his perfect boy butt, he smelled so sweet, his makeup perfect, his tits like fucking cantalopes, his legs so soft and smooth, his feet so sexy dainty, his red nails erotic as all get out, all girl he was.


&nbsp;&nbsp; That he asked me if I wanted anything, the sincerity was there, he wanted to take care of me, Ricky was more slave than the bloody piece of shit in the barn could ever be. I shared a joint with him, then while I sipped my wine, he bathed me in the antique claw foot tub, his tenderness sweet, he was as if transfixed, lulled into a state of bliss just by bathing me, pretty fuck stimulating, my cock rock hard, Rickys smile, he kissed my cock head gently, went back to cleaning my body, how he made me feel special, stunning, that this once asshole punk could be so tamed by me, and according to Lisa, he refused to submit to anyone else without major problems, that had a deep appeal to me, as if Ricky would only settle for the best, that made me very happy.

 It was awkward at first, getting him to open up, but as he sat on my lap, how nice his nighty felt against my bare body, I lightly rubbed his arm, his sigh, the way his body relaxed into mine, another gentle submission from this hard kid. He was extremely perceptive, revolted against me before because he knew I would get bored with him if he gave in, mm mm, I think he was right, example Brianna, even before he pissed me off, I was doubting my want for him. Now he would be mine, if I wanted him, I did, loved his honesty, all he asked is that I love him, I did, told him I was head and heels, but that I learned my lesson from Bri, a slave needed to know his place, that Ricky slid down and began to gently tongue my rectum, he was listening at least.

&nbsp; To say our loving was energetic is understating it, I pounded him, mouth and cunt, his cries of joy so sweet, the way his hands needed to carress my hard body, as if he wanted to be sure I was his, that was the thing, easy to have a slave, harder to have a loving slave, that was my goal, did not work with Bri, but I was not discouraged, Ricky was full of potential, and in the back of my mind, if it did not work out, he would make a delicious roast. 

&nbsp; After several hours of banging him, letting him suck me, his need to swallow my seed cute, exploring his piggy tiny body, I realized I was starving, used the phone to call the kitchen, it was answered by a sexy voiced girl, who explained that they were serving Betsy burgers for midnight munchies, sounded great, ordered mine rare, side of fries. While waiting for my chow, I bare bottomed Ricky hard, his tears sweet, his precum running down my crotch, his moans more joyous than painful, and I spank hard. The way his full white globes reddened under my assault, occassionally running my fingers over his fat, sexy cunt lips, dipping my fingers tenderly into his prime boy cunt, his sphincter grabbing my finger like a vise, mm mm, Ricky worked it for me with love.

&nbsp; Licked his sexy tears and snots away, hugged him tight, told him he was my slave, my personal slave, always with me, we would be lovers and friends at times, but always he was my slave, his only comment, that he needed that check, would only submit to me, we kissed till the food arrived, Ricky handling that shit, I pissed and pondered the nature of this thing, how there were different degrees of slave, the stinky Mexican was strictly ultiliarian, a beast of burden, a punching bag, Betsy was utiliarian, but had some personality,some worth as a warm body, Bri was what I call a butler slave, my best friend while also my slave, till he went out of bounds, got his wings clipped, clipped right the cunt off, more or less. Ricky had already passed the most important test, he was not prone to bouts of vanity, like me more comfortable being subdued, though, like me, Ricky could go off, I dug that glow in his eye as he savaged Brianna, that was me, mm mm.

&nbsp; Fed him chewed up bits of my burger and fries, Betsy was prime beef, she would be remembered, as I burped, had another bite of her bloody meat, let Ricky have a bite of the burger, his lips dripping her bloody juices, I licked them off, smeared the bloody meat on his sexy body, he went with it, rubbing her juices into his ample tits, sexy soft belly, on his hard as a rock teeny weeny, finally coating his cunt lips, how completely sexy he was, his skin shone with death juice, the candle light making him even more desirable, my tongue starting at his forehead, butterfly kisses for his deep, secretive brown eyes, a little nose kiss, my tongue working my way up his nostrils, his giggles, my passion becoming an inferno, how full and soft his lips, his tongue felt right in my mouth, did not usually dig a tongue worming my mouth, but Ricky knew my needs by instinct, his warm tongue laying on mine, just resting, our drool comingling, each swallowing their share of our love saliva, eyes locked, soul loving, our commitment deepening by the second, forest fire raging.



&nbsp; His ears were perfectly symetrical, my hot breath shivering him, his hand on my stomach, his sigh full of contentment, his neck so feminine, no fat, yet so soft, his armpits smooth and slight preteen funk smell, mm mm, his breasts spectacular orbs of fun, but in my mind I already decided his tits were getting reduced, or maybe I would flat him, we shall see. His nipples gave him real pleasure, my gently blowing on them after sucking them silly sent him twitching with stimulation, but he did not get dramatic, just his sweet habit, his hand touching me, his need for me pushing me to need him. One of my fetishes, soft boy bellies, and Ricky was perfect, his skin soft, warm, his belly button a cutie innie, how sweet his skin tasted, when I gave his belly a tickle his giggles rolling, baby was ticklish, I got him cackling with loud convulsions of tickle giggles, his tits flopping wild as he squirmed, letting him rest, his pants happy, he glowed with passion.

 His cock so tiny, yet I adored it in my mouth, lots of little sucks, my tongue loving his button, it tasted salty, my fingers could feel his balls vibrating under his skin, his eruption fast, his cream so sweet in my mouth, my deep kissing Ricky, how we slopped his seed back and forth, pigs at play. Got down to his ass pussy, who ever had sewn his cunt lips on had done a stunning job, he had cute pussy lips, and not many real cunts did, his anal ring was beat, that was to be expected, and I would soon add to its destruction, life is a bitch. He responded to my sucking on his lips, that he had feeling there was amazing, his anus was tasty, clean, but the slightest trace of the nutty taste of feces teasing my tongue as it wormed its way up Rickys colon. I started to tongue fuck his ass, in no time he spewed another load of cock juice, all over his yummy belly, I was on it, vacumning it up spitting it on his Dolly Parton sized tits, sucking it up again, spitting it in his smiling face, we each used our fingers to scoop his sauce off his baby face, feed each other lovingly, how nice it felt sucking his small, dainty fingers.


&nbsp; My tongue drifted down his tapered thighs, his heat so stimulating, my cock leaking like an acne faced teenagers, his knees bony, his giggles as I stroked the back of his knee, my tongue snaking down his superior calfs, oh my, his feet were so fine, tiny, delicate, his toes so, so pretty, not flattened, or dried out ugly, his toes were perfectly round, uniform, pink and healthy, how sexy his red nails, sucked his little piggies like it mattered, his foot funk sweet smelling, delightful to taste, his enjoyment, ease at being my saltlick nice. I gently licked his scarred soles, his dried blood tasted so heady, wrapped his sexy feet in bandages I summoned from room service, Rickys expressive eyes shouting thanks, his sexy mouth quiet even better, I think I found my significant other, love em quiet, yet determined, that was Ricky

&nbsp; Got down to it, first sitting on his fat tits I fed him my nine inch wonder, by tilting his head, he could inhale me balls deep, how he sucked me hard, the pleasure he gave me intense, well worth remembering, wiped my sloppy cock all over his angel face, his attempts to kiss it as I moved it around cute. Had to tit bang him, he held his tits around my cock, as I pumped I twisted his oversize nipples hard, he moaned with lust, his cock dribbled another load, boy could cum, though he appeared just about out of baby batter. 

&nbsp; It&nbsp; was so hot in his colon, as I went all the way home, stopped, just let my swollen meat stick rest up my boys pussy, we made out like lovers, told him it was official, he was my boy, that would be his role,only he could fill it, his smile, soft thank you, he knelt, kissed my feet, got up and asked me if I wanted a drink, like I was in heaven, I tell you. We relaxed, chatted, shared a glass of wine and a fatty. he opened up some more, wanted to fish, no one had ever taken him, well I explained one of his roles as my boy, was fishing buddy and hunting buddy, he asked me if I ever shot anyone, mm mm, violent baby boy, of course I hadn't, but I would enjoy it if I could, his laugh, he had a list, my hard hug surprised him, then he relaxed, as I told him I also kept lists, fuck with me, I will remember, we kissed more, I slipped back in his pussy, this time I got down to it, a righteous ass plowing, swear Ricky had three dry climaxes, his body shaking with lust, how he held my cock with his anal walls, giving me so much pleasure, his tiny fingers gently carressing my chest, his eyes looking into mine, our smiles shared only for us, our brave new world.









&nbsp; In The Hole Chapter 6
&nbsp; by roccodadom44
&nbsp; roccodadom6969@yahoo.com

 An original work by roccodadom44



 WARNING&nbsp; this story contains&nbsp; underaged sex, snuff, scat, over the top violence, gay, so be warned..........peace....rocco




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mmmm, his body so warm, could hear the frigid wind howling outside, glad to snuggle with my Bri, then it hit me, Bri was chained up in the barn bleeding like a stuck pig, destined for death, I was sleeping in a cabin at the Farm, and little Ricky was softly snoring, a sexy, raspy sweet snore, and I was mad in love with him, anyone else would be at least confused, I relished my unpredictable life, walking a wire, where the high octane fun was. He was quite huggable, as I smothered him with love, he responded, his body clinging to mine, his ass parted, waiting my fuck thrust, I gave him it hard, morning or not, I wanted to rut Ricky hard, not to hurt him, he loved it, rather it was our thing, his ass was smashing back at me, his tiny hand on my ass pulling me to him, our love was violent, like our world.

&nbsp;&nbsp; He came in my hand while I filled his pussy with my cream, about as intense as it can ever be, I could feel every inch of my burning cock still buried in his love hole, his muscles gripping me, his soft as air bottom rubbing my thighs, our feet playing their own games all entwined, whispering sweet words in his ear, his soft replies, our complete as oneness quite exhilarating after the loss of Bri, that got me chuckling, Rickys evil little smile when I shared my thoughts, asked him what we should do today, my boy, he wanted to get after Bri, pain him all day, loved his single mindedness, but time to chat with him about his role, I wasn't mad, after all Ricky was twelve, an old twelve yes, but still he needed guidance, his willingness to learn was there, made him more serious than twitty Bri could of ever been. 

&nbsp; Explained that it would be cool to work Bri today, but it was even cooler to ignore Bri altogether, till he was snuffed later anyways, show him he was not important, Ricky got it, told me he just wanted to be with me, I tongued him, told him that was the correct answer, I wanted him to want to be here with me, wanted him to want to serve me, that made it all so much deeper. I would lead he would follow, always, set in stone. To get away from the seriousness, I had him kneel and swallow my piss, which he did with no problems, Bri had always made it seem he was put out catching my urine, Ricky seemed happy, his smile cute, his kiss of my piss hole respectful, his surprise when I stood him up, knelt before him, told him to piss me, but he did, giggling as I swallowed his golden brew, so sweet, like him, gave his little clit the same sweet kiss he gave mine, then we kissed, swapped piss saliva, my hands spanking his oh, so cute bum as if by their own volition.

&nbsp; It was only five in the morning, we were both energized, starving, I decided a quick shower was first, though with sexy Ricky it was never a quick shower, how I adored his tiny piggy body, how he ran his tiny fingers over my hairy body, his eyes always seeking mine, conveying his desire for me, real love, not Brianna love, Ricky was glad I chose him, when I told him I was glad he chose me, he smiled, his words so poignant, he would of endured any pain to be with me, had endured great pain for it, that made him happy, it made me happier, told him we would go get something to eat, then pay Bri a little morning visit, swear Rickys little gun sprang to an inch and a quarter. 

 He was cool with me collaring him, and keeping him naked, he got it, we were in others company, though I let him wear the terry robe across the courtyard, I would not feeze my baby, fuck care who said what. The little kitchen girl, naked except her apron, fixed me a huge cheese omelette, home fries, toast, mm mm, made Ricky kneel at my feet, where he removed my boots, started to tenderly rub my naked feet, planting hot kisses now and then, got to love that devotion. Made it fun for him, putting bite sized bits of eggs and home fries on my feet, Ricky sloppily sucking them up, his sexy ass wagging happy, a few Masters walking in for early grub, getting a good show, I looked good, masterful as it were, my love also got to eat real food, albeit off my feet, but all the slaves here ate regurgitated food mixed with dog food and vitamins,same chow every day three times a day, so I was giving Ricky a treat in public, he deserved some love, he had stolen my heart, the sexy little cunt.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Glad to see Bob, as I wanted to let him know I was going to work on Bri, who was technically his property now, as I led Ricky by his leash, I noticed the older teen cunt sitting with Bob, she was pregnant, looked like Jiffy Pop all heated up, her stomach a mess of stretch marks, her melons milk filled orbs, nipples dripping milk, a breeding cow for sure. Bob was cool with my need to spend some quality time with Brianna alone, cackling, breaking up is hard to do. He introduced the cow as Caylee, his seventeen year old daughter, his apparent joy, she was preggers with triplets, her second set, seems she had birthed every year since she was thirteen, producing a brood of eight, these three in her belly pushing it to eleven, a one pig breeding colony, Bob figuring she could birth till she dropped, her fate, sex toy maker, all her off spring would be used as pain pigs, lowest form at the Farm, short lived, hard used. One way they stocked the farm, every family selected one daughter to be a breeding pig, fed fertility drugs, gang fucked, they produced scores of fresh meat, all the fresh meat reared on the farm, as they aged they were trained for different functions, a certain amount would be rejects, sent to the kitchen for larder, soon to be veal chops, hard knock life my ass, the rest would be servants, cooks, laborers, some would even become overseers, for these pigs the best that could ever happen.

 As I led Ricky to the room containing Bri I had to credit these people, they knew how to make their own world, they were not afraid to make things happen, saw what they desired and they took it, sweet. There he was, still kneeling, though his back was hanging down like a sway back mule, he had sagged to his elbows causing his beaten ass to point up, like he wanted it abused. He had bled alot, but it seemed to have congealed, his tits and belly looked like pizza, his cock and balls a scratched up, raw mess, mm mm. He was asleep, so I decided to wake him with a little oomp. The nearby table had all kinds of toys and tools, a supermarket of pain givers, had Ricky take a bent wire hanger, he would hook both ends into each of Bris nostrils, standing over the doggied fag, Ricky would force the slags head back, giving me access to his open mouth.

&nbsp; His eye was watery,confused, his mouth making sweet, pathetic grunts as his head was brutally yanked back, his nose all piggy pulled back, I got the vise grips locked onto his front tooth, without any drama I yanked the fuck out, roots and all, the blood flowed, he screeched, Ricky smiled, yanked the fags head so hard his nostrils tore, so cool, me and Ricky kissed crazy, both bursting with lust, how we longed to hurt the cry baby pleading his lost cause, fool, just take your due, explained to Brianna what went wrong, how Ricky was every thing he was not, Bris begs so humorous, had Ricky tear up Bris ass with the hanger, mm mm, Ricky was a cruel boy, making sure he got Bris swinging ball bag, forcing some stinky blood dyed piss out of Bris broke body. Bris asshole had fallen out again, it stank, jesus, he was gross.

&nbsp; Ricky noticed it, the cheap plastic ring I had slipped on Bris finger, representing our supposed engagement, it pissed me off, represented my bad judgement in picking Bri. Well it would not come off, and being the ambitious sort, things had to happen. The sheet metal shears had looked out of place, not any more as I snipped Bris ring finger off, his eye bugged out, Ricky spit in it, as we both examined his digit, Ricky removing the band, placing it on is dainty finger, his smile a million watts, my heart beating for my lover only, his look of uncertainty, my deep kiss, told him loud, he was my wife, Bris loud sobs our song for sure, we proceeded to use our fists to beat Bri stupid, lots of face shots, Ricky stuck the severed digit in Bris open eye socket, told him calmly, how he hated him, dreamed of the day he would get revenge, here it is, as he gave Bri a final insult, how sexy he looked, his little wee wee filling Bris empty socket with urine, how the socket looked like some exotic drink with the finger sticking out like a stalk of celery. We each took a nut and held with one hand, punched with the other, his piss dripping, shit stew flowing out his hanging anus, his words confused, pathetic begs, Bri was slipping into madness, going dumb, good.

&nbsp; On Bris scarred back I found an unblemished spot, took a large knife and precisely carved me and Rickys initials inside a heart, with an arrow, then smeared salt over the raw flesh, his scream sexy loud, his body shaking with pain, told Bri that was it, his life was winding down, when we saw him tonight, it would be to eat him, he was gross, had no feelings for him, just disgusted at his failures, as I hugged Ricky, felt the way his little hands rubbed my back, softly telling me he loved me, that was the difference, Ricky showed his love for me naturally, where as Bri had been all phoney drama, glad I righted this wrong, squeezed Rickys superb little butt, told him we had things to do, places to go, we were gone, hearing Bris sad sobs as we left so fullfilling, never fuck with me.

&nbsp; Rustled up clothes for Ricky, took him snow mobiling, his little arms around my waist, his excited yells as I gunned the machine down the old logging road, the cold wind enlivening my senses, the power of the machine sexy, speed was always sexy. I stopped at a small waterfall, the icicles so cool, we each sucked one like popsicles, how sexy his boy face, all red from the cold, his snots running, I licked them up, his delight in my kinkiness, when I blew my nose into my hands, showed him the thick snot pile, he licked it up with out hesitation, his sexy kitten tongue licking his full lips, he thanked me for spending time with him, my little gentleman, he got many kisses for that, his sighs, little ungloved hand resting on my crotch, we did it, fucked in the cold, took him over the still warm sled seat, his pussy miking me crazy, his soft words of endearment for me, my promise, to swap his plasric ring for a real ring, his sadness, did not want to wait till eighteen, wanted to be my wife now, so cute, so earnest, my little frustrated man.

&nbsp; Explained the complicated world of up tight fags who set rules to limit others freedoms, that we would mock get married, more important we would live as man and wife, at eighteen he would become my real wife, for ever, his sigh complete, little head resting on my shoulder, my baby. He was a natural with a gun, though the shotgun dropped him at first, he got it, baby could hunt, his joy at pleasing me nice, his want to be me flattering, none of it forced, we had found each other, kindred souls. Without realizing it we had spent the day outdoors, fucking and shooting, his company easy, his words few, when he spoke it was sensible and well thought out, he didn't brag on himself or wallow in pity, he was a well adjusted sociopath, like me, content in his wants, we both agreed we needed each other, he brought me real joy and comfort, I gave him security and love, something he longed for all his short life, that we gave these gifts without trying was our secret, we fit each others needs as if born to it, and perhaps we were.

 We were anxious to get to the barn, wanted a few more minutes of tormenting Bri, had to make sure he died knowing I found my one true love, wanted to watch Ricky play with Bri, or the Mexican, just loved to watch Ricky do his thing, a real mini-me he was, see he was born with many of the same nuances as me, quiet and reserved, but ever on defense, now he would ape me complete, become me,mm mm. Seeing that barn come into view sweet, that building contained big fun, but first we headed to our cabin, wanted to shower for the coming festivities. As always our shower was a loving thing, lots of tenderness, hugs, kisses, lovers words, how magic hot and smooth his young flesh, how deep our thing, we dried each other, how sexy his red skin, his sexy tits so squeaky clean, he loved to clean my body, on his little knees he scrubbed my toes, my legs, my privates, his eyes focused, his sexy little tongue protruding from his full lips, the picture of concentration, he cleaned me like it mattered, and it fuck did, it cemented my love for him, ad I looked down at his bald head, I felt waves of contentment, this was all meant to be.


&nbsp; He looked sexy in the short denim button up dress, it just covered his ass, his legs covered in seamed black silk thigh highs, he wore his soft pink three inch heeled slippers, My call, did not want his sexy, tiny feet to suffer anymore, I did adore his feet, they were baby feet, tasty, pink flesh, he loved my attending his feet, told me, softly of course, that it made his heart go fast, Ricky was so much older than his years, yet for all his bad experiences, he was mellow and calm, except when pushed, then, like me he attacked. He told me some of the guys had him wear a wig when they rutted him, he tried on several, my decision, he would be bald till his natural hair grew back, his smile, he hated the fake hair, like he hated his boobs, how they interfered with his life, like carrying two turkeys on his chest, I cheered his honesty, loved his descriptive words, told him his tits would be reduced soon, wanted him more normal, had places to go, wanted him with me, enough that he was committed to serving me, he did not have to be freaked out, his foot worship frenzied, my cock dripping juice, boy made me hunger for him, my kisses swamping him, all over I gave him loud wet lip smacks, his giggles like rays of sunshine, his mock seriousness, that I messed his painted face,he wanted to be pretty for me, that touched me hard, I spit in his sexy face, licked it off, the make up yucky tasting, he tried it, we agreed, Ricky was a natural girl from now on, no make up, he didn't need it, told him the deal, his face perfect, other than the scars from past tortures, just a light spray of Obsession, my fave, his skin to good tasting to cover with god knows what chemicles, my organic girl/boy.


&nbsp; I was proud to lead Ricky, on his leash dressed in his tight denim, tits pushing out of the unbuttoned top, his legs so smoking in the silk, as we entered the barn, told him he would be my partner tonight, I would pass it off as a way to further humiliate Brianna, show him what he lost, still felt like I should be harder on Ricky, but shit, he was so fuck adorable, and he wasn't a bullshitter, he did enjoy serving me, being my girl, he expressed no desire for girls, or for anyone at all, just me, thats pretty endearing. Still dug the easy ambiance in the cavernous room, ordered a drink from a tiny twink, his ass was perfect as he walked off to fill my order, Rickys eyes glued to the shaking flesh, my laugh, his blush, then smile, told him we would share some boy cunt later, he was pleased, quietly pleased, my well behaved boy.


&nbsp;&nbsp; He was perfect, when I sat down with Joe and Mary for a drink, Ricky knelt at my feet, eyes down, hands on his thighs, submissive defined, Marys wonder, how know one could break him, my smile, honey and vinegar, Ricky needed dominance, but deserved respect, he was not a throw away child, that formula worked for us, every master slave dynamc its own living thing. Joe was eager to get the blood flowing as he put it, they were going to snuff the Mexican as a way of getting everyone loose for Brianna, loved that everyone was keyed to work my ex, Ricky kissed my boots sweetly, his way of showing his happiness. Every time I looked down at him, patiently waiting, what all good slaves did ninety percent of the time, and that was where most got into bad habits, I would keep Ricky close at hand, he preferred this as well, his demeanor A+, folks giving me props for taming Ricky, my ego stroked nicely, giving him little carresses, his skin go hot, and I sheilded Ricky from any abuse, would not hurt him,other than OTK, would let him define his need for discipline, perferring to believe Ricky would figure out our relationship boundaries. I knew it was wimpy to be so protective, but this boy was making me very happy, see, Bri made me happy sex wise, I confused it with making me happy with life, had a good feeling Ricky would fill that, could see him fishing with me for hours, Bri would wander off, start skipping rocks, fuck with the fish, Ricky had that certain trait, either you dug fishing or you didn't.

&nbsp; There was a floor show put on by the staff, tonight several young girls horribly abused an older boy, maybe fifteen, Joe telling me the boy was a reject, turned out he had diabetes, the Farm tolerated no weak links, he would be tortured to death, then his body would be burned, thats hard core shit, even I considered that a bit much, hoped I didn't get a cold, my self giggle, at the thought of being drummed out because of sneezing, Rickys head turning, his eyes locking on mine his smile conspiratory, like he felt my thoughts or something, not spooky, deeper layers of our shit. I sat in a comfortable recliner, dark corner, Ricky in my lap, I stroked him all over, my cock buried in his pussy, just parked there, every nerve in my cock on fire, but I was content to stay still, little whispers as we watched the tiny girls, all in sexy black leather dom outfits, nipples and cunts exposed, beat the fag bloody, he was not a fighter, as he turtled, the girls formed a circle, enough space for the crowd to see, and the stomping started, the word spreading, watch the girls boots.

&nbsp; Ricky and I came together just from watching the girls boots spring lethal six inch double edged knives, it was cool, the way he was leaking blood all over, some of the little girls got their boots caught in the scereaming fag, the girls falling, slipping in the fags death puddle, adding to the show, everyone content to watch defect boy bleed out, the girls were being passed around, boots removed of course, they would be gangbanged hard, get them back into slave mode, these folks had a system. Kidding that I wanted to see one of those boots, Ricky slipped off my cock, gave it a sweet kiss, went and retrieved a boot, brought it to me, plopped onto my fatboy, yeah, that was atear at the corner of my eye, a true tear of joy. We chatted about how we would like to snuff someone, both of us agreeing the victim deserved a long ritualistic offing, Ricky wanted to see into the victims eyes as he died, he was an inquisitive youth, his desire to know if there was an afterlife, his sexy mind, I mean this kid had rarely gone to school, yet we was more learned, he loved to read, than most preteens or teens for that fuck matter, my brainy boy.

 Finally the fag bled out, three tiny slaves, had to be seven or eight years at teh most, wearing gloves and masks, sexy little nurses, the Farms Bio clean up crew, good riddance to bad rubbish, as the lights came up, show time, Bob announcing that Brianna would be chatged first, them teh Mexican woul dbe savaged, followed by Bris sentence being executed, the way he said teh word made my cock twitch.&nbsp; Bri was led in, staggering, by several Masters, apparently someone had tried to pretty him up, it didn't take, he was gruesome, his eye socket was dripping green puss, his body a quilt of scars, cuts, welts, and burns, a finger gone, teeth missing, cock ripped raw, poor baby, he turned my stomach, fag. Decided to sit down front, leading Ricky my his leash, I was pretty focused on getting to my seat, saw the blur coming from my side, then a shape from behind crashed into the first shape, then all hell broke loose.

&nbsp; Turned out Bri grew a set, tried to attack me, getting loose from his holders, picking up a nearby knife he had lunged at me, Ricky, my Ricky intercepted him, paid a price, the knife getting him in his right tit, a deep cut, the blade still impaled in his flesh, my poor baby, my love, I was both horrified and enraged, wanted to destroy Bri.&nbsp; Seemed others had already chained his fag ass to a wall. I cradled Ricky, his pain obvious, but he didn't cry, seek pity, he asked me if I was all right, the other owners amazed,the level of Rickys devotion to me a living thing, several doctors in the room, turned out that the blade speared his implant, it would have to be removed pronto, they would remove both his implants, remove the excess skin, sew up the knife wound,lessen his freak oversized nipples, Ricky would be fine, how I held him, kissed him deeply, told him we were for ever together, did not care if the others witnessed my love, the docs urgency, better to get it done before an infection, our eyes locked, his smile, slight nod, his way of saying he loved me, like I didn't no that shit, felt my body trembling when they wheeled him to an operating room down the cellar, my eyes falling my baby as he disappeared from view, like the world was on my shoulders.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisa telling me they performed major surgeries here all the time, they had modified Ricky, he was in good hands, the surgeons world class, Bobs sneer, so wasn't Brianna in good hands, as the crowd surged towards him, I stopped them, told them it was personal, he attacked me, he attacked and hurt my property, my verdict, he be held in solitary confinement, would be executed before the full house when everyone met for New Years week, that idea was met with approval, everyone digging&nbsp; that the other slaves would see what insolence brings, and like that the coward was led away, he would be locked in a bare metal walled and floored room, coffee can for a toilet, bread and water his diet, twenty four hour surveliance so he couldn't cheat us by suicide, he had three weeks to think of his foolishness, It also guaranteed my presence at the Winter Ball Week, nice win win for me, though I was still stoked for revenge, Lisa suggesting we all crush the Mexican, that would work.


&nbsp;&nbsp; He looked frightened, he should be, as he stood naked surrounded by a room full of lunatics, he was tiny as Ricky, but he was ugly, darkie, stinky ugly, he knew it, we knew it, his death deserved to be nasty, after all his life was. We got him chained hands over head, tiny feet barely touching the floor, everyone using bamboo canes to stripe him silly, blood flowing, skin flying, he was ripped up, his screams so sexy, when two guys pulled teh skanks legs up and apart, everyone jockeyed for a shot at caning his clit and pussy, his sewn on lips torn and bloodied, his piss flowing in spurts, his farts loud and wet, fag was losing control of his body. Lisa and several other ladies broke out rubber gloves and bottles of tabasco sauce, she laughed, the Mex needed some spicing, how his body spasmed across the floor, his huge tits flopping around comically, he left a blood trail, like a slug, we all pissed him good, he lay there weeping, speaking gibberish, looking so sexy all bloodied.

&nbsp; Well I was horny, so I plowed Lisa on one of the divans, her cunt hot and wet, her moans piggy, I hurt her tits good, she looked excited, like she wanted abuse, we shall see someday. Bob knew his shit as they decided to impale the darkie, how sharp the solid stainless steel bar looked, it was ten feet tall, two inches round, that was fuck lethal. How wide the Mexs eyes got as they easily picked him up, they were on a raised dais, held his waif body over the lethal metal tip and as everyone cheered they yanked his little legs down hard, the tip driving through his colon, up through his stomach, tore through his right lung, and exited through his right shoulder, sweet, he was impaled and alive, neat trick that.

 As he would not survive long, we got down to it, his torso next to the dining table, we hacked off pieces of his body, cooked them over the charcoals, ate his spicey meat in front of his quite mad eyes. Lisa opened his skin where his balls were hidden, yanked them out, and with no fanfare snipped them off, loved her ruthlessness, after she fried them she shared one with me, sweet tasting, like a whole belly clam, mm mm. Stinky finally gave it up, how silly he looked, eyes staring ahead, pieces of his body hacked off, good riddance to a dirty, stinkty loser.


&nbsp; My company was amusing, interesting, but I wanted to see Ricky, felt like I belonged by his side, so I excused my self from the fun, they were gang fucking several tiny boys, they looked six at the most, how they wailed as the adult cocks and dilodos tore them up, sucks being in love. The doctors had finished with him, he was sleeping, the soft red light making him glow, the beeps and whirs from his medical devises imtimidating, how tiny he looked, how innocent, I kissed his fevered brow, pulled his blanket over his body, careful to avoid his bandaged chest. Just sat there willing my fun boy to make it, praying to fuck knows who, just give me my baby back, realized finally what true love was, it was this, feeling as if I was in that bed, like it was I who had been stuck, how as one we had become, so fast, like a fuck streaking meteor. 

&nbsp; Lot of shit went through my mind as I sat in that uncomfortable chair, but I did sleep, head back, neck stiff, back out of sorts, woke all fuck sore and out of sorts, in a mood as they say. The beeps alerted me to my surroundings, my physical pain disregarded, only had feelings for Ricky, was he all right, did he need anything, my purpose plain, my baby needed me. He startled me, his sexy, smoking brown love orbs were observing me, his smile growing, his face so fuck beautiful, my heart on fire for him. His words hoarse, I lowered my ear to his mouth, his warm, stink breath making me shiver with good will, his thirst, I gently let him sip water, kissed his brow repeatedly, told him my worry, my love, his eyes sparkled, his soft voice enthralled me, he thanked me for being here, he had woke this morning in pain and confused, saw me and knew he was all right, that I gave him that security, oh my, best feeling of all. I crawled gently into bed with him, and snuggled him, soft kisses for my hero, told him I adored him, would always take care of him, his reply, he would take care of me, my tears of happiness, my kisses on fire with love for my baby protector, we both fell asleep entwined, my arm softly clutching, suddenly, the most important person in my life, go figure.
 










 In The Hole&nbsp; Chap 7
&nbsp; by roccodadom44
&nbsp; roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



&nbsp; an original story by roccodadom44


 WARNING all my stories contain underaged, scat, snuff, gay, please consider this before entering my fantasies........peace........rocco


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "These violent delights have violent ends"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Shakespeare&nbsp; Romeo and Juliet

&nbsp; 
&nbsp; Funny, I had longed so much to get to the Farm, now I just wanted to take Ricky home, nurse him back to his energetic self, how strong he was, the doctors amazed at his will to get out of bed, they let me take him early, me agreeing to the visiting nurse, their own nurse who wouldn't question things, how the nurses fawned over my little man, the other owners had showered Ricky in praise, dozens of bouquets of roses, he never hammed it up, just that dreamy shy smile. How good a patient he was, sitting up in his bed, playing Xbox, how dreamy he looked all concentrating, his cutie nose wrinkled sexy, when he moved a certain way the quick grimace of pain, then he fought through it, my sexy, fighter boy, he wasn't a whiner. He walked farther each day, pushing his sexy little legs hard, his wounds pink with healing flesh, told him how sexy his boy chest looked, his pecs so tight, his nipples little berries of promise, my kisses feeling his hot scar tissue, his thanks for removing his tits, my chuckle, he saved my life, I would&nbsp; move mountains for him not just big tits, his giggle, just wanted to be my wife, that was in the works, my plan to blow Ricky away at the Winter Ball, marry him in front of everyone, right before we executed Bri, would even get Ricky a sexy wedding gown, better still, I would surprise him with a honeymoon at Disney World, any boy brides fantasy honeymoon.



&nbsp;&nbsp; As Christmas approached I split my time between training Carlene, my ten year old slave, and nursing Ricky back to health, his vitality returning, we were back to fucking, slowly, me not wanting to hurt him, his sphincter milking me, better than any pussy, the best piece of ass, my fiance, he giggled at being called that, I tickled him a little, his breath still short, we cuddled, decided it was time, produced the ring I bought him, three carats, platinum, a bit gaudy, but Ricky deserved big baubles for being my wifey, asked him to marry me, his smile alive, real, he cried, hugged me sweet, his kiss so electric, sensual, my hot wife. Told him my plans, he was all grins at Disney, that we would then winter in the Keys, his excitement at my promise to take him through the Everglades, deep sea fishing, the perfect wife, shared my passions.


&nbsp; Left Ricky to ride his stationary bike, I wanted his legs and butt firm, as I went to work with Carlene, a slow girl, but she was willing, after a few heavy whippings she understood I was tough but fair, as she adapted, learned her role, I eased up on her, my desire to have a well mannered household slave outweighing my need for blood, that was the ultimate beauty of the Farm, the apparent endless supply of flesh, allowed me to treat my personal slaves better, get my blood lust at the Farm, not that I hadn't work Carlene hard, I had, but she was slow but precise, quiet and easily cheered, a little praise and she shook with happiness. Found her cleaning my ATV in the garage, I had gone hunting earlier, really missed having Ricky with me, my hunting buddy, she was thorough, intent on making my toy shine, giving me&nbsp; a sweet show, her fresh young body twisting and turning as she cleaned the muddy vehicle, how enticing her cunt, how it hugged my cock, how she squirmed when I rutted her, how her ass made delightful farts when I ass banged her, her tears real, I would hold her up by her nipples as I power drove her tiny butt hole, her yelps heavy, my load crazy, great piece of ass, but after, blah, she bored me, I wanted my Ricky.


&nbsp; Carlene was fun to teach in the kitchen, even Ricky enjoying her wide eyed innocence, she would fall for any gag, her want to believe endearing, Rickys fondness for her appealing, gave him an outlet for his boundless affection, got Carlene to work harder to please us, a well run home is a happy home, my philosophy. We would tickle her till she peed, her body sweaty from her giggle fits, her face all red, breath ragged, then we would massage her till she panted with pleasure, then we passed her back and forth, across our laps we would spank her tiny, perfect round butt, then we tenderly licked her all over, a thousand kisses on her elven body, her squeals of joy, her young cunt was soaking, she was trained to get wet at any happy feelings, this pampering was sending her into fits of orgasms, her tiny cunny was visibly quivering, Ricky fascinated by the female cunt, his looking around, sniffing, tasting, he dug the freshness, I told him the truth, once she bled, it would never taste as sweet again, cunt aged fast, that was just fact.


&nbsp; It really was tranquil on the home front, the place spotless, Ricky helping Carlene, their bond strong, looked like Carlene was sticking around, I mean for ten she was something, her cooking stunning, she and Ricky spending hours creating gourmet meals, their quiet chatter like soft relaxing music, would peek in at them time to time, how sexy they were, naked, flour on their nubile bodies here and there, their tenderness to each other sexy, my two girls, best friends forever, funny how shit kept getting wilder, alone Carlene bored me, but Ricky brought out a lot of surpeises from Carlene, girl was deeper than I thought. The sex between the three of us so intense, so expressive, lot of touching, giggling, kisses thrown around like breaths of air, hours of over the top stimulation, how we all loved to grope each other, a sexy pile of squirming flesh, erupting with volcanic orgasms, leaving us all spent, gasping for air, all connected, our strange little family.

 It was Rickys idea, he threw it out like he always did, quietly with out emphasis, you either listened or not, I did, knew little Ricky had great ideas. I was bemoaning what to do with Carlene while we went to the Farm and then our extended honeymoon, couldn't leave Carlene alone that long, besides she was sleeping in bed with us most nights, Rickys acceptance nice, He loved to eat her cunt, have her eat him, watching their young bodies entangle in lust was so wow. Ricky suggested I marry Carlene also, I laughed, told him it was illegal to marry two people, he was a to the point bastard, his sweet come back, he was pretty sure it was illegal to marry a twelve year old boy, his clever humor, except in West Virginia. Bingo, he had me, as expected Carlene was thrilled, both of them dancing around, humming here comes the bride, my silly fiances, told Carlene I would get her a matching ring, like Rickys, she did a nice thing, got on her knees, kissed my feet, looked up into my eyes, told me, in her little girl serious voice, she would kill for me, I got her up, much hugs, lot of kisses, it was crazy, but I figured I would be the hit of the Winter Ball, me and my wives, that had a nice ring to it.


&nbsp; Christmas turned into an amazing day, it started sweetly enough, I spoiled them with gifts, Mp3 players, computers, jewelry, perfume, sexy clothes, lots of clothes for my wives, even matching bikinis for Florida, how sweetly they accepted them, they did not get vulgar as kids tended to do when overexcited, when I had given them their gifts, they both approached me, shyly they got me out of my chair, sensually stripped me of my robe, used their tiny tongues to lick every inch of my body, ending up both sucking my cock, their passion, their love evident, their spit running thick, my cock coated in preteen saliva, I painted their happy faces, the way they licked each others face clean, played sperm swap sloppily, my sexy wives to be. When they gave me the card they made, a home made card professing their worship, their word, of me, how that meant more than anything, we were becoming as one, cementing our thing.


&nbsp; I got the kids matching snow machines, both winter camouflage, they wanted to use them, their enthusiasm infectious, but as I scanned the weather channels, there was snow coming later today, flurries now. Lot of emergency calls on the scanner, cars and trucks skidding out, one was near our place, several cars invovled, the radio fag warning people to drive slow, oh, we would listen to some fag never made it radio jock, right. They wore me down, with gentle persuasion, my ass, they put on a dance routine, like two strippers, really getting into teasing me, trying to throw sexy looks at me and not bust up laughing sweet, when Carlene sat on Rickys legs, so their cunts were one above the other, the way they flexed their fuck holes, how could I resist them, I broke, they cheered, sucked my toes sloppy, their hugs genuine for me, we all scampered to dress for the elements, we only had so much daylight up here, wanted to let them run their machines, let them be kids, my belief, it made them more committed to me, bearing bushels of new fruit, my mistake with Bri was he was inferior, was always destined to fail, like building a house on a defective foundation, pretty it up all you want, it will always be a fuck problem.


&nbsp;&nbsp; They looked sexy in their shiny tight snow suits, we were all winter camouflaged, they each wore lethal twelve inch bowie knives on their legs, like swords on their tiny gams, such sexy girls, had shotguns over their shoulders, my warriors.&nbsp; Carlene a natural, once around the compound she was off, apparently she only had one speed, sexy fast,&nbsp; Ricky and I chasing her down the trail, sexy daring girl. We were having a blast, they loved the woods, we saw several deer, then Ricky saw him, wow, my little scout, there was a guy sitting on a boulder, about two hunded yards across a hay field, we silence the machines, quickly got into the winter grass, tall enough to conceal us, we duck walked closer, my binoculars zeroing in on our boy, he was older, maybe seventies, bleeding from his head, looked confused, I got it, the accident nearby, he must of got whacked, stumbled away in a daze, you never know, sometimes the Gods deliver.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The snow was coming down in a burst, it was suppose to snow heavy quick, then ease up till later, his tracks would be covered soon, my babies needed some blood letting, I needed to stomp someone, perfect storm, a dazed, weak prey for my babies to practice their killing techniques on, they were giddy, their little faces shiny with excitement, had to get them serious, people tended to fight hard when their life was threatened, wanted them prepared for any thing, knew Ricky was a tiger, but my cautions needed, we all hugged, their heat reaching me through our suits, our power strong, we came at him from three ways.


&nbsp; First Carlene approached the guy, she looked harmless, her knife behind her back, I had her gun, did not need Carlene shooting me or Ricky by accident, also created a difference, Ricky had his shotgun, as I knew he was a stone cold killer, he was One, Carlene was One A, though she effortlessly had Ricky wrapped around her sexy finger, and not sexually, Ricky treated her as his little sister, and like all baby sisters she knew she could charm Ricky silly, thing is, Carlene did not over do it, as she looked up to Ricky with more than a little hero worship, telling me how Ricky had fought back, all the slaves wishing they had that fight in them, silent Ricky was a special boy, how proud I was of him, watching him cover Carlene, how steady his weapon, he would not fail, I got within feet of the oblivious moron, he was telling Carlene he parked his car somewhere but he could not find it, she was stiffling a giggle, looking so innocent, I gave her a nod, she read it right, with calm speed she brought the heavy Bowie down on the slow to react fool, the blade entering his upper left chest, a good six inches buried in him, his scream a bit faggy for my taste, I drove my foot through his back, he exited his seat, landed face first in the snow, the knife further driven into his chest, Ricky got his turn, driving his Bowie through the guys out stretched right hand, splitting his palm open, again the fag shreiked, I kicked his teeth in, the kids picking his spit out broken teeth, they were primed, giggling that the tooth fairy would give them cash, my thinking it cute till I put two and two together, this was gonna cost me money, oh well, it was worth it, to share this Holiday moment, this was what it was all about.


&nbsp; We dragged the whiner into the woods, his body light, old bag of bones, his moans funny, he sounded like a tug boat tooting its air horn, the kids teasing him, we all stripped him quick, it was gross, his body all saggy, he had a piss bag, the catherer running from his shriveled pecker to the bag on his hip, the kids giggling, did he save his piss, they thought it silly, I clued them in, granny was a disease carrier, Ricky kicked his ribs good, as if to punish the crying ancient fag. Carlene, being the baby, wanted her knife back, claimed the fag would not give it back, my mock rage, landing fist bombs on the loser, I screamed him to his feet, ordered him to give my wife her knive back, the kids glowing with joy, the bleeder trying to get his confused mind around the fact that tiny Carlene was my wife, figured if he tried to process that so was Ricky, his dull brain would explode.

&nbsp; He tried to remove the blade, his pain sweet, Ricky pointing out his urine tube was getting red, we all cheered, he cried some more, baby. I violently got Carlenes knife free, wiping the blood on the strangers discarded clothes, before handing it to my princess, she thanked me, looked ready to cum, Ricky beside her, swore his mouth was drooling, my girls wanted to butcher the coward sniveling in front of us, I was content to let them play, time to let my girls create, they hesitated as I sat nearby, circling the old man, he was turning, begging, threatening, when he told them they would go to hell, Rickys anger, his words bittersweet, they had already been to hell, this was their heaven, and he attacked, all young arms whirlwinding, the knife catching Gramps on his right arm, nice slice, but the old guy landed a nice fist to Rickys shoulder, tried to get his spaghetti arms around my lover, fuck yeah, Carlene was a whirling dirvish, landing on the geezers back, her tiny hand thrusting the sharp blade down on his turkey neck, opening several sexy cuts, the loser let go of Ricky, tried to get the crazy girl off his back, and of course, Ricky got his turn, driving his blade through the old mans left foot, pinning him there, while the guy cried, Ricky took Carlenes blade, and while the old man hopped to avoid his right foot being pegged, the kids giggling, he looked funny bouncing, like an ugly rabbit, finally Ricky landed his blade through the guys foot, he was secure, Gramps was stuck in place, his pain sweet, he was saying a prayer, the Our Father, the kids pretending to bless him, Rickys harsh words, there was no god, only evil, I think his sincerity hurt the old man more than their knives did, shattering his last vestige of sanity, this violent little boy telling him what he always knew to be the truth, you lived, you died, no mas. I never loved anyone more than I loved Ricky at that moment, he would not be a victim, his strength quite erotic, my super hero, he was more mature tham most adults, that is fact, I egged him on, my cock out, dripping fun, Carlenes little hand stroking me, her eyes alive, her words of encouragement for Ricky sweet, he got down to it.

 While Carlene sat on my cock, amazing that she just sat her ten year old cunt on my fat nine inch cock, like it was all so natural, and it was, the old mans look of part lust and disgust classic, how good it felt to be in this tiny girls perfect cunt, her bouncing up and down, cheering Ricky, she was in her element, my sexy baby. Ricky used a freshly torn, thin green branch to tear the geeezer up, switching him sexy, the stripes leaving thin red lines on the flabby white skin, he was in a frenzy, Ricky whipped so hard he cut the guys urine tube, the piss running down the fags legs, finally the guy fell back, his ass in the snow, his feet still knifed to the frozen ground, Ricky pissed on the surprised clown, his sad face, Carlene kidding, he looked like a muppet, told her to see if he was full of sand like the the real muppets, the noise of her cunt releasing my cock so erotic, that wet plop sound like no other, my cum load running down her tiny thighs as she raced to have her fun, her little ass so delightful to watch, youth was so sexy, I did worry about her catching a cold, so there, I had ample parenting skills.


 Well, Carlene could follow orders, as she started stabbing the feebled man all over, his hands ineffectually waving her off, his body spurting blood all over, with Rickys help, they cut his cock and balls off, Ricky placing them on the guys head, they sing songed that he was a dickhead, so cute they were, dancing around the loser like savage red skins, ordered Carlene to put her snow pants on, her sexy bum turning blue from the cold, his eyes gone insane, told the kids time to punch his clock, had them saw his head off, they realized it took effort to head a guy with a knife, lesson, always have proper tools, an axe would of been nice, a chain saw better. Gramps was all used up, decided to leave his body for the critters, could hear wolves howling nearby as they scented the fresh blood, they would eat every bit of the stiff, food scarce this time of year. First had the kids stand with their feet on the corpse, both holding their guns, Ricky holding the severed, still dripping blood head, that had next year Xmas card written all over it as I took the picture of my sexy wifes and their first hunting trophy. We froze the head, and would later have the Farm preserve it, we were on our way to our own trophy room, the kids were tired, we were all tired, as we raced to the house, crawled into bed, no sex, just kisses, hugs, massages, we were all asleep by eight oclock, a perfect Christmas day.


&nbsp; How peaceful they were, their naked bodies cuddled together, their love obvious, that they got along so well was a blessing to me, made it all possible, covered my babies, and left them to their dreams, as I went to stoke the fire, get some tea in me and smoke a breakfast bong. Just looking at all the fresh snow outside, we got at least a foot, so peaceful, so calming. Looking at the kids presents still under the tree, thinking of all the happiness those two bundles of joy gave me, I was one contented guy, happy to call Ricky and Carlene my wives, proud to own them, their stunning violence a testament to my training, planned on unleashing them on Bri, had a special way to off Bri, a traitor if ever there was one, and as in old England traitors died hard, I would draw and quarter him, old school. Let the other slaves see the results of arrogance, let the other masters see my stark justice handed out, they would drool for my tiny sexy executioneers, but no way, my brides were mine, at least for the honeymoon.

&nbsp; Joe called told me I was welcome Friday, come for the weekend, when I relayed my intentions he was pumped, told me I was making a name for myself, they would do my wedding proud, a real to do, and drawing and quartering Bri would be a charming way to end his sad life, put some drama into the proceedings, he finished with the tease, I was to be nominated to the board of directors, a rare achievement for one so new to the Farm, his astonishment real, everyone was going to vote for me, my thanks, my joy, the kids coming down the stairs, looking so sexy, naked, their hair standing up, sleepy eyes, my words bringing joy to them, they danced, we were all talking at once, our excitement barely contained. Told them in a week we would be married, on our way to sunny FLA, more dancing, how sexy their young bodies bouncing with unrestrained joy, my cock trying to decide which perfect child body to point at, options are fun.

 I fucked them both, right on the floor, their little asses, side by side, I would rut one, then the other, sometimes hitting Carlenes cunt, sometimes her asshole, driving Rickys sexy butt hard, the way he dug it, both of them swapping spit, that I was the luckiest guy in the world never in doubt. We finished in a ball of spent flesh, all cuddles and gropes, their plans for Disney, they had printed out maps of the parks, planning our every step, my little planners, as long as I was getting plenty of their grade A pussy I would let them enjoy their honeymoon, the happiness they brought me worth loosening their reins, letting them enjoy their earned freedom, I did whip their sexy asses red, bright red, their tears real, how nice to see them both heading up the stairs to bed, holding their bright red bottoms, told them it would be nice to present them at the farm with well spanked butts, their lovemaing to me intense, they dug my firm ways, all kids needed a good ass whooping from time to time, even my perfect babies. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The week passed long, the kids enjoying their new presents, me enjoying their giving nature, they loved to fuck me, they even told me, most older people they had to fuck, did it to get along, but they loved me, wanted me, about as good as it gets. Finally Thursday night, it was tough falling asleep, we were all so excited about tomorrow, the possibilities endless, Rickys want to get at Bri cute, Carlene wanted to get a slave named Kerry, she had bullied my baby hard, the girl older than Carlene by five years, she was one of the maids, her only function to clean rooms, and amuse Dominants, and she thought she was special, promised Carlene she would have her revenge, her joy real, the way she snuck under the covers, got a lip lock on my cock, gave me an enthusiastic sucking, Ricky tickling her little exposed bottom, facing us, my arms wrapped around him, enjoying Carlenes hot mouth, Rickys hot flesh, saw no reason to ever leave this bed, then I did, wanted to see Bri done up right, I still carried that anger, only way to smother it was to even things with my former lover.

&nbsp; We were singing Christmas songs, the kids agreeing this was their first real one, made me feel very nice indeed, see, you could rule with honey, if you showed some violence now and then, I had paddled their little bottoms hard this morn, they would both be sporting bright red butts when they arrived at the Farm. We played word games in the car, Ricky was quick, Carlene not so much, her cute factor evening it out, the ease of traveling with two preteens simple, when they were homicidal sex slaves that is, their demeanor pleasant, knew when to stifle, like as we approached the Farm, they slipped their collars on, attached their leashes, stripped their clothes off, my submissive babies, praised their maturity, promised to make Florida extra special, their smiles big, how they willed themselves still, knew they wanted to explode with excitement, we all knew real slaves never got over emoted, to draw attention was to be unslave like. They got this, made it easier, that they could be their free selves at our home, I would give them that freedom, besides I loved to see them being themselves, how silly happy they were.


&nbsp;&nbsp; When we checked in things were different, many more people about, the check in counter crowded, I left the kids in the car, got my cabin, ordered us some chow, took two mints, sweets for my sweets. They sounded like two enthusiatic cocksuckers noisely sucking their mints, as we drove to our cabin, this time we were secluded, down by the river, the front desk preteen twink had told me it was considered the best location, when he wished me a beautiful wedding, mm mm, this was all so living a dream. Wow, we were in the woods, on a small piece of land jutting out into the swift moving river, trees surrounded the A frame cottage, this was private. They shivered as I unlocked the door, the cottage warm, the fire burning, fresh cut flowers every where, fruit basket, chocolates, top shelf champagne, the kicker, makeup bags for Ricky and Carlene, their names embroided on the bags, like little princesses comparing their gifts, their good moods smiling me, hard to be down surrounded by such sexuality, such youthful glee, their sexy bodies giving me such rushes of passion, never got bored leering at their taut, tiny yet to bud bods.



&nbsp; The burgers were good, we all wondered if we knew them, that getting us all on a giggle fest, we all ate large, telling them we would be getting plenty of exercise tonight, figured we would have lot of chances to abuse and debase, that took calories. The message from Bob, call him, my radar up, things to perfect, waiting for the catch, he eased me quick, everyone wanted to attend our wedding, they wanted to make it tomorrow night, then we could butcher Bri before the ceremony, he would be served at the wedding banquet, perfect, tonight there would be a special ceremony in the barn, folks loved their rituals, seemed a certain hubby had cheated on his wife, and to further seal his fate, he had told the cunt he was banging about the Farm, in general terms, but never the less she was asking questions. Bobs seriousness, they had grabbed&nbsp; the girlfriend, it was set up that they would die in a single engine craft, the hubby a weekend pilot, in reality the fuckers would be butchered tonight, a violent offing, over seventy people participating, all the slaves witnessing the brutality, another lesson for slackers and back sliders, these people were the tops, told Bob this, he agreed, pointed out I was in that class, my smile real, to be in this crowd had much fun upside.

&nbsp; They seemed to take forever in the oversized bathroom, but it was worth it, the two hottest preteens around, matching black silk cocktail dresses, way short, their cute butts almost on display, their stocking tops showing, matching three inch pink pumps, Carlenes hair done perfect adult slut, big hair, little hussey,she was adorable, Rickys growing hair slicked back, his sexy face right there, his lips like fresh fruit, you wanted to just chew on his plump lips, mm mm, handsome boy/girl. Their Obsession scent stroking me, Carlene doing Rickys lipstick, he hers, two girls, my wives, gave them hugs, told them we would have fun tonight, help butcher two adults, they were as if they were high, that glassy eyed look, their skin flush with the hint of blood to come. They dressed me, boosted me, telling me how handsome I was, how they loved me, would be the best wives ever, to be pampered by these angels, life is sweet.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gave them each a&nbsp; kiss before we entered the barn, told them to stay within themselves, they got it, could sense the open stares as we crossed the hall, Ricky and Carlene walking behind me, their leashes taut, their eyes down, perfect submission mode, my darlings, could feel the respect flowing my way, several tables beckoning me, I sat with Joe and Mary, they were familiar, wouldn't pester me with a million questions, I wanted to enjoy the carnage, maybe get in a few shots of my own, though Bri was still my main goal, how I wanted him gone, how I despised him, wanted his death to be gruesome, knew it would free me to enjoy my babies in peace, not haunted by the failure of Brianna.

&nbsp; They each sat on a knee, we were all together, our hands touching one another, while I chatted with Mary and Joe, the kids eyes taking in the slaves they knew or had worked with, I heard Carlenes angry whisper, she had spotted her one time antagonist, my laugh, Joes question, when he heard the details, the cunt called Kerry was beckoned before us, her look of fear, on her knees, Carlenes look of hate darling, Mary ordered Kerry cleaned up, left in our room secured, her coldness exciting, when we were done playing with the cunt, leave her outside the cottage, like a used service tray the staff would pick up, that is so erotic, Carlenes cheeks red with excitement, her and Ricky discussing things to do to Kerry, who had a nice fuck pig body for fifteen, the image playing in my head of Ricky and Carlene working her bloody was making my balls churn.

&nbsp; Decided it was time to work my babies, had them get under the table and eat Mary and Joe, Ricky sucking cock, Carlene dining on Marys fat hair pie, both of my friends ooh and ahhing to beat the band, my babies aimed to please. They brought them off together, Ricky sharing his mouthful of spunk with Carlene, they were blowing sperm bubbles, the crowd enthralled by their eroticism, the congrats to me many, I had hit the marriage lottery no doubt about it. There was a certain something in the air, everyone waiting for the main show to start, when Joe told me the hubby was in the crowd, unsuspecting of everyones knowledge, his slut was locked in a holding cell, would be brought in later, let the carnage begin

&nbsp; Whenever Lisa and Bob called me to the dais, Christ, I just wanted to play, not make speeches, but their informing of my position on the board of directors not to be sneezed at, I would have complete access to the compound, dreams are made of this, my speech was short to the point, about the level of slaves, how Ricky and Carlene had proved their worth, should be held up to every slave, if they had core values, absolute submission, they might find them selves in my babies place, the crowd hanging on my words like as if I was Hawkins explaining the universe. Imagine my surprise, imagine their surprise, when Ricky and Carlene, who was Lisa and Bobs birth cunt, were called up to the dais, Lisa admitting them as the first preteen members of the Farm, my babies aced their test, kneeling and kissing Bob and Lisas feet, then crawling to me, many kisses for my boots, their kneeling at my feet, so, so sexy, so, so submissive.

&nbsp; As they sat on my lap beaming, feeding me cheese and crackers, their little faces afire with well earned pride, I told them what it meant, they did not have to be leashed, could wear clothes, were not subject to anyones abuse but mine, they amused me by declaring, jointly, with youthful solemnity, they wanted to be my pets on leashes, each barking softly, doggy begging, my love for them high, lots of face kisses, their sighs, giggles so sexy. Rickys soft words, they needed my dominance, I agreed, but I pointed out, I would not humiliate them in public without just cause, we agreed it was a deal, we all got stoked as the lights flicked off and on, show time, some unsuspecting bastard was getting his clock punched,mm mm.


&nbsp; Wow, it was awesome, how they had announced they had a mystery victim, the slag had a leather mask over her face, her body covered in a loose hanging robe, she was restrained by her wrists, cuffed to poles at her side, cunt was not going any where. The MC, a sexy mid thirties guy, if you liked Botoxed, pretty boy fags, played it up for all it was worth, pretending to draw a couples name from a hat at random, that couple would unveil the slaves identity, and of course the couple would be the loose lipped hubby and his all knowing soon to be avenged widow, who was pulling off an Academy Awards performance, leading hubby by the hand, as if it was The Price Is Right, our heads were all together, our running commentary witty and dark, befitting the coming blood shed, both their small hands rubbing my hardening wood, Rickys delicate fingers freeing my monster, both of them kissing it with love, their joint words, they loved me, hoped they made me happy, told them the truth, any happier and I would surely burst. Got them on my lap again, wanted to watch the fun with them, enjoyed their sweet faces so close to mine, their words so funny, their breath so sweet smelling, they thought it was all a hoot, and it was.


&nbsp; His look priceless as hubby figured it out, his dull brain a bit slow, his attempt at fleeing lame, Bob getting him with the stun gun, the fag shaking his shit on the floor, his girl friend screaming, his wife looking like she was minutes from a very satisfying cum, and I was sure she was. They got hubby up, chained him next to the girlfriend, partners in crime, they looked like they wanted nothing to do with each other, so much the better. Bob reading the charges, hubby had violated the morals clause, to wit, cheating on his wife, punishable by exile, but the charge of devulging Farm secrets was death, torturous death, and Bob thundered that the charges were fact, hubby blubbering that the cunt was lying, his part time cunt screaming she could prove he told her shit, revealing serious shit she had no way of knowing, Bobs head sagged, loved Ricky rubbing his little hands together in delight as he followed the passion play, Carlene was lost, I explained his crimes, her anger, he could of ruined all of this, she was brighter than I assumed, gave her a wiggly mouth tonguing, her giggles sweet, we, along with everyone else awaited his fate, as the girl friend was sentenced first.


&nbsp; Bob called out the hubbys kids, two slave boys, fourteen and fifteen, they were Farm laborers, in shape, loyal to their Mom, this could be sweet, The sons raped the girl friend, everyone cheering them on, their Mom using a lighter to burn the cunts tits, verbally trash her rival, the boys gave her a nice hard rutting, leaving her naked, used, sobbing, good. She was strung back up, Bobs verdict, the cunt would be given to the slaves as a New Years Eve gift, a tradition at the Farm was to allow the slaves to butcher a victim as a gift for services rendered. First the offended wife was allowed to carve a large A in the cunts forehead, her angry spit coating the sobbing cheaters bloody puss, her sons landing barrages of fists to their moms enemys exposed tits and belly. 


&nbsp; The cunt was left to ponder her moral failures, everyone wanted at the hubby, he was getting everyones best, he was physically shaking, begging like a fag, calling his wifes name, his sons, they attacked him, their anger boiling over, his fear visible, the sons all fists and boots, their fag dad catching years of compressed rage, their mom cheering them, jumping up and down, her spectacular breasts giving everyone a flop demonstration of epic proportions, why would anyone toss away a sweet piece of ass like this bouncy pig,what a tool this loser was, he was turtled to his sons, they were stomping him bloody, Bob halting them, chuckling to leave some for the others, telling the boys everyone hates their father, he was the lowest form of life, they agreed, their faces angry sneers, mm mm. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Hubby was led by his collar, made to kneel at everyones feet, the spit covering him, the words hard, no sense pretending, everyone hated a blabber mouth. Ricky and Carlene were debating just deserts for the loosed lipped fag, I was rubbing their tender bellies, just taking it all in, Carlene wanting hubbys junk cut off and fed to the girlfriend, Ricky wanted the hubbys secret telling tongue removed, my babies had Supreme Court wisdom, of that there is no doubt, and that was how it played out. Someone suggesting I decide his fate, my soft finger snaps, like it was below me, my babies front and center, dazzling in their matching cocktail dresses, Carlenes cold words, remove his junk, give the slag what she thought she wanted, the crowd erupted with raucous shouts of agreement, Ricky simply moving towards the front of the dais silenced the crowd, my girls owned these sophisticated folks, his soft, sexy drawl, slow and harsh, his tongue must go, let everyone know secret tellers go dumb, the noise was like a wave of joy, hard core Masters, who viewed preteens as nothing more than meat, were lining up to shake my girls hands, my cock was bursting, but for once my heart was bigger than my nine inch club, for I was filled with pride, our world, the trinity, never divided.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Ricky got the offending tongue, using locking forceps, several Masters assisting him, treating him with real respect, their kisses tender, he was one of them, the way he ripped it off, waved it over his head, his voice loud, clear, never, ever tell tales out of school, my girl was dreamy, Carlenes pretty face full of devotion for Ricky, he smeared the tongue in the girlfriends horrified face, her over the top disgust to be taken advantage of, one of the guys sticking the tongue up her pussy, then stuffing it up her fat asshole, leaving it there, her begs useless, comical how she shook her fat ass trying to dislodge hubbys tongue, no mercy in this court. The noises coming from hubby quite entertaining, the MC pretending to converse with him, the blood spewing from his pie hole, Mc holding the mike to the girlfriends ass, quite amusing.&nbsp; Ricky back in my lap best of all, my kisses deep, my words all praise, telling him he was close to his owning horse, a dream of his. Carlenes turn, telling me she was going to earn a whole fucking stable of horses, my heart beating love fast, she headed for her victim, Ricky slipped his glorious pussy onto my cock, his little left hand behind my neck, his kisses continuous, just because he moans softly to me, we are drawn like moths to light, Carlene, tiny Goddess, commanded the room.



 She was born to preach, her body pacing before the sobbing hubby, her words righteous, her moral indignation raging, her face red with passion, the crowd under her spell, she had everyone line up, he was kneed in his balls by everyone, even available slaves, who were allowed to spit in his face, a rare occurance indeed, her religious imagary stunning, telling us to help stamp the evil out of his groin. He was out, his head hanging, spit drooling fool, one of the doctors blasting him with an adrendelin shot, didn't want him to miss his own funeral, they left him on the floor, Carlene standing over him, preaching for him to repent, her piss baptizing him, her words soothing, lulling, she would free his burden, remove his guilt, she bid him to his knees, her tiny soft hand steadied him, patted him like he was a little boy, the back light making her appear to be glowing with wisdom, gave him the knife, the gasps audible, everyone on edge at her daring, she asked him to remove the offending member, he fuck did it, staring into Carlenes glowing eyes, the fag cut his johnson loose, knelt there dazed, bloody member in his right hand, Carlene swiftly removing the blade from his other, my girl was quick, strike my slow girl snides, Carlene was hot stuff.


&nbsp; My baby was not done, calling the wife up, together they opened his battered ball bag, and snipped his bruised balls, and yeah, they made his girl friend eat his raw balls, her vomit earning her a full body caning, leaving her covered in bloody streaks, she was taken away before she was snuffed. We all ridiculed hubby as he bled out, his sons using his wife to their content, she was loving it, telling her dying husband he never made her feel like this, what a way to go, and yet the fuck deserved it, his death gurgle a welcome sound, sick of his sucking air, what an unsavory figure, blabbing on your peers was low down shit for sure. Surely I had the sexiest, hardest preteen slaves ever, could feel the mixtue of awe and respect for us, told my babes we were out of here, had no desire to eat hubby, he was inferior meat, more that I knew my babies needed more violence, that a fifteen year old cunt, Kerry, was waiting us at the cottage spurred me on, wanted to see the kids get down with her, could be a nice little blood letting.


&nbsp; Lisa grabbed me before we got away, our day was planned tomorrow, my brides to be would spend the day with the ladies being pampered, the whole spa deal, I would go hunting with Bob and Joe, my final boys night out so to speak. Bri would be executed before the wedding, his carcass cooking while we were married, we could live with that. My babes were all excited about having a spa day, Rickys want to be beautiful on his wedding day so cute, Carlenes giggle, they were going to be the two sexiest brides ever, my smile moronic long, could not wait to see them in their bridal gowns, to go through the whole rite, sure it was a farce, but it wasn't, for we would live as man and two wives, that would be our family unit. My tease, we would be in Disney in two days, how they looked ready to burst with happiness, they had taken to holding hands whenever they walked, as if they were a pair, and they were, realized how right this was, my girls were happy, well adjusted kids, you would not see them whiney and slacking, they treated life serious, but knew how to have fun, perfect wives to be were they.









 In The Hole&nbsp; Chap 8
 by roccodadom44
 roccodadom6969@yahoo.com


&nbsp; an original work by roccodadom44


 WARNING&nbsp; my tales all involve underaged, snuff, scat, gay, and worse so please decide if this suits you.........peace....rocco


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Before we entered our cottage, I had laid out a plan for playing with Kerry, we&nbsp; would shun her, ignore her at first, make her await her pain, a little mental abuse for the bully. So when we got to the room, more fresh flowers, chocolates and a silver and white baloon bouquet for the girls, we ignored the hogtied, silver bow on her butt, quivering cunt, got down to it, a family fuck, how we fucked with passion, the noises my babies made heavenly, their sighs, grunts, squeals, all creating a symphony of audio delight, their warm bodies energizing me crazy, they made me young, I made them old, it worked. How they threw their little bodies into it, they did not want to miss any opportunity for sexual adventure, their youth was their pass to guilt free pleasure, that and their past experiences, both had watched and participated in many deaths, giving them concrete proof of the fleeting nature of this human life.

&nbsp; After we all had our cum off to the shower, again without a glance at the trussed pig in the corner, as if she was just another fruit basket, maybe we would pick at it later, but it was just a pile of fruit, nothing exotic bout that. They were jiggy with intentions, how they wanted to get at the pig, Rickys cute take, she would take some of his rage at Bri, he could relax and enjoy his wedding, see he was old, I explained, Bri was yesterday, after tomorrow just a memory, never good to dwell in the past, we would make many new sexy memories, challenged them, never even speak of loathsome Brianna after tomorrow, they dug it, Carlenes plea, can she go fuck up Kerry, her giving me her little Ms Innocence charm face, I could not resist, the kids fast walking to the pig, I had my cam out, what a wedding album we would have.

 Carlene was an energetic girl, her fists, elbows, knees, and sexy big feet were battereing the tied up pig, Ricky content to watch with me, we were on the bed, hugging, sharing some wine, cheering our lover on, Rickys hand running lightly over my thighs, grazing my wood and balls, he would look into my eyes time to time, mouth his love you to me, that was magic, he was the best thing to ever happen to me, told him that, he blushed, kissed my cock, scooted off to help Carlene, who had untied the punched out cow, Kerrys cramps making her body dance sexy for us, nice wrack, fat ass, very ripe teen cunt.

&nbsp; How they worked her, Ricky passive to Carlene, her story to write, it would be a stark tale, her eyes full of rage, do not slight Carlene, like Ricky and I, she made lists, settled scores, did not let others break her, ever. Carlene coating her and Rickys arm with Vicks was a good start, how they got both their little arms up her pussy, when they each had one arm up her stretched twat, Carlene drilled her other arm up Kerrys snatch, it was amazing it didn't tear, chalk it up to young flesh being elastic. How Kerry begged, screamed, howled as the Vicks burnt her tender inner cunt, my babies arms and hands trashing her good, Carlenes plea, for me to take her ass, oh my, the feeling of their arms rubbing my cock through Kerrys anal wall quite glorious, how I power drove her dirty colon, her shit smelling, sliming my wood, we all spanked her fat cheeks silly, she was babbling, we were teasing her, we would bust her cunt forever.

&nbsp; Felt good blowing my load up her ass, she cleaned me good, cunt knew better than to resist, her only hope was that we didn't have permission to off her, Carlene would revel in this bullys death gurgle, but Kerry was a trained slave, had a utilitarian purpose, so we could only torture, but sometimes thats enough. When Carlene dragged Kerry by her hair to the bathroom, Ricky and I were amazed at how gaping the pigs cunt was, her ass was a one inch hole, leaking shit and cum, but her twat was a fuck canyon, easily four inches across, I joked I could see her tonsils, Ricky wondering how much bigger they could stretch it, we both excited at what our sexy marriage partner to be had planned for the gaper.

&nbsp; Watching Carlene use Kerry as her toilet was so sweet, my baby pissed her face first, then as her tiny cheeks flexed, she dropped an eight inch shit rocket down Kerrys throat, Ricky and I howling at the size of it, how Kerrys eyes rolled, but she took it, watching her screwed up face digest Carlenes shit log was amusing, we knew she wanted to puke, I told her I would rip her tits off if she did, the babes teasing her, trying to make her sick, her abject misery so sexy, me thinks her bully days are over. Though it would be nice to rip her tits off, I really did not want shit barf all over our cottage, so I had them hold Kerrys legs over her head, her wide open cunt available, I pissed down her cunt hole, and then dropped several quality logs down her cunt, making the half crazed pig clean me and Carlenes shit stained rectums, her tongue quite energetic, fear had a way of pushing people to please. Ricky added a sexy thin rope of shit to her full cunt, how sexy his sewn on cunt lips looked flapping as the shit exited his quality anus. I took the nearby plunger and packed her love tunnel with a solid wall of feces, I Grabbed her arms, Carlene and Ricky a leg each, and we tossed her out the door, into the freezing night, her cunt packed solid with our shit, her stomach digesting Carlenes shit torpedo, want to bully my girl again, I thought not. 


 We burnt candles, sprayed Lysol to remove the smell of shit girl, we were all still wired, they were nervous about our wedding tomorrow, afraid things would change, clued them in, for the better they would change, we were making it official, three as one, they liked that, their lives would be secure now, as I would set up trust funds for them, Bob and Lisa donating a million dollars, after all Carlene was their daughter, kind of a dowry, though I would gladly have paid them the million for the honor of Carlenes hand, she attacked my mouth with her tongue for that one, got them relaxed, smoking a fatty helped, we watched Sixteen Candles, closest to a wedding flick we could find on the TV, both of them wanted to play with Molly Ringwalds sexy little body, Rickys desire to castrate Andrew Michael Hall, thought he was sissy faggy, the kids hamming it up, like their own version of MST3000, both asking me what were underwear during the panty scene, for my babes seldom wore that garment, why cover one of their most beautiful attributes, their cunts. Dumb movie, but it did its job, lulled us, the kids wanting to fuck, my firmness, next time we made love, we would be married, till then no sex, wanted tomorrows loving to be special, they were all smiles, they got it, vocalizing their happiness, their love for me saving them, my return love volley, it was they who saved me, turning my analog life into a wide screen HD experience, everything a lot more colorful, the beauty of my babes, not sure they heard my words, for both sweeties were softly snoring, the cutest little smiles adorning their angelic faces, wow, we were in a special place, the three of us were only one.



&nbsp; I let them sleep in, this would be a late night for sure, my grin spreading, I was marrying a twelve year old boy/girl, and a ten year old sexy girl, who would of thought it possible, the vision of them in their bikinis on a Florida beach, very sexy, we would have the best honeymoon ever. Their yawns and stretches alerted me to my babes awakening, funny, I always found their just woke up, hair messed silly, eyes squinted erotic as all get out, their darling naked bodies bouncing up on my knees, like I was a perverted Santa, and hell yeah, I was. Loved their morning stink breath as they each gave me an expressive good morning tonguing, how hot their bodies, how soft their bellies,my over sized paws loved to rest on their yummy soft baby bellies, we were all famished, ordered room service, the kids shyness nice, they were a little intimidated by the fuss over them, my reassurances, everyone adored them, wished us well, wanted to share our special day, they did not have to do this, reminded them, these fine folks had thought enough of them to make them the only preteen members of the Farm, that was something. They promised to be their adorable selves, like they could be anything but charming, more, I made them promise to enjoy our day for the right reason, we were committing our lives to each other, agreeing that we choose to be united, that was the beauty of today, that and one last go at ugly Bri.


&nbsp; As the sexy little slave cunt served our breakfast, my babes made me proud, they ignored her, and she was hot, about eight, prime of her sexuality, with the cutest bubble butt, you knew there was something hot under those meaty cheeks, something hot and moist, her tits flat, but her nipples had been modified, her nips had two inch round, thick brass rings holding cloth napkins, utilitarian, that they were only interested in their waffles with whipped cream good, meant they got it, slaves weren't people, they were to be allowed to do their jobs, their purpose for living was to serve, occasionally service Masters, again, enough pain pigs here, it was a sweet thing to have a well trained, experienced staff, as my girls daintly wiped their sticky fingers on the handy hanging napkins, they did manage to stretch the cunts nipples good and hard. Hard not to at least grope her spectacular basket ball butt, but knew once started we would not be able to contain our passions, dismissed her roughly, though she was on the to fuck list of mine, told my babes time to shower, get ready for their spa day, my hunting. We did it, all showered together and no one had an orgasm, though it was close, Ricky and I just had to tickle Carlenes little cunt, her trying to not enjoy our wormy fingers funny, her sexy face a mix of lust and concentration, we left her hanging, she would get hers tonight, as my wife, her squeal of joy, Rickys quick Me too, Me too, of course silly boy, got them dressed, and as we watched Saturday morn cartoons, the clock appeared to have stopped, or time was dragging bad, our want to be married, on with our lifes big.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Lisas call, time for the girls to get ready for their big night, mm mm, time for me to go release some tension, waste an animal or two, relax my being, the stress starting to get to me, the kids right, all the to do wearying, just wanted to spend my life with the two most exceptional lovers a guy could ever want, but I would will myself to take today in, enjoy the once in a life timeness of it, had told my babes to, had to make sure I did the same, shame to not bask in the ritualistic ceremony and banquet, along with offing and roasting Bri, this would be a wedding to remember, idly considered if People Magazine should cover it, now that would be a magazine that sold hot.

 It was only for the day, but parting from babies was hard, our bond was firm, our need to be together paramount, glad there was two of them, they could lean on one another, told them when I see them next we would be standing before Bri, that cheered them, their goodbye kisses extra wet, Lisa and her friends whisking the girls away, laughing that their dresses would blow me away, a famous designer who dug young flesh made them just for my girls,mm mm, my babes in wedding gowns, for me, that's sweet, the limo leaving got me down for a second, God, I was addicted to them, go figure. Joe and Bob showed up minutes later, their Jeep loaded with weapons, drinks, and oddly, two black guys, naked and chained over the hood like bagged prey, my smile large, Joes giggle, that's right we were going coon hunting. Bob explaining these losers were part of a group the Farm purchased recently in the Sudan, seemed there was some tribal spat, Christians versus Muslims, the Farm bought twenty two slaves from one party or the other, Bobs amusingly not sure which side, though we should consider them Muslims, everyone would torture the remaining meat harder if they thought them dirty towel heads, sound reasoning that.

 The game was easy, the darkies had a two minute head start, Joe told them in broken English, their fear sexy, each had oversized cock and balls, looked in shape, this would be real hunting. They sprinted in different directions, each into woods, Bobs giggle, the entire compound was enclosed, three sides by an uncrossable rapid ice caked river, the front by elecric fence, the darkies could only roam a thousand acre field, an area about one and half mile square, we would stay together, take our time, try to round the fuckers into a corner, and we did, they made much noise, their smell strong, they were together now, in a little more than an hour of tracking we had driven them to the corner where there only option was to jump into the icy cold, strong flowing river, and everyone knew darkies could not swim, or charge past us, time to bag some dark meat.


&nbsp; Thye let me have the taller one, who was trying to hide behind a boulder, his legs and bubble butt sticking out, I did cap his ass, purposely hitting his fleshy cheeks, he leaped to his feet, started hopping around, holding his cheeks, quite comical, when I shot his flopping cock off, I am a great eye, no doubt, the guys loved it,&nbsp; the meat not so much, as now one hand held his suddenly Irish size pecker, the other hand still covering his new, bloody asshole. Bob telling me to take his leg out so they could wound the other, then we could play, sounded like a plan, my next shot destroying the monkeys right knee, he dropped, fucker didn't have three hands, as he rolled on the ground, his hands slapping around, trying to stop all his leaks, not succeeding in the least, moaning and groaning, fag. 

 The other stooge actually came out of hiding, hands up, what the fuck, Bob and Joe each shot one of his hands, his palms looking like Christ the fuck savior, he was waving his sore hands, talking monkey gibberish, ran towards the tree line, My buds each fired again, both his lower legs hit, he plopped face first in the snow, monkey boy was down, stupendously round dark ass looking quite sexy, too bad he was dirty, no way I was butt plugging some dark continent import, God knows what fuck disease he carried in his filthy body, not even with two skins, would not even consume dark meat, unless it was young, tested. We got them together, staked them out in the snow, got to work, stomping them ugly, we paid special attention to their sex organs, the cock I shot off bleeding sweetly, how we stomped those balls silly, they puked, pissed, shitted, we laughed, taunted, stomped some more, we would stomp them to death, dirt beneath our feet, subhumans.

&nbsp; We took an hour to off them, using lighters, knives, tasering them silly, how they twisted and screamed for us, we were in a state, stopping for shots of whiskey, not your bachelor party, mine, Joe kidding me, how good it would feel to get at Bri, my picturing that sour puss drove me to kick my boys head in, his skull cracked, his face got distorted, he gurgled loud, see ya, fucker was off to never ever again land, seventy two virgins my ass. The other darkie was horrified, making mewling noises, as Bob rammed a tree branch up the fools ass, at least a foot and a half, butt fucked to death would be funny. Joe stroked the darkies cock, it got huge, at least thirteen inches, fuck, what a fuck stick, thought about Bri being ass raped by this gorilla, but I planned on eating my share of Bris carcass. Bob decided he wanted that for the trophy room, he sawed the cock and balls off, stuck them in a container full of ice, would have them stuffed, the fag bleeding out, we gave him a farewell pissing, Bob also dumping a load of fresh shit on the contorted in pain face, we left him alive, the wolves already within sight, they would savage live meat, mm mm.

 As it was two thirty, we decided to head back, my want to speed things up, they slowed me, we shared another drink of whiskey, they were telling me how lucky I was, like I didn't know that, Joe going on, I had the sexiest girls around, Bob telling me to find time to make the Farm a regular part of our lifes, like there was any way I would not. He wanted my take on things, I praised them crazy, blew them some ass smoke, then pointed out a quick way to get fresh meat, instead of offing defective meat, trade it to third world countries, they would love any type of white meat, we could get good return for young white flesh, Arabs, Darkies, and Gooks would not care if the cute preteen white boy had diabetes or not, only that he had a tight bung hole, Bob and Joe loved it, they had a buyer who had connections in that part of the world, they were smart, understood my point, we could use these third world scum for strictly torture and snuffing, have lot of hunting parties, Joe lusted for yellow flesh, we all saw the fun in young, tiny gooks to ravish, Bobs attempt at humor, but we would be hungry fifteen minutes later, ha ha, time to go.. 

&nbsp; Me, all alone in the cottage, just pondering it all, how my life had moved on, as if we had all ascended to a different level of life, only absolute, no going back, no denying myself this degree of pleasure, like a vampire to blood, my blood young flesh, little apprehension that I would tire of my babes as they aged, somewhat eased at the thought of how real our love was, how we all seemed to need each of us, that trinity thing again, we together, complete.&nbsp; Got my monkey suit on, looked quite fine if I say so myself, had a little case of the butterfies, relaxed, knew this was destined to be, image of me and my babes consumating our marriage, repeatedly, gave me the push, the brilliant picture of Bri having his death gurgle, my feet were moving, get me to the church on time.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Met Bob and Joe at the bar, all the male owners were there, the handshaking and back slapping tedious, but well meant, they were genuinely fond of me, some of them already praising my trading the defects idea, never was good at taking compliments, partly cause I never fucked cared much what others thought, time passed though, and soon enough, Lisa called us all to the center of the huge room, as we all stood around the center fireplace, music playing softly, in walked Ricky and Carlene, my knees buckled, their beauty staggered me, their eyes locking on mine, they were as committed as me, glad to have a party, but focused on the three of us uniting forever, that was our thing. Their gowns stunning, layers of white silk over off white sequins, the full length gowns slit to their waists, their sexy gams giving all a peek at heaven, the tops low, cut above their nipples, just out of sight, strapless, their sexy young shoulders proudly displayed, their hair done perfect, angels they were.

&nbsp; How they both knelt at my feet, kissed my Edward Green shoes, I helped them to their feet, gave them each a chaste kiss on their rosey cheek, as we all held hands, Bri was led into the hall, much booing, hissing, our smiles ours, we would enjoy Bris coming execution. Lisa got us seated in three throne like chairs, on the dais, Ricky on my right, Carlene my left, they had been liberal in their dosing of Obsession, that sexy fragrance tickling my cock, several slaves served us drinks, Mountain Dews for the girls, on the rocks, fine crystal, this was a class affair, my merlot sweet tasting, reminding myself to not over indulge, wanted to be ready to please my wifes tonight, that happy thought bringing me back to now, he was in front of us, Jesus, he was ragged, skinny, tits sagging no more hormones for faggy boy, the kids loved how he looked at the floor, he was broken, ready for his punishment, justice served.

&nbsp; He was always a whiner, and of course he ruined everything. If he just took it, we would of still drawn and quartered him, but quickly and cleanly, but he had to beg, plead, whimper, his sobs big, loud, snotty things, the room resounding in laughter at his pathetic display, did he even consider we would show him any mercy, well, if so, he was fuck not paying attention, contrary, we would work him dirty to punish his pity spectacle, my babes aping his sobs, silly girls, hugged them both to me, told them I loved them, shouts of kiss the brides, oh we did, much spit swapping, three greedy tongues wrestling, could see the want in the crowds eyes, they wanted what we had, true love. Fuck it, I took control, ordered the room quiet, explained that in order for us to move forward, the criminal, I would never uttter his name again, had to be punished, his crime so henious, that all slaves must witness his death, that crime, arrogance in a slave, could easily spread to other slaves, like a virus. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I stood in front of him, he quivered, begged, his abilty to hold his tongue none, I spit in his face, my babes cheered, Bri shut up, his sad eye looked at me, his look so sad, so funny, as we waited for the slaves to be situated along the walls of the room, I allowed Bri to get on his knees and lick the soles of my shoes, let him pay homage to justice served, his acceptance of his sentence at least something besides his constant whining, what a fag. For so many people, the room was eerie quiet, the tension evident, the gathered slaves scared, the grownups twitchy with hunger for Bris slaughter, I read the charges, the sentence, asked Bri if he accepted his justice, he bawled like a baby, his words all jangled up, then it came out clear as day, he called Ricky a whore, my Ricky, my Fiance, I was seething, the blur called Ricky flew past me, the way my babe took the bigger Bri down, a violent tackle, Ricky on Bris chest throwing fists bombs to the ugly fags face, seeing Carlene leap into it, her spiked heels flailing at Bri, how sexy the scene, my babes in their five thousand dollar matching designer wedding gowns beating the snot out of the sobbing scum, the crowd in a frenzy for my babes, a two versed chant starting, Ricky, Ricky one side chanted, Carlene, Carlene the other, my heart full of love for my fighting babes.

 Got them off the loser, his face bloodied nice, Ricky was furious, but he took my hug, kisses, started to simmer down, my words, Bri was about to come undone, no need to even touch the fag anymore, and with that we sat back in our thrones, I called loudly for executioners, the people all jockeying for that right, Bob picked several strong guys, they stood behind Bri, as I charged them with Drawing and Quartering the criminal, adressed the assembled Owners, that they should remember to always stamp out the slightest spark of disobedience in slaves, to the slaves, who I could feel tremble as I eyed their ranks, I declared, arrogance led to the whimpering clown on the ground, then I pointed to my babes, dressed so elegantly, in their thrones, sometimes perfect obedience led to freedom. With that I was done, except to instruct the chosen executioneers in how to carry out a proper quartering.

&nbsp; The crowd gasped as I laid out the proper execution of a traitors quartering, everyone would remember this punishment, the slaves would be cowed for years, as they got Bri up, he farted sad loud, the laughter louder, his begging picking up, as they easily manhandled him between four solid iron poles, he was spread eagled between the poles, three feet off the ground, his ruined ass on display, his cock and balls for everyone to see, he got a hardon, Lisa had told me earlier that they would load him with Viagra in his last meal, his further humiliation as the crowd taunted his obvious enjoyment of his abuse, fag. They used axes, long handled war axes to chop his limbs off, his arms at the shoulder, his legs at the hip, as he plopped to the ground, others staunched his blood loss with blow torches, he was out, but alive, I called a halt, wanted him awake, the Docs shooting him with speed, I decided to get hands on, the crowd enlivening as I approached the torso called Bri, slowly removing my tuxedo jacket, the appearing from no where slave trembling as he held the garment, stepped out of my way.

&nbsp; I held a severed arm and leg over my head, blood still dripping, that tends to get peoples attention,ordered that instead of eating Bri, a sour fag, his body parts would be stuck on poles around the compound, his head on a spike, a reminder to all, arrogance in slaves was a high crime against society. They loved it, the crowd chanting my name, my babes smiles so full of love for me, mm mm, asked them to join me, I didn't have to ask twice, both of their little faces glowing with lust, I dismissed the others, we would execute Bri, our civic duty. He was awake, babbling, Rickys cute sigh, wondered if Bri would keep talking even after we offed him, My reply brutal, gave him the iron forceps, Carlene the spreader, she wedged the fags mouth open, Ricky ripped the still wagging tongue out, swear it continued to move as if still yakking, everyone finding this comical, Carlene getting her groove on, she sought out Kerry, dragged her by her hair to the dais, roared at the assembled slaves, remember when the bully picked on Carlene, pay back is a bitch, she ordered Kerry to eat the raw tongue, the shaking with fear slave had no choice, as she knelt to the side trying to get Bris bitter tongue down her piggy belly, how sexy watching this pig eat a raw human tongue, but when Carlene declared Kerry would take Bris place as the wedding roast, the pig bawled, the crowd roared its approval, Oh, Carlene, how I adored that bundle of sexy energy, Kerry would make a juicy meal indeed as she was led away by the kitchen staff, next time we saw her she would be nothing more than a slab of hot beef, red juices running, we got back to the still feeling it Bri, his one eye out of focus, he was quite mad..



&nbsp; Time for his still cute, if scarred, cock and balls, we went slow, lots of deep cuts to his rock hard member, the kids sticking his ball bag crazy, he was dripping blood good, we got them off, torched his wound closed, stuffed the bloody junk in his open with pain brutalized pie hole, he looked beat, we all kissed sloppy, oue excitement level high. We disemboweled him next, to make it worse, as me and Ricky hauled out his endess intestines, Carlene would roast them with the torch, his gurlges awesome, blood spraying from his mouth cute, had to keep moving, the fag getting ready to cash out, I sunk the large blade into his chest, opened him up exposing his racing heart, the kids dug the way it pumped, I scooped it out, it was still beating as I pronouced sentence passed, I smashed the suddenly still organ into his face, he was gone, good riddance to bad rubbish. Chopping his head off was easy, the cleanup crew carting his body away, to be exhibited for everyones education, my laugh, we were splattered with blood, the babes shiny white gowns spoiled, they loved it, reveled in it, Ricky quipping that Bri could be at our wedding this way, my brilliant lover boy. The famous designer fag voicing his desire to send my girls piles of clothes, they thanked him with sincerity, and so we were wed, Lisa was actually a justice of the peace, in our blood stained best, the ceremony short, the smell of Kerry roasting nice, the wedding party would dine on Kerry, several other malcontent slaves also butchered for the occassion, the slaves dismissed, a new found sense of submission struck into their very souls.

&nbsp; The cocktail hour draining, as everyone formed a greeting line, each guest wanted a minute, proper, but boring, the kids fidgeting, me getting bothered, I was not a people person, but we got through it, me playing the rape or butcher mind game, I would size up the people, would I fuck or butcher the women, would I fuck or butcher the guys, giggling at my indifferent bisexual evil ways. The kids did awesome, it was a lot to ask, for ones so young, my girls were stunningly charming, I knew and they knew they were playing, but such is high society. The roasting meat was getting everyone in the mood for a major pig out, the music soft, finally we were directed to our seats by Tuxedo clad slaves, well they only wore jackets, the tails splitting to give everyone great looks at the sexy young bums, their undeveloped cunts, tits and cocks on display frontside. 


&nbsp; We got the first cut of Kerry, as her tits were hers, we decided to share a breast, the skin crispy, the kids scooping stuffing from the meats cunt, we all giggled, hoped they cleaned that hole good after the shitting we gave it, Kerrys face was all shriveled from the heat, her lips pulled back, teeth set in an angry grimace, well she could stare all she wanted, the pig wasn't getting any of her tit meat, we were starving as we carved it up, I let the kids share her large tough nipple, the taste bitter, but as Carlene giggled, it was Kerrys so that made it good, a little cranberry sauce, the stuffing had three types of mushrooms, we all swore we could taste just a trace of shit, but seeing how it was mine and Rickys we relished that others would taste our ass offerings, albeit unwittingly.

&nbsp; Figured we were hooked on human meat, but filling it was, content to just sit there, but people wanted a show, some romance, we gave it to them, the girls natural hams, in the best way. The first song was Forever Young by Dylan, what else, we danced ever slowly, my arms wrapped around both of my wives, our whispers sweet, we felt the crowds love, how hot their bodies, the blood stains so sexy, my little executioners, their little hands massaging my body, their faces blazing with goodness. As the song ended I let the girls dance with others, content to watch them move, how perfect they were, as they let their young bodies flow with the beat, as if the music went through them, making the herky jerky white bread folks look stunningly lame, they getting it, as Ricky and Carlene danced alone, the room theirs, the world theirs, how they tantalized, quick peeks of their round butts, taut yet soft gams, they were spectacular .


&nbsp; When they rejoined me, they were winded, sweaty, their gowns soaked, their kisses messy, both professing their love for me, they did not want to dance with any more people, wanted to go to the cottage, my smile large at their likeness to me, but we had social obligations, we cut a deal, they promised to be charming for another hour, and then we would retire to our marriage bed, they liked the sound of that, we got down to some serious barb throwing at the always out of time dancers, much bumping, unintended, only matter time before someone caught an errant elbow, the kids recovered their stamina, in no time giving dance lessons, the women scampering to please my babes, I mean these women were hard core sadists who craved young flesh, maybe nastier than the men, but they all clearly adored the brides, in no time they were shaking their rich ass shit with some sexuality, not appearing to be in the throes of a seizure, but they would always be several steps behind my girls, how they interpreted the music, their naturalness compelling as all hell, the guys surrounded me, lot of good lucks, my face sloppy with pride, a guy could do worse.

&nbsp; That was it, both kids dripping sweat, their faces red, drawn, they were kids, told the folks it was time, lot of oh nos, oh yes, gave them a passionate speech about how we all considered this our extended family, our thanks for all they did, again that was all most folks needed, a little verbal masturbation, I could sell a cart to a horse, the kids discreetly pinching my bum, they knew I was spraying the crowd with verbal diarrhea, better they understood why, this farm was a fantasy land, speaking of, when I mentioned to the crowd that at this time tomorrow we would be in Disney World, everyone cheered for us, as we walked out arm in arm in arm, hugs, kisses, Bobs whisper to call him next week, we were seated in an enclosed, over the top coach, like a royal family, Joes admission it had belonged to King of Spain, but when the team of slave boys, all naked, all had large dildos up their sexy bums, horse tails hanging from each tight set of butt cheeks, they had been trained to twitch their butts, the tails swinging cool. The fuckers must be frozen, fuck them, we were warm in the cabin of the coach, sipping champagne, the overseer cracking the whip, we were off, our sighs mutual, at last, our lives as one.


 Carried both my girls across the threshold, how fast we stripped, the fucking energetic, Carlene sitting on my face, she was facing Ricky who was riding my fat fuck stick with reckless abandon, they would switch places, eating Rickys divine anus, how tasty, how his sphincter grabbed my invading tongue, the taste of Carlenes young cunt, then how she rode me, her cunt a vacumn cleaner, sucking my cock special, our cums loud, our after fuck hugs and kisses sweet, our love a real, living thing. My words of praise for them, it was a long day and they had always acted proper, I had planned on giving them a wedding night ass whooping, just to reinforce their submission, but they had been so classy all day that it would have been unjustified, and I was all about the justice, again, I talked them asleep, how they radiated joy even out cold, their little bodies overtired, my babies earned their rest, as I lay between them, their little fingers seeking my flesh, their need as my need, we all slept entangled, three as one.



&nbsp; On waking my smile goofy, but I understood the beauty of yesterday, as I lightly stroked the two warm, sexy bodies nestled to mine, my babes were all mine, forever, what a life we had, my smile bigger when I realized in twelve short hours we would be at Disney, that I could give these two angels that, they had both had the toughest lives, abused, disappointed, well no fuck more, I would not spoil them, but I would give them plenty of adventures, make their bad days ebb away, fill their minds with only positive and productive thoughts, my child brides would aspire to greatness, I took that responsibility serious, fuck serious, I wasn't interested in just using them, or else I would just keep the flesh turning over at the Farm, no, there was real love between us, love developed through actions, Rickys saving my life, the way Carlene preached morality before the crowd the other night, how I put my reputation on the line to save them, there was a lot to love, we had each made solid committments to the others, my little babes were already well developed emotionally, could show their classy adult side to the world, also knew when others were insincering them, could also revert to their young goofy selves when just us, how sexy that was, their stunning good natures lighting my world, my solemn promise to self, always I would protect them, cherish them, allow them to have their child time, that was my wedding gift to them.


&nbsp; To say they were groggy on waking was slimming it, but I realized how tiring yesterday was for them, both physically and emotionally, as I massaged their soft backs, softly telling them of my love, my pride, it got them peaceful, their smiles coming on like banks of spotlights, my fingers tickling their to die for soft bellies, their laughs big, infectious, were all giggles, the possibilty of them waking cranky was past, they attacked me, their little fingers tickling me wild, our racing to the toilet, Carlene sitting on Ricky, who was sitting on the hopper, while they pissed, I stood between their legs and soaked their sexes, lot of oohs and ahhs, a few wet farts, lot more laughs, what a life. Our first married shower, the kids over doing it, they adored calling me their husband, each other wifey, hard to not smile, their easy manner so calming, my babes were happy, I was happy, that was the thing.

&nbsp; Ricky found the box, wrapped in silver paper, the kids opening the present, stunning, the box full of cards, everyone had given us cash, lot of cash, when we finished counting we had over twenty thousand, told the kids this was fun money, we would go wild at Disney, money no hinderance, their well mannered response, it was enough to go to Disney, they did not want a bunch of crappy Tshirts, Carlene telling me, her sexy serious face, they only wanted to be with me, as I had chosen them, so had they chose me, I could cry, that girl was special, she could make words cut you like a knife, but, as now, she could melt your heart with her tender words, we had an amazing hour fuckathon, slowly working it till we all had explosive cums together, we were in a dasiy chain, I eating Carlene, her Ricky, he me, how energized it made us, like we were super humans, we dressed quick, wanted to walk around the Farm before we left, get better aquainted with things, the kids wanting to go spit on each of Bris body parts hanging from poles around the compound, my babes.

 We agreed we would not miss the cold, the wind cutting through our layers of warmth, the compound quiet, even to cold for naked slaves, the few we saw all wearing what appeared to be burlap, that was sexy in a well thought out way, let them wear some protection from the cold, make it uncomfortable, harsh cloth, these people had class. His face looked sad, how ugly his mouth, they had left his head on an eight foot spike, his cock sticking out of his mouth, that was sexy funny, his one eye staring at us, the kids mocking him, mocking his life, his death, his stupidity, Rickys turn at making word to me, that if he and Carlene ever became as arrogant as the piece of shit we offed, they would welcome his death because they would have failed me, his words bathed me in love, my hugs for both, told them they would not disappoint me, our love real, Bri was only interested in himself, my brides knew to make others happy was to make yourself happy, this would serve us all our days. We had fun winging snowballs at the fags head, but the cold was extreme and we were starving, so we headed to the lodge.


&nbsp; Never failed to amaze me, the place was crowded, everyone stopping what they were doing as we entered, my kids pretending to&nbsp; walk all bowl legged, like as if I fucked them silly, the folks loving it, handshakes for me, hugs and kisses for the babes, they could not help but to steal the lime light, my little heart stealers. Watching them go through the buffet line, how everyone treated them so tenderly, the obvious speciality of them luring these cultured people to them as moths to light, my babe boundless good will, they charmed the folks, hard men, sadistic dominant men jockeying for the honor of carrying their breakfast trays, old, child hating women begging for my loves to remember to include them in their social circles, have I not married the two most perfect child brides ever.

 We ate like castaways, they feeding me by hand, Carlenes urgent whisper, she wanted everyone to see their submission to me, they jointly told me that was their promise to me, they would never forget who made this all possible, then Ricky took a steak knife off the table and sliced his pinky, passed it to Carlene who did the same, my heart racing as I cut my finger, the room silent, pin drop silent, Ricky telling me that they wanted more than anything to be of my blood, as we comingled our bloody fingers I told them the truth, not only were they of my blood, they were of my soul, the room a mixture of tears and rumbles of joy, saw several couples slicing their fingers, recommitting to each other, had to laugh that this childs ceremony had way more meaning for me than yesterday, told my darlings that now we were really wed, our blood all flowing mixed, three as one.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   roccodadom44


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





