BDSM Library -  A Kiss For Those At Home




 A Kiss For Those At Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     slave kiva arrives home to find a well-planned present for her, which turns out to be a present instead for her Owner and a studio audience.






After another long day at work, I arrive home to find a note and a box on the table, the note reads, this is for you to have fun tonight, and in the box I find a pair of japanese clover nipple clamps a small plug a large plug and a VERY large plug with a big bottle of HOT KY.

Going to my room, I strip out of my clothes and crawl into bed. I lean back into the pillows, playing with my nipples until they started to puff up a little bit. Laying on my back, legs spread, knees up, I lick and suck on the smaller plug while I lube my ass with the HOT KY, feeling the warmth spread through my tight hole. As I'm about to slip a finger into my tight hole, the phone buzzes with a new text message that reads "Don't hide under the sheets, db" Can someone see me?&nbsp; Is someone watching?

Fingers, first one, then two, enter my ass, making sure the lube gets deep inside me, stretching me out getting me hot, bothered, and ready. The muscles in my ass quiver and clench at this first invasion, valiantly saying "no!"&nbsp; but secretly hungry for more, trembling at the exploration. I remove the plug from my mouth and give it some lube of its own, caressing it with my fingers, finally slipping it into my ass, gentle but firm pressure causing it to slip inside me, spreading my hole open, getting it ready for whatever comes next. I sigh, feeling it settle into place.

Returning to my nips, I pinch and tease them, grabbing first the left then the right and attach the nipple clamps. Unused to the pinching clamps, it hurts, but oh so good.. I know the pain that will come later when they're removed, and shiver with frightened anticipation. I close my thighs and curl tightly around a pillow, feeling its smooth cool pillowcase on my skin. Rolling over onto my tummy, kneeling with my willing ass in the air, I proceed to lick the larger plug, teasing it like a cock, wishing it were your cock to feed me..

I reach back and start to slowly fuck my ass with the smaller plug.. I wonder if I'll ever have a chance to please two people at once, to have both ends stuffed and serving? The thought fills my imagination for a while, a daydream of being blindfolded and bound, being told to open up to be used for sucking and having a strange cock slid between my lips.&nbsp; I'm started, but a slap to my ass and a whispered command "You'll suck this cock, db, its what I want" and I happily comply...

No time for such thoughts! I'm here to please these toys, not my own fantasies I quickly frig myself repeatedly with the small plug, then as quickly as I can remove it and slide the next larger plug into its place, its girth stretching me open even further, penetrating more deeply.&nbsp; ooohhhh... so good!&nbsp; it doesn't slide in so easily, stretching me so well, my ass is feeling looser now but still hot and tight. Just then, a new text message comes in - "check the bottom of the largest plug" I lean over to see it has a suction cup on it... hmm, I wonder..

I hop up and wiggle over to my wooden desk chair, and sit, legs spread, pressing down with my ass to secure the suction cup on its hard wooden seat. Secured, I rise a little, feeling the plug pop out of my ass, so empty! I sit back down quickly, feeling the plug split my ass open... I start to bounce, oh, how I want it to be your cock in my ass, but I intend to please the plug as if it were - I give pleasure to what you tell me to! If the best ue of my willing ass is to fuck this silicone toy, then that's what I'll do.

I try to fuck the plug as best I can, short little moves, and I start to tug on the chain to the clamps, getting a good rhythm going. The faster I slide my ass over the plug, the harder I tug on the clamps, until oh oh oh OOOOWWWW! one of the clamps slips off my nipple and I cry out in pain, shoving my ass down HARD onto the plug and crying as blood rushes back into my nipple. I shudder and pull on the other clamp, and pull it off as well.. I'm crying, fucking a giant butt plug/dildo attached to a chair, but oh god I want to come so badly, but can't until told I can - certainly not before the plug comes!

BRING! Another text message comes in - "db, don't forget you are to get as many photos of you debasing yourself as possible"

I stand up and rummage around to find my camera, setting it on the chair to film the plug disappearing into my now loose ass, taking stills of my red burning nipples with the plug deep in my ass, I pull them off the camera and email them to the text massager.. is it you? I hope so... while grinding my ass on the seat, keeping the session going. A text message arrives, giving me link to a website... a flickr account.. a PUBLIC flickr account!! I open the link and see that its the pictures I just sent out... I feel so exposed, but I can't stop.. don't want to stop, I want more, but my ass is sore, my nipples numb. A private note in my flickr account says "from now on every time you text me your pictures will go to this account and you WILL send pictures"&nbsp; I click back to the photo album and notice the pictures already have 500 hits. I purr, ready to come, hoping sir enjoys seeing me doing this.

A new message that says for me to load up my laptop and get the web cam ready as I have some "admirers" that want to watch me. Oh my! I turn on my web cam, positioning it so anyone who wants can watch me uselessly fuck myself just because you told me to, slavishly writhing as my ass is impaled over and over again.

Suddenly I hear your voice, "Don't turn around bitch but continue, you have an paying audience now, they want to see you perform for them!" I feel something land on my thigh, its a larger plug than the one in my ass, with ripples and ridges and bumps and what appears to be a heavy chain. "Put the chain on around your neck and lace it thru your nipple chain and the put the clamps back on - I think you can figure out what to do with the plug wench." I have no choice but to obey, as I hear my bed settle down as you sit upon it.

I reattach the nipple clamps with a wince, attach the chain.. standing up, the viewers can see my ass starting to gape a little, so loose and ready, ripe - I switch the plugs and settle this one into my ass in one smooth, confident motion, my ass against the wooden chair seat, impaled with a silicone plug, nips on fire, the cold chain around my neck, across my back and chest. I stand and, leaning forward, one hand on the desk, reach between my legs, grasp the plug, and start to fuck my ass again... slowly at first, more quickly and I lose myself in the dreamy haze of being a good cock socket, my ass becoming just another willing hole in YOUR fuck toy.

I hear something that sounds like you masturbating behind me on the bed, watching as the foot long plug goes deep into my ass, its full two inch diameter stretching me out more than I've been stretched before. Insatiably I try to keep a steady speed, driving my ass back to meet the thrust of the plug, chain jingling against the edge to the desk, tits swaying back and forth, my low, guttural moans and high pitched squeals becoming more frequent, more insistent, signaling how desperately I want to please you.

"Thank you... thank you... thank you for letting me fuck your largest plug" I moan.. its hard to speak and not drool, my mouth as empty as my ass is between thrusts of the invader that impales me. "Sir.... I need to come now!" I cry, tears starting to form in my eyes. I hear you walk over and on my up swing you place your hands on my shoulders and forcefully push me back down out of rhythm down hard onto the plug putting your full weight down on my shoulders. As you do that you whisper in my ear, "Cum for them, bitch!"

I squeal loudly and come all over, running down my legs (good thing I wasn't wearing stockings!) and the desk.. I shudder, legs quivering, embarrassed suddenly to be so naked and vulnerable, so wonton and whorish. You let go of my shoulders and lean close to my ear, "look up and smile into the camera bitch, as this is going up with your pictures.."

I look up, tears in my eyes, glad to not be wearing make up at least, looking up towards the webcam.. and blow it a kiss. I see you smiling broadly as you lean over and shut down the feed.

slavekiva@gmail.com







Review This Story
 || Email Author:    slave kiva


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





