BDSM Library - Something for Everyone




Something for Everyone
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The many misadventures of a spoiled young woman, Tina, that ultimately leads to her life as a whore. Along the way she encounters a cast of evil characters who assist in her fall from grace.






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Something for Everyone

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At last Tina Tighttwat had finally landed her long time boyfriend after fighting him off for nearly six months. This is not to assume that he didn&#8217;t have options on certain portions of her anatomy. She belonged to him from the top of her blonde head to the elastic on her bikini panties, then down to the soles of her dainty feet. On rare occasions she allowed his middle finger to intrude into her holy grotto, but that was that no matter how he whined or pleaded for more. After the first month she dutifully sucked his cock whenever it was appropriate, but refused for many months afterward to swallow any of the ejaculate that inevitably followed. That ended on his birthday which was celebrated in a dingy hot pillow motel by Tina, Mike and a professional prostitute supplied by Tina's older brother, Jarrad.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The guest of honor was stripped to the skin then tied to the corners of the big lumpy bed. Soon Tina and the prostitute named Trixie got naked as well and proceeded to give Mike a birthday he would never forget. At first Tina was satisfied by sitting on Mike's face and making him eat her pussy which was quite juicy that evening. Meanwhile Trixie jacked him off until he spurted a huge load all over Tina's well rounded posterior. She didn't say anything about Mike's rapid response to the charms of the whore, but she soon had him licking every drop of his cum from her ass while Trixie returned to his cock to make sure it was capable of doing another load or two or three.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Trixie showed Tina some of her tricks and the girl's eyes grew big at the way Mke's cock got bigger and then smaller as the professional whore sucked the life from his big cock. Next Tina got to jack her boyfriend's stiff cock in and out of Trixie's suctioning mouth, which resulted a major mouthful that Trixie garged before gulping down and smacking her lips. She casually mentioned that Mike was quite a stud and Tina should be proud to have a big cock like her boyfriend possessed. By then big Mike was exhausted or so he thought. Trixie indicated that he was far from done based on her experience as a professinal lady of the evening. She suggested that Tina let Mike tunnel-fuck her firm 37Cs to get him back in the game for Trixie to enjoy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tina found herself getting a little jealous as the night went on and Mike seemed to have an endless supply of that nasty white stuff for Trixie. It got very tense when Trixie rolled a rubber onto Mike's cock and proceeded to mount him for a long ride while she could do nothing but watch and notice that Mike was having the time of his life. Her boyfriend seemed to be happier when that tramp would do nasty things with him. Things got completely out of hand when Trixie had another whore take some pictures of her and Mike doing some very dirty things together such as his tongue going up her asshole and vice-versa. That night relations between Tina and Mike got very chilly to the point that they broke up for a time. Word got back to her that he was seeing other women and most of them were very happy to do less than ladylike things with and to him. All Tina could do was stay home and masturbate with her favorite dildo and vibrator, dreaming it was Mike's big hard dick going in and out of her virgin pussy and even her asshole when she was in the tub.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mike was the winner in the lovers' spat, taking a submissive Tina back to the motel where they had so much trouble previously. This time Tina had to strip naked and be tied to the corners of the same lumpy bed as before. It stunk to the high heavens from all the sperm that had soaked into the mattress from the hundreds upon hundreds of lovers who pumped load after load into&nbsp; girl friends, prostitutes, secretaries or even sisters as well as cousins, most of them foolish enough to let their partners swear they'd pull out before they came, and didn't! Tina wasn't one of the foolish types, or was she?
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At first he was a perfect gentleman, making her suck his dick and swallow the huge steaming load that poured into her mouth and trickled down her throat. Mike wasted no time making sure that his bride to be immediately began to suck his cock again to keep it hard and ready for another assault on her perfect body, not so perfect anymore. Next time he introduced her to fisting; first her viginal cunt, then her very stubborn asshole that took plenty of attention before it lost some of its pucker. He was in the middle of choking his bride to be with his massive cock when there came a knock at the door and a familiar voice inquiring if her services were needed. Poor Tina was moritified at the prospect of being teased and revealed to be nothing but a tramp who loved cock. Such was the case that long evening with Tina the star performer in the various shows that were staged in this room. Trixie had plenty of friends who dropped by to provide the helpless bride to be with little samples of their work that Tina was force to swallow only after she gargled with them while the supplier amused herself by fisting Tina's loosening cunt.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tina's blood ran cold when Trixie escorted Mike from the room leaving her at the mercy of two slatterns who had problems with young, white, rich girls who thought they were above working girls such as these two veterans. They wasted no time introducing Tina to the real world. One took up her position on Tina, grinding her cum-soaked crotch into the uppity girl's face. Her companion got naked, displaying a spare tire, droopy tits and a hairy bush guarding her money maker. She took over and forced Tina to tongue fuck her cunt which was filled to the brim with a huge load of cum that had been deposited recently by a pair of dudes that were well hung to put it mildly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tina's tight twat was not so tight once the other lady of the evening got down to serious business. She fisted Tina's pussy until it was so loose the whore could get both of her hands into it right up to the wrists. Her companion took some pictures of Tina's degradation and suggested they be put in her scrapbook. The ladies were soon slapping Tina's 37Cs with all the force they could generate to see if they were real or fakes. It was then that Trixie and a smug looking Mike entered the room. He wasted no time extolling the sexual abilities of his new found friend and teacher. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was so happy with her talents that he had invited her to the wedding as well as the honeymoon. Tina nearly fainted when she heard what he had decided. Little did she know that her mother and brother, not to&nbsp; mention&nbsp;&nbsp; Mike's father were also going with the happy couple and their new found friend Trixie. Tina started crying and yelling when Trixie declared that Mike had chosen her to be Tina's maid of honor. One of the other whores stifled Tina by sitting on her face and forcing her to tongue her cum loaded asshole until she stopped crying. This got Mike so horny once more that he and his new friend, Trixie the whore, left to find a better room for them to enjoy the first of what would prove to be many hot fucks over the years as Tina learned her place in Mike's family that had by then added her mom.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Technically Tina went down the aisle as a virgin, but her hot, dripping fuck box and stretched asshole had been given a going away party at the hot pillow motel aptly named "The Den of Iniquity" that would be remembered by everyone involved and spoken about for years afterward. Tina took on every whore that worked the motel, swallowing the contents of their cum loaded pussies, accepting fist after fist until her twat was raw and distended to the point that the whores could get both hands into it with no trouble at all. When things got slack, the ladies amused themselves by seeing how big a dildo or vibrator Tina's cunt could handle. She revealed her tramp side by going off more times than they could keep track when those sex toys were used on her greedy twat. If that wasn't enough for this budding whore disguised as a lady, they also invited their customers to have Tina suck them off without any charge, allow them to tit fuck her and shoot their loads all over her face until she was unrecognizable. Twice customers even unloaded into her armpits, then scooped up the hot man cream and made her suck it from their fingers and hands. For the grand finale she was given a huge enema, plugged tight, and made to suck the assholes of every whore who worked the motel that night before they let her void it as they took pictures of her for the bulging scrapbook containing her total degadation that night. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mike never let it out of his sight, but was more than happy to show its contents to his and her families, friends and business acquaintances. Quite often Tina would be forced by her husband to visit many of those who saw her pictures and allow them to have free reign on her bare body. The women proved to be her worst enemies and often she had to be taken home unconscious with her body criss-crossed with deep welts, bruises, cuts and burns, her cunt and asshole so stressed she was unable to have sex for as long as two weeks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What started innocently enough was the honeymoon. To make the wedding night even more interesting, Mike, Tina, Trixie, Tina's mother Linda,&nbsp; her older brother Jarrad, and Mark, Mike's father, all drew straws to see who would be sleeping with whom. The most anyone wore for the contest was a pair of bikini panties or bottoms.&nbsp; Naturally the men would chose first to make sure everything was on the up and up. Mike went first and he got Linda, making her a very happy mother-in-law. Mark drew Trixie, utterly humiliating Tina, the blushing virginal bride who everyone knew was nothing but a tramp at best. Secretly she was delighted that at long last her big brother would get the opportunity to do more than just peep her. Tina knew all about his peep holes,but never let on about them. She also had taken the liberty of checking out his equipment and was very impressed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her older brother had spied on her ever since she was twelve, jacking off behind his peep holes drilled in the bathroom door and wall across from the tub in which she shamelessly masturbated almost every evening, and her bedroom where she played with her pussy, at first using her dainty fingers, then licking her pussy juices from them before making the circuit again. Later she added her first toy, a thin vibrator that she used by the hour as she clicked off one orgasm after another. From there she graduated to bigger toys and even better orgasms. Finally when she was nearly sixteen, she and her closest girlfriend did the naughty, mouths to pussies, as Jarrad watched and shot load after hot load against the wall where he hid.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cooler heads prevailed and Mark generously switched partners with Jarrad, allowing him the pleasure of having a professional prostitute while he took on an inexperienced virgin. Trixie was no fool and she saw what passed between the brother and "not so little" sister. This to her was going to be a great honeymoon based on the way things had started. To make Tina feel like the tramp she secretly aspired to be, the men ordered her to strip naked and be handcuffed. Minutes later a tightly tied and gagged, naked blonde was being escorted by Mark down the long outer walk-way to his suite. He was so looking forward to seeing just what a tramp this teaser really was, Mark nearly bumped into a middle-aged couple wearing almost as little as Tina.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; They blocked Mark's one girl entourage and inquired if they could join the fun that was going to be happening. The man opened his robe to show his cock, a good sized piece of meat that made Tina lick her lips in anticipation. His wife opened her robe to display a set of newly implanted tits that must have been at least 40Ds, plus a shaved pussy mound made for eating and sucking and a cunt she claimed was as tight as a teenager according to her plastic surgeon.&nbsp; All Tina could do was hope that no one else wanted to stop them and chat. Her blood ran cold when Mark suggested that the couple plan on visiting his suite for some fun and games after he broke in his daughter-in-law. That little matter completed, he marched his daughter-in-law into his suite for her christening. Tina was so humiliated that she could have died right there.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mark wasted no time welcoming his new found relative into the family. He had been prepared for almost anything based on what he had stashed away in his suite. There were ropes, straps, a few floggers and a whippy cane hidden in one of the big closets. The medicine cabinet was loaded with uppers, downers, pain pills and drugs guaranteed to keep cocks and cunts ready and eager for anything that came their way. Once Tina had been stretched out on his bed, wrists and ankles tied tightly to the low corner posts, he then stuffed some greenies into his daugher-in law's mouth before gagging her once more.&nbsp; Tina was in for a long night if that look on his face meant what she thought it meant. It did, in spades!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mark mounted his new filly and without whispering any sweet nothings into his daughter-in law's shell like ears, he buried his cock to the hilt in that sweet thing's cunt making her wince from the&nbsp; combination pressure and associated pain. Her master for the evening took a deep breath and pulled out until just the head of his cock was keeping Tina's pussy open for business. He kissed her forehead and blasted back into Tina's tight twat, burying his dick to its limit and nearly making contact with her uterus. Mark went at his new daughter-in-law like a lion after food. His hard dick battered and bruised her tight young cunt with one hammer-like blow after another. Daughter-in-law or not, this piece of teasing ass was getting what she so richly deserved. What she got to date was nothing compared to his plans for the rest of the night. Mark finally took a rest, his body covered with sweat from his exertions. Poor Tina was too fucked out to make any movement or noise in fear that he would again start up assaulting her sore pussy. While he was resting up for the next round of fuckng, there came a knock at his door.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Who should be standing there wearing only a smile and a pair of bikini panties with a transparent crotch but Trixie the only true whore in the entire honeymoon party. Mark ushered her inside and couldn't resist pinching her firm ass as she wiggled into his suite. Before he could ask, she told him that Jarrad had a litte problem with getting his cock up for her, despite some of her best efforts in that area. Rather than listening to him make excuses for his lack of performance, she decided to come over to his place to check out how he and the blushing bride, or was it tramp, were coming along as a couple. That was fine with her host who had plenty of plans for the remainder of the night and well into the early morning. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Trixie decided to keep Tina busy eating her wet dripping pussy, glad that Mark was too tired to continue to fuck this little cock teaser. Mark got the bright idea of letting Trixie fist fuck Tina while he paid a visit to his son to see how he and his "bride" for the evening were getting along. He was gone for the better part of an hour and he returned just in time to see half of Trixie's arm disappear into his daughter-in-law's worn out pussy. Then he noticed that the girl was gagged securely with what looked to be Trixie's bikini panties, and her eyes were unfocused, open and just staring at the ceiling. Trixie casually mentioned that she had fed the tramp some of his cache of pills, giving her one of every color she could find. Mark's mouth opened but nothing came out. He mentally went over what kind of pills Trixie had fed the little cock teaser and it meant trouble depending on her ability to metabolize so many different drugs and stay sane. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The pro whore suggested he relax and let her give him a professional blow job. It was just what her soon to be regular customer needed and quickly his now hard cock was disappearing in and out of the whore's throat as he grinned foolishly and forgot what was waiting for his son tomorrow when he came to collect his new piece of fuckmeat which he intended to whore out almost as soon as he got her back from the honeymoon. As things turned out, Tina survived the pill overdose, but other things got in the way of his plans to begin her new career as a whore, not to mention missing out on getting a crack at her crack.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The couple that they'd met last night showed up at their room just before noon. Mark was busy porking Tina, who in turn was eating out Trixie's overloaded fuckbox that had been filled twice prior by Mark. Evidently the pills Trixie had given her must have canceled each other out, leaving her in fairly decent shape except for the strong need for more cock than Mark was able to deliver. A stark naked Trixie, her cunt drooling pussy juice mixed with some of Mark's cum from last night, opened the door and ushered the midde-aged couple into the shambles that featured a naked girl tied spread-eagle on the large bed being raped by a large man with an even larger cock that caught the&nbsp; woman's eyes immediately. Trixie wondered what was in the small valise she carried. It didn't fit with the two piece bathing suit the woman was wearing, sort of. The bottom barely covered her crotch which had an overhang consisting of her belly fat. A portion had already begun to stuff&nbsp; itself into the crack between her fat cunt lips. The top made the bottom look like it was part of a nun's habit. Her recently enhanced tits were now 40Ds and only the nipples were covered by the stretched bra that was rapidly losing the struggle. Before the whore knew what was happening, the husband reached out and grabbed her tits, pinching the nipples with his fat fingers. Not to be outdone, Trixie grabbed his package with both hands and pulled him toward her until thy were glued to each other's body. Trixie was quite impressed by the size of his package and looked forward to being nailed good and proper by him for a nice price.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The missus, who had the purse strings, stripped in seconds to reveal a flabby ass pocked with cellulite, flabby thighs with more of the same, a beer gut that hung over her shaved pussy entrance that had recently been tightened inside and out, her fake 40Ds with nipples that could cut glass, and a very recent face lift. Mark finished his welcome to the family duties by pumping another load of watery cum into his daughter-in-law's well fucked cunt. The lady, Madge was her name, hopped on the bed and presented her wet dripping pussy for Tina to service. Trixie and Mark were a bit surprised at the way the tramp went to town on her latest sex partner. She sucked up every drop of old cum and pussy cream that ranged from fresh to rancid as Madge crooned and told her what a great little prostitute she was. Meanwhile Trixie was on her knees worshipping Jethro's fat cock that was still a few inches from being full sized. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tina's eyes grew large as Jethro got onto the bed and began squeezing her tits and licking her face like a big dog. That was nothing compared to the tree trunk that began warping her once tight pussy. She grunted and arranged her tight body so that monster 747 cock could dock deep inside her pussy hanger. When he stuck his fat tongue into her mouth she started humping like a crazed sex maniac, which by then she was. Mark was too tired to screw Trixie, so he just took a seat and watched her and Madge do the naughty, noisily suctioning each other's pussy with their warm wet mouths and tongue. Mark had to admit that the new addition to the family was going to pay large dividends if she didn't fuck herself to death first. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;About half an hour later, when old Jethro was still porking Tina who seemed to be in love with his huge cock, came a knocking at the door. He went over and opened to greet his son and Tina's mother standing there with silly grins on their faces. Linda wore just the bikini bathing suit bottom she had on when Mike carried her off to his room for plenty of newly wed sex with his favorite mother-in-law, who he had dreamed about fucking for months while he was courting Tina but wishing it was Linda spreading her legs for him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Linda homed in on her daughter who seemed to be having a very good time being fucked stupid by some heavy, middle-aged stranger with a huge cock. She settled herself down next to Tina, and watched her titties bounce in rhythm with every stroke the guy delivered. He paid her no attention, just continued pounding his fuckmeat into her daughter's almost completely destroyed cunt. Her entire fuck tunnel had become swollen to the point that Jethro was challenged on almost every stroke he delivered. Linda tried making small talk, but he wasn't interested, all his attention was focused on the blonde tramp who begged for more every time he took a breather to regain his strength. Linda began to fret, fearing that her offspring was going to be fucked to death by this silent, sex machine-like monster who seemed determined to turn her insides into mush before her very eyes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was just about then that Linda was visited by the legal owner of the brute currently ruining her daughter's internal organs. Her face was covered with Trixie's drippings and her lips swollen from all the sucking she had also performed to keep Trixie in good operating condition. Now she was about to intrude into the activity involving Tina, her mother and Jethro, who seemed to be acting a little like a giant pig when it came to this relatively slim piece of fuckmeat.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"If Jethro had his way your little money maker would soon be either brain dead or so fucked up internally, that she'd never be able to turn a trick again."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her remarks had gotten the attention of all assembled in this suite except Jethro who had shifted into another gear and was making Tina's tight body shiver and shake with every bomb-like stroke he delivered to his victim, the young whore, to separate her from Trixie, the old whore. All Mark and Mike could do were stare at this middle-aged woman and her overweight companion. They watched in almost a trance as she picked up the valise she had carried and opened it to reveal a collection of toys and drugs that would be the envy of any pervert. What she came up with once she rummaged among her instruments as she called them, was a medium sized plastic bag that she claimed would carry the day and keep the young whore from turning into a dead or brain-damaged lady of the evening. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the stunned onlookers watched and wondered what was going on, Madge calmly placed the bag over Tina's head and used some thin, coaxial cable to make the bag air tight. All the while Jethro was pounding the youthful blonde with powerful thrusts that left her internal organs battered and bruised. It would be almost two weeks before she was able to sexually satisfy her new husband, who by then was madly in love with her mother and already scheming to get their marriage annuled on the grounds of&nbsp; her failure to allow him his conjugal rights.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bag soon swelled from the carbon dioxide generated by Tina. Then they could see streaks of liquid rolling down the walls of the bag. By then the blonde teaser was beginning to struggle for air, sucking the rest of the oxygen from the bag. Jethro announced in a surprised tone of voice that the young whore's cunt was putting a death grip on his big cock, preventing him from any further fucking. Tina's efforts to escape the bag soon subsided&nbsp; and as they watched transfixed, the young bride's body began to stiffen and her firm tits barely moved, indicating that she was at death's door. Madge continued to twist the cable tighter and tighter around the trampy teaser's neck, bringing her to the end of her rope so to speak. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Trixie who broke the spell, screaming at Madge to release the bag from Tina's head. She refused to the amazement of the group. It was then that Mark took some action and his fist made solid contact with the side of Madge's head, knocking her over onto her side and allowing Mark to tear open the bag from Tina's head. It was then that Jethro roared and yanked his stiff cock fom Tina's death trap of a cunt. By then her face was nearly gray, her lips had turned a bright purple and her eyes were open but unfocused. It was painfully obvious that Tina's honeymoon had just been put on hold. How much damage to her brain had occurred during her period of suffocation would take many weeks and even months to totally manifest itself. It was then that the decision was made by Mike and Linda, who by then were living together at her home, to institutionalize the youthful trampy teaser in hopes that she might recover most of the brain damage that had happened while her brain was deprived of oxygen. Madge had guaranteed to pay the cost of Tina's rehabilitation, but the cagey woman also was given the rights that would allow her to use the trampy tease in the porn tapes that she sold in Asia.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was nearly two and a half years before what remained of Tina's mind allowed her to be discharged to the care of her mother, who by then was the sex slave of Mike and his dad. The trampy slut's IQ had been measured monthly for the past eighteen months and had shown some improvement, but still was less than average. In her thirty months of regimented control she had been taught many things that should have allowed her to fend for herself in some cases, provided it met local ordinances. In actuality her caretakers, Mike and Mark, acted as her managers. Tina's mother Linda had been long since reduced to the level of a sex slave by the two men, and had taken to her work and the discipline that made it function. Most of her clients were delighted to see that she was receiving proper discipline as was shown by the bruises, cuts and burns that decorated portions of her body. Often they would add to that number, claiming her lack of discipline or ability to peform as was required. Considering that Linda was a few years past forty, her figure still was rather enticing, helped significantly by occasional plastic surgery. Now the addition of her much younger daughter would only mean more income for her managers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Life at the facility had been no bed of roses for the trampy teaser,&nbsp; reduced to who, what, and where the staff chose to make use of her hot body. She had plenty of sex from personnel at the facility. There was sex aplenty during the day while she was in therapy, her bare body restrained and offered to any member of the facility who felt in need of her talents in this category. At the request of her financial patron, Madge, her discipline was very selective in order to keep her rather attractive body in the best of physical shape. Enemas, forced bloatings, hot and cold immersions in the training tanks, electric shock, fisting, sleep deprivation, plus sex with dogs and an occasional pony to avoid too much stretching of Tina's usually tight cunt were the typical discipline methods that were employed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At night nurses, orderlies, guards and even physicians did their best to keep Tina well adjusted and well fucked. The particular nurse assigned to Tina controlled the flow of personnel who paid her a visit or in some cases took her to a more secluded place where they could do even stranger things to the patient without letting others know of their kinky traits. However that was nothing compared to what she had to endure when she was working outside for Madge, making those filthy porn movies that usually meant doing animals of all types, or gangbangs featuring anywhere from a dozen to thirty perverts who did their bet to ruin her tight body both inside and out. Then there was Jethro who got to use her when she wasn't making a porn tape or pleasuring Madge as only a tramp like her was capable of doing.
&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Technically Tina was still Mike's wife and thus he was free to whore her out to his friends and customers as he saw fit, provided there was no money or other perks provided for her services. Three days after her return from the "hospital", Mike arranged a coming out party for his newest sex slave that was held on a yacht owned by a corporation which did business with Mike and his father. Tina was made to perform nonstop for nearly thirty-six stressful hours that featured half a dozen couples who beat the stuffing out of her when they weren't seeing how much water they could pump into her body. At first they used enemas, large economy-sized, red, rubber bags bulging with hot or ice cold water. The ladies found it amusing to force the slut to ingest her own voided enemas until her belly bulged as if she was pregnant with triplets and due in less than a month. Alas, too much anal fisting ultimately led to her asshole becoming too distended to take an enema. So for the rest of the time her cunt and mouth handled anything that they could imagine for her to perform. The ladies had a significant advantage over the males; their cocks made of plastic or hard rubber never got soft. How Tina managed to survive was a minor miracle, aided by the drugs they forced her to take in order to keep going around the clock. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That very evening when what was left of Tina was dropped off at the doorstep of Linda's home, the lady in question was upstairs in the masters' bedroom acting as the meat in their sandwich. Mike and his dad discussed making a new arrangement where Tina and her mother would be treated as sex slaves at home and whores outside the home. After all Tina was exactly that these days and none the worse for it. Later they would discover her battered, beaten, bloated and bum-fucked, bare body that indicated her new found friends might have gone a little overboard in their excitement to use this fresh flesh for the first time. However Mark was certain it would show some serious dividends over the next few months. Tina was young and strong, easily able to handle what they were planning for her. As it turned out, in general Tina was treated fairly well by her masters and mistresses, even though the latter were rather hard on her because of her youth and good looks. A few years of trolling for cock at the Den of Iniquity would soon change Tina's appearance and attitude. There was nothing like being naked, on her knees, hands tied tightly behind her back while a bunch of rednecks see how much piss they an empty into her smiling face and open mouth, while granny, who has a bladder infection, waits her turn to blind her with piss that has an odor unlike any animal known to man or woman.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Linda had lost some weight, gotten her boobs enhanced and was deighted to be Mike and his father's sex slave. She also spent plenty of time at the hot pillow motel where Trixie trolled for trouser snakes, learning the trade by becoming Trixie's assistant in a non paying position. Mike liked to drop in on his mom and check out her progress by fucking her bowegged while Trixie supervised. It seems he could never get enough of her brand new 40Ds, which would turn out to be a problem for the family in a few more years. Mike and Tina divorced, his claim being his unfaithful wife brought great shame to him and his company. The judge declared their marriage to be ended, and immediately after court was finished for the day had Tina provide him with a professional blow job that convinced him of the merit of her ex-husand's claims.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tina soon discovered that an older man was just what she needed to get her nice and juicy on a regular basis. Even better, her new "daddy" loved to suck all the cum pumped into that less than tight twat as soon as she got off from working her shift at the hot pillow motel. He used his custom made pussy baster to empty her cunt and then had her suck every drop from the&nbsp; plastic container before her daddy added his own load of boiling cum into her well worn snatch. Mike went out of his way to send clients to her when they needed some professional pussy instead of the regular stuff they were getting at home. It was rare to have a client pass on a free blowjob or some hard core anal from Tina. Those that did enjoyed the homegrown pussy provided by their teenagers who were thrilled to handle daddy for free. One lucky guy had two hot sexy teens, one thirteen the other sixteen, who just loved to give daddy all the twat a man could ever want or need. On top of that the thirteen year old,Carly, had a thing for bondage and discipline and daddy was delighted to take care of her little kinks as often as she needed his attention.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She seemed to spend her evenings naked and over her father's lap as he spanked her little butt to a nice even shade of red. Naturally the little prick teaser's hands were tied tightly behind her back and would remain that way until daddy had enjoyed her tight little pussy and wet warm mouth. Her older sister, Samantha, would tease her about gaining weight since she had often peeked into daddy's room to watch her little sister suck daddy dry. Samantha started to bring guys home for her little sister, who had little to say about it since she was naked and tied tightly to her bed with a pillow under her round butt. Usually the stud would make her suck his dick until her mouth got full. Generally Samantha would check in on occasion to make sure that the stud wasn't fucking Carly without wearing a rubber. Unfortunately some of the studs deliberately put small holes in their rubbers and fucked her hard and for long periods of time, shooting more than once inside her without changing rubbers. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This probably caused her pregnancies that occurred every other month or so. Finally her parents decided to let her go to full term with her latest accident. Studs arrived almost every day to do her now that they knew she was in the family way and had no idea who knocked her up. In school some of the male teachers would arrange for her to spend lengthy afternoons in one or another teacher's apartment, being nailed to the bed for hours straight. They would even invite guys from other apartments to join the fun. All Carly could do was put out pussy and take lots of enemas and spankings from the perverts that also attended her little parties. Finally in her seventh month they decided no more pussy fucking, but they still made her take it up the ass and give blow jobs, telling her that all the protein would make her passenger healthier.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Carly managed to deliver twins right on schedule. They were put up for adoption and quickly given to more normal families. Tina and her mother are still working hard as prostitutes and also service Mike and Mark's clients to keep everyone happy. Trixie made the mistake of cheating a customer of the motel and after being beaten half to death, she was arrested and given a three year minimum sentence to one of the worst women's prison where she currently services her new mistress.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rolf palsy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





