BDSM Library - One Day




One Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   short story about a mans abduction of a young girl







&nbsp; One Day
&nbsp; by roccodadom44
&nbsp; roccodadom6969@yahoo.com



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WARNING
&nbsp; Mg,&nbsp; this story contains underaged sex, rape, violence, scat, lots of other shit, if it offends you move on...peace....rocco


&nbsp; Nothing finer than a young cunt, built to take cock, no blood, no hair, a perfect cum dump, that yummy young cunt taste, fresh, could eat it all day. Got my young cunt the old fashioned way, snatched her on her way home from school, quick punch, cuffs on, under a blanket, front passenger floor, her sobs sweet, her smell enticing, hunting at its best.

&nbsp; Of course, I lived in a secluded place, middle of no fuck Maine, lakes region, my own two hundred acres, my cabin not visible from any road, the only road nearby dirt, five miles of potholes and nothing, except my hidden play land. The cabin was sweet, winterized, modern kitchen, the master bedroom, second floor loft, had its own bath, view of the setting sun.


&nbsp; Had my own dungeon, in the cellar, built as a wine cellar, now a pain cellar, the doorway concealed behind floor to ceiling shelves. It was well stocked, lots of equipment, loved to surprise my victims, give them my best. I mean I didn&#8217;t fuck around, had everything a well run torture chamber required, mirrors on all the walls, love to watch myself work a piece of meat. plenty of rings for securing slags, access to water, fire, electricity, had a custom built throne, shit right into a plexi glass box, where the cunt would lay, sealed in, get&nbsp; to watch a cunt roll in my feces, and piss.

&nbsp; My latest conquest a true preteen beauty, had&nbsp; gone to Rhode island, inner city, stayed in flop houses, all cash, no trace. Studied my girl for a week, her routine same, walked home to her empty apartment, always the same short cuts, her mom a crack ho, in the bar at noon, the kid on her own, a sad sack, she appeared to have no friends, vulnerable.


&nbsp; It was beginning of October, weather changing, she always wore a pink, hooded sweatshirt, loose, couldn&#8217;t gage her upper body, her face sexy, hair red, frizzy, a clown girly, lots of freckles, mmm. She had a perfect girl butt, her jeans showing it to distraction, long legs, rock hard just watching her, thinking what I would do to her, wouldn&#8217;t she sing for me, my tastes always required my doling out pain, girls and boys were tops, but I had cracked the whip for plenty of grownups, I was pure sadist, not a role player, others pain was my drug&nbsp; of choice.


&nbsp; Took the blanket off her as I drove the highway, her tears sexy, green eyes stunning all scared, her questions, begs, all fun to hear, would give her reason to beg soon. Her skin so soft, the first grope always sweet, her fat lips felt good as I inserted a finger into her hot mouth, told her to suck, she did, her eyes locked on mine, my smile, she might be that one, every sadist dreamed of meeting his perfect foil, we shall see. Her tits were still undeveloped, her nipple little rock hard pebbles, my fingers twisting them, easy, hard, easy, telling her how sexy she was, her fear real, noticed she had wet herself, often occurred on a first date with me, kidded her as long as she didn&#8217;t crap, her tears, she had to do number two, her term. I slapped her face hard, told her she was to ask to make playdo when she had to go, she would find out why, my love of watching cunts play with their shit unavoidable.


&nbsp;&nbsp; Soon as I carried her into the cabin, I started her training, she stripped shyly, lots of hesitation, getting me hot, her ribs showing through her thin frame, nipples still hard, her belly so soft, white with a&nbsp; sexy wave of freckles crossing her belly. She had on silky green panties, matched her eyes, hot, first look at her cunny quite intoxicating, fat lips, no hair, no hips yet, boney knees, big feet, sexy little girl, her ass was her thing, two firm orbs, covering a spectacular anal ring, healthy pink, perfectly segmented, virgin colon.

 We showered together, her amazement at my nine inches, rock hard, this girl was sexy, oodles of it, rubbed my cock on her divine body, how good it felt between her ass cheeks, her ahhhs, squirms, my hand spanking her ass, hard, her stillness, good girl, my greedy hand massaging her cunt lips, meaty finger went all the way home, first thrust, got her to admit some of her moms pickups diddled her, her admission it made her feel weird, nice she admitted, blushing so hot, I had her suck my finger, this time I sawed it in and out of her wet cunt, she moaned, gasped, farted, sweet little poopie girl.


&nbsp; Had her shit in the back yard, squatting, shivering in the cool air, back into the oversized, multi jet shower. Used my hands to get her shit residue, lots of soft shit, got some in her gagging mouth, smeared her nose, get her used to the aroma, her tears, she looked so sexy, shit stained, teary, her cunt needy.


&nbsp; I cleaned her, held her while she puked, rubbed her back, brushed her teeth, had her gargle long, she responded, as usual, these abandoned cunts gave in to any and all attention. How soothing to brush her hair, me in my rocker, her in my lap, both naked, she was stroking my wood, slow, easy, as I ordered her, sucking a blow pop, a treat for piggy, my left hand sneaking for a cunt feel, a nipple twist, get her used to accepting her tits as pain bags, She returned my kisses, her little tongue snaking into my mouth, mmm, her mouth cherry flavored from her pop, my hug loving, her squeal of pleasure, thanked me, for what, smearing shit in her face? She was happy to be away from her hell home, oh, my baby girl would please me.


 The electronic collar was for her own good, told her there were bears, wolves, and coyotes around, looking to fatten up for the winter, teased her that they loved to eat little girls, just like me, as I tickled her crazy, her laughs so satisfying to me, she was going to go to bed with me willingly, wanted this bundle of sexy girl to keep me warm all winter, I would train her slow, let her decide on how much pain she earned, all ready knew this baby girl had something about her, unlike the two dozen other victims I took here, they were disposable, and I did throw them all away, either buried, sunk in a lake, or fed to wild animals, my lil fireball was stirring up a mess of daddy fantasies.



Took her little hand in mine, as we climbed those stairs, both knowing what it meant, her look of fear, swear there was some lust to, she was excited, my pampering her paid off, she lay on the bed, let me kiss her, little kisses, big, sloppy ones, she laughed as our spit covered her sexy face. Tried to suck her nipples off, little bites, a big one, her squeal, sweet, loved to kiss her soft belly, run my tongue over her hot, tight baby skin, her thighs with just a little meat, soft inner thighs, my eyes inches from her cunt, her perfect cunt, how much prettier a preteen gash was, as opposed to an adult stinky, hairy, sloppy, well used canyon.




No taste better than fresh, young cunt, maybe young boy cock and ass, but this was good, sweet tasting, her juice starting to run, her moans, body twitching, little girl liked a sloppy cunt washing, my tongue going into overdrive, found her tiny clit, got her to experience a heavy orgasm, she was panting, talking lovers talk, body sweated, could live between her dainty legs.

 Her ass was fun to eat, my face book ended by her soft cheeks, my tongue deep up her colon, looking for treasure, found a leftover nugget, earthy, chewy, sour it was, perfect, my little baby shit good, wasn&#8217;t usually a shit eater, I tended to be the shitter, but this girl was already deemed special, that she came, had a real adult cum, juice running, clit throbbing, we would be lovers, that had entered my brain, ultra cool, meet my rather young wife, mmm.




&nbsp; Wanted it to be special, dimmed the lights, lit a bunch of candles, put on Barry White, softly crooning in the background, gave her body an energetic massage, she responded, lots of mmms, deep sighs, at one point she asked if I would be her dad, told her I was going be her husband, she giggled, I tickled, she squealed, called her wifey, she blushed, kissed me, on the lips, her little sex tongue entering my mouth, she liked sex, this would be special, started to believe I really found my girl.


 She was on her back, legs spread, cunt on display, good girl, I was over her, raging cock inches from heaven, gently rubbing my oversized cock head on her wet, puffy cunt lips, her oohs, I got an inch in, I was about four inches around, a fat beer can cock, it looked wild as her lips spread to allow me in, her grunts deep as I took her, six inches in her cunt, her tears, moans, my words of comfort, it would get better. Her blood on my cock excited me, love to pick cherries, she relaxed, good piggy, that was the thing, if a cunt stayed all tight, she was in for a painful ride, my girl knew to relax, she got it.

 I gave it to her, lots of thrusting, swirling my cock around in her pussy, expanding her walls, rubbing her clit, little gasps from her. Didn&#8217;t last long, flooding her cunt with my seed, best fuck ever, held her tight, never wanted this feeling to leave. Licked her tears away, told her she was all woman, my wife, she kissed me, her shy words, she was glad she was my wife, mmmm.


 I ate her cunt clean, spit my blood tinged seed on her cute belly, dipped my finger in it and lazily fed her a cherry cream pie, I enjoyed my share, lots of giggles between us, we were two piggies for sure. She fell asleep in my arms, her sexy little body rubbing against my hard body, her warmth so relaxing, never slept better.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   roccodadom44


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





