BDSM Library -  Groundhog Day




 Groundhog Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    one day in the life of my boy slave is like any other











 Groundhog Day
by roccodadom44
roccodadom6969@yahoo.com




 Warning
 This story contains underaged sex, gay, violence, scat, piss, torture, if this offends you, please go elsewhere, rocco




This story will detail a routine day in the life of my boy slave, always best if boy pussies have structure, routine, as they are easily distracted,have every moment planned for him, no time for him to feel sorry, a busy boy cunt is a happy boy cunt. My slave is fourteen, I have owned him since he was eleven, three years of intense training making him an owners dream, most of the time, all boys screwed up, it was just that way of the world, discipline an every day need. He is five foot two, one hundred and fifteen pounds, tiny for his age, maybe it was his diet, dry dog food,shit, puke, raw meat. Maybe it was the hormones, he had B cup tits, firm and smooth, his tits perfect fun bags, capped with collagen injected nipples, fat gum drops,waiting to be abused. His hair was dyed black, lots of curls, down to his ass, his pride was his mane, the rest of his body hair, even brows, removed permament. His face was sexy, had sultry, shiny green eyes, his skin so smooth, no need for makeup, his lips candy apple red, fat, just waiting to suck something. His body was delicate, his belly soft, flat, his hips wide, womanly, pointing to his extraordinary ass, perfect fat globes of fun, how his ass moved when he walked, often I threw him on the ground, analled him right where he happened to be, he was all boy cunt.



&nbsp;&nbsp; He always got up before me, never woke me, he would go downstairs, prepare my tea, roll me a bone, if winter, get the fire going, always without a noise. When I got up at five am, Baby would be kneeling beside the bed, naked, smiling, he always had to smile, his six inch fat cock raging, dripping boy juice. He could take my morning piss, never failed me, my toilet, his hot breath getting my nine inches stirring, his sucks tender, loving, he knew his deal, he ate my sweaty ass, caught my morning gas, loud, stinkbombs, his mouth swallowing my wet gas, his tender sucking my toes, each one sucked like it was a cock, my baby knew how to grovel.



&nbsp; Our toilet duties were next,as he crawled down the hardwood hall, the sight of his sexy butt before me, the way his anal ring showed itself, coyly, but I saw that perfect boy hole, enough to get me rock hard, I was dripping precum, my balls bouncy at his glorious caboose. As I brushed my teeth, he knelt at my feet, waiting, good boy. I spit my tooth paste into a glass cup, it was half full of my disgusting brushings, his tooth brush standing proudly in the gunk. He brushed his teeth when I finished, he swallowed the gooey used paste,wouldnt get stomach cavities, scampered between my legs, as I sat on the hopper, farting a storm, his deep inhales, his face inches from my anus, my balls resting on his forehead. I only had Baby eat my shit on Sunday mornings, not wanting to kill the boy, not yet anyways, and he could eat my whole offering, so sexy he was, his face pressed into his bowl, his mug always ending up shit coated, my little piggy.

 He wiped my ass, so delicate with the paper, his respect for me well learned, he would lick my ass afterwards, such a nice feeling, his tongue so warm, wet, energetic, as he got into my colon, my baby could eat ass. Always fucked him in the morning, different places, but needed to rut him early and often, today in the shower, standing up, his legs wrapped around my waist, my hard paws gripping his butt, slamming his perfect cunt up and down my nine inches, he could take it all, Baby could throw his cunt at you, mu cum blinding me, my legs buckling, his giggles as I hugged him, see I loved him, he knew that, still abused him crazy, thats life.

&nbsp; Enjoyed my tea, cereal, easy chair, watching the morning news homos, Baby eating his Kibbles and Bits, his crunching sexy, gave him a treat, a glob of my cereal infused spit, his oink sweet, he oinked, never talked, pigs didnt talk, except Arnold, and Baby wasnt that smart.&nbsp; He ate his pills, Viagra, hormones, his cock always hard, his body all girl, except his fat rod, it was six inches, but looked freaky big on his tiny frame, sexy boy cunt.



&nbsp; After breakfast, he cleaned and laundered, did an hour yoga routine, keep the boys body limber, didnt I enjoy taking him in new ways, there must be fifty ways to anal your baby. I retired to my library, watch the money talking heads make fools of themselves, catch up on my investments, spend half hour doing pushups, situps, shadow boxing, my body rock hard, better to get after Baby. Till lunch I read, only way to spend the day, had a bell I would ring, signaling Baby I wanted my lunch, always either tuna, chicken, or turkey salad served on an&nbsp; avacado or tomato, cup of fresh squeezed juice, Baby made lemon ade, he made the best. He was at my feet, eating his lunch, everyday for lunch was allowed to eat a salad, out of his bowl, greens, olives, and tomatoes,sprinkled with my snots, always saved my boogers for his enjoyment, his chunk of bread I drizzled with my urine, always kept some stored in a jug in the fridge, his face messy with the balsamic vinegar,lots of happy oinks, see I treated him good, he always had clean water to drink, on Sunday evenings he got to have a Mountain Dew, his favorite drink, of course, I always whipped his ass crazy every Sunday night, kept us grounded, made sure we both knew our roles.

&nbsp; He would sit in my lap, gently sobbing, sipping his Dew, watching our shows, while I played with his tits, his cunt, gave him lots of tender kisses, hugs, he oinked low, soft, like he was under a spell, he was, my affection towards him lulled him, ended the week on a lovey dovey note, our need to cling to each other so compelling, my slave for life Baby was, he was not a throw away toy, I was smart enough to know this.


&nbsp; After lunch, we took a nap, I would always eat his ass first, then he me, then I would suck him till he came in my mouth, his sperm went onto a black glass saucer. His sucking me was magic, how he worked at it, his need to please me so rewarding, baby adored me. He could take my nine inches down his throat, grip me with his muscles, milk me sweet, his breathing through his nose calm, his ability to make himself relax, perfect boy sucker. He took my load in his steamy mouth, spit it into the dish, a nice combined wad. Laying in bed, we would dip our pinkies into the sperm dish, feed each other our love juice, so sexy, so endearing, our thing. Would tell him a story, rub his sexy belly, his oinks of love, his ass shaking from time to time, involuntary, like an excited dog, my Baby. Always napped with Baby on his side, my cock resting between his cheeks, my arm wrapped around his elfen body, my nose nestled in his apple scented locks, a forty five minute total relaxation of our bodies and minds, his sexy purrs, occassional oinks, my smile, nice to nap with a grin on your face.


&nbsp; We showered together on waking, dressed for our daily walk, a six mile trip through the forest, passed a pond, a thirty foot waterfall, had fucked him many times under the cold, surging falls. He was good on the trail, picking up from my experience, even taught him to shoot, his joy at bagging a tom turkey, sweet, my baby boy hunter.That he could prep it, cook it, serve it, nice to own a boy cunt, nice indeed. I always made out with him along the trail,had to have him, something about the woods and teen gash, lots of spit swapping, groping, his tits perfect in my hands, hot, firm, his ass made to grope, his cheeks so full,the sexy silk panties so feminine, how warm his inner cheeks were, inviting you in, his boy hole puckered, swallowed my fat finger, wanted it, like a starving dog, it snapped it up, so tight, so wet and funky, my Baby had the best cunt.


&nbsp; We did this walk no matter the weather, he could snow shoe as well as me, his light body skimming over the snow, Baby was a little outdoorsman, he oinked his pleasure at pleasing me, always the proper feeling for a teen cunt. Returning from our walk, he had chores to do, start dinner, he had about twenty options, varied them, always good, Baby took pride in his cooking, my praise made him oink loud, shake his ass, another option for his showing joy, tonight it was swordfish, grilled, lightly basted in mayo first, kept it moist, his rendition of garlic potatoes perfect, he added a little crushed red pepper, kicked it up a notch, as ugly Emeril is want to say. For dessert he made me chocolate pudding, nothing like homemade, steamy hot pudding, let him lick the bowl, smeared some on my balls, let him enjoy, dribbled lots of my dark spit into his hungry mouth, I would chew the leftovers up, spit them into his bowl, his greedy snorts as he ate, snout buried in his dish, sexy ass waving at me, he always ate like that, always shook his money maker, glad to eat at all, had once not fed him for three weeks, pissed me off, whatever he did, he stopped it after that.


&nbsp; His chores done, he wore a red silk negligee,matched his nails, stopped at his cheeks, his bone on display, sexy ass prettying up the place, his three inch heeled slippers thrusting his butt out more, his tits begging abuse. Loved him on my lap, watching TV, fondling his sex pig body, loosening his anus for my coming rutting, hard twists of his fat nips, a few tittie slaps, lots of deep kisses, tender words, harsh words, swinging him emotionally, keeping him on edge, teen boys loved suspense, Baby craved it, a little something new.

&nbsp; We did our toilet thing, he drank my piss, brushed good, our shower loving, much hugging, sighing, giggling, sword fights with our raging boners, sometimes let him slide up my ass, he loved it, oinked himself hoarse, trying to rut me fast, his tits shaking, drool running from his gasping mouth,he enjoyed his few pleasures, was always thakful, good boy cunt.

&nbsp; Most nights our loving slow, deep, endless, for hours we fucked, sucked, kissed, snuggled, he would cum at least twice, some times three, me always once, occasionally twice, lots of spermies flying around. My bedroom had a king bed, lots of room to play, loved to fuck him missionary, my forehead on his sweaty brow, eyes locked, power fucking his tiny bum, savage thrusts, wanting my cock to hurt him, it did, his whimpers, moans adding to the ambiance, he would always start to enjoy it, throw his tiny body at me, oink sexy, legs wrapped around me, his tiny hands rubbing my back, Baby loved me fierce, I knew this true.


&nbsp; He could cum from my fucking him, his teen juice spraying everywhere, feeling like molten lava splashing my skin, my balls exploding my load way up his colon, if he could get preggy, he would have twins from that load, he drained me, hugged him, butterfly kisses all over his sweet face, gave him a verbal stroking, then a hard bum spanking, he loved it, oinked mad, his cock raging, always he went to sleep with a stinging bottom, its redness so sexy, always we slept in each others arms,our bodies merged, no closer lovers, my Baby, my boy cunt, my slave, my lover, every day Groundhog Day.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   roccodadom44


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





