BDSM Library - Lainey




Lainey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Elaine Shapiro is a working MILF with dark desires. When her secrets are discovered by a coworker her fantasies become very real.






"You sent for me?" she asked from the doorway.

I chuckled, not even looking up from the monitor.
"Harriet, Harriet," I said, "is that the way I've taught you to behave?"
I glanced over to find Harriet Mosley, Vice President of Human Resources standing on the spot flushed and squirming. There was an agonized look on her pretty face, a conflicted look, one that told me that she was finding it hard reconciling the aggressive, domineering career woman she had been with the slave she had become.

"N.....no Master," she stuttered.

"Then get over here and do it properly," I said, turning back to the screen. I heard the click of her heels on the concrete floor of the computer room, the rustle of her expensive suit as she stripped, but I didn't look her way. The worst punishment you can give a little slut like Harriet is to ignore her and so I did, using the time to refine the port access map on the company firewall.

"Master, you summoned this worthless cunt to Your presence?" her voice was low, 
trembling a little. Harriet had been a little full of herself recently so I'd given her that little speech to say whenever I sent for her. Call me old-fashioned but I think it's good to remind a girl of her place.

I looked up to find her kneeling on the floor beside the desk. Her jacket and skirt were gone, folded neatly and placed on a nearby empty office chair. Her legs were open showing her wet, shaved pussy to full effect, her hands were clasped tightly behind her head, and her eyes looked down at my feet. Harriet was in her early thirties, small and shapely with big brown, almond shaped eyes and shoulder length brown hair. She glanced up, noticed I was looking and quickly fixed her eyes on my shoes again.

"Better," I said, "but for your earlier insolence you will be punished." I noticed a shiver run up her spine. Harriet needs to be punished, needs it like she needs to breathe. It was that need that brought her to me in the first place, that need that makes her mine today.

But that was not the reason I'd brought her here. A man needs to expand his horizons and my next acquisition awaited.

"Elaine Shapiro," I said watching her closely, "what can you tell me about her?"
My little Harriet is so conflicted. On the one hand part of her resents the control I have over her, hates to kneel, hates the way I've perverted her. At the same time even the mention of another woman results in a little flash of green-eyed jealousy, even though Harriet knows she is not my first slave, or even the only one I keep.

"She works in marketing my Master," Harriet said, slipping her good girl face back on, "she's been here four years. I met her family at a company picnic, husband's name is Jim, her daughter's name is Melinda but I think they call her Mindy."

I nodded. That information was on the personnel record, what I was looking for was something more intimate.

"This Mindy? How old is she?" I asked.

Harriet shrugged. "I suppose eleven or twelve Master?"

"And Jim, what's he like? Do they have a good relationship?"

I saw something flicker in her eyes and I could see that she was struggling to say something nice.

"I want the truth, I said heading her off, "plus your gut feeling and any gossip you've heard."

Harriet sighed. "Relations seemed...... well a little strained my Master," she said still trying to sound charitable, "I have heard that they sleep in separate rooms at home and that she's waiting for Mindy to get a little older before pressing for a divorce."

"Really?" I said, "on what grounds?"

She swallowed. "H... his infidelity," she stammered.

I nodded. So far it all sounded good. I'd chanced upon something in one of the activity logs that suggested that Mrs. Elaine Shapiro had some hidden depths worth plumbing. I turned to my case and took out a crop. I'd had a riding crop cut in the middle and a small socket joint installed. This allowed me to break it down into two pieces when not in use and fit a standard length crop into a briefcase. I assembled the crop and turned to find Harriet already trembling with anticipation. Though I knew she'd deny it Harriet would feel a lot better after this and I suspected her co-workers would find her much more relaxed and amenable this afternoon. 

"You will befriend her," I said as I tested the assembled crop on the palm of my hand. "I want you to become her confidant and friend, I expect a full report on everything she tells you. Now assume punishment position three."
Harriet turned and raised her naked ass. She pulled the tail of her blouse up to fully uncover her cheeks and I could see the fading red marks from her last punishment. I traced a bruise with the tips of my fingers and she squirmed and moaned a little. Harriet had lost her underwear rights last week and had only won back her right to wear a bra at work with a very sexy lap dance.

"You will count out six," I commanded.

I brought the crop down hard on Harriet's right cheek. She yelped a little, but then I saw her relax and sigh deeply.

"One, thank you my Master."

I raised the crop again.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------;


I came home to find Harriet kneeling by the door. Nothing strange in that, even the little black PVC French maid's outfit she was wearing had been part of my orders that morning. The odd thing was the sparkle in her eye, the "I've been a very good girl" look she only gets when she's done something I'll reward her for. As she presented me with my crop I could see her red lips rolling around the ball gag she wore, I could tell she was impatient but whatever she wanted to tell me could wait. Instead I gave her my coat and bag and walked into the dining room where my dinner was waiting.

A few minutes later Harriet was by my side serving the wine. I made sure I had everything I needed and then said, "very good slave. You may remove the gag and kneel."Harriet flushed with humiliation/excitement and unfastened the snaps that held the gag in place. Harriet uses her voice a lot during the day, it is the source of much of her power and influence. Making her spend most of her time at home silenced enforces my authority and makes her subjugation more extreme. The gag has snaps so that she can take it off quickly if the phone rings. This is Harriet's house&nbsp; --or at least it was before she signed all her belongings over to me-her friends and family still call and expect her to be the one that answers.

With the gag off Harriet sank to her knees by the side of my chair. Her portion of dinner was waiting on the floor in a little enamel dog bowl with her name on the side. At first I'd made her eat and drink from the bowls with her hands cuffed behind her. As a sign of her progress I now allowed her a knife and fork and to drink from a cup.&nbsp; I looked down and found her kneeling cutely waiting for permission to start. I sighed. Being an old softy I poured a little wine into a glass and passed it down to her.

"You have something to say?" I asked. I noticed her flush again.
"Y... yes my Master," I was talking to Lainey.... err Elaine at lunch today. She told me that her husband is taking Mindy to visit his mother this weekend. Elaine and her mother in law don't get on, she's told him she has to work this weekend and can't go."

This was what I'd been waiting for. It had been two months since Elaine first came to my attention, two months where I'd spied on her every action and infiltrated my little informant into her inner circle.

"Did you do as I ordered?"
 
She nodded. "Yes my Master. I asked her if she wanted to have a girl's night out and she said that she would think about it. She said that she was looking forward to a quiet weekend at home."

I allowed myself a dark little smile. If I had my way little Lainey's weekend was going to be far from quiet.

-------------------------------------------------



"Marty? I'm so glad you're here! My personal printer just stopped and Mr. Radcliffe wants these offers to go out today!"

I adjusted my thick rimmed glasses and put my tool bag on the table. "S...sure thing, T...Tracy," I stammered, "D...don't worry, we'll have that f...fixed for you in a j..jiffy."

Most companies have a "trophy secretary" a girl who seemed to be hired more for her physical good looks than for any ability to type. In our office that was Tracey, small, blonde, blue eyed, button nosed Tracy. When she'd been younger, which was not that long ago, she had been a local beauty queen, now she was 
the secretary and assistant to Mr. J.R. Ratcliffe, V.P for sales and marketing and the biggest bastard in the building. This meant that if Tracy needed anything, you dropped everything and scuttled over there. In this case though I was eager to oblige, since my prey was now in sight.

Lainey had her own office, a throwback to a time when she had been acting deputy VP. The position had been axed as part of last year's cuts but in Cubicleville the possession of an office is 9/10s of the law. Not that she flaunted it you understand. Lainey wasn't that kind of person. Her door was literally always 
open. I looked though the doorway and saw her typing at her desk. Today was casual Friday and just about everyone still there was dressed business casual. Not our Lainey, her suit, blouse and scarf was as business like and impeccable as always.

At this point my subconscious, the part of my brain forced to listen to Tracey as she jabbered about her "problem," flagged the fact that she had finished. Reluctantly I dragged my attention back to the job in hand.

"W... well, l... let's see shall we?"

She smiled. For Tracey using men came naturally, it wasn't manipulation or any conscious process at all. Her entire life she had gotten whatever she wanted just by looking at a man and smiling. The urge to take Tracey, to train her to crawl to me on her knees, to beg for even the most basic things, to force her to 
perform the most filthy debased acts, just welled up inside me. It was all I could do just to fight it back. Desperate to get my mind on the job I glanced down at the little LCD display on her personal laser printer. 

The code was admittedly a little cryptic, it meant the high-tension wire needed cleaning. On most machines you would have had a smudged print, on this one the machine forced you to clean it. Inside I smiled.

I opened the printer and looked inside. Some people said that Tracey was just there for show and that she didn't do anything. I knew that wasn't true, a girl that did nothing wouldn't break as many things as she did. Part of her problem was that she tried to fix things rather than let someone else do it. Inside the cover was a small, smudged toner fingerprint. A side-glance at her hands showed the toner on her fingers. It was time to have some fun.

"D..... did you t....touch anything T...Tracy?" I stuttered looking puzzled.

"No!" she said, loudly, shaking her head. Her eyes opened wide and she peered at me worriedly.&nbsp; "Why?"

"I...I don't understand it," I said, "t....there seems to be a p..part missing?"

Her eyes got even wider. "Part missing?"

"Y...yes," I nodded, "the main polarizing element...... it's g..gone!"
I started to look around the printer. "I..it's just g..gotta be h..here someplace, just gotta!"

I started moving things about on the desk near the printer.
"You, check the floor T...Tracey. I...it looks like a little metal and p...plastic strip a...about three inches long."

Tracey glanced at the floor at first, but when it became clear that she couldn't see the "polarizer"&nbsp; she slid to her knees and started to rummage under the desk. Checking to make sure no one else could see I slipped back into the corner of the cubical folded my arms and admired the view. Casual Friday or not I suspect only Tracey could get away with wearing a leather skirt to the office. This was one of the knee length variety with a little slit at the bottom between the legs. With Tracey's ass thrust up the skirt conformed to her ripe rounded buttocks in a most appealing way. In fact in my opinion the only way Tracey's ass could have looked better was totally naked and reddened by a crop.
Sighing I took a swab from my toolkit, dosed it in alcohol and switched off the printer. A quick swipe and the wire was clean.
"F....found it!" I said. 

"You have?" she sounded relieved, but I decided the fun wasn't over.

"T...Tracey, while y..you're d..down there we need to r..reset the LAN connection."

"Okay?" she said.
"Okay dokey," I said stepping behind her. "N...now I want you to t....take out the n...network plug from it's s...socket, put in back in, wait 3 seconds, take it out, wait 3 seconds, p..put it back in. Okay?"

She scrambled. "Okay," she said, "ready."

"G..great T..Tracey now t..tell me what y..you are doing."

Tracey's leather covered ass slipped back until it was at most half an inch from my bulging pants.

"Out," she said.

Her ass slipped forwards.

"In."

She paused.

"Out"

She thrust her leather covered tush at my groin again. I smiled, wondering what it looked like if anyone could see us.

I stepped away and hit the retry button on her computer. As Tracey stood up the first page was printing flawlessly.

She beamed. "Thanks Marty! You were wonderful!"

Somehow I resisted the urge to laugh.

"T....thanks T..Tracey," I said putting my tools away, "It w..was g..great for me too."

---------------------------------------------------------------

"Hello?"

There was a pause.

"Hello?" I said again.

I looked at one of my side monitors where a small window displayed the view from the camera I'd installed over Lainey's desk. Her pretty nose was wrinkled, her face confused, at length she said, "I was looking for Marty?"

"Marty went home early for the holidays Miss Shapiro, can I help you? My name is Dave."I watched as she flustered for a moment. Agitated she pushed some of her long brown hair to one side, blue eyes scanning the screen on her laptop as she punched the return key in frustration. People liked Marty, he was a quiet, nervy little geek that everyone thought was harmless. People would tell him things or say things in his presence that they would never have said to someone else. They trusted him, were used to him being there.

I watched Lainey sigh.

"Look I was filling in some client data for the monthly report when my computer froze. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid if I reset I'll loose the whole afternoons work. I don't want to have to do it over now." She 
looked at her watch.I glanced at the clock on my desktop. It was 5:17PM exactly the moment that the Trojan program I'd loaded into her laptop was supposed to pull the plug.

"I'm sorry, Miss Shapiro," I said, "I just started a server upgrade, I'm afraid I cant come up there to help you for at least an hour."

"Damn! Look I...."

"There is nothing I can do," I said, loading my voice with fake regret, "once the upgrade is over I can try and recover your files."

I settled back and watched the screen. Lainey was mad but she was trapped. Better an hour late tonight than having to work on a holiday weekend.

"Ok call me when you're ready." I watched as she slammed the phone down.
I smiled and looked down at the naked Harriet as she shivered at my feet. She was kneeling, her ass resting on her heels, her legs parted, breasts thrust out and hands clasped behind her head. One glance showed the dampness on the parted lips of her pussy, the hard erect nipples thrust towards me. I laughed and pointed down at the bulge in my pants.

"Service your Master slave," I ordered, "then you will go home and prepare for our guest."

/----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------/

After Harriet left I watched Lainey get more and more frustrated for the next hour and a quarter. At first she did what paperwork she could without the use of her machine. Then she took a book from her bag and started to read it. The most important thing was that she didn't reach for the phone. On a normal night a 
delay like this would have resulted in panicked calls to Jim and calls to the neighbor who collected Mindy from school. This time Lainey just waited and read her book. That seemed to confirm Jim's weekend plans but to be sure I made a couple of quick calls. The first was to Lainey's house. I wasn't too surprised when after 5 rings the machine picked up. Satisfied I rang off 
without leaving a message.
 
My next call was to a motel a few miles south of Jim's parent's place. A polite clerk confirmed both that Mr. Shapiro had a room booked and that Mrs. Shapiro had already arrived. I again decided not to leave a message and put the phone down. I watched as Lainey turned the page on her book, wondering if she had 
noticed that Jim's frequent trips home to mommy had only started after Lainey had caught him cheating?

A glance at the security computer showed that only six people were still in the building. 

I picked up the phone.

/-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------/

The door buzzed. I glanced at the security monitor to see Lainey waiting outside. She was carrying her overcoat, her briefcase and the troublesome laptop.

I keyed the mic.

"Yes?"

"Elaine Shapiro," she said irritated, "you said if I brought my laptop down you would look at it?"

I pressed the button and buzzed her into the server room. "Come on in Miss Shapiro."

She struggled in with bag and coat. Dropping everything on the first available chair.

I wondered over.

"Let me see?" I took the laptop and sat down in my regular chair. I offered her one of the free seats and she collapsed gratefully.

"No one here but you?" she asked, realizing belatedly that she was locked in a soundproof room with a man she thought she'd never met.

"That's right," I said looking down at the laptop, "this is usual in this business, companies always upgrade servers and software at weekends and holidays, means less disruption for users."

"Will you be here all weekend?"

I shook my head. "I'm hoping not to be," I said nodding towards one of the monitors, "we'll see if the machines will let me."

I picked at the keyboard. There was a secret sequence of keystrokes that would disable the lock I had put on her computer but I wasn't ready for that just yet. Instead I looked at the screen and hit keys at random.

"How about you?" I asked, "big plans for the weekend?"

"No," she said, "not really."

"That's a pity," I said, "look if you really are stuck for something to do I know this neat club?"

She laughed, raised her hand and rotated the plain Gold wedding band. "Married," she said.

"Is he here at the moment?"

She shook her head. "No, he's gone to visit his parents this weekend," she said and then frowned, probably wondering why she had told me that. "Look can you call Marty and see if he has any suggestions?"

It's an odd thing to have someone talk about you as if you were another person. I suspect a real life Clark Kent or Bruce Wayne would soon get tired of the whole secret identity thing.

I keyed in the release code.

"Got it!" I said triumphantly, "now save your files... there."

She brightened. "Well, thank you SO much," she said, taking the computer from me. "You really are a life saver."

"No problem Natasha."

She froze. "I'm sorry?"

"Natasha," I said, "that is your chatroom nickname isn't Lainey?&nbsp; Well one of them. There is of course mom4BDSM and my all time favorite rapeslut."

She froze, trembling, her face white. I hit a key and nodded towards the big plasma display on the wall. A moment before it had shown the state of the corporate network, now it was slowly scrolling through the log of an IRC session. The room was a private one, created just for cybersex, and there were only four people in it. The top nick in the list, the creator of the channel and its only operator had the nick "rapeslut." 

As Lainey watched horrified the text continued to scroll as the three men and Lainey played out the game.

"Gang rape," I said nodding towards the screen, "one man for each hole. Now, what was it you wanted? Oh yes that's right, they play a black street gang and you're the lone white female cop they captured. All three of them where impressively and improbably hung as I recall. That session was what? Three hours?" I hit a key and the onscreen log changed. This time Lainey's nick was "mom4BDSM." 
 
"Home invasion," I nodded, "two men tie you to your kitchen table and gang rape you. I like the guy that thought to raid the fridge, nice use of root vegetables."

I pressed a key again.

"Finally," I said, slipping into my best Boris Badanov voice, "ve 'ave Natasha darlinks. You know, the girl who flirts with men in that chatroom the one looking for a Master?"

"Where....?" she said at last. Panicked eyes still locked on the screen.
"If you must do this Lainey, don't do it on company equipment," I advised, "we log just about everything. You will remember that you did sign an IT use policy when you joined the company? You were advised that misuse of company equipment does make you liable to immediate dismissal?"

She swallowed, still shaking.

"Take your jacket off Lainey," I commanded, "put it on the chair, then spread your legs and place your hands behind your head."

She froze, blue eyes locked on the screen.

"Tough job market out there Lainey, " I said, "someone like you, someone who has little formal qualifications, would need a good reference to find another job. Do you think you'd get one for hanging out on sex boards on company time?"

I punched a key.

"This one," I said putting rapeslut's three way back on the screen. "Now this is the killer. You did this at the weekend. You remember? You booked overtime for some of the hours you were playing. I do believe that's fraud. I suspect at the very least the company wants its money back."

I smiled, "Now, take off the jacket Lainey."

She did, eyes still glued to the big screen. I glanced up. This was the point at which the first "black rapist" pulled the panty gag from officer rapeslut's mouth and ordered her to suck him. Now that sounded like a 
good idea. I looked back and watched as she assumed the position I'd ordered.
I walked over.

Reaching up I started to unbutton her blouse. That caused her to shift her attention back from the screen. 

She didn't struggle or try to fight as I worked my way down the buttons.

"Take it off." I said stepping back.I watched while she did as I ordered. "Bra too."

There was a moment's hesitation, she looked at me with fear filled blue eyes then glanced back at the screen. This was the part of the log where rapeslut was on her knees sucking and licking 3 cocks. 

The bra came off.

I stepped forward and cupped her breasts, thumbs playing across her nipples. In a few strokes her traitorous buds had hardened. She looked up, agony in her eyes.

"Wha..." she began, I covered her mouth with my hand.

"Not a word, not a sound, understand Lainey?" I said sternly. I kept her eyes locked with mine. She nodded.

I rolled her nipples. Listened as she gasped. Her body was tight, strained. I just kept looking into her eyes.

"Let me tell you how this works," I said, never breaking eye contact, "your husband Jim teaches art at the local community college. Problem is that his idea of personal tutoring is very personal and involves motel rooms." She looked at me helpless. Her nipples were bullet hard.

"Remove your skirt," I ordered still keeping eye contact. Her trembling hands slipped from her head, I felt her fumble and then the skirt slid to the concrete. Her hands returned to her head.

"Good girl," I said nodding, "continue to serve me this well and we will get on wonderfully. Now back to Jim. Let me tell you Lainey's plan. You believe that when pretty little Mindy is a little older, say three more years from now, you can divorce unfaithful Jim and start out on your own." 

I slid a hand down to rest on her pubic mound. She was still wearing a pair of cotton panties so I ran my fingertips over them, sliding my index finger through the long depression in the front. She gasped and a little moan escaped her lips. 

I wasn't really surprised when my finger encountered a damp patch on the 
cotton panties. It was easy to keep my eyes fixed deep into her big blues without a hint of emotion. Slowly I stroked her sex, feeling her squirm to my touch.

"Your problem is this," I continued, "If you loose this job, and you will if this gets reported, you will have a lot of trouble finding another that pays as well without references. In addition the company would have to document the reason for that dismissal to cover themselves legally. That document, and these logs could be subpoenaed by Jim in any future custody hearing."

I nodded at the screen. At this point rapeslut, tied to the hood of a car in a chop shop, was begging her rapists to fuck her faster.

"Do you want him to use this in court?"

She moaned and shook her head.

I handed her a mint flavored condom. "On your knees."

-----------------------------------------------------------


I looked down at the shivering Lainey. She was kneeling at my feet, naked but for garterbelt and stockings. One hand was wrapped around the base of my rubber-covered cock, the other parted the lips of her wet sex and fingered slowly. She was weeping piteously, big fat tears rolling down her face as her mouth moved 
around my erect shaft.

"Lick it," I said.

She slipped my cock from her mouth, hand holding it firmly as her tongue slid over the rubber surface. She winced and pulled a face and I suspected that the mint flavor was starting to wear off. I tapped a few keys and brought up the logs of Lainey's main alter ego "Natasha."

Tasha was a girl on the make. One of these in-your-face, I'm-a-brat-punish-me kind of submissives that only ever exist in cyberspace, where the "punishment" is only virtual. Most of her activity was dedicated to finding a Master and over the year's worth of logs we'd collected she'd had many takers. The problem was 
that eventually all these men had wanted to take things to the next stage, to a real life Lainey had no intention of following through on. I don't think it would have been so bad if she had made it clear from the onset that she was only interested in cybersex. In the many bulletin boards and chat rooms of cyberspace there were thousands only interested in virtual relationships. Lainey however led her "Masters" on, hinting that she was looking for a real life 24/7 relationship when that wasn't the case.

It was time to change that.
I looked down.
"Stop."
She stopped.
I nodded at the log. "You are a cock tease."
"I was only..." she began.
I reached down and grabbed her face with my hand, squeezing her cheeks painfully. She stopped talking.
"I was not expressing my opinion," I said coldly, "I was stating a fact. You are a cock tease, what are you?" 

I released her.

She stiffened and looked down, murmuring something.
"What?"
"I....I'm a cock tease," she whimpered.

"Louder," I demanded, adding a dangerous edge to my voice that made her shiver.

"I'm a cock tease," she said. Her tears were now in full force and her face, already red from crying, flushed even brighter.

I looked down. "Keep licking."

As she sniffed and started to lick again I smiled down.

"I'm going to fuck you," I announced, "you get to decide if its your cunt or your ass that gets used."

"Please?" she whispered, bright blue eyes begging. I fixed her with my sternest look, watching as she looked away.

"M..... my cunt," she said at last.

"What?"

"My cunt," she said louder. She sobbed but I wasn't through yet.

"Beg," I said.

She looked up horrified.

"No please I...."

"I said beg."

She swallowed. "Please fuck my cunt," she said, her voice level, almost as if she had resigned herself to her fate.
"You forgot something," I said.
She blinked and looked up confused.
"My name is Master!" 
Lainey shivered.

/-------------------------------------------------------------------------/

I gagged her with the ballgag I keep in my briefcase. I did it not through fear that anyone else would hear but because I thought she needed the full submissive experience. I had a leather armbinder in my bag which I used to imprison her hands behind her back. It had the advantage that it left no marks, which meant that if Lainey was stupid enough to say anything later it would be her word against mine.

Bound and gagged in real life Lainey didn't seem half as feisty as her cyber identity Natasha had been I suppose having a real riding crop just inches from your flesh is more of a deterrent than its virtual equivalent.

On her belly, the near naked Lainey gag-kissed my shoe. That act of submission completed I pulled her to her feet and led her to the couch in the corner. I'd rescued the couch from a redecoration of one of the upstairs rest areas and though tattered it was perfectly serviceable. I pushed her down and forced open her legs.

Lainey looked up wide-eyed. There was no shaking of the head, no denial, no gagged begging for mercy. Instead she just looked up, shocked and scared as I pressed my cock against her pussy lips and pushed.

"Ummmm," she moaned and I felt her flesh ripple around me. Her eyes widened. For a moment I thought she was going it scream, then I thrust in deeper and she choked back the sound. Three fast strokes and everything was lubricated. Then, I thrust in deep filling her.

As her eyes bulged I withdrew half way.

"I......am......your......Master....now." I said, punctuating every word with a swift, shallow thrust inside her."Understand?" I thrust in deep.

"Ummmmmppphhh!!!" she gave a gagged squeal and reared up.&nbsp; 
I pumped in again,"Understand?"

She nodded and whimpered. I started to thrust in again. This time each stroke was long and deep. Lainey grunted, her sex clenching with every new intrusion. I speeded things up, ramming in long and hard as she bucked beneath me. Then I heard it, a change in the sounds she made as each stroke pushed her closer to 
orgasm. She was gagged of course so the sound wasn't that clear, but years of working around gagged women makes you good at decoding. There could be no doubt what she was saying....

"Fuck me."

And with that I thrust in faster, harder and deeper than before, listening to her chanting and begging as we came together.

/------------------------------------------------------------------------------/

"What will you do with me?" her voice was quiet, not begging, not whimpering. I looked down as she knelt at my feet. She was still almost naked, still had her arms strapped behind her with the binder, I had however removed the gag and it now hung around her neck like a strange fetish necklace.

"You forgot something," I said.

Lainey pouted. "Master," she said.

"Much better," I nodded, "as to your question. I will do whatever I please with my property."

She flushed. "Y..you can't be serious... Master?"

I looked down at her. "Why not?"

Her eyes widened. I think that was the point where she finally understood what was going on. She swallowed and trembling a little said, "oh my God..."

"As I see it the question is clear," I said, "and it's how much do you love your daughter?" I reached down and stroked some of the hair from her face then I stroked her cheek. "Under normal circumstances during a divorce a judge will almost always give the custody of the child to the mother. However, in the event that the mother is shown to be of low moral character.." I nodded at the rapeslut log that was back on the big screen. "Well in that case he may feel the father is the better choice."

She looked up at me, eyes wide.

"So like I said, it depends on how much you love Mindy. If you love her and want to keep her with you then the price of that is total and complete obedience. You will serve me as a slave from now until I decide 
to release you. Alternatively you can tell me to go to hell, in which case Jim gets all he needs to take Mindy from you."
I smiled.

"If you accept my terms kiss my foot like a good little slave. Of not, tell me to go to hell and I'll release 
you."

I could tell she wanted to tell me where to stuff my offer, but in the end she was trapped and we both knew it.

Bending over she pecked at my shoe.
"Yes Master," my new slave said




 









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Quin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





