BDSM Library - Cameron Diaz Becomes A Goddess




Cameron Diaz Becomes A Goddess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Cameron Diaz discovers a power that she has and uses it.






Part 1

Cameron Diaz is one of the sexiest women alive, and also one of the most wealthy. She has made so many awesome movies, and could get any guy she wanted. She could afford to buy anything she ever wanted, lived in a huge house, did not have to work hard. Basically she lived the life of any super star. But Cameron Diaz wanted something that no one else had, something that made her different and set her apart from all of the other rich actors and actresses out there. One of Cameron's favorite things to do was to go get her nails done, she loved getting pedicures and manicure, and was often had appointments twice a week. She just love the feeling of the the treatment on her tired feet and hands, loved the way it looked but most importantly the feeling of power she felt when she saw people on their hands and knees working hard to make her feel good. Thats when it hit her, she wanted someone around her all the time that she could boss around, someone that would follow her every command no questions asked and most importantly someone who did this stuff voluntarily. How was she going make this happened? Cameron did what anyone did to find out about a new topic quickly, she got on her computer and googled "having personal servants." There were not very many results, most of the results were about the civil war and the freeing of the slaves. However the very last result of only twenty was entitled female domination. Cameron Diaz clicked on this link and it was a basic description and over view about what female domination was and the several kinds and life styles that people who were interested in this stuff lived. To say the least she was extremely fascinated by this topic. She actually spent nearly all night reading about it. This was getting her wet, the idea that it was actually possible these days for someone to own a slave and treat them accordingly really excited her. She truly thought that she was deserving of such treatment. She imagined how much easier her life would be, and all the benefits of owning a slave would be. But who in the world did she know that would willingly submit to her without it being some total creeper? Miss Diaz finally went to sleep at 2am in the morning with this lingering question on her mind.

The next morning Cameron Diaz woke up at 10am, after staying up later then she usually would the night before. She got out of bed and put her robe on then headed down stairs to make herself breakfast. While she was eating her breakfast Cameron got a phone call from her older sister and personal assistant named Chimene. Chimene handled the little details of her acting career. For example when Cameron was going to make an appearance on a talk show on TV, Chimene made sure that the specifics of what was in Cameron's dressing room were in place so she felt at comfortable, picked out what she would wear and made sure her schedule was in order as far as when she was working on a movie, her beauty appointments and other scheduled activities that Cameron had to do and liked to do. Chimene enjoyed working for her sister, and was happy that they had such a good relationship. Growing up they were always very close, and had the typical sister relationship. They use to paint each others nails and try each others makeup, however more often then not Cameron was kind of in charge and Chimene always followed. With all this going through Cameron as she was on the phone it dawned on her that the perfect person to make her slave was her sister. When Chimene finished talking Cameron told her that she should come over for dinner that night and that she had something that she needed to talk to her about. Chimene's personal live was virtually not existent, and she was a workaholic so she did not have anything better to do that night. So naturally she agreed. Cameron told her sister to come at 5pm and plan to spend the night. It was a Friday night and if all worked out well and as planed then Cameron wanted her sister around for a while. 

When 5pm finally came Cameron had come to the conclusion that the best way to go about this was to be straight forward with her sister. She was just going to tell her sister what she had read about and researched and that she that she would make a great slave. Also that they would take it slow at first and move forward as they both felt more comfortable. Right on time the door bell rang and Cameron answered the door. Standing in front of her was her slightly taller more clumsy sister. She invited her in and Chimene followed her sister to her living room. After some small talk Cameron went for it. She started by say "Chimene I've decided that I'm going to make some changes to my life style for I think the better." Chimene replied "Oh really how so?" Cameron continued "I've discovered this new life style called female domination, I stayed up till 2am this morning reading about it." Chimene asked "What's the basic gist of it?" Cameron answered "Well a women enters into a relationship with other girl(s) or guy(s) and basically owns them, and the other girl(s) or guy(s) is the dominant women's slave." Chimene again asked "What does that have to do with me?" Cameron answered "I was kind of wondering if you would be willing to enter into a relationship with me like this as my slave? Look you already work for me, and you have no social life. Plus when we were kids you would always follow me around and do what I did. Lets face it you have always looked up to me." Again Chimene asked "What would I have to do?" Cameron getting increasingly more frustrated answered "You would do whatever I say, you would be my slave. Heres what I suggest, lets just try it out for a month and if you don't like it we can stop and go back to the lives we lived before this." Chimene sat there thinking While Cameron started saying "please, pretty please. How can you say no to this face?" Chimene finally agreed, and Cameron was so excited, she then said "Thanks so much sis this is going to be great. Here at the rules: 1. From now on you will address me as Miss Cameron. 2. From now on I will call you slave. 3. You must obey all of my commands without hesitation. 4. My needs are always more important then yours. 5. Out of respect to me you will always bow down to me, and when ever I enter a room you will immediately fall to your knees. If you ever enter into my presence you will kiss my feet no matter what I'm wearing. Do you understand?" Chimene replied "Yes Miss Cameron." Cameron liked this and realized that her sister slave was learning quickly. Cameron then said "Ok slave go make me dinner, and serve it to me when your done." Slave dropped to her knees, kissed Miss Cameron's socked feet and then went to the kitchen to work on dinner without saying a word. After about a half hour slave walked into the living room with a tray, set it up in front of Miss Cameron and then went into the kitchen to get the baked chicken and green beans meal that she had prepared for Miss Cameron. She brought the food in put it on the tray, gave Miss Cameron her cutlery and then poured her a glass of wine. This was amazing Miss Cameron thought. Slave then got down on her hands and knees, kissed Miss Cameron's feet again and waited for another order. Miss Cameron realizing what was going on then said "Slave massage my feet." Her slave obeyed with out hesitation. Cameron realized that her sister was really getting into this and she liked it, she sat there enjoying the most comfortable dinner she had ever had in her life. By the time Cameron had finished dinner it was 8pm and she was very tired because she had been up so late the night before. Miss Cameron then said "Slave I'm going to bed, you can sleep on the couch and be waiting at my bed room door with breakfast at 8:30am got that." Slave responded humbly "Yes Miss Cameron." And that was the end of the night. 

Cameron woke up at 8:30am on the button and yelled "Get in here now slave." In walked her slave with a fruit salad and a fresh cup of coffee just the was she liked it. Slave then put the tray of food comfortably on Miss Cameron's lap and then got down on her hands and knees at Miss Cameron's feet, then she began to massage the. Cameron amazed again enjoyed another wonderful meal, thinking boy I could get use to this. After Cameron finished eating she ordered her slave to take the tray and dishes away and to go down stair and clean them and then after that she was to come back upstairs and await further orders. Slave washed the dishes very quickly and found herself jogging up stairs to get back to Miss Cameron. When she got back upstairs she found that Miss Cameron had changed into her dark pink bikini and white flip flops. She rushed into Miss Cameron's room and kneeled in front of her and kissed her feet. Miss Cameron then ordered "Fetch my magazine on the night stand, my nail car kit and the two bottles of dark pink nail polish on in my bathroom cabinet. Then follow me out side to the pool" Once they got out by the pool Miss Cameron made herself comfortable on her lounge chair and ordered slave to hand her her magazine. Miss Cameron then said "I want a pedicure and manicure slave, take off my flip flops and get to work." While slave was working she looked up at Miss Cameron relaxing reading her magazine and realized this is where she belonged in life, at her dominant sisters feet obeying her every command. When slave finished Miss Cameron's pedicure and manicure she truly looked stunning. Miss Cameron then ordered her slave to giver her a back massage as she finished reading her magazine. The whole time Miss Cameron was thinking this is the life, I love this treatment. Finally Miss Cameron snapped her fingers and ordered her slave to go get her lunch. After Miss Cameron enjoyed a lovely garden salad that her slave had so lovingly prepared for her the rest of the day was spent training slave to give massages the correct way so that Miss Cameron could enjoy maximum pleasure from then on. After dinner on Saturday night Miss Cameron decided it was time to check in with her sister slave. She was doing a great job so far but she wanted to make sure that her sister was not just acting like this to make her feel good. After she finished up a wonderfully prepared pasta dish for dinner she sent her slave to clean the dishes. When she returned Miss Cameron said "I think its time that we talked sis, you've made it through you first full day of slavery and now that you know what its like why don't you sit down on the couch and tell me how you felt." Chimene replied "If you don't mind Miss Cameron I would rather stay on my knees at your feet, I have discovered that this is what I truly want in life and that serving you is my true calling." She then moved a little closer to Miss Cameron's feet picked up her left foot and rested it on her shoulder and took her right foot in her hand. She then began kissing her feet, then after about five minutes of kissing progressed to licking her soles and sucking her toes. Miss Cameron was thinking at this moment that his felt so good. After and hour and a half on her right foot slave put Miss Cameron's right foot and rested it on her shoulder and gave the same treatment to her left foot. By the time she finished and kneeled at attention it was well passed 10pm and Miss Cameron was tired. Miss Cameron announced "I'm going to bed, you will come upstair and massage my feet while I fall asleep. You will massage my feet all night as an act of celebration of you submission to me." At that the night had come to an end and the start of a fantastic new life for Cameron Diaz!

To be continued

Part 2

It had been week since Cameron Diaz and her sister entered into a dominant/submissive relationship. Cameron had really started to embrace her role. She loved the pampering she got whenever she wanted and did not have to pay for things like pedicures and manicures any more. Slave was also starting to enjoy serving her sister, she figured that she worked as her sisters personal assistant any way, and her job was her life. Why not just continued her work in a more personal way. Slave sold her house and moved in with Miss Cameron. Miss Cameron had thought that she lived well pervious to the discovery of the dominant/submissive life style. She never had to worry about the house being cleaned and did not have to spend the thousands of dollars a year that she usually did to get her nails done, have pedicures or manicures or just spend the day at the spa. All she had to do now was snap her fingers or bark an order and it was obeyed without question. It was strange how submissive Slave got in such a short amount of time, and wondered why. After only a week of living this way Miss Cameron tried to engage her sister slave in conversation. She asked "Slave do you enjoy serving me?" Of course Slave replied "Yes Miss Cameron!" I a very mono toned voice. Miss Cameron then asked "What is your favorite thing to do to serve me?" Slave replied "Worshiping your feet Miss Cameron, I am completely addicted to your feet. I could spend all day kissing and licking your soles or sucking your toes." As they were speaking Cameron was sitting up on a comfortable chair, looking very regal and Slave was kneeling on the floor at her feet not looking up but looking constantly at her feet. As the conversation continued Slave became even more mono toned and her replies simply became only "Yes Miss Cameron." This was very strange it seemed that Slave was not herself any more.

Just then Cameron's former maid walked in to collect a few of her belongings that she had left behind. Cameron no longer needed to pay a maid if her sister slave was going to do the work now. It was then that she had an idea, she then snapped her fingers and commanded her slave to go get Maria her maid and have her come into the living room where they both were. Chimene got up and obediently did as she was told. Once Maria and Chimene returned Miss Cameron ordered her slave to wrestle Maria to the ground at her feet and hold her there. You see Cameron had a funny idea that there was something very attractive about her feet and she wanted to try something. Chimene did as she was told and Maria was soon pinned on the ground yelling out curses at Cameron, having already been upset about the fact the she had just been fired. Cameron simply picked up her feet and put them on Maria's face and left them there for about thirty seconds. After that she removed her feet and Maria was completely silent. Miss Cameron then asked "Marie are you ok?" She replied "Yes Miss Cameron, I wish to serve you." Miss Cameron then asked "Why did your attitude change all of the sudden?" Maria humbly replied "Your feet are extremely addicting, I love everything about them and would do anything to worship them all day. I give my life to you to use it in any way fit because you allowed me to be at your feet." Miss Cameron was amazed. She had discovered that she had a great power that she would use to make as many people submit to her as possible. 

To be continued









Part 3&#8232;&#8232;

Miss Cameron now sitting outside her huge mansion, on a comfortable lounge chair pool side enjoying attention from her two slaves. One licking her left foot and the other pedicuring the other. Miss Cameron did look like royalty, she was looking sexy in her bright pink bikini, which her toe and fingernails would soon match. Plus the two slaves on their knees at her feet really helped to further the picture. After a week Cameron had gotten use to the pampering that she was constantly getting from her two slaves. At this point she did not even care what their names were she just called them slaves and pointed at the one she was speaking to at any given time to distinguish between the two of them. To Miss Cameron they were not even people any more, they were more her property. It was hard to believe that a week ago that one of Miss Cameron's slaves was her sister.&#8232;&#8232;On this particular day as Cameron received her usual pampering she was lost in thought, mostly about the power she now had with her feet and also about something that had really annoyed her for much of her career as a movie star. How young stars these days had it so easy, where as when she was coming up she had to work her ass off on movie sets to get her chance in a movie let alone starring in one. The ones who really annoyed her were these new young singers like Kesha and Katy Perry. To Cameron they were nothing, not good at what they do and if it were not for the technology of the day they would not be able to produce the recordings that they had. It was at this point that Miss Cameron decided to put this to an end. She ordered one of her slaves to get her cell phone, after that she phoned Kesha and Katy and asked if they would like to have dinner at her place that night. Little did they know that Cameron planed on enslaving them and taking all of their profits that they had made on very little natural talent. &#8232;&#8232;When Katy and Kesha showed up at Cameron's place that night at 7pm they were so excited about meeting her. They had both looked up to her their whole lives, it was truly an honor to be invited to her house. Little did they know that after dinner Cameron planed on using her new found feet power to enslave the two young pop stars. One of Miss Cameron's slaves answered the door and escorted them into the dinning room where they would be eating dinner. Shortly afterwards Cameron came in and they started talking about everything under the sun as women usually did. Even through Cameron was extremely repulsed by this, she was an actress and could put on a good show until the two girls were her slaves. The one thing that Kesha and Katy both noticed were the blank stairs that Cameron's servants had. They thought it was strange but truthfully did not care as long as they did their jobs. They had a lovely roasted lamb meal, and after they were all very full. Cameron suggested that they move into the living room to relax and enjoy some drinks. When they arrived in the living room Miss Cameron ordered one of her slaves to massage her feet, while the other go fetch the "special" drinks that she had prepared for Kesha and Katy. These "special" drinks consisted of a little bit of water and a lot of Miss Cameron's foot sweat. The two young pop stars were a bit taken aback by Cameron's use of the word slave and the slaves obedience. The slave returned quickly with the drinks and handed them to the two girls and then kneeled at Miss Cameron's feet awaiting her next order. The two girls took on big gulp of the drink and almost spit it out as quickly as they had gulped it down. However as they swallowed the drink they started to get that blank stair in their eyes. With in 30 seconds they kneeled on the floor crawled to Miss Cameron and kissed her feet. They then said in unison "How may we serve you your highness?" Miss Cameron had two new slaves, what would she do with them there was so much to be done around Cameron's lovely mansion and so much pampering that Miss Cameron deserved.&#8232;

Part 4&#8232;&#8232;

By the time Cameron had enslaved Katy and Kesha it was only 9pm, which meant plenty of time to have fun that night. She sent her other two slaves to bed so that Cameron could have time to train her newly acquired slaves. &#8232;&#8232;After Miss Cameron's two slaves had gone to bed she turned to Katy and Kesha and asked "How do you feel right now, answer one at a time?" Katy answered first "I feel very honored to be kneeling at your feet. Please may I served you for the rest of my life. I will do anything you command." Then Kesha said "I absolutely agree with Katy, I am addicted to your feet. I will serve you for the rest of my life. Do with my as you please!" Miss Cameron replied "Thats more like it, you two along with the other two slaves will serve me for the rest of you lives. Now first thing is first I've got to train you, and tomorrow you will empty your bank accounts and bring all that money to me." The two slaves simply replied "Yes Miss Cameron." Cameron continued "Ok here are the rules. One you do whatever I say when I say it. Two your lives of being rich and getting what you want are now over, now its all about me and what I want. Three if you disobey me I will punish you, however I don't see that happening much because you two just voluntarily offered to be my slaves. This was your idea, I just simply accepted your request. From now on whenever you see me you will drop to your knees out of respect for me and if I get close you will kiss each of my feet. You will learn how do give pedicures, manicures and massages because I deserve such pampering. The days of you getting to enjoy these amenities are now over. Also You will be responsible for cleaning me, my house, cook and my laundry. The house cleaning and laundry will be done at night after I have gone to bed. I can not live without the attention of all of my slaves while I am awake. You will also have shoe licking duties, I can not wear dirty shoes. Do you understand these rules and your new place in life?" Cameron finally asked. Slaves Katy and Kesha responded meekly "Yes Miss Cameron." The Cameron asked "Then what are you doing just kneeling there come and clean my feet." Her two new slaves leapt into acting and began licking Miss Cameron's feet all over and sucking her toes. After this went on for awhile Cameron decided it was time to go to bed, so she commanded her two new slaves to stop and follow her upstairs. When they got upstairs she got into bed and had them kneel at her feet. She then commanded them to continue cleaning her feet all night. Slaves Kesha and Katy willingly accepted. &#8232;&#8232;Miss Cameron fell asleep thinking about how productive this evening had been, and looked forward to tomorrow, her first day with four slaves!&#8232;&#8232;

To be continued



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ike


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





