BDSM Library - Ed Kilpatricks - Caught Witout Trousers




Ed Kilpatricks - Caught Witout Trousers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ok, if you liked my previous stories, you\'ll love this one! Lot\'s of the usual cross dressing, bondage and basement dungeons so basically, the usual EdK stuff!






Ed Kilpatrick's
Caught Without Trousers


Setting the scene:

This particular story was prompted by my first ever story, "CAUGHT." I've only ever been caught cross dressed and in bondage once before (so far) and I vow that it will never happen again (I hope). This doesn't stop me fantasying about the passivity of being caught by my rather attractive and single next door neighbour.

Anyway, hope you enjoy my latest tale, written during august 2010.


Saturday 1st August 2010:

I'd been away on business all week and returned home on Friday night, instead of Sunday when I'd planned (1st mistake). The cleaners had been during the week so my house was spotless from top to bottom and so I'd a free weekend to do what I wanted, dressed as I wanted and as you've guessed it, that means cross dressed! After lying in until 10 (ish), I got up, showered but instead of fetching something from my own wardrobe, I headed to the spare room to fetch something from Debbie's wardrobe. My name is David but when dressed as a girl, I think to think of myself as Debbie. I should point out that I'm a straight guy and have never had a gay thought run through my head but here in my private world, Debbie was about to appear for an entire Saturday.

My collection of female clothing had grown over the years. The internet and epically eBay had made my cross dressing so much easier and the array of skirts, dresses, jersey's, wigs, tights and underwear had grown to take up all the hanging and drawer space in my spare bedroom, Debbie's room. It was early August and quite warm outside; well as warm as it gets in central Scotland. Today I pulled on my favourite tight body-forming pants (black) that squeezed my stomach and a gel filled padded bra (also black).&nbsp; I then pulled on a pair of 90D black opaque tights, followed by short sleeved floral patterned satin dress. After slipping into a pair of low heeled black pumps, I pulled on a long auburn wig that cascaded down just below my shoulders. I certainly was no looker but that wasn't the idea as cross dressing was about how I felt in woman's cloths and no one else. At one point during the morning, I also added a long black silk scarf to my Saturday outfit, tying into a thin band, before wrapping the very long material twice around my neck and tying the tight knot at the back, allowing around four feet of satin to fall behind me. I felt great and very horny but as the morning turned into afternoon, I caught up with TV from the prior week on Sky+ and even made myself a light lunch. At around two-thirty I couldn't wait any longer so it was time to get into some bondage.



I headed back upstairs to my bedroom to open the large storage box of bondage toys at the foot on my king sized bed. I planned to continue watching TV this afternoon so my idea was only some light bondage and therefore I picked out my prison set, consisting of a pair of handcuffs, attached to a pair of leg-irons via a long chain. Movement was fairly easy in this set but once my wrists were handcuffed behind my back, there was no way to remove the gag that I was about put on. Before chaining myself, I picked out a small black silk square scarf and stuffed it into my own mouth. I then peeled off three generous strips of silver duck tape and sealed my mouth well and truly closed! I don't know about you reading this tale but I hate the untidy way duck tape looks so I pealed the long black satin scarf from my neck, let out the tight folds and wrapped the soft material twice around my lower face, still allowing ample material to fall behind my back. I should also say that I removed the wig before tying the scarf gag and that meant no material got stuck in my hair. Once the wig was back in place, I locked my ankles into the leg-irons, followed by my wrists in the attached handcuffs (behind my back). A little slower than I came up, I headed back downstairs and to finish watching TV from the week I'd spent away (2nd mistake now complete).

I was only half way through an episode of "Top Gear," when I heard the front door being unlocked and opened. My third and final mistake was to leave the chain off the door, since I'd opened it earlier to pickup milk, left overnight by the milkman. I then remembered (my first mistake). Ellen my next door neighbour always checked on my house when I was away on business and I'd forgotten to tell her that I'd changed my plans and came home on Friday night. Surely she would have seen my car in the driveway and therefore know that I'd come home early. I sat still, frozen in fear as I was about to be caught for the second time in my life. There was nothing I could do! I couldn't get up and switch off the television because the noise from Top Gear was unmistakable:

"Hello Dave, are you home," I could hear Ellen calling.

Again, I couldn't respond due to the gag but I was still frozen, petrified as Ellen was about to see me in one of my weekend outfits, not to forget my bondage:

"What have we here," laughed Ellen as she walked straight into my living room? "Finally I've you Dave, something I'd hoped to do for years."

I should also explain that I live on a corner and Ellen's house is sideways to mine and while I hadn't expected her to be able to see me when cross dressed, I'd misunderstood her view of the back of my house:

"Dave," Ellen continued, standing right in front of me. "I've seen you around your house wearing girl's cloths for over a year now and seeing you this morning, I knew today was the day to confront you, especially when I saw you upstairs, adding a little bondage to your outfit."

I was shaking and trying to get words out behind the gag but no audible sound was possible with the thick silk padding I'd stuffed in my mouth.

"Relax David, I'm not going to hurt you," reassured Ellen as she sat down on the couch beside me and rubbed her hand on my Lycra covered leg: "Umm, I do like what you're wearing David!"

Ellen then got up and headed upstairs. Soon she was back with the keys to my freedom in her right hand:

"Want these," teased Ellen?

I nodded my head and with a mumph, I was trying to say, 'yes please!'

"Too bad," replied Ellen. "Dave, stand up so I can get a good look at you?"

As requested, I stood up and showed Ellen the extent of my bondage and outfit.

"I really do like that dress David but especially the black tights," Ellen continued. "I bet they make your legs feel great?"

Again all I could do was nod my head in agreement.

"You really do have an excellent wardrobe David, not to mention a fantastic array of toys so let's go upstairs and I can add my own touch to your misery," laughed Ellen? 

I followed Ellen upstairs as fast as my chains would allow me. I was met in the master bedroom by Ellen holding a pair of handcuffs. I was instructed to go and sit on the bed and get myself as close to the steel head-rail as possible, which enabled Ellen to lock one of the cuffs to the steel rail and the other around the chain between my handcuffs. I had to pull up my knees because my ankles were still locked in the leg-irons and the chain between my wrists and ankles didn't allow me to stretch out my Lycra clad legs. Ellen then sat on the bed beside me:

"Are you scared Dave," she quizzed?

I nodded my head.

"Oh please Dave, don't be scared," Ellen tried to reassure me as she rubbed her hands along my Lycra covered legs. "Umm those feel nice and see you're little man is getting excited!"

Ellen was referring to my cock, which was by now trying to break free from the very tight pants that kept him secure for now.

"Do you like what I'm doing Dave." Teased Ellen continuing to rub my Lycra clad legs?

Again I nodded.

"That's great Dave," Ellen continued. "I'm going to head home for a while as I've got some friends coming around tonight but I promise, I will be back later."

I shook my head and mumphed into my gag as loudly as I could but Ellen just smiled picking out a silk hood from my toy box:

"You sure do like satin's and silk's Dave," remarked Ellen as she pulled the black silk over my head, tightening the draw string around my neck. "See you later!"

With that I heard Ellen heading downstairs and out of the house.

Here I was for the second time in twelve years, handcuffed to my bed with no escape until someone else released me and in this occasion it was my next door neighbour (Ellen) and not my first wife (Karen). Maybe this is a good time to bring you up to speed on Ellen. She is a single girl in her late forties, a little out of shape but still quite pretty with medium length blonde hair, which I knew wasn't natural. Ellen had been single since her husband Sean left her just over a year ago for a younger girl. At the time Ellen was divested and had turned to partying and drinking far too much wine, which quite frankly put me off her. She was also a little unsure of herself, always fishing for complements when we did spend time together for the odd meal and even a drink now and then. Anyway, back to now and my current situation: chained to my bed, dressed as a girl, gagged and hooded. I had fantasised many times about being a damsel in distress and therefore I'd masturbated many times to the thought of my last experience, twelve years ago. Here I was again, in a similar position and with absolutely no idea when Ellen would come back to free me. It was during this enforced bondage session that I began to understand what it was like to be gagged for a prolonged period and to wear the black silk hood, which was now sticking to my face with sweat. I tried in vain to ease my frustration but forced to sit because of my arms pinned behind my back and attached the frame of my bed, I just couldn't gain any release from the built up frustration. I'd therefore no idea how long I waited in this position when I heard Ellen's footsteps come up the stairs:

"Ah you're stil there Dave," Ellen teased as I felt her sit down on the bed beside me. 

As I mumphed into my gag, Ellen loosened the drawstring around my neck and pulled the sticky hot silk hood from my head. Sitting in front of me was an Ellen I'd never seen before! She was dressed to impress in a black mini dress, black tights (or maybe stockings) and fantastic knee high fuck-me boots:

"Do you like what you see Dave," teased Ellen as she rubbed her hands along my Lycra clad legs once again?

I nodded in response and mumphed into my gag, trying to get Ellen to finally remove it.

"If I remove your gag will you be a good boy Dave," asked Ellen?

I nodded again

"Okay," replied Ellen, loosening the long black scarf that had been wrapped around my lower face for the past couple of hours. "If you shout at me or be generally rood to me, I promise this gag goes back on and I'll leave you here for the night, do you understand?"

I nodded again, trying to mumph a yes response to Ellen.

"Good boy," laughed Ellen as she slowly and may I add, painfully; pulled the sticky duck tape from my mouth.

As soon as the sticky tape was finally pulled away, I tried to force the silk wad that had packed my mouth since mid afternoon. 

"Yuck," screamed Ellen as she helped my remove the silk scarf that was now soaked in saliva!

"Thank you Ellen," I praised, finally opening a two-way conversation for the first time today. "Can you please unlock me from the bed, I badly need to take leak?"

Ellen just smiled at me:

"If I release you from the cuffs to go and relieve yourself, will you allow me to handcuff you again after," asked Ellen?

"Why do you want to keep me handcuffed," I questioned in response?

"Because I like it Dave," replied Ellen. "It also puts me in charge and ensures you stay dressed the way you are."

"Do you really like what I'm wearing Ellen," I started to question my next door neighbour a little more?

"I tried to get Sean to dressed up once but he hated the idea and thought I was weird for asking so yes Dave, I'm as horny as hell looking at you in that dress and those tights," replied Ellen.

I agreed to let Ellen handcuff me again after a quick toilet break so after some fiddling with the key, Ellen finally released me from the bed:

"Ellen, if you let me out of these chains, you could simply cuff me and at least my legs would be free," I tried my luck?

"Okay Dave but you made a promise to me," replied Ellen as she started to unlock my handcuffs, allowing me to take the keys and release my own ankles before going off to the ensuite.

Boy did I need that piss badly and as I returned to Ellen, who was still sitting on my bed. She was holding the pair of standard S&amp;W cuffs that had recently attached me to the bed so I held out my hands to allow Ellen to re-cuff them:

"No silly," Ellen laughed. "Please turn around as I want to cuff you properly?

As I turned around and placed my hands behind my back, Ellen stood up and took hold of my left wrist first:

"I've always wanted to do this Dave," explained Ellen. "You are under arrest and you have the right to remain silent. In fact I also have the right gag you," she continued locking both wrists behind my back, clearly enjoying the experience. 

"Have you never used handcuffs before Ellen," I quizzed?

Ellen then sat back down on the bed and as I followed, she began to tell me a little bit more about her secrets and attempts to get Sean her ex to partake in some bondage but he simply wasn't interested:

"I once bought a larger sized French Maids outfit in the hope that Sean would try something new," Ellen continued. "When I finally got him into it, I then offered him a pair of white stockings but he refused to put them on. I did manage to tie his hands to the head board using a silk scarf but that was the first and last time we tried that game."

"That's terrible," I sympathetically tried to comfort Ellen, which was a tad difficult with my hands cuffed behind my back.

I then started to tell Ellen about my last marriage and how Karen found me one evening in bondage and dressed as a girl. I told her that I vowed it was the last time I'd ever get caught and we both laughed so hard:

"Would you like to be handcuffed Ellen," I asked, trying to understand her limits?

Ellen just looked at me for a minute:

"I don't know David," she responded. "I'd certainly like to try them!"

"Well if you unlock mine, I'll put you into these cuffs," I again tried my luck to get out of this situation.

"I don't know David, maybe another time," replied a cautious Ellen.

"You could leave me handcuffed and try another pair from the box Ellen," I continued trying.

Ellen then picked a pair of hinged cuffs out of my toy box and studied them carefully. She then took the first one and started locking it around her left wrist.

"Ellen, if you unlock that one and turn it around, you'll be a lot more comfortable," I suggested, trying to get the novice Ellen to lock the cuff on with the keyhole pointing up.

Ellen just smiled and thanked me as she used the key to unlock the cuff. With some difficultly, she managed to lock both her hands behind her back.

"Umm I'm not sure if I like this Dave," explained Ellen.

"Well you're stuck now," I laughed.

"Not really Dave," replied Ellen. "I've still got the keys!"

"Okay," I laughed at Ellen who was never going to unlock the cuffs herself. "You try to get out of those cuffs!"

I then was rewarded with ten minutes of Ellen rolling around my bed, trying to get the key into the hole with no chance of ever achieving it.

"I tricked you Ellen," I owned up.

She just stared back at:

"What do you mean you tricked me," asked Ellen?

"When you put those cuffs on, you made a big mistake," I explained. "If you get the keyhole pointing towards your arms, then there is no way for you to reach the keyhole."

"You're a bastard," yelled Ellen. "So what do we do now?"

I just flopped down on the bed beside Ellen and smile into her big blue eyes:

"Well you can let me out and I can release you Ellen or we can lie here and enjoy each other's company but whatever you decided, you're not getting out of those cuffs without my help," I laughed.

"Oh well Dave," whispered Ellen, holding on the handcuffs keys in a key ring behind her back. "I guess we're at a stalemate because I'm not giving you these keys."

I smiled at Ellen, knowing that I had access to other handcuff keys but there was no way I'd be telling her where I kept them! It was then the doorbell rang:

"Ah that will be Cathy," explained Ellen as she scrambled to get up from the bed. "I told her that I'd be here if I wasn't home when she called. At Least she'll let me out of the cuffs.

Ellen headed downstairs as quickly as she could. I decided not to follow because of my current state of dress but I could hear Ellen asking Cathy to let herself in:

"What's happened to you Ellen," laughed Cathy as the front door shut behind her. 

"David tricked me into handcuffs that I can't get out of myself," responded Ellen. "Cathy, here is the key, please let me out?"

I could hear Cathy thanking Ellen for the keys but then I heard Cathy laughing, telling Ellen to lead her to me. There was some arguing going on but then I heard Cathy telling Ellen she'd find me herself. It was then I'd realised that I'd in fact been caught for the second time today:

"Hi you must be Dave," introduced Cathy, holding out her hand to shake mine. 

"Hi Cathy," I responded. "I'd like to shake your hand but I'm a little tied up right now!"

Cathy, a rather attractive brunette in her early forties, wearing a short sleeved floral fabric dress over thick black leggings or tights, just laughed at my reply:

"Ellen did say that I'd like you Dave and your sense of humour," Cathy continued to laugh.

By now Ellen had arrived back in the bedroom.

"Come on Cathy, let me out of these cuffs, pleaded Ellen.

"No Cathy," I interjected. "Ellen wanted to know what it was like to be handcuffed and she put herself into those cuffs so I'm just trying to give her a realistic experience."

Cathy just looked at Ellen:

"Is this true," she asked Ellen in a quiet voice?

Ellen just nodded in response.

"Well if that's the case Ellen, maybe you should experience some additional bondage accessories," announced Cathy, picking up the long black silk scarf and black silk hood.

"No, please no," pleaded Ellen as Cathy grabbed poor Ellen and turning her around to wrap the long silk scarf around her face, pulling the material inside her mouth. Before tying it behind Ellen's head (rather tightly I might add).

Next Cathy sat Ellen down on my bed and pulled the black silk hood over her head, tightening the drawstring around her neck:

"That should keep her out of trouble," announced Cathy!

"So what about me Cathy," I asked?

"You do look sweet in that dress Dave and I've always wanted a guy to dress up as a girl and serve me," laughed Cathy!

"I'll not be able to serve you Cathy with my hands cuffed behind," I tried my luck on this stranger.

"Who said you'll need your hands Dave," teased Cathy who was now pulling me to my feet. "Come on and show me your girlie wardrobe?"

I directed Cathy into the spare room, Derbies room and showed her my collection, which really did impress Cathy.

"You do have a fine collection David, but what's this," asked Cathy, pulling out a mass of black material from the back of the wardrobe?

"It's a Burka," I replied. "In fact, it is a very, very expensive black Burka from Afghanistan," I continued.

"Umm, I've always wanted to try one of these," coo'd Cathy as she started to lift the heavy material over her head. "It is very heavy Dave!"

"I know it is Cathy," I continued. "Can you imagine what it would be like to have to wear one in 30 degree temperatures?"

By now Cathy was smoothing out the mass of material and fixing the frill so that she could see out of the Burka.

"I can't understand how Muslim girls find these liberating Dave," Cathy started to question as she paced around Debbi's bedroom, looking at her shrouded figure in the mirror?

"I think if you read their accounts of being forced into the Burka," I started to explain, "At first you will find the Burka quite stifling but after a while you would get used to it and wear what you like under it so no man can then wolf whistle at your big boots and skimpy dress!"

I obviously couldn't see Cathy Smiling but I could hear her laugh from behind the all encompassing mass of heavy black material.

"You're a really kinky bastard Dave," teased Cathy from behind the Burka. "I think I'll wear it for a while but we better get back and check on Ellen."

We headed back to the master bedroom to see Ellen lying on her side, still handcuffed, hooded and I assume: gagged. Cathy raised her finger to her masked face to suggest silence as she sat down on the bed and approached Ellen.&nbsp; Taking her right hand out from below the Burka, Cathy started to rub Ellen's Lycra clad legs. Ellen started to moan into her gag as Cathy moved her hand further up Ellen's leg and under the hem of her black mini dress. I was now standing in front of two girls; one bound, hooded and gagged and the other wearing an all encompassing Burka; making out. As Ellen moaned louder, I eased myself onto the bed and lay down beside Ellen. Using my mouth (remember my hands were still cuffed behind my back), I started to bite through her back dress and into her nipples. Cathy soon saw what I was up to so using her hands directed me to stop for a second while she pulled Ellen's dress off her body and unclipped her black bra. As Cathy went to town, pulling down Ellen's tights and pants, I went back to work on Ellen's nipples, sucking on her tits and biting her nipples. Ellen was clearly getting very excited as Cathy and I went to town on my bound next door neighbour. It wasn't that long until Ellen was pumping out an orgasm that pulsed through her entire body:

"Did you enjoy that Ellen," asked Cathy?

Ellen nodded her head violently in acknowledgments of her pleasure so Cathy reached down to remove the silk hood, followed by Ellen's gag.

"I want to be fucked," screamed Ellen as her gag came out"

It was then that Ellen noticed the shrouded Cathy and burst out in hysterics:

"You look absolutely fucking hideous Cathy," laughed Ellen.

"I'm sure I do," replied Cathy but what are you going to do about it?"

Ellen just lay back in her half-dressed state and told Cathy that she did have a point. After that Cathy sorted out Ellen's bra, pulled up her tight and sorted out her dres:

"I could have done that myself Cathy," Ellen commented in a sarcastic tone. "You just need to unlock these fucking cuffs!"

"Ellen," I laughed. "You wanted to experience handcuffs so there you are, all cuffed just like me!"

Cathy just laughed from behind the shroud:

"And here I am," she butted in. "I wanted to experience what it was like to wear a Burka and here I am wearing a Burka!"

"So we all got to experience new things today," I continued to laugh, which got a rousing reaction from both girls. "Anyway what do we do now?"

"Dave's got a point Cathy, what do we do now," asked Ellen, trying to persuade Cathy to unlock her wrists.

"I don't know Ellen," replied Cathy. "Maybe I should just leave you two to get on with your afternoon of bondage."

 "There are plenty of cuffs and chains in my toy box Cathy," I tried my luck. "Maybe you could join us in some bondage?"

Cathy then picked up the prison set and study the leg-irons attached to the handcuffs:

"I'm not sure David," replied Cathy. "If I put these on, I'd never get out of the Burka!"

I smiled back at Cathy but had absolutely no clue if she was smiling back at me behind the Burka.

"I've got an idea guys," Ellen re-entered the conversation. "Why don't we go round to my place and order a curry?

"That sounds great guys but can I get changed," I quizzed as I began to panic?

"No but you can wear this Burka to hide yourself," laughed Cathy as she pulled the Burka from her body and started fitting it over me.

"No way Cathy," I pleaded. "I can't go out wearing this!"

"I don't think you've got a choice," laughed Ellen. "You're still cuffed, remember?"

"And so are you Ellen," Cathy responded sarcastically.

"You don't expect me to go outside with my hands cuffed behind my back," Ellen started to panic herself?

"Why not," replied Cathy? "It's less than 50 metres and no one will notice!"

Both Ellen and I pleaded with Cathy to release us but after some blackmailing, we followed Cathy out of my front door and we walked the 50 metres to Ellen's front door. Once the door was opened, we followed Cathy inside and Ellen and I sat down in the living room, with little we could do due to our bondage. Cathy ordered dinner and after about 45 minutes, the curry arrived. It was only then did Cathy finally release Ellen's and my hands from the handcuffs and I was then able to remove the Burka but I was still stuck in the female attire with no access to my male cloths until I went home.

Dinner was a pleasant affair, with both Cathy and Ellen asking me lots of questions about my obsession for cross dressing and bondage. After a while my embarrassment faded and I joined in a conversation that clearly showed that both Cathy and Ellen were both turned on by a man in girl's cloths. After dinner we watched a movie and it was around ten when the fun started again:

Cathy had gone to the toilet when Ellen suggested we jump her. On Cathy's return to the living room, Ellen pounced and poor Cathy hit the deck:

"Hands behind your back Cathy," I asked nicely, sitting on top of the quite attractive friend of Ellen, my next door neighbour.

"No way," replied Cathy!

Ellen started to tickle poor Cathy until her hands finally came round and we grabbed them, slapping the hinged handcuffed onto her wrists, with the keyholes pointing up of course.

"That's not fair," screamed Cathy in frustration!

"Yeah it wasn't fair when you kept me in handcuffs this afternoon," replied Ellen.

"It also wasn't fair when you forced me to come round here in a dress and tights; handcuffed and wearing the fucking Burka," I launched into my attack!

Ellen wanted to know what we should do with Cathy so I sent my next door neighbour off to fetch some scarves to add to Cathy's misery. Ellen returned with an assortment of wool and silk scarves so soon Ellen had her mouth packed with a small silk scarf, followed by large triangle of silk folded into a thick band and pulled into her packed mouth to hold the first silk scarf in place. Next I instructed Ellen to fold the long black wool scarf, which made and excellent blindfold. A fourth scarf was used to tie Cathy's ankles together (crossed), and then Ellen went off to fetch some more toys. Once she was back, I understood what she had in mind so I pulled up Cathy's dress and pulled down her black leggings and panties, which were wet with excitement:

"I can see you're enjoying yourself Cathy," I chuckled, slipping my fingers in her slit. 

Cathy moaned in frustration but she was to get much more when Ellen produced a massive vibrator and started to tease poor Cathy to death. The moaning and fidgeting went on for about half an hour when Ellen finally let Cathy explode.

"Did you enjoy that Cathy," I quizzed?

All I got in response was a frantic nodding of her head and lots of mumphing into her gag.

"I think I'll leave you ladies to enjoy the rest of your evening," I laughed, picking up the other set of handcuffs, the handcuff keys, Burka and headed home.

"Maybe we'll see you tomorrow," asked Ellen as she showed me out the front door and waved me good night into the darkness.

I laughed to myself as I got into my own house and wondered how long it would be until Cathy and Ellen realised I had the handcuff keys? Truth-be-told it took another hour and by then I was in bed. 

"Hello," I answered the phone.

"Dave, it's Ellen," voice came on the other end of the phone.

"Yes Ellen, what's up," I asked, trying not to laugh in complete knowledge of the problem?

"Cathy's still handcuffed and you took the keys with you," replied Ellen.

I laughed out loud and thought about my response for a few seconds:

"Ellen I'm in bed now," I replied. "Bring Cathy round here in the morning and I'll release her hands."

There was silence on the other end of the phone.

"Are you serious Dave," asked Ellen?

"Sure Ellen, what harm can come to her," I laughed. "She drove us mad this afternoon so it's payback time."

"Fair enough Dave," replied Ellen as she hung up the phone.

I was horny as hell by the, knowing that Cathy would remain handcuffed all night at Ellen's so after a few session with Pamela hand, I finally fell asleep.


Sunday 2nd August 2010:

I was rudely awakened ion Sunday morning around 10AM by the front door bell. I tried to ignore it but it rang again so slipping into my dressing gown (I don't wear anything in bed), I made my way downstairs to the front door. As the door was unbolted and then unlocked, I saw both Ellen and Cathy standing there and yes folks, Cathy's arms were still pinned behind her back. What was most surprising to me was the long silk scarf that covered the lower part of Cathy's face.

"She's all yours Dave," laughed Ellen as she handed me a note and then headed back to her place.

"Come in Cathy," I greeted my next door neighbours bound friend. "Did you have a good night's sleep?"

Cathy just looked up at me with her big eyes:

"I guess you can't speak, can you Cathy," I teased! 

Cathy just shook her head and I ushered her into the living room.

"Sit down here and I'll remove your gag," I continued my instructions.

Before I started work on Cathy's gag, I opened Ellen's note:




Dear Dave,

We really enjoyed your company yesterday, especially Cathy. She's therefore asked to spend some more time with you so enjoy your trussed up present.

Ellen.






"Do you want me to untie you Cathy," I asked?

Cathy just looked up at me and nodded. I first untied the long blue silk scarf from Cathy's face to find another black silk scarf, pulled tight into her mouth, effectively cleave gagging the poor girl:

"Ellen's really done a job on you Cathy," I tried to sympathise as I pulled the second scarf from Cathy's face.

Finally Cathy tried to expel the silk packing that filled her mouth and therefore kept her so quite:

"Yuck," I complained as I pulled the soaking wet wad from her mouth!

Cathy now started to exercise her jaw:

"Thank you David," that feels better," thanked Cathy. 

"How long were you gagged," I quizzed my restrained prisoner?

"Ellen thought it was a good idea during the night when I annoyed her about the handcuffs," explained Cathy.

"She's a bad girl Cathy," I laughed. "Do you want me to go around there and provide you with some revenge?"

"Maybe later Dave," replied Cathy. "Would you please remove these cuffs, my arms are killing me?"

"Since you asked so nicely," I responded, taking the tiny key and using it to unlock Cathy's wrists from hours of restraint.

I then told Cathy I was going to go and take a shower before getting dressed for the day. I explained that I'd make us some breakfast after. I then turned on the TV and headed upstairs to my ensuite. About two minutes later I got the surprise of my life, when the door to the ensuite opened and in walked a naked Cathy:

"May I join you David," asked Cathy as she pulled open the shower door and walked in?

How could I refuse but looking at this very attractive naked girl only inches in front of me, my cock betrayed me a rose to the occasion:

"Don't worry about him," reassured Cathy as she realised my embarrassment. "At least I know you're not gay!"

We laughed as Cathy rubbed her hand along my shaft:

"Nope I'm certainly not gay," I responded to Cathy's touches, before leaning forward and locking my lips on hers.

"No you're not big boy," Cathy continued teasing, grabbing hold of my rock hard cock. "You just like to wear girl's cloths!"

We both laughed and kissed some more before continuing with our shower. It was only as we got out and drying ourselves off did Cathy open up:

"David, can I please choose what you wear today," asked Cathy. "You have such an extensive wardrobe next door I'd like to see where this takes us a little more!"

"So you want me to dress as Debbie today," I asked Cathy?

"I'd like to spend today getting to know Debbie better," teased Cathy in response, taking my hand and leading me towards the spare bedroom.

Once there, Cathy asked:

"Which drawer do you keep Debbie's underwear," quizzed Cathy?

I pointed Cathy to the correct drawer and she pulled out a pair of lacy silk pants.

"Put these on Dave," instructed Cathy. "I saw a leather corset yesterday, which I think will look really good on you!"

As I stepped into the black silk and lace pants that Cathy had chosen for me, she managed to rummage in Debbie's wardrobe until she found the leather corset she was looking for:

"Umm, this looks very interesting Dave," laughed Cathy, holding up the fearsome lather corset that I'd never actually managed to ever put on properly. "Could you fetch a pair of thick tights, like the pair you wore yesterday as I think what I have in mind will really work today?"

With Cathy's instructions, my cock really started to break free from the silk pants I was now wearing and things got no easier as I pulled on a pair of 90D thick black opaque tights made from the softest Lycra.

"Right come here," demanded Cathy, holding up the leather corset?"

I turned around and held the limp leather garment around my torso as Cathy started the long process of lacing me in:

"Cathy, that's enough," I pleaded within five minutes of the laces being pulled!

"Rubbish Dave," laughed Cathy. "You can take much more!"

Cathy finally took a break from tugging and pulling for a few minutes to allow us both to get a breath. By now my rib cage was being squeezed and my organs pushed into whatever space they could find within. I was struggling to breathe and Cathy clearly wasn't finished!

"Please Cath, no more," I pleaded!

"Come on Dave, you must have worn this before," teased Cathy"

"Yes Cathy but I've never been able to pull it this tight before myself," I replied, gasping for air!

"Well you are now experiencing another one of your fantasies," laughed Cathy as she started pulling on the corset laces once again.

Within five minutes, she had stopped and pulled on the rear zip that would close me into the corset:

"Dave, do you have a padlock I can use to lock this," asked Cathy?

"I do somewhere Cathy but do you really need to lock me into the corset," I couldn't to pant?

Cathy then headed back to my toy box and produced a small brass padlock:

"I assume you have a key for this David," laughed Cathy as she placed the small lock around the zipper and closed it with a CLICK?

"I do somewhere Cathy," I replied; "but I need to know which padlock you used!"

"Oh well, that will just provide you with an extra challenge later," laughed Cathy as she picked out the next thing for me to wear.

Next Cathy handed me a black and white stripped sweaterdress:

"I think this will look great on you," teased Cathy as she handed me the soft wool dress.

"I'll boil in this Cathy," I tried to get out of the wool option today. "Could I not have something a little lighter as it's August?"

Cathy told me to stop complaining or she'd make it much worse for me. I therefore pulled on the tight wool garment that covered me from the tight neck to the hem that rode half way up my black Lycra clad thigh. Next Cathy handed me a pair of my favourite high heeled boots. I slipped into them easily but complained because I was already starting to boil in the winter outfit. Cathy continued to ignore me, finding the longest blonde wig I had and slipped it onto my head:

"Not bad," complemented Cathy. "Shame there is little I can do about the male face right now but let's go down and have breakfast?"

Cathy slipped into the same cloths she wore yesterday while I cooked a light breakfast. 

"I have fantasised many times about forcing my man to wear girls' cloths," Cathy opened the conversation, sitting down to a cooked breakfast / brunch.

"I assume you haven't got a boyfriend at the moment Cathy," I quizzed?

"I wish," replied Cathy. "I spend so much time away from home these days; no man will stay with me.

"I've no idea why," I teased. "You're a very attractive girl."

"Thank you," replied Cathy, taking hold of my right hand in hers. "I need to go home and change as I've been in these cloths since yesterday!"

"I don't think any of Debbie's cloths would fit you Cathy," I laughed in response. "I'll stay here and wait for you to come back that is if you want to come back!"

Cathy just looked at me and smiled. I knew she had something up her sleeve and I guessed that I wouldn't like it!

"Would you like to come back to my place Dave," asked Cathy?

"Not like this Cathy," I responded!

"Come on Dave, it will be fun to get you out of the house today," Cathy continued to persuade me.

Cathy's pleading went on for a little longer but I wouldn't budge so Cathy offered an alternative:

"Well if you're going to stay here on your own, I don't want you playing with your little man," teased Cathy!

"And how do you plan to stop me Cathy," I quizzed?

Cathy then headed upstairs and returned a few minutes later with the hinged handcuffs she'd worn all night.

"Come here and kiss me Dave," requested Cathy?

I knew I was in trouble but she was a beautiful girl and I couldn't resist being passionate with her. As I slipped my tongue into Cathy's mouth for the third or fourth time, she slipped the first cuff around my wrist. Reaching both my arms behind my back with little resistance from me, I was soon locked in the cuffs with no escape until Cathy released me:

"Right let's go," laughed Cathy as she pulled me towards the front door!

"No fucking way," I screamed in response to Cathy's forcefulness but she ignore me, dragging me down the stairs!

"Okay have it your way," yelled Cathy as she let go and headed towards the front door herself.

As soon as Cathy broke her grip, I headed back upstairs to find keys to the cuffs but as soon as I looked in the mirror, I knew I was doomed because the fucking key holes were pointing up.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," I screamed at the realisation that Cathy had the upper hand!

It was then I heard her running up the stairs towards my bedroom so I sat down on the bed to await my fate:

"Ha, thought you could escape those cuffs did you," laughed Cathy, holding a very long winter scarf in her hands. "Remember Dave, I've plenty of bondage experience and I know the benefits of hinged handcuffs!"

I sat there in horror as Cathy wrapped the very, very long black scarf around my neck, tying off a knot under my chin, leaving herself lots of scarf to drag me downstairs by the neck.

"Right, let's try again," laughed Cathy as she pulled me to my feet with the wool scarf tightening around my neck.

"Take it easy please Cathy," I pleaded. "You're going to choke me!"

"Stop moaning," responded Cathy, retrieving the front door keys from the inside lock of the door.

Sitting in my driveway was Cathy's Mercedes 4x4 and she dragged me towards the waiting vehicle, locking the front door on her way out:

"Relax Dave, no one will see you behind the privacy glass," Cathy tried to reassure me, helping me into the back seat of the German SUV and placing the seatbelt around me.

Cathy then loosened the black scarf but leaving it hanging around my neck, she closed the back door and headed round to the driver's seat.

"I bet you actually enjoyed that Dave," laughed Cathy as we headed out of my estate and onto the main road towards town.

We continued to chat on the twenty-minute journey to Cathy's house. I was horny as hell and loving every minute of my imprisonment at the hands of this gorgeous girl. As we pulled into the driveway of Cathy's early 20th century house, I could see she was a comfortable lady.

"This looks great Cathy," I continued our conversation as she helped me out of the backseat.

"Thank you Dave," she replied taking hold of the scarf.

"You don't need to drag me Cathy," I explained. "I'm enjoying myself and it looks like we're fairly private here and anyway, no one knows me!"

"I'm glad you feel that way Dave," Cathy chatted as she led me (by the long wool scarf) towards her back door. "Come in make yourself at home!"

I laughed at Cathy's expression but dressed as a girl in the black breaking corset and with my hands securely cuffed behind my back, I wasn't really able to make myself comfortable. Cathy led me to the door on the side of the stairs, which then led down to the basement:

"Welcome to my play room Dave," explained Cathy as my eyes tried to burst out of their sockets at the site of a basic but well equipped dungeon.

"Fuck me Cathy, I would never have guessed," I blurted out, in awe of what this girl had achieved.

"Well David, you'll be glad to hear that you are first to experience my dungeon so in you go," directed Cathy, pushing me into a cage that stood upright in the far corner of the basement dungeon. "I'll be back in half and hour as soon as I've changed into something more appropriate!"

Cathy then closed the cage door and left for the main house. I pushed the cage door with my chest (remember my hands are still cuffed) but as expected the cage was now locked and I was therefore stuck inside. There was nowhere to go but wait until Cathy returned. The cage was so small, there was nowhere to even pace so I stood boiling in my black and white sweater dress with the wool scarf still tied tightly around my neck. It was then I heard footsteps coming down the stairs and there in front of me was the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen:

"Fuck me Cathy, you look absolutely gorgeous," I complemented at the figure that stood in front of the locked cage door (on the other side)

Cathy was now dressed head to toe in a black PVC catsuit that covered her entire body, with only her eyes and mouth showing in the built in hood.

"I thought you might like this outfit," teased Cathy, walking around the cage in her extremely high heels. "If I let you out of the cage, will you work with me David?"

"Cathy, I've died and gone to heaven so of course I'll work with you," I replied to this once in a life time offer!

Once out of the cage, Cathy unlocked my wrists and once again our mouths locked! We continued kissing until Cathy decided to direct me towards a pair of medieval shackles that were hanging from the basement ceiling. Once my wrists were locked into the heavy iron bracelets, Cathy used a handle on the far wall to tighten the chain, attached to the shackles and therefore pulling my wrists my arms into the air. 

"This feels so good Cathy," I coo'd.

"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself Dave," replied my new friend in her all encompassing catsuit. "I have dreamt about having a guy shackled in my basement for so long so to have a straight guy, dressed as a girl in my basement is an even bigger turn on!"

Cathy then approached again and we kissed. Our tongues fought in each other's mouths and I pushed as hard as I could, struggling with my arms pulled high above my head. I couldn't believe what was happening to me this weekend. First I was caught cross dressed and in bondage yesterday by Ellen my neighbour and today I was shackled in the basement dungeon belonging to Ellen's best friend. Fuck this would be a weekend to remember and one I didn't want to end right now.

"Could you please take the scarf off Cathy," I asked. "I'm cooking in this outfit!"

"I think it suits you David," teased Cathy, taking hold of the long wool and pulling my face into hers once more.

I was now so horny but there was nothing I could do about it! Cathy held all the cards right now and so the scarf was left in place, tightly tied around my neck with the long wool ends draping well below the two massive globes that the corset gave me on my chest. Fuck I was just so horny!

"Are you frustrated Dave," asked Cathy, grabbing hold of the lump, budging through the black opaque tights, under the hem of the wool sweater dres?

"I'm about as frustrated as you right now," I laughed in response!

"Yeah but I can do something about it Dave," teased Cathy as she pulled down the crotch zip on her catsuit and pushed her fingers into her soaking wet cunt. "Oh that feels so good!"

I had no option but to stand there and watch Cathy play with herself. Yes it was an incredible turn on. Boy I was horny to and wanted to fuck Cathy's brains right now! 

"Oh is poor Dave not getting any release," screamed Cathy as she came to the boil! "Yes, yes, yes!!!"

Cathy finally exploded and all I could do was stand there and watch:

"Wait there, I'll be back in a minute," laughed Cathy as she headed towards the curtain pulled along the far wall.

As the curtain came back, it revealed a mesh gate, which Cathy swung open and headed inside. I stretched to see what she was doing but I couldn't stretch enough with my wrists chained high above my head. Cathy remerged wit her zip pulled up and looking all business in her black PVC catsuit:

"Okay, time to bring you down Dave," announced Cathy as she started turning the handle on the wall, letting the chain loose and my arms fall towards my head.

Soon Cathy was standing in front of me with a key to my freedom:

"I'd like to put you back into the handcuffs Dave, will you let me," asked Cathy in a polite tone?

"Since you asked so nicely Cathy," I responded, allowing Cathy to release my hands from the shackles, only to pull them behind my back and re-cuff them into my own hinged handcuffs.

Cathy then led me over the room she had disappeared into earlier:

"Right Dave, I'm off to the gym for an hour so be a good boy-girl and wait here," laughed Cathy as she slammed closed the mesh gate, locking me inside her basement cell.

"Come on Cathy, this isn't fair," I pleaded as Cathy, headed towards the stairs and out of the basement.

Cathy's basement cell was a 12-foot, by 8-foot room with a single bed along one wall, a small desk and chair along the other and an enterence into a small ensuite, which had a shower, wash-hand-basin and a toilet. This wasn't designed for comfort but to keep a prisoner in relative confinement awaiting the return of his or her mistress. What the fuck was I doing giving up control to this girl I hardly knew? Here I sat on a single bed in the basement prison belonging to a friend of my next do neighbour. Yes, I've had these sorts of fantasies for as long as I can remember but I never thought that I'd ever be dressed as a girl, and locked in a type of prison cell, with absolutely no way to escape until Cathy returned! Was she really going to the gym or was she upstairs playing with herself, in the knowledge that her best friends neighbour was locked up down stairs, handcuffed and dressed as a girl. More thoughts along the lines of 'what happens if Cathy has an accident' or 'what happens if Cathy gets locked up someone else's cage,' all ran through my head. All of course were about me and my ability to escape this fantasy that was now a reality! In the end, I didn't have to wait more than a few hours, which were long enough when I'd absolutely no idea when Cathy would return for me:

"Hey there Dave," How's my prisoner, asked Cathy as she entered the basement, stil wearing her Lycra running gear?

"Thank Goodness you're back Cathy," I praised, jumping to my feet and heading towards the mesh door. "Can I get out of here now?"

Cathy just smiled at me, standing with her nose practically squeezed against the mesh of the locked door:

"How bad do you want out Dave," teased Cathy?

"I'd be happy to stay in here, if you were to join me," I replied, trying to coax this beautiful girl inside with me!

Cathy then asked me to wait a second as she fetched the handcuff keys. I was instructed to reverse up to a small opening in the mesh gate, which enable Cathy to unlock and remove my handcuffs:

"Okay lover-boy; strip," commanded Cathy!

"I'll strip if you strip," I replied.

Cathy agreed and we both stripped down to absolutely nothing. Yes it took me a tad longer to remove the scarf, dress and boots before Cathy realised that we had a problem:

"David, you can't strip any further," laughed Cathy. "The keys for your corset are back at your house!"

"Oh fuck," I replied!!!

Cathy instructed me to at least remove the tights and black silk pants, causing my dick to burst out and stand to attention before instructing me to turn around to be cuffed again:

"You don't need me handcuffed all the time Cathy," I pleaded.

"I'm coming in there Dave so yes I do," replied Cathy, holding up the cuffs to the mesh gate.

I'd little option after Cathy started to pick up her cloths to leave me again so I allowed her to handcuff me again and then she unlocked the mesh door and entered the cell. Once inside she pulled closed the gate, locking it automatically and she returned the key to her necklace:

"Take a seat," suggested Cathy, pointing at the single bed. "I'm going to take a shower."

So there I sat, handcuffed and dressed only in the leather corset that squeezed my torso so tightly. I was however getting used to the pressure and enjoying the discomfort that the locked leather corset provided.&nbsp;&nbsp; I never managed to close it as tightly as Cathy had closed it this morning so I relished the tightness that the awesome garment provided. I didn't have to wait long this time until the naked and extremely gorgeous Cathy returned, towelling her long hair. 

"I like where this is leading," teased Cathy as she jumped on top of me, sinking her tongue into my mouth. "I've had fantasies for years about having a guy locked in here, waiting for me to return and take control of his life!"

"Hold on a second Cathy," I froze at her words. "I've no problem with you controlling me for short periods of time but I'm not prepared to stay here imprisoned as your sex slave!"

Cathy kissed me again, apologising for getting over excited:

"Would you be prepared to spend short periods as my imprisoned sex slave," quizzed Cathy?

"It depends where this is leading," I replied as I came up for air again!

"Well let's see about that," laughed Cathy as she look hold of my rock hard cock and slip him into her warm and very wet pussy.

We then fucked for the next half-hour. Cathy came several times and after what seemed like an age, I finally exploded inside this gorgeous girl for the very first time. By now my arms were killing me! The hinged cuffs offered more protection but less comfort than standard S&amp;W cuffs so by the time I came inside Cathy, the metal cuffs were digging hard into my wrists.

"Are you okay," asked Cathy, realising I was in some pain?

"I'm fine Cathy but my wrists are killing me. Could you please remove the cuffs," I pleaded?

"Sure thing," replied Cathy as she pulled the chain from around her neck and turned me around to unlock and remove the hinged cuffs. 

Before Cathy turned the key is looked straight into my eyes:

"You're not going to attack me are you Dave," she questioned?

"Why would I ruin a great thing," I replied.

With that the key was turned and my first wrist was free!

"Thanks pet," I thanked Cathy, rubbing life back into my sore wrists.

"Pet; who are you calling pet," replied Cathy?

I just laughed and we started kissing again.

"Right I need to go and get dressed," announced Cathy. 

"Okay pet," I replied. "If you go and get dressed, I'll get these cloths back on and meet you upstairs as I'm dying for a coffee.

"Sure thing Dave," replied Cathy as she stood up and headed towards the locked mesh door.

I watched as Cathy struggled to get her hand through the cuff port in the door and far enough to reach the lock, which was on the outside only:

"I've done this hundreds of times Dave, I promised" reassured Cathy as lock finally engaged and the door swung open.

As the naked Cathy pickup up her Lycra gym cloths, she swung the gate behind her. I dived for the gate but it was too late. The gate closed behind Cathy and locked:

"Don't go away anywhere," laughed Cathy as she left me locked inside her based cell once again! 

"Thanks pet," I replied half joking at my own stupid situation!"

I then got dressed again in the silk pants, tights, wool sweater dress and knee high leather boots. I checked in the mirror and fixed my long blonde wig before heading back to the main cell and the single bed.&nbsp; I picked up the very long black wool scarf and held the soft material in my hands and waited for Cathy to return. It was so soft that I wrapped it twice around my neck and pulled the thick cashmere into my face and smelled the sweet aroma of Cathy's perfume.

"So you actually like that scarf," teased Cathy as she returned to the basement, holding two streaming hot cups of coffee in both hands?

I was so embarrassed, Cathy had caught me immersing in the moment and her wonderful thick and very soft cashmere scarf:

"Don't be embarrassed Dave," reassured Cathy. "It is a very nice scarf and I often pull it tight into my face.

"It is, isn't it," I replied, trying to forget the fact that Cathy had caught me smelling her wonderful scarf.

Cathy then approached the mesh gate, holding both cup's in one hand and the keys to my freedom in her other hand. Soon the gate was open and Cathy was sitting down beside me. I should also point out that Cathy had now changed into wonderful floral print, short sleeved summer dress. Her legs were certainly clad in some shinny skin coloured material but I'd no idea if she was wearing tights or stockings. Her shoes were low heeled and even though she looked comfortable, Cathy looked absolutely gorgeous! I started unwrapping the long scarf that I was so embarrassed about but Cathy simply sat down, put her free hand on my black Lycra covered legs and persuaded me to leave the scarf:

"Dave, leave the scarf on," Cathy calmly instructed. "You obviously like it and it goes really well with your sweaterdress."

We started drinking our hot coffee and chatted about Cathy's basement:

"If your last boyfriend wasn't into bondage Cathy," why did you build this basement," I asked?

"Because I wanted the basement," Cathy replied in a matter-of-fact tone.

"Sure you wanted it Cathy," I continued. "But you couldn't tie yourself up properly down here!"

Cathy just laughed and looked straight into my eyes:

"That's true Dave," Cathy continued laughing at me. "I knew some day I'd find a willing submissive but anyway, I've spent several nights sleeping in this cell!"

"Umm," I thought to myself. "I think I'd like to spend a night in this cell under your control."

Cathy put her half-empty cup down and took hold of my chin, planting a wonderful and very passionate kiss on my mouth:

"I'd really like that Dave," she coo'd. "I'd like it even better if you would continue to dress as a girl."

"Why does it turn you on Cathy; me dressed as a girl," I continued my interrogation of this beautiful girl?

"I'm not 100% sure," replied Cathy, really thinking hard about her response. "I'm not a lesbian but I really like the way female clothing not only feels but way it softens any guy who dares to cross dress. I bet you're a hardnosed businessman but here you are, calm and thoughtful and very loving towards me."

"Maybe that's because I'm in Mistress Cathy's dungeon and need her to let me out," I laughed.

We both kissed again and Cathy laughed:

"Do you want o see round the rest of my basement, I mean dungeon," asked Cathy?

How could I refuse so I stood up, took Cathy's hand and asked her to lead the way? Cathy wanted to handcuff me again but I asked to remain free because I might want to try some of her instruments of torture. As we exited the cell, the shackles still hung from the ceiling and the upright cage lay open. Along the opposite wall stood a Saint Andrew's cross with leather buckles, waiting to hold prisoners limbs. In the middle of the room sat a set of stocks with a large hole for the head and two smaller holes for hands:

"This looks interesting," I commented, lifting up the top half of the stocks.

"Here have a try," teased Cathy as she held the top half, ushering me to pop my head and hands into the waiting slots.

After some coaxing I did as instructed and Cathy slowly placed the top half down and twisting a thumbscrew on one end, I was now stuck:

"I can now whip your ass," laughed Cathy, pulling up the hem of my sweater dress.

"You could Cathy but I'm not sure I'm into pain," I replied, trying to put Cathy off that idea.

Cathy just smiled and started rubbing her hands over my body, which was wonderful but soon she started unscrewing the bolt at the end of the stocks, which would soon release me from my short lived prison. As soon as I slipped my wrists out of the stocks, Cathy, quickly pushed the top back down, locking my head in the wood:

"Hey, that's not fair," I yelled!

"What's not fair about it," laughed Cathy? "Now give me your hands?"

Cathy's intensions were clear as she locked one of the hinged cuffs around my right wrist and dragged my right arm behind my back:

"Now be a good girl and give me your left wrist," Cathy asked in a sarcastic tone?

"Who are you calling a girl," I replied, trying to avoid the certain imprisonment of both my arms?

"Well my sweet," teased Cathy. "Who's dressed up as a girl with her long blonde hair?"

It was all over for me as Cathy took hold of the situation and my left arms, pulling it painfully behind my back and locking the remaining cuff around my left wrist:

"Told you I'd get you back into handcuffs this afternoon," laughed Cathy as she came around to look at my face. "Oh does my little girl want her head out of the horrible stock?"

"Actually that would be nice thank you Cathy," I replied. "This isn't the most comfortable position to be forced into!"

"Well beg for your freedom little girl," requested Cathy in an annoying tone? "Go on, beg your mistress for release1"

I just looked at Cathy, which must have been a sight with my dress pulled up, being forced forward by the fact my head was held tight in the stocks and my hands were now forced behind my back by the hinged handcuffs. The soft cashmere scarf was now being forced into my face, Which was a comforting experience but I needed out of this position and I needed out now:

"Please Mistress Cathy," would you please release me from these stocks," I begged?

"Since you asked so nicely," responded Cathy, twisting the screw and lifting the top part of my wooden prison.

"Thank you my sweet," I gratefully responded, standing up again and reaching out to kiss this wonderful girl.

Cathy accepted my advances and our lips met again. What Cathy did next surprised me a little as she took hold of the very long black cashmere scarf and pulled it over my face, tightening the knot around my neck, holding the scarf tight into my face:

"I bet that feels good," coo'd Cathy as she started to kiss me through the thick wool?

I tried to kiss her back and yes it did feel soooo good:

"Umm, that's wonderful Cathy," I replied. "I have to say that you're the kinkiest girl I've ever come across!"

Cathy just smiled in response to my comments and suggested we finish the day by going out for dinner:

"I can't go out dressed like this Cathy," I started to panic.

"Don't be silly Dave," replied Cathy. "I'll drive you home, you can get changed and we can go out for a meal in the village."

I was relieved that Cathy was at least going to finally let me dress as a guy but after some minor disagreement, Cathy led me back outside to her Mercedes SUV still handcuffed, dressed as Debbie and with my hands security locked behind my back. The journey home was fast and once back at my place, Cathy helped me out of the car and into my house. It was then Ellen appeared outside:

"I can see you guys are still enjoying yourselves," Ellen called out as Cathy pushed me inside.

"Yeap, I'm just getting Dave home to change because he's taking me out for dinner," yelled Cathy in response. "In fact Ellen, would you like to join us?"

Fuck, I thought to myself as Ellen came running over to my front door:

"Shit, what have to you done to poor Dave," asked Ellen, clearing staring at my scarf covered face?

"I don't see him complaining Ellen," replied Cathy.&nbsp; "You're cool aren't you Dave?"

I nodded my head in response but asked Cathy to release my hands. She agreed and as I turned around, Cathy took hold of my cuffs and unlocked the right one first, leaving me to finish the rest while Cathy talked to Ellen.

"We spent the day at my place Ellen," explained Cathy. "We got to know each other while I got changed after my long night in handcuffs. Dave agreed to cross dress for me today and had a great day, didn't we Dave?"

Again I nodded in agreement as I unlocked the left cuff and pulled the scarf from my face:

"We've had a wonderful day Ellen," I explained. "Cathy showed me her place and she had some fun taking advantage of me."

Both girls just laughed while I handed Cathy back her long cashmere scarf and headed upstairs to get changed.

My weekend ended with dinner with both girls and myself, finally dressed as a guy again. We enjoyed dinner and went our separate ways that evening. Cathy and I agreed to spend next weekend together so we left it that I'd call her tomorrow night.

TO BE CONTINUED.

Author: &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ed Kilpatrick
E-mail: &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;EdKBound@GMail.com

You can also read my other stories at:

http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/author.php?authorid=2890





Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Ed Kilpatrick.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





