BDSM Library -  Female Teacher Addicted To A Cruel Teen Girl




 Female Teacher Addicted To A Cruel Teen Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Thirty-seven year old Julia, a submissive love and sex addict, falls prey to fourteen-year-old Madison






Female Teacher Addicted to a Cruel Teen Girl



Faye Duncan



f/F Humiliation, Dependence



This work is copyright (c) 2010 by Faye Duncan. You may download and keep copies for your personal use as long as the author's byline and e-mail address and this paragraph remain on the copies. Please do not post this story to any web site without permission from the author. All other rights reserved. No alteration of the contents is permitted.



Author's note:&nbsp; Anyone reading in this delicious genre will know soon enough how much of this little story has been brazenly stolen from others.&nbsp; No excuses.&nbsp; The artist takes what she needs.



As the hot Nevada summer progressed and as thirty-seven-year-old Julia Manis weakened steadily, she began to become really afraid; afraid of how far into danger her fanatical hunger might take her.&nbsp; With increasing anxiety, she watched as her emotional state fought madly against an overwhelming tide of foreboding whenever she found herself at home late in the afternoon.&nbsp; Specifically, her almost palpable disquiet soared whenever her across-the-street neighbor and former eighth grade student, little fourteen-year-old Madison Gray, came wandering over to her house to swim in Julia's nice in-ground backyard pool.&nbsp; And with Julia's anxiety and fear came the stark realization that she could not in good conscience continue to lie to herself that she didn't know deep down inside herself exactly why it was true that this young neighbor girl made her so uneasy.&nbsp; 



Julia knew why all right, and there was no use in her denying it.&nbsp; But she didn't dare tell anybody how she felt deep inside about this young girl.&nbsp; And she couldn't ask for help; not from anyone.&nbsp; For all her deep-seated hunger, Julia knew for sure what would happen to her if she ever admitted to anyone about how she secretly felt about Madison.&nbsp; Despite the worry that young Madison inspired in her former teacher, Julia knew she needed desperately to hold on to those fantastic, aspirant daydreams of hers, those daydreams centering upon how Madison would someday feel for her, and what the girl would do about it.



Julia knew in her very soul who she was.&nbsp; She had known all her life who she was. That knowledge kept her in a state of constant uncertainty about how Madison must really feel about her.&nbsp; Could the young girl really have any affection for someone like her, really?&nbsp; Or were her periodic signs of affection all part of some cruel game that the little girl was playing with her?



From earliest childhood, Julia had never really liked herself as a person.&nbsp; Her mother Harriet hadn't liked her either, blaming her daughter for her father's desertion of the family soon after she was born.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had grown up just naturally taking her mother's word for the fact that she was a worthless human being.&nbsp; Her mother had never really taken care of her or loved her, leaving the little girl pretty much on her own to fend for herself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Harriet's constant refrain was, "you are just so worthless and unlovable, why should I lift one finger to care for you".



Little Julia had grown into adolescence and young womanhood in a near constant state of loneliness and silent rage directed at her mother who had remained distant and uncaring all those years.&nbsp;&nbsp; When not enraged, Julia suffered bouts of deep depression for months at a time, believing as she did that her mother must be right about her.&nbsp; She shied away from making friends with her play fellows for fear that anyone who came to know her would soon discover just how worthless she was.&nbsp; She never dated in high school or college.&nbsp; She kept up acquaintances with a few people she had gone to school with, but none of these people would ever have thought of themselves as her friend.&nbsp;&nbsp; Through it all, Julia desperately longed for someone to love her unconditionally in spite of the fact that she knew how worthless a human being she was.&nbsp; Her emotional needs to be loved and cared for grew to be immense, and totally unrequited because she could never bring herself to reach out to anyone in her own age group for fear of the rejection she so deeply believed was her due.



In place of real, nurturing relationships with other people her age, Julia wallowed in a sea of fairy tale fantasy.&nbsp; Her tiny bedroom at home, then her dorm room at college, were crammed full of trashy romance novels that she read over and over again.&nbsp; She especially loved the stories about some poor, worthless girl being rescued from her tawdry, boring life by a strong, self-assured hero who would love her and make all her decisions for her from then on.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Julia daydreamed incessantly about being caught up in such "happily ever after" scenarios.&nbsp; And as the years progressed, Julia found herself fantasizing more and more that the hero in her favorite rescue story was, in fact, a heroine; a woman, strong, assertive, and brave; who swept Julia, the humble Cinderella character, off her feet and carried her off to some remote hideaway, and there, played out scene after fervid scene of torrid lesbian lovemaking.&nbsp; 



Julia admitted to herself that she found it increasingly easier to indulge in the furtive masturbation that often accompanied her torrid fantasies if her mental daydream "Prince Charming" images were of another woman rather than a man, since she had seen both girls and women naked at school during gym period but never had she seen a naked man.&nbsp; By the time Julia was a college senior, her amorous fantasies had crystallized into one recurring scenario in which a ravishing young woman would find her, fall in love with her despite all her unworthiness, sweep her off her feet, and carry her away to some romantic veil, and there, culminate the storybook romance with a wedding night of sweet sexual bliss.



Throughout her college days Julia hid her sordid fantasy life by working very hard at "keeping up appearances."&nbsp; She so desperately wanted everyone around her to believe she had her life well in hand, even though she knew that was the farthest thing from the truth.&nbsp; For example, she had to admit to herself that she had chosen teaching as a career, not out of some noble desire to educate the young, but because she secretly dreamed that, if she helped young students learn, they might be grateful enough to like her, at least a little, and maybe to love her, at least a little.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because she put so much effort into succeeding in her education courses in order to make her sordid daydreams come true as soon as possible, Julia graduated with high honors and was immediately awarded a state teaching certificate.



Owing to her excellent grades, Julia was hired right out of college to teach at a small private girls' middle school, where she had made it a special point from the first not to be too strict with her eighth grade science classes, or demand too much of her young female pupils.&nbsp; The young teacher believed that by being lenient, she had a better chance of engendering affection from the girls in her class.&nbsp; She knew deep inside that her hope of friendship and, perhaps, even love from one of her students was rooted in a deeply unhealthy fantasy, but she could not muster up the strength of character to relinquish it.&nbsp; 



Although she most certainly did not push her students to excel, Julia drove herself furiously in her efforts to entertain and please her young girl pupils.&nbsp; She spent much of her free time locating different kinds of visuals that demonstrated the various lessons she was supposed to be teaching and showing them to the class.&nbsp;&nbsp; Julia filled her school days with VHS tapes and then DVDs projected on a hugh flat screen TV at the front of the class, while she sat in the very back of the darkened classroom hoping against hope that she was pleasing her pupils with her selections.



Her teaching salary plus a tidy sum left her by a distant relative who had no children of her own to leave her legacy to allowed Julia eventually to purchase a rather extensive house and lot with it's own back yard in-ground pool in an established, upscale subdivision near her middle school.



Even though she knew it was so very wrong, and also potentially extremely dangerous, school year after school year, Julia secretly searched among her female students for some young girl who might provide her with the love, emotional support, and stability that she herself lacked.&nbsp; She had a naive idea that a young fourteen or fifteen year old girl, especially one of her own pupils who might actually like her a little, would be far less demanding as to what would please her than would a grown up adult woman.&nbsp; Julia was well aware that if anyone in authority ever found out what she was doing she would be ruined, so she kept up her appearances as a chaste, somewhat lenient, but well-liked teacher, while, in her secret fantasies, Julia was a predator, looking disparately for love and fulfillment among her young charges.



For fifteen long and painful years Julia searched in vain for someone among her girl students who exhibited the slightest interest in becoming her love object.&nbsp; Then, Madison Gray entered her life and everything changed.



From the very first day Madison walked into her eighth grade classroom last September, Julia had been struck by the fact that, for a fourteen year old, Madison was 'very' mature physically.&nbsp; Her pert young breasts pressed tightly against her thin school blouse, and Julia could tell from the cut of her blouse that the girl's tummy was flat and invitingly smooth except for that cute little roll of baby fat girls her age seem to have.&nbsp; Her legs, so invitingly displayed by her short school skirt, were well muscled and long, and her hips and bubble butt were those of the average girl at least three years older than herself.&nbsp; In a word, Julia found herself ogling Madison and secretly thinking "what a little yummy.&nbsp; Maybe she's the one at long last."



And to top it all off, Madison had this way of acting around Julia from the first that made her teacher feel like she should apologize to the girl for breathing the same air.&nbsp; Madison was most definitely "stuck up" in a way that only young adolescent girls from well to do families could be. 



So what if Madison was a yummy little adolescent with a stuck up attitude.&nbsp; Why should Julia find herself being drawn to this particular young girl after all those years of desperate searching?&nbsp; Wanting to gaze at her.&nbsp; Wanting to please her.&nbsp; Wanting Madison to respond to her positively.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wanting Madison to like her.&nbsp; Wanting Madison to love her.&nbsp; Julia was positive that, from the way she acted, Madison would be much more demanding as a prospective love interest that Julia reckoned herself to be worthy to be.&nbsp; Although she tried her best, Julia could not motivate herself to lust after any of the other girls in her class that year in the same way she lusted after Madison.&nbsp; Why did it have to be "stuck up" Madison who drove the older woman to distraction day after day?



Julia knew why, even though that knowledge was ashes in her mouth.&nbsp; She knew the more Madison treated her as if she were there to amuse rather than to teach, the more Julia found herself getting flushed and even a bit damp between her legs.&nbsp; Madison's way of treating her teacher left no doubt in Julia's mind that this young girl had seen right through her veneer of chaste respectability and knew her for the worthless, fantasy ridden wretch she really was.&nbsp; And for Julia, this meant that Madison became even more desirable with each passing day.&nbsp; Julia thanked God that Madison never seemed to want to take advantage of her teacher's growing fascination with her while she was in class, but it was obvious to Julia the young girl knew well enough the salacious effect she was having.&nbsp; The girl's teacher was certain Madison could see it in the glazed over expression on her flushed face every time the young girl caught her teacher looking longingly at her with those large downcast doe eyes of hers.&nbsp; 



Julia was right on all counts.&nbsp; Madison was well aware of the stifling effect she was having on her love starved and ever-so-vulnerable mid-thirties teacher.&nbsp; And sadistic little Madison had decided to encourage Julia to ogle her as much as she wished since she knew her teacher couldn't do anything other than look.&nbsp; And Madison loved the tensions that such a state of affairs set up inside Julia's soul.&nbsp; 



So for nine whole months, Madison just bided her time as she teased Julia in class just to watch her squirm.&nbsp; And Julia certainly did squirm to Madison's great amusement.&nbsp; It seems that over the school year little Madison had pretty much figured Julia out.&nbsp; The young girl almost immediately recognized in her teacher one of those shy, sexually repressed mid-thirties women who had devoted herself almost entirely to her teaching over the years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why? Because she had such a lame, boring, practically non- existent social life; read love life.&nbsp; Madison knew almost for a fact that Julia hadn't had a date with another person, male or female, during the entire school year.&nbsp;&nbsp; How did she know that?&nbsp; Julia had confided this to Madison's mother, Sharma, at an Easter Day Neighborhood Festival.&nbsp; Madison also knew that because of her almost total lack of social contacts, Julia must be becoming increasingly desperate for some kind of a life, any kind of life other than just going to and from school five days a week and hiding in her lonely, empty house each weekend.&nbsp; And, abiding by the strict instructions given her, Madison's mother had also wormed out of Julia one rare Friday social evening at the neighborhood clubhouse, that Julia had this secret fantasy involving woman love.&nbsp;&nbsp; After a few drinks at the clubhouse, Julia had even blushingly confessed to Sharma that she regularly indulged in her Sapphic fantasies, fantasies that were so exciting and arousing that she couldn't get away from them, so she relived them again and again, her fingers buried deep inside her sticky slit. 

Madison had also put two and two together and figured out that Julia was becoming more than just a little bit horny as well as lonely.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here she was, a grown woman at the height of her sexuality without any sexuality whatsoever other than what the girl superciliously imagined to be the occasional bout of abashed, half-hearted, and clumsy self-stimulation as she fantasized about being swept off her feet by some young, strong willed girl.&nbsp; This dirty little secret Julia had also confessed to Madison's mother that same night when Sharma had acted especially empathic with Julia in an effort to pump her for all the dirt she could get on her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Madison's instructions to her mother had been very clear, and Sharma knew what unpleasant consequences awaited her if she disobeyed.

Madison wanted to know everything she could use against Julia to compel the older woman to become the young girl's willing sexual thrall.&nbsp;&nbsp; For little Madison had her own depraved fantasies she wanted to live out.&nbsp; Of course, Madison really didn't care about how troubled Julia was or what she secretly hungered for, except as how it related to her own sick fantasies.&nbsp; 

Once Julia's growing sexual desperation had become obvious to her young student, Madison began to tease and tantalize her teacher with the occasional touch of her hand on Julia's hip or shoulder, or the random brushing up against her bottom as they passed each other in the halls.&nbsp; Nothing really overt, just sinking the claws in a little each time.&nbsp; Here of late, Madison's sinister little forays into heightening Julia's sex hunger had been rewarded by shy little whimpers and sharp little intakes of breath that told Madison quite emphatically that Julia was becoming more than just a wee bit aroused in spite of her best efforts to suppress her growing sexual hunger during class time.&nbsp; 

The young girl also intensified her expressions of affection toward her vulnerable teacher.&nbsp; Madison went out of her way to hug Julia at every opportunity, and even became so bold as to kiss the older woman full on the lips one Spring afternoon after all the other girls had left school.&nbsp;&nbsp; Julia almost melted in the girl's arms, and Madison was the one who finally broke the kiss.&nbsp; 

"You can have more later, If you're a good girl," Madison cooed sweetly into her teacher's ear.&nbsp; Julia blushed bright red, but she didn't pull away when Madison kissed her again.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the young girl broke the second kiss, she whispered into her teacher's ear, "do you love me, Julia?&nbsp; I only kiss those who love me."&nbsp; Taken totally back, Julia could only nod her head slightly.

"Good girl," Madison cooed as she walked away.

These little kissy face trysts continued whenever Madison thought it might be amusing, and Julia began to dream that her young girl student might be falling in love with her as much as she was in love with Madison.&nbsp; Could it be that Julia's fantasies were finally coming true after all these long years of searching and hoping?

By late-April, Madison knew that she could exploit Julia's love addiction as much as she desired and any time she wished.&nbsp; She could literally destroy Julia with it if she wanted to.&nbsp; She was certain that she could compel the older woman to do anything she wished.&nbsp;&nbsp; She could use to her own cruel advantage Julia's anxiety that grew from her not knowing exactly where she stood with her student and the emotional pain that resulted from that state of affairs.&nbsp; Every time Madison toyed with the older woman, Julia became even more desperate to know whether or not Madison was sincere in her affection.&nbsp; She spent alternating periods during each school day either elated that the young girl really did seem to find her attractive, and perhaps even lovable or racked with despair that Madison was only amusing herself by merely acting as if she cared.&nbsp; 

For her part, Julia continued to have these nagging fears through the remainder of the school year. She kept asking herself, why was she turning on to Madison when she knew how much trouble she would be in if anybody ever found her out. Julia had to admit that she must really be in need of affection and sexual relief to become so fascinated with this female student of hers. And that admission frightened her.&nbsp; But it also excited her. 

One day in early May, Madison decided to dig her claws in just a little deeper.&nbsp; Just at the end of class, the young girl walked up to her distracted teacher and handed her a short, hand written note.&nbsp; As soon as the last girl except for Madison had left the classroom, Julia opened the note and read it.

"Addicted To Me"



"The lights are on, but you're not home.

Your mind is not your own.

Your heart sweats, your body shakes.

Another kiss is all it takes



You can't sleep, you can't eat.

There's no doubt, you're in deep.

Your throat is tight, you can't breathe.

Another kiss is all I'll need.

Might as well face it, you're addicted to me."

Julia blushed bright red when she read Madison's taunting little note.&nbsp; But before she could react any further, Madison grabbed her stunned teacher, pulled her close, and kissed her long and hard right on her lips.&nbsp; As they kissed, the young girl's exploring hands roved down her teacher's back and cupped her resilient buns.&nbsp; Julia moaned, then tried her best to pull away from Madison's torrid kiss.&nbsp; But the young girl held onto her now frantic teacher until she decided it was time to come up for air.&nbsp; Julia was panting hard and looking at the young girl with wide, fearful eyes.

"Don't worry, teacher dear.&nbsp; It's okay.&nbsp; People who are in love with each other kiss, don't they?"&nbsp; When the older woman heard these words she nearly swooned away in bliss.&nbsp; Madison had said she loved her.&nbsp; Wow!

Then Madison spoiled everything by giggling as she turned and walked away.

A week later, Madison handed Julia another note at the end of class.

"You see the signs, but you can't read.

You're running at a different speed.

Your heart beats in double time.

Another kiss and you'll be mine.

You know you're gonna have to face it, you're addicted to me."

As soon as Julia looked up from the note Madison grabbed her once again and kissed the stunned woman hard on the mouth.&nbsp; This time Madison's searching tongue invaded the older woman's mouth and twined with Julia's.&nbsp; As Julia kissed back for all she was worth, Madison's roving hands pushed Julia away from her body just enough so the young girl could get at her teacher's pendant breasts.&nbsp;&nbsp; The bold fourteen-year-old squeezed Julia's tits until the older woman moaned in pleasure pain.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Madison finally broke the soul kiss.

"You'll get more if you are a good girl, teacher dear" Madison cooed softly.&nbsp; Julia was so embarrassed by being called "teacher dear" that she just stood there nodding her head dumbly.

"Do you want more, teacher dear?"

Julia finally spoke up.

"Please, Madison.&nbsp; Please don't call me 'teacher dear'.&nbsp; It embarrasses me so much to hear you say it that way".

Madison just smirked her most superior smirk.

"I said, 'do you want more, teacher dear?'"

Julia knew she had lost, and merely nodded her head in a silent plea for more.

Madison giggled.

"We'll see how good you are, then maybe," Madison giggled, turned, and walked away, leaving Julia in a fit of ravenous frustration.&nbsp; And that is exactly how Madison wanted it.

Watching Julia's reaction to her cruel sexual teasing and taunting, Madison was pretty sure that Julia was just about ripe for the unique kind of picking that the young girl loved so well, and Madison had some really interesting ideas about exactly how and where Julia was going to be picked.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If Madison's plans were to succeed, summer swims in Julia's secluded pool were absolutely made to order for the young girl's sinister purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it was imperative from Madison's standpoint that she compel Julia to allow her to swim. 

By now, Madison had figured out that Julia had a pretty strong submissive streak that made the prospect of getting at her all the more promising.&nbsp;&nbsp; It seems that despite the fact that Julia was Madison's teacher; the older woman always seemed to defer to Madison whenever a question came up in class.&nbsp; Julia tried half-heartedly to reinforce school rules with her students, but always seemed to defer to Madison when the girl desired to do something "outside the box."&nbsp; Madison had to confess to herself that she took a cruel pleasure in her little bullying sessions with Julia.&nbsp; It was great fun to make the other woman give in despite the fact that she knew that Madison's latest desire didn't mesh with school policy.&nbsp; Madison always won in the end.&nbsp; She loved it. 

The way Madison treated her, sometimes torridly affectionate, sometimes cruelly bullying, kept Julia in a constant state of confusion and anxiety.&nbsp; Did Madison really love her, or was she only toying with her?&nbsp; The older woman ruefully admitted to herself that the prospect of the former made Julia willing to suffer the latter.&nbsp; 

The day before the end of classes for the school year Madison handed Julia another little note.

"Your lights are on, but you're not home.

Your will is not your own.

Your heart sweats, your teeth grind.

Another kiss and you'll be mine.



A one-track mind; you can't be saved.

Oblivion is all you crave.



You know you're gonna have to face it, you're addicted to me."

This time, after reading Madison's note, Julia was ready for the expected kiss.&nbsp; But instead of grabbing her and kissing her, Madison suddenly reached her left hand out and grasped the hem of Julia's skirt.&nbsp;&nbsp; The young girl lifted the skirt till it was bunched around the startled older woman's waist.&nbsp; Before Julia even had time to think about what was happening to her, Madison had reached out her right hand and placed it tight against the older woman's panty clad pussy.

"Spread your legs for me Julia baby, so I can find out if you're wet for me."

Madison's brazen order took Julia totally by surprise.&nbsp; Without thinking about it, the older woman did as bidden and Madison slid two fingers along the gusset of Julia's panties.

"You ARE wet for me, aren't you, Julia?&nbsp; How sweet.&nbsp; You really love me, don't you?&nbsp; I really turn you on, don't I?"

Julia was totally humiliated to be standing in front of Madison, who had indisputable evidence on her sticky fingers that the older woman was now hers for the taking.&nbsp;&nbsp; All the mortified teacher could hope for now was that Madison loved her as much as she loved this girl, and that she was as sexually attracted to her as Julia was to Madison.

"Do you love me, Julia," came the quiet question.

"Yes, Madison.&nbsp; I love you so much."

"Then you'll want me around all summer long, won't you, teacher dear?"

Julia began to shiver all over.&nbsp; Her fantasy was coming true at last.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her "Prince Charming" had finally arrived and wanted to be with her all summer long.&nbsp; 

"Yes Madison.&nbsp; That would be wonderful."

The young girl smiled.

"Can I come swim in your pool?"

"Certainly, Madison.&nbsp; You can swim any time you desire; if that will make you happy".

Madison gave her teacher's pussy a little pinch, then she dropped her hands and walked away.&nbsp; At the classroom door, the young girl turned and said, "expect to see me every afternoon then, all summer long."

All Julia could do was say "yes, Madison."

Madison smiled sweetly and closed the classroom door behind her.&nbsp; The young girl knew what Julia had in mind for the summer; long, leisurely late afternoon swims followed by sweet, "happily ever after" lovemaking with the girl up in her teacher's bedroom.&nbsp;&nbsp; Madison also knew that it didn't really matter to her one little bit what Julia either wanted or didn't want.&nbsp; It only mattered to her what she herself wanted.&nbsp;&nbsp; And she wanted Julia.&nbsp; Actually, she had wanted Julia to serve her sexual needs for a long time.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had become bored with merely teasing and tormenting the older woman.&nbsp; She knew that her teacher was becoming increasingly hungry to experience more, but Julia was just too scared to do anything about it herself.&nbsp; That was just fine with Madison.&nbsp;&nbsp; She wanted Julia to be scared of her as well as attracted to her.&nbsp; That would make her all the more vulnerable and intimidatable.&nbsp; 

Madison meant to have Julia for once and for all, and as soon as possible.&nbsp;&nbsp; She wanted Julia to slide right under her thumb, and she wanted Julia to remain under her dominating thumb even after the summer ended, and for as long as Julia continued to amuse her.&nbsp; Madison just couldn't wait to turn Julia into her most recent conquest. 

The Monday of the first week of summer vacation saw Madison come over to Julia's house around five that afternoon for her swim.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Madison had dressed in a bikini that looked to be at least two sizes too small for her and had covered herself with a thin white T-shirt just to walk across the street from her house to Julia's.&nbsp; Julia was standing there at her open front door waiting for her young guest, dressed demurely in a rather chaste one-piece swimsuit.&nbsp;&nbsp; She nearly fainted when she saw how sexy and desirable Madison looked in her skimpy little.&nbsp; And as for Madison, she almost laughed out loud when she saw Julia's swimwear.&nbsp; 

"You'll never win my heart or my hot kisses wearing a suit like that, teacher dear," the young girl said with a condescending smile on her face.&nbsp; 

Julia was totally taken aback.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was absolutely crestfallen.

"I'm sorry, Madison, I'll go buy a better one tomorrow."

Madison reached out and patted her teacher's swimsuit-clad rear as they walked together toward the pool gate.

"That's my good little teacher dear.&nbsp; And make sure it's as skimpy as possible.&nbsp; I want to see all of the girl I'm in love with."

Madison's flattery words were music to Julia's ears.&nbsp; The young girl really loved her.&nbsp; She had said so right out loud.&nbsp; Everything was wonderful after all.&nbsp; As she swam and frolicked with Madison, Julia let her imagination run wild with her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fantasies of her hungry body entwined with that of her little girl lover filled the older woman's fevered mind.&nbsp; Finally, someone loved her, someone young and sexy and self assured and strong, someone who would take care of her.

Julia's salacious fantasy daydream was suddenly interrupted by Madison lifting her lithe wet body out of the pool and onto the pavement beside it.

"What's the matter, Madison," Julia's voice quivered with anxiety.&nbsp; "Have I done something wrong?"

Madison looked down from her seat by the poolside.

"Yes, Julia.&nbsp; There sure is something wrong.&nbsp; We've been swimming together now for ten minutes, and you haven't even kissed me yet.&nbsp; I don't think you really love me at all."

Julia was mortified by Madison's harsh words.

"I'm so sorry, Madison.&nbsp; I thought you only wanted to swim.&nbsp; I'm really stupid not to have kissed you when you first came in.&nbsp; Please let me kiss you now.&nbsp; Please."

Julia's voice sounded so pitiful; Madison had to use all her will power not to laugh right in the older woman's face.&nbsp; Instead, the young girl put on her sternest visage.

"No, Julia.&nbsp; I don't want to kiss you any more.&nbsp; I'm going home now.&nbsp; And I am going to let you take the next two days to decide whether you want me to be in love with you, and what you need to do to keep me happy."

With that, the young girl got up and flounced out through the pool gate, leaving a thoroughly devastated and crying Julia behind.&nbsp; The older woman crawled slowly out of the pool and shuffled dejectedly back into her house.&nbsp;&nbsp; Julia knew that Madison was very angry with her, and she deserved it.&nbsp; She was a worthless puddle of slime.&nbsp; But she would do better next time, praying as hard as she could that there would be a next time.

Thursday night had rolled around and Madison did not appear for her five p.m. swim.&nbsp; When Madison had not arrived by her expected time, Julia started pacing back and forth in her living room, trying to burn off her excess anxious energy.&nbsp; When would Madison finally get here?&nbsp; When would she be allowed another opportunity to look longingly at that young girl's lush teenage body?&nbsp; And when would she be able to show Madison what a loving, docile and well-trained lover girl she could be?&nbsp; She had been just barely able to keep herself from falling under Madison's lurid domination while the girl had been her student.&nbsp; But, now that this last barrier to her loving surrender was gone, Julia could do nothing but wait impatiently until the fourteen year old decided it was finally time to take over total control of her.



At last, around six- thirty, Julia heard her doorbell ring.&nbsp; She literally ran to the door, she was so worked up.&nbsp; The tense older woman put her eye to the peephole and stared out hopefully.&nbsp; Thank heaven. There was young Madison standing on her front porch, smiling brightly, all undressed up in her sexy string bikini.&nbsp; Julia licked her lips unconsciously as she opened the door. 



"Hi Julia," Madison said almost dismissively as she stepped into the house.&nbsp; She made no effort to hide her long look of appraisal as she surveyed Julia standing right in front of her in the "special" swimsuit that Madison had ordered her to pick out earlier that week. Julia could feel the heat of Madison's gaze as she assessed the older woman's body.



"Ummmmmmm," Madison purred in approval.&nbsp; "I see you decided to do what I told you and buy a skimpy little two piece.&nbsp; I like you in it so much.&nbsp; You look good enough to eat, teacher dear."



Julia wriggled.&nbsp; She just couldn't help herself.



"Hi Madison," Julia said in that same small voice she found herself using whenever she spoke to the young schoolgirl.&nbsp; Her heart was pounding and she felt flushed.&nbsp; Would Madison notice how flustered she was?



Madison could instantly perceive the stark hunger in the older woman's eyes. She knew she was holding all the high cards from now on and she was about to play them until she won the game.&nbsp; 



"Go ahead and turn around for me, teacher dear, so I can see all of you."



Julia blushed.



"Please, Madison.&nbsp; You know it embarrasses me when you call me that."



Madison shrugged and gave her teacher that "whatever" look.&nbsp; "I know, teacher dear.&nbsp; That's why I do it.&nbsp; Now be a good girl for me and turn around so I can look at you.&nbsp; You know you want me to look at you, lover girl."



Sheepishly, and without another word, Julia did as she was bidden, feeling more exposed and vulnerable than she had at any time in her life.&nbsp; A feeling of growing helplessness began to overwhelm her senses. Madison nonchalantly placed her tiny hand on Julia's naked arm and gave it a little squeeze.&nbsp; At her touch, Julia felt a little buzz of wanton yearning go right through her body.&nbsp; Madison giggled.&nbsp; 



"I can't swim tonight, Julia 'cause I have to play some fun little games with Mommy instead.&nbsp; But I know you like looking at me, and so I came over for a few minutes just so you could look at me."



Julia shuddered at Madison's words.&nbsp; Was the older woman's desire to ogle the young girl so apparent?&nbsp; That was so humiliating.&nbsp; Madison saw Julia's expression of shame and embarrassment and decided to press her point.&nbsp; "And you know by now I like looking at your body too, lover girl.&nbsp; And I like knowing you want me to look at your body.&nbsp; Don't you Julia?&nbsp; That's why you did what I told you and bought that skimpy little swimsuit for me.&nbsp; So I could look at you.&nbsp; Didn't you, teacher dear?"



Julia just stood there, mute with humiliation.



"Turn around again Julia and let me see my teacher dear's tuff little MILF body some more."



As if in a trance, Julia did as bidden.&nbsp; Madison giggled again, a little louder this time.



"You're so obvious, Julia.&nbsp; You so desperately need for me to love you, you're willing to do anything I say, no matter how humiliating it is."



Julia drew back from the young girl's taunting words.&nbsp; Suddenly, the older woman was possessed with a flash of desire to contradict her young student.



"No, Madison.&nbsp; That's not true.&nbsp; I don't need you to love me.&nbsp; I don't need that at all.&nbsp; I just want to be your friend.&nbsp; Your very good friend, I'll admit.&nbsp; But only your friend.&nbsp; Okay, It's true that I love you.&nbsp; I can confess that to you now.&nbsp; I love you so very much.&nbsp; But I don't need you to love me back.&nbsp; I really wish you did love me back.&nbsp; And I hope you do.&nbsp; But I don't need it."



Madison smirked.



"Yeah, right, Julia. Now be my good little teacher dear and turn around again for me."



Julia was now hungry beyond caring and resigned to her fate.&nbsp; She bowed her head and slowly did as she was bidden.



When Julia had completely turned around for the second time, her eyes fastened upon Madison's almost naked body.&nbsp; The older woman unconsciously licked her lips once more.&nbsp; Madison locked eyes with her.



"We both like looking at each other, Julia.&nbsp; But you'll have to admit these damn swimsuits keep us from going all the way.&nbsp; But I'm going to change that real soon.&nbsp; Would you like that, teacher dear?&nbsp; Would you like going all the way with me?"



Julia was so ravenous for the sight of the young girl's practically naked body at that moment she couldn't think straight.&nbsp; But the words she wanted to say just wouldn't come, so she just nodded her head "yes".



Madison giggled again.&nbsp; This was so much fun; tormenting this sexually repressed, borderline submissive grown woman.&nbsp; She had wanted to conquer Julia all last year at school.&nbsp; But her better senses made her wait until the older woman's last barriers to being dominated were gone.&nbsp; And now they were.



"And aren't you a dirty little girl for wanting to look at me without my swimsuit on?&nbsp; Aren't you, lover girl?



Madison looked at Julia with cold hard eyes demanding an answer to her impertinent question.



Julia blushed but just nodded her head again.



"Say it, Julia," Madison wasn't going to be put off.



"Yes," Julia said meekly, "I'm a dirty little girl for loving you as much as I do and for wanting to look at you naked, Madison."



Madison knew deep in her soul that now was the time to set the hook.



"And you want me to look at you naked, too.&nbsp; Don't you, teacher dear?&nbsp; Looking at my grown up lover girl naked would make me so very happy."



Julia lowered her head and nodded "yes".&nbsp; What else could she do?&nbsp; Madison was absolutely right.&nbsp; Julia did want the schoolgirl to see her naked.&nbsp; She wanted Madison to make her strip off that stupid swimsuit so she could pose for the girl as naked as the day she was born.&nbsp; She wanted more than anything for Madison to want to see her body as much as she wanted to see the young girl's.&nbsp; She wanted Madison to approve of her body.&nbsp; She wanted Madison to hunger for her as much as she hungered for the young girl.&nbsp; She wanted Madison to love her.



"And you want me to love you so much you'll do anything I say."



Julia looked the young girl straight in the eye.



"You know I fell head over heels in love with you the first time I saw you walk into my class room.&nbsp; I just couldn't help myself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay.&nbsp; I confess.&nbsp; I want you to love me, too.&nbsp; And I already know what you want me to give you so you will love me.&nbsp; And I'll give it to you.&nbsp; I will, Madison.&nbsp;&nbsp; I really will.&nbsp; I'll willingly surrender to you so you'll love me as much as I love you.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can have my body to do anything you wish.&nbsp; What more could I do to prove how much I love you?&nbsp; You know how worthless I am.&nbsp; But if you love me in spite of that fact, I promise I'll get better.&nbsp; I'll be a better person just for you."



Madison smiled ever so sweetly.



"Then why don't you just take off your top for me like a good little teacher and let me see those big, floppy MILF tits of yours?"



Julia just stood there for a moment.&nbsp; Was Madison really going to make her expose her breasts to the young girl?&nbsp; Was she really going to cross that line?&nbsp; As if in a trance, Julia closed her eyes, reached behind her, unfastened the little clasp that held her bikini top in place, and shrugged it off her body.



When Julia's large, pendent breasts came into view, Madison applauded like she had won a game, which only made Julia blush beet red.



"That's my good little MILF slut.&nbsp; Open your eyes.&nbsp; I want you to look at me so there won't be any doubt about who is making you do all this."



Reluctantly, Julia opened her eyes and gazed at her fourteen year old domme. Madison smiled.



"Now how about the bottoms, too?&nbsp; You know you want me to see your big girl teacher pussy.&nbsp; Maybe then I'll fall in love with you."



Julia shuddered.&nbsp; She knew this was the beginning of the end for her, but she couldn't resist.&nbsp; Her hands moved down her slender sides as if they had a mind of their own and she began to push the tiny bikini bottoms off her flaring hips.&nbsp; Her whole body trembled in expectation.&nbsp; If she stripped naked for the young girl, maybe Madison would return the favor.&nbsp; God! She hoped so.



But Madison, who understood all about how to wield sexual power over older women, knew that making Julia stop right then at the very second when she was so desperate to show the girl just how far Madison could push her would be the most degrading and frustrating thing she could do to the older woman, now that Julia had proven how submissive she was willing to be.&nbsp; 



"Stop, Julia.&nbsp; Just stop it.&nbsp; On second thought, I've decided I want to wait to see that big girl teacher pussy of yours some other time.&nbsp; So why don't you just stand there for me like a good little slut girl and let me admire your big, floppy tits."



Julia was mortified.&nbsp; She wanted more than anything in the world right now to consummate her surrender to Madison, but the young girl was ordering her to wait.&nbsp; The older woman shuddered all over, and it was everything she could do to keep from screaming out her frustration.&nbsp; Madison decided now was exactly the right time to push Julia further down the well of depravity, now that she had the older woman totally off balance.



"Julia, you little slut.&nbsp; Why don't you play with your big, floppy teacher tits for me?&nbsp; I just love watching MILFs like you play with their tits.&nbsp;&nbsp; Do it, bitch!&nbsp; That's a good little slut.&nbsp;&nbsp; I bet you like to daydream at night about me, all cute and naked and stuff, lying on your bed with my knees up around my ears and my legs all spread wide, just waiting for you to lick my little girl pussy for me.&nbsp; Don't you daydream about me lying there ordering you lick me till I cum?&nbsp; And I bet you like to play with your big girl soppy wet pussy when you dream about me that way.&nbsp; Isn't that right, teacher dear?"



Julia's hands moved over her own naked breasts, trying her best to entice the young girl to order her to complete her surrender.&nbsp; And, as hard as she tried not to, Julia could not prevent herself from answering truthfully.



"Yes," Julia said that damning word just above a whisper after a long silence



"Yes what? Answer the whole question, Julia."



"Yes I like to think about you naked, ordering me to lick you, and I do play... play with my big girl pussy.&nbsp; I play with it all the time now" 



To her disgust, as Julia said these sick, depraved words, she could distinctly feel the sexual tension commence to crest within her sex-hunger-racked body.&nbsp; She could sense that her engorged pussy lips were swelling under her swimsuit gusset. Just saying these nasty things about herself was turning her on so very hard.&nbsp; And she could feel her erect nipples pressing against her palms as she fondled herself in front of Madison.



"I know, Julia.&nbsp; I bet you play with your pussy a lot.&nbsp; And I definitely want to see you playing with that big girl pussy of yours for me.&nbsp; So don't worry. I'll be making you do that for me real soon.&nbsp; Don't you want me to watch you, you little exhibitionist slut?&nbsp; Well, don't you?"



Julia heard the young girl's cruel reaction to her humiliating addiction to her and finally saw little Madison for what she was; some sort of a dangerous bad seed kind of sociopath.&nbsp; That realization ignited a firestorm of fear within the older woman's soul.



"Please, Madison.&nbsp; I didn't mean to admit to you that I do such nasty things.&nbsp; Please don't make me do anything like that in front of you.&nbsp; I would just die of embarrassment."



Madison stomped her little foot and yelled.



"Don't ever lie to me, Julia.&nbsp; I already know all there is to know about you, you sexually repressed little submissive slut, you.&nbsp; I've read all about women just like you at school.&nbsp; You can't get away with denying anything about your sick feelings for me any more. You've been wanting to confess all kinds of nasty stuff like that to me all last year when I was in your class.&nbsp; And you've been longing to show me your floppy old tits till it got to the point you couldn't stand it any more.&nbsp; And you've been praying that I'd realize just how submissive and dirty you really were and how much you wanted to be controlled by a young girl just like me.&nbsp; And you are horny enough right this minute to beg me to play all kinds of nasty, submissive little games with you.&nbsp; And you've been wanting to get up enough nerve to beg me to take a look at your nasty pussy, too, even though I've just decided to save doing that for a little later.&nbsp; You've been wanting so much to confess to me that you crave my sexy little body more than anything in the whole world, and that you lie in bed every night and put as many of your fat grown up girl fingers as you can possible get way deep inside your soppy wet pussy, and in every one of your jill off dreams you beg me and beg me and beg me to please let you lick me out and then, when I'm all cummed out, you beg me to let you cum, too."



Julia hung her head in abject humiliation and utter degradation while Madison just smiled because she knew every cruel word she had spoken was absolutely true. 



"The very first time I came into your classroom, Julia, I knew you just had be the next grown up woman I took control of.&nbsp; I teased you all year to make you hunger for me, but you couldn't have me because you were my teacher and all.&nbsp; But you're not my teacher any more.&nbsp; For all your stuffy little put on bullshit ways about being such a super strong woman and all, I could tell right away what a weak willed, submissive little slut you really are.&nbsp; All that strong woman crap was just a cover up.&nbsp; I knew if I came over here and swam in your pool every day, and let you stare at my tuff little girl body, that in time, you would fall for me so hard you couldn't stop yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; I knew if I started telling you to let me swim over here instead of asking you that soon you would get used to me ordering you around, and that it would start to get your pussy really wet whenever a little girl like me did it.&nbsp; I knew in time, you would become completely obsessed with me.&nbsp; In time, you would want to spend every minute of your life with me.&nbsp; In time, you would surrender completely to me and from then on you would want nothing but the privilege of being my slutty little hand puppet.&nbsp; Let's face it, Julia.&nbsp; You want me to humiliate and degrade you.&nbsp; You've wanted that since you first met me.&nbsp; That idea makes you all wet and runny.&nbsp; So, no.&nbsp; You didn't have to admit anything at all to me, teacher dear. I already knew you played with yourself while dreaming of licking my yummy little girl pussy.&nbsp; And soon I'm going to make you show me just how nasty you are when you jill yourself off, too."



Madison wanted to drive the point home that Julia was totally hers now.



"And when you are just about to cum that first time I make you play with your pussy, you silly little slut, I'm going to whisper in your ear that I don't love you at all and that I was never going to love you.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to be as mean and as cruel as I can be to you.&nbsp; I'm going to keep amusing myself with you till I finally get tired of you.&nbsp; And you're going to beg me over and over to do everything I can imagine to degrade you and humiliate you.&nbsp; And you're going to pray every day that I finally will love you and be nice to you, but it will never happen."



Julia started sobbing.&nbsp; Tears were streaming down her face as she realized Madison was telling her the truth.&nbsp; 



"Oh Madison.&nbsp; All I ever wanted was just to lie with you on that soft little bed of mine and kiss you tenderly and make sweet love with you.&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted our love to be so special, so sweet and gentle, just between the two of us.&nbsp; But I know you want something much different from me.&nbsp; And I'll give you what you want if you let me worship you.&nbsp; I'm so hungry for you, Madison.&nbsp; I hate myself for wanting you so much, but I can't help it.



Madison just shrugged her shoulders, indicating she just didn't care at all how much pain she was giving her teacher.



"Please Madison, please don't treat me this way.&nbsp; I'll do anything you ask.&nbsp; You know that.&nbsp; I'm standing here half naked because you told me too.&nbsp; Isn't that proof enough that I'll do whatever you tell me to do?&nbsp; Just please don't treat me like this.&nbsp; Please, please.&nbsp; I'll be good.&nbsp; I promise."



Madison gave Julia her broadest young girl smirk.&nbsp; "Do you want me to take my top off now, Julia, so you can see my sweet little tits?&nbsp; I mean it's only fair since I've been looking at those cow udders of yours for the past ten minutes."



Julia's eyes flashed with lewd anticipation.&nbsp; Madison was really going to allow her to see what she had hungered to view all school year long.



"Yes, Madison.&nbsp; Please, please, please."



Hearing the older woman's desperate plea, Madison just shrugged her shoulders as if to say that Julia must be absolutely crazy to think the girl would actually do such a thing.&nbsp; "Yeah, right," she said with another cruel giggle in her throat.&nbsp; Then, without another word, Madison let herself out of Julia's house and sauntered away, now absolutely sure of her complete victory.&nbsp; 



After Madison had left her house, and after her racking sobs had subsided, Julia found that she was half relieved and half agitated at not being forced to get all the way naked in front of Madison and, even more to the point, at not being able to see the young girl naked.&nbsp; What was happening to her?&nbsp; Why couldn't she just throw this vicious little girl out of her life before things got completely out of hand?&nbsp; 



Fear replaced hunger, then white-hot anger replaced fear in Julia's fevered mind.&nbsp; The older woman sat down in her living room and began to give herself a stern lecture.&nbsp; She most definitely didn't want Madison, this fourteen year old terror, to get the better of her and steal her soul and her self respect, no matter what salacious enticements the young girl promised in exchange for her sexual servitude.&nbsp; There would be no more exhibitionist displays of her naked charms in front of the young schoolgirl.&nbsp; No more pitiful pleading with her not to treat her so mean.&nbsp; No more pathetic declarations of submission.&nbsp; No more!&nbsp;&nbsp; Despite what Madison said, Julia knew she really was a strong, self-assured, and capable woman who didn't need any little teenage girl telling her what to do.&nbsp; She wasn't sexually repressed. She wasn't submissive.&nbsp; She wasn't!



Julia determined to put any stray obsessive thoughts about Madison right out of her head and occupy her mind instead by getting dressed properly and then fixing a delightful dinner for herself.&nbsp; She tore off her swimsuit bottoms, gathered up the two pieces of cloth, and carried them boldly into her bedroom, where she shoved them to the very back of her chest of drawers.&nbsp; Then she put on sensible bra and panties, shorts, and a T-shirt and went into the kitchen to get dinner going.



About eight o'clock her phone rang.



Hi, Ms. Manis.&nbsp; It's Sharma, Madison's Mommy."



Oh hi, Sharma.&nbsp; Is Madison okay?



As she listened for Sharma's reply, stark terror gripped Julia's gut and twisted it in knots.&nbsp; Did Madison's mom know about her sick cravings for her daughter and the lewd way Madison had just taken advantage of it?&nbsp; Had Madison said something to her about the hungry way she looked at Madison, and how she had exhibited her naked breasts in front of the young girl less than a couple hours ago?&nbsp; Was she going to be in serious trouble because of it?&nbsp; Was this the beginning of the end for her?



Julia couldn't tell for certain but it sounded as if Madison's mom was breathing heavy as she said, "Sure.&nbsp; Madison's fine.&nbsp; But I need to ask you a big favor."



Julia was so relieved that Madison's mother was asking her for a favor.&nbsp; That meant Sharma definitely had not discovered any of her nasty little secrets.&nbsp; Julia almost laughed out loud with relief.



"Sure, Sharma.&nbsp; Just name it."



There was a catch in Sharma's voice and what Julia thought was a low moan before she continued.



"I have to go back to Cleveland tomorrow night and won't be back till late Sunday night.&nbsp; I just wanted to know if Madison could stay over with you for the weekend.&nbsp; She talks about you all the time and she has such a good time swimming in your pool."



As Julia pondered Sharma's request, she thought she could hear soft girl giggling in the background.&nbsp; But that impression didn't have time to grab hold of her conscious mind, because Julia suddenly became overwhelmed with sick hunger to have Madison all to herself for the whole weekend, and, truth to tell, to be totally available to the young girl's sexual whims as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; All her stern talk earlier that evening about being strong and not giving in to the young girl evaporated in a blue flame of purest sex lust.&nbsp;&nbsp; She would be able to look at the girl for as long as she wanted to, and Madison could look at all of her for as long as she wanted as well.&nbsp; They could swim together all day, even swim naked if they wanted to.&nbsp; And maybe....



"Sure, Sharma," Julia almost shouted over the phone.&nbsp; 



"I'll be glad to have her around for the weekend.&nbsp; It'll be fun, and I'll take good care of her for you."



But instead of a sigh of relief on the other end of the phone, Julia distinctly heard what could only be a choked off sob.



"Sharma.&nbsp; Are you okay?"



Sharma didn't answer for a few seconds, as if she were holding her breath; trying to regain enough self control to continue.



"Yes, I'm fine," she practically whispered into the phone.&nbsp; 



"I just have a bad headache, and it hurts."



Julia could now definitely hear girl giggling in the background, but, before she could ask about it, Sharma said a quick "thanks and goodbye," and hung up the phone.



To say the least, Julia had a very difficult time sleeping that night.&nbsp; Her sultry dreams swirled around salacious visions of her kneeling completely naked and excruciatingly subservient in front of a haughty and cruel little Madison.&nbsp; The young girl was totally naked also and seated on the side of Julia's bed with her trim tan legs spread wide; a smirk of complete triumph on her cute little girl face, her mocking finger beckoning Julia to crawl to her.&nbsp; Then there were those sick images of her, naked, on all fours while Madison spanked her naked butt with her own hairbrush.&nbsp; Then there were other images, too sordid and sick even to relate here.&nbsp; Julia tossed and turned in her sleep and could get no rest.



All next day, Julia found herself distracted by thoughts of Madison and what the two of them would do together that weekend.&nbsp; But then Julia found herself racked by a cold, dark fear.&nbsp; Surely Madison would have a change of heart.&nbsp; Surely she wouldn't want any part of a woman more than twice her age, especially since Julia had confessed all her horrid, sick pedophilic fantasies.&nbsp; Surely the young girl would find her expressions of total sexual surrender utterly repellant and report her immediately to the authorities if she even lifted a finger to turn her salacious fantasies into reality.&nbsp; Madison was obviously a girl who liked to swim in her pool, and to put on a skin show for women like Julia who were a safe target for her cruelty because she knew they were too scared or too moral to try anything really nasty.&nbsp; Sure, Madison had made Julia take her swimsuit top off, but that was just something the fourteen year old had done to play nasty little mind games with her.&nbsp; Julia remembered with a pang of regret that Madison had stopped the older woman from removing her last veil of modesty.&nbsp; Surely Madison had suddenly become disgusted with Julia, and had decided that she had had enough of the older woman's obvious infatuation and slavish devotion to her.&nbsp; Madison must have come to the conclusion last night that she didn't want Julia, especially her when there were so many other, younger, sexier girls and women she could prey upon.&nbsp; The girl had seen Julia's naked breasts and must have concluded right then and there that she could do lots better than Julia if she wanted a sexy submissive female to push around.&nbsp; Julia finally decided that Madison had merely satisfied her curiosity about her body, and had decided that Julia just wasn't enticing enough to play with.



Julia told herself that she had better get all those disgusting dreams about humiliating herself in front of Madison out of her mind before she got herself into some very serious trouble.&nbsp; Sure, it was obvious that Madison liked to tease and torment older women, to push their erotic envelope a little.&nbsp; What girl her age didn't dream of pushing some older woman around, particularly her own mother?&nbsp; This was especially true if the young schoolgirl could make a strong, successful MILF like Julia bow subserviently to her sexual bidding, then brag about it to all her little schoolfellow girlfriends and playmates.&nbsp; 



But if Julia ever really tried any of those sick, horrid things she had dreamed about late last night on Madison, the older woman was now absolutely certain the young girl would just laugh out loud right in her face, and then report her to the nearest Child Abuse policewoman.&nbsp; Julia knew for sure that being exposed as a secret pedophile meant immediate termination from her job, loss of her nice house and pool, and most assuredly some hard jail time to boot.&nbsp; She just wasn't going to risk it.&nbsp; She just wasn't!



So, Julia pulled herself together that afternoon and resigned herself to a weekend where she would constantly have to be keeping herself in check.&nbsp; Or else!



Late, that Friday afternoon, Julia opened her font door to find Madison waiting in her usual spot on the front porch outside Julia's fence.&nbsp; The older woman was more than a little bit startled to see the girl, despite the fact that she knew to be expecting her.&nbsp; Despite herself, Julia began to feel the first stirrings of secret longing even before she could say "hello."&nbsp; But she knew that extreme danger lay down that road, so she took herself to task and worked with all her might to cool down.



"Hi, Madison.&nbsp; I thought your Mom wasn't leaving till after dinner."



Madison smiled up at Julia, and the older woman noted an evil little glint in the young girl's eyes.



"She had to leave earlier than expected, Julia.&nbsp; She sent me over here with my stuff for the weekend.&nbsp; I knew it would be okay with you.&nbsp; You always like to see me.&nbsp; You told me so last night.&nbsp; Remember?"



Madison punctuated her sentence with a giggle.



As Julia blushed at the girl's emphasis on the word "see", Madison just giggled again and pointed to an overnight case sitting on the ground next to her.&nbsp; It was then that Julia noticed that Madison already had her tight little string bikini on with nothing but a two-sizes-too-small T-shirt on top.&nbsp; The older woman just couldn't stop her eyes from straying as she gave the young girl the once over.&nbsp; Yes.&nbsp; There it was; that haunting, hinting curve of the girl's bikini top, those taut little nipples, that enticing thrust of puffiness between her slender legs.&nbsp; Irrational hunger fought a desperate battle against fear of discovery and self-preservation for control of Julia's mind and soul, and Julia couldn't deny that hunger was winning.



When Julia could finally tear her longing gaze away, she looked into Madison's unblinking eyes, and then she saw that familiar little smirk on the girl's lips.



"Do you still like what you see, Julia? You've been looking at my body now all week long. You know you only have to ask to see more of it.&nbsp; Actually, from now on, you'll have to beg to see more, but I bet you're willing to do that now.&nbsp; And don't you want to do more than just look, Julia?&nbsp; You already said you did.&nbsp; You already proved it by letting me make you take your top off last night.&nbsp; And I'll let you do more than just look, too, teacher dear, if you beg me really nice.&nbsp; But it will cost you, Julia.&nbsp; And you already know what it will cost you, don't you?&nbsp; Are you willing to pay my price?"



Hearing Madison's taunting words, Julia let her eyes once more sweep hungrily across the young girl's sexy body from head to toe, but then screaming fear suddenly blasted everything else out of her mind and she came back to herself.&nbsp; Before the older woman could utter a word more, the young girl saw the panic in Julia's eyes and said in a husky whisper, "That's okay, Julia.&nbsp; I'll wait a little while longer to make you to beg.&nbsp; I can wait, Julia.&nbsp; I've got lots of time.&nbsp; So, can we go swimming now?"



Madison looked right at her and nodded toward the gate.



Julia could not help the shiver that ran over her body.&nbsp; What was in store for her? She fought her maddening desire to follow this girl down any pathway where she might lead and faced up to Madison once again, trying to be as cheerful as if she had never heard Madison's lewd questions.&nbsp; She decided to see if she could placate the girl in some way to reduce the tension between them.



"Sure Madison, we can swim now.&nbsp; Don't you want me to change into that special tight little bikini you like so much?"&nbsp; As she heard those pleading words coming out of her mouth, Julia was stunned by how blatantly a part of her was trying desperately to satisfy the young girl.&nbsp; Why did it suddenly matter so much to her whether Madison liked the idea of her asking to wear the swimsuit the young girl liked looking at her in?&nbsp; Couldn't she do anything to forestall the certain disaster that would follow along behind her giving in to those sick cravings her body and soul so clearly shared?



Madison looked up at the older woman.&nbsp; "Yeah, Julia.&nbsp; I've been thinking to myself all day long about how much fun it would be to make you wear that next to nothing bikini of yours.&nbsp; You know, the skimpy, slutty one you had on last night that shows off so much of your boobs and ass.&nbsp; You know, Julia, I really liked looking at your big floppy boobs last night.&nbsp; Just like I know you can't wait to look at my perky little ones right this minute."



Julia met Madison's cruel words with a tormenting mixture of anxiety and apprehension.&nbsp; But she decided to put a bold, cheerful face on her reply and pretend things were normal, even when she knew for certain sure they were anything but normal.&nbsp; 



"Okay, Madison.&nbsp; Just let me run in and change into my bikini, then, and I'll be right with you.&nbsp; But please don't go in the water until I get back.&nbsp; Okay, Madison?"



The young girl nodded her head dismissively as she opened the gate in the high wooden fence that surrounded the pool and said "whatever" in that special way that only young adolescent girls use to dismiss the irrelevant instructions of their elders.&nbsp; Madison smiled to herself because she knew that Julia had put up the fence a couple years ago to keep the neighborhood kids from swimming while she was not at home.&nbsp; But today, Madison was especially glad that Julia had done so.&nbsp; She was pretty sure she knew what she was going to make happen behind that high fence today, and she didn't want anyone seeing her do it; at least not yet.



Inside her bedroom, Julia practically tore her clothes off.&nbsp; The immediate sexual charge of being absolutely naked and vulnerable was almost overwhelming.&nbsp; What if Madison had followed her upstairs?&nbsp; What if the young girl were standing right there in her bedroom doorway, looking at her naked body.&nbsp; What if Madison wanted to take her right then and there and complete her surrender?&nbsp; From what she had seen and from what she had heard just now, Julia knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that Madison wanted her to surrender herself to her.&nbsp; Was Julia really going to give in and do what Madison wanted?&nbsp; The poor, tormented woman didn't know, and she also didn't know whether she could continue much longer in this horrid sexual limbo.



Before any lurid fantasies of what Madison had in mind for her could completely overwhelm her, Julia suddenly remembered what she was really here to do.&nbsp; She grabbed Madison's favorite bikini from way inside her chest of drawers where she had shoved it in a fit of self-disgust last night, slipped it on hurriedly, noted in the mirror just how really abbreviated it was, hoped fleetingly that Madison would be happy with how she looked in it, and rushed for the kitchen door that led to poolside.&nbsp; 



What Julia saw when she came out of the house made her draw a ragged breath.&nbsp; Madison was lying on a chaise lounge on her back with her young, tan arms behind her head.&nbsp; The T-shirt was gone, and the girl was practically naked in only that tiny, tight bikini of hers.&nbsp; Her pert breasts pushed hard against her tight top.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her tan belly revealed that last bit of puppy fat that girls her age have just before shooting up into full manhood.&nbsp; Her long, strong legs were spread so that Julia found herself looking directly between them; right at that enticing little camel toe.&nbsp; 



When Julia stopped staring and finally raised her eyes to meet those of the young girl, she saw that Madison's self-satisfied smirk had grown. 



"Come here, Julia.&nbsp; You know that after last night you don't have any secrets from me any more.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know you love me.&nbsp; I've seen the way you look at me.&nbsp; I've seen it all school year long," the fourteen-year-old said the words quietly, but with absolute authority over the older woman.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"You just can't keep your hungry eyes off my body.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't you think I know what dirty little pedo teachers like you want to do to itty bitty yummy little girls like me."&nbsp; Julia cringed away from Madison's mocking words.&nbsp; She wanted with all her heart to deny what the girl was saying about her even though she knew she had already admitted to her what Madison had said was true.&nbsp; She wanted so much to take back her confessions.&nbsp; She wanted so much for it not to be true.



Julia decided to try and bluster her way out.&nbsp; She practically shouted out her denials.



"No, Madison.&nbsp; That's not true.&nbsp;&nbsp; None of it!&nbsp; I really haven't been looking you that way.&nbsp; Not at all!&nbsp; In fact, I cant' be looking at you that way because you're so wrong about me.&nbsp; All wrong.&nbsp; Wrong. Wrong. Wrong."



Madison jus kept smiling as her tiny hand crept slowly down her bare tummy to lodge right below her belly button.



"Stop it, Julia! Just stop lying to me.&nbsp; You already showed me last night exactly what you are and what you want.&nbsp; You are nothing but a sexually repressed, submissive little pedo slut teacher MILF who can't get enough of ogling my little girl body.&nbsp; You've already admitted to me just what a pedo slut you really are.&nbsp; You already proved that you want me to boss you around and make you do slutty, sexy, nasty things.&nbsp; That's why you let me make you show me your tits last night. If that isn't the action of a submissive little pedo slut, I don't know what is.&nbsp; You already confessed to me that you play with your wet MILF pussy while you think about me all naked and stuff.&nbsp; Isn't that what dirty little pedo MILFs like you do?"



"You had better start remembering who is the boss of you from now on, slut.&nbsp; What would happen to you if I decide to tell the police all about you, huh?&nbsp; About how you look at me with those hungry little goat eyes of yours whenever I'm over here for a swim.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll tell them all about how you made me look at your floppy cow boobies last night.&nbsp; When I get through, they'll put you under the prison.&nbsp; I'll cry and cry when I tell them how you can't keep your eyes off my tits and my ass and my...."



Julia was frantic to deny Madison's words even while her eyes still couldn't seem to tear themselves away from watching the young girl's fingers rub back and forth across the material of her bikini bottom.&nbsp; 



"No, Madison.&nbsp; No!&nbsp; You're wrong!&nbsp; Please be wrong about me.&nbsp; Please don't push me any harder.&nbsp; Please don't push me into doing anything bad.&nbsp; Please!"



Madison had begun to slide her index finger up and down the tiny patch of material that covered her pussy.&nbsp; "Julia, I've told you before, you sick old bitch.&nbsp; Don't you ever dare to lie to me, slut.&nbsp; I can see you staring at my pussy right now, at what my sweet little finger is doing to it.&nbsp; I can see it all over your sick pedo face that you want more than anything in this world to run right over here to me this very minute and yank off my swimsuit and bury your slurpy grown woman tongue as deep as it will go in my yummy little girl crotch and then you want to use that slurpy tongue of yours just like I'm using my nasty little finger right now.&nbsp; You might as well admit that you lust after my cute young body, Julia.&nbsp; I know it.&nbsp; You know it.&nbsp; And, if you don't do exactly as I tell you from now on, the police will know it, too.&nbsp; Your dirty slutty pedo guilt is written all over your face.&nbsp; You've got the hots for this little girl and you can't do a thing to stop me. You can't deny it to yourself or anyone else any more. You'll never be able to lie your way out of it, now.&nbsp; You're in way too deep."



Julia began to shake her head and cry softly.&nbsp; "Madison, please, please don't go any further with this.&nbsp; Surely you won't force me to give up everything for you.&nbsp; Please don't do this to me. Pleeeeeeeease!"



Madison just giggled as her finger continued to taunt and tantalize. "What a pathetic little pedo slut loser you are, Julia.&nbsp; I've got you right where I want you and we both know it.&nbsp; I brought mom's camera over here with me today, and by the end of this weekend you're going to be on your knees begging me to take as many pictures as I want of all the slutty pedo things I'll make you do so you won't ever be able to get away from me even if you wanted to, which you won't.&nbsp; You're nothing but a disgusting little girl cunt lapper, and before I'm finished with you, I'll have all the pictures I'll ever need to prove it."&nbsp; 



Ironically, Julia's terror at being blackmailed by this fourteen-year-old vixen only served to stoke her hunger for the girl all the more.&nbsp; She suddenly flashed on herself totally lost in erotic compulsion, the last vestiges of her conscience abandoned, a complete slave to this merciless little girl lying there by her pool.&nbsp; Suddenly, nothing else mattered to her in that moment. The fear of losing her job, being disbarred, and even facing criminal prosecution could not even begin to overcome her ravenous hunger for all the delicious forms of humiliation that Madison promised her.&nbsp; Julia's shame and self loathing filled her with disgust, but ironically, drove her to total arousal all at the same time.&nbsp; The gusset of her bikini bottom was soaked to the point that she could actually feel the sticky sex fluid running down the inside of her thigh.&nbsp; 



Madison's evil chuckle made it quite clear that the young girl was well aware of the older woman's aroused condition. Right then Madison knew for sure she had finally won.



Julia knew it too.&nbsp; She sank slowly to the pavement beside the pool.&nbsp; Totally defeated.&nbsp; Found out.&nbsp; Exposed for the sick, sexually repressed, submissive pedo pervert she really was.&nbsp; If Madison really did make good on her threat to go to the authorities with her story of sexual molestation, Julia knew she wouldn't be able to hide the fact that it was all true, every bit of it.&nbsp; The now totally conquered woman slowly nodded her hear.&nbsp; "You're right, Madison. You're always right.&nbsp; I know that now.&nbsp; I admit it.&nbsp; I do lust after you even though I've tried and tried to fight against it all school year long.&nbsp; I don't want to want you as much as I do, but I can't fight it any more.&nbsp; Do whatever you want with me.&nbsp; I just can't stop you, any more."



Julia was still very afraid.&nbsp; But the twisted sick pleasure of her complete debasement in front of this fourteen-year-old schoolgirl drove out the screaming fear completely, and left her with nothing in its place but stark sexual hunger, and a commitment to submit totally.&nbsp; 



Madison smiled.&nbsp; She was so proud of her newest conquest.&nbsp; "I think you really, really want me to be your boss from now on, don't you, Julia.&nbsp; I think you've wanted it all school year long, but you were too disgusted with yourself and too afraid to confess it to me.&nbsp; But now we both know you want me to control you.&nbsp; So why don't you be a good girl and tell me what you would let me do to you if I could do anything I wanted to do.&nbsp; Make me wet telling me all the things you'll let me do."



Julia just stood there, completely dumbfounded.



Madison looked the older woman right in the eye.



"Would you beg me to play with your pussy?"



Julia could only nod "yes."



"Would you beg me to spank you if you misbehaved, you bad little girl?"



Julia nodded again.



"Would you beg me to make you get down on all fours so I could drag you around by your hair to show me just what a stupid little slut you are?"



Another nod, accompanied by a little sob.



Madison gave the older woman a cruel and knowing little smirk. 



"And I know you'll beg me and beg me to let you lick my sweet, wet pussy."



Another nod, accompanied by an even louder sob.



"And you'll beg me to do anything else that comes into my mind, won't you, Julia?"



"Yessssss"



Madison giggled.



"Because you love me and need me.&nbsp; Isn't that right, Julia?"



"Yessssss"



"I think you're all hot and bothered, Julia.&nbsp; I think you need to cool off some.&nbsp; So, do you wanna swim, Julia, or what?" the schoolgirl asked languidly as she rolled to her side on the chaise lounge.



Julia could hardly catch her breath.&nbsp; She knew she was totally lost.&nbsp; She just didn't have the will or the strength to fight it any more.



"Yes, Madison.&nbsp; I want to swim with you now."



Madison slowly got up and walked nonchalantly to the pool.&nbsp; 



"Come over here, slut, so I can play with what belongs to me.&nbsp; You know, I've been wanting you all school year too."



Julia shuffled over to where Madison was standing.&nbsp; The young girl reached out her tiny hand and began to fondle one of Julia's breasts through the material of her swimsuit.&nbsp; The older woman was helpless to stop her. After a moment of this, Madison used her other hand to lightly slap Julia's face. 



"From now on, whenever I am using you, Julia, I want you to look at me with your eyes wide open.&nbsp; Never turn away from me.&nbsp; I want to see that you know just who is making you do all those nasty things."&nbsp; Julia I nodded reluctantly, the tears really starting to come now.



"You want me to tear that skimpy little swimsuit right off your MILF body, don't you, Julia."



"Noooo" the older woman cried hot tears of humiliation.&nbsp; "Please don't do this to me."



"You're lying to me again, slut," Madison shouted so loud Julia feared the neighbors would hear her.&nbsp; 



"Now I will ask you again.&nbsp; Do you want me to tear that swimsuit right off your MILF body."



The older woman could feel the sex juices sopping her bikini bottom.&nbsp; In a defeated voice Julia mumbled, "yes, Madison."



"Then I think you should beg me really nicely to do it, Julia."



The older woman couldn't repress the sobbing that left her barely able to speak. "Please tear the swimsuit right off my MILF body so you can see what belongs to you."



 With a smug grin Madison knelt before Julia and reached out her hands, as if to unfasten the older woman's bikini bottom.&nbsp; Then, the mean young girl drew her hands back, stood up, and laughed right in Julia's face.&nbsp; 



"You want it too much, slut.&nbsp; And I don't want to give it to you right now. Let's swim first, Julia."



The older woman was suddenly sickly disappointed by not having had the opportunity to show herself to her teen schoolgirl owner.&nbsp; She started crying again and begged the girl "Please Madison don't do this to me.&nbsp; You said you wanted to strip me, and I begged you to strip me.&nbsp; Don't leave me hanging like this."



Madison just shrugged her shoulders, jumped in to pool, and started swimming laps.&nbsp; Seeing no other course of action, Julia dove in right behind her.&nbsp; 



Knowing nothing better to do in the current situation Julia, as was her custom, swam to the shallow end of the pool, turned, and began swimming straight to the other end.&nbsp; She was trying her best to cool off her hunger and dampen the itch that was growing each second between her legs, but she wasn't succeeding at all.&nbsp; Julia headed for the deep end to try to have enough time to gather her thoughts..&nbsp; As she reached the middle of the pool, the older woman felt two strong young hands grab her bikini bottom and begin to wrestle it completely off her body.&nbsp; She could feel her tight bikini bottom sliding completely off her hips and down her legs as she struggled to keep them on; but not too hard.&nbsp; She stood up in the pool and watched disconnectedly as her bottoms drifted slowly down her legs to the bottom of the pool.&nbsp; As she stepped out of them, Madison reached up and undid the older woman's top, and unceremoniously removed it completely.&nbsp; Julia just stood there and shivered while Madison let the older woman's top just drift away in the water.&nbsp; The smirk on the fourteen year old's face so frightened the now naked older woman that all she could do was sink back into the water and continue her swim.&nbsp; She didn't know where this was going, but Julia did realized that she and Madison had just crossed some kind of line, and she would not ever be able to cross back to the other side of it. 



As she swam back toward the shallow end, her mind a torrent of anticipation Julia felt an insistent little hand grab her between her legs and pull her roughly along in the water.&nbsp; Madison was now pulling Julia in such a was as to force the older woman to turn on her back and look up at Madison standing in the shallow end of the pool with the older woman's vulva firmly in her grasp.



"You like this, don't you, lover girl," Madison smiled down at the older woman.&nbsp; The schoolgirl began to let her hand stroke back and forth along the older woman's pussy. Julia could not suppress a moan of longing that escaped her lips.&nbsp; "You've been wanting me to do this to you all school year, haven't you, lover girl?"&nbsp; Julia could not say a word.&nbsp; She was shocked at the feel of the young girl's strength as she squeezed her nether lips with her fingers.&nbsp; Julia sighed, sinking deeper and deeper into that sexually submissive state of being she had longed for secretly all her life.&nbsp; And, despite every ounce of willpower she could muster, she could not deny that she wanted more of the same.&nbsp; Whatever it took to get it, she wanted more.&nbsp; She had to have it.&nbsp; And the more she submitted her will to Madison's own will, the more Julia desired her.



"You do like what I'm doing to you.&nbsp; Don't you, Julia?&nbsp; You like me letting you look at my tuff little girl body with those sick, hungry, goat eyes of yours.&nbsp; And you like me teasing you and torturing you with my sexy legs and arms and tits and ass.&nbsp; And you like me yanking that stupid bikini right off your body.&nbsp; You like exposing your MILF body for me, all naked and hungry for whatever I want you to do.&nbsp; You like me ordering you around just like you were the little girl and I was the big girl.&nbsp; You love taking orders from a mean young schoolgirl like me; it makes your pussy soppy wet.&nbsp; You like me grabbing at your bad old pussy with my little fingers and playing with it just as if you were my cute little pull toy or something.&nbsp; You want me to grab your tits, too, and squeeze them hard with my little fingers till they hurt.&nbsp; Don't you, slut girl?&nbsp; You're all mine now, and you know it!&nbsp; You'll do anything I say, won't you, slut?"



Julia was now standing up in the pool beside the brazen fourteen year old, but she was doing absolutely nothing to make Madison take her hand away from her pussy.&nbsp; She knew with every fiber of her soul that she should be making this stop right here and now.&nbsp; She knew that there would be hell to pay if she didn't make this stop.&nbsp; But she couldn't do a damn thing but give in to her sick hunger to allow Madison do whatever she wanted to do to her, and, not only to allow it, but to beg for it.&nbsp; 



Madison let out a coarse little laugh, reached out her small, clutching hands, and began pulling the older woman around the pool by her pendent breasts.&nbsp; 



"Come on, Julia, you little pull toy slut.&nbsp; Let's get out of the pool now and then we'll have some real fun."



Docilely, hungrily, breathing heavily, Julia let herself be led out of the pool and onto the paved verge beside it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Docilely, and even more hungrily, the older woman allowed herself to be pushed down by the young schoolgirl onto the pavement until she was resting on her hands and knees.&nbsp; Then Madison grabbed a hank of Julia's hair and pulled the older woman upright so she was kneeling beside the pool, rocked back on her heels with her arms by her sides and therefore totally vulnerable.&nbsp; Madison leaned over her eager and now totally naked MILF sex toy and inspected the older woman's gaping slit.&nbsp; "You have a nice pussy for a dirty little pedo teacher slut. It even looks like you shaved it for me."



Julia blushed all over at Madison's offhand comment about something so intimate.&nbsp; 



"That's a good girl, Julia, you dirty little pedo teacher slut, you.&nbsp; I want you to keep your cunt shaved all the time for me from now on.&nbsp; I want to be able to play with those puffy cunt lips of yours, and... Oh my God, your clit is so tiny I can hardly find it."



Julia was mortified. She had always had large pussy lips, but based on her very limited experience with looking at other girls' and women's pussies, she knew that she had a much tinier clit than most women.&nbsp; Her labia puffed out, pushing against the tight fabric of her panties, and that fact had always embarrassed her ever since she was a little girl.&nbsp; Her mother had criticized her all the time for the way her vaginal lips pooched out, telling the girl again and again that fat pussy lips meant she would grow up to be nothing but a perverted slut.&nbsp; After reaching puberty, Julia noted her outer lips were especially prominent when they were shaved. She was so embarrassed by the way her pussy puffed out that she never wore pants or shorts except at home.&nbsp; She had always felt her pussy was embarrassingly unattractive, and her hateful mother had even gone so far as to check into the possibilities of cosmetic surgery to get her labia reduced.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it had all sounded too painful to Julia, and she had begged her mother not to go through with it.&nbsp; Julia's mother finally&nbsp; and grudgingly relented after several days of Julia's non-stop begging.&nbsp; But Julia's mother never let the girl forget what she knew what it would mean for her to have fat, unattractive labia.&nbsp;&nbsp; Julia's nether lips continued to grow as she got older and went to college, probably because Julia had liked to pinch them and play with them whenever she jilled off. When she did that to her vaginal lips, it made her feel especially dirty and humiliated, and she was always careful not to let the other girls see her pussy lips because of that.&nbsp; But secretly, Julia came to like the dirty way it made her feel.&nbsp; Maybe she wasn't anything but a slut after all.&nbsp; 



And because her clit was so small and sensitive, she had to give it special attention whenever she played with her pussy.&nbsp; That kind of special attention had only made her miniature nubbin of a clit ever the more sensitive.



And if Madison liked the way her pussy looked, that was all that mattered.



Julia's rambling and embarrassing memories of her girlhood were abruptly cut short by Madison's excited voice.&nbsp; "Holy shit, your clittie button is so teenie, Julia. I've never seen anything like it. Spread your legs for me more, little teacher girl, and let me take a closer look. Yeah, that's my subbie little slut girl.&nbsp; Wow! It really is tiny.&nbsp; Now I want you to use your slutty little fingers to pull those fat pussy lips of yours apart so I can get at that teeny clit.&nbsp; Fuck, Julia.&nbsp; You've got to be horny as hell to let me watch you while I make you do the nasty." Madison reached down and stroked Julia's miniature clit, tickling it devilishly with her sharp fingernail, before tracing the woman's puffy nether lips and examining her gaping slit.&nbsp; The way Julia's vagina twitched when Madison's fingernail touched her clit made the young girl giggle at her new sex toy's sensitivity. Julia felt her belly quiver as the young girl's tormenting little fingers sent shivers up and down her spine. A small moan escaped her parched lips.



"Oooh, you like that, don't you, teacher dear.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll bet you're soaking wet too. Let's see.&nbsp; I'm right!&nbsp; You know something, you pathetic little bitch, you are nothing but a horny little subbie slut. But you can just stay horny for a while longer you dirty piggie girl 'cause I'm not going to play with your pussy any more right now.&nbsp; You have to work to get any rewards, my little piggy slut.&nbsp; And what I want right now is to make you start playing with yourself for me.&nbsp; Get yourself all hot and bothered, slut face.&nbsp; And you better get me hot watching you, too, or I won't ever let you lick my sweet little pussy pie, and I can tell how much you want to."



Julia couldn't believe she was actually doing what Madison had ordered her, but the poor woman hadn't come in a week, and she wanted to cum in the worst way imaginable. And, while having Madison comment on her oversized lips and tiny clit was humiliating, it had also turned Julia on horribly. She began pinching her miniature clit between her thumbnail and index finger, rolling it back and forth. She ran her index finger along her slit to lubricate it, and then continued to roll and pinch her clit. She closed her eyes as she found herself getting more turned on and her breathing got heavier. She felt Madison's fingers tracing around her breasts, then the girl's fingernail lightly flicking back and forth across her hard nipples. She let out a sex hungry moan because of the burning sensations she and her fourteen-year-old owner were giving her. 



Soon she could feel herself getting close to the orgasm she had yearned for so long, and she began rubbing her clit furiously. She could sense she was getting very, very close. Her thighs tensed, and she could feel her butt cheeks clench and unclench rapidly as she was about to cum.



"STOP!" Madison commanded her sharply as she reached down and pushed Julia's quivering hand away from her soppy pussy, before grabbing her new slave's engorged clit. The young vixen pinched it so hard that Julia let out a loud squeal. "No cumming without permission you dirty old slut. You must beg me and beg me before I'll let you cum.&nbsp;&nbsp; I really like playing denial games with grown up women just like you, Julia, so I'll just pinch your clit any time I want to stop you from cumming. I'm not going to let you cum for a while so just get used to that fact." Madison continued to pinch and twist Julia's clit as the older woman writhed around and moaned in pain and frustration.



"Please let me cum, Madison. I haven't cum in days, please, please let me cum.&nbsp; Pleeeeeeeeease!" 



"I'll have to admit that's pretty decent begging, you horny MILF slut.&nbsp; But you are nowhere near earning a cum from me yet. First, I think you need to please me before I even think about letting you cum."



Julia was so frustrated. She had been so close, and now her clit felt like bees were stinging it over and over.&nbsp; It throbbed from Madison's cruel abuse as well as her unfulfilled arousal.&nbsp; Even after the young girl let it go, the older woman's clit throbbed and burned.&nbsp;&nbsp; Seeing the pain and hurt in Julia's eyes, Madison ran her fingers through the older woman's hair.



"That's my good slut. I like it when I make you suffer.&nbsp; Now, are you gonna be my pussy-girl from now on?" Madison giggled at her. "Are you going to lick my yummy little girl pussy and make me cum any time I want?"



"Yes," Julia answered breathlessly, looking longingly at the young girl's puffy little lips pressing her swimsuit gusset.



"Yes, what, slut?"



"Yes, I am your... your pussy-girl, and I'm going to lick you until you cum from now on any time you say."



Julia stared longingly at the front of Madison's swimsuit bottom.&nbsp; Her face was less than inches away from the young girl's pussy. Madison glared down at the trembling older woman.&nbsp; Then she smiled sweetly, unceremoniously pushed her bikini bottoms off her hips and down her smooth legs and then she stepped gracefully out of them.&nbsp; Then she undid her top and threw it into the pool.&nbsp; Julia knew for certain now that the girl was completely naked, but she was suddenly deathly afraid to look up at her, for all her tormented mind screaming for her to do just that.&nbsp; She had waited so long; so long.&nbsp; But now, she was afraid.



Madison's next command tore the older woman's mind away from her fear.



"Get closer, slut. I want you to smell me."



Julia slowly raised her head so that her nose was pressed against Madison's soft, lightly trimmed crotch.&nbsp; She inhaled deeply hoping for the bliss that comes from sniffing the pussy of a naked young girl, but Madison's scent was so weak Julia could barely sense it.&nbsp; The older woman whined softly and totally unselfconsciously in frustration at being deprived of what she craved so much .&nbsp; Madison just smiled and said, "it's okay, Julia.&nbsp; It's just because we've been swimming that you can't smell me much.&nbsp; But after I fuck you, I'll get all wet and squishy and you'll be able to smell me as much as you want...and taste me, too."



Then Madison squatted beside the older woman and began stroking her flank with one hand, much as a horse trainer does to calm a skittish colt.&nbsp; The other hand continued to take whatever it wanted from the older woman's sopping vagina

.

"It's going to be alright from now on, Julia.&nbsp; It really is.&nbsp; It'll hurt a little bit this first time I fuck your pussy 'cause I'm going to use the biggest dildo on you I own, but then you'll get to really liking it.&nbsp; And afterwards, I'll let you lick my sweet little pussy as much as you want to and suck out every last yummy drop, 'cause I know that's what you have been wanting all year long.&nbsp; Oh, and by the way, you're just going to love the taste of your own drippy twat on the tip of my strap on.&nbsp; You know, I brought it along with me 'cause I was so sure you'd beg me to fuck you with it."&nbsp; Madison's words and the sense of the young girl's power those words conveyed were intoxicating to the older woman.&nbsp; Julia shivered in anticipation as she felt Madison's fingers place the gusset of her bikini bottoms right over the older woman's face.&nbsp; 



"Go on and smell me now, Julia, while I get my strap on all set for you.&nbsp; Let's see if you have made me hot enough to get wet for you."



Julia inhaled, and this time she was treated to the sweet tangy musk of a sexually excited young girl that now permeated Madison's pussy, and her former teacher's head swam with lust hunger.&nbsp; She could hear Madison opening her overnight bag and pulling something out of it.&nbsp; However the older woman was content to keep her eyes tightly closed, continue sniffing, and waiting patiently and hopefully for what was to come.



But then Julia's ravenous hunger to be dominated totally by this young girl suddenly took over, and the older woman began to whimper and whine like a bitch in heat.&nbsp; Madison tormented her new MILF toy by making her wait for what was coming to the point that Julia was almost beside herself.&nbsp; Madison giggled and stepped away from the older woman so she could have plenty of room to affix the strap on to her hips and crotch.



When Julia finally felt the tip of the young girl's smooth plastic phallus against her gaping wet pussy, she knew that her hungry body had made an irrevocable compact with Madison and that this was just where she belonged from now on; head bowed, naked, submissive, awaiting whatever young Madison's pleasure might be.



"Hey Julia.&nbsp; I brought along some of my favorite toys, and we will have all weekend to try them out. Won't that be fun?"



Julia just nodded her head meekly.&nbsp; She would get used to the fact that whatever nasty, sick thing Madison wanted to do to her was "fun."&nbsp; As Madison began the ritual that would seal their relationship from then on, Julia could smell her own sex scent, and it was stronger than she had ever known it. She had to cum right now!&nbsp; She just had to!



"Please, Madison. Don't keep me waiting any more.&nbsp; I really have got to cum!"



Madison just slapped the older woman's butt.&nbsp; "Bad girl.&nbsp; You don't get to pick what we do.&nbsp; I do.&nbsp; And I want to play with you some more before I let you cum."



Despite her gnawing hunger for sexual release, Julia meekly retreated into herself, lowering her head in a sure sign of submission.&nbsp; She knew that she had come much too far to turn back now.&nbsp; She would just have to let herself be submissively led by her new young schoolgirl owner anywhere the girl wanted to take her.



Satisfied that she had finally made her point, Madison took her first deep thrust. Julia cried out in gnawing pain at the size of the instrument Madison was using on her, but then she soon melted into a nice warm glow of pain/pleasure.&nbsp; The older woman turned her head and looked adoringly back over her naked shoulder, and her hungry eyes were filled with absolute&nbsp; loving devotion for her young teen mistress.



"I know, Julia," Madison giggled as she reached under the older woman and took hold of one of her pendant breasts.&nbsp; "Mommy looked at me the exact same way when I fucked her the first time.&nbsp; It was so funny.&nbsp; I made her buy the strap on with this nice, big dildo attached to it for me at the kinky store down town, and I made sure the dirty old man who sold it to her knew exactly what I was going to do with it.&nbsp; Mommy lets me fuck her with it really good.&nbsp; She licks and licks me till I'm almost ready to cum, then she begs me to fuck her.&nbsp; She begs for it almost every night.&nbsp;&nbsp; She knows I like to hear her beg for it.&nbsp; She is such a good little subbie slut girl.&nbsp; Maybe you can learn to be just like her."



Hot tears of humiliation and jealousy began to roll down Julia's flushed cheeks as the young schoolgirl continued to fuck her.&nbsp; So what if she was not Madison's first conquest.&nbsp; So what!&nbsp;&nbsp; Madison still loved her.&nbsp; That she wasn't the first didn't really matter at all.&nbsp; Madison was fucking HER right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; That proved she loved her.&nbsp; And that's all that mattered.&nbsp; So what if Madison was dominating her own mother sexually.&nbsp; So what!&nbsp; Julia could be a much more submissive slut than Madison's mother, a much more loving slut, a much more devoted slut.&nbsp; She just knew she could.&nbsp; Madison might prefer her own mother's submissiveness right now.&nbsp; There WAS something especially sick about that, Julia had to admit.&nbsp; But Madison's preferences for her mother as a sex toy were only because Julia hadn't had enough time to learn what Madison really liked from her subbie sluts.&nbsp; But maybe, if Julia was a real good girl, she could prove that she was a better sex slave than Madison's mother had ever thought about being.&nbsp; Just maybe.



Madison saw the gleam of jealousy in Julia's eyes at the mention of her mother, and decided to use that fact to her own wicked purposes.



"Hey, Julia.&nbsp; Maybe I'll make you lick Mommy's pussy off my plastic dick as a nice little reward if you're a real good girl for me and just let me do what I want with you.&nbsp; Or maybe I'll fuck you while I make you eat Mommy's cunt out.&nbsp; She might like that, and I'll think it's a bunch of fun."&nbsp; 



Julia shivered all over.&nbsp; She was lost forever inside Madison's sick world and she knew it.&nbsp; God! She was actually going to have to compete with Madison's own mother for first place in the fourteen year old's heart as well as her carnal kennel.&nbsp; But she didn't care any more.&nbsp; She felt Madison begin to thrust deep inside her and she cried out in ecstasy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her lover was fucking her, just like in her fantasy daydreams.&nbsp; Madison was fucking her.



As she watched Julia's transformation into her willing sex toy, Madison shook her head in wonderment and giggled.



"I just can't wait to try out all the nasty ideas I have for you two.&nbsp; As a matter of fact, as soon as I get finished fucking you and letting you clean my plastic dick off, I think I'll call home and get Mommy's fat ass right over here.&nbsp; You know she didn't really want to call you with that made up story about Cleveland and all.&nbsp; But what choice did she have?"



As she increased the rhythm of her thrusts into the older woman's soppy pussy, Madison began to laugh out loud in purest joy over her conquest.&nbsp; As Julia got closer and closer to orgasm, Madison leaned forward so that her lips touched the older woman's ear.&nbsp; 



"What would you do if I don't make you cum right now, you dirty little girl? Will you plead and beg me to make you cum? Will you break down and cry?&nbsp;&nbsp; Will you tell me over and over again just how much you love me.&nbsp; Will you beg me to put this fat dildo of mine up your tight little ass hole, and then between those sweet teacher lips of yours?&nbsp; Will you?&nbsp; Even if I don't make you cum right now, you'll still beg me to make you cum later, won't you?&nbsp; You'll promise to do anything I want if I'll just make you cum.&nbsp; But since I know you're going to be such a good girl for me from now on anyway, I'm going to stop fucking you now before you can even get the chance to cum."



And when Madison stopped fucking her Julia did plead, and beg, and cry.&nbsp; She needed to cum soooooo badly.&nbsp; She promised the young girl over and over that she would be a very good girl for her from now on, and that she would do whatever Madison said.&nbsp; Madison said she knew all that, but she didn't want to make Julia cum right then, and that the older woman had just better accept that fact.



What choice did Julia have?



Then Madison got a really evil idea.



"Do you really, really need me to fuck you teacher dear?" cooed the young girl.



Julia replied by begging and begging and begging Madison to put the hard strap on dildo back inside of her.&nbsp; She swore eternal love, and devotion, and obedience from then on.&nbsp; Madison slid in behind her naked former teacher and&nbsp; began to fuck her once again.



As the young girl pressed the strap on dildo deep into her former teacher's soaking pussy she leaned forward and whispered something into Julia's ear.&nbsp; The older woman vigorously shook her head 'no', but Madison would not be denied.&nbsp; 



"Say it out loud, slut, or I'll stop fucking you."



Julia once more shook her head 'no', but this time less vigorously.



"Say it!" Madison growled as she stopped pistoning her slim hips.



Julia began to cry, but she sobbed out Madison's words as loud as she could.



"My lights are on, but I'm not home.

My mind is not my own.

My heart sweats, my body shakes.

Another kiss is all it takes



I can't sleep, I can't eat.

There's no doubt, I'm in deep.

My throat is tight, I can't breathe.

Another kiss is all you'll need.

Might as well face it, I'm addicted to Madison."



The young girl giggled as she started dildo fucking Julia once more in earnest.



"Say the rest of it you worthless teacher slut."



Julia sobbed out the rest of what Madison had whispered into her ear.&nbsp; And as the young girl continued to fuck her, her former teacher began to internalize the words, and began to believe them.



"I see the signs, but I can't read.

I'm running at a different speed.

My heart beats in double time.

Another kiss and I'll be yours.



My lights are on, but I'm not home.

My will is not my own.

My heart sweats, my teeth grind.

Another kiss and I'll be yours.



A one-track mind; I can't be saved.

Oblivion is all I crave.



I know I'm gonna have to face it, I'm addicted to Madison."



As she finished her lewd recitation, Julia could feel the first stirrings of an impending orgasm building deep within her racked body.&nbsp; But Madison sensed her former teacher's incipient relief and suddenly pulled all the way out of her.&nbsp; Julia cried out and rolled into a fetal ball of purest frustrated agony.&nbsp;&nbsp; As she watched the&nbsp; delicious outcome of her sudden exit from Julia's pussy,&nbsp; Madison removed the strap on and sat herself down on the edge of one of Julia's sun chairs and waited for the older woman to come to herself.&nbsp; Once she was sure that Julia was calm enough to look at her Madison spread her legs so that Julia could see just how wet fucking her had made the young girl.



"What a good little lover girl you are, Julia.&nbsp; Now, because I love you, and because I want to give you a reward for being such a good girl, I want you to come over here to me and clean me up, you little piggy pedo slut.&nbsp; You know you've been wanting to do that for almost a year."



Despite all the torment and hunger that gnawed at the older woman because of Madison's perverse treatment of her, the blissful fact that the girl was finally willing to say out loud that she loved her and to prove it by allowing the older woman to taste her young pussy drove all thoughts of her own release out of Julia's mind.&nbsp; 



She was really going to get what she had craved all year long, finally.&nbsp; Madison was going to let her taste what she had hungered for.&nbsp; Julia didn't have to fight those deviant urges any more.&nbsp; She didn't have to pretend she didn't want to worship this girl's pussy, and that she had wanted to do just that from the beginning.&nbsp; Julia could see clearly that Madison's pussy lips were sodden with little girl sex moisture, and the older woman could smell the girl's sweet young pussy from five feet away.&nbsp; Julia eagerly crawled toward Madison's twat like a parched woman in the desert crawls toward a pool of cool water.&nbsp; Madison sighed contentedly watching this grown woman, who only two weeks before had been successfully teaching young girls science in middle school, crawl naked and submissive over to her pussy like a bad dog begging her mistress for forgiveness.&nbsp; 



"You dirty little bitch.&nbsp; You want to lick my little girl twat so bad you can't stand it, don't you?&nbsp; You can't wait to taste it, can you?"&nbsp; Julia didn't bother to answer.&nbsp; She just stuck her face right between the fourteen year old's spread legs and licked and licked and licked.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"I want you to eat my pussy all up, slut.&nbsp; I mean I want you licking my sweet young girl slit until I cum all over your nasty pedo face.&nbsp; God, what a worthless hypocrite you are, Julia, you little piggy pervert. You make your living teaching little girls just like me, and then here you are just begging me to let you lick my sweet little pussy for me." 



Julia heard Madison's cruel indictment, and she cried and cried.



Madison smirked down at her grown up sex toy.&nbsp; "You better stop crying, and get your face in my pussy, you bad girl.&nbsp; And after you lick me all up and make me cum, maybe I'll stick my tasty swimsuit bottoms deep inside your hungry slut mouth so you can keep on tasting how good I am.&nbsp; Won't that be wonderful, bitch?"



Julia pressed her face between the young girl's smooth thighs and just kept right on licking.&nbsp; She didn't care what Madison planned to do with her.&nbsp; She didn't care about losing her job, or her house, or anything else in this whole wide world.&nbsp; She would accept anything that this young girl made her do so long as Madison let her keep on licking, and licking, and licking the pussy of the girl she loved so desperately.



"You really have fallen for my cute little twat, haven't you, teacher dear?&nbsp; Well, you are certainly not the first grown up teacher to do that, are you?&nbsp; Do you happen to remember a Mrs. Angela Miers?&nbsp; I sure bet you do.&nbsp; You know that she used to teach at Hayes Middle School with you.&nbsp; She was the very first grown up woman to fall for my delicious little pussy when I was in seventh grade.&nbsp; Toward the last, she would beg me to let her take me into the faculty women's rest room long after everyone had left and then she would strip down to her bra and panties and crawl over to me like the worthless, sick, pedo slut she was and lick me, and lick me, and lick me.&nbsp; She was the woman who gave me my first little orgasm.&nbsp; She would do anything to please me, anything at all.&nbsp; But then she got caught doing something to me that the policeman who found us didn't think she should have done.&nbsp; They let me go of course because I started crying and telling them she had made me let her do it.&nbsp; But they took her to jail, and she is now in prison."



"Well, she called me from prison late one night right after school was out last year; she just can't seem to get me out of her mind. She mentioned your name in passing and something about your being the one who tipped off the police that she had the hots for young girls.&nbsp; There was something about your seeing her at the mall doing inappropriate things with a young girl.&nbsp; There was something about you seeing her tongue kissing a little girl in the ladies' room or something like that.&nbsp; That little tip of yours got the police to watching her, and that's how they caught her licking my little puss."



"She also told me how much she hated you, and she was so funny about it when I told her I actually knew you.&nbsp; Then she put a yummy little idea into my head.&nbsp; She said if I could turn you into my little subbie bitch slut, maybe I could make you do whatever it took to get her out early.&nbsp; Maybe you could go to the police and tell them it was all a bad mistake and that they should let her go free.&nbsp; She said if I did that for her, she would promise to do whatever I told her from now on.&nbsp; Because I had already gotten Mommy to be my subbie bitch by then, I wasn't really interested in Angela's nasty little suggestion.&nbsp; But the more I thought about it, the more it sounded like a really yummy idea to have three grown up women who I could play with at one time and make play with each other while I watched.&nbsp; So, here we are, Julia.&nbsp; Starting next Monday, you are going to do whatever it takes to get Mrs. Miers out of prison for me, aren't you, slut girl?&nbsp; Don't you love me enough to do that for me?&nbsp; I'm going to just love making you two grown up women do the wild thing in front of me.&nbsp; She'll be so happy to get her claws into you, and I'll watch every delicious minute of it."



Julia began to cry and cry.&nbsp; Madison, of course, paid her no attention at all, but just kept talking in that slightly-bored, self-absorbed young girl voice of hers.



"You know, Julia, that I don't plan on showing you any pity while I'm using you and abusing you from now on.&nbsp; I'm just going to have so much sick fun with you, teacher dear.&nbsp; Before I'm through with you, you'll be nothing more than a sobbing mass of pain and humiliation.&nbsp; I'm going to hurt and humiliate you in ways you can't even begin to imagine.&nbsp; I'll kick you so hard between your legs you won't be able to walk.&nbsp; I'll keep hitting you in the tummy until you vomit all over yourself. I'll pinch your fat nipples till you squeal like a pig and scream like the devil was after you, and you'll beg me to stop, but I won't stop, ever.&nbsp; I'll spank your fat ass till you won't be able to sit down for a week.&nbsp; I'll bite your tits so hard they'll bleed and I'll lick the blood up.&nbsp; I'll slap your fat udders around just to hear you scream, and I'll tie them up so tight with bungee cords they'll turn dark purple.&nbsp; I'll make you lick my Mommy's cunt whenever she's on her period.&nbsp;&nbsp; She'll like that so much!&nbsp; I'll get this woman I know to cut that little hood right off your ittie bittie clittie button so it will be exposed all the time to whatever I might have in mind for it.&nbsp; I'll beat you black and blue with that pointer you use at school.&nbsp; I'll make you go teach wearing adult diapers and you'll have to piss in them and walk around like that all day long.&nbsp; I'll even make you lick my own drippy little slit during my monthlies 'cause having a subbie grown up woman like you lick me then always makes the cramps go away."



Julia just kept on crying.&nbsp; She could not stop.



"And I'm going to make you look up other pedo women in town on the sex offender registry, especially the ones that get caught playing with little girls like me.&nbsp; And then you'll bring them home so they can lick my slicky little twat for me just like you are doing right now.&nbsp; Then I'll make you lick them out and maybe even drink their yummy hot piss and beg them to do whatever they want to you.&nbsp; Then I'll encourage them do anything their nasty pedo brains can think of to you and you'll just beg me and beg me to let them do even more to prove how much you are addicted to me.&nbsp; I've got such delicious plans for you, you worthless slut."



As she heard Madison's lust induced ravings, Julia became ever and ever more terrified.&nbsp; But her stark terror faded to nothingness as if a light switch had been thrown when she smelled the little girl arousal emanating from the fourteen year old's wet, hot pussy and tasted her delicious young nectar.&nbsp; There was no more room left in Julia's brain for fear.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was no more room left for right or wrong.&nbsp; There was only Madison's sweet young pussy, and it was right in front of her.&nbsp; There was only Julia's slavish love of this young girl and her willingness to satisfy her in any Madison desired.&nbsp; 



As Julia continued servicing her fourteen year old domme, the young girl grabbed Julia by the hair and yanked the woman's face hard into her pussy. Using both hands, Madison ground Julia's tear streaked face into her pussy hard enough to hurt.&nbsp; Madison rubbed Julia's nose up and down repeatedly against her soppy puffy lips as she masturbated herself using nothing but the older woman's face.&nbsp; All this just made Julia lick and lap harder, and that only made Madison rub herself faster against her new femme toy's face. Madison had started out just wanting to force the woman to lick her out.&nbsp; But she now found herself enjoying the sensual power she had to torment Julia by using her face as a fleshy frigger.&nbsp; She yanked the older woman's face up and down, using her tender ears as handles. 



Madison decided that a little subterfuge was now in order to keep her new sex toy Julia compliant.&nbsp; The young girl reached down and patted the older woman on the head and whispered, "That's my good little lover girl.&nbsp; Keep that up and I'll just love you to death."



Hearing those so hoped for words coming out of Madison's mouth, Julia began an almost frenzied licking and tonguing of the young girl's nether parts.&nbsp; Julia wriggled as she set about her salacious worship.&nbsp; Madison had given her the key to unlock her love for the older woman, and Julia would do everything in her power to satisfy the young girl's carnal desires from now on.



Now Madison was getting close and she began to hump her crotch hard against Julia's sticky face.&nbsp; The young girl's secretions coated her former teacher's eyelids, nose and lips.&nbsp; As for Julia, she was swirling around and around in a fantasy world of pain-pleasure hell.&nbsp; Her nose and lips were nearly rubbed raw.&nbsp; Her face was gluey from the girl's hot secretions.&nbsp; Her brain was in a dreamlike spin as her face slid up and down over her new teen fem domme owner's gaping slit. 



Then, in one shuddering climax, Madison came and came hard.&nbsp; The young girl screamed out her lust, then savagely pushed Julia's face as far into her slit and as hard as she could. She held Julia there until it became apparent even to the lust soaked young girl that the older woman was having trouble breathing. With one final hump of her hips Madison shoved the abused, beaten older woman onto the ground and sat back breathing heavily. 



"And that was just Round One, you worthless lover girl slut," Madison giggled.&nbsp; "You didn't even stick your tongue that far inside me, and I still came.&nbsp; That's even better than my Mommy can do."



Julia just lay on the ground where Madison had pushed her and cried as hard as she could.&nbsp; What had she done?&nbsp; What would she be forced to do to satisfy this cruel young girl in the name of love?&nbsp; Did Madison really love her, or was she just using her?&nbsp; Was this a dream come true or a nightmare?



As Julia sat totally defeated; slumped on the ground.&nbsp; She cried to herself softly, Madison leaned over and nonchalantly extracted three clothes-pins from her overnight bag.&nbsp; Then the young girl began to move her tiny hands over the older woman's naked and vulnerable body.&nbsp; She eventually found Julia's greedy, wet pussy and rubbed and rolled the older woman's tiny clit between her fingers, making Julia's hips gyrate spasmodically, and causing her to breathe hard and whimper like a bitch in heat.&nbsp; Madison grabbed the submissive MILF's puffy left labia, pulled it away from her body as far as she could, and snapped one of the cruel clothespins on the meaty lip.&nbsp; Julia screamed instinctively, then realized it didn't hurt as much as she had been afraid it would.&nbsp; Actually, it felt rather exotic hanging there. Madison went back to rubbing her love-starved toy's clit for a while, and then allowed another pin to bite Julia's right vaginal lip. The young girl then began to pinch and pull on Julia's tiny clit roughly, even twisting it a few times. Julia moaned loudly as this rough treatment brought her ever closer to orgasm. Finally Madison pulled the older woman's clit as hard as she could,&nbsp; stretching it painfully, and used the third clothespin to pinch the base. Julia cried out in stark agony and gasped at the burning sensation. It definitely was not comfortable, but it was still bearable. Mostly it just made Julia even more aware of her swollen clit than she had been in a long time. 



"That looks just lovely, lover girl" Madison laughed and then flicked the clothespin holding Julia's clit, eliciting a loud squeal from the submissive love starved MILF. "Now that we have you all fixed up, I think it's time for you to eat me out again." Madison stood up, revealing her stunning young girl body. Julia had already seen her long, tan legs, but she could not help staring at the young girl's stomach with its little paunch of puppy fat and its cunning belly button, and her pert breasts sitting high and firm. Madison's young tits looked simply amazing, and Julia found she couldn't take her eyes off them. Madison mocked her openly. 



So you like your lover girl's cute little boobies, do you, you disgusting pedo slut ?" Madison teased her.



"Yes," came the whispered response after a long pause.



"Do you want to suck on them like the worthless pig you are?"



"Yes," a little more quickly this time.



"Worship them?"



"Yes," Julia's voice was barely audible.



"Well maybe if you are a really good slut slave lover girl I might let you worship them later on tonight. But right now, you haven't even earned the right to do that, you worthless slut.&nbsp; But I'm a generous little girl because I know how much you love me, so I'll let you keep staring at them."



Madison sat down by the edge of the pool, her slender girlish legs spread wide. All she had to do was give Julia a beckoning smile, and the older woman kneeled in front of her and began licking the young girl's slit. Julia was horrified to think what would happen if anyone opened her high pool gate and looked inside. It was unlikely anyone would do that, but if they walked up to the gate and peered in they would see her naked butt sticking up, and the back of her head buried in Madison's young crotch. It was so humiliating, and at the same time so wantonly delicious. 



Madison seemed to be in no hurry this evening, and Julia licked and sucked on her tight, girlish pussy for what seemed like half an hour.&nbsp; She wanted more than anything to prove how much she loved the young girl so she tried every trick she could think of to get the fourteen year old off, but nothing she did would hurry Madison along.&nbsp; Julia would reach one furtive hand down her own body from time to time to play with the clothespins hanging from her sex, but she had to stop that for fear of making herself cum.&nbsp; Finally Madison grabbed the back of Julia's head and began steering her around, telling her what to do.



"Oh yeah, suck my sweet pussy you dirty. submissive little MILF slut. You are such a worthless slut, aren't you. Ohhh, yeah lick me right there, you dirty pedo pussy licker.&nbsp; Stick your tongue way inside of me.&nbsp; That's right.&nbsp; Tongue fuck me you useless MILF bitch." Julia began licking Madison's tiny, elusive clit for everything she was worth. Soon Madison climaxed, long and hard.&nbsp; Finally the young girl pushed Julia's head away from her crotch as she came down from her sex high. Julia stuck her hand in the pool and wiped the girl's love juices from her face with her wet hand as she waited for Madison to recover.



When the young girl finally came to herself, she looked over to where Julia was lying naked and vulnerable on the ground beside the pool.



"I really like the way you look, you dirty little pedo pussy licking teacher dear, all naked and vulnerable for me," Madison laughed cruelly.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"You must love me like crazy to humiliate yourself in front of me like that.&nbsp; And perhaps I'm beginning to love you, too; maybe just a little."



Julia wriggled at the young girl's words of praise, but her bliss was short lived as Madison began the next round of her former teacher's descent into depravity.



"Spread your legs wider, you worthless whore. Great, now just stay that way."&nbsp; 



Then Madison made Julia start playing with her tiny clit again, harshly warning her not to cum.&nbsp; By the time Madison began to tire of watching her MILF sex toy perform for her like a well-trained bitch doggie, Julia was almost delirious from the burning sensations throbbing through her pussy. 



"Slow down, slut. God your cunt is just soaking wet. Let's get these little nippers off of you." Not very gently, Madison pulled the three clothespins off of Julia's tender pussy. Julia let out a loud squeal as the last one came off of her clit. "Holy fuck, I think your little clitty button is even tinier than it was before," Madison flicked a finger back and forth across Julia's clit, causing the older woman's body to spasm violently. Julia had a brief hope that Madison would make her orgasm right there, but as Julia's ass cheeks tightened and she lifted her hips, Madison suddenly stopped.&nbsp; Julia began to whine in hungry frustration at being deprived of her orgasm.



"What's the matter, slut?&nbsp; Didn't you get enough stimulation from my little clothespins nipping on your worthless cunt?&nbsp; Do you want more?"



Julia nodded vigorously and pleaded for more, and Madison obliged by making Julia play with her pussy again , but the older woman now harbored no illusions that her fourteen year old fem domme was going to allow her the release she hungered for so much any time soon.&nbsp; The young girl saw Julia's desperation and gave the older woman an evil little smirk of satisfaction.&nbsp; The grin on Madison's face was absolutely terrifying. As Julia continued to stroke and probe her pussy, Madison tweaked Julia's miniature clit a few times.&nbsp; Then, tiring of this form of torment, Madison told Julia to stand up with her legs spread and her hands on top of her head. As Julia complied, Madison stood with her face close to Julia's. 



"Let's check out that slutty wet pussy of yours, again." Madison said cruelly as she ran her fingers silkily over the older woman's vulva.



"You better remember from now on that this tiny clit of yours belongs to me now, lover girl" Madison pinched the older woman's clit and wiggled it back and forth.&nbsp; The girl's other hand slipped around Julia's naked hip and began fondling the older woman's butt cheek.



"You know for an old slut, you've got a nice, fat ass," Madison whispered her new sex toy's ear before slapping her butt and making Julia jump.&nbsp; The fingers of Madison's other hand stayed tight on Julia's clit, making the frustrated older woman moan as her clit stretched and bounced as the young girl continued to smack her butt. 



"Those fat pussy lips of yours are so huge, lover girl.&nbsp; I bet I could see them from all the way back across the pool.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I just love your floppy, fat tits too, and I really want to hear you squeal when I spank them.&nbsp; And you love me enough to let me, too, don't you, lover girl?" Madison's hand that had been playing with the older woman's butt came up her tummy and squeezed Julia's full breasts firmly and pinched the tender nipples.



"I have to teach you who's boss, don't I, lover girl?"



Julia shivered in fear of the things Madison had in mind for her, then she shivered again in delirious anticipation.&nbsp; Madison was going to take over after all.&nbsp; Julia could just let go from now on and do nothing but obey her little girl lover from now on. 



The young girl abruptly broke into Julia's reverie.



"Can I spank your big floppy tits, Julia?" Madison asked playfully slapping Julia's left breast, terrifying her.&nbsp; The older woman really didn't think she'd like her tits being spanked, and any real severe punishment that Madison was likely to give her breasts was something she desperately wanted not to endure.&nbsp; But she had come to understand that, because she loved the young girl so desperately, Madison's whims were not to be denied.&nbsp; And besides, she knew she would let the girl do anything to her so long as Madison allowed the older woman to taste that sweet young pussy of hers from time to time.&nbsp; Julia's addiction to Madison's pussy would drive her to do anything the girl wanted.&nbsp; Anything.



And Madison knew it, too.



"Holy shit, you are such a total disgusting pedo slut," Madison laughed, "I can't believe you're letting me get away with the stuff I've done to you so far.&nbsp; As soon as I get through with you tonight, I'm leaving your slutty ass behind.&nbsp; Why would I even think about staying with such a worthless piece of shit as you?



Julia began to cry aloud.



"Please don't leave me, Madison.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; I'm so afraid that you will leave me now that you know what I really am.&nbsp; I'll do anything you want from now on if you'll just stay.&nbsp; Anything you desire.&nbsp; Anything.&nbsp; I love you. I need you, Madison.&nbsp; I need you so much.&nbsp; You know you are like a goddess to me.&nbsp; You know I worship the ground you walk on.&nbsp; You know I think you're much smarter than me.&nbsp; So you can tell me what to do and I'll do it from now on.&nbsp; You know I need you to take care of me and love me.&nbsp; Please, please don't go."



Madison just grinned as Julia blushed and lowered her head in shame at her confession of desperate need of the young girl. 



"Please, Madison.&nbsp; You know I love you so much.&nbsp; You know I'll do anything for you.&nbsp; Please don't humiliate me any further."



But Madison wanted to rub it in.



"Julia, you're about the dirtiest woman I've ever dommed.&nbsp; Even my Mommy is cleaner minded than you are.&nbsp; I domme her because she is weak.&nbsp; But you seem on the outside to be a strong professional woman, my used-to-be teacher, and you still let me boss you around and beg me to toy with your naked body any way I want to.&nbsp; I bet you sit around all day Saturday and Sunday thinking dirty thoughts and playing with that teenie clit of yours while you read over all the science reports your girl students turn in, and dream about all the things you'd like to do to little girls like me.&nbsp; I bet you'd do anything to get off." Madison laughed at her even harder.



Julia looked away so she wouldn't have to see the wide grin Madison had on her face. "Now Julia, I think you still owe me another orgasm for making me wait so long before you surrendered to me.&nbsp; And you better get to it.&nbsp; And just so you know, I don't love you one bit right now.&nbsp; How could anyone love a worthless pedo slut like you?"



Julia began to cry again.&nbsp; 



"Madison, it hurts me so much when you say you don't love me.&nbsp; It hurts me a lot.&nbsp; Please don't say that any more.&nbsp; I love you so much.&nbsp; You know by now I can't live without you.&nbsp; You know I'll never leave you for anyone else.&nbsp; I know I'm no good without you.&nbsp; I know that now.&nbsp; Please, please love me the way I love you.&nbsp; When you are here with me like this, I feel like a whole person.&nbsp; If you went away, I'd break into a million pieces.&nbsp; I just couldn't stand to be alone any more now that you have taken control of me."



Madison just stood there.



"Well, if you want to me to stay here with you so much, you had better get to it, bitch."



Julia nodded her head enthusiastically and Madison straddled the older woman's face, placing her damp pussy right against Julia's hungry lips.&nbsp; 



"This way I can play with these big fat boobies of yours, slut." Madison laughed as she squeezed and mauled the frightened older woman's tits.&nbsp; Of course Julia knew what was expected of her and she started to lick the young girl's smooth pussy.



"Oh, and while you're down there, you worthless pig, lick my little pucker poo clean as well," Madison said in the same matter of fact tone she would have used to ask for a glass of milk.



Julia knew that it was useless to resist as Madison scooted forward to bring her anus over the older woman's mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; The older woman had never done anything remotely like this in her whole life, but this was a new level of degradation Madison was forcing her into, and she knew she must obey to prove once and for all how much she loved her young mistress.&nbsp; She slowly poked out her tongue, and touched it lightly to the crinkled pink ring around the young girl's sphincter. Madison moaned and began to pull hard on Julia's nipples as she gyrated her hips over her lovelorn MILF sex toy's face.&nbsp; Julia kept working her tongue around the young girl's anus, but soon the increasing pressure in her nipples told her that she had better stop her teasing and go all the way. She worked her tongue into the girl's tiny rosette and began tonguing her in earnest.



"You are going to keep doing that until I gush, you pitiful little love starved teacher slut.&nbsp; By the time I get through with you, you'll be begging me to let you strip down to your bra and panties and lick my pussy in front of your whole class at school next year.&nbsp; But I won't let you 'cause that would get you fired.&nbsp; And I want you to keep teaching so you can earn enough money to buy me all the cute little things I want.&nbsp; You'll beg me to let you give me all your money from now on, and I'll be in charge of what you spend it on.&nbsp; And you can bet that most of it will be spent on me.&nbsp; And I'll reward you with a little treat after school.&nbsp; I'll let you eat me out in the teachers' lounge.&nbsp; Just like Mrs. Miers did."&nbsp; 



Julia heard Madison's salacious words and demonstrated her total acquiescence to them by re-doubling her efforts to get the young girl off with her mouth.&nbsp; Madison pressed her posteriors hard against the older woman's face and just let Julia's tongue do its delicious work.

&nbsp; 

After a while little Madison slid forward and Julia went back to lapping her teen owner's pussy. Madison would give her explicit directions on how she wanted her sweet young pussy licked, and slap Julia's pendent breasts hard if the older woman didn't comply fast enough. Sometimes the young girl slapped the older woman's tender and vulnerable breasts just for the fun of it. Julia's distended nipples soon became very sore and tender, and she hoped against hope that Madison's torture of her breasts wouldn't leave any bruises.&nbsp; The older woman could sense Madison's growing excitement as she moved back and forth from licking the girl's clit to tonguing her tiny pucker.



Given the level of lovelorn and slavish devotion Julia was bringing to her pussy licking, it wasn't long before little Madison came and came hard.&nbsp; The frenzied young girl squeezed and squeezed Julia's face between her strong young thighs as she wriggled and gurgled in the throes of her orgasm until Julia feared she might suffocate.&nbsp; As Madison finally relented and climbed off her face, Julia took a deep breath. The relief she felt at being released from the young girl's suffocating crotch was short lived because the insatiable Madison almost immediately reached out her tormenting little hand, grasped the older woman's tiny clit between thumb and forefinger, and tugged as hard as she could.&nbsp; Julia squealed, racked by nearly overwhelming pleasure/pain.&nbsp; And, as humiliating as it was for her, Julia could not prevent her own hand from drifting down to her crotch.&nbsp; She began stroking her sopping wet pussy while she made little grunts of growing passion deep in her throat.&nbsp; Little Madison giggled as she noted how shamelessly her former teacher was masturbating in front of her.&nbsp; The young girl pinched Julia's clit between her thumb and forefinger and rolled it back and forth.&nbsp; Julia responded to this salacious treatment of her most intimate parts with little gurgles of pleasure.



"You are such a dirty little pedo slut, teacher dear," Madison chuckled as their two fluttering hands pressed savagely against each other; the smaller one tormenting the older woman's tiny clit, and Julia's own ravenous fingers driving deep inside her soppy pussy, trying so desperately to bring herself off.



"But you're MY dirty little teacher pedo slut from now on.&nbsp; Aren't you, Julia?"



"YESSSSSSS!!!!!!!" Julia screamed out that one final fatal word of surrender as she crashed full speed into an all-consuming orgasm.



There was nothing left for her to say.&nbsp; 



By the end of that fateful evening of young girl dominance and MILF submission, it was perfectly clear to Madison that Julia had become totally dependant upon the young girl both emotionally and sexually.&nbsp; And furthermore, there was no doubt in Madison's mind that the older woman would feel extremely guilty about her dependency and her inability to break free of Madison's hold upon her as her degradation progressed.&nbsp; Therefore, Madison knew she could use those feelings of guilt to debase and taunt Julia about how dependent she was, and abuse her both emotionally and physically as much as she wanted to from then on, and continue to rub her nose in her own worthlessness, making her feel even more empty and useless than she already did.&nbsp;&nbsp; Madison also knew she could force Julia to relinquish all her few remaining ties with the outside world.&nbsp; She could even make the older woman give up her teaching career just to stay at home and satisfy the younger girl's sordid sexual needs.&nbsp; She could literally ruin Julia, and her former teacher would respond to her increased thralldom by binding herself even more tightly than before to the sick whims of her young mistress.&nbsp; It might even come to the point that Madison could pimp her former teacher into a series of sordid lesbian liaisons with haughty, self-assured, rich women she had come to know at the country club who would pay handsomely to be royally serviced by some pitiful, broken spirited subbie like Julia.&nbsp;&nbsp; That though had crossed Madison's mind months ago when she had planned Julia's downfall.&nbsp; Her rich female clients had already told her how bored they had become with her mother, and had asked her to find them a new plaything.&nbsp; Julia could most certainly be made to suit their needs.&nbsp; The more Madison did to tear down Julia's self esteem, the more the older woman would come to depend upon her for every decision in her life.&nbsp; The more outrageous, sick, and scandalous things Madison forced Julia to do, the more the older woman would tolerate them, then beg for them as a demonstration of how much she loved her young mistress, and even be willing to do things even worse.&nbsp; The older woman would endure any kind of humiliation so long as she felt there was even a slim chance that Madison might finally love her as much as she loved the young girl.

And, of course, there was no chance of that at all.&nbsp; And that's what made it all so delicious.



This work is copyright (c) 2010 by Faye Duncan. You may download and retain a copy for your personal use as long as the author's byline and e-mail address and this paragraph remain on the copy. Please do not post this story to any web site without permission from the author. All other rights reserved. 

Faye Duncan can be reached at fayeduncan01@yahoo.com 














Female Teacher Addicted to a Cruel Teen Girl: Chapter Two 
By Faye Duncan
f/F Reluctant. 
Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction.&nbsp; 
None of the characters or events herein are&nbsp; 
based on real people, either living or dead.&nbsp; 
It was written for the entertainment of&nbsp; 
ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions&nbsp; 
of explicit lesbian sex with a minor. If you are not an adult, or if&nbsp; 
reading stories of a sexual nature upsets you,&nbsp; 
do not read any further! By reading further,&nbsp; 
you certify that you have accessed/requested&nbsp; 
access to this material willfully, and that&nbsp; 
you are an adult 21 years of age or older.&nbsp; 
You also certify that to your knowledge, this&nbsp; 
material does not offend the standards in&nbsp; 
your area, nor is it in violation of any of&nbsp; 
local, state, or federal law. 
Author's note: my little becka wetsy doll helped me write this.&nbsp; And you can plainly 
see I haven't stopped pilfering from others.&nbsp; But I don't think they'll mind all that much.

Thirty-seven-year-old Julia had cried her eyes out as she allowed herself to be dildo 
fucked out by her back yard pool by her fourteen year old new owner, Madison.&nbsp; In truth she 
could not tell whether her tears were of humiliation at the utterly degrading situation she had 
gotten herself into, or tears of joy at finally being able to see her sick fantasy of being 
sexually dominated by a sexy young girl come true.&nbsp; In either case, Julia and cried and cried, 
and that only made Madison wish to abuse the older woman more.&nbsp; The tears of a humiliated 
adult woman were so yummy to the girl.&nbsp; Madison could think of no greater pleasure in this 
whole wide world than to make a grown up woman like Julia cry over what was being done to 
her, and then beg for even worse.

And later, poor, pathetic Julia had cried some more as she diffidently obeyed 
Madison's salacious command and sucked her little girl owner's slime covered plastic cock 
afterwards, tasting her own sex juices on it.&nbsp; She had cum and cum so hard as Madison 
slammed her enormous dildo into the older woman's slick pussy; so much harder than she 
had ever done before.&nbsp; And it had been so lewdly thrilling to know that her own teen mistress 
was giving her those breathtaking orgasms.&nbsp; Letting her mind swirl around these salacious 
thoughts, Julia redoubled her efforts to clean Madison's strap-on dildo to prove beyond a 
shadow of a doubt how much she appreciated her new owner's gift to her.

When the fourteen year old was satisfied that her fake prick was completely clean of 
Julia's cum juices, Madison told Julia to get up from where she lay at poolside and then 
ordered the obedient older woman into her house for some more fun and games.&nbsp; Madison 
stopped just long enough to grab her overnight bag where she had dropped it by the gate to 
the pool fence.&nbsp; Then she smiled knowingly to herself as she followed her docile, naked, late 
thirties subbie into the house and down the hall right to Julia's bedroom. 

As they stopped in the hall, Madison grasped Julia's naked arm with her free hand 
and restrained her.

"You ARE going to do what I say from now on; aren't you, my obedient little grown 
up dolly face?"

Julia shuddered at the girl's impertinent question, but could not restrain herself from 
making a lurid reply.

"Grown up dollies like me don't think for themselves any more so they need to be 
told what to do by young girls like you, Madison."

Julia looked beseechingly at the naked and triumphant young Madison as the girl 
pulled her through the doorway to the older woman's bedroom, praying that the young girl 
would agree to be her complete mistress from now on.&nbsp; But before Julia could say another 
word, her young owner raised her small hand suddenly and slapped Julia across the face 
very hard.

SLAP, SLAP, SLAP, SLAP.

Julia recoiled in fear and pain as Madison shoved the naked older woman right into 
her own bedroom.

"So you want me to tell you what to do from now on.&nbsp; And that will make your fat 
pussy wet, will it, teacher dear?&nbsp; Then get over here, Julia, you pathetic cow, and lay down 
on your bed for me.&nbsp; I'm going to be especially nasty with you tonight, you useless, fat old 
bitch.&nbsp; And I know you're going to love every nasty little minute of it.&nbsp; Just like you love me.&nbsp; 
And you do love me, Julia, more than anything in this whole wide world, or you wouldn't let 
me do these nasty things to you.&nbsp; You love being bossed around by a young girl just like 
me.&nbsp; You love begging me to do whatever I want with you.&nbsp; You were SO lucky when I found 
you."

Julia blushed and hung her head in total humiliation because she knew deep in her 
soul that every word Madison had said was true.&nbsp; She was a pathetic old cow, lonely and 
unloved.&nbsp; And she HAD been so lucky when Madison found her and wanted to fulfill her 
darkest inner fantasies.

Without saying another word, Madison reached out and viciously tweaked one of 
Julia's erect nipples.&nbsp; And for her efforts, Madison received the satisfaction of hearing Julia 
squeal shrilly.&nbsp; This made the teen girl laugh out loud.&nbsp; Poor, pathetic Julia was ever so 
much fun to abuse.&nbsp; Especially because she wanted that abuse so much; needed it so much.

Madison wanted to dig her claws in little deeper before getting down to the real 
business of the evening.&nbsp; She wanted Julia to break down totally before her and shed her last 
vestiges of resistance.&nbsp; 

"Do you know just how really sick you are, Julia?&nbsp; Do you?&nbsp; Do you even know how 
you got this way?&nbsp; Do you, teacher dear?"

Julia nodded her head in utter shame.

Madison began stroking the older woman's hair in mock comfort.

"Then why don't you tell me all about it, doll face?"

Julia whimpered out a desperate plea for kindness and understanding from her new 
girl owner, but she knew deep inside her soul that her plea would not be answered.&nbsp; 

But that didn't matter any more.&nbsp; She couldn't stop loving Madison even though she 
knew that everything she told the girl about herself would be used against her later.&nbsp; She 
couldn't resist Madison's torment any more.

"I was always an outsider at school.&nbsp; I was always the most docile girl in class and I seemed 
to be picked on the most.&nbsp; The only reason I was ever invited to parties when I was younger 
was because I was the one who was made to do things for the other girls.&nbsp; When I was 
around nine or ten years old, I remember a birthday party where the girls all talked about 
having hair on their bodies down there and when I said I didn't have any yet, they asked to 
see.&nbsp; But they said it would be easier to see me if I took my panties off.&nbsp; So I took them off 
and they kept them, and wouldn't give them back to me no matter how hard I begged them.&nbsp; 
And they laughed because I didn't have any hair on my pussy.&nbsp; Then they made me dance 
around for them without any panties on, and they laughed at me some more before letting 
me go home.&nbsp; My mommy yelled at me and called me stupid for losing my panties.&nbsp; I was 
always bullied. And I was always falling for mean girl things like that."&nbsp; 

"When the rest of the girls started to develop nice, pert breasts, I developed large, pendent 
ones.&nbsp; The other girls always teased me about my big, floppy breasts.&nbsp; And even now when I 
teach, I still feel the girls looking at me like that.&nbsp; But I love it now because I know how 
worthless I am, and at least when I think they are looking at me that way I feel like I have a 
purpose in life.&nbsp; I need it now.&nbsp; Just like I need you now, Madison."

"My mommy never bought me any designer clothes or undies either, and my panties and 
trainers were just plain white cotton.&nbsp; That's why I still wear panties like that.&nbsp; And when I'm 
wearing plain white cotton panties, I can still remember having to masturbate for some of the 
young girls in school.&nbsp; My first kiss was a girl, a beautiful girl who I thought loved me; but it 
turned out she didn't.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first time I got fingered was by myself but the second time was 
that same young girl who made me let her touch me that way.&nbsp; But I found out later she was 
just playing with me.&nbsp; She said so later on after she had made me do all sorts of dirty things 
to prove how much I loved her."

I met Jill in sixth grade, and really I thought she loved me.&nbsp; Nobody had ever loved me, not 
even my mommy.&nbsp; I wanted Jill to love me so much.&nbsp; But it turns out Jill didn't love me at 
all.&nbsp; She was only playing with me.&nbsp; She really started to bully me around junior high school 
and never stopped till I went away to college.&nbsp; For instance, she thought it was so funny to 
make me go with her into her bedroom at her house, and sit on her bed naked except for an 
adult diaper, and suck on a baby bottle full of her pee, and then fill the diaper with my own 
pee.&nbsp; Jillian said if I ever told on her she would tell all the girls in my class about me and 
how sick I was and they would take me out in the woods and spank me hard for being such a 
diaper slut."

When she heard Julia's lurid confession, Madison began to laugh out loud.&nbsp; This 
was just so sick, so pitiful.&nbsp; And Madison knew that by telling her all this, Julia was giving 
her all she needed to complete her domination of the older woman. 

Without a word, Madison roughly pushed the older woman's compliant naked body 
onto the bed and arranged her until Julia lay there completely, vulnerably set and wantonly 
stretched out across her bed.&nbsp; The older woman's arms were extended high above her head 
so that her armpits were exposed and her large breasts were fully available for anything 
Madison might take into her cruel head to do to them; her pink eraser nipples erect and 
glistening from Julia's pinching.&nbsp; 

Madison unconsciously licked her lips in anticipation as she inspected her subbie's 
long, well muscled legs, which lay open to invitingly reveal her dew glistened vulva to her 
owner's lewd gaze.&nbsp; 

"Do you still love me, Julia," the young girl whispered the words into the older 
woman's ear.

"Do you still want to make me happy from now on, you pathetic teacher doll?"

Julia turned her head to gaze forlornly into the fourteen year old's steel gray eyes.

"Oh yes, Madison.&nbsp; I love you.&nbsp; You must know how much I love you.&nbsp; I've loved you 
from the moment you walked into my classroom.&nbsp; I've wanted to show you how much I loved 
you all year long, but I couldn't let myself.&nbsp; But now you have taken me, and so it's alright to 
love you."

"Teaching you and those sexy classmates of yours makes me so hungry, Madison.&nbsp; You 
can't know how much I want them.&nbsp; I dream all the time about all those young girls teasing 
me with their naked bodies and, at night, when I'm in bed, I pretend they promise me I'll get 
to look at them and even touch their sweet young bodies as long as I masturbate myself for 
them and humiliate myself in so many other ways.&nbsp; Each day in class I dream about them 
lifting their short skirts and showing me their sexy tight panties, and sometimes I dream that 
I beg them to bring their soiled undies to class and make me lick them while they take 
pictures and videos of me doing it and then they threaten to use them against me to make 
me do even nastier things."

Julia blushed at what she had just said.&nbsp; Then she took a deep breath and continued.

"And you must know by now how much I want to make you happy, Madison.&nbsp; And 
you must know by now that I'll do anything to make you happy so you'll love me, too."

Hearing Julia's plaintive words and seeing her subbie so vulnerably displayed on the 
bed drove the sex hungry teen girl to want to take her again right that very minute.&nbsp; But 
Madison fought to restrain herself because she had other ideas for Julia right then and the 
older woman's second strap on fuck session would just have to wait a little longer.&nbsp; As 
Madison moved purposively toward the big bed, she reached her small hand down toward 
the older woman's wriggling, sweat covered body and placed her groping little fingers 
against the soppy nether lips displayed so wantonly to her.&nbsp; She watched with gleeful 
interest at the play of stark emotions as they crossed Julia's face; first a kind of appalled 
cringing away at the realization of the lewd thing that was being done to her and by whom it 
was being done, then an anxious flush of desperate hope that Madison might truly love her if 
only she gave in to this lascivious young girl's demands.

Madison leaned against the sex-hunger driven older woman and whispered 
seductively once again in her ear.

"It's so much more fun when you really don't want to do it but you have to do it, 
anyway.&nbsp; Isn't it, Julia.&nbsp; You are so disgusting.&nbsp; I'm not sure I even love you any more."

Julia cried out in panic.

"Oh God, Madison, please don't say that.&nbsp; I need you now.&nbsp; I couldn't live without you.&nbsp; Tell 
me what I must do to keep you interested in me."

Madison grinned down at her conquest.

"So you want to keep me interested in you, do you, doll?"

Julia sobbed once but nodded her head in agreement.

"Well then I'll fix it so you'll beg and beg me to dildo fuck you, again.&nbsp; I could tell 
how much you liked it last time.&nbsp; Right, teacher dear?"

Madison purred into Julia's ear as her small hand slid slowly along the older 
woman's puffy vulva.&nbsp; 

Julia could do nothing but agree.

"Yes, Madison.&nbsp; I know you'll make me beg you to fuck me again, and you'll make me beg 
you to do anything else you want to me for that matter.&nbsp; From now on, I belong to you.&nbsp; I 
know that.&nbsp; I love you, and that's all that matters.&nbsp; I'll only do what you tell me.&nbsp; I promise.&nbsp; 
I'll take whatever punishment you would like to give me, Madison.&nbsp; I need you so much.&nbsp; Jill 
bullied me all through school and I just never got over it.&nbsp; And the older I get the worse it 
gets.&nbsp; It's like young girls like you have a magic spell they cast over me.&nbsp; All you have to do 
is make me look at you and I get all confused.&nbsp; Then, I'd do anything I'm told, even if you 
were even younger than you are, Madison.&nbsp; I wouldn't care how young you were.&nbsp; I'd still 
obey you."

Julia's soppy pussy convulsed with degrading excitement as she spoke those 
submissive words.

Madison licked around the inside of the older woman's ear.

"That's my good little kinky teacher dear.&nbsp; And what would my teacher dear like the 
girls in her class to do to her next year.&nbsp; Tell me, teacher dear."

Julia couldn't keep the words from escaping her lips.

"Maybe the girls in my class would put me in diapers like Jill did.&nbsp; And maybe all their 
moms would be there too, and laugh at me just like their daughters." 

Madison stood right next to Julia who lay there wriggling on her bed, open and 
helpless before her young owner.&nbsp; The fourteen year old ran her hands possessively over 
Julia's naked flesh.&nbsp; Almost immediately Julia began to pant and whimper in frustrated 
sexual need as Madison began tweaking her stiff nipples and plucking at her engorged labia 
with her impish fingers until the older woman itched and burned with carnal desire.

"Why don't you pinch your own nipples for me, teacher dear.&nbsp; Let me see you do it 
now."

Julia immediately raised her hand to her left breast and began tweaking her erect 
nipple as Madison pinched her other nipple as hard as her little fingers could.

"Tell me just exactly who you are, teacher dear."

Julia cried out the words as loud as she could.

I'm your dumb girl-pussy licking doll, Madison.&nbsp; I'm a Julia Wetsy Doll that loves 
licking little girl pussies and being told what to do.&nbsp; See, Madison, your doll is pinching her 
nipples just like you told her to."

Madison looked down as Julia became ever more wantonly aroused by her salacious 
words and her lewd actions.

"Is my teacher dear getting horny?&nbsp; Does teacher dear want to play nasty little sick 
games with her nice, sexy little student Madison?"

Julia gazed longing at the enticing naked body of her young owner standing there 
staring down so possessively at her.

"Yeeeeesss, Madison.&nbsp; I want you to play with me.&nbsp; I want you to use me.&nbsp; I want you 
to abuse me.&nbsp; I want to beg you to let me lick your sweet pussy.&nbsp; I want you to love me.&nbsp; I 
need you so much."

The young girl smiled sweetly down at her conquest.

"You disgust me, Julia.&nbsp; You are such a sick old cow.&nbsp; How could I ever love 
somebody like you?"

Hearing Madison's words, Julia began to scream.

"Please Madison please don't humiliate me any more. You know so much more about how 
sick I am than I should have told you, and you can use it all against me if you really want to 
hurt me.&nbsp; But if you would only just love me as much as I love you, you wouldn't need to 
humiliate me to make me do whatever you wanted.&nbsp; You could just tell me to do it and I 
would do it for you; anything at all."

Madison looked down at her plaintive conquest with cunning malice all over her 
young face.

"Okay Julia.&nbsp; If you really don't want me to humiliate you any more and you really 
want to do something nice for me, I think you should give me a special little footbath.&nbsp; It'll 
sort of get that sly tongue of yours all ready for the delicious things I'll tell you to do with it 
later on.&nbsp; Things you just said you were dying to do."

Madison slid a chair over by the bed and sat down, her bare foot extended right next 
to Julia's open mouth.&nbsp; Julia immediately began laving her long, wet tongue over her young 
owner's extended foot.&nbsp; Unbidden, the submissive older woman began sucking on Madison's 
toes, drawing them into her mouth one at a time until they all glistened with her saliva.&nbsp; 
Madison cooed happily and extended her foot so that her submissive older lesbian thrall 
could get even more of it into her mouth.&nbsp; Julia tranquilly sucked and licked away for a few 
more minutes until Madison gave her next order.

"Now the other food, Julia."

Julia did as she was told.

Madison began unconsciously to stretch and move her body so that ever more of her 
feet and lower legs would be accessible to Julia's wet tongue.&nbsp; Julia's little sighs and 
whimpers were music to Madison's ears.&nbsp; She was most certainly turning her subbie on, and 
Madison was turning herself on as well.

Finally recognizing Julia's expressions of lust for what they were, and not wanting 
the older woman to derive any sexual pleasure without a little humiliation to go with it, 
Madison pulled away from Julia's fervent kiss and gave her subbie her next command.

"Julia.&nbsp; I want you to lick that nasty tongue of yours along my calves all the way up 
to my knees.&nbsp; And don't you dare forget about licking and smooching around on the backs 
of my knees.&nbsp; You just don't know how much I really like being licked on the backs of my 
knees.&nbsp; Do you, Julia?&nbsp; Well, all girls my age just adore that kind of licking; especially when 
a grown up woman just like you does it for them.&nbsp; You can ask any of us and she'll tell you 
it's true.&nbsp; Teachers, librarians, nurses, even mommies: we just love it.&nbsp; And we get it 
whenever we can."

Julia looked over dreamily at her girl lover.&nbsp; 

"No, Madison.&nbsp; I didn't know how much you liked it.&nbsp; But I want to find out."

Madison just smiled.

Julia did not waste a second in following Madison's order.&nbsp; Her long, pink tongue 
snaked out along her owner's smooth, naked calf and slowly licked along it all the way from 
the ankle to the hollow of the knee.&nbsp; Ever so slowly Julia licked back and forth along the 
back of the calf.&nbsp; Then all along Madison's knee hollow.

As Julia continued her lustful licking and snuffeling, she began to breath heavily and 
whimper with growing need.&nbsp; Madison certainly wanted Julia to be all the way turned on, but 
in no way satisfied.&nbsp; Not yet, at least.&nbsp; And, so far, Julia was accommodating her.

"Now the other leg, Julia."

Julia immediately switched to Madison's other calf and continued to lick and slurp at 
her owner's smooth girl leg flesh.&nbsp; She didn't care how salacious and humiliating it was for a 
naked grown woman such as herself to be taking such nasty direction from a fourteen year 
old girl.&nbsp; Instead, she reveled in the humiliation and wanted more and more.

A broad smirk covered Madison's young face as she observed the lewd goings on.&nbsp; 
The girl was having such a good time watching while her very own naked adult subbie and 
former teacher was sexing her up.&nbsp; She could not wait to see the look on her mom's face 
when she made her watch Julia do her tricks later on that evening.&nbsp; And then, she was going 
to fuck the older woman's brains out as well, right in front of her mom.&nbsp; How yummy!

Julia was finding it increasingly difficult to keep her tongue on her owner's legs 
because the girl began moving her thighs against each other in an unconscious attempt to 
turn herself on even more.&nbsp; When Madison realized what she was doing, she decided to 
move on to the next phase of her evil scheme.

"Julia.&nbsp; I want you to stop licking my legs, and begin sucking on those nice young 
nipples of mine.&nbsp; I bet that will get your pussy dripping honey for me like a faucet.&nbsp; Now let 
me get on the bed with you so you can rub that sexy teacher body of yours up against me 
while you suck on my cute little nipples.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know you want to."

Julia did not have to be told twice.&nbsp; She raised up from the bed and made room for 
her young owner.&nbsp; Then she slid her hungry body next to Madison's naked frame and began 
suckling her owner's turgid little nipples.&nbsp; Madison immediately began to whimper, and 
wriggle, and make little sex noises deep in her throat.&nbsp; The girl stretched her arms way above 
her head so Julia could have full access to her breasts.&nbsp; Julia took advantage by sucking 
ever harder and licking around Madison's breasts with her sex hungry mouth.&nbsp; Once Julia 
had her mouth completely full, she pulled her head up away from her young owner's chest.&nbsp; 
This forced Madison's nipple to pull slightly away from her body, causing the young girl to 
shiver.
 
Madison, seeing how Julia was so intent on her nipple sucking, began to giggle.

"Wow, my mom really is going to like having her big, floppy tits sucked by you, 
Julia.&nbsp; I wonder if she will like sucking on your nipples as much when I make her do it to you 
later on."

Clearly, Julia was turning on more and more because of what she was doing to her 
young owner with her laving tongue and sucking lips.&nbsp; Her torso moved from side to side in 
a languid rhythm of lust.&nbsp; Her mouth opened hungrily as if to invite a deep soul kiss.

"OK, Julia.&nbsp; Now get after those sweet armpits of mine, since I have my arms raised 
so high for you.&nbsp; You know that you've been just dying to taste your little lover's pit sweat."

Julia dutifully stuck her tongue out as far as it would go and began running the very 
tip all around Madison's armpit.&nbsp; Madison cooed happily and slowly brought her arm down, 
tenderly trapping Julia's face against her side.&nbsp; The subbie older woman just kept on licking 
away, content to be loving up on her girl owner's tasty pits.

When Madison figured that Julia had had enough pit taste, she gave her the next 
command.

"Julia.&nbsp; Now that your mouth is so open and inviting, I just bet what you want is 
some nice Madison slobber.&nbsp; Why don't you put that nasty tongue of yours way in my mouth 
and I'll let my yummy saliva be scooped out."

Julia pulled her head away from Madison's cradling arm, stuck her tongue deep in 
her girl owner's open mouth and allowed a gobbet of Madison's adolescent spit to slide 
slowly between her lips.&nbsp; Upon tasting Madison's saliva, Julia immediately began begging 
for more.&nbsp; Madison laughed quietly.&nbsp; Julia was proving to be just as much of a degraded 
horn dog as the girl had hoped she would be.&nbsp; 

Julia continued to whimper for more saliva and Madison continued to feed her 
hungry woman subbie with little drops of girl spit.&nbsp; It was going to be such fun later on that 
night making her mom watch Julia being so slutty.

After a while, Madison decided to move on.

"Julia, go get me a little bowl of warm water.&nbsp; I want to show you a funny trick I 
learned at camp last year."

Julia reluctantly left off drinking girl spit and went to do as she was bidden.&nbsp; The 
naked older woman was soon back with a little white cereal bowl filled with warm water.&nbsp; 
Madison took it from her outstretched hand and patted the bed beside her.

"Julia, dear.&nbsp; Since you have been so gracious as to accept some of my own 
precious bodily fluids, I think that it's only fair for me to give you some more of them.&nbsp; So I 
want you to get those sexy lips of yours right down here between my legs while I induce 
myself to produce a nice little hot water girl fountain just for you."

As she talked, Madison tenderly stroked her slender forefinger along Julia's lips.&nbsp; 
The older woman cooed and whimpered as she reacted to the fourteen year old's impudent 
caress.&nbsp; Madison just smiled and continued her happy fingering of Julia's lips.&nbsp; When the 
older woman's lips opened to accept the proffered young finger, Madison slid it inside and 
caressed the older woman's tongue.&nbsp; Julia began to suck Madison's finger and Madison 
slowly moved her hand down her body until it lay over her pussy mound.&nbsp; 

Julia slid slowly and sensuously down her owner's naked body and placed her face 
carefully between Madison's splayed thighs.&nbsp; Her cheek rested on her young owner's soft 
inner thigh.&nbsp; She could feel Madison's other hand press against the back of her head, and 
she could see close up the sensual effect her sucking was having on her owner' own vulva.&nbsp; 
Julia was more than content to lie there and watch Madison's young pussy throb in 
expectation for as long as her owner cared to indulge herself.&nbsp; The older woman hoped and 
prayed that Madison would eventually allow her to suck her.&nbsp; But cruel little Madison just 
made her wait and whimper.

After a time Madison tired of her game and moved her hand closer to her own crotch.&nbsp; 
There was no mistaking this time what the girl wanted the older woman to do, and Julia 
moaned softly as she moved her sucking mouth from her owner's finger to her owner's 
sticky labia.&nbsp; Madison knew that Julia was now set for the next step in her plan.

As for Julia, she was more than a little unsure of where all this was going, but she 
was very sure that she must follow Madison's instructions to the letter.&nbsp; And she was more 
than content to be sucking the girl's sweet young vulva.&nbsp; 

"Do you smell your owner's pussy, Julia?"

Julia inhaled deeply of her owner's musky scent and took her mouth away from 
sucking.

"Yes, Madison.&nbsp; I smell you."

"Do I smell good, Julia."

"Yesss, Madison."

"Then why don't you be a good little teacher dear and lick all the sticky off my pussy 
for me.&nbsp; You know you want to."

Julia most certainly did want to taste her owner's lust mucus, and she happily licked 
and sucked on her owner's nether lips all of Madison's accumulated secretion was gone.

As soon as Julia had cleansed Madison's pussy, the fourteen year old placed the 
bowl of warm water on the bed right next to her naked body.&nbsp; Then she pressed Julia's head 
back down against her groin.&nbsp; Julia immediately latched on to the girl's pussy lips and 
began to suckle.&nbsp; Madison placed her other hand over the bowl so that the very tips of her 
fingers rested in the warm water.&nbsp; 

"Get ready, Julia.&nbsp; I'm about to pee.&nbsp; Don't move that mouth of yours for one second.&nbsp; 
I don't want to get my bed wet."

Madison moaned hedonistically and then almost immediately thereafter released her 
bladder, just as she had known she would.&nbsp; A jet of hot, golden young girl pee gushed right 
into Julia's waiting mouth; splashing off her palette and running down her throat.&nbsp; And the 
older woman responded by happily gulping it all right down, also just as Madison had 
known she would.&nbsp; 

The pungent golden stream arched out of Madison's young body and directly into 
Julia's thirsty and waiting mouth.&nbsp; Madison smiled happily as she watched as her piss 
squirted between Julia's wide open lips.&nbsp; What a trip it was watching this grown woman, this 
respected teacher, drinking her pee into her thirsty mouth.&nbsp; What a great time she was going 
to have making her mom watch it happen all over again later.

Madison smiled to herself as she watched the older woman slurp and gulp.&nbsp; Julia 
was by now just so predictable in matters relating to being submissive to her young owner, 
and by the eager way she swallowed, Madison knew full well just how very much her subbie 
now just adored drinking her pee.&nbsp; 

Drinking Madison's girl pee seemed to confirm in Julia's mind her completely 
subservient status to the girl owner who had taken over her life, and that confirmation 
brought her a profound peace.

Madison also knew by the way the older woman looked up at her with those hungry, 
beseeching eyes of hers, that the submissive older woman was making it quite evident that 
she wanted even more humiliation and pain.&nbsp; And Madison knew that she was just the girl to 
give it to her.

This work is copyright (c) 2010 by Faye Duncan. You may download and retain a copy for 
your personal use as long as the author's byline and e-mail address and this paragraph 
remain on the copy. Please do not post this story to any web site without permission from 
the author. All other rights reserved. 
Faye Duncan can be reached at fayeduncan01@yahoo.com 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faye Duncan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





