BDSM Library -  The Prisoner\'s Daughter: a tale of humiliation




 The Prisoner\'s Daughter: a tale of humiliation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Natalie is forced to humiliate and degrade herself to keep her father safe from harm in prison






The Prisoners Daughter: a tale of humiliation

The ring on the doorbell was the last thing she needed.&nbsp; It had been a tough day at work and Natalie wanted nothing more to settle down with a glass of wine in front of the TV.&nbsp; She would just go and tell whoever it was to get lost - probably just canvassing or something. She opened the door a crack on the security chain.&nbsp; A man stood on the other side: well dressed, fairly young and quite good looking actually.&nbsp; Perhaps she wouldn't tell him to get lost after all.
"Are you Natalie" said the man
"Yes" she said "what do you want?"
"I've come about your father"
Natalie felt a sudden pain in her chest.&nbsp; Her father had been sent to prison for five years for his part in a stupid fraud case.&nbsp; She was terrified for him - he was not a strong man and the thought of him trying to survive in that terrible place worried her constantly.
"There's nothing wrong is there?" she asked, trying to sound calm.
"No" said the man "not at the moment anyway - and my job is to keep it that way"
"What do you mean"
"I work for Prisoner Support.&nbsp; We work with prisoners and their families to ensure that prisoners come to no harm while they are inside.&nbsp; Can I come in and talk to you for a moment"
"OK" said Natalie, unbolting the door "Come inside"
"Would you like a drink" she asked, taking him into the living room and gesturing towards a seat.
"No thanks.&nbsp; Natalie, I do need to alert you to something.&nbsp; Your father seems to have got on the wrong side of some people in prison.&nbsp; I know you don't want anything to happen to him so I thought I would come and talk to you about it"
Natalie went cold, this was just what she dreaded. "What sort of people - and what has he done"
"Oh you don't have to do much in prison, believe me - just look at someone the wrong way and that's it.&nbsp; But that's why I'm here - I have contacts who can keep your father safe"
"Who are they?&nbsp; Can we talk to them"
"Well it's not quite as simple as that.&nbsp; Natalie, what would you be prepared to do to help your father?"
"Anything - of course"
He looked her up and down, slowly, lingering on each part of her body.&nbsp; She was still in her work clothes, short gray skirt, white blouse.
"Anything?" he said, injecting a little more emphasis into the word.
"Y-yes" said Natalie, a little more uncertain now but terrified for her father.
"I can help your father, but I need you to do a couple of small things for me in return. All I ask is that you obey me to the letter" he said, still looking at her intently
Oh God he wants to have sex with me.&nbsp; Well if that's what it takes to keep dad safe, she thought to herself, it's a small price to pay.&nbsp; And it's not as if he's bad looking ...
"Yes - anything" she said firmly
The man settled back into the sofa.&nbsp; "OK" he said, "Stand up and let's have a look at you"
Natalie was unsettled by this approach - where was he going with this?&nbsp; But tentatively she stood up.
"OK turn around for me - slowly"
Uncertainly Natalie turned around until she was facing him again
"Undo the top four buttons of your blouse" he said, staring at her intently
Natalie fumbled the buttons, reddening as she did so.&nbsp; This was getting wierd.
"Very nice - now remove all your clothes"
"OK, if I must, I'll just go and ..."
"No!" he snapped "remove them here in front of me"
"But ...!"
"Do it girl - just think of your father - don't you care about him?"
With trembling fingers she undid the rest of the buttons of her blouse, slipped of her skirt and stood in her underwear.
"And the rest" he said matter of factly
Finally Natalie stood before him naked, feeling utterly shamed as his eyes took in every part of her body.&nbsp; Let's just get this over with quckly she thought.
"OK, let's get you ready - put these on"
He took a small pile of clothing out of a bag and put them on the chair beside Natalie.&nbsp; There was a white see through blouse and a tiny black see through skirt - that was all.
"But I thought .... can't we just ...?"
"Come on girl I'm loosing my patience - if you want me to help get on with it, if not I'll be off"
Hurriedly she put on the skimpy outfit - it was much worse than being naked.&nbsp; The blouse material was so transparent that everything was on show, and the skirt was not much better, and it was so short her bum cheeks could just be seen under it.
"Now put your heels back on"
Wishing she had not worn stilettos that day Natalie put the shoes back on
"Come here, look at yourself in the mirror"
Natalie was shocked to see an utter slut looking back at her.&nbsp; The transparent material only emphasising her breasts and the skirt covering not much.&nbsp; She always took such pride in her dress but now she looked shameful - desperate and begging for it.
"Right, now we are ready for a visit to the people who can help your father" said the man
"But .... but you said you could help"
"And I am helping - by taking you to the people in control - your father is a lucky man"
"But who are they"
"Stop asking questions and come with me - my car is parked outside"
"I can't go out like this - let me get a coat"
"Oh no - you come along just as you are"
"But I know people - my neighbours"
"Your problem - we go now, like this, or I go alone - and you know what that means"
Natalie followed him to the front door, desperately trying to think of a way out
"Please" she said "Anything but this - I'll have sex with you, give you a blow job, anything but not this"
"Just listen to yourself" said the man "a while ago you were little Miss Perfect in your office clothes and now you are dressed like a slut and offering me a blow job"
Natalie realised the truth of his words and nearly cried with the shame of it.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man opened the front door and she followed him out, looking around to see if anyone was walking past.
"My car is just here" he said, pointing to an expensive looking black car "wait by the passenger door and I'll go around an unlock it from inside".
"Hurry - please hurry" said Natalie - she had just noticed a woman from up the street walking towards them in the distance
The man got into the driver's seat and reached across as if to open the door, but then stopped and smiled out at her - a nasty leering smile.&nbsp; Frantically Natalie pulled at the door handle: "Let me in, please let me in, someone's coming!"
Now the woman was really close and worse still there was a boy coming the other way.&nbsp; She knew him only too well - she had fancied him for ages
"Pleeease!" she wailed.&nbsp; But it was too late, the woman was walking past her now.&nbsp; Natalie looked pleadingly at her.
"Slut!" the woman muttered as she walked past
The boy said brightly "I didn't know you had a man in your life Natalie" and then noticed what she was wearing"
"Oh ..." he said "I guess it takes all sorts ..."
Finally he unlocked the door and she fell into the car seat
"You bastard - you utter bastard" she sreamed
"Such language" said the man "what do you think your neighbours will be saying about you now, Miss Secretary"
Natalie burned with humiliation and shame as she thought about how the woman and the boy had looked at her.&nbsp; She wouldn't be able to stay, she would have to move.&nbsp; She couldn't bear the thought of their eyes on her, knowing what they had seen.

She didn't speak during the the 30 minute journey, just turning over in her mind the scene outside the car and wondering how she had got herself into this mess.&nbsp; Finally he turned into a drive which led to a very grand looking house.
"Who lives here?" asked Natalie
"You'll meet them soon" he said "Come on".&nbsp; He got out of the car. When she didn't follow he came around to her door and opened it "Quickly - you don't want to keep them waiting - really you don't - or should I say that your father doesn't want them to"
Reluctantly Natalie climbed out of the car and, looking nervously around her, followed him into the house.&nbsp; Inside was just as grand as the outside with a sweeping staircase leading up from a grand hallway.&nbsp; They turned left into a large room with very little furniture, just some sofa's and armchairs dotted around.&nbsp; In the middle of the room was a small platform, about 18 inches high, with two poles rising out of it about three feet apart.
"Get up on the platform" he instructed
"What's going to happen?" she asked
"You'll see"
She stepped up onto the platform and he came up next to her.&nbsp; Once there she could see that attached to the poles were some short chains and cuffs.
"No!" she spluttered "not that - please not that"
"You can leave whenever you like" he said with a hard tone in his voice "but I can't say what would happen to your father if you did"
"But ...." she ran out of words, realising it was hopeless
Quickly he fixed the cuffs to her wrists and ankles, leaving her with arms stretched high to the tops of the poles and feet spread wide to the bases.&nbsp; She was totally exposed, once again feeling the that the transparent clothing she was wearing made her almost more naked and on show than wearing nothing at all would have done.
"Well that's my job done" he said, "I wish you well", and he turned and walked towards the door.
"Where are you going - wait ...!" but he was gone.&nbsp; Just as the door shut there was a click and all the lights went out.&nbsp; Then another click and a ring of fierce spotlights came on, blinding her at first.&nbsp; She was totally on show now, there were even lights set into the platform shining up into her most private parts - nothing was hidden.&nbsp; She waited - terrified and exposed.

She was almost glad when she heard the door open about 10 minutes later - something tangible to be afraid of.&nbsp; There were clearly a number of people, they were laughing and chatting together, perhaps five or six,, men and women.&nbsp; Something turned in her stomach, it was somehow worse to be seen like this by another woman.
"Let's see what he has brought for us today"
"I hope it's better than last time - she was a real disappointment"
Natalie couldn't see the owners of the voices, nothing beyond the bright lights
"Oh this one's rather cute actually" a woman's voice
"Stupid little thing, look what a mess she has got herself into" a man
"Her breasts are rather small" a woman 
"Yes - but the nipples are well formed"
Natalie couldn't believe that they were talking about her like this.&nbsp; "What do you want?" she said.
"She needs to shave her pussy more neatly" a woman
"Yes - very sloppy" a man
They ignored her totally.&nbsp; She just felt all their eyes on her, commenting on every part of her body.
"Who are you - what are you going to do with me?"
"Shall I give us a better view?" a man's voice
"Good idea"
Quickly she heard steps behind her but couldn't turn around enough to see.&nbsp; Someone reached around in front of her and lifted up her tiny skirt, tucking the hem into the waistband.
"No, please ..."
"That's better - actually that pussy is quite cute - look at the way her pussy lips poke out slightly" the woman.
"I think we may enjoy this one more than the last" a man
Natalie was burning with shame, standing with her pussy exposed and being viewed like a piece of meat by these people.&nbsp; They hadn't talked to her at all&nbsp; - just wondered about looking at her and commenting.
"Shall we give her the challenge, see if she does better than the last?" 
"Yes - go on - let's give her a try"
"What do you mean - challenge?" asked Natalie - but they ignored her again
Suddenly a huge TV screen lit up in front of her, she hadn't seen it because of the lights.&nbsp; On it was some text which said:&nbsp; 
"On the floor by your feet there is a dildo.&nbsp; You will use the dildo to bring yourself to an orgasm.&nbsp; If you reach orgasm you will have succeeded in the challenge and your father will be safe.&nbsp; Your heartbeat and temperature are being monitored so you won't be able to fake it.&nbsp; You may begin when ready"
As she read it there was a click and the chains holding her wrists to the poles were suddently released.
"Please no - please" she said, she couldn't fuck herself in front of these people, anything but that.
There was silence.
She realised that she had no choice - reluctantly she reached down and picked up the dildo.&nbsp; She looked at it and wondered if there was a way out, but then slowly reached down to put it between her legs.&nbsp; Gently she eased it into her pussy.
"I told you that pussy would look good"
"Yes but she still needs to tidy herself up more down there"
How could she fuck herself to orgasm with all these comments about her appearance?&nbsp; She eased the dildo in further and just as she did so there was another click and five more huge video screens sprang to life in a semicircle around her.&nbsp; They showed her from every possible angle, including one on her face only and a closeup on her pussy.&nbsp; Everywhere she looked she could see herself and what she was doing - dressed like a slut and putting on a show for these people.
Gently she started to move the dildo in and out, feeling wretched and humiliated - pure entertainment for these people.
"I'll give you 5 to 1 she doesn't make it" a man
"Oh I'll take those odds - I think she's a genuine slut for all her nice ways" a woman
The dildo was slipping up and down easily now though she felt no thrill, nothing to help her on her way.&nbsp; Just going through the motions.
"Time to liven it up a bit don't you think?" a woman's voice
Murmers of agreement from the rest of the group and suddenly the dildo sprang to life, buzzing frantically between her legs.&nbsp; The effect galvanized Natalie, suddenly she had a weak feeling in her legs and she pulled the dildo forward so that it pushed onto her clit.
"Ah - that's got her going"
"Let's see what the little slut is capable of"
Natalie was pushing the dildo hard against her clit, starting to breathe deeper.&nbsp; Her inhibitions were gradually melting away and there was a part of her, a small part, that wanted to put on the show, wanted to be a slut for them, to act dirty.&nbsp; That small part started to drive her on and she pushed the dildo deep inside her, rubbing her clitoris with the other hand, sqatting down slightly and spreading her legs even wider apart.&nbsp; She was dimly aware of the video screens showing the contortions of the slut putting on a show for all to see.&nbsp; It drove her on, faster and faster, her breaths rasping now and moans escaping her lips.&nbsp; Finally with a shriek she climaxed, shuddering and holding one of the poles to avoid loosing her balance.

As she started to get her breath back there was a click and the lights and TV screens went off.&nbsp; Then equally suddenly the normal room lights came on.&nbsp; The room was full of people, all dressed in evening dress.&nbsp; Immediately the room was full of conversation and smiles, but few people were looking at her, just a glance every now and then, but she was clearly incidental to the procedings.&nbsp; What had been a shattering and humiliating event for her had just been minor entertainment to them.&nbsp; Occasionally couples or groups would collect near her, but only for a space to talk and laugh in, not to take any notice of her.&nbsp; She merely stood, with her legs fixed wide apart and chains dangling from the wrist cuffs - less significant than wallpaper to them.

After what seemed hours the group gradually filtered away, Natalie presumed to have dinner or something in another room.&nbsp; The man who had come to her house returned.&nbsp; "I hear you pleased them" he said, "I'll take you home"
"Does that mean my father will be safe"
"Oh yes, we keep our word, he will be safe ....... for now"
Natalie's blood ran cold.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





