BDSM Library -  Ready to submit




 Ready to submit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Vanilla wife travels to a foreign city to meet the Master who has been instructing her online.






READY TO SUBMIT I'm sure she wanted Me to pick her up at the airport,after a long flight in her crotchless panties and short skirt exhausting her desire to be taken. She was to follow my instructions, and had little choice but to look for the sign that said 'Cassy Slut' and make her way downtown. I waited for her to call Me when she was ready, seated at a booth in the Traders restaurant in the Sheraton lobby. She needed to be available for phone calls from her husband back home, still clinging to the fear of being exposed, deep down begging to be released from the monotony of her life in Arizona. In this hotel, in the underground city beneath Toronto's core, she would be no one she'd ever been before. her name henceforth would be slave. Nothing had ever been so real. she suddenly felt comfortable in her skin. "Dear Sir, i have arrived for Your training" was the message on my phone. I was waiting at the Black Bull Tavern on Queen street, enjoying the view of the city in it's late afternoon rush. As I arrive to meet my slave, I began to feel a connection as I looked in her eyes for the first time. In slow motion, but without hesitation, she lowered her eyes, looked to the floor and subtly bowed her head. I take her hand and tell her to sit. She moves back and awaits my words with an anticipation she hasn't felt, and can only compare to the first time she was about to be kissed. "slave" I say, "you must know this is where you belong, are you glad to be here giving yourself to Me?" 'Of course i am Master, i am so nervous, but so happy to see you in person. i need to be yours' "slave, you are not to call Me Master until I am satisfied with your commitment. It is an honorific I don't want to hear out of your mouth again. Understood?" the slave nods her head quickly, 'Yes Sir' "Second slave, you neglected your manners. I'm sure you meant to say Thank You Sir. Your presence before Me is at my permission. you should never forget your place in honoring Me." 'i apologize Sir. i was ignorant and neglectful to not Thank You Sir. i do, i Thank You for allowing Me in Your presence. i am honored beyond belief to be here. Please forgive slave for her mistake.Sir.' As she spoke she began to become aware of what she was saying, in full public view she had called herself slave, and begged for forgiveness of a trifling impoliteness.she realized that she had fallen into space, momentarily unaware of her surroundings when she spoke. "I am not a forgiving man slave, and you will learn to respect Me at all times as you would your father, if not more so. your father will never have the control over your actions that I demand from my slave. I do not ever want to wonder whether your manners will be up to par in public, and you will be punished when they are lacking... For this indiscretion, I will strike your backside nine times with the switch. you will beg for tenth." With my eyes I implored her response of 'Yes Sir' "Show Me the switch slave" she reached in her purse for the switch I told her to select from home,hand trembling slightly, she reached across the table to hand it to Me. "Lay it on the table slave, I won't be using it here" A little color drained from her face as her mind had started to panic,the room coming back into focus, then a feeling that it might start spinning as she wondered with furiosity if she would be whipped right here, or maybe in the bathroom? The waiter approached after what seemed like an eternity,which in actuality had only been a few moments since I had arrived. I could tell she didn't know where she was when he asked if we'd like to hear the specials. I could tell she was now in a frame of mind ready to submit.For some reason, it seemed she had mostly forgotten her past, like recent events had happened in years past.she was about to become my slave. I ordered a glass of orange juice for myself and a water for the slave. Alone again, I spoke to her, "Cassy?" 'Yes Sir?' "I want you to forget that name, it has nothing to do with you now.I will only call you slave.If we are with people, I will call you pet.If anyone asks your name, it's Sophia,Sophie for short.Those are the exact words you will use when asked.You may thank Me for your new names." 'Thank you Sir' she said,coming to accept them easily. "Now,My girl, did you bring the marker I sent you?" 'Yes, of course Sir' This was the same marker I had sent to her p.o.box, the same one she had marked herself with so many times at my instruction before diddling her pussy, stroking her clit on her knees, twisting her nipples harder each day, dreaming so hard about being at his feet, she was often sure she had been transported. "Put it inside you slut,and clamp down as hard as you can" The color rushed back in her face as she tried to contemplate a way to insert it in her wet hole. "Adjust your linen slut, and put it in your opening. I know that it's begging for attention." Immediately, it dawned on her that she should Thank Sir as soon as she got it in. A wave of emotion rushed over her. She was about to sob for a moment when she opened her mouth, quite unexpectedly. 'Thank You Sir' she managed to speak with some dignity.Her orgasm was starting to build as she clamped down on her favorite object of humiliation. Her face began to clench as she concentrated on the task at hand, wanting to please her possible owner, she already felt owned, she wanted him to know how badly she wanted this. "Good girl Sophie, you make that hole tight for Me. Can you grip it?" She was ashamed that she would have to say no, especially disappointed in herself after hearing that she was a good girl. she had never felt so happy, so good to be pleasing someone. she knew that she must his. Property, that's what I am. The thought had flashed across her mind without her thinking it. Her thighs started to feel wet. The waiter returned with our drinks and I ordered our dinner. I ordered the sirloin with Roquefort sauce, an early favorite of mine that I never missed the chance to compare to my own cooking. For slave I ordered the mezzeh,pita bread and dips with which i was also familiar, and unforgiving in judging the expertness of their preparation. I felt sorry for the girl, knowing it would be months before she cooked a meal that did not end with a lengthy session beginning and ending with kissing a wooden spoon. "slave, if you drop the marker before we arrive at Our room, you will not be allowed to cum during this trip. Have I made myself clear?" Hiding her disappointment poorly, she answered after a beat, 'Yes Sir' "And if you disappoint me this trip, you will never return. Is that what you want slave?" 'No Sir' she began almost violently,'i want to return Sir.Please Sir, let me stay' she meant it. It was crystal clear. she really meant to stay here with Sir. she felt like a child being told it was bedtime. Under no terms did she want to go anywhere. Just, be, here, that's all she wanted, to be His slave. Why should she return to her old life; Cassy no longer existed. I saw that she had panicked, and that it would take time to process her feelings. "slave, you are here with Me now, and you are here to serve Me. This is the first step in your submission. you will submit to Me, and when you do,bow before Me and kiss my feet.. you will know that you will always return. Follow My words and learn how to please Me, and I will give you the life that you need." she was now looking up at Me with hope and a degree of sadness, having been confronted so suddenly with the prospect of not being His slave.she clamped down harder with her pussy and could feel the round edges of the marker. she was determined, she was wet,she was as tight as she could be. "Give Me your hands slave... I want you to cum, and I want you to cum hard.If you obey Me, I will allow you this privilege, but not before you have proven yourself. When the switch strikes ten, you may remove the marker and play the tip of it against your clit til you cum. After, you will write 'begging to be your whore and slave' and present yourself to your Master. Then, I will teach you your place. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

sophie, have you been touching My pussy? ..."Good slave.Now show me how you punish yourself when you cum." sophie knew what her Master wanted to see: how practiced had she become in her obedience. How badly she had craved his touch after her orgasm, to feel him punish her nipples, she squeezed and twisted at them, determined to shed a tear.For Him,she wanted to show her discipline. 'Thank you Sir, slave does not deserve the pleasure You allowed her.' She repeated the words i had been taunting her with as she circled her clit with the black marker,teasing her every so often with an ice cube. "Hands above your head slave!" would come the command. i placed the ice cube right where she had been heating herself up so vigorously. "slaves don't cum without permission sophie; slaves must ask permission to beg. Tell me slave, does this wet slut of a cunt deserve to cum,?" 'No Sir' she was plainly guessing, so i had to educate her some more. "NO slave, this slut does not simply get what it wants, it moves to the beat of my control, this slut holds on to its orgasm until granted its pathetic release. slave never deserves its orgasm.slave is always punished when it cums." As soon as I had spoken the necessary words I slid my fingers in her pulsating slut, asking her if she was any better than a whore. ' No Sir' was always the reply. 'she is not a slave, she is not a whore, she is a slave, and nothing more'- a refrain I taught her speak. "you have done well with your punishment slave. Now, get in the shower and clean your slut hole of that ink. Do not dry yourself off and present your self to me on this floor in no less than fifteen minutes. My clock is set slave" "Yes Sir" was the humble and eager reply of a slave truly awakening. I took the time to enjoy the view of the skyline while my slave cleaned My dirty cunt for Me, sipping a mango juice and a glass of water. 'Sir, may this slave present itself to You? It humbly requests this honor.' "Well said slave, you have an excellent memory. I hope you remember all the words of your presentation. you may Begin." she knelt down before me, naked and wet all over her body, she spread her thighs and placed her palms upward, resting her arms on them.she had her back arched and chest forward, her chin up and her eyes facing down. 'Sir, this slave presents itself to You, to do with what You can and what You please. slave presents its head to You Sir, its mind and its mouth for Your use.slave presents it chest to You Sir, its neck and its tits for Your use.slave presents its pussy to You Sir, its clit and its cunt for Your use.slave presents its ass, its hole and its cheeks to You sir, for Your use. slave begs to call You Master Sir. slave awaits Your instruction.' The air hung with her yearning, her codified pleading exciting at once her desire to please a Man, her need for obedience to a Man, and a guttural desire to be taken against her will. "Fairly well done slave. Not up to standard though. you have earned nothing yet slave. your arms rest too easily on your thighs; this is not a chance for you to relax. Stretch out your arms and beseech me with them." 'Yes, Sir. please forgive me Sir. the slave is ignorant.' "I might agree with you slave had I not been clear in my instruction. The fault is in your interpretation. Now what did I say about manners? They are not to be taken lightly by my slave. Reach your hands into the air slave." I took her hands in my left, and swiftly brought down an old wooden ruler on her palms with my right. "Look in My eyes slave. I want you to apologize for your lack of manners." 'I apologize Sir. Please punish me, i will learn Sir.' "slave, you made also a technical error in your last sentence, and as I said I am not forgiving of error. You will be shown what I think of you when you don't tend to the details." I gave her a look of disdain."You have so much to learn." I took a look at the bathroom door, holding my slave wrists in my left hand, clenched. "Head down slave. you will now learn to crawl." I stood up and walked to my briefcase, leaving her in the position of an Olympic diver, albeit with her hands pointing outwards. I laughed to myself, those judges wouldn't be any more forgiving of her form than I am. Returning with wrist cuffs and duct tape, I ran my shoe between her thighs. "Wet like the rain I see slave. I suppose you'd lie to cum again?" she knew not displease me now, not when she was this close, not when I was making her this wet. she began to see the life I would lay out for her, and its utter fulfillment. Her body shivered from the condensation in the cool air conditioning, while her wet hole started to feel like an oven. "I am going to cuff you now, simply because it will come in handy later. Besides which, you should learn to feel cuffs around all parts of your body. I may choose to restrain you at anytime; they will become your most worn outfits." Locking the cuffs in place, I grabbed her by the hair and lowered her head further. "Keep your hands up slave. They're not finished." I wrapped the duct tape tightly with her wrists held together, to give her an accented femininity in her crawl. "Hands down slave.All Fours!" When she quickly responded to my command without the proper respect of a 'Yes Sir', I swiftly stroked her ass with the ruler and corrected her. Stinging her ass repeatedly, I ended the verbal barrage with asimple command. "Into the bathroom slave.Move!"



With her wrists tightly tied together, it was only natural for her ass to stick up as she crawled toward the door. Bright pink hues morphing into red as the heat set in on her ass, I could see her moisture glistening off her cunt. She was mine now, and I would use her as I pleased from this day forward. When she got to the door I instructed her to open it with her paws. she reached up and awkwardly opened the bathroom door and pushed her way through it. "Now it is time to learn your place slave. Head in front of the toilet." She scurried over to the bowl, waiting to be used. "Face up slave.Arms in the air. Undo my belt." she struggled through her bonds to release my favorite whipping tool, and held it in her palms. "Kiss the belt slave" she kneels her head to my belt, knowing it will come to dominate her like the sun over the desert. I took the belt from My slave in my right hand, simultaneously catching her across the face with my left "slave, all your indiscretions will be paid for, every error you've made since I met you, will be corrected with this beating.and you know you deserve it, don't you slave?" she was starting to fear me, and it felt good to her. Now it was the belt catching her face from right to left, her eyes rolling back, reveling in the pain. The humiliation was to come shortly. wrapping the belt around her neck like a snake, I held it up and commanded her face to the floor. "repeat after me slave, Master beats me because I deserve it." she repeated the words, fidgeting slightly as her body tried to gues where My belt would land. I landed the first blow on her pussy, inching my way down her backside with each strike. With every blow, she repeated the phrase. After awhile, I grew tired of teasing her, teaching her my spankings weren't all about her pleasure. They were to teach obedience, which could only come about through true pain. "slave likes to be punished doesn't it hmm?" 'yes sir, slave likes it sir' "Well, maybe it's time for something Master likes, isn't it slave?" 'yes sir, please sir, slave is here to please you sir.' "Open your mouth you little whore, and relax your throat. Gagging will be punished severely." 'yes Sir' it sounded like, as she opened wider than for her dentist, 'please shove your cock down my throat.' "Such a filthy, filthy fucking slut you are whore. I'm going o make a nice cunt out of your face." Grabbing her by her hair at both sides, i ground my cock deep in her face as she struggled to pleasure Me. "Take it all now whore, or you won't get any more.' I pulled back to the edge of her lips and let my cock slide back down her tongue and gave her skull some more thrusts. "This fucking whore has done this before hasn't she? mmm yeah, that's a good fucking cunt...I'm gonna cum all over your pussy face slut, aren't you a lucky whore?" I pulled my cock out to hear her answer clearly, and give her a preview of the view when i shot My load on her. 'Yes sir, thank you sir. this whore is a lucky slave of yours. thank you for fucking me Sir.' My cock shot back in her mouth, and I told her to suck it good and I would let her lick up some of my cum. her head bobbing up and down now at a furious pace, i began to feel my sperm rushing forward. Ready to cum, I stroked deep down her throat til I felt it explode. i pulled my cock out and shot the next of my ropes on her forehead, resting just above her eyes and flowing down, then another across her nose and lips. "How does it taste slave?" 'mmmm, sir, you taste delicious sir, thank you sir. May i taste some more?' "Wipe a finger across your face slave and stick it down your throat." 'Thank you Sir,thank You.' she said before savoring my juice by sucking her finger greedily. "Now slave, that's one of the things you'll be good for. It's time though to resume your beating.Face on the floor, this time with your ass up and legs wide as you can get them. By the time I'm done, I should be ready to piss." 













slipping down to hands and knees she crawled to my feet hungrily...tongue licking anxiously at her lips as she smiles softly and lowers her forehead to the ground before Me...inhaling deeply she writhes on the ground as she presses a soft kiss to the tip of My boot....warm greetings Master.

And now the other slave; with belt in hand I reached down with my left&nbsp; to grab the girls collar. Worship me slave, I said in a calm, stern voice that soothed her. Pulling the chain, her head is moved forward without effort, buried at the base of her Masters cock. Lick slave, goes the command from My mouth. Congratualtions slave, you have shown to be a highly effective toilet an mop system, I may have a permanent use for you, she could not respond with words, only by increasing the moans and urgency of her greedy cockworshiping allowed me to know her true feelings: elation.

Licking her lips she moans silently while whispering Yes Master to herself...opened mouth enveloping My cock as she feels My shaft slipping deeply...her tight warm mouth suckles on My cock as her head bobs up and down rhythmically...tongue swirling with delight as she served Me with hunger. 

you served me well slave, I said, wrapping her chain around My wrist, drawing her closer, her soiled face now resting on her Masters thigh. I stroke the back of her neck with light fingers, before picking up the belt and drawing it up her back, from the crack of her ass to where My fingers had danced moments ago. you want me to stroke your ass slave...beg me for this pleasure.

Panting quietly, her face pressed to My thigh...her body rolls with desire as she feels the belt against her tender flesh...hearing the command her eyes light up and her body livens ~ Master Your slut begs to feel the kiss of Your belt...shaking her rounded bottom temptingly her fingers clench in anticipation.

 SMACK across her ass the belt lands swiftly, firmly, as she calls out Thank You Master with her eyes closed,SMACK He lands again as the pain meets the lingering sting from the first blow, SMACK He strikes a third time, watching her ass begin to clench, SMACK he rains a harder blow as the frequency begins to quicken. 

her insides squirm with the sting as her body holds still for her Master..calling out and thanking for each lash her eyes squinted as tears sting. Writhing only slightly on My legs her fingers clawed at my flesh with gentleness as her body begs

 Setting down the belt at slave's face, I instructed her to kiss it; thank it for giving her discipline. As her head lowers, I sink My two fingers in her sopping wet cunt, thumb rubbing up against her moist rosebud. she yelps and moans as I follow her grooves deep up inside her. she can feel Me now in her belly, desperately aching to pleasure My cock in one of her holes once more.

I want you to consider a work placement in this city sophia, you will begin sending resumes immediately, before you leave for home...well, to collect your things, get your finance in order, and say your good-byes.
Would you like that arrangement cunt? 

Yes Master, I beg for the privilege Sir. i am ready to submit to you, always.

Good cunt, now, remember, you won't be able to find a real job here, not as a foriegner. You'll need to work under the table, so keep your expectations low. I want you to apply for every maid or nanny job you can find on the internet today. Get to work cunt, on your knees and plug your ass for later.

Yes Master, she said softly to the ground.

We were truly, ready to begin.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Principalowner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





