BDSM Library -  Extreme Toyland




 Extreme Toyland
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Mistress Lisa and four of her ultra-masochistic \"toys\" test newly recruited girls for a new web venture, ExtremeToyland.com, where the most extreme torture is performed (on demand) on willing slaves.






----

Note from the author: This chapter was rewritten in October 2010 with a new POV and some minor storyline changes.

----

Introduction 

This is an actual account of the events as they happened during the startup period of the adult web site company ExtremeToyland.com. Owned and operated by Mistress Lisa, the company aims to cater images and videos of extreme sadomasochism to subscribers who can also submit scenarios and dares to the production team.

All of the sessions are held at Lisa's large mansion in a rural area in western Europe. She inherited the estate at a young age when both her parents died in a car accident. For the first couple of years she was taken care of by her aunt. But after she turned 22 and got her master's in social sciences, she took control of the estate. She spent almost five years refurbishing parts of the house, dividing it into living quarters and special rooms to bring her sadomasochistic fantasies and fetishes to life. 

Some rooms are themed, others are each dedicated to one of her favorite activities. All in all, there are about 12 distinct rooms. I'm not going to describe them all right now. There will be time for a guided tour later.

Lisa has four live-in toys; three females (Lynn, 27; Elisa, 22; and Daphne, who just turned 21 last week) and one male, Rick (28). Lisa, Rick and Lynn have been friends and play partners for years. It's complicated on a romantic level, they never told me the details of their relationship. Together they formed the production team for ExtremeToyland.com a couple of weeks ago because their money well will be drying up if they keep going like this without generating income for their investments.

About a year ago, Lisa called for the help of Anna, a freelance photographer and videographer she met through the bdsm community at FetLife.com. Anna has been documenting Lisa's private sessions with her four "toys", as she calls them. Some of the resulting material is available on FetLife. Because of the nature of their work, Lisa offered Anna her own room in the mansion. 

Today they're auditioning ten girls that responded to ads they posted on web sites like FetLife, CollarMe and Alt.com, asking for masochists and sadists between the ages of 18 and 25 to be featured in the torture sessions on their new web site. 

About 20 girls applied, some even from places halfway around the world. Lisa hand-picked ten of them based on their photos and the extensive checklists they had to fill out. The lucky ones arrived this morning and Anna already took pictures of all of them for future reference. 

The schedule for the rest of the day includes an example session for the applicants with toys Rick and Lynn. Then, after a short break, Lisa will host a competition for the new girls. Afterwards, she will determine who will stay and who gets sent home. 


Chapter One: A first taste of Mistress Lisa

Just after lunch, Lisa called her masochists Rick and Lynn to her largest basement playroom, where she already gathered the new applicants for the open positions. Photographer Anna was also present, constantly filming bits of footage with a handheld camera and taking snapshots with another digital photo camera.

Lisa was looking for four girls: three submissives and one dominant for her new web video production department. In addition to that, Lisa had a little surprise in store for her friends: there were two very young looking girls standing next to her.

It was no secret that she was looking to get her hands on two young teenagers to educate and mold for future use. She always talked about how she wanted to train a very young domme by taking a teen girl and letting her witness and document (and maybe even plan) her torture sessions. She also wanted a submissive that way. Maybe she finally found good candidates. 

Lisa looked stunning as always, dressed in her black and red leather cupless corset, white latex skirt plus bra and black latex thigh-high boots with 4 inch heels, she towered over the group of girls. She'd recently dyed her shoulder-length auburn hair to a raven black, which nicely contrasted her pale face featuring the most piercing green eyes you'd ever see. 

"Here are some people I would like you to meet," she said to the group. "You've already seen Anna, my photographer, this morning. She'll be here all day. And these two are my toys Rick and Lynn. They will help me show you what I do and what I expect from you. After a little demonstration, I will give you all an opportunity to be at the center of the action. "

"Another one of my toys is kind of preoccupied in THAT room," she said while pointing to what we refer to as 'Hole 2'. All that the new girls saw, was a small 2 by 4 ft&nbsp; hatch-like door about 3 feet up in the wall on the other end of the room. A bright red light hung above the door. "I'll quickly introduce you to her before we get started with these two here," Lisa added, "Come with me!"

She led the group toward 'Hole 2', the second of three doors in the back wall. The lights above the other doors were turned off. 

"These are my three punishment holes. And trust me, boy do they work wonders on uncooperative toys," She cackled.&nbsp; "In a few moments, I will introduce you to the lovely Elisa, who will not be participating in today's events. She has been a bad toy and is being punished for it. She will have about 10 more hours to rethink her decisions and I hope she will adjust her attitude when this session is over. Let's see how she is doing!"

She unlocked the door and swung it open. It was dark inside, but there two feet with their toes pointing downward on the left and right side of the opening in the wall. Elisa's ankles were shackled to the metal slab resembling a medical stretcher, that she was kneeling on. Lisa pulled the metal slab out of the opening by a handle bars at the end. It seemed to work like the way a coroner stores bodies, only this "room" had a little more space. 

Elisa was now fully visible in the light. She was on her knees, with her ankles in metal shackles on the slab. Her lower legs strapped to the slab handles with narrow belts, making it impossible for her to shift her position. She was naked, except for her restraints and hooded head, which was face down against the slab. If you looked closely, you could see her lips pressing against a small black square block on the slab. It was about 4 by 4 inches wide and not even an inch in height. 

Anna moved around the slab, panning her camera from Elisa to her new audience, while some of the new recruits expressed their amazement and shock about the predicament of the girl.

The arms of the slender girl were bound together on her back with a rope binding them from her wrists to her elbows. Her upper body, with her ribcage clearly visible through her tight skin, was "resting" on a narrow metal box with some switches, buttons and lights on it.

"Meet Elisa," Lisa said to the group. "As you can see, she is quite tied up at the moment. Doesn't that look comfortable? Now let me show you what she has gotten herself into."

"I'll start here," she said, pointing between the girl's legs. "Look at this skinny piece of ass! She is quite filled up at the moment. Don't you girls love the bruises and welts from last night's caning? I put an inflatable butt plug up her tight hole and as you can see, her cunt is nicely filled up as well. You may wonder what that is that I stuck in there. Anyone want to guess?"

Anna pointed her camera at the new girls to film their responses. 

A moment of silence, then one of the girls watching said: "It looks like a thick metal dildo with an electrical wire attached to it. But I also see the metal chain connecting this heavy weight to it. Makes me wonder why the dildo doesn't slide out."

"Good observation," Mistress replied, "I'll show you what it..." 

At that moment Elisa's head jerked upwards and she was gasping for air. She was breathing heavily. Now she had lifted her head off the slab and her chest off the metal box, more of her predicament was instantly revealed. 

As her head jerked up, she exposed a thick black rubber dildo which pointed straight up from the slab. It stood at least 10 inches tall on top of the small 4x4 inch block that her lips were pressed against previously. 

"Ooh's" and "Aah's" emerged from the mouths of the girls who were watching every inch of the scene. 

We now got a good look at her chest. Her small tits looked like purple tennis balls. They were apparently big enough to bind at the base, and as she moved her body up, it was apparent that Lisa had used two short skewers to pierce each of her areolas all the way through from left to right, behind her large nipples. Connected to the skewers were small metal chains running down to the side of the slab. A heavy weight pulled on her areolas through those chains. Both her nipples were clamped with alligator clamps that were connected to the metal box with electrical wires.

Elisa's torso was red. Marks, dots and trickles of blood were scattered across her chest. A glance at the top of the metal box explained why: it was covered with rows and rows of sharp pins and needles in different shapes, sizes and lengths that pressed into her skin every time she laid down on it. Still catching her breath, she started moaning and shrieking through her hood.

"Good!," Mistress Lisa said, "this will help me explain to you what Elisa here is doing. This metal box here, with the always comfortable pins on top, is an electrical unit. It's connected to the clamps on toy's nipples and also to the tube in her cunt that we were talking about. From the sounds she is producing, I guess she is receiving some nice jolts right now."

"You may notice that there's also a wire running towards the black dildo in front of her. She will probably take that dildo through her ring gag and down her throat again any moment now&nbsp; She wants to press her lips tightly against the metal ring at the bottom of it. Cause that is the only way for her to stop the electrical current from flowing to her tits and cunt!"

And that was exactly what happened. Elisa bent forward over the pins and needles, inhaled, struggled a little, but quickly pressed the tip of the dildo through her ring gag, into her mouth and down her throat until her lips were firmly pressed against the metal ring at the bottom.

"Good girl!," Lisa cooed, "I'm sure you will think twice before refusing to suck any cock I want to put down your throat! Plus, you probably will be able to hold it down longer after this little training exercise!"

She turned to the new girls again and said: "Where were we? Oh yes, that metal tube. I'll show you. It's quite a devious invention. I own a couple more. You never know how many holes you have to fill, you know?"

She slid the slab back into the wall and closed the door behind Elisa. Then she walked up to one of the many wall cabinets and opened a drawer. She took out a long metal tube with an eye bolt at the bottom, just like the one that was pushed up Elisa's cunt. Holding it up to the group, she said: "watch!"

Everyone watched as she held the device between the index finger and thumb of her left hand. It was a metal tube of about 10 inches long and about 1 1/2 inches wide. One end was shaped like a tennis ball, the opposite end had the eye bolt. While the 'tennis ball' looked like it had been perforated with tons of tiny holes, the side of the actual tube had aligned grooves in it.

Lisa stuck her index finger of her other hand through the eye bolt and pulled it out. As she pulled, dozens of short metal pins pushed out through the holes in the ball end, and even more stood up like evenly spaced umbrellas from the grooves, making the tube appear like a metal porcupine.

Anna was taking snapshots of the reactions that the new girls gave: some eyes widened and some jaws dropped. Some girls just had a blank stare as if they were in a boring class in school. And one of the youngsters looked mesmerized. 

"Think of Elisa," Mistress said. "She has one of these buried deep inside her. As you can see, it is quite large by itself, but fully expanded, it's a truly evil contraption. The pins down the shaft of this tube are not all that sharp. But they do not need to be, either. They fan out like an umbrella when weights are added to the eye bolt. With the pins pressing downward and outward into the tender flesh, it is basically impossible to pull the tube out of a cunt. See this plug here? Allows me to connect a wire and send electrical current through the pins. Exactly how I like it."

She let go of the bolt and the pins retracted. "There's more where that came from," She added, "I'll make sure you will all get to see and experience some other delightfully devilish contraptions." Then she put it back in the drawer, turned around and faced the girls again and said:

"More than half of you lot will not make the cut. I am only looking for three pain sluts and one sadist. And since there are ten of you now, I expect to see some competitive spirit. Give it your all today, and I might give you a chance."

"First I'm going to show you some random play with Rick and Lynn here. The lovely Sarah and Eva will assist me when needed. They will also help me tonight to determine which of you are worthy of selection. After our little demonstration, I will separate the masochists from the sadists," she pointed out. Then she raised her voice towards the teens and said: "Girls, strip my toys and prepare them the way we discussed!"

Sarah and Eva were dressed in matching, see-through and skin-tight latex catsuits and black high heel boots. One of them was platinum blonde, the other a redhead. They both already carried at least a full c-cup at their young age. 

"Rick here is the only male toy I have," Lisa said, while Eva, the redhead, introduced herself to him and told him to take off his clothes. Lisa continued: "I use him for my personal satisfaction and in addition to that, he is a willing toy in my training sessions for new mistresses. He also has a very sadistic side and I regularly let him punish bad girl toys on his own."

"I will demonstrate to you all," she continued, "what kind of behavior I expect from my toys. My agreement with Rick, Lynn, Elisa and Daphne --whom you haven't met yet-- is that they give their bodies to me as soon as they cross the threshold of the play rooms in this building. Inside these walls, they do as I say with no questions asked. They enjoy the pain I inflict on them and they expect me to deliver the goods and up the ante every single time. They may even taunt me or present me with a dare at times. I appreciate that. And that is what I expect from all of you. There are no limits here except necrophilia, involuntary amputation/castration and death."

While Lisa explained to the girls how things worked around here, Eva helped Rick strip. Sarah and Lynn were just a few feet away. Lynn took off her panties.&nbsp; She had an amazing body. Tight, toned, hairless from the neck down and with an amazing pair of D-cups. She had a real hourglass figure and as much as I'd love to say it was all natural, I wouldn't be telling the whole truth. 

All of Lisa's girl toys were molded in a specific way. The molding could include food and exercise programs, training, hormone treatment and also surgery. Lynn had a couple of ribs removed to create a narrow waist that was out of proportion with the rest of her body. Corset training did the rest. Her tits were natural, though, with a little help from a hormone treatment. Mistress Lisa did not want any implants in any of her toys. 

Both Rick and Lynn were completely naked. Rick was hairless from his head down as well. He stood about 6'2" tall and was in good shape, though not overly muscular. The first thing anyone noticed when looking at him, were his grotesquely enlarged and swollen nipples. After years of play, the consequent tissue damage and deliberate stretching with clamps and weights, his nipples were about an inch and a half long. They stood erect on his chest, drawing immediate attention to them. Below his soft but impressive cock hung his balls with a couple stainless steel ball stretchers. 

The two teens told Rick and Lynn to kneel down near a metal trolley table with a black cloth covering the top. Eva removed the cloth while Sarah positioned the two pain sluts on their knees and facing each other. 

Lisa made sure the group stood around the scene in a wide semi-circle, giving Anna enough space to walk around and film the action and the crowd's response. 

The top of the table was packed with small boxes and bowls filled with various items. Eva took something from one of the bowls and walked up to Rick. Kneeling next to him, she fiddled with his ball stretchers for a few moments, took them off,&nbsp; then walked back to the table. She grabbed a leather ball parachute with spikes on the inside and told Rick to put it on. After he put it in place, she connected a rope to the ring dangling from the parachute and led it behind him. She walked a few feet away from him and pulled the rope through a pulley system that was dangling from the ceiling. She then hung a weight from the musketon hook at the end of the rope, which pulled the ball parachute away from his body.

While Eva was preparing Rick, Sarah and Mistress Lisa were busy with Lynn.&nbsp; Lisa used some castration band pliers to bind Lynn's nipples off at the base of her areolas. She was able to grab quite a bit of nipple and areola inside the castration band. Lynn's bound nipples looked the size of pingpong balls. Lisa then took a thin red rope and tied Lynn's tits very tight at the base, making them bulge like melons. They quickly started to turn a nice shade of dark red.&nbsp; Lynn ran her hands over her tightly stretched tits and squeezed her nipples for a few moments while Lisa moved her attention to Rick. She also used castration bands on his nipples and areolas. With the bands on both his nipples, they looked even bigger than before. He too squeezed his nipples as if he were testing the bands. 

Lisa then instructed Eva and Sarah to get more stuff from the trolley table and within seconds they returned with more gear. Sarah held an inflatable buttplug in her left hand. With her right, she pulled a wooden block on wheels right next to Rick and Lynn. Eva also carried a buttplug in one hand. In the other she had a dildo-shaped metal tube that looked similar to the one Lisa had demonstrated earlier. 

"Very well," Lisa said. "First I will show you what I have chosen for Lynn to endure right now. This metal dildo is similar to the one you saw previously. Look, when I pull this eye bolt at the base, spikes push out."

She pulled and indeed there were spikes coming out all around the dildo. Instead of fanning out like an umbrella, these spikes pushed out straight. The metal tube was about two inches wide and 8 inches long. The spikes were almost half an inch long when fully pushed out, giving the device quite some girth when fully expanded. 

"But these are special spikes," Lisa continued. "They are basically hollow needles, all 60 of them, see, there are 12 rows of 5 spikes all around. I'm going to fill the center of the tube with a fluid right now. When the tube is inserted later, the pressure from the pull on the eye bolt will squirt the fluid through the hollow needles into Lynn's tender pussy."

She gestured to Eva to grab something else from the trolley. Eva quickly returned and handed two bottles and a syringe&nbsp; to Lisa, who said: "I have two fluids here, a formic acid solution, which is basically a synthetic bee venom, and hot sauce with crushed peppers. Lynn, here you go. I will let you choose which fluid goes into the tube. But beware, the other fluid will be used as a lubricant for this session."

"You are to fill the tube and insert it yourself. The bottles each hold 10 ounces of fluid. Half of that goes into the dildo, the other half into this syringe. Before you insert the tube, you will inject both your nipples and Rick's nipples with the fluid in the syringe. Rick will then lubricate the two butt plugs and the metal tube with the other fluid. Is that clear?"

Lynn smiled, nodded and said "Yes, Mistress" and accepted the bottles from Lisa. One of the bottles contained a clear fluid, the other a red fluid. Lynn put down the red one and opened the other one. She grabbed the metal dildo, unscrewed the bottom ring, poured the fluid in and closed the tube up again before giving it to Rick. She then filled the syringe through the needle, while Rick lubricated the buttplugs and metal dildo with the hot sauce. 

Seemingly unfazed with a serious and concentrated look on her face, Lynn then proceeded to inject both her nipples with the formic acid. She bit her lip as she slid the needle in. Not from the side, but&nbsp; straight from the front, she inserted the needle about an inch into her swollen and bound nipples, slowly pulling the needle out as she squirted the acid into her tender flesh. 

"See what a good girl she is," Lisa cooed to her audience. "A good toy knows how to inject her own nipples. The acid will burn their nipples from the inside, causing great irritation even when I'm not directly inflicting pain on them. But trust me. I WILL be inflicting a great deal of pain directly on those bulging tits. 

Lynn leaned over to Rick and injected his nipples in the same way. He helped her a little by holding his nipples straight as she pushed the needle in from the front, but he turned his head away, closed his eyes and gritted his teeth as she slowly pulled the syringe back out and squeezed the venom into his nipples.&nbsp; The thin injection needle didn't seem to cause either of them any real discomfort, but both toys were visibly affected by the quick effect of the acid fluid. Sarah picked up the syringe and Eva cleaned up the bottles when Lynn was done. 

"Now bend over, slut," Lisa shouted to Lynn, "It's about time we fill up your holes! Girls, help Rick with his plug while I plug Lynn!"

A minute later, both toys were fitted with their inflatable butt plugs. Lisa and Eva made sure the plugs were nicely distended. Sarah rolled the wooden block on wheels in front of Rick while Lynn slowly inserted her metal dildo. Mistress Lisa prepared a rope, weight and pulley system almost identical to Rick's and connected it to the eye bolt on the metal tube, which was now fully inserted in Lynn's pussy. The difference with Rick's rope was, that Lynn's rope ran straight down through a ring in the floor before being led up to the pulley on the ceiling. That way, the rope would pull the eye bolt on the metal dildo straight down when enough weight was added to the other end of the rope.&nbsp; The weight was, for now,&nbsp; just heavy enough to tug on the rope, but it did not yet pull the eye bolt down. Lynn now kneeled with her legs spread a little. 

Satisfied with Lynn's preparation, Lisa went over to Rick, who was kneeling behind the wooden block. Lisa moved the block towards Lynn, positioning it an inch from the girl's knees. She grabbed Rick by his semi-hard cock and pulled him against the block. The weight on the rope connected to his ball parachute flew up a few feet behind him. Rick and Lynn were almost positioned against eachother, with only a few inches between their chests. Lisa gestured to Sarah and the teen grabbed a small basket and a thin bamboo stick from the trolley table and handed them to Lisa. 

"No," Lisa said, "keep the stick and hit his cock three times as hard as you can. Aim for the head. "

The girl took the stick back and struck down on Rick's cock without any hesitation. "Whack!" Rick gasped for air. 

"You can do better than that, girl," Lisa encouraged Sarah. "Just pretend it's a nasty cockroach and you have to kill it in one strike." The girl chuckled and moved the stick up and down to measure her aim. 

"Whaaack, whaack," the girl really put some power into it this time. Rick closed his eyes and grunted behind his clenched jaws. "That's enough," Lisa interrupted, "see how he's getting nice and hard. I knew he'd like that."

Lisa squatted down next to her slave and stroked his cock until it was hard enough for her liking. "Now where's that lubricant?" she asked. Eva quickly fetched it for her. Lisa took a metal rod from the basket and covered it in the hot sauce.&nbsp; "Girls, this is what we call a sound," she said while she held the rod up for all to see. "I've covered it in hot sauce and I'm going to insert it into Rick's cock here." Slowly, Lisa pushed the 6 inch rod up Rick's urethra until about half an inch was still sticking out.

"Girls," she said to Eva and Sarah, "I now need you to pick a side. One of you will need to go over to the weight that is hanging from the rope on Rick's ball parachute and the other will go to Lynn's rope connected to her metal dildo."

Then she pointed to the back of the room. "There are more of those weights in the black cabinet over there. You need the same size as the ones already used; they are 1 lb each. I will let you know when to add the next one."

Lisa turned a small wheel on the side of the wooden block and demonstrated to her audience how rows of small sharp spikes rose up from inside of the block and sank down again. "I have three&nbsp; straps here," she explained. "They go through small loops on the surface of this block. I will now strap Rick's hard cock tightly to the top of this block. One strap at the base of his cock, one in the middle and one right behind his cock head. Then I will weigh his cock head down with a thin wire pulling to the other side of the block. 

She proceeded to tightly pull a loop of metal wire around the base of his cock head and down the other end of the block. There she connected it to a adjustable slide, making sure his cock head was stretched forward and down with a lot of pull. She then fitted the tree leather straps, that were about half an inch wide, and pulled them very tight, securing his cock, with the sound still inserted, against the wooden block. Then she turned the wheel far enough to push the spikes at least half an inch out of the block. Rick grunted a little. 

Lisa walked over to a table with a laptop on it. She touched the computer and the sound of a little ringing bell played. "That's your signal, girls," she said to Eva and Sarah, "every three minutes this sound will play, until I turn it off. Every time you hear it, you will add 1 lb of weight to your ropes. Understood?"

The two teens nodded, went over to pick up their first additional weight from the designated cabinet and added it to the rope. 

"One more and Lynn will start feeling some spikes," Lisa explained. " At 10 Lbs, that's 8 weights from now; or 24 minutes; the hollow needles will be at their maximum width and all acid will have been pushed into Lynn's pussy.&nbsp; By that time, Rick's balls will be nicely stretched as well. In the meantime, I have a task for my toys."

As she walked up to the trolley to pick up something else, she explained the task for everyone to hear: "Toys, look what I have here for you!" She held two strings in her hands. "18 inches of fishing line and a nice sharp needle. I tied a knot in the outer end of the line, so it won't easily slip out. We wouldn't want that, now would we?"

 "Here's the deal: you will both get a needle and fishing line. You will each pierce your right nipple and thread the fishing line through it until you reach the knot. Then you will pierce the other's corresponding nipple and proceed to sew your nipples TIGHTLY together.&nbsp; The first toy to successfully thread the full length of the fishing line through your nipples, will win. And with that I mean: the whole length of the line needs to be sewn through your combined nipples and when I pull on the needle, I should not be able to expose more fishing line by pulling. I'd guess you'd need at least 20 stitches to finish the whole line."

She walked over to Lynn and Rick and handed them the needles and fishing line. "You're only allowed to sew through the areola and nipple that have been bound off with the castration bands. And finally, the winner will choose to either undergo or perform an exquisite bonus torture on the other. I will choose a depraved surprise and the winner will decide to undergo or perform without knowing what the punishment will be. You may start sewing when the bell rings!"

Sure enough, the bell rang not even twenty seconds later and the two toys started pushing the needles through their nipples as the two teen co-mistresses added another lb of weight to the rope.

 The audience watched with open mouths as Rick and Lynn started to sew their nipples together. The two slaves were kneeling close to each other, with their chests almost touching. You'd think this would be an advantage, but Lynn's spiked dildo and Rick's strapped cock limited their movement so much, that it was quite hard for them to execute the task. 

"Isn't this great entertainment?! I fucking love it!" Lisa shouted. "To make things even more interesting, I will perform a small punishment on each of you when the bell rings."

Even though the two slaves had a hard time pushing the needles through, they made some progress. By the time they started sewing, their nipples and Lynn's tits had already turned a very dark red from the castration bands, the rope bondage and the acid injections. Sewing through a nipple is no easy task and mistress Lisa had equipped them with very sharp needles suited for sewing leather. It didn't take long for the first droplets of blood to trickle down their stomachs. 

Mistress Lisa's games sometimes involved lots of blood. That was one of her fetishes. She said she liked the smell and the dramatic effect of it. This game seemed to fit that bill.

When the bell rang again, more weights were added to the metal dildo and the spiked ball parachute. Mistress Lisa inflated the slaves' butt plugs some more and grabbed a riding crop. She whacked Rick's ball parachute a couple of times with it and she used the bamboo stick on Lynn's ass. The sharp pain from these impacts distracted the slaves just enough to slow them down in their sewing process. 

At some point, Rick seemed to take a clear lead, with his fishing line starting to get visibly shorter than Lynn's. Their chests were a bloody mess by now. At this point, Lisa lighted a candle and dripped hot wax on her toys' backs, only to whip it off again with the crop. This continued for a while. The sewing seemed to go slower and slower as the slaves' nipples were threaded with numerous stitches of fishing line and slow streams of blood trickled down their stomachs. After about 20 minutes, Rick had 3 inches of line left, Lynn at least 5.

Anna made sure she captured most of the action on film and also took plenty of still images with her camera. 

It took Rick another 5 minutes to finish up his line, and in the meantime the endurance of both slaves was thoroughly tested with 10 lbs of weight pulling on Rick's spiked ball parachute, stretching his scrotum obscenely behind him; and Lynn's spiked dildo, which by now was fully extended with the needles pushed out all around. 

Rick stopped sewing. He looked exhausted. His hands were covered in wet and dried blood. Mistress Lisa noticed it and said: "I think we have a winner!" Lynn also stopped. Lisa went over and started inspecting her toy's nipples. They were thoroughly sewn together, though Lynn's fish line was still about three inches long. Rick's line was just a little bit shorter than his needle.

"You think you're done, toy?" Lisa asked. "Yes, mistress, I can't turn the needle around to make another pass," he answered. Lisa grabbed the needle, tugged on it and tried to turn it around to try and push it through one more time. She couldn't. The fishing line was too short.

"Well, we DO have a winner!", Lisa exclaimed. "Congratulations to Rick! Now I'll show your audience what a great job you two have done! She took the bamboo stick and started hitting the two slaves' nipples. "Sarah, Eva, come here, will you?" she said while delivering more strokes to the tortured nipples. The girls rushed to her. "You're going to do a stress test for me. Sarah, stand behind Lynn and cup her tits. Squeeze tight just behind the castration ring. Eva, get behind Rick and do the same." The girls stepped over the ropes that were strung behind Rick and Lynn and bent over and grabbed around the toys' chests.

"Now try and pull away from eachother. Put some good force behind it to show the audience what capable toys I've trained," Lisa said. The two teens squeezed the slaves' dark purple areolas tightly and pulled back against the stitches. The skin on the slaves' nipples&nbsp; stretched somewhat, but the stitching appeared to be tight and strong. Lynn moaned as Sarah squeezed her tormented nipples some more. 

"That's enough!" Lisa said, and the two girls let go. "It's time for rewards and punishment. Toys, listen up carefully! Sarah and Eva will now slowly remove all weights from the ropes behind you. They will remove them one at a time. I will give you a trash bin and a pair of scissors to cut the fishing line that's sewn into your nipples. I want you to cut the line wherever you can and then slowly pull out all stitches. You will deposit the needle and fishing line pieces in the trash bin. While taking out the stitches, you will probably bleed some more. Maybe a lot. I want you to not pay any attention to that. Just let it run down your chests. When the weights are removed, I will take care of the ropes and the rest. Here you go!"

The cleanup had started. The teens removed the weights from the ropes as mistress Lisa handed her slaves their scissors and a trash bin. Rick and Lynn each took care of one side, and Lisa unstrapped Rick's cock from the wooden block and took the sound out. She also took care of the butt plugs and the metal tube that was stuffed up Lynn's sore pussy. Now free of the pulling weights, the spikes were retracted. Lisa slowly pulled it out in a twisting motion, revealing the slimy, blood-covered tube inch by inch. Lynn stopped taking out the fishing line for a few moments and clenched her teeth as Lisa pulled, it looked painful. A few small streams of blood ran down Lynn's thighs.

Lisa held the blood-covered tube up to the audience for a few seconds, then she put it on the trolley table and took off Rick's ball parachute. The slaves were as good as done taking out the fishing line and both were separated again, each making sure their own nipples were free of stitches.

"Get up, you two," Lisa yelled at them. They slowly complied and stretched their aching leg muscles. After a few moments of inspection, Lisa seemed satisfied with the work of her toys and she removed the castration bands from their areolas. More drops of blood seeped out. Lisa left the rope on Lynn's tits where it was. 

"Now it's time for the icing on the cake, so to speak," Lisa said. Sarah handed her a small wooden box. "Rick, you are the winner of this game. I am going to offer you a choice. Inside this box is something you and Lynn are going to play with. One of you will be tied up with a hood over their head and their hands behind their back and any additional bondage that they&nbsp; choose. The other will be able to move around. But beware! The one in bondage will instruct the other one what to do, along the lines of some very simple rules. The unbound one will have to carry out whatever is told to them without speaking back. Rick, do you choose to be in bondage for this game or not?"

Rick looked at the box, which was still closed, and hesitated for a few moments. "I would like an answer now," Lisa demanded. Rick looked over at Lynn and said: "I'll take the bondage on this one, let her be free."

"Very well," Lisa replied. "Now kneel down for me and hold your hands behind your back, so I can cuff them! Here, you hold this, but don't open it yet," she added as she handed the small box to Lynn. Rick did as he was told and Lisa put a set of metal handcuffs around his wrists. She also put a leather hood over his head. It blinded him, but kept his nose and mouth free. 

"Is there any additional bondage that you would like, toy?" she asked. "No," Rick replied, "I'll take whatever may come like this."

"Let's get on with it then!", Lisa said. "Open the box, my toy, and I will explain the simple rules of this game. Sarah, dear, will you get my laptop and come stand next to me?" Lynn opened the box as Lisa continued: "Your task is simple, Lynn. Rick's chest is covered in blood. You are going to lick him squeaky clean. I want all of the wet and dried blood gone, and you are only allowed to use your slutty tongue."

"There is a twist, though. Inside the box are five heavy gauge hypodermic needles. Even though they are thick, they are as sharp as a razor. They will slide through skin like a knife through butter. They won't hurt him much, but they will make him bleed. Before you start licking his skin clean, Rick will choose a number between 1 and 5. Sarah here will enter his choice into the laptop and the screen will show you where to insert the needle. You will take one needle from the box and shove it through the designated location from bottom to top.&nbsp; Then you will take it out and push it through from top to bottom. You will then proceed to lick the area surrounding the piercing until it's clean."

"Make sure to collect all fresh drops of blood as well. You will get 3 minutes. Then Rick will choose another number and we will continue the same way until all needles are used. If you fail to clean an area properly, I will punish you severely for it tonight, understood?"

Lynn nodded. "Remember last time I made Daphne lick you clean?" Lisa continued. "You know exactly what I want to see!" "Yes, mistress, I remember very well," Lynn added. 

When Lisa mentioned the session with Daphne from a few months ago, Lynn knew exactly what she meant.&nbsp; Daphne was given the same task that she now received and she lapped her tongue too slow for Lisa's liking. Lisa then showed her how it was done by putting a clamp on Daphne's tongue, making it impossible for her to retract it behind her teeth. Lisa then grabbed her head and grated Daphne's tongue over Lynn's freshly pierced pussy lips, which caused the needles to pierce through Daphne's tongue as well on several passes. The result was a literal bloody mess, which Lisa seemed to enjoy a lot. With a bleeding tongue, it's impossible to lick someone squeaky clean, and Daphne was punished severely for her failure to clean. 

Lisa addressed Rick again. "Give me your first number under six," she said to him. "Four," he replied without hesitation. Sarah entered the number into the laptop and instantly the screen revealed "right nipple". Lynn took a needle from the box, unwrapped it and took it between the index finger and thumb of her right hand. She knelt down in front of Rick and grabbed his right nipple with the fingers from her left hand.&nbsp; She tugged a little on it and positioned the needle to push it through from bottom to top. Lisa interrupted her: "Wait, take this, it will make it easier for you," and handed her a piercing forceps. 

Lisa used the forceps on Rick's nipple and pushed the needle though from bottom to top. It didn't seem to hurt him a lot. She quickly slid it out again and when she did, blood started seeping out. She let it trickle down and pushed the needle through from top to bottom. Then she dropped the forceps and pressed her lips directly against the needle, sucking on Rick's pierced nipple to clean up the blood. 

"Good girl, show these newbies how it's done," mistress Lisa encouraged her. "You have three minutes to clean the right side of his chest". The new girls reacted different to this game. Some were very focused, others looked shocked. One of the girls had her hand down her pants and was rubbing her crotch and licking her lips. 

Lynn started out sucking on the nipple and lapping her tongue around his chest. She was able to get quite some dried blood away but there was fresh blood running down from the fresh piercing. Eventually she cleaned up the area around his nipples and spent the last minute sticking her tongue behind the needle to catch some of the blood that was still trickling down. A bell rang, marking the three minutes. 

"Next number," Lisa said, matter-of-factly. "Two," Rick replied. Sarah's laptop showed 'left pussy lip / left side of cock head'. "Well," Lisa said, "since I didn't know who would be receiving this, I put both in. You know what to do, but first I want you to suck that cock hard. Here, put the ball parachute back on him and bind his cock at the base before you continue. And by the way, I think three minutes is too long. You have one minute for each needle from now on."

Sarah did as she was told and sucked Rick's cock until it was hard. She then unwrapped the second needle and hesitated for a second. It looked like she wanted to turn to her mistress and ask something, but she didn't. She decided to first pierce front to back and pushed the needle through Rick's hard cock head, with the needle tilted a little upward, so it came out on top of his head. Rick grunted heavily and blood seeped out as Lynn pushed the needle through. It dripped on the floor. 

"Catch it with your hands or your tongue, you dumb cunt!", Lisa yelled. "I'll have you lick the whole floor later on of you don't step it up!"

Probably afraid that more blood would spill, Lynn laid down on the floor under Rick's cock and took the head in her mouth as she pulled the needle out. She kept in there for a good 10 seconds, making it impossible for her audience to see how much blood squirted out. When she took the head out of her mouth, it was&nbsp; still dripping blood and Rick's cock was not as firm anymore. Lynn took the needle and stabbed it through his cock head back to front. A muffled scream came from Rick's hood. After a few seconds of lapping her tongue against his pierced head, the bell rang again. 

Lynn pulled away, but blood was still dripping from his cock. Lisa was unhappy. "You stupid bitch," she yelled. "Look! You failed this one and will receive an immediate punishment. Spread your legs!"

Lynn obeyed and spread her legs. Lisa bent down and parted the girl's pussy lips and clipped an alligator clamp straight on her clitoris. Lynn buckled together when the clamp snapped shut and the teeth sank into her tender clit. "You will leave that on until I tell you to remove it!", Lisa added. 

"Next number!"

"One, mistress", Rick replied. The laptop showed: 'right pussy lip / right side of cock head'. Lynn looked up to the screen as she got up to grab the third needle. Everyone in the room knew that this was going to get more intense by the second. Rick's cock was still bleeding from the first needle. There was no way Lynn would be able to clean up his cock in under one minute with another double piercing on the way. Anna walked around continuously to get photos from different angles. 

Lynn quickly went on her knees again, unwrapped the needle, rolled on her back with her head under his cock and grabbed it. She pushed the needle through from the front, pulled it out immediately and pushed it in again from the other side. She now had 8 puncture holes in his cock head from the two needles. A lot of blood was still dripping out. On top of that, she had the two needles sticking out the front of his cock, so she had to be careful of that when taking his head in her mouth. 

By now, most parts of her cheeks and face were covered in his blood. It dripped all over her and she had to do something to gain an edge, otherwise Lisa would punish her even more. She barely had 30 seconds to clean Rick's cock up, so she decided to just go for it. She rammed her lips against his cock head and sucked the blood off. Her tongue lapped frantically and she went back on her knees to lap at the top of his cock. She lapped front to back with total disregard of the needles and caught her tongue on the needles on a couple of passes.

As Rick was getting harder again, more blood flowed to his cock head and more seeped out into Lynn's mouth and onto the floor. She wasn't able to really clean anything up, as her own tongue was bleeding now from scraping over the needles. The bell rang again. 

"Tsk, tsk, girl," Lisa said to her. "I just warned you, and this is what you do? Kneel for me, slut!"

Lynn turned around and kneeled in front of Lisa, who told her to push her tits up. Then Lisa snapped two big clamps on Lynn's nipples. The girl shrieked in pain. The clamps were taken from a jumpstart cable, but there was no cable attached. Lisa grabbed the large clamp handles and roughly pulled them upward, almost lifting Lynn off the floor by her nipples.&nbsp; "Turn around, cunt!" Lisa yelled. "On your hands and knees, and spread those legs!"

Lisa reached between Lynn's legs and snapped two of the same clamps on her labia, this time drawing a low moan from Lynn.

"Next number!" 

"Five, mistress," Rick said. The laptop screen showed 'left nipple'. The same procedure as before was repeated, with Lynn lapping her bleeding tongue frantically over Rick's left nipple. She was exhausted and halfway through the minute, she just stopped with her tongue stuck against his nipple, impaled on the same needle. There was no point. Her own bleeding tongue made a bigger mess than his bleeding nipple. 

Lisa was furious. "Don't you remember what happened with Daphne?" she yelled at Lynn. "I will make sure you will endure worse if you don't increase your effort. That last needle goes straight through his cock head, slut. You better suck up every last drop of blood, sweat and tears on this one!"

Lynn was literally in tears by now. She was a mess with a bloody face, bleeding tongue, heavy metal clamps on her nipples and labia, her purple tits still bound with rope, an alligator clamp on her clit, not to mention her ravaged cunt with 60 puncture holes, filled with the synthetic bee venom that was also still burning her nipples and even her tongue, now that she sucked and licked Rick's blood mixed with the fluid that she previously injected in his nipples herself. 

The final needle went through Rick's limp cock twice, between the two needles that were already inserted. Lynn just took the whole thing in her mouth and sucked on it until the bell rang. Surprisingly enough, there wasn't much blood&nbsp; left when she was done. The left side of Rick's chest was a big mess, but the rest was pretty clean. 

Ignoring Lynn, Lisa walked over to Rick and took his hood off. He squinted his eyes adjusting to the light as she went on to remove his handcuffs. "Go shower and take those needles out," she said to him. "I will need you again later on with these new sluts. Be back in an hour. We'll be in the red room."

Turning to Lynn, she said calmly: "Take those clamps off. Wasn't that easy, eh? I thought you'd do better than this. Look at you. You WILL get your punishment tonight. Go join Rick now and have him clean you up, I also want you back here when you're taken care of."

Then Lisa turned to her new audience: "Now you've had a taste of what we do here, is there anyone who wants to leave?" No one responded. "Are you sure?" she asked. Again no response. "Very well then, let's go up for a snack. We will be back here in 20 minutes and then I will put some of you to the test.&nbsp; I want to find out how honest you've been on your application forms."

And with those words the introduction to Mistress Lisa and her toys came to an end.


----









Chapter Two:&nbsp; A Break

Daphne came down to get the girls and she was quickly introduced by Lisa as "my youngest and most perverted toy". She wore a short yellow latex dress that fit her body like a glove. Her bright blonde shoulder-length hair was put up in a small ponytail. On her platform heeled black boots, she still only stood 5'5" tall, with her heels being at least 4 inches. 

She was the shortest, shorter than most of the new girls, with an athletic body and a sizable chest. I knew she was Lisa's only toy to have permanent piercings. She had two big rings fitted through her areolas, right behind each nipple and also two flesh tunnels (she called them 'spacers') in her outer labia.&nbsp; Maybe the new mistresses would have a chance to play with them in a little while. 

Daphne said hi to the new girls and asked them to follow her. All the girls left the basement. Daphne led the girls upstairs and into the garden, where drinks and some snacks were waiting for them.&nbsp; Lisa asked her photographer to stay behind with her to prepare the room nextdoor for the next session. 

They walked up to the next room down the hall. Anna glanced over at the framed photos on the wall. She was proud to see her own work hanging between classic shots from Ken Marcus, Jim Weathers and James Mogul. 

"Sarah and Eva," she asked, "they're kinda young, aren't they?" Lisa looked at her and stopped for a second. "I knew you'd ask about them." she said. "They are young, yeah, but they really want to be here and eager to learn. Sarah, the blonde, is fifteen. Eva is almost a year older." 

"Wow, that's pretty young. How did you get them here?"

Lisa continued:&nbsp; "They are actually stepsisters. Kind of an extreme situation at home. Sarah lost her mom to cancer at an early age. Her dad, a real sicko, started molesting&nbsp; her when she was just 10. He remarried, with Eva's mom, and expanded his practices to his new stepdaughters. Eva's sister, who is now 19, eventually went to the police, who jailed the guy for a long time. Social services deemed the mother mentally unstable and put the three girls in foster care. Long story short: the oldest sister got custody when she turned 18 and the three lived together until she got together with some guy and kicked Sarah and Eva out."

"Nice family," Anna interjected as they walked into the "Red Room". 

"Yeah, you can say that again. So three weeks ago, I got a phone call from my friend Isobel, who works at social services. She says she has to find a place for this angry young girl, who stated in an interview that she "hates men" and is tired of families and stupid women. Isobel thought it'd be something I'd like, cause she knows about my desire for a young trainee. Only thing was, this girl had a stepsister that she insisted on staying with."

The room the two women entered was known as the 'Red Room' because of its red walls and interior. There was a big bondage chair/table in the middle of the room. It was the kind that was multifunctional. With the back lowered, it was a table, with the back upright, it was a chair. It could even be put upright (or upside down) like a standing cross. It had all kinds of customizable parts on it that would come in handy during an S/M session. 

Lisa continued her story as Anna looked around the room. 

"So I ended up taking both girls in. They've calmed down a lot. Sarah is bitter towards men because of her dad's actions. Eva, by contrast, liked the sexual attention her mom's new husband gave her. A very interesting dynamic, I think. They are very protective of eachother. Sarah has expressed to me that she wants to become a dominatrix, Eva just wants to experiment."

"So what are you going to do with them?" Anna asked. 

"They're going to just watch and learn and do some handywork for me for now, but I told both of them that they can participate anytime they want. It's really up to them, although I'd love to let Sarah and Rick play together without his knowledge." She laughed and thought of some great scenarios to play that out. 

The wall to the left of the Red Room was divided into two parts by a tall wooden open cabinet in the middle. On the left hand side, the wall was covered with hanging belts, chains and ropes in all lengths, shapes and sizes. To the right of the cabinet hung a large collection of whips, paddles and chained clamps. The cabinet was divided into several compartments and drawers. There were ball gags, various clamps and other toys, dildos and a bronze bust of a blindfolded girl with her boobs tied up. 

Against the red wall opposite of the door was a wide red leather couch. Above it hung a widescreen tv&nbsp; and a white neon sign that read 'No pain, no gain' in script letters. Next to the couch hung a remote control box from the ceiling. There was a computer terminal on the left side of the couch. 

The wall on the right was one big mirror. It made the room seem bigger than it actually was. In any case, it gave whoever played in here a good view of what was happening to them. It was also from that side that Anna always filmed and photographed the sessions in this room, to avoid catching her mirror image in a shot. There was another metal trolley table in front of the mirror. It was still empty. 

The wall with the door in it was also painted red. Next to the door on the long side were&nbsp; a red leather armchair and a trash bin. On the short side hung a fire extinguisher, as was the case in every play room in the house. 

The ceiling featured rows of bright but warm yellow lights. Scattered between the lights were various hooks, eye bolts and rope-and-pulley systems. And in the middle of the room, dead center above the bondage table, an electric winch was bolted to the ceiling. It was operated by the control box hanging near the couch. 

"Come," Lisa said, "help me get some of this stuff ready." she wheeled the trolley table towards the cabinet on the other side of the room and started putting stuff on top of the table. She asked Anna to arrange it. A ring gag, ball gag, strapon, inflatable butt plug, a box of needles, some candles and a lighter,&nbsp; a culinary torch and a set of syringes with a supply of unusually thick hollow needles that resembled thin meat skewers. She also put a white toilet brush inside a small bag and placed it to the far right of the table. 

Finally, she took a contraption with two 8" long metal bars that were connected with adjustable bolts and nuts and showed it to me. "Fits around any titmeat, small or large. And it can be tightened as needed with these nuts and bolts. See the holes that are evenly spaced along the length of the bars?" she asked Anna. Anna shook her head. "They are&nbsp; not just aligned for the bolts that are used to clamp the bars together. They also work great for skewering anything that is crushed in between! Please get me the other one there, will you dear?" she added. 

Anna grabbed the other one from the drawer and she noticed that there were many more in smaller but also bigger sizes. "Hold on," Lisa said, "get me two smaller sets as well. Take the 4 inch ones."

The photographer saw the smaller ones, but noticed that there were some different ones. "Which ones do you want?" she asked. "The ones with the smooth surface or the rough ones?"

"Get me the rough ones with the in- and outdented points," Lisa said. We'll save the cheese grater ones for later."

Anna handed her the rough bars. They were 4 inches long and a third of an inch wide. Wherever they were punctured to create holes, the edges were sharp and jagged. Somehow, though, if you pressed two of them together, the indented and outdented parts fit like a glove and all the holes lined up.&nbsp; She placed them on the table next to the bigger bars, turned around to Anna and said:

"I wonder how the girls will perform this afternoon, There are some interesting individuals there. I will let the sadists take turns abusing the submissives and Daphne.&nbsp; I want you to document the sessions in pictures. I'm going to run it as a competition, keeping track of scores on that computer screen," she said while pointing at the screen above the couch. At the end, I will perform a finale session with the leading slave and mistress. I want that one filmed for promo use on the website, maybe throw it on xhamster or something. Can you get the pictures ready for review after that last session? I want to get together with you, Rick, Eva and Sarah to determine which girls we'll keep."

"Yeah, no problem, just give me 20 minutes or so to sort the photos when we're done," Anna replied. 

"Ok, I'll be back in a bit, just set up your stuff in here. I'll be back in 5," Lisa said and then left the room. 

Anna went back to the hallway and grabbed her camera bag and tripod from underneath the stairway there. She brought some simple equipment for today. One HD camera for the tripod and one DSLR for the photo shots. 

Quickly she set up the video&nbsp; camera and tripod against the mirror wall, turned on the photo camera and flipped through the photos she took in the morning. 

She took portraits and full body nude shots of all of the girls. Lisa had them all write their names and ages on their chests with black permanent markers, so that we could easily identify them later. 

Flipping through the shots, there were some girls who stood out to her. 

Rachel, 22, was a small girl, around 4'10" with long raven black hair and piercing green eyes. She was thin, but had a softness about her, she wasn't all skin and bones, even though you could count her ribs. She had a general exotic look. Her pointy boobs were not too big, and her nipples well defined. Her photos looked like those of a pro model, especially the portrait.

Another one that stood out was 18 year old Petra. She had very long legs, an athletic build, long bright pink hair, big blue eyes and both her nipples pierced with barbells. She had the words "Hurt Me" tattooed on her lower, well-defined abdomen, just below the tan line from her bikini. Her natural, plump breasts were just as tan as the rest of her body. 

While browsing, Anna noticed that one of the girls had her name, Hilde, written on her chest, then her age was a mess. It said 18, but the writing was a second layer, the first was smudged.&nbsp; "Must just have turned 18 and messed up," Anna thought. Hilde's dark brown curly hair hung just above her shoulders. Anna took a closer look at her face. She did look kinda young and shy compared to the other girls. Petra, for example, looked much older, also at 18. And Hilde's body was not as athletic, it was more boyish. The only thing that really stood out were her oversized areolas and nipples. She had no tattoos or piercings. This was also definitely an interesting girl. 

"Miss Crazy J" was a stunning knockout. She was 20, tall, and very toned with well defined abs and leg muscles. Her ass was just to die for and she looked intense in her portrait shot with her platinum blonde hair with bright orange highlights and dark brown eyes. Her skin was very pale and dotted with tons of freckles. She wore a belly button piercing that has a silver cross hanging from it and her left leg was tattooed with a single snake crawling down it from her thigh to her foot. 

Lisa had really picked girls from the toned, skinny and thin variety. There wasn't one with really any meat on her bones, except for Emma. At 24, she was the oldest of the bunch. She was by no means fat, but had a nice curvy figure with big boobs and a luscious ass. Her olive skin had some kind of floral pattern either cut or branded into it on the right side of her stomach, starting underneath her right boob and running down to her hip. It had some red ink accents. 

Lisa came back in with a handyman's toolbox and she put it down on the bondage chair. 

"You picked some skinny gals for this audition," Anna said to her. 

"Yeah, you noticed that, didn't you? What can I say, they turn me on. From their ribcages to their tight asses. I just love their tight skin. Remember what I did with Elisa a while ago for that photoshoot?"

"That was intense!", Anna replied.

She knew exactly what Lisa was referring to. They did a shoot with Elisa bent backwards with her back arched. Lisa fisted her deep and tried to make all kinds of impressions on Elisa's abdomen by pressing her fingers and knuckles up against the tightened skin. It was intensely erotic. 

"Okay, I'm going to get the girls so we can get started, be right back!" Lisa said. 

Anna walked up to the toolbox that Lisa brought and opened it. In the different compartments were all kinds of sharp and pointy things: an ice pick, a Wartenberg wheel, a scalpel, small nail gun, a small hammer and an automatic stapler were on the left side, the right side contained boxes filled with fish hooks, sewing machine needles&nbsp; and refill cartridges for the stapler and nail gun. 

Anna closed the box and picked up her camera and put in a new CF memory card. She was ready to shoot. 

----




Review This Story
 || Email Author:     BruisedNipples


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





