BDSM Library - How I Met The Swensons




How I Met The Swensons
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     a long winded tale of my journey to find the perfect pain slave







 How I Met The Swensons
&nbsp; Chapter 1 Joey The Sad Donkey
 by roccodadom44
roccodadom6969@yahoo.com
an original story by roccodadom44

WARNING&nbsp; this story is fiction, contains violence, snuff, gay, underage, scat, please read with caution&nbsp;&nbsp; rocco

&nbsp; I was a victim, of my own success, having made millions by the time I was forty, done fashion models, movie stars, pretty boys, lived a wild life, an endless parade of willing cunt and ass, it wore me out, dulled me, became a screaming bore, in an act of desperation I cashed out, moved to Bar Harbor, would live a quiet life, close by Acadia National Park, like living in a dream land, lost in the parks ugly beauty, Cadillac Mountain looked dreary, all rock, little green, off set by the rolling Pine woods, hidden ponds and rivers, heaven on an island, surrounded by the angry Northeast Atlantic.

 Got through the first winter, a hostile enviroment, harsh winds, driven snow, frigid temps, the ocean mocking me, the solitude challenging my sanity, balanced against snow shoeing on the fresh snow, knowing I was the only one in the park, I was the keeper of the woods, plenty of animals to keep me company, deers, beavers, peregrine falcons looking so letahl, just circling, waiting, perfect predator.

 Started me thinking, needed a new kick, realized I couldn't run away from my self, I needed a lot of sexual release, it was gnawing at me, internet porn boring, I needed live cunt, live ass, missed the edge of dealing with real people, the unknown bringing its own level of excitement. Thought it out, my past got boring because all the cunt and ass wanted me, willingly did what I wanted, I had money, power, was good looking, in shape, nine inch, fat fuck stick, of course they wanted me. That was it, like the falcon, I needed to take what I wanted, if the other party didn't like, all the better, needed to explore my violent kink side. 

&nbsp; Had the best fantasies of me abusing cunts, boys, everyone, other than OTK spankings, a few rough sex sessions with faggy boy models, I had repressed those urges, now knew they had to be brought out, there was a great deal of potential for jump starting my complacent sex drive, the images of me hurting a weepy cunt got my wood dripping, twitching with passion, this would need to be done, how I would need to study, the internet a godsend for a pervert, could get answers to all my questions, how I made my fortune, study the shit out of a problem, take the surest road, thats how you make money, see if it worked for human flesh.

 It worked, plenty of desperate cunt and ass out there, my ad asking for live in slaves got many responses. Sure, a lot of phonies, blowhards and mentally disturbed folks, but I had seven keepers, people who might really be submissive, really be into pain, really might be close to giving their souls away, only needed one to pan out, figured I had good odds, not a bad starting point. Those I chose as promising included three single guys, two single women, and a couple, had a good cross section of sexuality, give me a better chance at achieving my desired results, owning a pain and fuck doll, really owning them, reducing that slave to subhuman status, treating their mind and body as mine to abuse, the slave removed from society, cut off from any outreach, completely mine to do with as I choose, that was my end game.

&nbsp; I decided to start with Joey, from Manchester NH, a twenty two year old fag, claimed he needed abuse and humiliation from a father figure, we shall see. His pic sexy, skinny, hairless, his skin so white, long blond hair, no muscle, just taut young flesh. He was willing to meet me at my bar of choice, seedy side of Manchester. He seemed desperate, nice, directed him to present himself to me, I would have a corner booth, secluded, allowed me to sample a victim in semi public. He had my pic, I was dressed, never showed my assets, always maked slaves wait, earn the right to view my superior being.

 The boy was wimpy, looked seventeen, made him show me his ID, no chances with underaged shit, at least online, to many scams, he was 22, tiny boy, toy boy. He was nervous and excited, licking his ruby red lips, a little sweat on his brow, his voice sexy girly, the way he looked into my eyes, needy, his soul begging me to give him what he craved, who was I to deny him.

&nbsp; He worked at a chain convienance store, selling lottery tickets and no name smokes to nearly dead dreamers, classic loser was tiny Joey, no future, no way to avoid the dull rut he was in, well, I could change that. He would never have to worry about money, slaves didn't need money, Joey to dull to figure this, he wanted to believe I was his fairy godmother, not quite, wrong fairy tale, I was the big bad wolf.

 He was total fag, accepted his station, all well and good, but a slave had to embrace pain, extreme humiliation, cum dumps were a dime a dozen, pain toys were hard to come by, pun intended. He had no problem eating my deep hucked spit that I discreetly dripped into his empty water glass, licking his lips after, his thanks sincere, his eyes becoming shiny with lust, fag. He took my hard fondling of his balls under the table with minimum ado, felt his cock stirring, Joey liked a little discomfort.


&nbsp; These meetings always are decided quick, pretender or player, my ability to judge my gift. Joey was keeper simply because he was cute, in a needy boy way, would definitely fuck hard and dirty, could be easily overpowered and he was available. Watching his round ass swing as he walked ahead of me towards my car, his painted on jeans defining his glorious cheeks, the way his jeans crawled into his deep ass valley, mm mm, his ass was shaking so sexy, boy was born to be rutted, cock teaser. 


 His glee at my CTS-C Cadillac, he knew the fucking MSR, gold digger, I would make him pay. The way his lips worked my throbbing nine inches, boy could suck, I hardly remembered who suggested he slobber my rod while I drove to my room at the local no name motor court. Love the motor court, park the car feet from your room, hustle the slut in, work it, feet out to the car, ditch the fag, what a deal. The boy was an avid sucker, many boys and girls sucked cock because they did, they didn't enjoy it, Joey seemed to crave it, he made the cutest slobbering noises, his drool soaking my ass and pants. I mustered the will to stop him, he wasn't draining my full balls that easy, he would suffer for my juice.

&nbsp; His body was girlish, preteen girlie, hot, hot, his ass perfect, smooth white globes of fun, his chest flat, topped by ruby red plump nipples, begging to be sucked, I did, he moaned, his cock leaked precum. His boner was four inches long, sad but not freaky short, but the width was priceless, he was a true pencil dick, his cock head looked silly sitting on his thin tube, like a mini tulip. How he dug my verbal abuse, my words cutting like a whip, reducing him to his failures, real and percieved, building him a jones, his excuse to submit fully.

 The ability of him to cum, untouched, my words driving him to release, how he swayed on his feet, his passion deep, his cum spraying across the room, that I was teasing him that I was going to take him to a nearby known rest stop, always plenty of action, tie him up naked and leave him, that would happen, maybe not leave him, but certainly gangbang him hard and sloppy. How exciting to subject a slave to much bareback fucking from dirty trolls, a life and death case of Aids roulette, all slaves should live on the edge, made them much more devoted.

 His cuming on his own gave me my first shot at paining him, his acceptance of this reality nice, though I suspected he assumed I would bare bottom spank him, or something similar, well our Joey was no thinker. He submitted to my bonding him, metal cuffs, tight, threaded through the heavy chain choke collar, how cute he looked, his hands at his chin, as if praying. The leg spreader cuffed to his ankles, again I cuff to hurt, the metal already chaffing his delicate skin, legs spread comically wide, his whines, his chokes, my laughs, everytime his hands struggled he choked himself, really choked himself, turned blue several times, mm mm.

 As I bent him over the cheap, round, imitation wood motel table, three feet around, he realized his vulnerability, his tears real, tough shit, as I secured his torso to the table legs, leaving his glorious cheeks taut and ready for whipping and fucking as I studied his perfect anal ring, the tiny balls he had looked, like all of him, weak, he was more girl than man, no doubt. He whined at my bare handed spanking, moaned at my frenzied cropping of his cheeks and back of his thighs, pissed when I worked the cane, then it happened.

 As I striped his fag body, drawing little lines of blood here and there, he started making the most annoying braying sounds, like a riled up donkey. Every sadist loves his victims sounds of pain, food for our souls, but this was fingernails scratching blackboard wincing. I caned, he brayed, honked, snorted, it was eating into my brain, I caned harder, you guessed, he got louder, fuck.

 I donned headphones, blasted ACDC on eleven, really savaged his cute little butt, ripped his taut thighs to a bloody series of sexy stripes,mm mm. My cock went deep first stab, how tight his boy pussy, milked his little willy, worked his swinging BBs till his ass started to swing, rubbing salt on his bloody ass got his rectum vibrating on my cock, quite the ride. Had the control to pull my bloody, shit coated cock from his gaping pussy, down his throat, nothing like a choke fuck to get that little extra charge, my balls churned up a baby batter blast of epic proportions, his vomit following my sated wood out of his nasty pie hole.

&nbsp;&nbsp; As I recovered, sipped my beer, eyed the sobbing, still stretched out fag, his body covered in streams of blood, his anus leaking bloody shit, he was making his extremely bothersome noise, albeit softly, pondered removing his tongue, I mean this bitch was prime meat, born to be used. Lifes a bitch, figured he was annoying enough to cause me to snuff him, and I only snuffed superb victims, no sense risking life in a monkey cage for an average white fag.

&nbsp; His surprise, shock, then tears of pity for himself, as I dragged him naked to the car, threw him in the spacious trunk. I dropped him naked at a known biker bar, gave him a hard sucker punch, he dropped like he meant it, I threw his clothes at him, tipped over a couple of the bikers hogs, while my tires burned out of there, my last sight in the rear view mirror was faggy Joey getting a nasty biker group stomp, ha ha, swore I could hear that obnoxious braying all the way home to Acadia, fag.

end chapter 1
 

 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   roccodadom44


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





