BDSM Library -  Population Control




 Population Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   In Rotneb Province in Doesia in future world 18 year girls culled if they fail school examination, Ann and Tina true story is here






Special population control a long time in the future in the area of Nagatoya Rotneb Province

Tina stood by the noticeboard in&nbsp; Nagatoya high school anxiously checking her position in class, she had missed two days classes and she was worried that she might have slipped out of the top group, she scanned down, "Oh gosh!" she exclaimed, "I am only one place above the cull zone!"

Anamatusa put a reassuring hand on her shoulder, "It makes no difference you are a Merican, you do not have to be culled for failure."

"Oh but Anna I do, I was born in Nasagaki in Rotneb province so I am a citizen!"&nbsp; Tina explained.

"Oh dear," Anamatusa," consoled her, "But you are safe this time, will you come with me to the selection tonight?"

"Of course Anna, perhaps fat Maria will be culled and we can all have some lovely human meat burgers."

"Yes," Anna replied, "There will be enough for packed lunches for a week!" she laughed until tears ran down her cheeks and Tina joined in and laughed so much she nearly wet herself.

The School stood on a hillside and they watched for a moment as the sad slave workers pulled ploughs and farm carts as they struggled to grow enough food.&nbsp; "I think that was a man once," Tina said pointing to a bare chested slave struggling with a plough.

"Yes look at those breasts, they would have been harvested if he was a woman." Anna agreed.

"No look at his powerful buttocks," Tina said, wistfully, "Just think of the cock he would have had if he hadn't been neutered as a slave.

"No he is a Sumo," Anna explained, "He hides his cock and balls up inside his pelvis and pretends to be a neuter."

"Like yeah, get real," Tina laughed.

The walked happily the few yards to their rooming house where they shared a double room with four other girls and had to sleep three to a bed.

"I have some lovely Lentil soup for your supper," Mrs Yakamoto greeted them, "And Mituko caught a rat earlier so we will have meat for supper!"

"A rat, are they not protected animals under the Act of 2109?" Tina asked.

"Oh yes, but they are delicious!" Mrs Yakamoto agreed, "Oh Mimsu was graded 99 out of his century," she added.

"He is very stupid," Anna agreed.

"He will have his balls cut off on Thursday and assigned to a work program." she beamed, "So I shall still see him on visiting day every five years!"

"That is good news!" Tin agreed, "But I want to be a Geisha."

"Yes, she can pick up wine bottles with her cunt muscles already and she is hoping to get some wall nuts to crack as well," Anna added, "She hurt my fingers squeezing them the other day!"

Tina watched the Geriatric patrol trot by, eight well muscled eunuchs in matching yellow coveralls pulled the cart as the officials prowled the streets looking for anyone too old or sick to work.

"I wish I was really stupid," Tina said, "So I could be in a work detail."

"Yes" Anna agreed," Why didn't we think of that?"

"Maybe you are too stupid to be stupid," Mrs Yakamoto joked.

"It is selection tonight," Tina told her,"Would you like to come?"

"Oh yes, will they barbecue them tonight straight away?" she asked.

"We think so," they trilled together.

"Then I shall save the rat for tomorrow." Mrs Yakamoto agreed.

They all sat down to share one small bowl of Lentil soup and then afterward they went to the local arena for the cull.

"Oh look there is fat Maria," Tina exclaimed, "Let us go&nbsp; and say good bye," so they went to the barbed wire compound to say hello and goodbye.

Maria was hanging upside down from the meat hooks and she was naked with all her figure revealed for everyone to see that she was not fat at all, "Fat Maria you are thin!" Tina exclaimed.

"My mother padded my clothes with rags to make me look fat so they could starve me without Mr Gashmoko our street warden noticing."

"Oh poor Maria," Anna exclaimed, "There will not be enough of you to go round."

"We could stuff her with vegetables if the Controller will allow it," Tina suggested.

"Oh yes," said Anna," Would you like your cunt and ass filled with lovely courgettes and carrots?"

"And Brussels sprouts and anchovies," Tina added.

"And Potatoes?" Anna asked.

"No I want to go home!" Maria cried despairingly.

"Oh poor Maria!" Anna said

"Oh yes poor Maria," Tina said.

"Only kidding!" Maria said, "Of course I'd love to be stuffed full of vegetables before I am roasted."
"Then I shall find the Controller, I think it is Mr Roobysteinmeister " Tina agreed.

"No it is Mr Tomanaski," Anna exclaimed, "He is over there stuffing that girl with peppers."

Mr Tomanaski was stuffing a girl with Chilli peppers, he had already cut out her ass hole with his knife and pulled yards of intestines out to get rid of the shit and was stuffing a whole bag of Chilli peppers inside her.

"Mr Tomanaki" Anna asked "Can we stuff our friend Maria's ass and cunt with vegetables please." 

"Tomanaski, Tomanaski, Aski, not Anki" he said, "You understand?" he demanded.

"Sorry sir but can we stuff our friend." Tina said.

"You call me Mr Tomanaski, " he insisted, "Then maybe I let you stuff you friend."

"Please Mr Tomanaski," Anna pleaded.

"You finish Tarama, then I see," he said.

"How do you like your ass stuffed with vegetables Tarama?" Anna asked.

"Glurrrrg!" Tarama exclaimed as she died because Mr Tomanaski had cut her ass hole out.

"Oh she is lovely look at her lovely breasts!" Tina exclaimed.

"I like you girls," Mr Tomanaski exclaimed, "If you come round behind the wire and fuck with me and Mr Sycopaf I give you a breast each!"

"Oh no!" the girls exclaimed, "We couldn't!"

MrTomanaski leered at them, and took his knife and sliced off Tarama's left breast, "Is Titti Sushi." he laughed.

Anna stared at the breast and the gaping bleeding wound on Tarama's chest, "We want one each if we are going to fuck!" she announced.

"Up Ass?" Mr Tomansaki demanded.

"Yes please!" Tina said, "I mean I will let you if you are determined."

"And I will for a raw breast meat also!" Anna agreed.

"Then come in the wire!" Mr Tomanaski suggested and he opened the gate, "Mr Sycopaf I have fuck for you!"

Anna smiled at Mr Sycopaf, He reminded her of Mr Quasimodo from the Cathedral with his hump and scarred face but she thought of the lovely raw breast meat and her pussy started juicing.

Tina looked at Mr Tomanaski, he looked like a hairy Gorilla and she hoped he had a huge dong like a Gorilla, or a Donkey to stretch her ass hole.

"Undress then girls," Mr Syopaf ordered and the girls began to remove their clothes revealing their thin, lithe, mal-nourished, emaciated bodies.

"I shall hang you from the meat hooks by your feet so I can get easily at your ass hole," Mr Sycopaf suggested and he lifted Tina and hung her by her feet in a wide Y shape.

"Oh can I be hung as well Mr Tomanaski." Anna asked eagerly and she squealed with pleasure as Mr Tomanaski swung her up onto the meat hooks, and stuck his tiny cock into her tiny ass hole making her scream with agony and pleasure.

"Stupid girls we shall roast you too now!" Mr Sycopaf exclaimed.

"How can you say that when we ae such lovely fucks?" said Anna.

"Yes, it is not easy to find anyone to fuck you Mr Sycopaf" Mr Tomanaski said as he fucked Anna's ass.

"That was very rude!" Mr Sycopaf exclaimed as he drew his knife and slitted Mr Tomanaskis throat.

"Mr Sycopaf!" Tina wailed as she saw what he had done, as Mr Tomanaski died with the blood of his neck pouring all over Anna's ass,"I am about to have an orgasm I am so excited!" Tina squealed.

"Oh," Mr Sycopaf exclaimed as his heart burst with the excitement and his eyes went dull and he died as well also.

"Quickly Anna, "Tina shouted, "help me down, let us cut of the mens penises and breasts and pretend they are us and have them roasted instead, then we can steal their clothes and pretend we are them."

"No Tina," Anna said, "Let us eat the breasts and get dressed and fill Maria with vegetables."

"Shall we eat the mens penises as well, Mrs Moominama says sucking penises is lovely," Tina replied.

"Then let us suck penises and eat breasts and grow fat and satisfied." Anna agreed as she swung up like a Gymnast and swung down from the hooks.

"Help me!" Tina asked, but Anna realised she could have both breasts so she hesitated briefly.

"Yes, I shall help you," Anna agreed,&nbsp; "Tina please quickly cut off their penises and help me load them onto the hooks."

The girls quickly loaded the men onto the hooks and ate the raw but still warm breasts and sucked the penises which they felt were not very nice apart from the testicles which they saved to chew on later like chewing gum and then they got dressed and slipped out through the door in the wire to join their friends and classmates but now with their bellies full of meat and ass holes full of slime they were very happy.&nbsp; 

They saw Maria still waiting and they decided not to fill her with vegetables after all.

Suddenly the meat hooks began to move, "Maria," Tina asked, "Would you like to eat supper with Mrs Yakamoto and us tonight, we have a rat?"

"Oh yes that would be nice because nobody has stuffed my body with vegetables yet and I will be burned too much instead of being a tasty meal for all of you." Maria insisted.

"Oh indeed," Anna exclaimed, "It would be such a shame for you to be overdone when there are succulent man steaks to eat!" and Tina and Anna helped Maria down from the hooks and took her outside the wire.

"Put that girl back!" Mr Roobysteinmeister the Controller of Controllers ordered.

"No," said Anna, "I have fucked Mr Sycopaf for her,"

"Up the ass, until he had brain attack and died," Tina added.

"Sycopaf dead, where is Tomanaski" Mr&nbsp; Roobysteinmeister insisted.

"Mr Sycopaf slitted his throat with his razor sharp knife!" Anna added, "Look!" she said and nicked Mr Roobysteinmeister's jacket with the razor sharp point.

"Then go and enjoy the food girls, I cannot risk fucking with you because you might give me a heart attack as well too!" Mr Roobysteinmeister insisted, "And with two extra mens even with one girl taken away we are still over quota, I shall get you some extra."

"Thankyou sir," Anna said with a wicked grin, "In that case I shall not sit your throat with the razor sharp knife, good evening Mr Roobysteinmeister.

"Yes we shall be good friends!" he declared, "Goodbye girls!" he said, "Here have a bag of vegetables so you can practice stuffing each other for when your time to be culled comes," he said and handed them a 50KG bag of mixed vegetables, before he went to check on his friends who hung lifeless from the meat hooks.

"Anna," Tina said, "let us take the vegetables home and feed them to the rats so we can have fresh meat again tomorrow."

"No somebody will see, let us stuff as many inside our cunts and asses as we can and hide the rest under our clothes." Anna suggested and they quickly started to force as many carrots and courgettes as possible up their asses, and potatoes up their cunts and peas in their mouth as they could before hiding the rest under their clothes and going home.

Their room-mates Galinka&nbsp; and Frogmilla were waiting, "You are early," they said.
Anna and Tina nodded. "Can you not talk,"

Anna and Tina shook their heads, "Pea in mouth!" Anna explained.

"No I shall not!" Frogmilla exclaimed, "Is filthy habit!"

Anna found a bowl and sicked up the peas, "I bring peas for rat, come there is time let us go and eat Mr Sycopaf." 

"No we shall stay and lick pussy." Galinka and Frogmilla suggested.

"How can you like that more than succulent fresh cooked girl meat?" Anna asked.

"They have a hidden cat Anna!" Tina gasped, "They should share it with us!"

"Yes you have betrayed us!" Anna exclaimed and slitted their throats with her knife.

"I meant lick her," Galinka gurgled and as she died she said "Cunt!"

"Quickly let us chop them into small pieces that we can quickly eat raw," Tina suggested when they quickly died before she could save the blood in a pool for black pudding.

It was a happy night as the girls feasted on their friends and hid the bones to make for soup another day and then slept soundly with loud farts and burps and animal smells which enraged everyone else in the house but Anna had hidden the knife so no one could find it so nobody slitted their throats all night.

"Anna." said Tina, "Why do we have a Population control law?"

"Because there are too many people," Anna replied.

"But that is only because all the people in Donesia are in Rotneb province, what about the rest of us in Donesia?" Tina explained.

"Oh, it is for forests because the world is warming." Anna explained, "The mens and womens and houses and cities have been abandoned, did you not know?"

"No, but the winters get longer every year." Tina reminded her.

"It is not for us to worry." Anna said, "For someone will miss Frogmilla and Galinka and they will come to cull us."

"Tina, why do we not go and see the Emporer Mr Baracobarma and plead that our friends should be saved and they should catch the wild animals in the jungles for meat?"

"Yes" Anna agreed, "Let us go while our bellies are full and anyway our bedroom smells so rank that the perfume of our farts makes me retch."

Ana and Tina quickly dressed and rushed out to the street as the Corpse cart trundled slowly by in the dawn and the eunuchs shuffled slowly to the fields as the girls rushed along the Toyico road to wards the Palace.

They slowed as the road got steeper and colder as it climbed towards the summit of the mountain and they came to the check point with the barrier across the road.

"Hello!" Anna cried.

"Hello!" Tina cried.

"One moment please," The guard replied.

"Should you not say "Halt!" Anna exclaimed.

"No, my gun has frozen," the guard replied "And my friend died during the night and I am eating him." 

"Oh, we shall go on our way and say nothing!" Anna offered.

"Yes, perhaps you will have sex with me on the way back, I can let you have an arm each?" the guard suggested.

"Yes," Anna agreed, "I very much appreciate a good fuck up my ass on a cold morning, good bye!"

They continued up the steep road and at the next check point the soldiers were frozen stiff.

"He is frozen stiff Anna!" Tina replied.

"Surely not!" Anna replied as she pulled down her soldiers trousers and found his penis was curled up like a little shrew.

The cold was cold now so the girls quickly stole the soldiers clothes to keep them selves warm.

"Come Anna we are nearly there!" Tina said as they approached the Palace.

"We come to see his highness Barracobarma," Anna told the doorman as he opened the door after she rang the bell.

"He is not seeing ordinary stupid little schoolgirls." the man said pompously, "You need an invitation fromm the Ministry of Attack.

"I have a very sharp knife," Anna warned him as she lashed out and stabbed him in the chest.

"Oh yes I see, " he agreed, "Would you like a cup of?" he said as he fell to the floor stone dead.

"Anna," said Tina, "I would have liked a drink."

"Have you come to see his excellency Emporer Barracobarma," a more than averagely stupid secretary asked as she stepped over the dead doorman.

"Oh yes," Anna lied, "This gentleman fainted when I showed him my pussy."

"This way," the secretary said, "I shall eat him later." she opened the door to the Emporer's office.

"He is dead!" Anna exclaimed, as she saw the badly decomposed body of the omnipotent tyrant still in his superman outfit an slumped over his desk

"Yes," The secretary explained, "But we have to keep it quiet until we have a new Emporer."

"Then we shall have a work share," Anna exclaimed, "Tina shall run the country and I shall be her girl friend and spend the money!

"Anna," Tina exclaimed, "That is not fair!"

"But I have a knife!" Anna reminded her.

"Then let us run the country, what does this red button do?" Tina asked.

"It is the telephone for Merica to el presidente Palling." the secretary explained.

"So call her Tina," Anna urged as she pressed the red button.

Suddenly there was a groan and the ground shook and all around holes opened and missiles shot towards the sky, some were rusty and not all their engines worked and they crashed but others shot high in the air, with great high pitched squeaking noises.

"Perhaps the red telephone is the&nbsp; telephone for the Mericans and the button is for New clear attack." she admitted.

The red telephone rang, "Did you order new clear attack?" a voice asked.

"No," the secretary replied, "Perhaps it was wrong number."

"Yes!" the voice agreed, "Only China President Wan Big Lye say we attack him and if he can get him Chinese made discount brand missile to work he attack us back.

The girls looked around and asked for a meal of rat soup and lentils to be sent up and before they could eat then there was a big bang and the whole city of Namahatsu exploded and disappeared in a huge cloud like a toadstool.

The telephone rang, "This is Priming Minister what shall we do?" he asked, "Wan Big Lye said please to tell him if we blowed up."

"We must tell him everyone killed all in Donesia and then cancel the population control and send our people all over round and in Donesia so they are safes."Tina ordered.

"Yes I shall do right now!" the Priming Minister agreed,

"And send two very fit soldiers to the Palace right now," Tina ordered.

"What about me," Anna asked.

"Make it six!" Tina ordered.

"Oh and order every mens to fuck with every womens all time." she added.

"Who say this?" the voice asked.

"Emporer Tinamatsula Gelai," Tina said.



"Is good, everyone will love Emporer Tinamatsula Gelai," the voice said as a Doe Gee Chinese rocket bounced off the Palace roof and collapsed in a shower of rust.

"We must be luckiest people alive!" Anna said as a hundred and fifty year old US Minuteman ICBM came through the roof at about ten times the speed of sound and blew them all into sub-atomic particles.



Good eh!

Nought out of Ten?

Its a spoof OK, it didn't really happen, don't get nightares or a stiffy or nothing, its supposed to be funny / sick in equal proportions.






 



To be continued?

Feed back if you please.











Far in the future, when Nuclear and Biological war has changed society beyond recognition the State recruits a new Population Control officer for the North East.&nbsp; An excerpt from the memoirs of Iron-Heart-Joe, Joe Kapinski.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


"It's about population control son," Wilhelm Weimar told me as he showed me around the facility for the first time, "Why you wanna get into this, you don't look like a regular sadist."

"I guess I want a steady job, Sir," I said as I followed him through the security door from reception towards the locker room.

"Right," he said thoughtfully, "Same here son, I guess we better get you a uniform son."

He opened the door and there were freshly cleaned uniforms hung on racks like it was a clothes store, "Yep see Special Service, that's what the SS stands for." he laughed.

"Looks real smart that black and silver." I admitted.

"Yeah, based on a nineteen hundreds design," he agreed, "You keep it looking smart boy you hear?" he ordered, "Thirty two inch waist, thirty two inch leg eh?" he asked.

"Yeah right, you got a good eye!" I admitted.

"Hell no, you wrote it on the application form," he laughed, "Go on you sort out something that fits and I'll be back in a while." he said, "Grab yourself a locker, and the changing room's through there." 

I got myself kitted out and when I was done Mr Weimar came back with a couple of mugs of coffee, "Mr Weimar," I asked.

"Hey son, it's Willi, only when the scum are around it's sir ok?" he said with a grin

"Yes Sir, I mean thanks Willi, but when do I do my training." I asked.

"On the job son, follow me, do like I do, hell we ain't got no budget for training." he said, "Nope the Union of North American Socialist States ain't got cash to waste on fripperies like training."

"Now look," he continued, "There should be ten guys per shift but today we got Marion on the cameras, Alice in the kitchens and there's Walt and Johnny on work detail and there's you and me." He said with a sly grin.

"What six guys doing the work of ten," I asked.

"Well nope, there should be ten in here and eight on work detail, see but we still draw the full payroll get it?" he asked.

"Right?" I agreed.

"You lied a piece on your CV right." Willi asked.

"I guess." I admitted.

"A streamer, you said you got an B in Socialist Studies except you had a A." he said.

"Ok I lied." I admitted.

"We're friends, so I sort of forget that," he said, "So we got an understanding ok."

"Sure!" I agreed, "Can I get a look round?"

"Hell son you just finish up your Coffee before go on duty." he drained his coffee cup and set it down.

"You'll need a stunner, this is mine!" Willi said as he drew his from it's holster, It was a beauty, H and K 2100 centenary edition with a polished walnut stock and ceramic 25Kv charger sockets with gold anodised caps. Old but real good pre communist quality.

"And never forget to test it, a bit of dirt on the palm pad and it maybe won't recognise you and misfire." he said, "Never use the wire, keep it on plasma and always use kill as default mode."

"Ok," I agreed. He produced a box from somewhere, "I got you a pair of 2120 ultras," he said, "Matched pair, you wont need to worry which is which, use it charge it ok." He showed me, evil looking item it was, all blackened grey paint except where it was wore off after thirty years hard work.

"You strip it back and polish it and it'll look real fine," he said, "And keep it charged!" 

He armed the stunners plugged in the change key and handed then handed them to me one to by one so I could set the palm pad recognition, "Use one, charge one," he reminded me, "Right feeding time!" he said, cheerily "For the animals."

He took me to the pens, it was awesome, there were sixteen main pens all eight feet below our walkway, guys to the left girls to the right all safety chained and collared, the ones that weren't out on work details that is, ten to a pen mainly, naked except their boots.

Men and women chained together naked in gangs in pens maybe ten feet square.

I stared at the women in pen 2c first, heads shaved and naked, necks and wrists ringed with iron bands and chained collar to wrist so they could only reach down to their navels, and chained together collar to collar and branded with their serial numbers across their breasts and scalps.

"That's 1b, they're resting," Willi said, pointing to a group of men penned to my left&nbsp; "They're on Treadmill duty this afternoon." he motioned, "Treadmills work all week, pump water to the lake and we let it down through turbines to make us self sufficient in electricity," he explained, "I guess they're real hungry so we got roast chicken for 'em," he said, "Real tasty."

"What really?" I asked.

"Same as what we eat," he said, "Except ours ain't got no feathers left on!" he laughed, "Keep their strength up for breeding orphans later." he added, "Well it looks real quiet so lets get down the kitchen."

There were maybe a dozen real chickens, roasted whole, like feathers and everything in a basket, "You must be Joe," a pleasant light haired slightly top heavy woman in her forties said as she went to shake my hand, "I'm Alice."

"Hi!" I said and then we took the basket back down, at least I did.

"One Bee first," Willi suggested, "Just throw the birds in one at a time."

"There's five like half a bird each?" I asked.

"Or maybe we just throw four in and make 'em fight for it." Willi laughed, "But maybe you ain't no sadist."

"I guess not," I said and threw the chickens in one at a time. They was wary, watching as the birds landed and it wasn't until the last was down that they started in on ripping them apart, it was worse than animals.

"See they's worse than animals," Willi pointed out, as what looked ordinary guys just ripped those birds apart.

"Gee Willi, is that ok?" I asked.

"Sure," he agreed, "Now the women in 2C." I took the chickens to 2C, they tried to hide their tits, it was pitiful middle aged women except I recognised Hilary Foreman from the year above me HF 44 as she was now, looking like she was forty not twenty two. 

They were chained in a bunch, "Do you like what you see?" Hilary asked sarcastically.

"No, I don't like enemies of the State." I added but I threw the chicken so she could catch it, "I just hope you can be rehabilitated one day and do something useful with your life." I said real pompously, but I handed the chicken out one between two and I made my way back to Willi.

"Not exactly prime pussy eh son?" he asked and pointed, "Now see down there we got trouble makers see in the far corner," he aimed his stunner, clicked it round to stun and gave the trigger a squeeze to get the sighting lazer pointed at a solitary figure in a far pen, "Watch and learn," he said as I saw the lazer was aimed between the guys legs and the guy lunged desperately upwards but Willi had him covered as he clicked the trigger all the way in for just a tap. "See got it!"

I stared, the guy suddenly developed a huge erection, "He always get's that," Willi explained, "Real good technique for calming guys down, don't use full power, you could take the whole dang thing off."

He led me along the walkway between waist high steel hand rails with thick mesh below and on along to the pen, the guy cowered in a corner, his hands were ringed with steel bands chained to a rusty collar bolted round his neck with short chains maybe a foot long so he couldn't even touch his tool which wobbled obscenely in front of him, "Hey Marco, you wrote any good lies recently?" Willi joked, "Marco Kobiashi award winning satirist, meet Joe my new assistant."

Marco stared at me, he used to lecture us on English at&nbsp; Dunsfold State, a guy about fifty grey haired with a grey beard, I guy I never saw before without he was dressed immaculately, not even a crease in his suit, folded handkerchief in his top pocket and a carnation in his buttonhole yet here he stood filthy and naked with a huge woody.

"Satirist," Willi said, "He don't like the party, what do you think Joe."

"Don't do nothing for me Willi." I admitted.

"No me neither," he said, "The last guy we had was forever zapping tools, figured it was funny."

The Tannoy boomed and Marion's voice reverberated around the high roof corrugated roof of what was once a plane maintenance hanger "Hey Willi, make him turn to Camera."

"You heard," Willi ordered, "Jump about." The guy began to jump, his tool flapping up and down obscenely.

"Ooohh," Marion cooed, "Willi Weimar you naughty man!".

"I best sort her out," Willi explained, "Now just cover him ok."

I stood there watching, a guy we had all listened to was there with his back to me jumping about with his tool flapping up and down, it seemed pretty surreal.

He carried on for a minute or two and then suddenly his tool started to spunk off, "Ooohh Willi!" Marion's gasp boomed around the roof, like she was getting some action as well as watching some, "Ooohh you're so," she said before she remembered to kill the mike.

"Kapinski, can you help me?" Mr Kobiashi asked as he slumped against the pen wall and peered up at me.

"Nope." I told him.

"They arrested Lucinda Graves and Gerry Handley as well." he said.

"So?" I said, "You didn't have to write that subversive crap did you?"

"No," he agreed, "But they were your friends!"

"Nice ass sick mind," I said, "Lucinda, not Gerry, Gerry's just a grade A bourgeois ass hole."

"So you sold out?" he said.

"No, I did a course in management at Harvard and asked for an assignment here so I could help Mom and Dad with their quota at the collective farm." I told him.

"But the counter revolution?" he said "Freedom all I taught you!"

"We need cohesion, planning, we have to work collectively, look at what happened when people were able to choose, Nuclear war and ninety seven per cent of Americans died." I said quoting somebody or other.

"Hell what about the Arabs, their heroic," he said I cut him short.

"Just got them all killed didn't it." I added but Joe was coming back.

"Your Fly's undone." I told him as he stood immaculate inn his black uniform with his tool about to flop out."

"Oh," he says, "Look we got a delivery from the quarantine block, we'll leave these to it."

"What about feeding the rest?" I asked.

"Ok Ok just do it Ok." he said irritably, and he left me to it.

It never took long, there just a few isolated individuals and so I used a spade to divide the chickens so everyone got a piece and then I went to find Willi.

He was in reception, "We got a friend of yours, Joe," he announced.

"What?" I asked.

"Lucinda Graves and Gerry Handley as well." he said.

"Nice tits nice ass, weird ideas." I explained, "Where are they?"

"In the truck," Willi announced, "I'll get them in, you cover them Ok."

It wasn't that simple, a couple of grey uniformed guys came through first followed by Gerry who was chained and collared like our guys and bearded and naked, and then came Lucinda, all dressed up to the nines like she was going to an interview.

She stopped dead, "What!" she gasped.

"Didn't they tell you?" Willi asked, "Oh you got ten years rehabilitation."

"Oh no, no way!" she gasped.

"Sure thing, you just did two months quarantine right?" Willi asked.

"They said this was induction." she said awkwardly.

"Sure is," Willi said, "I guess we got a half hour, put her in One Be Joe."

"If you'll step this way Miss." I said,

"No need for collar and cuffs Joe, just put her in 1b." Willi said.

"So you sold out." she said.

"I never bought in, maybe I could put in a word for you?" I suggested, 

Willi butted in, "Maybe you could be Joe's mistress, clean the flat cook that sort of thing?"

"Oh no, No way I'd rather do ten years than let you anywhere near me, you make me sick!" she snapped. 

So I took her through, she stopped dead when she saw the extent of the indoor facility, I had to&nbsp; grab her by the shoulders and push her.&nbsp; All eyes swivelled towards her as I pushed her towards 1b, "I guess you'll join the girls in 2c when your shorn but hey have some fun first." I suggested.

She struggled, but I had a good grip and I walked her down that walkway to 1b.

The guys looked at her hungrily, she never believed for a second that we would do anything but show her the pens but Willi was testing me, I knew that, so I held her round the waist and just tipped her over the handrail relying on the guys to catch her.

It all happened in slow motion or so it seemed, there were ten guys down there, hungry guys who&nbsp; hadn't had a woman for months, desperate sex starved guys, and they caught he all right, and they unwrapped her like kids unwrapping a Christmas treat it seemed like hours but I don't suppose it took more than a minute for them to strip her down.

She went down head first and rolled so she was on her back as they caught her, and as she landed they started to bust the buttons off her jacket, they ripped every button off her blouse, and ripped away her jacket leaving the arms of the jacket on her arms before they slid them off as well and then they ripped off her shirt tearing it into pieces the back, two sides and two arms all ripped into separate chunks of white cloth, and then they ripped down her skirt and tore off her panties tried to bust her brassiere but it was too tough so they slipped it off of her and then peeled her stockings and garters round her feet and pulled away her shoes and stockings all in a heap.

She screamed, screamed like someone would care about her and help her, and then she screamed in fear and then in pain as they laid her fragrant lithe fit body down in the filth and shit of their pen and the biggest most disreputable dirtiest guy just spread her legs wide and speared her sweet soft pink peach like cunt with his unwashed and very angry penis.

No sooner had he done it that someone else had hold of her long dark brown hair and yanked her head back, he punched her jaw and nose a couple of times until she opened he mouth wide as her tears mingled with the blood from her nose and she swallowed that cock right to the back of her throat so deep&nbsp; thought he would get his balls in her mouth as well and then as her screams abruptly ceased he began to hump her face.

She looked up at me with more confusion than hate and I told her, "Don't bite they'll bust your teeth or kill you,"&nbsp; she nodded sadly.

"Raise her up fuck her ass hole you ain't got much time." Willi said gently to the guys in the pen as he came and stood beside me, then he turned to me and said real quietly."They're all quarantined, disease free, she's on high dose anti pregnancy med so she'll be fine son, that's if you want her?"

"No I think we should give her a week in a pen," I suggested, "Then she begs me to fuck her or we shear her and put her in a gang."

"You certainly know the text book." Willi agreed, "You'll do just fine son."

They had her standing up now the first guy was finished and slime trail slid down her leg and a blonde guy was hammering his penis repeatedly at her tight brown ass, then quite suddenly it gave way and he rammed his meat deep inside her, and he sort of bent her back so his good buddy could take her slime filled cunt and quite suddenly she was taking three cocks at one time.
She tried real hard to hide it but you could see she was loving it, but she was crying now, sobbing, she knew there was no way back as pain and pleasure mingled and she knew what her future as an inmate slut, a prisoners plaything, would be like, she tried hard to shut her mind to the sense of pleasure and fulfilment her nerves were sending trying to concentrate on the catastrophic abruptness of her transition from as she thought intelligentsia with all the privellage that brought to inmate status with no rights of any kind, and yet she knew more pleasure than she had ever felt before, shame and pain and pleasure but mainly unbelievably disgusting smelly acrid tasting pink sausages of intense pleasure possessing her.

I watched the filthy savages ravishing her, raping her backside, raping her mouth, raping her sex changing around as each was satisfied, one even raped her long dark brown hair pumping his filthy turgid grey semen into her long brown locks and smearing it all over her head plastering it to her scalp like some disgusting hair lacquer and then when they were sated they threw her on the floor and those who had spunk to spare wanked over her.

She had passed out and simply lay there and let them do what they wanted, her own needs were sated and she slept blissfully through their final degradations.

Finally when he was sure they were finished Willi pulled the heavy vertical door up and released the men to their work in the treadmill leaving her soiled and bloodied lying in the filth and excrement of the pen.

We left her there, broken, just a shell of a woman, not even a young attractive woman any more, but just a disgusting naked sub human animal, her sex and ass hole all red raw and bruised, her breasts and neck a mass of love bites and all covered in slime but Willi and me we just went about our business.

We put the next shift in 1c and left her to think and night shift must have moved her to 0d because she stayed there for the week, just wallowing naked in the filth, sometimes pacing around aimlessly, and she always seemed to be touching herself obscenely every time she saw me looking at her, like she wanted me to fuck her or something.

I spent the weekend with my mother and father, they were behind on quota again because they were decadent and lazy and I had a lovely time working hard to get them back on quota and get the&nbsp; farm nice and tidy again.

It was Tuesday when I took the man with the electric clippers and the electrolysis machine to Lucinda, she was covered with shit and her hair was matted so we moved her to a correction room and I waited until her cunt and ass was fully depilated and electrolysised and then I asked, quite quietly. "You had every chance?"

"What?" she asked.

"What sir," I said, I had a little prod now so I reminded her, a little electric shock across the back, no marks on low setting, just pain, "Shall I ask for a dispensation so you can come and live in my quarters as my slave?"

"I would rather live in shit than sleep with you." she said and it wounded me.

"Then so be it." I said.

"What?" she asked incredulous that I had given up so easily.

"Live in shit, if that's what you want." and I said to the man, "Continue."

I watched as the hair cascaded to the floor, taking her femininity with it and when it was done I took her to interview room 4 to screw her but she smelled too bad so I didn't bother.

Willi was surprised when I walked out of the room so quickly, "No good son?" he asked, "Can't get it up?"

"Rather screw a pig." I said, "Sir!"

"Yeah," he agreed, "But it should have presented it's cunt, you better train it."

"Sir?" I asked.

"Hold it's cunt lips open for any officer, when he enters an interview room, get back in there." he said, "There's a whip in the rack."

I went back.

"You are disgusting," I told her, "And when an officer comes you must spread your cunt do you understand?"

"No," she wailed.

"I have the whip, if I whip you, draw blood, it may get infected, do you understand?" I asked as she stared at me like she was horrified.

She swallowed. "Yes," she said quietly, "I shall do as you say." and she sat against the wall and spread her cunt open with her fingers.

"You will have to spread your legs wide when your cuffs ad collar are rivetted on, because you will never reach your cunt lips again." I told her.

"Are you going to fuck me now?" she asked.

"No," I said, "You had your chance." and I turned my back on her.

Willi was still waiting, "You didn't fuck her?" he asked.

"No," I said simply, "I reasoned with her, she displayed, I left her, I think she is in despair." I explained and as I glanced at my wrist I said, "It is coffee time surely?"

Willi sent me to see her three more times that week, she got dirtier and dirtier and she just held herself open with pleading eyes.

"You will join a treadmill gang next Monday," I told her on the last visit, "You must come with me," I had had metal handcuffs and a leather collar for her and a leash and when I had them fixed I took her to where Willi was by the connecting door from pen 1c to 2 c. The door between the eight feet deep concrete pens lifted vertically and and connected the holding pen 1c where the naked chained filthy women were penned to the larger freshly cleaned pen 2c where the men waited and as she watched the ten woman detail walked into the mens pen.

2c was freshly cleaned with fresh straw on the floor and the women filed in all chained at the neck in a line and faced the men who were also chained by the neck and lined up opposite them.

"You have ten minutes to fuck." Willi announced.

There were husbands and wives, Willi pointed them out, lazy idle bourgeois couples but they were chained so only the number 10 man could fuck the number 1 woman and so the couples had to watch each other fuck strangers and yet every single one fucked although they had to help the other couples put the cocks in because none of them could reach down to their own cocks or cunts but soon all of them were fucking.

"That is your future," I told Lucinda, She turned to me and buried her head in my shoulder.

I pushed her away, "No, you must not!" I insisted.

"Hose her off and fuck her son." Willi suggested, "Throw her in the "Tank"

There was a water filled pen number 3e so I dragged her to it and threw her in, she didn't resist except to ask if I could release her hands, I said no and threw her in.

She went right under with a splash and then surfaced lying on her back before diving to the bottom, she stayed down.

I panicked, I had no written authority to drown her so I took off my jacket and shoes and trousers and dived in, and as I hit the water she bobbed up laughing.

Very funny. Seven feet of water and I can't swim.&nbsp; "Help!" she shouted, "Mr Kapinski is drowning!"

Willi came along and laughed at me, and Walt and Johnny, as I struggled to stay afloat, and Lucinda pulled down my shorts and aroused me with her hands&nbsp; and before I knew a trail of my slime was floating on the water. Then she helped them get a rope around me and drag me out.

She laughed, It really wasn't funny.

The next Monday I had to report to central office in Stalinsburg just downtown from the University.

I thought it was for a full time job, and at first a Committee of people I didn't know asked me about the place and I said I thought the staff levels were excessive but otherwise it was a good facility.

Then I was invited upstairs, Willi was there in a suit, "Do you know General Graves and Colonel Hampstead?" he said.

"No," I said, "Good Morning sir," I answered, "Good morning" I said to Principal Mercer and Vice Chancellor Putin from the university.

"We had excellent reports from your trial Kapinski," Graves said, "Excellent."

"Thankyou sir."

"Special Agent Graves recommended you," he said, "She said you have all the qualities of a hard hearted killer."

"Sir?" I asked.

"Yes we need a Population Control officer for Rotneb, that's the Regional Office (Territorial) North East Branch." The General explained.

"Sir?" I asked.

"To promote or reduce population to match resource, we need a pragmatist not a sadist," he said "Willi is retiring soon and we felt we should offer you the job."

I sat down stunned, "Special Agent Graves?" I asked.

"Ah yes, she suggests she should monitor your work," the General suggested, "When she gets back from the Socialist games in Warsaw," he said, "She is one of our best open water swimmers and now," he said proudly, "I am very proud of my daughter, why she has even shaved her hair for more speed."

"Lucinda?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied, and she came in the room, her hair nearly to her waist, "It's a wig!" she said laughing and whipped it off, "There is just one more test." she said.

"Then take an hour," the General said, "We adjourn until eleven," he said, "Willi, consent forms please."

We signed and countersigned the consent to fuck forms and Willi witnessed them and she took me to the side room.

"Please do your best we could make a wonderful team." she said.

"Yes," I said, and I checked the consent form again and undressed and when she undressed I did my duty.

Her cunt tasted sweet as I aroused her in the manner laid down in the making babies pamphlet 3b Tender loving Sex, rather than the more brutal methods in the Sexual efficiency pamphlets or 2 d Rape and the avoidance of disease.

She knew the recommended technique and she was was counting, "Seventy three, Seventy four," and on the seventy fifth thrust I let fly just as the training manual said, except I kissed her and said I was very fond of her and hoped our babies would be hard working citizens we could be proud of.

"Oh what a romantic thought!" she said as she lay back, "You'll do," she said, "But why didn't you save me from the prisoners?"

"My love for you is second only to my duty," I explained.

"Oh that is wonderful," she laughed, "And you were nearly as good at fucking as the second man in the pit." she peered at me, "I'm lying," she said, "You sensed a trap?"

"I thought they would be kind." I said.

"Oh nyes, very, very," she paused "Fulfilling!" and she laughed her merry laugh, "But now I am healed completely and even a little cock like yours can satisfy me now."

Lucinda led me back to General Graves and explained I had scraped through with the minimum pass mark, but she said so with a grin, and what could I do compared to ten sex starved inmates anyway?

General Graves was delighted, he offered me the job, signed co habitation forms for Lucinda and I gave us permits for ten children and dispensation for a nanny, a twelve room flat in the block next to the Offices and sent us on honeymoon to the swimming championships. My head span, it was so much better than I could ever have dreamed of.

In the swimming she came third as instructed, she had to tread water for over a minute but protocol said NorSweSR came first and second as host nation and so she returned a national hero.

Lucinda is a wonderful woman, she can spot a hare lip or a limp at a glance, very often we go shopping and she will stun a passing person and have them taken away as deformed, I sometimes think she does it if they scowl at her, but I keep my thoughts to myself, and now her hair has grown again and her belly has swollen with another child&nbsp; and when at weekends I help my lazy decadent mother and father on the farm mucking out the pig shed or ploughing the field, guiding the plow as mother pulls it I am the happiest man in the whole Socialist Community.










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





