BDSM Library - Population Control




Population Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  In Rotneb province the population control Barbeque is a popular event. Not for the squeamish. (Spoof)






Special population control a long time in the future in the area of Nagatoya Rotneb Province

Tina stood by the noticeboard in&nbsp; Nagatoya high school anxiously checking her position in class, she had missed two days classes and she was worried that she might have slipped out of the top group, she scanned down, "Oh gosh!" she exclaimed, "I am only one place above the cull zone!"

Anamatusa put a reassuring hand on her shoulder, "It makes no difference you are a Merican, you do not have to be culled for failure."

"Oh but Anna I do, I was born in Nasagaki in Rotneb province so I am a citizen!"&nbsp; Tina explained.

"Oh dear," Anamatusa," consoled her, "But you are safe this time, will you come with me to the selection tonight?"

"Of course Anna, perhaps fat Maria will be culled and we can all have some lovely human meat burgers."

"Yes," Anna replied, "There will be enough for packed lunches for a week!" she laughed until tears ran down her cheeks and Tina joined in and laughed so much she nearly wet herself.

The School stood on a hillside and they watched for a moment as the sad slave workers pulled ploughs and farm carts as they struggled to grow enough food.&nbsp; "I think that was a man once," Tina said pointing to a bare chested slave struggling with a plough.

"Yes look at those breasts, they would have been harvested if he was a woman." Anna agreed.

"No look at his powerful buttocks," Tina said, wistfully, "Just think of the cock he would have had if he hadn't been neutered as a slave.

"No he is a Sumo," Anna explained, "He hides his cock and balls up inside his pelvis and pretends to be a neuter."

"Like yeah, get real," Tina laughed.

The walked happily the few yards to their rooming house where they shared a double room with four other girls and had to sleep three to a bed.

"I have some lovely Lentil soup for your supper," Mrs Yakamoto greeted them, "And Mituko caught a rat earlier so we will have meat for supper!"

"A rat, are they not protected animals under the Act of 2109?" Tina asked.

"Oh yes, but they are delicious!" Mrs Yakamoto agreed, "Oh Mimsu was graded 99 out of his century," she added.

"He is very stupid," Anna agreed.

"He will have his balls cut off on Thursday and assigned to a work program." she beamed, "So I shall still see him on visiting days every five years!"

"That is good news!" Tin agreed, "But I want to be a Geisha."

"Yes, she can pick up wine bottles with her cunt muscles already and she is hoping to get some wall nuts to crack as well," Anna added, "She hurt my fingers squeezing them the other day!"

Tina watched the Geriatric patrol trot by, eight well muscled eunuchs in matching yellow coveralls pulled the cart as the officials prowled the streets looking for anyone too old or sick to work.

"I wish I was really stupid," Tina said, "So I could be in a work detail."

"Yes" Anna agreed," Why didn't we think of that?"

"Maybe you are too stupid to be stupid," Mrs Yakamoto joked.

"It's selection tonight," Tina told her,"Would you like to come?"

"Oh yes, will they barbecue them tonight straight away?" she asked.

"We think so," they trilled together.

"Then I shall save the rat for tomorrow." Mrs Yakamoto agreed.

They all sat down to share one small bowl of Lentil soup and then afterward they went to the local arena for the cull.

"Oh look there is fat Maria," Tina exclaimed, "Let us go&nbsp; and say good bye," so they went to the barbed wire compound to say hello and goodbye.

Maria was hanging upside down from the meat hooks and she was naked with all her figure revealed for everyone to see that she was not fat at all, "Fat Maria you are thin!" Tina exclaimed.

"My mother padded my clothes with rags to make me look fat so they could starve me without Mr Gashmoko our street warden noticing."

"Oh poor Maria," Anna exclaimed, "There will not be enough of you to go round."

"We could stuff her with vegetables if the Controller will allow it," Tina suggested.

"Oh yes," said Anna," Would you like your cunt and ass filled with lovely courgettes and carrots?"

"And Brussels sprouts and anchovies," Tina added.

"And Potatoes?" Anna asked.

"No I want to go home!" Maria cried despairingly.

"Oh poor Maria!" Anna said

"Oh yes poor Maria," Tina said.

"Only kidding!" Maria said, "Of course I'd love to be stuffed full of vegetables before I am roasted."
"Then I shall find the Controller, I think it is Mr Roobysteinmeister " Tina agreed.

"No it is Mr Tomanaski," Anna exclaimed, "He is over there stuffing that girl with peppers."

Mr Tomanaski was stuffing a girl with Chilli peppers, he had already cut out her ass hole with his knife and pulled yards of intestines out to get rid of the shit and was stuffing a whole bag of Chilli peppers inside her.

"Mr Tomanaki" Anna asked "Can we stuff our friend Maria's ass and cunt with vegetables please." 

"Tomanaski, Tomanaski, Aski, not Anki" he said, "You understand?" he demanded.

"Sorry sir but can we stuff our friend." Tina said.

"You call me Mr Tomanaski, " he insisted, "Then maybe I let you stuff you friend."

"Please Mr Tomanaski," Anna pleaded.

"You finish Tarama, then I see," he said.

"How do you like your ass stuffed with vegetables Tarama?" Anna asked.

"Glurrrrg!" Tarama exclaimed as she died because Mr Tomanaski had cut her ass hole out.

"Oh she is lovely look at her lovely breasts!" Tina exclaimed.

"I like you girls," Mr Tomanaski exclaimed, "If you come round behind the wire and fuck with me and Mr Sycopaf I give you a breast each!"

"Oh no!" the girls exclaimed, "We couldn't!"

MrTomanaski leered at them, and took his knife and sliced off Tarama's left breast, "Is Titti Sushi." he laughed.

Anna stared at the breast and the gaping bleeding wound on Tarama's chest, "We want one each if we are going to fuck!" she announced.

"Up Ass?" Mr Tomansaki demanded.

"Yes please!" Tina said, "I mean I will let you if you are determined."

"And I will for a raw breast meat also!" Anna agreed.

"Then come in the wire!" Mr Tomanaski suggested and he opened the gate, "Mr Sycopaf I have fuck for you!"

Anna smiled at Mr Sycopaf, He reminded her of Mr Quasimodo from the Cathedral with his hump and scarred face but she thought of the lovely raw breast meat and her pussy started juicing.

Tina looked at Mr Tomanaski, he looked like a hairy Gorilla and she hoped he had a huge dong like a Gorilla, or a Donkey to stretch her ass hole.

"Undress then girls," Mr Syopaf ordered and the girls began to remove their clothes revealing their thin, lithe, mal-nourished, emaciated bodies.

"I shall hang you from the meat hooks by your feet so I can get easily at your ass hole," Mr Sycopaf suggested and he lifted Tina and hung her by her feet in a wide Y shape.

"Oh can I be hung as well Mr Tomanaski." Anna asked eagerly and she squealed with pleasure as Mr Tomanaski swung her up onto the meat hooks, and stuck his tiny cock into her tiny ass hole making her scream with agony and pleasure.

"Stupid girls we shall roast you too now!" Mr Sycopaf exclaimed.

"How can you say that when we ae such lovely fucks?" said Anna.

"Yes, it is not easy to find anyone to fuck you Mr Sycopaf" Mr Tomanaski said as he fucked Anna's ass.

"That was very rude!" Mr Sycopaf exclaimed as he drew his knife and slitted Mr Tomanaskis throat.

"Mr Sycopaf!" Tina wailed as she saw what he had done, as Mr Tomanaski died with the blood of his neck pouring all over Anna's ass,"I am about to have an orgasm I am so excited!" Tina squealed.

"Oh," Mr Sycopaf exclaimed as his heart burst with the excitement and his eyes went dull and he died as well also.

"Quickly Anna, "Tina shouted, "help me down, let us cut of the mens penises and breasts and pretend they are us and have them roasted instead, then we can steal their clothes and pretend we are them."

"No Tina," Anna said, "Let us eat the breasts and get dressed and fill Maria with vegetables."

"Shall we eat the mens penises as well, Mrs Moominama says sucking penises is lovely," Tina replied.

"Then let us suck penises and eat breasts and grow fat and satisfied." Anna agreed as she swung up like a Gymnast and swung down from the hooks.

"Help me!" Tina asked, but Anna realised she could have both breasts so she hesitated briefly.

"Yes, I shall help you," Anna agreed,&nbsp; "Tina please quickly cut off their penises and help me load them onto the hooks."

The girls quickly loaded the men onto the hooks and ate the raw but still warm breasts and sucked the penises which they felt were not very nice apart from the testicles which they saved to chew on later like chewing gum and then they got dressed and slipped out through the door in the wire to join their friends and classmates but now with their bellies full of meat and ass holes full of slime and they were very happy.&nbsp; 

They saw Maria still waiting and they decided not to fill her with vegetables after all.

Suddenly the meat hooks began to move, "Maria," Tina asked, "Would you like to eat supper with Mrs Yakamoto and us tonight, we have a rat?"

"Oh yes that would be nice because nobody has stuffed my body with vegetables yet and I will be burned too much instead of being a tasty meal for all of you." Maria insisted.

"Oh indeed," Anna exclaimed, "It would be such a shame for you to be overdone when there are succulent man steaks to eat!" and Tina and Anna helped Maria down from the hooks and took her outside the wire.

"Put that girl back!" Mr Roobysteinmeister the Controller of Controllers ordered.

"No," said Anna, "I have fucked Mr Sycopaf for her,"

"Up the ass, until he had brain attack and died," Tina added.

"Sycopaf dead, where is Tomanaski " Mr&nbsp; Roobysteinmeister insisted.

"Mr Sycopaf slitted his throat with his razor sharp knife!" Anna added, "Look!" she said and nicked Mr Roobysteinmeister's jacket with the razor sharp point.

"The go and enjoy the food girls, I cannot risk fucking with you because you might give me a heart attack as well too!" Mr Roobysteinmeister insisted, "And with two extra mens even with one girl taken away we are still over quota, I shall get you some extra."

"Thankyou sir," Anna said with a wicked grin, "In that case I shall not sit your throat with the razor sharp knife, good evening Mr Roobysteinmeister.

"Yes we shall be good friends!" he declared, "Goodbye girls!" he said, "Here have a bag of vegetables so you can practice stuffing each other for when your time to be culled comes," he said and handed them a 50KG bag of mixed vegetables, before he went to check on his friends who hung lifeless from the meat hooks.

"Anna," Tina said, "let us take the vegetables home and feed them to the rats so we can have fresh meat again tomorrow."

"No somebody will see, let us stuff as many inside our cunts and asses as we can and hide the rest under our clothes." Anna suggested and they quickly started to force as many carrots and courgettes as possible up their asses, and potatoes up their cunts and peas in their mouth as they could before hiding the rest under their clothes and going home.

Their room-mates Galinka&nbsp; and Frogmilla were waiting, "You are early," they said.
Anna and Tina nodded. "Can you not talk,"

Anna and Tina shook their heads, "Pea in mouth!" Anna explained.

"No I shall not!" Frogmilla exclaimed, "Is filthy habit!"

Anna found a bowl and sicked up the peas, "I bring peas for rat, come there is time let us go and eat Mr Sycopaf." 

"No we shall stay and lick pussy." Galinka and Frogmilla suggested.

"How can you like that more than succulent fresh cooked girl meat?" Anna asked.

"They have a hidden cat Anna!" Tina gasped, "They should share it with us!"

"Yes you have betrayed us!" Anna exclaimed and slitted their throats with her knife.

"I meant lick her," Galinka gurgled and as she died she said "Cunt!"

"Quickly let us chop them into small pieces that we can quickly eat raw," Tina suggested when they quickly died before she could save the blood in a pool for black pudding.

It was a happy night as the girls feasted on their friends and then slept soundly with loud farts and burps and animal smells which enraged everyone else in the house but Anna had hidden the knife so no one could find it so nobody slitted their throats all night.

To be continued?

Feed back if you please.











Population Control part 2&nbsp; 


"Anna." said Tina, "Why do we have a Population control law?"

"Because there are too many people," Anna replied.

"But that is only because all the people in Donesia are in Rotneb province, what about the rest of us in Donesia?" Tina explained.

"Oh, it is for forests because the world is warming." Anna explained, "The mens and womens and houses and cities have been abandoned, did you not know?"

"No, but the winters get longer every year." Tina reminded her.

"It is not for us to worry." Anna said, "For someone will miss Frogmilla and Galinka and they will come to cull us."

"Tina, why do we not go and see the Emporer Mr Baracobarma and plead that our friends should be saved and they should catch the wild animals in the jungles for meat?"

"Yes" Anna agreed, "Let us go while our bellies are full and anyway our bedroom smells so rank that the perfume of our farts makes me retch."

Ana and Tina quickly dressed and rushed out to the street as the Corpse cart trundled slowly by in the dawn and the eunuchs shuffled slowly to the fields as the girls rushed along the Toyico road to wards the Palace.

They slowed as the road got steeper and colder as it climbed towards the summit of the mountain and they came to the check point with the barrier across the road.

"Hello!" Anna cried.

"Hello!" Tina cried.

"One moment please," The guard replied.

"Should you not say "Halt!" Anna exclaimed.

"No, my gun has frozen," the guard replied "And my friend died during the night and I am eating him." 

"Oh, we shall go on our way and say nothing!" Anna offered.

"Yes, perhaps you will have sex with me on the way back, I can let you have an arm each?" the guard suggested.

"Yes," Anna agreed, "I very much appreciate a good fuck up my ass on a cold morning, good bye!"

They continued up the steep road and at the next check point the soldiers were frozen stiff.

"He is frozen stiff Anna!" Tina replied.

"Surely not!" Anna replied as she pulled down her soldiers trousers and found his penis was curled up like a little shrew.

The cold was cold now so the girls quickly stole the soldiers clothes to keep them selves warm.

"Come Anna we are nearly there!" Tina said as they approached the Palace.

"We come to see his highness Barracobarma," Anna told the doorman as he opened the door after she rang the bell.

"He is not seeing ordinary stupid little schoolgirls." the man said pompously, "You need an invitation fromm the Ministry of Attack.

"I have a very sharp knife," Anna warned him as she lashed out and stabbed him in the chest.

"Oh yes I see, " he agreed, "Would you like a cup of?" he said as he fell to the floor stone dead.

"Anna," said Tina, "I would have liked a drink."

"Have you come to see his excellency Emporer Barracobarma," a more than averagely stupid secretary asked as she stepped over the dead doorman.

"Oh yes," Anna lied, "This gentleman fainted when I showed him my pussy."

"This way," the secretary said, "I shall eat him later." she opened the door to the Emporer's office.

"He is dead!" Anna exclaimed, as she saw the badly decomposed body of the omnipotent tyrant still in his superman outfit an slumped over his desk

"Yes," The secretary explained, "But we have to keep it quiet until we have a new Emporer."

"Then we shall have a work share," Anna exclaimed, "Tina shall run the country and I shall be her girl friend and spend the money!

"Anna," Tina exclaimed, "That is not fair!"

"But I have a knife!" Anna reminded her.

"Then let us run the country, what does this red button do?" Tina asked.

"It is the telephone for Merica to el presidente Palling." the secretary explained.

"So call her Tina," Anna urged as she pressed the red button.

Suddenly there was a groan and the ground shook and all around holes opened and missiles shot towards the sky, some were rusty and not all their engines worked and they crashed but others shot high in the air, with great high pitched squeaking noises.

"Perhaps the red telephone is the&nbsp; telephone for the Mericans and the button is for New clear attack." she admitted.

The red telephone rang, "Did you order new clear attack?" a voice asked.

"No," the secretary replied, "Perhaps it was wrong number."

"Yes!" the voice agreed, "Only China President Wan Big Lye say we attack him and if he can get him Chinese made discount brand missile to work he attack us back.

The girls looked around and asked for a meal of rat soup and lentils to be sent up and before they could eat then there was a big bang and the whole city of Namahatsu exploded and disappeared in a huge cloud like a toadstool.

The telephone rang, "This is Priming Minister what shall we do?" he asked, "Wan Big Lye said please to tell him if we blowed up."

"We must tell him everyone killed all in Donesia and then cancel the population control and send our people all over round and in Donesia so they are safes."Tina ordered.

"Yes I shall do right now!" the Priming Minister agreed,

"And send two very fit soldiers to the Palace right now," Tina ordered.

"What about me," Anna asked.

"Make it six!" Tina ordered.

"Oh and order every mens to fuck with every womens all time." she added.

"Who say this?" the voice asked.

"Emporer Tinamatsula Gelai," Tina said.



"Is good, everyone will love Emporer Tinamatsula Gelai," the voice said as a Doe Gee Chinese rocket bounced off the Palace roof and collapsed in a shower of rust.

"We must be luckiest people alive!" Anna said as a hundred and fifty year old US Minuteman ICBM came through the roof at about ten times the speed of sound and blew them all into sub-atomic particles.



Good eh!

Nought out of Ten?

Its a spoof OK, it didn't really happen, don't get nightares or a stiffy or nothing, its supposed to be funny / sick in equal proportions.






 



To be continued?

Feed back if you please.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:       PieterM


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





