BDSM Library -  Potty Training




 Potty Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A 22-year-old girl has been suffering night-time incontinence for years..... and now she has to be potty-trained!






I am a 22-year-old girl who has been suffering from night-time incontinence. I never told my boyfriend to whom I'm now newly married. Every other night I would pee in bed, right beside my husband.

I need someone to potty train me now. Put a diaper on me before I go to bed every night, and my husband should check it before I get off the bed the next morning. If the diaper should be found wet, take me to the Spanking Court and tell the judge what I've done. Let the judge shame me with abusive language and make me feel I'm dirt, and then pronounce his sentence on me. No matter how I plead for mercy, stuff the wet diaper in my mouth to gag me, then punish me until I learn to control my bladder at night:

First offense: 50 fast and hard strokes of the cane on my bare bottom, to be administered by a court sheriff, right before my hushand

Second offense: Same as first offense, plus 50 licks of the paddle, to be administered in rapid fire fashion

Third Offense: Same as second above, plus 50 swift and deep lashes of the whip

Fourth offense: Same as third, but double the numbers

Fifth offense: Same as fourth, plus a burning cigar end driven up my asshole three times. If I should pee under the extreme pain, drive another burning cigar end up my pee-hole as additional punishment.

Sixth offense: last chance - same as fifth plus a paper diaper to be put on me after all the punishment. Set it on fire so that my bottom, ass-hole, pee-hole and cunt will be completely burnt. Make sure flammable tampons are stuffed in so that these will burn in my holes even after the the diaper fire goes out. This will stop me from peeing in my bed again, ever.

***If, at any time, I should be found to cheat my husband by changing my wet diaper to a dry one before he wakes up, jump to the punishment for the sixth offense immediately***




Review This Story
 || Email Author:     Bloody Spankee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





