BDSM Library - College Guy Sold at Slave Auction




College Guy Sold at Slave Auction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   An 18 year old college freshman see an add on a bulletin board for a slave auction at a bdsm club. Will he have the nerve to show up? Who will he be sold to?






COLLEGE GUY SOLD AT SLAVE AUCTION 

Shortly after my 18th birthday, I enrolled at a university just north
of Chicago. I'm not much into team sports but like cycling, skiing,
and rock climbing. My stats are brown eyes and hair, 5' 11", 155
pounds, and good build. My main turn-on is bondage pictures and
stories. I imagine myself as the one being bound and tormented. I'm
not particularly interested in guys except as props necessary for my
fantasies. I picked my school because I think Chicago would be a good
place to explore these interests.

Last week as I was working out in the gym, a guy I had talked to a
couple times pointed to a notice on a bulletin board and called out,
"Tom, you're always complaining how broke you are. This is a good way for you to get some cash!" He laughed like it was a big joke. I
wandered over to read the notice, "Black Rose Dungeon. Slave Auction
every Friday. Young Guys 18 or over, find out what your submissive
body is worth! Call for details." I looked around to see if anyone
was looking then quickly pulled off a slip with the phone number and
stuffed it into the pocket of my shorts.

I began my usual run on the bike path along the lake about a mile to
the site of the old observatory, walked to the shore to catch my breath and climbed down to a large flat rock hidden from view by other rocks. I stripped off my shirt smoothing it on the flat rock, took off my shoes and sweaty socks putting them on the rock to dry, finally I dropped my shorts and briefs. I rested on my back with my eyes closed trying to get up nerve to call the number. The warm September sun felt great on my naked body.

I heard a noise in front of me, jumped up to look. A guy grabbed me
from behind. Before I could yell, someone else dressed in all black,
shoved my sweaty sock into my mouth. As I struggled, my cock flipped
up, rock hard. "Look Joe, we got ourselves a winner!" said the one
holding my arms. They pushed me to a rusted van in the old
observatory parking lot and shoved me in back. They buckled leather
cuffs on my wrists and ankles then clicked the cuffs together behind my
back. I was securely hogtied with my face pushed against the foul
smelling carpet. Joe jumped to the drivers seat and shouted,
"Dungeon! Here we come!" as we took off.

The van stops, my feet are unclipped and I am led down the back steps
of a dilapidated stone mansion into a dim basement. The feel of the
cold rough stone floor on my bare feet excites me. I'm taken through
a trapdoor down many narrow steps. My captors open a door to a cool
damp stone room with a vaulted ceiling. It is bare except for two
widely spaced chains hanging from the ceiling. They shove me under
the chains, unclip my wrists and then re-clip each onto a chain each as
high as possible. My arms are pulled up and apart. I stand tall to
ease the strain. Each ankle is clipped to rings in the floor,
spreading my legs until my toes barely touch the stone floor. I
struggle to get free, cursing and swearing into my sock gag. Joe
pinches my tits, harder and harder until I stop. "That's better, now
listen to the facts. You aren't going to get loose and no one will
hear you screaming. I won't tell you who we are, what we are going to
do to you, and if we will let you go. You will tremble with fear
because I am completely in control of your body. Do you understand?"
He yanks out the sweaty sock and I yell, "Fuck you!"

He does nothing! Joe walks away and motions the other guy to follow.
He turns out the lights, slams, and locks the door. It's completely
black like in a cave. I curse and swear until I am horse. I struggle
until I am dripping with sweat and my whole body aches. I have no idea
of time. I realize struggling and swearing will do me no good. I
become quiet. I try to relax. I strain to my tiptoes to ease my arms
then pull up by my arms to ease the cramps in my feet. A fear builds
that my captors will not come back. I start mumbling, "Please come
back, I'll be good and do anything you want. I'm scared don't leave me
alone." Exhausted, I finally drift unconscious.

The lights bring me back. "Fuck am I glad you guys came back, you had
me scared", I shouted without thinking. Joe pinched my tits again
"Sir" and stared me straight in the eyes. "Fuck am I glad you guys
came back, you had me scared, SIR", I repeated. "That's better, do
you want to be let go in an hour?" asked Joe. "YES, SIR!" I shouted.
"OK, Pete, tell him about our little bet." Pete said he was Joe's
live-in slave and Joe was an expert in pain and discipline. Pete
would try to make me cum within one hour, if he made me cum I would be
Joe's new slave and Pete would be free. If I didn't cum in an hour, I
would be free.

They laughed and set the timer. The instant Pete touched me, my cock
woke up. He rubbed me all over with oil, going real slow over my
cock. He touched my armpits and tits until I was rock hard then
slowly stroked my shaft. I struggled not to cum. Just as I was about
to cum he pinched the head of my cock real hard. The shock stopped the
cum. Pete was a real expert. He kept taking me to the peak and then
stopping at the last second until I was bursting for release no matter
what. Joe yelled, "You got two minutes". Only two minutes, I tried
to hold back but Pete took me higher and higher until the cum spurted
out in an explosion.

I blinked at the bright sun. Dazed, I squinted at the lake. I
rubbed my sticky hand on my stomach. Just a daydream! I cleaned
the cum off with my socks then pulled on my shorts. When I felt my
cell phone in my pocket, I remembered the scrap with the phone number.

I called the number. "Dungeon Master Jason" it answered.
"What's this slave auction?"
"SIR!"
"What's this slave auction, SIR?"
"Better, are you 18 or over and have ID?"
"Yes, sir"
"Ever been a bondage sub?"
"Only self bondage and fantasy, SIR."
"Interesting. Is your ass virgin? Ever been fucked up the ass?"
"No, SIR."
"Very interesting, why do you want to be a slave?"
"Not only for the money. It's my fantasy, I dream about it every
night, SIR"
"Rules are you will be a slave for 48 hrs. You can't quit once you
start. We have dungeon monitors so rules against unsafe sex, breaking
the skin, or dangerous activity are enforced. There is no safe word.
Your master must keep you here either in our clubroom or private rooms.
You will go through hell, be whipped, chained, fucked, and tortured.
Be completely under the power of your master for 48 hrs. You will
sign a waiver. Do you understand?"
"Yes, SIR. How much money, SIR? "
"This is a charity auction. After 48 hours, you are given the cash you
were sold for to give to you favorite charity once you get home. Do you
follow?"
"I think so. It's for charity, and I know who my favorite charity is.
SIR"
"You got it. Last week slaves went from $200 to $1500 but there is no
guarantee. If you are not shitting me you should do well but your ass
will be grass."
"Sounds good, SIR"
"Be at 832 W. Bradford at 7:00 Friday. Bring two Ids. Don't bring
much cash or anything expensive. We have lockers for slaves but don't
like to take chances."
"Yes, SIR", I said as I hung up writing the address and time on the
back of the scrap of paper.

I pulled on my shirt, the sticky socks, and my shoes then walked back
to my dorm room thinking about Friday. The guys and girls on my floor
joked at the huge boner showing under my towel as I headed to the
showers.

The week dragged to Friday. After my last class, I ran to my room and got ready. I put on my oldest faded torn pair of Levis. It turns me on to freeball so no underwear. A tight black T-shirt and some flip-flops and I was done. I put only my driver's license, my school ID, and $10 in my wallet. I left a note for my roommate that I would be hanging with some friends and may not be back until late Sunday night. I walked the half-mile to the el, paid my fare then headed to
"Boys Town" area where the "Black Rose" was located. I was excited by the challenge of this adventure. Would I chicken out? No, I was determined. I got off on Belmont and walked to Halsted. I slowly worked my way up the street stopping at the windows of XXX-video
stores, sex shops, and gay bars like a kid at a candy store. Just past the gay bar Cell Block was Bradford Street. I walked past the address to check it out. The address was a black unmarked door in an old moving &amp; storage building. A couple of tough looking guys in black leather went in. I explored the "Boys Town" area until it was time to go in. 

At 7:00 I went in. The inside was pure industrial, concrete floors and beams. A guy in a leather vest was checking Ids. He looked me over and smiled. "Hey Tom, glad you made it. Somebody's dream will come true this weekend." He handed me a form to sign and made copies of my Ids. He led me through a door to a small stage in a crowded room. I saw bondage tables, chains hanging from the ceiling, stocks, and other bondage devices. Jason pointed to a "1" painted on the floor and said "Stand here, No talking!" I looked into the crowd. All eyes were checking me out. Soon other guys about my age were led onto the stage until six of us were standing on the stage.

Finally Jason shouted "Tom, front and center! Present your ID!"

"Yes, Sir" I shouted walking up to him and handing him my wallet"

"Are you 18 or over?"

"Yes, Sir. My birthdate is 08/05/1992, Sir"

He looks at my ID and says that's correct, and throws my wallet into a basket on the floor. "Take off your shirt, and throw it in the basket!"

I take off my shirt and drop it in the basket. Jason fastens a leather slave color with a "1" on a metal plate around my neck and locks it into place. He slowly rubs my chest then the bulge in my Levis. "Ever, been a bondage sub?"

"No, Sir but I dream about it every night, Sir"

"Take off those flip-flops" I kick them off and put them in the basket. He takes some leather
cuffs out and buckles them to my ankles. I am now rock hard. 
"Drop those levis" I drop my Levis into the basket. The crowd yells when my hard cock pops out and sticks straight up. "You'll be naked until Sunday when we free you. He's got potential!" says Jason smiling. I reach for my cock, "Don't touch that, Slave!"

"No, sir"

"Is your ass virgin? Never been fucked"

"Yes, sir"

" I don't know if I believe you. We'll have to let the bidders check your ass out"

He leads me from the stage to the stocks set up in the main room. They are about waist high. I bend over and he locks my neck and wrists into the stocks. He snaps the cuffs into rings on the floor to spread my legs. He dumps a glob of goo on my back. "OK guys you got 10 minutes."

Some beefy hairy guys start at me. One holds my head up looks in my eyes while another stick his finger up my ass. I squirm but am helpless. He pushes farther in, my eyes water and my toes curl. After a couple minutes they say, "Yep, this is fresh meat! We are going to have fun. You like hairy bears?"

"No, Sir but when you force me to do what you want while I struggle,&nbsp; you will enjoy me."

Others test me and find my ass tight. Jason leads me back to the stage. He puts leather cuffs on my wrists then clips me spread eagle to chains from the ceiling and rings on the floor over the "1" painted on the floor. Jason does the same for the other guys but they don't claim to be virgin so the stocks are skipped. He tells the crowd, you have 30 minutes to check these slaves out before the bidding starts. About 20 from the crowd come up to the stage.

A trim well-built guy in his late 20s rubs my chest and slowly moved his hand to the tip of my swollen cock. " I'm Tyler, I could have a lot of fun with this. To get to see if we are in synch, tell me a bondage scene you would want me to do to you."

"Yes, Sir! ", I say as a scene flashes before my eyes. "I'm naked like now with cuffs on my wrists and ankles, lying on the floor, you clip my ankle cuffs to a winch and slowly pull me up. The winch spreads my legs as it lifts me. You clip my wrists to rings in the floor. You turn the winch until I am spread eagled upside down. You take a soft whip that does not break the skin and whip me on my ass, chest, and legs. You alternate by slowly massaging all the sensitive parts of my body especially my cock. Stopping just short of giving me release. You rub my ass and insert your finger slowly expanding and relaxing my hole. A few more clicks on the winch straining my arms and legs a little more before you start again with the whip. After a few cycles you take off your shirt. This goes on until you are standing naked in front of me with a rock hard cock. You slip on a condom and move in back of me holding my legs tight. Your cock presses insistently against my hole, very slowly I accept it until you are completely inside. Swaying slowly together, in and out, I get more and more excited. When you finish off with powerful strokes, I also explode with release." 

"Wow, I can handle that, see you later, I hope" remarks Tyler.

A three big burly hairy bears start mauling my body, obviously with gang rape on their minds.

A skinny older guy with nervous eyes that fasten on by cock and balls while he smiles crookedly asks me if I'm into CBT.

"CBT scares and excites me, Sir!" I reply.

"See you after the auction", he laughs and flashes a roll of hundred dollar bills.

I feel a soft hand rub from my armpits to the end of my cock. It hardens more and starts dripping pre-cum. "Glad you're at least Bi. Beautiful body, just like that jerk that dropped me in high school! I'm Ruth and this is Nadine. We like to enjoy hard cocks on helpless guys like you but only after you've suffered."

Jason starts the auction. I'm the first slave to be sold. Ruth starts at $500. The CBT guy ups it to $700 and the bears go to $800. Ruth say $900, Tyler $1000, CBT $1100, Bears $1150, Tyler $1200, Ruth $1300. The bears start talking to the CBT guy. Tyler goes to $1400, the CBT guy and Bears as partners go to $2000. Tyler says $2100 looking worried. The partners answer with $2200. Tyler shrugs his shoulder. Jason calls, "$2200, going once, going twice, SOLD to Guido, Tab, Rocky, and Buster for $2200. Tom, good price but you will earn it!!"

Guido, the CBT guy, unclipped me, told me to pick up a couple black suitcases by the front door. The suitcases were heavy. He led the way to a private room. There was a bondage table, winches, chains on the wall, etc. He told me that I was his for 24 hrs then I would be given
to the bears. He told me to put the suitcases down by a table on the back wall and open them. Then he had me unpack each devious item. He explained each device and how it could give exquisite pain, ball stretchers, ball weights, tit clamps, on and on. When we were
finished he picked up a cock restraint made of 7 leather straps with dull steel spikes on the inside of the bands. My cock was soft as he strapped it on. He put a mouth guard gag into my mouth and fastened it around the back of my head. He spread eagled me on the table and massaged the soles of my feet, my armpits, my tits. My cock started getting hard, the pain intense as it forced harder into the spikes. The pain made it swell, the swelling made the pain more intense. After 50 minutes he unfastened the restraint, removed the gag, unclipped me from the table, clipped my arms behind my back and told me to kneel on the floor. He unzipped his fly and ordered me to suck his cock. He said I better do good or he wouldn't give me anymore breaks. I really worked on him and hoped he was satisfied as I swallowed the wad he shot down my throat.

Next hour was clothespins pinching in a row from my armpits to my tit to my balls, to the tip of my cock then the same down the other side. Three times he readjusted each to make it more painful.&nbsp; 

The third hour he tied my cock and balls then attached the rope to a winch from the ceiling. I arched my back up to ease the pain as he stretched by cock and balls higher. Then he left me. My arms and legs started to cramp but I could not ease up because it would stretch by balls and cock more. After this agony I was barely able to suck him off but knew if I failed I would get no more rest. I was in a daze as he worked down the row of his toys over the next twenty-one hours. Finally just as I swallowed his cum, the door opened and the bears were standing there.

I got up and followed them back to the stocks in the clubroom. My neck and wrists were put in place and the stocks closed and locked. My ankles were clipped to the rings in the floor to spread my legs. Tab unzipped his fly and shoved his cock deep into my mouth. Rocky unzipped, put on a condom and moved to my ass. He pushed hard and quickly painfully forced his way in. When I stopped sucking, Tab pushed his cock in so I couldn't breath. I quickly began paying him
attention again. When Rocky finally came, they switched positions. With this system they had recovered by the time it was their next turn so they kept fucking me for hours non-stop. They put me in a harness and went at me while I was suspended. At last time was up.

Jason led as I limped back to the stage where the basket with my clothes was waiting. He gave me a wet cloth and towel to wipe off before I put my clothes on. He counted out $2200 and gave it to me. He warned me to take a taxi home because I had a lot of cash. Despite my aching ass, I tried to walk normally to Halsted where I flagged a cab to take me back to my dorm. $2200 was a lot of money but would I do this again? If I went again next week would Tyler be high bidder?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  RopesTom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





