BDSM Library -  Dear Clitical




 Dear Clitical
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A teenage girl writes to Clitical, a 'female masturbation methods' forum, regarding her own experiences and their recent consequences.






Dear Clitical
MFmm/f, Mast, Humil, WS, NC, Inc, BD, Voy, Tease, Orgasm denial.

A teenage girl writes to Clitical, a 'female masturbation methods' forum, regarding her own experiences and their recent consequences.


 ----- Chapter 1 -----

Dear Clitical,

Hello! I've been reading your forum on female masturbation, which is very interesting. I'm writing now to tell you about my own experiences, and ah... recent developments. It will be a rather long essay I'm afraid, because for reasons you'll see later I won't be leaving anything out.

Judging by your other submissions, things were pretty standard for me in the beginning. Started around 13, usually in bed at night, typical stuff. I'm 19 now, and still living with my family. For a couple of years I had a boyfriend, was having regular sex, and so my masturbation technique got a bit rusty. No need, you know? Then we broke up nearly a year ago and I quit taking the pill. Somewhere I'd read how being on the pill can reduce desire, but hadn't seemed to notice any 'reduced desire' myself while we were together.

Anyway, suddenly no more sex, and no more pill messing with my hormones. I don't know how much was the pill,&nbsp; how much was 'being 18', and how much was me missing getting well pounded several times a week, but the result was dramatic. When you *do* know what you are missing... I definitely was never as horny before.

The breakup had been miserable, 'I'm going to become a nun' grade. But not even a whole week later, before I could get seriously started on the moping around and feeling sorry for myself, my body started to let me know the Nunnery idea wasn't practical for a specific reason. Daydreaming about running away to lead a life of abstinence and totally no boys, is awfully difficult when your pussy is independently staging vivid sexsurround memory replays. 'Highlights of what I can't have now', complete with the pouting and dampness.

For a while I tried to ignore it, thinking it would go away. That's what nuns do, right? Ha! By the end of week two, Pussy Productions was screening 'Dude, where are my orgasms?' pretty much continuously, with a rowdy protest picket line standing at attention out the front. Consisting of my hard clit and puffy labia shouting slogans like 'Down with Abstinence!', 'Give it to me NOW!' and 'Unemployed Cavity Demands New Deal!' Not deterred at all by the increasingly wet conditions, and none of them apparently caring that they were making it impossible for me to get anything done. Such as my resolution to give up sex entirely.

So, fairly short story shorter, I gave up on the vows of celibacy idea, and went back to masturbating.
The initial plan was to only do it now and then, say, once a month. Yeah, perhaps a bit ambitious there. By the fourth orgasm the night I gave in, it was becoming clear that plan wasn't realistic. By the third such night, I thought this must be some kind of bounce back, things would settle down after a while, and I'd end up back with something like my habits before 'him'. Hopefully some kind of frequency I wouldn't have to worry was verging on masturbation fiend zone. At least I'd solved the distracting daytime hornyness problem, leaving only the lack of sleep problem. I thought.

It must have been about then, apparently, my hormones started fully working again after quitting the pill. Or anyway, I was wrong about being satisfied enough to not get turned on during the day by just about anything. Even worse, now whenever I did get turned on I'd be looking forward to some finger time later - and just thinking about that would usually be enough to keep me hot. Hot enough to keep me thinking about 'it', and how soon I could find an opportunity to touch myself. A vicious circle, even though during those daytimes there usually wasn't any opportunity.

When the term 'vicious' first occurred to me for what kind of circle my itchy pussy was, I was in a library and laughed out loud. Wondering what sort of other circles there were, that were really rather enjoyable. I realized that I quite liked this feeling; the tension combined with anticipation. It occurred to me that perhaps it might be interesting to play on that anticipation a bit more, and see what happened. Not to mention proving to myself that I was actually capable of doing something with my fingers other than exactly what my pussy wanted when opportunity came in the evenings.

That was a revelation. Sex isn't just about making it to orgasm as often as you can, it's also about all the stages on the way. The journey, and maybe not even arriving.

My first attempts to draw things out in the evening weren't very successful. Habit, carried away, poor self control, hopeless cum-addict, and so on. But there did seem to be an interesting effect - when I somehow managed to hold out a while, the resulting cum would be stronger. That, plus getting angry with myself for being so spineless, and uh... plenty of attempts, every night over several weeks, gradually got to the point where I could pull myself back from the edge repeatedly, until reaching some time limit or 'edge' count I'd set beforehand. Now it was really starting to pay off - the orgasms I could achieve after several edges were much more intense than any I'd known before.

An unexpected side effect, was that I was really starting to enjoy the feeling of intensifying hornyness itself. I'd edge myself then stop, savoring the urgent, throbbing need in my body, soaking in the burning *desire* to cum. In some ways I had grown to like it every bit as much as cumming itself, and become fascinated by how powerful that urge could be fanned. If the ordinary kind of daytime horniness I'd get was called a 'vicious circle' then this blazing thing I could build to with a few edges had to be a snarling Spirograph drawing with fangs.

Every girl can remember the first time they had sex. Another momentous event I remember, was when I first decided to edge myself as usual in the evening, but then *not* allow myself to cum till the next night. The effect was amazing! That next evening I'd had so much blazing hornyness fun during the day, I decided to keep going. In the end I lasted for three days.
I was hooked.

Another thing about sexual frustration, especially the heavy duty version I was experimenting with most nights, is that it stimulates the imagination. On things to do with sex, anyway. So over time my methods became more inventive.

After the split-up, once I 'gave up', it was back to doing it in bed at night. Then sometimes also in the bath before bed. Then I discovered the teasing thing, and I began to spend bath times working myself up to a fever, but not finishing it. So, I'd get out of the bath feeling about to explode, get ready for bed, do teeth, nightie, dressing gown, then go down and say goodnight. Sometimes I'd get caught up with a conversation with my kid brothers, or mum, or dad, and be dying to get off to bed, and get off. Something about that made it extra exciting. Wondering if they could tell, maybe? After doing that a few times, I decided it wasn't such a good idea, since its hard to act like your pussy isn't throbbing for it, when it is. I thought my parents were really old fashioned and ignorant about that stuff, but I sometimes got the feeling they thought I was being a bit weird. Besides, it seemed like the more often I masturbated, the more frequently I needed to cum, and after a few months of playing bath time teasing games with myself, I was finding it more and more difficult to quit it in the bath and wait till later. So I switched to having longer baths, with as much self-tease as I could stand without getting too many complaints about hogging the bathroom, then a cum.

Then bed, and some more teasing and maybe another cum if I couldn't bear to leave myself feeling needy. I found that lying still with my pussy throbbing, and fantasizing about sex, makes for *great* dreams when I do eventually get to sleep. On hot nights I'd lie naked, with the covers off, my arms and legs spread out as if someone had tied me so I _couldn't_ masturbate.

So that's the background, more or less. Where this story really starts, is with masturbation in the bath, and my discovery of other ways to use the massage spray head. Ours is an older style bath, with a mixer spout and two taps, and an add-on flexible hose to a hand sprayer that can be hooked on the wall like a shower. It's also possible to sit in the bath and use the sprayer on your back... or where ever you want to.

The hand massage spray head is great for use while sitting in the bath, lying back in only a few inches of water, and my heels up on the edge of the bath. It's a good way to tease myself, alternating between the pulsing spray, and fingertips on my clit. Building up with left hand or spray till nearly cumming, then bringing both up to my breasts. Watching myself as I hump my pussy up into the air, so wonderfully achingly close to the orgasm I'm not going to let myself have till its driving me crazy. The closer I get to orgasm, and the longer I tease it out, the wilder my fantasies get. Mostly including something thrusting deep inside. Often my ex-boyfriend, but other images too... my neighbor spying, or a hidden camera, or my parents walking in like I'd forgotten to latch the door. All leading via various scenes involving more nakedness and humiliating detailed discussion of my masturbation habit, to endings where assorted extra-large sized objects and penises get thrust powerfully into my vagina, as I have multiple big huge orgasms. Of course.

This might be a good place to mention that one reason I broke up with my boyfriend, was that he was such a wimp. I wanted a man, but he was always being so passive. It used to piss me off, and we'd have nasty fights. I never told him directly, but he should have just told me to shut up, stripped me, and given me a good hard fuck. Maybe with a bit of spanking or something for being bad, I don't know.

Maybe I should have told him about those fantasies I have where I'm being tied up. But a girl shouldn't have do all the leading! At one point I'd shown him some net-porn pictures, of girls with shaved pussies. But did he say, 'hey, that looks so kinky, go on, shave yours! I dare you!'? No. I was hoping he would. I had to actually ask him if he'd like me to. He said 'oh, OK, if you want to.' Hopeless wimp. I did anyway, and I could tell he liked it. I liked it too, so I've kept it shaved ever since. My parents... well, for now lets say that at the time I was afraid they'd think I was terribly sinful, if they'd found out.

Anyway, back to the bathroom. The problem with using the bath for my games, is that it's risky to smuggle my vibrator around with the rest of the family at home. It would be very obvious in my dressing gown pockets. And the room is not so soundproof either, so buzzing noises are unwise. Apart from boring deodorant spray cans, that leaves one needy pussy getting only some fingers when I finally let myself come. And come, and come, if I get carried away. Though, with only a few inches of water, and my body arched up so the only things in the water are my shoulders and back of my head, I can be very quiet. No wild threshing in the water, just the same old shower spraying noise.

This is what started this whole thing off - my new discovery about the sprayer, and its consequences. Recently, I found that the hose fitting is only screwed loosely to the massage head. Unscrewing and sliding back the sleeve leaves a plain flexible hose with a smooth stubby thing at the end. At first I experimented with a slower flow of water, holding my thumb over the end of the hose to get a hard, fan-shaped spray. That was very nice when held just so on my clit, or between finger-spread labia. The massager spray never was solid enough to really push its own way inside. Adjusting the temperature with my foot on the tap, the water penetrating intensely as I hover on the verge of coming... It's very good.

The next effect didn't really occur to me, it just sort of happened during one moment I wasn't thinking clearly. I kind of accidentally on purpose pushed the end of the hose inside my vagina. Luckily, it was set hot but not too hot. As the feeling hit me, I clamped down, and quickly found out that being filled down there doesn't have to mean something long and thick and solid. This is another wonderful feeling every girl should try. The only problem is that things get very quiet without the massage head spraying, and it's hard to not make any unexplainable groaning noises as your vagina rapidly and exquisitely takes up a lot more space among all the other near-to-orgasm bits. Then there's the odd splurshing sound the water makes when I let it out. I could always say I was just splashing in the bath. Hopefully, no one would listen at the door for a while, and realize it happens over and over.

This has given me some really mind-blowing orgasms, so much so that I have to be careful to make sure I don't do this with the plug in the bath. I've 'come' very near to fainting like this. Not to mention the whole new dimension it gave my 'caught' fantasies, now that I was not merely lying on my back in the bath, tensing legs spread wide over the sides thrusting my swollen sex up high as I twiddle my clit. Now I was doing it with a plastic hose sticking out of my shaved vagina, and water gushing out every time my contractions overcome my clenching. A whole new realm of bad girl naughty.

Several weeks later, in the midst of another bath time fantasy involving outraged parents insisting on lengthy demonstrations of exactly what I'd been doing to myself when they walked in, and in which somehow both my younger brothers and ex-boyfriend had become actively involved assistant directors, another of my brilliant ideas came to me. I'd just got to the part where they were discussing 'corrective measures'. Nothing so simple as a spanking of course. Somehow the idea of "punishment to fill the crime" popped into my spinning mind, just as I came for the third time that bath. Of course, as the orgasm blew away my control, the pressure inside me vanished in a splurge of escaping water. Somewhat disappointing as usual.

This trick makes for great teasing and orgasm beginnings, but tends to sabotage cums with that sudden decrease of sensation. If only my vagina could be kept full as I came. Really, achingly, uncomfortably full, like some sort of punishment to fit the naughtiness... Ah ha! Not exactly a light bulb of an idea, more like a pink party balloon drawn above my head. Like those party balloons I have a packet of in my room. Which are very small in their natural state; easily smuggled into bathroom in my pocket.

The next night, several assorted color party balloons discretely accompanied a rather nervous and eager me to my evening bath. Eager? More accurate to say shaking with arousal already. I didn't even bother with any of the usual self-teasing. Ran the bath, placed the small pile of balloons handy on the bath side, got in, unscrewed the shower head with unsteady fingers, adjusted the water for a slow, warm flow, and excitedly tried a trial inflation - holding the red balloon neck over the end of the pipe.

They were well sized - the balloon opening conveniently tighter than the hose, making it easy to hold them together. The balloon started to fill, and immediately tried to turn into a drooping teardrop shape. Lowering it into the bathwater, it regained its balloon-nature mostly. I let it fill up more, to a size that surely would be far larger than my pussy capacity. Removed the tube, and tried knotting the balloon. A bit tricky, but yes, it's easy enough. I tried to undo the knot, but that wasn't going to happen. So I just let it loose in the bath, where it bobbed about in the shallow water.

My heart was pounding now - just thinking about what this might feel like had me clumsy with eagerness. I allowed my legs to fall wide apart. Hmmm, how to...?

There were still only a few inches of water in the tub, and leaning back my slit was fully out of the water. I slipped my left index finger inside, as if I didn't know I was already as wet and slippery inside as needed. Just checking. And a bit more checking, mmmmm.... But no sidetracking! Pressing another deflated balloon to my opening, I tried to push the floppy blue rubber inside, while holding the neck with my right hand. It went inside easily, then came back out again along with my finger. Ah. Needs a little bulk. I added some water, giving the balloon its basic, uninflated tiny football shape. A quick smearing of that in my own lubrication, and a simple push, and 'pop!' (feeling much like that anyway) it slipped inside leaving only the neck protruding, still held in my other hand. Looking rather odd, and feeling... rather odd. A slight outward tugging, and a faint feeling of something unidentifiable being inside.

Definitely a promise of bulkier pleasures to come. I slipped the balloon neck back over the hose, and suddenly felt warm water flowing inside me. Flowing in, and growing. And growing... and shifting deeper inside. More deeper, growing. The neck developed a tighter stretch, tugging inwards as I guess the rest of the balloon slid further in, to more roomy regions. Mmmm, very interesting feeling. I tried clamping down, which made the water suddenly try to inflate the section of balloon neck outside my body. But I wasn't going to allow that! Shifting my grip on the join, I let it move closer to myself, while also wrapping my hand around the swelling part, squeezing it back down. Mfff! That water surged inside, past my tightened opening. And the growing inside me resumed.

Over the next few moments, there was a struggle between the part of me that wanted to see how this would feel at the largest size short of outright painful, and the part of me that wanted my hands free for other urgent activities. It took both hands to hold the balloon neck tight to the hose and prevent outbreaks of swelling balloon neck. The thing also began seriously wanting to disappear into me if I let it slip, as the rest of the rubber grew tighter and pulled inside me. Which wouldn't do any harm I guess, as it would merely deflate in there, and have to be fished out. But not in the plan, so I persevered. And did my best to hold my hips still too, despite their increasingly intense desire to squirm.

Ahhh... remembering that first experiment is always so intense. It's always like I'm living it again, feeling it inside, my heart rushing again with that surge of urgent horniness. Given what it led to, how things are now, makes the recollection almost overpowering. Uhhhh... so hard to do this, to just keep writing. I'm shaking with the ache of it, but ... to continue the description...

The most amazing thing - my flat tummy just above my pubic mount actually bulged up! With just squirting water in, I'd never been sure if I could really see any change to match the filled-inside feeling. But the balloon sure was making an obvious difference! Ohhh! So filling! And my swelling tummy made me really want to touch it, hold my hand on it and massage the fullness. But I couldn't. Still needed both hands for holding the hose tight. It occurred to me this must be a bit like how an enema feels! I tried to stifle a low moan, mmmm this is really, um, intense. Pussy wasn't feeling empty anymore! I closed my eyes, grimacing in a silent breathy 'Ooooohh! So goooood. But really... have to... stop.... sooon.'

About then, I realized I'd been reflexively clamping down, the same as I always did with just the hose in my pussy. But I don't need to, the water can't get out! So I deliberately made myself relax down there, like giving myself to the growing water volume. It made a huge difference, a whole new feeling, of being _taken_over_ by the water. I caught myself making a kind of low whimpering sound, and went quiet again. Oops! Can't do that!

It occurs to me that this way, with the balloon, I've totally relaxed all my abdominal muscles, and the water still keeps on building. There's nothing controlling it but my hands sealing the neck to the hose... and what if they were someone else's hands! What if I was tied up or something - there'd be nothing I could do to stop the filling. I tried pushing down - no effect at all! God! They could fill me as big as they wanted, then tie it off...

For some reason at that moment, with my eyes closed and my insides shifting and stretching with a feeling of being filled up far greater than anything I'd ever experienced, my imagination chose to resume a scene from the fantasy that had led to this whole experiment. Me, lying in the bath, moaning and squirming as the water flowed slowly into my straining vagina. And standing around in the room, my parents, brothers, ex-boyfriend, all observing me sternly. And why does it seem like everyone assumes my _EX_ boyfriend will be staying in my bedroom anyway? But before I can follow that thought, my mother speaks in the vision.

"No dear, you will stop when we say. Not before, you hear!" Bratty youngest brother adds "You can fit heaps more, sis!" Dad shushes him, and glares at her "This is meant to be a punishment, girl. Not more of your lewd orgasm addiction. You'll fill yourself till you cannot fit another drop." It seemed so real, it kind of shocked me. In retrospect, I should have taken a hint right then.

I opened my eyes and the room was empty, apart from me blowing up a water balloon in my cunt. But somehow, that exchange had given me a perverse will to see how much I really could take. I can always let some out again before having my fun. Fuck, my clit is so hard its painful. But I can't touch it - both hands occupied. I wish I'd set the flow rate a bit faster, this is frustratingly slow. But probably best, to give things time to adapt and shift around.

Finally, with a few twinges of real pain beginning, I twist the neck closed and let the hose drop free. I feel like someone stuffed a sleeping bag into my pussy. Well, what now? I'm still using both hands to hold the neck closed. Its pulling inside very tightly too. If I let go, I'd have to do it all over again. There's only one way - have to knot it. Which isn't going to be so easy, given how much it wants to snap away to inside me. I twirl the neck into a cord that at least isn't trying to inflate outside me. Fumble with it for several moments - need three hands! Finally, its knotted. I let go, and it 'snaps' away out of sight inside me, producing a fluid jolt felt inside my very swollen belly.

And now, suddenly, my pussy looks entirely normal again! The lips are rather protruding, and about as swollen and darkened as they tend to become 'in the bath'. I put a hand on my raised belly surface - it doesn't look _too_ abnormal if you didn't know how flat my belly normally is, but it sure feels odd. Especially when I ...unnnngh!.... push down on it. Wow, that feels amazing. That little football is now a full sized one, by the feel. There's not the slightest chance that I'd be able to push it out.

Pressing a fingertip inside my opening, it goes in less than an inch, before meeting the taught curved surface of the water balloon. It seems to be sitting low in my pelvis, spreading out to either side just past my pubic bone. A tentative press against the surface, and the shifting feeling is all through my lower body. I wonder what shape it is, really?

That's funny... I feel around, and can't find the knotted neck. It must have pulled around to one side, in a bit further? I feel as far as I can, between the tight surfaces of balloon and my vagina, but its an awkward angle, and beside, things really are squeezy in there. Any extra strain is quite uncomfortable. Anyway, it will be easy to simply prick the sucker when I want to deflate it. So much for 'letting some out.' 'Prick'... ha ha!

I'm just about to lie back, put my feet up on the sides of the bath, and get on with things, when it occurs to me that I've finished with the hose now, And so could put the massager head back on, and use it. Best of both worlds! A moment's quick re-screwing and water flow adjusting, and I'm ready to uh... spray and screw. Plugged and play? Mmmmmm... lie back, and begin with my breasts.

My nipples are already hard as pebbles, but now when I direct the pulsing jet against my right one, while squeezing the breast up with my left hand, the messages this always sends to my sex don't have anything like the usual effect. They are MUCH stronger than normal. My pussy seems to be fluttering on the verge of clenching by itself, but when it tries, the stretched feeling intensity verges on painful, and the muscles relax... for a moment. But tingles in my nipples make my pussy try to squeeze again, and so the spray on my breasts makes a kind of super intense shuddering sensation in my sex.

Damm... I can't take it for more than a second, and every time I spray my nipples I can't help a soft moaning gasp, and my hips jerk upwards hard, thighs straining. Finally, I have a hand free to feel my tight belly, and touching it, cupping my palm over it, feels incredibly good. Sooooo full... My fingers are inches from my throbbing clit, but I'm still in barely enough control to know that if I even touch it lightly, I will come like a train. I don't want to yet, ohhhh, this is the most awesome tease ever - I'm soooooo close, its sooooo intense... but somehow not being able to clench my pussy without that near-painful too-full feeling, stops it from just happening by itself.

It all gets a bit hazy for a while. I can remember a few specific moments- like with my hips jerking up out of the bathwater, then falling back in, the first balloon I'd filled kept getting washed in underneath me, so I'd come down with it squishing under my arse, or back. I'd keep on pushing it away, too distracted to deal with it properly. This was by far the most mind-blowing, teetering-on-the-verge-of-massive-orgasm self torturing tease I'd ever managed. From right near the start the semi-painful feeling when my pussy muscles even half-tried to tighten, made it occur to me that actually cumming, when my muscles would really clamp down, might hurt more than a little bit. So I was kind of afraid to go there even though I wanted to so badly that the want, and the need in my sex was a another kind of hurt. One I like a lot.

This was a whole new dimension of self tease - being actually quite afraid to come. It made for an incredible feeling of loss of control, of being held helpless on the verge of orgasm by forces I could not control. Which just drove me totally nuts.

Between coherent thoughts, the fantasies were flying. Something about this experiment, the huge possessive fullness inside me, that I couldn't do anything about, seemed to make most of the fantasies involve this kind of thing happening against my wishes. The captive harem slave girl tries to swim to freedom, gets caught, and is sentenced to perpetual water-torture, desperately aroused but forever denied relief. Her writhing body and tragic pleading moans an entertaining permanent exhibit as a fountain ornament in a courtyard of the Calif's court, a warning to the other harem girls.

I think perhaps I may have been making some tragic moans myself, and may have lost track of the time. After a while of just brief sprays on my nipples, and rubbing my palm on my bloated belly, the urge to at least touch my sex, and my clit grew stronger. Even though I knew even slight contact there might pop me over the top. So I managed to hold off the breast sprays, and take my hand off my stomach. Dropped the spray, and just gripped the sides of the bath, as my hips continued to twist and thrust. This was nice too - it let me concentrate more on the feelings down there all on their own - that shuddery see-saw between the need to clench on the massive fullness, and the too-intense result of clenching, neither of which I could change in the slightest. Still, by doing nothing else at all, I could gradually back off a little from the verge of climax. Enough to risk brief exploring touches on my sex... so long as I kept my eyes closed and didn't add the boost of looking at my own bulged-up belly. So I just lay back there, eyes closed, and alternated fantasies, a bit of breast spraying, and brief light finger touches on my swollen, needy, and exceedingly invaded sex. My clit... when I finally dared touch it, was easily the hardest I've ever felt. By touch, it seemed to be sticking out like a tiny, hard, dick!

Eventually, there came a moment, just as I was again stroking a finger up my slit, alternating between dipping it inside and touching the tight balloon, and lightly tapping on my clit, when the full extent of my carelessness became known. I'd begun to notice that the bath was getting too full, and decided that I'd have to think about letting some water out, braving a much longed for and feared orgasm, and finishing in the bathroom. The water was really getting too deep; now well up over my ears as my head lay back in the water. After all this time, someone might call out that I've been in here too long, they want to use the bathroom - and with my ears underwater, I couldn't hear a thing. I didn't want to bother shutting off the spray till after I'd come, but that had better be soon or the water will be over my face. So I began teasing my clit, intending to go all the way this time. Closer, and closer... just the lightest of touches, and this was going to be totally awesome. Moaning, hips thrust high, the wave rose up and up, past all holding back now. I opened my eyes.

And there, standing next to the bath, looking down at me silently and arranged like spectators at some sporting event, were my mum, dad, and both my younger brothers. I was so stunned, I just froze, one fingertip still resting against my clit, the other hand pressed against my belly. The first balloon bumping against my thigh in the sloshing bathwater.



Sprung. SOOOOO sprung. Sooooo about to cum. So helpless to stop... my finger all by itself stroked my clit again, as my whole body exploded in the most overpowering orgasm of my life. My mouth had already been wide open, as I panted into the final moments, and now my pussy cramped hard, or tried to, and it _hurt_, but in a wild, beauuuutiful way, and my whole body tensed up, which made my lungs push air into the quiet moan I'd been forming, and it came out suddenly loud in the quiet room. "aaaaaAAAAHHHHHEEEEEYYYYYYOOOOHHH!" I guess I must have completely lost control at that point, because that's when it turned out that cumming with a really tight-filled vagina goes into some kind of feedback thing, where the pussy muscles keep clenching and relaxing by themselves, and each time they do, the pleasure/pain boosts the orgasm along. Overwhelming. I just kept yelling with each wave of cum, then barely managing to grab a breath before the next one.

I kind of blanked out. Really wasn't aware of what my hands were doing, but it turned out my 'little' brother Gary (he's 17) was videoing it all on Dad's tiny digital camcorder. And later it's been demonstrated to me, over and over, that I was frigging my slit madly with one hand, while the other just clutched at my belly, eyes scrunched closed, my face all red and screwed up like I was in pain. Of course with my hips jerking up and down, both the water and my breasts were sloshing around like crazy. Total cum-slut stuff. Fucking video camera. Time sort of ceased, but the recording shows it went on for about forty seconds, with a yelling, shuddering peak and gasp for air every five seconds or so, before anyone else made a move.

Even when Dad reached down and grabbed my wrists, pulling my hands away, then lifting me up out of the water, it didn't fully stop. I was too limp to stand, so he sat me on the side of the bath. Which made the water inside shift its weight, triggering another cum. I started to collapse outwards, but he and mum held me upright as I shuddered and squirmed. Naturally Gary kept the camera on me and there I was, sitting on the edge of the bath with feet still in the water, my hips thrusting obscenely with my thighs straining wide, and me slumped over so my face is directly above my splayed crotch, looking orgasmicly stupefied as I stare at my own sex. I remember being just completely out of it, astonished at what my body was feeling, and unable to think of anything but wanting it to keep on happening.

Which it did. Slowing now, but it turned out that if I deliberately squeezed, the same sharp pleasure/pain over-fullness would be enough to produce another orgasm. I simply hadn't the wish to make myself stop. On the tape you can hear mum and dad wondering if I was having some kind of fit, from the shock. What I was having, was out of control fantasy scenario, since there they all were, watching me, and mum and dad were holding my wrists and propping me up. The naughty naked slave-girl caught masturbating. By now I'd noticed the video camera too, but the whole scene was just too much to deal with rationally. Especially since it seemed like some confusing continuation of the fantasies I'd been having all along. I didn't have a very good grip on reality just then. Even the strangeness that no one was actually saying anything, somehow boosted the fantasy. Not to mention that my pussy was now really starting to ache all the time, even between orgasmic clenches.

In a few more moments, I was lifted out entirely, wrapped in a towel while being carried down the hall to my bedroom.&nbsp; I found out later that Brian, who is nearly 18, had heard my noises in the bath, and rather than call out if I was OK, had sneakily tried the door. Which in my excitement, I'd carelessly forgotten to lock. For just once. Typical. He'd looked in, then backed out silently and rushed off to tell everyone. Not just mum, everyone. Gary first. So of course, Gary grabs the camera, and is already recording when Dad, Mum and Brian turn up. Mum and Dad were too stunned to think to say anything like 'go away' to my wonderful kid brothers. So they say. But I'm not so sure. That moment when I opened my eyes and saw them all watching - I remember their expressions. And no amount of parental yelling about morals, sin, deviancy, blah, blah, blah, is going to convince me they weren't all getting a big kick out of the moment, in their different ways. Besides... but I'm getting ahead of the story.

So anyway, Dad carried me to my room, still shuddering regularly, and lowered me onto my bed. I'm not sure why mum then took the towel off me. She could have got another towel, and started rubbing me dry all over with that. No one asked Gary to stop recording, or the brothers to leave either. I suppose I was pretty distracting. It made my pussy ache a bit less if I spread my legs wide, so I did. Lying on my back, spread wide, still squirming around, panting hard, and regularly groaning in orgasm. I'd gone to put my hands back where I wanted to touch, but Dad grabbed my wrists again, and held them up above my head. It didn't help at all when Mum rubbed me down with the towel, and seemed to spend a lot of time on my breasts and crotch. It had to be obvious right there what that did to me, but did she stop? No. You'd think that she'd have been aware that trying to dry a snatch in that state is futile. On the video she looks quite puffed and flushed by then, but at the time I wasn't noticing.

Whether because I'd tried to touch myself again, or because I struggled to stop Mum pressing on my tummy as she dried me, I don't know. But Dad pulled the waist band from my dressing gown, and tied my wrists together to the bed head. Then, he seemed to notice that Mum was definitely overdoing the drying, and motioned her away. They all ended up standing around me again, the silent pervs. By this time I was starting to come to my senses a bit, between waves of orgasm, and was starting to feel the shock of what was happening. Oh shit! I finally paid some attention to them, and from about here on actually remember most stuff myself, rather than only knowing it from seeing the 'Annie's fuck video' Gary made.

The worst thing, was that even now I was aware again, and feeling utterly ashamed and humiliated, I _still_ couldn't stop myself orgasming repeatedly. One would fade away, I'd stop the gasping and moaning, feel so ashamed that they were all seeing me naked and hot, and I'd _know_ that if I let my pussy clench again, just once, the tightness and pressure shift inside my aching cunt would set me off again like a firecracker, into a cycle of clenching and cumming that took long groaning moments to die away again. I'd be lying there for a few moments of relative calm, wondering when anyone was going to do something, and I'd just accidentally give another squeeze.

I don't know- somehow the fact that they were watching me, and sometime soon the issue was going to be mentioned of why my tummy was so big, and why was I cumming over and over - these things seemed to make it impossible to _not_ clench again, not try and resist the need in my sex. Even if it was really starting to hurt by now. Still no one said a word to me, like I'm just some kind of exhibit. Everyone in total lockup. My brothers too chicken to make a peep, expecting to be told to leave at any moment and really wanting to stay. Both of them hoping no one notices they are there, and also sporting boners. Mum seeming to be suffering some sort of internal conflict between... what? Anger and excitement? Dad with an obvious boner, struggling with hmmm... horniness, worry, outrage and plain confusion.

As I said, I'd been lying on my back with my legs spread wide. But finally, having stopped cumming too often to think, it occurred to me that I could hide my pussy by crossing my legs. So I did, bringing my legs together, and my right knee up and across the other leg. It would have worked, except that this squeezed my still hard clit, and that made my pussy clench again, and that triggered another huge orgasm. This time I was squeezing my legs together, as well as hunching my hips (as seen on the video, dammit.) I wish I hadn't been surprised into moaning "Oh fuck! Ohhhh FUUUCK!" as I threshed around, scissoring my thighs together. If I hadn't done that, maybe Dad wouldn't have said "Annie! Will you _stop_ that, that... masturbation!" Which I didn't hear at the time. I did see a few moments later, gaining my senses again, as he glanced darkly at Mum, and said "Well, you'll have to stop her."

I suppose he thought mum would just tell me to stop or else, or something. But instead she grabbed a couple of my pantyhose, then my right ankle. She started to tie a pantyhose around my ankle, then changed her mind and tied it around just above my knee. Then she pulled the knee out really wide, so my lower leg hung over the edge of the bed. She tied the hose to a slat under the side of the bed. I tried to shift over, so I could keep my legs together, but she walked around the other side of the bed, and did the same to my other leg! Like, my thighs were doing almost a straight splits!

Then they all went back to standing there and staring at me. Me, with the rock hard nipples sticking up, the fully swollen up pussy lips, now pulled gaping wide so my fully hard little clit must be sticking right out there, just above my vagina that must be opened up quite a way, if how far inside I can feel cold air means anything. Me, momentarily in the relaxed trailing off of a cum, but already knowing that in a few moments, my bum cheeks are going to start flexing, rocking my so-splayed crotch up. And I'll try not to, but if my pussy clenches again, I just know I'll cum again. Because now this scene has crossed over into pure fantasy land - I'm tied up, on display, helpless, and cumming in front of my dad, and my brothers, and... my mum... who'd just tied my legs in an obscene split, so my brothers, and Dad too, could get a really good look. And her too, I think.

She certainly wasn't thinking about my modesty, or shooing the men folk out of the room. What she said next was a pretty good clue of what she _was_ thinking about. "Well! Our innocent little Annie has become quite the big girl, hasn't she? Quite the naughty, nasty, big girl." She seemed to notice my brothers for the first time... or rather, let them see that she knew perfectly well they were there. "I suppose there's no point making you leave now. You may as well stay and watch. Consider it educational. Gary, keep the camera going, please. And you girl... I don't want to hear one word from you! Not one word, understand! There's nothing to explain about. Your father and I have been putting off dealing with your nasty bathroom habits for too long. Now we find that you've gone far beyond even the sins we expected! So be it. Unless you are asked a question, just zip it!"

The others all were staring at her now, as if this New Mom was some big surprise. It was I suppose; Mum was always a cheerful soft person, except for a few times someone of us kids messed up.

Then she started going through my room! Pulling drawers out, and rummaging. I almost complained, then remembered - I'm not supposed to speak. Not in a position to complain anyway. I resign myself to Mum finding stuff she shouldn't. And she does. I thought I'd hidden that shoebox pretty well, in the space underneath the bottom drawer of my clothes cabinet. But she found it. By that time, I was really having a problem with my muscle control, as my arse was already flexing whenever I stopped concentrating on not doing it. And my pussy... felt sooooo full, and wanted real bad to squeeze again. Just one little one, go on, you know you want to... it was whispering to me as I watched my Mum pull the box out. She didn't have to blow dust off it - there wasn't any. That box gets used almost every day. Or rather, its contents do...

She had to make a performance of it. Carried it still closed to the bed, put it down between my legs, where everyone was looking. Made a big thing of running a finger over the top, and theatrically illustrating there was no dust, just so everyone else would notice too. Then she lifted off the lid, like off some main course to a formal dinner. Inside... I couldn't see in, lying back as I was, but I knew exactly what everyone saw.

My big vibrator. And a smaller one I don't use much. A bulk pack of new 'C' energiser batteries for the big vibe, about half missing. An unopened packet of 'ribbed for her extra pleasure' condoms, that my ex boyfriend (Adrian, by the way) had bought as spare, before I went on the pill. A part-used cycle of contraceptive pills. I'd stopped when we split up. A small pile of Polaroid photos, that we'd taken of each other, mostly as we fucked and stuff. I'd been glad to keep all of those myself. Some love letters from him, the big wuss. Now (again) I was wishing he hadn't gone so clingy and expressive when I started to get sick of him. It would have been much better if he hadn't written so much about how he loved the ideas I came up with in bed, and listed them. All. Terrific. Why did I keep those letters? Now Mum was going to read about how excellently I gave head, my 'fantastic insatiable desires and ever-hungry pussy', and how I loved to be 'made to do things'. Not that he ever came up with much to make me do.

What would also have been good right now, was if this awful scene wasn't keying right into my most humiliating fantasies. I really wanted to stop being so turned on. I really wanted my tight-filled pussy to just relax, and cool down. But it wouldn't. That 'squeeze me!' need was still growing back. When Mum held up the vibrator, low over my crotch and oriented the right way, just so everyone got the idea, I flinched. Or more of a twitch really, from knowing well how that vibe felt sliding into me. Naturally it was my pussy that twitched. And then... same cascade as I was becoming very familiar with today. The twitch shifted the water, which pressed on something aching for more, and my whole pussy clenched hard, and that felt... and so I came again, hard. With my legs spit wide like that, it was different. I could feel my cunt entrance squeezing and opening up again. It almost felt like something was fucking me, shallowly. So my hips bucked up, wanting more. I lost control completely, and panted and moaned, straining against the bonds.

On the video, my dear brother having been given the parental OK for the recording, lost his shyness and shifted the camera to close up,&nbsp; right over the foot of the bed, looking straight into my humping twat, and up my body to include my face, and the look on it. I had to admit, watching it later, that I looked like a real slutty sex maniac, and deserved all that I got. And I don't mean 'had to admit' in the abstract sense either. Mum and Dad actually made me watch it several times, and insisted I did agree, in writing, to that statement. As well as other stuff. But that's getting ahead of the story again.

My brothers were being bolder in general; no longer trying to play 'we are not here, ignore us' Jedi mind tricks with our parents. Both of them were now making intelligent, mature comments to each other like "Wow!", "Holy shit, what a cum animal!" and "Look at those tits bounce!" No one paid them any attention.

Dad seemed to finally remember that he was supposed to be the deep thinker and leader, and said to Mum "That's sure a conditioned reflex, if I ever saw one! Just showing it to her... look at her bounce! My god, are those photos of... ?"

Mum picked them out of the box, glanced at a couple, nodded with a strange sly look at Dad, and passed them to him. She looked down at Dad's tented pants. "There's a packet of condoms in here too. I think we are going to have to make a few changes around here, if our darling innocent daughter is going to keep living with us, and expects us to support her through Uni. For the next few years, she's going to have to be a lot more *open* with us, don't you agree dear?"

Dad was flipping through the photos. "What? Oh! Yes, hmmm..." He holds up one photo I couldn't see, obviously comparing it to my wide spread pussy. "Hmmmpf! Yes, I think... indeed. Definitely! If this is how she uses the support and privacy and respect and trust we've given her, there'll have to be some big changes." He flips more pictures. "Look at this! Vegetables! With that boy she was seeing last year, and in this room, right here! Shocking! One thing is for sure, she's no virgin, ha ha! The whole thing!"

He paused, looking at me still writhing on the bed. I'd sort-of stopped cumming, but having them go through the pictures, was somehow keeping me up on an almost-still cumming plateau. So humiliating, and what were they all going to do to me?

"That's quite a state she's got herself into. How many times is this she's orgasmed? Is she _still_ do you think? Dammed close to it!"

Mum is standing beside the bed, looking at me intensely. She kind of shrugs to herself, and places her palms on my thigh close to my hips. She rests them there, motionless, feeling the muscles of my thigh moving rhythmically as my hips rock. "No, I don't think she is, just now. You're right, she's still very aroused. Very close. I wonder..."

"Well, I must say, its very um... fascinating to watch. Shaved too! Don't you think it's strange that Annie is hardly finding this a turn-off?"

"'Fascinating'?" Mum glances around at the three pairs of trousers pointing outwards at the crotch. "Silly, you mean it's a huge TURN ON, don't you? No need to be shy. Any male that didn't get an erection watching this, is no male. As for Annie, yes... you know, I believe she's enjoying this. Look... if I do this..."

I'd been enjoying the feel of her hands on my thigh all right, and now she stroked boldly inwards, along the inside of my thigh, till her hand reached my splayed crotch. Which she proceeded to trace her fingertips all over, lightly, and avoiding my clit. I couldn't help but moan, and hunch my pussy up to her fingers.

"See.... You want to come again, don't you, Annie dear?"

I moaned, and hunched up 'yes!'.

"No dear, I want you to answer me. You find it exciting to be caught masturbating, and to orgasm while tied up in front of us all, don't you? You want to come again, don't you? You want to come for us."

She stroked my pussy lips harder for just a moment, then went back to her super light, tantalizing touches. I could tell I was going to come again eventually anyway, so why fight it?

"Ohhhh yes... "

"Now Annie, don't be shy. Tell us what you want... you want to come again for us, don't you? Say it!"

Well, now that she put it like that, I guess I did. "Uhhhh yes, yes, I want to come! Want to come for... you."

"For just me, dear? No, you want to come for Dad too, and your dear brothers, don't you? I'm sure they'll appreciate it *much* more than me." She briefly stroked right on my clit. "*Don't* you?"

That quick contact alone nearly brought me off, but not quite. Teasing? My mum was teasing me! I wasn't thinking anymore, too close. Just wanted another touch like that. "OHHH! Oh, yes please, I want to come, for... Dad, and Brian and Gary too. Please!"

"Very well then. Now boys, you see this little bump of flesh sticking out all hard and excited right here? That's her clitoris. A girl's clitoris is very sensitive, you should always be gentle with it. Unless of course, you want to punish a sex-crazed nympho daughter for being a filthy minded masturbating exhibitionist slut. In which case much more vigorous contact is appropriate!"

Suddenly, she started rapidly rubbing three fingertips up and down firmly over my clit! Much harder than I like. And I couldn't do anything to stop her, apart from jerk my hips up and down, which didn't help at all. It was clear that nothing I'd say would help either, but I tried anyway.

"Ahhh!OH! No! PLEASE! Don't Uhhhh! OW! Unnnnggghhh!! Owwww! Uh! Uh!..."

She took no notice, except to speak loudly to me, over my gasps. "You will never masturbate again so long as you live here! Never! You will _never_ masturbate! Not once, not ever! From now on, your body is not yours to play with. You will not go out with boys. You are permanently grounded. If this is how you abuse yourself in private, then you will have no privacy. You will do as you are told. You will do what _ever_ you are told. Right now, you will orgasm, and you will do so several more times this evening. And this is just _part_ of it. Your father and I will work out the details of your new role in this household. Slut!"

If I wasn't already so close, this probably wouldn't have done it for me. I think. Maybe. There was a kind of dark thrill from hearing her speak like that. Anyway, I came again. Gasping and panting, and trying to squirm away from the too intense rubbing. The feelings from my clit almost made me forget the state of my pussy, but at the first clench, I was reminded. God! So intense! I yelled and wailed at the top of my voice, as my mum kept on tormenting my clit, and the water kept on tormenting my poor pussy. Relentlessly. And I kept on cumming for what seemed the longest one yet that evening... bucking and writhing, gasping-

"Ohhhhh fuuuuuck! ooooooooFUUUCKKK! Ohhhhhhhh..."

I didn't quite notice, but at some point in this, more hands found my body. I only really became aware, when it was trailing off, and I felt hands all over me! My breasts, my thighs, my sex. Everyone had copied Mum, and all of them were fondling me all over. It felt really nice, and then someone pushed a finger into my pussy. That made me pay attention!

I could feel the finger push against the balloon, and trace around its resistance. But no one said anything. Huh? I'd been dreading this moment, and then no sudden drama when I'm discovered?

Mum had finally stopped beating off my clit, and switched to all over stroking again. I looked down... who had the finger in there? It was Gary, with just one hand at my crotch, and the other still holding the dammed camera for Christ sakes! He seemed a bit confused by what he was feeling, but wasn't saying anything.

Both Mum and Dad had noticed who was trying the finger, and were watching him. Dad said "No need to be shy son, you can feel inside her. Go ahead. Plenty of other things have been in there!"

Gary just looked more confused. "But... there's something in the way. Um... I don't know... sort of rubbery." He was pushing in and out, pressing against the balloon each time. The pressure pulses inside me were doing their thing, again. Would this ever stop? There didn't seem to be any limit to how many times I was going to cum. He switched to two fingers, and pushed harder. I was looking down my body at this, and I could see my tummy rising up a bit when he pushed. Apparently, so could Mum. She put her palm flat on my lower belly, feeling that lift as Gary pushed just two fingers in.

"Goodness me dear! There _is_ something inside her! Here, you feel this." She placed Dad's hand where hers had been, and Gary obligingly pushed a few more times. "What is it?"

Keeping his left hand on my belly, Dad put his other hand to my sex, nudging Gary's fingers out of me. To be replaced by one of Dad's fat fingers. He pressed in, found the balloon. Felt around it. Frowned. "Stuffed if I know. Weird. Its not far in, lets have a look."

He peered down close to my crotch, and used two fingers of each hand to wedge open my cunny. He whistled in surprise. "Goddam! Look at this! Its one of those balloons that she had in the bathroom. Filled up with water I guess. Really, really full. Our daughter's one kinky girl all right."

Everyone crowded round my crotch, peering up inside me as Dad held me open. I really don't understand the mix of feelings I had at this point. Lots of shame and humiliation, but also a kind of relief - no more waiting for this moment. And excitement too. Weird huh? It made me think of what they'd do to me as punishment. Something... fitting the crime, perhaps? But what?

For the first time, Mum sounded a bit uncertain. "I suppose, um, I suppose it should come out. Can you pull it?"

Dad fumbled around some more. "No, I can't. Nothing to grab." He shifted his grip, putting more fingers into me then really spreading my slit open hard. "Gary, get a good shot up here. How's the light? OK? Can you see this inside her?"

Gary brought the camera in for a close up of my levered-open pussy, then panned up my body to my face. Till I saw this later, I had no idea how sexed-up I looked. No wonder no one was trying to talk to me much. I suppose seeing my vagina bulging full with a bright blue water balloon didn't help build respect either. It looks very over the top on screen, must have been a big surprise for them. Angelic Annie... not!

"I got it Dad. Plenty of light." Dad looked at me, without relaxing his painful stretch of my cunt. "How do you get it out, Annie?"

"Ummm... I was uhhh oh... gonna bust it. But I didn't do this... aaaahhhh ah ah before." Dad had taken to pushing against it again as I answered. It made me feel that same rising need for more.

Mum: How much water is in there, anyway Annie?"

"I don't know. Its a uhhhh lll.. lot, I think."

My brothers were just looking at each other and rolling their eyes. Mum said to Dad, all excited sounding "I want to know exactly how much! Wait, don't break it yet!" She rushed out of the room, and came back only moments later, with a very large mixing bowl and a pin. She held the mixing bowl next to my hips, and motioned the others to lift me up. They had to untie my knees first. Then mum slipped the bowl under my arse and let me settle back onto it. Wasn't comfortable at all. Then she held open my vagina with one hand, and holding the pin between two fingertips so only the very tip was exposed, brought it to the balloon, after getting dad to cup his hands over her own.

There was a sudden, massive 'splursh' sensation in my sex, and water was gushing out of me, running into the bowl. Mum delved into me with two fingers and retrieved the now shredded balloon. Pressed on my belly till no more water ran out of me. Dried my crotch off with the sheet, and extracted the bowl.

"Hmmm. So, it's not _that_ much. What, half a litre?"

"If that. Measure it later. May be worth repeating this sometime, huh? Certainly has an entertaining effect! Worth experimenting with different volumes. No wonder she was coming so much. See, her belly's a bit flatter now. I was thinking she'd just put on some weight. Otherwise nothing visible, except the cumming. Ha. Now her pussy feels like any standard, wet, hungry pussy. Hmm.... No, that's not right, hardly 'standard', is it? Don't think I've ever even read of such a trick, in um, you know. Hmmpf! Well, we've got this on tape, and you are right dear, there will have to be some drastic changes around here. Starting as of right now!"

He looked at Mum. "Honey, there are three hard dicks in this room, this extremely naughty and way out of line pussy here, and some condoms I see. Let's tie her legs back again, only this time back over her shoulders. You OK with that?"

"Yes dear, I think it's a splendid idea." She grinned wickedly at him, and then frowned darkly. "For starters. Here, you do that leg."

Now they tied my ankles to the bed head, with my legs spread wide and up over my body, pulling my bum way up into the air. Mum wedged some pillows under my curved back, holding my arse almost straight up. Result- one spread pussy pointing at the ceiling. She lifted my head, and put another pillow under there, so now I was looking straight at my own spread twat.

Terrific. As if I needed to be reminded of how 'fuck me!' slutty a shaven, spread, puffed up and gleaming wet pussy looks. The worst thing, was that when I squirmed around a bit, trying to shift the strain on my legs, somehow suddenly a whole lot of air rushed into my cunt. I could feel it stretching out again, much like when the balloon was in there. So, the surprise made me tense up, and that pushed the air out again. Whoops. It made a really loud wet farting sound, and in reacting to that, I pulled back... and in went the air again, this time making a sucking sound. I froze, afraid to move a muscle. Thinking, that the problem was that it had felt pretty good, the way the air vibrated my labia and clit. Quite nice... but not something I wanted to repeat while everyone stared at my noisy pussy in surprise. And how was I going to get that air out, silently? Of course, it looked like I was about to get fucked by my entire family, but somehow the air problem seemed more urgent.

Then Mum picked up my vibrator again. "Well well. Before you begin, sounds like poor Annie seems to be missing her comfy water balloon. Lets see if this plug will keep her quiet."

She turned it on full, and its loud humming filled the room. "Looks like you go through a lot of batteries, Annie. So you like it full on then? No, no, don't say anything, full on is fine by me. Here you go then."

She pushed the fat head of the vibe slightly into my gaping pussy, that I was struggling to prevent from tensing and making that sound again. It popped in very easily. She held it there, just with her thumb and finger holding the base. I could tell, because I was looking right at it, only a couple of feet from my face, bent nearly double as I was. The vibrations... ahhhhh! I never actually set it on full power myself, it's just uncomfortably strong. Beyond what I can deal with when I'm trying to draw out my pleasure, and it also tends to sort of paralyze my pussy. I just go limp there, and can't clench.

It looked from the way she was holding it, like it would just fall into me if she let go. Looking straight at my face, she worked it around very slightly, just a few millimeters. In and out, and rotating. The effect got hold of me, and I just went limp, barely even able to rock my hips. My mouth fell wide open in a big 'O' of sexual overload, as it does. Usually I'd have closed my eyes too, but the sight of my crotch so close, with Mum's hand steering that plastic dick around in me... I couldn't take my wide open eyes off it.

I could hear something being said about the camera, but missed it. Anyway, at that point the movie starts alternating between close ups of my vibe-spread puss, and my 'appreciative' expression. Brilliant direction by someone, great camera work from my kid brother. Full marks to all of them. Bastards. They are absolutely right, there is no way I can risk anyone else ever seeing that tape. Like, say, the police, if I wanted to complain about anything that happened later. I hadn't really thought it through then, but Mum and Dad were spot on right away - end of normal household life for little Annie.

She let the vibe go, and fall right into me it did. Literally. She'd been playing the fat head at my opening, and I'd relaxed even more, and even more air had slipped inside. So underneath that vibe was nothing but sucking cavernous pussy full of air. It didn't slide, it dropped. Freefall all the way without even any demolition charges. On the tape you can clearly hear it go 'thwup' as it hits bottom - in this case my cervix about six inches down.

Not just thwup, though. It's worse than that - on the tape you can even hear a soft, brief "thbtbtbt" during the drop as some of the air burps out, and then me going "UHHhhhh! as it beds in and the vibrations hit deep in my insides sending me into a kind of shock.

Then nothing much happens for several moments. Silence and stillness. Maybe they were expecting an explosion or something? 'There _should_ have been an enormous Ka-Boom!' ?

Actually, my poor buzzing pussy was even more paralyzed; I couldn't have squeezed to save my life. No chance of even gripping the thing, let alone pushing it up and out. It wasn't even touching me much inside, just the tip down against my womb, and at the entrance. The rest of me was an air cavity around it. Like nothing I'd ever felt before. Even worse than the 'full power' I'd felt before, because now there wasn't so much of me pressing the vibe to slow it down. Just the two contact points, cervix and lips, taking the full effect. And de lips-bone connected very closely to de clit-bone, sooooo....

At that point, it was pretty much goodnight Annie. My sex wasn't answering, and my brain was otherwise occupied. Captainless, my hips were trying to fuck upwards, to make that plastic dick poke me hard, but no matter how much my arse and thighs convulsed, it just sat there unmoving in my paralyzed pussy while my clit and cervix took shattering incoming fire. I won't even try to write what I sounded like on the tape. I don't even remember at what point I started coming, or if I was enjoying it. But I obviously was coming, and hard. Everything just got... well, real primitive. Annie, the mindless orgasm machine, the hunchback Fuck-gor. 'It Cums, doctor Frankenstein, it Cums!'

The fact that I could look at my pussy, right in front of my face, but do absolutely nothing about that buzzing monster sticking out of me... That made it even more intense in what little remained of my mind. And so it went on. Apparently its true - females can orgasm virtually indefinitely, if they have no way to stop the stimulation even when they have had quite enough. Lucky us, huh?



In the meantime, it seems, everyone else was standing around enjoying the show, and discussing a few technicalities of the situation. Like, were they going to all get it on with me in one big happy naked family orgy, or was I going to be passed around for private recreation? I suppose it was a bit of a tricky question. Could the boys bear having Mum see their hard willies, and watch them fuck their sister? Was Mum going to be naked too, and what exactly for? Dad too? Would it be Annie fucking only, or would maybe it be Mum fucking too? By who? Poor things, must have been some really difficult choices. Maybe if they weren't all so hot to fuck me, the panting cum-machine cunt on the bed, they'd have been too civilized to decide to... Yep, you guessed it. The informal vote went for the general naked orgy, with Mum a slightly hesitant backer. Very slightly reluctant. So slightly, going over the recording you could barely tell.

 So the next thing I knew, the vibe was pulled out of my snatch. I looked around, and only mum was wearing clothes. Three hard dicks, which makes four I've ever seen in my life. But the main question on my mind, was who had the vibe, and could I have it back please? For a moment I couldn't see it, then I realized that Mum had yanked it out of me, then slid it straight into herself, under her skirt. More of a deduction than observation, since all I could see was her hand at her crotch, moving something in herself. She backed away and sat down in my chair, still watching me, still thrusting _my_ vibe deep in _her_ pussy instead of mine, where it belonged. To judge by the way her hands were moving under her dress, and the look on her face.

"Well? Don't leave the nasty girl waiting boys." she said. And "Oh Annie. I happened to have a morning after pill lying around. So its your lucky day - they don't have to use condoms. I'm sure you'll prefer to have your naughty cunt _filled_ up with their wriggling sperm, won't you dear?"

Me, I was still out of it from the mega-orgasm overload. And what can one say to a question like that anyway? I just groaned a little, and squirmed around in my ties. Yes, it was a rather powerful idea, but I wasn't going to _say_ anything. Especially since with the vibrator plug gone from my pussy, I had my cunt-full-of-air problem back again. I knew if I moved again I was going to be making that awfully shameful noise.

"No really dear, tell them right now how much you want them to fill your naughty little pussy with their sperm."

All I could do was stare at Mum - how could she sound so, so... motherly, while saying something like that, _and_ while reaming herself hard with my big vibrator? She was getting quite carried away with the vibrator, and didn't seem to realize her skirt had ridden up her legs and gotten pushed back by her hands working the vibrator. Leaving her crotch fully exposed, as she rammed the fat white vibrator in and out of her darkly furred cunt. Or maybe she did it on purpose, to show herself off to the room full of hard dicks. I've never been able to decide, even watching the video over and over. It just seemed all so unreal, because she was still acting as if she was simply sitting there giving out directions, talking normally, except for getting more and more out of breath.

She looked crossly at me, and spoke to Dad. "Darling, I think our dear is being disobedient already. I really think you should give that slutty bottom of hers, that she keeps bouncing up and down so brazenly, a brisk spanking. Then make her ask you nicely for your help filling her empty sex. Same with the boys - they should each give her a good spanking to keep her warm before using uh.. her.... Uhhmmmm yesss, give her a good hard spanking then fuck her hard. That'll uhhhhh... be... yes... teach her... uuuUHHHH UUAAAAHHH! OH! YES! OHHHH YES, FUCK her, SPANK HER... AAAAHHHHHH! OH FUCK! OH FUCK HER! HARD! Yesssss.... ahhhh oh... "

And so I, and everyone else, got to watch Mum cumming then too. She'd obviously rather liked her own suggestion, and had leaned back further in my chair as she spoke, and started really plowing herself with my vibe. I don't know if she _meant_ to cum just then. But she sure did. Seems no one had thought to tell Gary to video only me, so he caught her too. Good one Gary. Hah. Later on Mum had wanted to edit that out, but got overruled. No one asked me what I thought, but I'd have said leave it in. Who's calling who a slut?

Anyway, if there was any ice left to break, that did it. Ice all smashed and melted, no more ice. Full scale family warming effect, rising dick levels everywhere, brought on by over-use of balloons. New global dick-tatorship, involving three horny guys with a hot tied-up chick's bottom to smack and then fuck with their raging hardons.

I suppose it's understandable that things got fairly chaotic for a while after that. I was watching mum, so I saw dad step over to her as she lay back half out of it from coming, and pull her dress off entirely. She didn't seem to mind, not even when he unclipped her bra and pulled that off too. She was still working the vibe slowly in and out of her pussy and shuddering with little post orgasm spasms, so I guess she was too busy to care. I was finding the sight of mum, nude and porking herself, totally absorbing. Till now I hadn't really noticed, but mum still has a pretty good figure. A little plump, but curvy. Really nice, big breasts, of the full, rounded kind, very little sag.

Dad then sort of hesitated for a little, standing looking down at mum naked and frigging herself dazedly in the chair. Why he did&nbsp; what he did next, I'll never know. From what I've learnt, it wasn't something that he and mum ever got into before. He picked a handful of my pantihose from my drawers, and very quickly, before mum could recover, he tied first her ankles wide to the legs of my chair, then grabbed one wrist after another and tied them down the back chair legs. By then she was paying attention, and looking at him in a 'what do you think you are doing?' way. But I guess when you just tied up your naked daughter in front of her dad and younger brothers, then dildo fucked yourself to orgasm in front of the whole family, and still have a fat vibrator buzzing deep in your puss with its base sticking out obscenely for everyone to see, it doesn't seem right to complain about being tied up yourself.

He ignored the looks, and started to get more creative. Maybe he always wanted to do this? He lifted her thighs up, and hooked them wide over the arms of the chair. Her tied ankles slid up the chair legs, and then he tied her thighs down to the chair-arms. Now her arse was right on the forward edge of the seat. One more pantihose he tied tight around her waist, with the knot at her back. The rest of that hose he slid forward under her bum, off the edge of the seat, and down tight to the crossrail. That one made it impossible for her to pull her hips back from the edge of the seat. My vibrator slid out of her cunny slowly, and dropped to the floor with a clatter. Dad picked it up, gave it a wipe with her dress, and shoved it, like a pirate's sword, under the pantyhose belt around her waist, at the front, with the tip pointing right at her pussy. Then he started working with another pantyhose tie-up around her breasts.

All that hadn't taken him long, till he started the complicated thing with Mum's boobs. I'd been so busy watching I'd forgotten about my dear brothers, who stayed mostly out of my view during this. Of course, Gary was still videoing, as I was reminded when he climbed on the bed, and started doing close up panning shots all over my body. With a lot of emphasis on my spread open, gaping pussy, pointing straight up at the ceiling.

Brian had been rummaging about my room I noticed, and now came over with his finds. He had a wooden ruler, both of my big candles from the holders on my bookshelf, the rest of my party balloons, a tube of hand cream, my other vibrator, my bicycle pump, a bunch of big elastic bands, rubber hot water bottle, roll of gaffer tape, a foot length of garden hose and my potted plants watering can it had been attached to, and a flashlight. That's what really irritates me about Brian - he's always coming up with his weird schemes.

He dumped the pile on the bed beside my shoulders, then lent over me to look straight down into my pussy. Hesitating for a moment, like he wasn't sure he was allowed or something, he finally put his hands on me - on my butt. I just glared up at him. Telling him to piss off obviously wasn't going to get me anywhere right then. After a moment of just sort of feeling my bare arse, he laughed.

"Gary, I guess we should do what mum says, right?" At the same time, he must have thought 'what the heck' and decided he really could touch me anywhere. His hands slid around, and onto my sex. "Fuck... fuck sis, I'm feeling you up. Gary! This feels so really cool! Look, her cunt is totally wide open!" His fingers homed straight into my pussy, and he hooked two fingers of each hand deep into me, then pulled me as wide open as it goes. More air rushes in, and he is looking right down into my dilated channel. I tense, and there is a fffwwwh! sound as air blows back out between his fingers. But with my opening held open, it sucks back in as soon as I relax. Well, _you_ try having your pelvis held upside down, and your snatch held open. Don't laugh.

"Oh so neat! Sis, you _suck_! Ha ha ha!" I could kill him. Especially when he pulls his fingers out to pick up the torch, and the feeling makes me tense, and my vagina goes "Thbtbtbtbt!" again. He laughs some more. "And you blow too." He sticks a couple of fingers back in, and spreads me with them. My pussy sucks air. Then he's peering down into me with the torch, the freak. "Wow sis, I can see your cervix! Its neat!"

I say "Well goody for you. What else is new, you creep?"

Probably saying that, in the circumstances, with Gary taping our little chat from behind me, wasn't a great idea. It reminded both of them that I was a bad girl, and due for some bottom whacking.

Brian puts down the torch, and amazingly, Gary puts down the camera, setting it on a shelf where it can watch the whole room.

"Creep? Who's the creep, miss balloon lover? Mum is right, time for some spanking." "And we are the guys to do it." "Yeah. Lets take a side each." "OK. On her arse." "And when we are _done_ with your arse sis, you will say you are sorry for being a nasty, rude sister, and you will ask us very nicely to play all we like with your nasty pussy, and tits." "And.. and fuck you. What did mum say... ask us to fill your pussy up with our sperm? Yeah, that too. I like that bit." "Right." "OK" "You first." "No, you." "You... oh for fuck's sake. OK chicken."

Brian cuts right to the chase, and delivers a very sound open handed slap onto my right bottom cheek. Owwww! That really hurt! I can't help bucking and squirming around, though with my legs tied over me to the bed head, I can't move very far. Of course, to add insult to injury, as I thresh around my pussy sucks and farts awfully loudly.

"Heeeeyah! That felt good. Look at her go. Your turn, hurry up man. I want to do that again!"

Garry seems to have decided he's cool with the idea now too, and not to be outdone by his big brother, delivers another just as painful on my left bum cheek.

"Ooooh super coolio! This is fun! I can see my handprint. Sis, I'm really gonna enjoy having you around from now on. Because you are never going to be snooty, and we'll be able to fuck you anytime we like, and spank you whenever you are naughty. It's gonna be so excellent! Hey, I bet mum and dad don't let her wear clothes in the house anymore. You know, like that story..."

Brian gives me another whack, just as I'm considering the idea of being made to stay naked in the house.

&lt;whack!&gt; "Heh, yeah, I like that idea. Bet you are right. Naked sister all the time, and no closing any doors, like bathroom or bedroom."

I too have an awful feeling Gary might be right. Damm him, I know he'll suggest it to them too. Owww! That one hurt too, and for a few moments I'm only jerking and making vagina blowing noises. But the idea of being naked around the house comes right back as soon as I'm thinking again. Yeah, I can see it happening. Given that it seems mum and dad are not quite the boring uptight farts I'd thought. Damm, it looks like I got a lot more than I ever dreamed of in my 'discovered' fantasies.

Garry follows through right away. Slap! This time I give up on any attempt to be brave, and yell "Owww! Fuck! Please... ooooooowwwwwwww! as I jerk around. They don't take any notice.

"Yeah, yeah. That would be cool. Talk about twisted sister. I bet she's been doing stuff like that to herself every day for years, and now she can't, she's going to get super, super horny all the time."

&lt;smack! from Brian&gt; I go: "oooowwoowwwwwooow! Oh! Oh! no, please..."

"Shit yeah! She'll have to be watched all the time, and checked several times a day for horniness, and punished whenever she's nasty. That will be our job you know. I don't expect mum or dad will have the time."

&lt;smack! from Garry&gt; "Ahhhhhh! Ahhhh fuck! you.... ahhhhooowwww! oh shit..."

"Ha ha ha, jees, look at her hump. She looks pretty horny right now. See, her nipples are hard again, like they were when she was coming. I wonder...? He reaches out to my dancing, jerking crotch, and slips two fingers into my pussy. Twirls them round, then pulls them out and looks at them. Sure enough, his fingers are slickly wet. He sniffs his fingers, inhaling. "You reckon that's still wet from before, or is this turning her on?"

&lt;SMACK! from Brian&gt; "AHHHHHHH! OOOOOOOWWWWWWWW! *FUCK* you're...."

While i'm still trying to pull myself loose from the ties, Brian grabs me around the waist to hold my hips still, and slips at least three fingers into my snatch. He works them around for ages, obviously more for the enjoyment of doing it, than need to check my wetness. Which, I'm embarrassed to feel, is considerable. For some reason, the burning slaps to my rear _are_ turning me on, quite a bit. My hips are still jerking from the spank, but now both Brian and I know that my jerks have become more of a humping back on his fingers than from the pain in my arse. I really can't help it. When he starts shoving his fingers in and out, with my thrusts matching his, and I start gasping "Uhhh uh uh uh ohhh uh! UH! uh!" in counterpoint, I guess its obvious to Garry too. To everyone... since about now I realize Dad is standing by the bed again, watching. I look over at Mum, and am amazed at how dad has tied her up. But even as she twists, red faced and breathing heavily from... that stuff, she is looking at me, intently. It occurs to me, that maybe not all her panting turn-on is from the way Dad has her fixed. Watching me, getting fingered and spanked... she's paying very rapt attention.

There's me, completely unable to deny or control the heat in my pussy as Brian fingers it, and I huff and grind back. Ohhh... it feels so good, and my pulse is racing. So good, and so nasty, with my entire family watching and me unable to resist acting like a total slut. It feels intensely, hotly humiliating, and the whole thing is a big mind-fuck loop - the shame makes me turn on more, and I get even more ashamed that it does, and the fingers feel sooo good in my shameful hot pussy, and I just huff and hump back, out of control, shamefully, so hotly. On the video, this is another bit people like to make me watch over and over. The bit where I demonstrate that I'm easy. So easy to turn into a panting nympho, with just a few finger pokes.

Brian chuckles "Hehe, no, I don't think she's turned on at all. Probably just pretending. Always such an actor, sis. Pretty good one too, the way she can make her pussy dripping wet when she really isn't even a bit horny. But I'm not entirely certain, so probably best I check this out very thoroughly. Wouldn't want to make a mistake. Hey, you want to give her some more spanks while I carry on here? See if you can make her drop the act. Arse is available."

"Sure thing. It's sure a good act though - lots of people would be fooled, and think she's really getting off on you fingering her. Spanks coming up."

&lt;Whack! from Gary&gt; "OOhhhhhhh uhhhh yieeeeeee! uhhh uhhhh uhhhhhhhHHHh.."

Its kind of confusing. The spank hurt a lot, but with the way I'm feeling from the fingers shoving in my pussy, it's an odd, mixed sensation. Somehow the pain makes my pussy extra sensitive, and tingly. I hunch back harder, gasping. Damm, if he keeps this up, I'm going to be coming again. Not sure I like that idea.

Then a new sensation, surprising me. Hands on my breasts, stroking and squeezing them. I look over, distractedly, and see its Dad, sitting on the side of the bed. I still can't get that thought of me being made to go naked in the house out of my mind. But I'm so distracted, and forget that maybe now is not the best time to ask Dad about that. In between panting, and shrieks from the continuing spanks, I ask dad-

"Uhhh uh uhhh dad... dad... what uh uh Garry said... about me naked... uh.. OWWWWW! OWWOWWW! Ohhhh uh... dad, please don't uh, do that... I promise, I'll ohhhh uh... be good... please.... Uhhhh! Uh1 Ohhh thats.. uh... uh, uh, uuuh YOOOWWW! OWWWWOWOWOWOW! Owwww..... Oh! ohhh... uh... uh..."

"Well Annie, I did hear that. Your mother and I will have to discuss it, but... in fact, I think it's an excellent idea. Pretty much everything Garry said. And yes, it would have to be your brothers who'll take care of the daily details of monitoring you, since I'm away at work so much and your mum is busy too. You certainly have demonstrated that you are oversexed and don't deserve the normal social rights."

He has been continuing to fondle my breasts as he talks. One more source of stimulation I had to bear, as Gary kept on spanking me, and Brian kept frigging me, his arm wrapped around my waist to hold me fairly still. I can feel Gary's hard cock pressing against the side of my back. At least Dad was being considerate, pausing with his answer to let me squeal and yell every time Gary whacked my bum.

"Besides, frankly, regardless of the question of your betrayal of your family's trust by abusing yourself so, and what must be done to ensure you don't do anything like that again, there's another side to it. The simple view - with the pictures and all of us seeing what you did, your goose is cooked around here. Permanently. You've set yourself up to have to do whatever we decide. And while we'll bear in mind your future best interests, we may as well make the best of a difficult situation now. Which means, since we'll all have to put in the effort to keep you under constant supervision, there has to be some entertainment value in it for us as well."

He keeps on fooling with my breasts, like he's never played with boobs before. Maybe.. not with a tied-up teenager's breasts, I suppose.

"And... my... these are very lovely breasts. Naked around the house... yes, a splendid idea. One of Gary's best ever ideas I think. Also... I have some more ideas of my own. Things are going to be quite different around here from now on."

Dad looked over at mum pointedly as he said that. Judging by the look she gave back, she wasn't entirely happy with whatever she thought he meant. He ignored her, and turned back to his fooling with my nips.

"Such prominent, hard nipples you have too! Its a great feature, the way a girl's nipples pop right out whenever she's horny. So easy to read her naughty thoughts and feelings. You like having your little bare pussy fingered, huh? Those pictures of your boyfriend feeling you up - you liked the idea a lot then too, by the look on your face. And now look at you.... squealing like a pig from the spanking, but you *are* *still* going to cum mighty soon, aren't you?"

He took my nipples in his fingertips, and pressed, twisting. It hurt, but he wasn't pinching hard... yet. He leant forward, bringing his face close to mine, looking me right in the eyes, sternly.

"Aren't you! Admit it!"

I could see his point. Surely the pain should have cooled my pussy down; but it wasn't doing any such thing. Those fingers in my puss... they were... going to make me cum for sure. And Dad's fingers on my nips pressed harder, and harder, hurting a lot now. So shameful, so humiliating! But I had no choice, but to reply. I almost wished my rotten brother Gary would have kept on spanking me, so I'd have an excuse to yell and scream some more instead of answering. But he chose now to hold off, and start softly patting my burning bum instead. Like he was waiting for me to speak. Brian just kept on stroking those dammed fingers in and out, but a bit slower, so's to make my panting and thrusting, that I absolutely could not control, all the more obviously trying to get his fingers to work faster. God! I was so close to cumming, and in the video I can see I must have looked totally desperate for those stupid fingers. Three fingers - I'm watching them work in and out of my pussy, right in front of my face. Just three fingers, and I was completely fucked. Going to cum. No way to pretend not. No way to avoid admitting....

"Oooohhh! ohhh! Ohh! uh... yes... ohhhh oh please... yes..."

"Yes _what_, Annie? Yes you are, what? Brian, that's good, keep doing just like that. A little slower.. right. Hold her hips more still - good. Annie, you are going to what?" He pressed my aching nips even harder now.

"Hyaaahhh! Ahhhuuu! Uuuuhhh! Uh uh uh uh UH! Oh! I, oh I'm going... to Uh uh uhhhh! Uhhhh! to come... ooohhhh ohhhhh uuuh uhhh.."

"Pardon? I didn't quite catch that Annie. Louder please, and clearly. In one sentence."

"Uh uhhh Oh I... I'm going to Cuuum! I... uhh uh UHHH UHHH ohhhhh.."

"Oh, that's clearer! You are huh? But Annie, _why_ are you going to cum? You were being spanked, and that's far from over. Why are you going to cum, Annie? Are you sure you are going to cum? Tell us all about it Annie. _All_ about it." He gives my nipples a really hard, short pinch - so painful. I get the message - no beating about the bush. Those dammed fingers never pause, and the tension in my guts feels like I'm about to blow up into a million pieces. Or cum massively. Probably cum.

"Ayyyiee! AHHHoowww! ow! Uh. u.. I... gonna uh CUUM.. uh because uh Brian.... Brian is... he's finger... uh uh fucking... my.. cunnie uhhh uhhhh uh..." 

"Right Annie, thank you. That's what it looks like to me too. Let's see, you've already had about 20 orgasms tonight, and in the middle of being spanked, a little fingering of your cunt has you panting to come one more time. That's remarkable! I think any decent girl would have had far more than enough already, hmmm? I tell you what. Here's a deal. We could end the spanking session right here, but Brian will also quit fingering you. Or... he'll keep fingering you till you call 'enough', _but_ both Gary and I will be spanking you hard till you are done with your come, and for ten more smacks after that. OK? We'll start right now, and you just say stop when you want to stop. Anytime before you come, we'll stop the spanking right away. After you come, its ten more. Oh, and just so we know you're with us, I'd like you to repeat "I'm going to come" as long as you want Brian's fingers to keep going. Now.... GO!"

I dunno. Watching the video, I think I must have been mad to not say 'stop' right away. But... I felt so close, and needed it so badly. Felt confused, and so hot inside. When the spank hit, I still hadn't made a sound other than the same panting in time with those fingers.

I made plenty of sound then, but quickly realized - the fingers were gone! Through the pain and sex haze, it took me a little while to work that one out. I got it just as the second slap hit me - Dad's, and it was quite a lot harder than Gary's. OWWWWW! I was being spanked, but no fingers! No, no no! Got to say it, quick! I managed.

"AARhhhh! Arrh.... I'm gonna cum! Alright! I'm gunna come, OK? I'm gunna uhhhh uh! uhhhhHHHH!!! cum, gunna cum, gunna cuuuuhHhhhhhmmmm..."

The fingers came back! Deeper and faster. Maybe Brian wanted to make up for lost time. Or maybe kinda missing out on spanking me, I don't know. He really went for it, anyway. So did Dad and Gary, but at least they didn't speed up... much.

On the video, this bit is really heavy. I'm bucking and yelling and chanting "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna CUM I'm GONNA CUM I'm AHHHHHYIII! gonna CUM Gonna COME gunna come gonna cum goAHHHHHHYYIIIOWWWEEE! gonna cum gonna cum cum, gonna AHHHHHHOWWWWYEEE! I'm gonna cum...gonna " while Dad and Gary are totally getting into whupping my arse good. Brian is reaming me so hard, it looks like he's trying to get his whole hand in. Maybe he was. And I... wasn't lying. I was roaring up that slope like a train, big red arrow on the pressure gauge swinging over to the 'She's Going to Blow' zone. A few long moments, maybe five or six spanks, then WHAMMY. On the tape I just stopped chanting, and went rigid. I don't really remember much, just that it was incredibly intense. All that stinging on my arse, and the pounding tension in my sex, just went WHAM all through me in a rush. No more thinking, just WHAMMMMMMMMMMMMM..... You know, stars and stuff. Heap big feel good, all over.

They didn't stop either, any of them. Just kept on finger-shovin, spankin Annie good. I wasn't even breathing - my throat had clamped shut, lungs pushing pressure, rigid like the rest of me. The camera didn't have a good shot of my face, but they tell me I went bright red, then dark red, holding my breath like that. Then I started to relax a little, so some wind got out - making little "mmff mff maaff Maaaafffff!" noises. Then I took another breath, but that didn't mean I wasn't still coming. I can remember that - I sure was. It sounded like "aaa.. aaa... aaa.. a... auh.... ah... a... " and my body was starting to shake, and give little jerks upwards onto those still-shoving fingers. Dad had stopped spanking for the duration, I think while he perved at daughter Annie coming bricks. But of course, Gary remembered his duty, and landed another good one, this time with his fingertips striking right next to Brian's fingers in my cunny, between my puss and arse. I remember that bit too, because of how fucking wild it felt. Like the water balloon cramping thing, the sting right there where I was coming most, sort of *boosted* the whole mind blowing feeling. My body jerked wildly again, and I went "aaaaahhhhhnnNNNNNYYAAAAHHHHHH!!! NNYYYAHAHHHHH! OOOHHHHH FUUUUUUCK! FAAAARRRRRRRK! OOOHHHHHHH!!!!!"

By the way, don't think I'm making this stuff up. Actually, I'm doing my best to transcribe it from the tape audio, and match it with my memories of the events. This whole essay is... well.. I guess you'd call it homework I've been set. But I'm getting ahead of things here.

So there I am, coming hugely. Maybe after that spank even Gary got a bit mesmerized, and didn't hit me again. Brian was really getting kicks from fingering the cum-doll, and got real creative. He let go of my waist, and started using that hand to run fingers around my sex, besides his fingers still poking my cunny. But, by that time I was cooling off slightly, and getting a bit too sensitive around there. When he tried fingering my clit, it almost hurt, and I jerked away. He didn't get the message, and kept doing it, which made me really struggle, and go "OW No! don't that's too.. no, stop, don't...ow!"

Suddenly, all the fingers left my sex, and I sighed, relaxing into a beautiful post-cum haze. Oh, I felt so nice! Without the too-sharp touching, my whole lower body felt glowing. Even my stinging backside felt like it was glowing beautifully.

Of course, it couldn't last. I'd forgotten...

"Well Annie, that was your come, and now you still have the ten smacks to go, to pay for it. Hmmmm.... paying for orgasms. Now thats another good idea for the future. I was thinking it would be best to simply ensure you had to deal with your libido without ever being allowed relief. I'm sure your brothers would enjoy enforcing that. Especially if they were allowed plenty of flexibility, so long as they upheld the rule 'no Annie orgasms'. Boys will be boys, and it would be good experience for them, learning to carefully control a woman's arousal.

But then, I have to say you are a spectacular sight to see, coming. Shame for us to all miss out on that. So some compromise... We'll work it out later.

Now.... Here's ONE!" He delivers another open-handed spank to her now stinging sore bum. "Gary, if you please..."

Gary says "TWO!" and lands his. 

My post-orgasm buzz has enveloped my whole body in a kind of warm glowing pleasure haze, and the smacks are feeling... kid of strange. Painful, but... not entirely unpleasant. They still make me jerk and shriek, with the intensity, but its... not all bad. There's a kind of flaring, intense echo of each impact, in my pussy, like the orgasm is still bouncing around in there.

"Three!" Dad again. I'm still jerking and crying out when four hits, and after that I lost track of things. It was very confusing, as the pain made me yell, but each time the flare of orgasm-echo in my sex seemed to get more intense. Too painful to decide I liked it, too nice to entirely want it to end. Even after they stopped at ten, it took quite a while for me to stop threshing and yelling. They probably didn't know it wasn't all from discomfort. By now, my sex was totally aching, pulsing with need.

When I'd quietened down, and lay there with my arse pointing at the ceiling, snuffling, Dad started talking again.

"Well, thats a sample of a good spanking. Obviously, there is an infinite supply of that, and you will keep this fact in mind. Now, our next item on the schedule, is where you make a nice speech to the camera and us, stating that you agree you are a perverted, masturbating, over-sexed nymphomaniac, and that you will do your absolute best from now on to be obedient and respectful to all present. You will also, as your mother suggested, request that your brothers and I fuck you and fill your cunt with our sperm. I'll add that you will also request of your mother that she make use of your body in any way she pleases. You will say that you are happy to be disciplined as we wish, for any way in which you fail to meet our expectations."

He turns to Gary. "The camera again please. Stand up on the bed, and look down at her face between her legs, with her cunt in the frame. Can you get all of it in focus? How are we for time left?"

Gary is back like a flash, camera in hand, and on the bed. "Looks good. From up here I can do both in focus, and there's about 40 minutes still to go."

"OK. Well Annie, you are on. Roll camera. What happens if you don't do this, is we go back to spankings. Now, take your time, but get it right. Look into the camera."

Well, what could I do? My arse was still on fire; I certainly didn't want any more of that. I knew there wasn't any way out of this. Besides... I'd been here before often enough, in those fantasies of mine. Only the script and arrangement was different. Naturally, Gary had picked a camera angle that made it necessary for me to look at it, directly through the bottom of the 'V' of my legs, like I was talking to my vagina or something. I took a deep breath, preparing to begin. And of course, with the shift my pussy went "thhbttbtb", throwing me off. How was I going to talk, if it kept doing that?

I guess I must have looked like I was going to refuse to talk, because I saw Dad hold up his open hand, ready to swing at my bum again. I flinched, and quickly said "No, wait! I'm going to... " and the flinch came with it's own "bthhbttbt!"

Off to the side, Brian laughs, and says "I think she's having trouble choosing which end to talk from." Gary quips back "I'm having trouble deciding which end makes more sense. I think the pussy end, maybe." Dad says "Never mind that Annie, live with it. Get on with your speech. Now."

I take another deep breath, gritting my teeth at the "Bththbttt" sound, and the distracting sensations it sends through my pussy. Got to do this...

"Uh, OK... sigh. I.... I am a... perverted.. masturbating over... over-sexed nymphomaniac. I promise... from now on I'll be uh, polite and obedient. Umm... I'll respect you all, and uh.... you all can.. can..."

I notice Dad waving a finger 'no, no, no!' and realise that I'm saying this bit wrong. I swallow and start again.

"All of you, I'd like all of you to please... uh, fuck me and fill my cunt with your sperm. Um... Mum can... uh, Mum, please use my body any way you like."

Now the thing is, that in my fantasies I'd always got really turned when people were making me do slutty things. I'd imagined scenes like this, and some of them turned me on like crazy. I suppose I should have been prepared for the real thing to do the same, but I wasn't. I'd just come hugely, and was already trying to ignore a pulsing hot pussy besides a sore arse- when I began my little groveling recitation.

But... by the time I'd got this far, it was amazing how much it was turning me on again. Maybe something about asking Mum to use me... I don't think that bit was in any of my fantasies. Then, neither was there a mental image of Mum, sitting bound naked in my bedroom chair, with her tits tied up like Christmas presents, tight rings of my own pantyhose around their bases making them bulge out like spheres, and their surface crossed with other tight lines of pantyhose. And my own vibrator held deeply humming in her pussy by one of my school ties. And Mum obviously hugely turned on by this... and by watching me get fingered and spanked to orgasm. All leading to a strong feeling that Mum would probably take me up on that offer, in ways that would... well, 'surprise me' isn't quite the right phrase.

So, I sort of got stuck on that point. I was panting pretty hard again, and didn't even realize I was repeating myself, as I tried to remember the other thing I had to say.

"uhhhh uhhhh Mum can use me... uhhh uhhhhh uhhhh Mum please use me uhhh any way you uhhh uhhh oh any way you like... Mum... use me any... uh..."

Then I remembered the last bit.

"You can all punish me... any way you uhhh wish, when uhhhh I fail... fail to meet your uh uh ex... expectations."

But by now I'd sort of got the fantasies, and the thing with 'naked', and Dad's comments all mixed up as my arousal jumped up and started biting my brain again.

"Fail to meet your... expectations... I'll be naked... I'll be good, I promise... naked, you'll check me, so horny, punish me for being... so hot... fingering me, naked all the time so horny, needing to come, needing to be watched, and fingered, naked and spanking me... hot pussy wet all the time... tied up and horny, making me... making me... do what you want and fucking me, not coming, not coming, want to come, oh, you'll always be watching, I won't ever... ever masturbate ohhhh ohhh I'm I'm so hot tie my, my breasts and naked... ohhhh..."

I didn't even hear as Dad spoke to Brian and Gary "Well, I guess that's made the point clear enough. So now.. I declare this public vagina park officially open. Gary, I think that's enough recording for now, and as the youngest, why don't you go first?"

And that was the end of the video. I've always felt a bit sad about that; it would have been good to see what it looked like to get fucked for the first time by my brothers and Dad. From a viewpoint different to my 'between the legs' view anyway. All I really could see, was the chest of whoever was on me at the time, and their stomach and hips thrusting their dick in and out of my conveniently angled pussy. They moved me a bit, so my pussy was lower, pointing more back than straight up, at the right height to fuck while they kneeled on the bed, leaning over me. Yeah, yeah, that position gives about the deepest penetration possible, I know. Ow - cos they all have above average sized dicks - must run in the family, and maybe that's why I'm such a horn-chick too.

But I wasn't complaining. I came several more times. Gary was a bit overexcited and his first time was fairly quick, and I hadn't yet come when he spurted the first of the evening's considerable load of sperm into my pussy, as promised. But he made up for that on his latter turns. Brian did pretty impressively even the first time, and I could see this brother's cock was going to be something I'd become very well used by in future. More sperm, and all of it pooling down there at the bottom of my vagina, soaking my uterus. A very pleasing concept to some deep primitive part of the female mind, that knows nothing of morning after pills.

By the time it was Dad's turn, pussy was already feeling a little battered, but that wasn't going to stop him, and his impressively veined cock. Much, much later, when he'd blasted a third, even bigger load of sperm into my squishing, cum-drenched cunt, and pulled his still-stiff, thick member loose from me as I moaned and spasmed in the throes of yet another orgasm, my pussy was feeling quite, quite sore.

But... my brothers being teens, wanted seconds. And seconds they took. Then thirds, and fourths. Now I was really like "OW! no, ohhh owww!" Dad had gone over to Mum to play with her, and the couple of times I remember looking, they both seemed to be watching like proud parents as their kids did something clever. Repeatedly. I guess they weren't including me in that pride, unless you count liking the look of my naked teen girl body, and how fuckable and sluttily responsive it is.




 ----- Chapter 2 -----

In the months since then, I've come to be very familiar with the sight of my own naked body, and how it looks in various settings. Like, the kitchen, lounge room, dining room, the hallway, on the stairs, doing garden chores in our back yard, and so on. Previously, I'd only had a small wall mirror in my room, and a larger one over the sink in the bathroom. I'd never really seen myself full length naked before, except in a few of the pictures my boyfriend took. A week or two into my 'new life', Gary had another brainwave, and suggested to Dad that we install some big mirrors around the house. Dad, always obliging, did exactly that.

So now, if I'm making a snack in the kitchen, or watching TV in the lounge, or walking down the hall, or in my bedroom, or going to the toilet, I can't help seeing myself there - stark naked, and looking like a pervert's dream. Dad even put one on the ceiling over my bed, so when I'm tied in for the night (yes, tied, not tucked), I get to watch myself spread eagled and starkers in my own bed, often with extra accessories for my night's discomfort. That's the trouble with air conditioning - get it set right, and you don't even need sheets. So I sleep naked, exposed and almost always spread wide on my back. Yes, they took the door off my bedroom, and I'm not allowed to ever close bathroom or toilet doors.

But I'm getting ahead of myself again. While my dear brothers were pounding my pussy raw with their spectacular teen recuperative powers, Mum and Dad had been keeping themselves busy off to the side. I don't exactly know what went on over there, since I was occupied. I think I heard Mum come at least a couple more times. Then, when Brian had pulled out of me for the last time, and Gary had been satisfied to play with my breasts and nipples for the last half hour, Dad and Mum turned up at the side of my bed. Mum... by now was looking well done. She was free again, and naked except for the tight tied pantihoses still making her breasts look like they were about to be posted overseas. She had a few narrow red welts across her rear, and back too, I noticed. I never even heard that happen. She seemed much more deferring and respectful of Dad than before, which was interesting. Not much point wondering what she might be planning to do with my vibrator in her hand.

I should have known she'd surprise me though. She tossed the vibrator on the bed, among the heap of stuff Brian had brought over. Then she picked up my flashlight, and got up on the bed, beside my raised arse. Her other hand ended up right on my slick, shaved pussy, rubbing her fingertips around in the slipperiness of my slit, while she looked closely at my crotch.

"This naughty hot little snatch has got you into a lot a trouble, hasn't it Annie? Maybe you shouldn't have shaved it bare; I've heard that once a girl shaves her cunny, she just can't help herself, can't keep her nasty fingers out of it. Maybe it's true, that a bare pussy makes a big girl much, much hornier. Mmmmm, that's too bad for poor Annie. Because this little pussy will stay bare, but Annie won't be playing with herself at *all*! So even if this little pussy gets all dripping wet and so, so hot and unbearably horny and swollen up, Annie will just have to wonder when the next time she'll be allowed to come might be."

Now she'd started running her fingertips around and around my clit. Which had almost never been touched at all, during the nine fucks I'd just received. My pussy sure was sore, but my clit was feeling a bit left out by now. I wished what Mum was doing didn't feel so good.

"What! All those big cocks poking and spurting in you, and you still want more? My Annie, little angel has grown up into an insatiable slut, hasn't she? Mmmm... yes, you just can't control yourself at all... can't stop yourself humping on my fingers. Can you? Go on, try and hold still for a while... just a few moments... no? Tell you what, you try really hard, and if you can hold still just for thirty seconds, I won't spank you. But if you move, I'll give you five hard ones on your sore bum, OK? Ready? OK, from now..."

She even made like she was going to make it easy for me, by softening her rubbing to the lightest touch. Five more spanks! I _really_ didn't want any more, so I tried very hard to hold quite still. Even if she had already made me very excited. Burning arse, stinging hot cunt that also felt full of slippery man-cum, and the touch on my neglected clit that had stayed hard the whole time they were fucking me... despite having come so many times, her touches had got me panting and hot in moments. Now I struggled to ignore the sensations, and suppress the urge to hunch back. Fists clenched, I concentrated on relaxing my body and slowing down my breathing. 'Not more spanks, not more...'

Right away I could tell it was going to be a close thing. Why does trying *not* to get excited always seem to make it happen faster? The heat and tension seemed to flow straight into my pussy, like it was being poured from some mother-fucking jug, direct into my guts. My breathing got faster and deeper, not slower. My legs wanted to strain, my pussy demanded to clench, my hips complained they really, absolutely had to push up. I fought them, willing it to all stop. Nothing listening. I noticed that as I breathed out, open mouthed and supposedly silently, my throat was forming into the shape for 'ooohhhaaahhh' sounds. So it came out as a soft, soft breathy moan. I tried to stop that too, but it only half worked. God! Her fingers on my clit felt sooooo good. How much longer?

There was no way I could keep track of the seconds. Maybe Mum wasn't counting very accurately either. It seemed like forever, like I was about to explode, and the time *must* be up, when mum changed her technique. She went from super-light circling touch, to firm stroking right along my hard clit. The result was complete and total failure of all my desperately held defenses. My whole body went rigid for a moment, then began a completely autopilot rapid hunching at those fingers. My vocal cords tightened up too, turning my 'silent moan' into a loud "OOOoooooorrrrrhhhhnnnnmmmff! Oooohhh! Fuuuckkkk! Ohhh I'm going tooooo ooohhhhh!..."

I was too. Going to come. I could feel the wave building up, only seconds till it broke over me. Then she stopped, leaving me gasping and humping air. At least the way the guys had left me, with my cunny pointed more back than vertical, I wasn't blowing air every time I hunched. Small mercies.

"Ha, knew you couldn't do it. You're an absolute slave to your pussy, and that's going to make your life quite awkward from now on. Now, lets get you arranged better."

She moved to shift me back to the 'arse fully pointing straight up' position, and everyone helped her. Everyone, all three males and my Mum, lifting me up, shifting the pillows and ties on my ankles. I ended up once again staring right at my puss, head and back propped up on pillows, legs straining widely back over my shoulders and tied on the bed head. Now there were hands back on my boobs too, playing with them like they were rubber bath toys. I guess the guys felt it was a shame to leave me alone, while I was still panting and twisting with frustrated near-coming excitement.

"There, that's better. Oh, and while you are there, lets have a look in your bald little cunny. Is it full of nice creamy sperm?"

She picked up the torch, and pushed three fingers into my cunt, then spread them apart. Of course I couldn't help jerking at the touch.

"Oh? You want to fuck yourself on my fingers? You want to come on Mommies fingers? You want to? Huh?" She frigs them rapidly in and out for a moment, and my hips buck in time to the penetration. "Yeah, you sure do, huh? But Annie dear, Mommy wants to look at all the lovely white spoof inside your little pussy, so be a good girl and try to hold still, just for a moment. If you are a good girl and hold still, Mommy might let you come on her fingers. When Mommy is done looking inside you."

She might let me come? That was a good incentive, and I tried very hard to hold still, as she again spread her fingers, and shone the torch down into my insides. I didn't entirely succeed, but she didn't say anything about my shuddering little half-suppressed hunches.

"My my Annie, they certainly did coat your insides! Such a lot! There's a real pool of it right down the bottom of your hole. Hmmmm... You know, its past your bedtime, and it would be such as shame to let all that wonderful sperm just run out of you on the toilet or something."

She looks thoughtful for a moment, gazing at the pile of stuff still on the bed. Then smiles.

"Ah ha, Mommy has an idea! After your spanks. Oh! You poor dear, are you still wanting to come? You still want me to finger your cunny, like this? Yes? But Annie, isn't it too sore? Yes, it must be so sore after all that, but... ah, you don't seem to mind at all, do you? I'll bear that in mind. Mmmmm yes... yes, like that huh? .... And like this? .... Oh, you _really_ like it like that don't you... My, you look like you are so close to coming... so close... oh and I'm sorry, I forgot about your poor little clitty! Its sticking out there all lonely and forgotten. I should play with it again for you, shouldn't I, and you'd come right away, I bet."

She keeps on fingering my cunt though, slowing to an almost motionless stop. I'm about to explode, I can feel the come _that_ close... I'm gasping, incoherent, trying to form words to beg her to...

"Uhhhhhh uhhhhh uhhhhhoohhhh oohhhhpleeeseee ohhhh aaaaahhmmmff! uhhmmffplease mmm mmmyyy oohhhh hmyy clliiittt please touch uhhhh myy cliiitttt.. ooonnngghhfff! Uhhhh..."

Suddenly Mum pulls her fingers out of me. "What? You want your mommie to touch your clitty? To masturbate you? Why Annie, that's so nasty! You really are a naughty little nymphomaniac. And look at the time; its _way_ past your bedtime. Better get these spanks done right now."

She rubs her dripping wet hand all over my bottom, wiping off the slick sticky fluid onto me. Then draws her hand back, and swings. OWWWWW! Maybe she isn't as strong as the boys or Dad, but my wet, already sensitized arse can't tell the difference. "OWWWWW! OHHH! OWWWOOOWWWEEEIII!" I'm shrieking and bouncing just like before.

There is a difference though. Before, when Brian and Gary were smacking me, Brian was fingering me, and I ended up coming. Then for the last ten smacks, I'd just come, and somehow the after-cum glow had combined quite nicely with the pain of those.

This time it was quite different. I was hot and frustrated, and not a happy girl. No lovely intense slidings in my horny vagina to distract me. Just an aching, cum-filled pussy pointing open at the ceiling, a hard clit, and hands making playdough of my breasts.

Mum doesn't count out her smacks, or do anything else. She just laid one on me, then sat back, watching me thresh. Once I'd yelled myself out and stopped moving, more or less, she'd lay on the next one. Very efficient of her. Very painful for me. The worst part of it was, that the frustrated tension in my sex seemed to make the smacks _more_ intense, not less. While the pain of the smacks wasn't helping me get anywhere nearer to coming, but neither was it making it go away. The two feelings just seemed to coexist, side by side, both of them pretty much unbearable by themselves. Everything else, like the awful farting sounds my pussy was making with all my jerking around,&nbsp; and the hands pawing my breasts, were just minor distractions, adding to my discomfort.

At least she did stop after five. It looked like maybe she wished she'd said more. When I'd calmed down enough to listen again, she spoke.

"Hmmmm. Well, that was... interesting. I can see a little discipline makes a big impression. My mistake for never having you over my knee when you were younger, I guess. Still, never too late to start. You may be 18 Annie, but from now on that is what you'll get anytime you are a bad girl.

Now, as for the sperm... lets see..."

From the stuff on the bed, she picks up the bicycle pump. I'm thinking '*what* is she going to do with *that*?' She separates the tube, and screws it into the end of the pump. Pistons the pump a couple of times, to the sound of air whistling out through the one-way valve on the end of the tube. She looks at me, with a teasing expression, and pumps it a couple more times. Maybe she's hoping I'll ask her what that's for, but I have a feeling she'd say 'It's a bicycle tyre pump, what did you think?'

Then she picks up a balloon, places the neck over the end of the pump's tube, and uses an elastic band, wrapped around and around, to hold it in place. Suddenly I have a bad feeling about this, and so does my pussy, which clenches tightly.

Unfortunately, pussies can't close up tightly enough to prevent things being easily shoved into them. I guess those pussies that could, ended up going extinct in the long run.

Which is why mum has no trouble pushing the deflated balloon into my cunny, pushing it in deep with her finger. So that only the bit elastic-banded to the pump tube is outside me. Now... I'm looking at mum holding a bicycle pump, linked up to a balloon in my vagina. Deja Vu with the balloon and pipe bit, and pretty obvious what happens next. Only Mum has to add a stage flourish - she holds the pump straight up, so my cunt, the pipe, and pump are all in a row, vertically above my sex. She pulls the pump handle up, then down, and I feel that balloon expand quite a lot inside me. As it does with each subsequent pump, bigger and bigger inside my cunt.

Rapidly bigger. Very rapidly... In a few slides of that handle, she has my insides feeling full. More full. Quite, quite full. Absolutely full. Over full. Again I'm watching my belly swell up, but this time all I can do is look, and moan at the intensely stuffed feeling I'm getting. Inside my aching-to-come, but also just plain rubbed raw vagina. Its both very satisfying, and also very uncomfortable at the same time. Still, I'm thinking that considering how it felt before, with the water balloon, my want-to-cum problem is likely to be solved soon. It feels so intense, I can't help moaning and clenching down on the fullness, as my hips rock. "Uuuuhhhhh.... Ooohhhhhhh...."

Now mum stopped pumping in more air, and just watches me as I struggle. "So, about that much, huh? With your pussy blown up that much, looks like you'll be having orgasms all night, huh? Would you like that? If we put you to bed, tied up with this in your pussy, you'd be just coming over and over all night.... over and over and over, right? And think of all that lovely creamy spoof inside you, pushed right up into your womb!"

Actually, she didn't need to mention that, the thought already occurred to me. Was occurring to me very vividly, as the tension in my body ratcheted up towards orgasm again. Closer... closer... so close...

Then she quickly pumped it several more times just as I tensed up again, and it *hurt*. I relaxed, and the pain faded to an intensely stretched feeling.

"Nah, I think you've had quite enough orgasms for now. And quite a while more. Better let you get your beauty sleep. You must be tired out after such *active* bath play, and then all that vigorous family bonding. Better for your naughty, overworked pussy to stay relaxed, and not keep you awake with all this tensing up it seems to be doing at the moment. Besides, lets make *really* sure you don't leak any wet spots on your sheets." She gives it another, slooooow pump, watching my expression. "Does that hurt, baby?"

I wasn't about to say anything. I was just staring at my sex with my mouth in a round open 'oh!' of surprise and frustration. I needed to come, to come I needed to squeeze down, but every time my pussy tried to do that, it really hurt. When I wasn't making abortive attempts to squeeze, the mind blowing feeling of fullness down there made me *want* to squeeze... I was really stuck in a bind, shuddering between squeezing and not squeezing, neither one bearable.

"Hmmm... poor baby, your naughty little cunny really demands to come, doesn't it? I can see it still twitching... But no, little Miss Cunny has to relax and go sleepies now. A little more stretching might teach her; my baby won't be able to sleep with all that distracting twitching!"

She pumps.... slowly. I just go "Oooooo... Oooooo...." still open mouthed. The unbelievable fullness gets more... more... I tense, and gasp in pain, relax. She slowly adds some more... now even relaxed there is a hinting of pain. A slight twitch, and automatic recoil in pain... a lesser twitch, pain again... Then a kind of balance between multiple needs and forces. An aching need to come, but the desire to contract, even the automatic reflex of contraction offset by the certainty of pain. Even though the now slightly painful fullness adds to my need, I am blocked. Even the hands still playing with my breasts can't push me past that barrier. Its too much to bear - I let my eyelids fall closed, and simply lie there, panting, limp. I can feel my heartbeat, pounding.

There are long moments of silence; even the hands withdraw from my body. I can sense everyone looking at me. I exhale lengthily, shakily. I am so close, but can tell I won't be able to come. That edge of pain, it even makes me actually *afraid* of what it might feel like to come, now. What would it feel like when my pussy spasmed in orgasm now? I expect it would really, really hurt.

I can feel mum fiddling with the balloon arrangement at my sex, but I'm not interested in looking. There is some tugging, then some more, then a sudden kind of 'snap' feeling that jolts my sex inside and out, then nothing. I guess she has disconnected the pump hose, and knotted the balloon end. It doesn't make any difference to how very full I feel.

"There you are dear, all snug and tight for the night. Now, bathroom. You didn't brush your teeth yet, did you?" I stared at her, blankly. What did that matter? And actually, I couldn't really recall. Usually I do them before my bath, but tonight...

Mum waited a few moments, than spoke sternly. "Now now Annie! I asked you a question!" As she spoke, she'd begun untying my ankles from the bed head, and quickly had me lying flat on my back again. She placed a palm on my lower tummy, lightly cupping the raised fullness within my pussy.

"Annie, the number one new rule you will observe, is that you will _always_ answer a question, from any of your family, promptly and honestly. *Always*, do you understand?" She pressed her hand down, very briefly. Very uncomfortably for me, and clearly a warning. "I'll let it pass just this once, but your father and I will be working out both the rules, and your punishments if you break them. Starting as of now..." She massaged my tummy lightly. "So, did you do your teeth yet? We don't want you getting any nasty *cavities*, now do we?"

Oh, my mum was being such a joker. As she said 'cavities', she'd tapped my taught belly sharply with her fingertips a few times, as if it was a drum. And of course, it was a drum - it sure sounded hollow. Cavity, get it? Yeah, everyone got it, and so I had to practice being a good, obedient daughter despite dad and my two deeply caring brothers chuckling their faces off.

"I can't remember if I did them, mum. Sorry. No, of course we don't."

"Well then, lets go. Up you get." Dad had taken her cue, and undone my wrists too. Mum pulled me upright off the bed by the hand, and I found myself being marched, naked, full, and followed by a procession of everyone, back to the bathroom. Mum hadn't suggested anyone follow, but how likely was it they wouldn't?

Back when I was going out with Adrian, he used to always go on about how I have a sexy figure and especially my arse, and how much he loved watching me walk. Apparently, I look more sexy when I walk around naked, than I do when I'm tied on my back with my legs spread wide up over my shoulders. To judge by the comments from my dear brothers walking behind me. "Fuck, look at sis!" ""Oh man, that arse!" "God, I could get used to seeing this!" "My dick won't, I'm gonna get a boner every time she walks past!" "Me too! Like wow, again already!" Gary stepped up to walk beside me just before we reached the bathroom door, and reached his hand out, tapping his fingers against my bulging tummy, making the same drumming sound as mum had joked about. "Mum, I think Annie has a cavity already!" More snickering from behind.

So we all herded into the bathroom, where this night had begun. Mum led me over to the sink, but glanced back at the others. She sort of smirked, then placed her hands on my shoulders, turning me back around to face the others, with her right behind me. Three naked guys in a row, all with rigid erections, _again_.

"Oh dear. I can see this is going to be a constant difficulty, what with you not permitted clothes, so you can't hide when you are having naughty, slutty feelings." She pulled me back against herself, and slipped her hands down my body. One to cup a breast, the other continuing down to my sex. "When your nipples swell and harden as they are now, and your bare girl-slit gets all puffy and slippery... why, just like it is now... and your little clitty stiffens up and pokes out a little between these lips... just like it is now, before I even started teasing it, like this.&nbsp; You know Annie, even when you wear your dressing gown after your 'long baths', it's obvious to anyone with eyes when you've been diddling yourself. As you have been virtually every evening for over a year now. Yes, your dad and I knew all along. We've had many talks on what to do about it. Most of them lying in bed at night, listening to the little squeeks your bed makes on the floor above us, as you abuse yourself for hours. Did you know that you move quite differently while you are teasing yourself, than when you come? Did you know that when you come, you moan much louder than you apparently think you do?

Never mind, don't answer. Thing is though, Annie, that over the last year I've become very familiar with the effects a very nubile and over-sexed teenage girl has on the male of the species. Even when she's his daughter, and he can only hear her, not see her. At first I thought that was a bit weird, that I'd always end up getting fucked over and over each night, to the sounds of our little angel masturbating above. Not that I minded! But you know, it grew on me that it's not weird at all. No red-blooded male could listen to you sexing yourself, and not get turned on. It's also obvious that no still-breathing male could watch you walk around naked, and not get turned on. As we see here. Especially if you are so obviously turned on yourself."

Her hand at my sex lifts to my belly, and she does the drum-tapping thing again.

"But there's the problem. From now on, this cavity is not yours to fill, and in fact it's going to be pretty much 'pool closed'. Your father and I will be regulating what goes on below your belt very closely. And yet, there's no reason for the menfolk to have to suffer the erotic stimulation of participating in your management, without relief of their male needs. Relief that is obviously going to need to be quite frequent, but also must not involve your own relief. So, here's another rule, that I'm sure your dad will agree with. Whenever anyone in this house requires it, you will suck them off. I read in your love letters that you are supposed to be quite accomplished at this. We'll see. Form a line, you guys. First one take a seat on the throne."

I don't think mum expected the resulting 'you first', 'oh no, you first!', 'no really, you first' comedy that ensued. Sheesh! Guys sometimes. I wasn't at all pleased about this development, but couldn't help laughing over their confusion. You'd think there'd have been a fight over who went first, but no. Mum had stepped beside me by now, and glanced at me, rolling her eyes. "Oh good grief. OK, by age, oldest first. Alex, you're not fooling me, I know you've fantasized about this for ages. Sit, dear."

Dad glanced at mum, frowning for a moment, then grinned sheepishly. "This takes a bit of getting used to. And you may or may not be right. Regardless of whatever you might believe I once mumbled while coming into your mouth. Hum.. anyway. Annie..." He leans back, sitting on the toilet seat, pointing at his stiff, upright member. "See what you've done? Come here and fix it."

Well. What could I do? No choices really, and besides... mum was right. Even with my bottom still burning from the spankings, and my pussy filled so achingly tight it was effectively unable to feel any pleasure, I was still in a daze of sexual desire. Mum had played with my nipples and clit long enough to bring back the need for orgasm- and so desire for sex. That thick, hard penis, with its swollen purple head looked pretty good to me. I knelt down, and took it in my hands. Leaned forward, and enveloped that satiny purple head with my lips. Mmmm.... I wasn't going to say anything about my past fantasies either. (Oops. Now I'm told that I certainly _will_ be relating those fantasies in detail, in a future section. Oh well. Me and my big mouth. Ahem.)

Anyway, I went to work. I guess perhaps I might have got a little dreamy, and been taking my sweet time, working for a long slow buildup. I wasn't paying attention to anything else but that stiff rod with it's silky soft head sliding on my tongue. I think maybe some people left the room for a while, then I heard mum's voice behind me. "Yes, Annie, great technique, but I'm afraid its late, and you have three to do now, not one all night. I'm sure you'll have plenty of opportunity to demonstrate elite fellatio skills, but this time we want speed, not finesse. Right Alex?"

It took dad a few moments to respond. "Uh... ahhh.... um... yeah.. um right. That's very... um... very good Annie, but better go faster now."

Mum again. "And as incentive...." I felt her hands on my arse, then she wiped something cool and slippery across my arse hole. Immediately followed by a thin sliding intrusion into my pooper, that seemed to go in for a long way. Kept going in, and in, and in, till I could feel it worming inside me somewhere up around my stomach! I let go of dad's cock for a moment, and looked back to see what mum was doing. She was holding a long tube, the other end of which was in the sink, into which the tap was running. In her hand at the sink was a squeeze-bulb thingy on the tube. She began squeezing it. "Don't mind me Annie, just continue with what you were doing. Oh, and you'll feel a hot sensation inside - its just soapy water. It will make you want to use the toilet, but here's the catch. You're not allowed to, till you've finished relieving everyone. Heh... not yourself, of course."

That's when the hot water she was pumping into the tube hit my insides. Briefly a soft warmth spread up inside me from my arse. I was just thinking 'not so bad', when the water must have reached the end of the tube, somewhere up just below my ribcage. Soft warmth my arse! Hot! It jetted into me way up there in a shocking blast of liquid heat, where I'd never imagined I would feel anything. An instant education in anatomy, the heat swelling and worming deeper into my private core with each compression of that bulb in her hand. I grunted in shock and straightened up, kneeling with that tube up my arse, hands still holding dad's hard cock, mouth rounded in a breathy "Ooohhh....Ohhh...Ohhh..." as each pulse of water hit my insides.

"Annie! I did not say you could stop! Now get back to your chore! Unless you want me to give you an enema *and* spank you at the same time?" My mum stopped pumping the bulb for a moment, delivering a very hard spank to my arse. It stung like crazy on my already sore cheeks, but right then I was kinda overloaded with sensations, and must have been a bit slow to bend down again. So she grabbed a handful of my hair in a fist close to my scalp, and pushed me forward. My mouth was still open in a wide 'Ohh', so she didn't have any trouble guiding it straight onto dad's cock.

Now I'd been sucking him with style before, working my lips around his glans, holding the head in my mouth and massaging it with my tongue. Mum had a whole different concept of my mouth on dad's dick. She shoved my face down hard onto his crotch, till my lips pressed hard into his pubic bone. Which put the head of his cock far past the back of my mouth, all the way to the back of my throat and even pushing down my throat. Well past what I'd been comfortable with before.

She held me there. Struggling with the gag reflex, and the dawning awareness that I couldn't breathe at all. I tried to push back, but at that moment my backside flared with the sharp pain of another stiff handed smack, jolting up through my whole body. Then a moment later as I was still making muffled choking squeals onto dad's cock, another jet of heat burst into my center. I nearly passed out, the shock of such intense sensations from all three points overloading me. Another pump, a pause, another spank, and simultaneously she shoved my head fully back down, pulled it up a few inches, and rammed it back down. Then a few seconds of just having my head jerked up and down slightly, dad's cock head dragging hugely back and forth deep in my spasming throat.

"Annnnd... breathe!" She pulled me up by the hair, almost off his cock, allowing me to draw the deep breath I'd begun to desperately need. With her other hand she gave the bulb a few more rapid pumps. "Now *that* is how a man likes his head, my dear. Lips tight around the base, and his head wedged tight in your gullet. Like this, see?" She shoved me down again, just as I'd taken a third gasping deep breath, still gasping at the hot filling sensation inside as she kept pumping me fuller. Now she thrust my head up and down most of the length of his dick, every time holding me hard down for a moment between strokes. Each time she pulled me back up, she'd take a hard open handed swipe at my bottom, then thrust me back down his rod. Holding me down, she'd give the bulb another pump.

Perhaps if I'd just had something that big shoved into my throat, I'd have thrown up. But somehow everything merged into some kind of tide of mixed sensations, none of which could be sorted out or reacted to by itself. I could feel everything - my face mashing into dad's lap, the deep penetration of my mouth and throat, the heated swelling in my midriff, the tube wormed into my arse, tugging with every movement, the huge uncomfortable tightness of my vagina, the stinging heat of my arse cheeks, the tingling ache of my clitoris, my breasts throbbing... At some point I became aware that my hair had been let go, but I continued sliding my face up and down that shaft in the same way. I could feel it starting to jerk, his thighs tensing as I bottomed out, lips to pubic bone. The water was still being pumped into me, now giving a strong feeling of fullness through my entire abdomen.&nbsp; But mum had stopped spanking me. Instead I could feel fingers tracing around my cunt, lightly over my clit, sliding into my pussy and pressing against the balloon inside.

His cock gave another strong twitch, and suddenly I felt his hands grip my head on either side. I could hear him panting heavily, and then he pulled me hard down on his shaft. I knew he was going to come, and I gave an involuntary 'gulp', a swallowing. It hadn't occurred to me, but his gasp of pleasure told me that felt good, so I did it again. I wanted his seed, to swallow it, deep into myself. Swallowing again, and again, his cock pulsed again powerfully, and I felt his first spurt travel up his shaft and fire deep into my throat. Still swallowing, he jetted into me again and again, my whole body a torrent of overwhelming sensory assault, glorious pleasure mixed with achievement, discomfort, shame and pride, desire and exhaustion...

It was only as his orgasmic thrusts deep in my throat subsided, that I even became aware that mum was busily stroking my clitoris hard with one hand, and still pumping the bulb with the other. Became aware that I was now feeling so full of hot water that I must burst. Full both in my abdomen, and so now even more tightly full in my vagina. But my clitoris... aching hard, over sensitive but still throbbing with desire again. Mum now stroking it lightly, each touch sending a shudder through me. Mixed desire for more, and oversensitivity. I couldn't help myself - my hips thrust back at her hand.

She stopped, and gave me a light slap on the rear of my thigh. "Good. One down, two to go. Straighten up."
Putting a hand under my shoulder, she pulls me back and up off dad's now softening shaft. "OK Brian, you're next." Dad got up shakily off the toilet, and swapped places with Brian, who'd been sitting on the edge of the bath. I found another erection waving in the direction of my face. Looking at it this close, I realized that although the shaft was a little thinner that dad's, the length was about the same. Also, where dad's was about the same thickness all along, including the head, Brian's cock head flared out at the rim quite a bit thicker than the shaft. I knelt there, staring at it, dazed, my hands spread over my belly, exploring it's hugeness. Beginnings of cramps starting, a foretaste of urgency to come.

A light rap to my bum, and mum reminding me "Begin. You're going to be pretty uncomfortable soon, better make it fast."
And so I did. I bent down, groaning at the pressure in my stomach. I opened my mouth, and took my brother's cock in, and slid down it till his swollen mushroom-like glans slid firmly into the tightness of my throat. This time, there was almost no feeling of gagging. I made to swallow, and felt the full difference of his shape - it felt like I was trying to swallow an apple whole. A big lump on the end of a shaft, that my throat muscles would wrap around and try to pull down my throat. He sighed as I gripped him, and I felt his whole body shudder. I did it again, same result. Such a... rewarding feeling to be able to make him shake with pleasure, to work his body so deliberately, till he was overcome in the spasms of orgasm. I could see how it must feel to a guy, to do the same to a girl, especially a helplessly available one. Or a woman... I began to bob my head rapidly, working his shaft in my throat. Tightening as I drew him out, pulling his thick head through the muscles of my throat as if milking it. Working the levers of his cum machine, making it run it's reflex program no matter what he wants. I'm going to make him cum. I can feel mum's fingers playing with my clit again - she's doing the same thing to me, forcing my body to respond. Despite all the pressure and discomfort inside me, I can feel that need building; the special tension that cannot be stopped by willpower. Brian wants to cum, but I'm afraid to, with my pussy so stretched. I wonder if mum might change her mind, and force me to cum anyway? I imagine doing this to Brian, with him for some reason desperately afraid to cum, as if it would somehow be a disaster for him to cum. I'm going to make him cum, make him cum no matter how much he doesn't want to. I suspect he'll find ways to do this to me, and I wonder if I ever can return the... the torment? Mum's fingers keep at me, and my insides are winding up, helplessly responsive. Pain and pleasure, we cannot control how we react.

He jerks his hips, and I know he's close. I slide down hard, swallowing. A shudder runs through him, the program running close to it's culmination. The thought appears in my mind that it would be as much fun to bring him right to that point just before orgasm, then stop, holding him there in that cusp of desperate urgency, delicately teasing, stopping, teasing, balancing his program just on the edge without allowing him the release he'd so badly want. Blocked, not allowed, halted just short of relief, taunting him with the possibility, but always withholding it. Always, for hours, days.... weeks. I feel a surge of heat, desire as the thought swirls in my mind. I know... that now this younger brother of mine will be able to do exactly that to me. Him, and Gary, and dad, and mum... they will all enjoy that thrill, the power of teasing me to desperation and beyond. Just as mum is doing now, as the need grows stronger in my poor strained belly, that I know she will work into a blazing fire then deny. My horny body, my desire, my aching, urgent undeniable sexual needs will be their entertainment. My breasts, nipples hard in arousal, rising and falling on my panting chest, my body, undulating waist, my thrusting hips and widespread legs opening my swollen pubes to their amused eyes and cruelly teasing fingers, my gasps and pleadings for rarely granted release - this will be their pleasure.

Also, their orgasms worked by me, at their command. Whenever they wish. Like... *NOW*! His cock spasms hard in my mouth, firing his seed into my throat as I tighten around his head, swallowing, swallowing with each of his groaning contractions. Released- I feel a glow of achievement. But I am so close, and suddenly mother's fingers cease their work at my sex. I knew it, expected it, but still the flare of need is stunning. Noooo, so close! Brian's cock is shrinking in my mouth now, and I rock back slightly, letting it slip out and stand glistening with my saliva in front of my face. Such mixed feelings - a sense of achievement in giving him release, yet the burning frustration of my own withheld pleasure. Somehow the feelings complement each other, like salt and pepper. I suspect I'll become quite familiar with this condition.

For some reason I don't understand, I kiss his cock before letting my head and shoulders collapse to the cool tile floor. My rear is still raised, thrusting back at mum, begging for more without even any conscious choice to beg. I spread my knees wider, pushing my arse and sex up at her. See what you have done to me? I know I am swollen and dripping wet, my clit is so hard it hurts. I can feel the tube still tugging in my arsehole, draping down over my left buttock. It's humiliating, and I am so full inside, bowels and pussy, that it aches. I cannot imagine what coming like this would feel like. I am afraid of it. But I want to come. I beg without words, waving my arse in the air, thrusting as if fucking something into myself. I whisper, almost to myself "Please... please..."

I guess everyone must find it entertaining, because for a while no one says or does anything. They just watch me as I suffer, struggling on that mountain of desire, unable to go forward. They don't really know it yet, then, that this is my erotic fantasy, that I am as helpless in it's grip as I am under their hands. To be observed in my sexual needs, humiliated in my helplessness, burning in my own heat, taken and used for their pleasure. But they were figuring it out. They have learned it well, by now, as I write this months later.

After a while, Brian was the first to speak. "Mmmm&nbsp; that was very nice Annie. I could get used to it. You know, I have an idea. Mum, dad, what do you think...? Of course it's a good idea to keep her under strict supervision from now on, and try to help her get some control over these desires of hers. I suppose, by getting her used to strict abstinence. But... perhaps there's another approach? She seems to be addicted to orgasms, sort of. What about also trying a kind of contrasting method? Where she's given far more orgasms than she can bear! I had an idea for something like she did to herself tonight, but um... more um... prolonged and hmmm.... I'd have to show you. Besides, if she experienced something like that at the start, it might make her appreciate abstinence better? Also, why is she just lying there, waving her twat in the air? Shouldn't she be sucking Gary?"

He got up from the toilet, and Gary took his place, while replying. "What, you mean make her come over and over and over, till she can't stand it anymore? You mean for like days and days, right? And *then* switch to forbidding her orgasms? Cool! I don't know if it would work, but I'd enjoy doing it!"

Dad ignored Gary. "You've got some kind of gadget in mind, don't you Brian? I know you. You may have a point too. If we merely stop her masturbating cold turkey, she'll probably just keep looking for an opportunity. You mean to try and train her to not *want* to cum? That there can be a negative side to cumming too? I'm not sure if I can see it, but maybe... What about you Jenni? Do you think it's actually possible to 'cum too much, so it becomes unwanted?"

Mum was still sitting behind me. I know because at this point she reached over my waving arse and grabbed my hair again. She pulled my head up, and body with it, and repeated the 'mouth implant on cock' trick. This time I'd opened my mouth in silent surprise at the rough hair grab, and was about to say 'Ouch!', when my mouth got stuffed with Gary's hard dick. I'd had my eyes closed, so didn't even get to see his up close for comparison.
"Possibly. it's an interesting suggestion. I suppose it might depend on the girl. I can imagine getting to a point where orgasms became just too much, but suppose Annie is different? She might actually be an incorrigible sex addict, with no such reasonable boundaries. I suppose it might be wise to at least find that out, before we make any firm plans for helping her gain control of herself. It might be something useful to repeat now and then too, for reinforcement. Also, it might be a good way to measure what progress we've made. What did you have in mind Brian? Something... safe I hope? Simple? Annie.... begin."

She gave me another sharp spank, then a slow, drawn-out couple more pumps of the bulb. The pumping was the worst; by now my guts were really aching, churning, and demanding to be expelled. Yet somehow it was as if the triple different aches were all bound together - the more urgent the belly and vagina over-fullness aches grew, so did the ache of my desire. Weirdly, there also seemed to be some kind of connection between the fullness of my vagina, and the bowel situation. I could feel contractions gripping my insides, regularly working to push the invading fluid towards the outside world. I'd been afraid there might be a messy leak, and had been squeezing my arse closed as much as I could. But it seemed like every time those cramping feelings moved downwards, there'd be a sort of crossover to the bloated near-painful stretch in my pussy, as well as the general swollen labia and aching clit effect. The cramps would strengthen, the fullness in my lower belly would intensify powerfully, then suddenly there'd be a kind of 'gush-back' feeling inside and everything would settle down again. Only to repeat. Each time a bit more rapidly, and forcefully.

Now mum had added some more water, it suddenly got worse. Or... actually, I was starting to think the feeling was interesting. Kind of arousing even. Even better now I was working on Gary's hard cock. I'd always thought of him as 'little brother', but it actually wasn't so true. While his girth was about the same as Brian's, he'd definitely inherited the family length genes, if the new spot he was hitting down my throat had anything to do with it. Also he decided right away to grab my head and be the one to choose when and how deep his cock was going to go. Fortunately, he seemed to remember that I needed to breathe now and then. Enough that I could mange if I kept my wits about me and breathe when I got a chance, instead of holding my breath in the whirlwind of overwhelming sensations.

Which was getting very hard to do, because... the thing with my stomach was really starting to have an effect. I'd figured it out - my bowels were working hard to push the water downwards, and out. But down there in my lower pelvis, there wasn't any room to spare, what with my vagina being bloated so much with the balloon full of air. Air compresses, so as a wave of muscle contractions pushed water down, my pussy balloon would be compressed, thus pushing against everything else - all that stuff behind the clit, the 'spots', and so on. But the pressure would get too much for the moving ring of bowel contractions to sustain, and they'd let go. Water rushing back upwards. Pussy springs back to inflated shape, clit back pressure decreased. Repeating, over and over. Bowels just doing their job, and getting urgent with it. Not caring about side effects, like... my own body is fucking myself from the inside, and it's getting really intense, and I can't do anything to stop it.

I can't even moan or gasp, mostly, due to this kid brother's oversize cock plugging my throat except for brief moments. When I get a chance to breathe, it's a quick gasp for air, then whamo, cock blocked throat again. And the worst thing, is that despite the intensity of this thing just ramping up and up, till I think I'm going to lose my mind from the self-fucking sensation, and the dizzyness from lack of oxygen, it doesn't seem like this is going to be able to make me come. It's all so... diffuse... without any feeling of being actually touched anywhere that matters. My clit feels like it's being massaged by some kind of ghost within - just barely palpable pressure variations from inside. Not the slightest desperately needed touch. My vagina - it gets so stretched it hurts, then it's nice, then it hurts. But not a touch in sight!
Just one touch! Just one, I'm sure I would come! I wave my rear desperately at mum, but for some reason she doesn't cooperate.

Instead, as I feel Gary nearing his climax, mum puts her palms on my bum firmly, stopping my wild gyrations, steadying my hips. I can feel that she's taken the tube in her fingers, giving it small teasing tugs and wiggles, which make me nearly flip out. I scream onto Gary's cock, just as he lunges his hips up and jams my face hard down on his erection. Splurge meets scream. Somehow none of it goes down my windpipe, which feels like his cock is actually shoved down it, but I guess not. His cock keeps pulsing, jetting into my drawn-out, stoppered scream, jizz and air bubbling past his cock into my mouth. I couldn't swallow if I wanted too, but I'm told my throat was suitably tight regardless. Mum is slowly pulling the tube out of my bum, and I'm *that* close to cumming. The tickling inside is provoking a massive bowel contraction, driving pussy into desperation by the teasing, distributed pressure. I run out of air in the long scream, and hang suspended in a torment of silent agony of not-quite-cum. The bowel pressure feels like I'm going to explode... I'm hanging there, consciousness fading fast, one little touch, please, please...

And then the bowel relaxes, and the tension inside goes 'fwooop' backwards up towards my diaphragm. Suddenly my cum is further away, unreachable. Gary pulls my head off his cock just as I thought I would completely pass out, and I draw a great shaky intake of breath, then let my head and shoulders fall to the floor, again. I'm done, defeated, un-cumming.

But then my gut starts to work up another contraction. I moan despairingly, just as the last of the tube pops out of my bumhole. I feel mum's hands let go of my arse.
"Gary, I think we'd better let Annie have a seat. Lift the lid for me would you?"
I feel someone grasping me under the arms and lifting me, turning me and dropping me to a seated position on the toilet. My legs are pulled wide, as I limply collapse backwards against the cistern. Hands steady me upright. I still can't open my eyes - too weak, and that contraction is building, building, bringing another dreaded, longed-for wave of so-close. Oh, if I only could touch my clit - my hands draw towards my crotch, nearly get there, but other hands anticipate, grasp my wrists and pull them wide. 

"Naughty naughty Annie! That's a punishment later. No touching your pussy without permission, and most definitely never when it's all excited like that! Now, you can let the water out, and we'll see about having a couple more rinses to get you nice and clean inside."

I'm panting heavily, in the throes of another contraction nearing it's peak. I nod, trying to indicate I understand, but then all I can do is drop my head back against the wall, mouth open in a wail of frustrated arousal. I try to push down, letting my bum relax, but nothing comes out. Pushing down had an effect though - it multiplies the feeling that my vagina wants to burst, to give birth to a huge balloon that's too big to pass through the opening. That is compressing my colon so effectively that nothing can escape. I cry out "Auuughghhhhhh...." and hump my pelvis desperately, as if I could shake the pressured contents out of my holes. I'm pushing, pushing, and a slight trickle of dampness exits my arse, dripping into the bowl. Then the bowel muscles give up the battle again, and that body of water feels like it fists itself back up inside in a rush. I collapse on the seat, limp. Somewhere way deep inside, I can feel another wave of expulsion begin slowly.

I'm still panting. I don't know how to try and explain this.
"Annie! Do as I say and stop wasting time. I don't care about your disgusting urges, let the water out now, or you'll get a real spanking right now!"

It's building, taking over my mind again, but I manage to open my eyes. I look down at my crotch, unable to believe the strength of the feelings from there. The sight matches - my bare sex is more red and swollen than I have ever seen it. With my legs widely parted, the outer lips are gaping, glistening with juices. My inner labia are swollen and purpled, stiffly standing like fat petals protruding beyond my slit. At the apex my clit is stuck out from it's hood like a little finger, fat and aching red.
I look up, and around the room. Mum and dad are squatting on either side of me, each holding a wrist and thigh widely open. Gary and Brian are sitting on the bath rim, just feet away, staring directly at my crotch. It's The Fantasy again, and for a moment the world shimmers, going unreal, as my heart pounds out of time.

I struggle to form words through the fog of horny humiliation. "I.... I... try... I'm trying... can't... it won't... w... come c... out..."

"Won't come out?! What tosh girl! Just because you've got yourself in a state, and won't relax. Now, no more nonsense. We'll see about 'won't relax'! Boys, can you hold her like this for me? No touching that naughty little snatch for now."
She stands up, and the boys hop to oblige. Gary takes my right wrist and knee, pulling them even wider. Brian takes the other side, as dad climbs a bit stiffly to his feet, glad to be able to sit on the bath and watch. Mum opens the sink cabinet and rummages for a moment, then comes back with a jar of vaseline. As I'm watching her, the building intestinal contraction inside me is gaining intensity, and I start panting more heavily. I can't help it! She obviously thinks I'm getting excited over the idea of the vaseline, and what she's going to do with it. I suppose there's some truth to that too, so when she glares at me I drop my eyes, guiltily, panting through my open mouth.

"Oh... good GRIEF girl! You are impossible! Your own mother, and you are getting turned on over the thought of my fingers and vaseline! Well that does it, I believe Brian's idea definitely has merit! But for now..."
She pops the lid off the jar, and takes a generous dab of the jelly. Squatting between my legs, she touches the blob delicately on the tip of my clit, then pauses. I'm shuddering, the bowel pressure building, building, and spreading intensity to my sex. "I can see you'd like me to give this a nice rubby-rub, wouldn't you?"
She didn't wait for an answer, but pulled her finger away. "No, not now. Now, we're going to put a stop to this 'can't let it go' nonsense. Like this." At which she jammed her vaselined middle finger firmly into my bum hole. Worked it around for a moment ignoring my struggles and gasps, then slipped a second finger in with the other. Turning her hand palm upwards, she pushed into me as far as they would go. Then she began to curl her fingers upwards, pulsing them as if masturbating my arsehole.

Of course this directly pressed on the balloon in my pussy, with all the usual results, in addition to the pressure that was bearing down on that balloon from above as my bowel tried again. I gasped and threshed against the hands restraining me, completely losing control. "OH OHuuhhhh... oh god oh GOD ohhhh uuuhhhhh... ouuhhh please, uh uh... fuck fuck.. please... uh... uhooohh! Uhh! oh god help, sombody uhhhh please fuck... ahhhh! fuck me! ohhh godddddd help meeeeee! Please, I can't... can't stand... please... "

The only thing in the rest of the room that registered on me for a while was what mum's fingers were doing. Also I wasn't at all thinking about what she was doing, just reacting to the sensations. After a while the feelings changed - she switched from the curl-stroking, simply holding her two fingers spread apart in my arse. Must have been that she started to realize my hole and insides weren't tensed up, but there still wasn't any water coming out. The next thing I knew, something was pushing into my vaginal entrance, pressing on the balloon and forcing in between it and my overstretched flesh. Managing to open my eyes, I say she'd slipped her thumb into my pussy, as well as keepng two fingers up my bum. I went through a couple more of the bowel contractions and reversals with her just sitting there, fingers and thumb in me like I'm a bowling ball or something. Me panting and moaning in waves, sometimes opening my eyes for another look at the shocking sight of my mum's fingers embedded inside both my holes. 

Apparently it finally occurred to her that the balloon in my vagina was the blockage, not my muscles, and she pulled her fingers out of me. Of course I'm still humping and groaning, not really paying attention to anything, except those spastic contractions inside, that keep making my pussy and clit feel like they are going to burst, but without ever *quite* reaching orgasm. Later I learnt that at this point mum herself had fetched the video camera, and added a few minutes record of me sitting there on the toilet, writhing and begging incoherently, spread and held in place by my brothers. They are smiling and grinning for the camera, while apart from my rather bloated tummy, I look and sound exactly like some mad teenage bimbo having a kind of sexual epileptic fit. She zoomed in on my swollen, dripping, humping sex just to make sure that point came across clearly. Thanks mum.

Next thing I'm aware of then, is another penetration of my pussy, immediately followed by a loud 'BWOOPfthBthfpthb!' sound together with feeling like someone punched me in the lower stomach. Then right after that, a wet gushing feeling in my rear, sound effects of lots of water falling into the toilet, and a dramatic relief of the internal pressure. Two out of three, anyway. There's also a lot of slippery fluid dripping out of my pussy, now it's no longer plugged in there.

It's enough that I regain some kind of consciousness of what's happening. Seems mum had applied the pinprick treatment to my vaginal balloon pal. I'm still held in place as she fishes the balloon remnants from my pussy, then lubricates that tube and slides it deep up into my rectum again. This time she attaches the other end directly to the bath spigot after adjusting the temperature to a mildly warm gentle flow, and simply lets the water flow into me continuously. After a few moments of my insides clamping down on the tube, and the pressure swelling me up again, I get the hang of just relaxing and letting it flow out continuously too. During which she works the tube even deeper into me, and I can feel it curving up, across under my diaphram and down the other side. It's a very strange feeling, to have something moving around so far inside myself, where I've never felt anything before.

Eventually, the water emerging is completely clear, and mum disconnects the tube from the tap. Having my brothers lay me down spread on my back on the bath mat, she gets dad to press down and massage on my belly while she works the tube back and forth, slowly drawing it out of me. I couldn't believe she had four feet of that tube shoved up me! The other end is over the floor drain, as remnant water is extracted.

During this last bit I'd cooled down a little, at least enough to pay more attention to what was going on around me, rather than merely writhing mindlessly. Mum took a few moments to wash stuff in the sink, flush the toilet, and so on. Meanwhile dad, done with the stomach massaging, switched to my pussy and nipples. Turns out he's easily as good at this as mum, which was a pity because mum started a discussion with dad and the boys about what to do with me next. Something about whether to replace the balloon, or try out the other idea now. I lost track as dad drove me back to a state of panting near-orgasm. All I could think of was that being dad he'd probably do it hard enough to make me come. But no such luck, he seemed to be as good at teasing as mum. Worse, he seemed to enjoy torturing me like that.

The next thing I know, I'm being stood up in front of the sink, Gary and Brian holding my arms, dad standing pressed against my back while still fingering my pussy with one hand and groping my breasts with the other. Mum is telling me to hold my mouth open so she can brush my teeth. Which she proceeded to do! It's not easy to&nbsp; hold a mouthful of water and rinse, while someone is working dobs of vaseline into your whole slit, making sure to cover your aching hard clit and fingering plenty deep into your pussy. And the same goes for bending over and spitting, when that makes it convenient for them to work more vaseline well into your arsehole.

So then they all marched me back to my bedroom. If 'marched' is the right word for it. At first dad got me moving from behind, his left hand around my upper left arm, and his right hand with two fingers hooked deep in my arse. Then everyone else felt left out apparently, so before we even got out of the bathroom Brian was leading, with his right hand reaching back and two fingers hooked up into my cunt. Gary fell in beside him and chose a nipple to drag me by. Mum just grabbed a handful of my hair, for the symbolism I guess. We barely fitted through my bedroom doorway.

I was kind of hoping they'd all have had enough excitement and cums, and would be it for tonight. Tuck me into bed, kiss me goodnight, and all that. But no. Instead they'd apparently decided to indulge Brian's Brilliant Idea. So while the others quickly tied me on my back, my wrists and ankles pulled outwards to the four corners of my bed, he rushed off.&nbsp; "To find a few more bits, won't be a moment" he said. It took him several minutes. Mum, dad, and Gary once they'd finished with getting me tied with my own stockings, sat down on the bed and chairs, waiting. I was just thinking the sex stuff really was over, when mum had other ideas and picked up my vibrator. She didn't say anything, just casually shoved it deep into my spread pussy and turned it on full. Like 'oh yeah, might as well to pass the time.' She was sitting on the bed to my right, next to my hips. She put her left hand cupping and squeezing my breasts and started to work the vibe in and out with her right, only glancing at my face briefly. Mostly she looked at the buzzing thing sliding in my puffy sex, and watching dad and Gary, as they watched what she was doing. Like she was mostly interested in seeing their reactions to her little show, and my responses were only relevant as part of the show. 'Mum fucks bound daughter with vibe. Question- does it make the guys hard again, despite them all having cum so many times they lost count?' kind of thing. She did it to me slowly for a little while, then as the inevitable happened and my hips started their own counterpoint thrusts, she'd toss in short bursts of very rapid in-out pounding and quick back and forth fingertip rubbing on my clit.

No dead horses flogged in this room! It got me going again really quickly, despite being a bit sore by now. The show also worked for the audience - receiving a standing ovation of two hard dicks. Then Brian returned with a cardboard fruit box of stuff, and decided he'd like to watch this too. So for several more minutes I'm being used as a 'how to tease a teenage slut to desperation' demo model. I'd discovered by now that mum wasn't intending to let me cum, and as you'd expect, was deadly accurate in picking when to back off a little. Soon it was *three* erections in the room, and one very hot panting Annie.
By then I wasn't paying much attention to what people did, but I did catch mum saying something about "Leave Annie to the evil genius now. Alex and Gary, let's go and make us a sandwich."

I'd been laying there with my eyes closed, trying unsuccessfully to headfake mum into making me cum. Difficult when you can't stop your hips from humping. The next thing I realize the vibrator is sliding out of my pussy by itself and, mum, dad and Gary are not there. It's just me, and Brian setting up his mad science experiment. Heath Robinson sex machine, whatever. Little did I know...

He'd found a couple more rubber hot water bottles, some thin plastic tubing, and other assortments. After propping my head up with some pillows so I could watch, he started by fixing one of the balloons to the end of a length of thin tubing with tightly wound tape, then shoving the balloon into my arse.
Next he fixed another balloon to the end of the foot of garden hose in the same way. The other end of that hose got joined to something that screwed into the neck of a rubber hot water bottle. Then he punctured the center of the short garden hose with a plastic pipe junction that I think was a spare for the garden drip feed system. Onto that went the end of another length of thin tubing.
Then it got mysterious. He shoved the hot water bottle attached to the short thick tube under my bum, between me and the bed. Then used some gaffer tape to tape the flat rubber bottle to my backside, so no matter what I did, that thing would be staying underneath me. The other end of the fat hosepipe (with the balloon attached) then got shoved unromantically up my pussy.

Now he added valves and T-junctions to the loose ends of the two small tubes. The other sides of both T's went to screw-in plugs in two more water bottles. The side branches of the T's also got valves, then more tubing to a junction&nbsp; with a squeeze-pump attached, then finally one more length of tubing.

For some reason all this tedious tubing rigmarole wasn't cooling me off very much from the frustrated edge where mum had left me. Having pipes with attached balloons in both my pussy and arse, absolutely nothing I could do about it, and a fair idea of where all this coiled tubing and water bags piled between my legs was leading, was one thing. Looking down my naked, spread body at my nipples and clit all sticking up, and my dear naked brother Brian playing Mad Plumber Pervert while seeming to completely ignore both my sexy body and his stiffly bobbing erection, was something else.

Then he pulls a plastic drum of water from his fruitbox, and sets it on the bed, against my thigh. It's warm, how terribly considerate of dear brother. "How long have you been dreaming this up for, you weirdo?"

"Actually, it never occurred to me till earlier this evening. Thanks for your totally non-weird inspirational example, sis. Don't know why the concept of balloon and vagina combinations isn't more widely known, it's brilliant! All bow to kinky sister genius! Und now, ve begin ze rocket fuel tanks filling procedure. Bwahahaha!"

I can't believe I actually laughed at his mad German rocket scientist act.

He makes a hole in the drum cap, and inserts the one loose tubing end into the water. Sets each of the valves. "Let's start with your arse...." He begins squeezing the hand pump. I don't feel anything.
He must have noticed me looking at him with a 'ha, you fail' look. "Don't expect anything for a while. I'm just going to fill these water bottles on the hose ends here first. See..."

Ah yes, I see... the water bottle is filling up, swelling. But, so what? I roll my eyes. He notices.
"In any hydraulics system, there has to be a reservoir, and a head of pressure. We'll get to that in a moment. Now shush with your sarcasm. Don't antagonize the man with the Pump of Doom."&nbsp; He keeps pumping. The bag reaches 'full', and he closes the valve from it to the pump.
I suppose I should have seen the next move coming. Obvious in hindsight. He lifts the bag, and hangs it by an S hook from a shelf by my bed, about three feet above me.

But there's still no change in the things inside me.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now I can see why - one more valve to open. He switches other valves, and pumps some more. Filling the other waterbottle. I just wait patiently, thinking that right now is probably the most comfortable I'll be for the rest of the night. Besides, in the quiet I'm starting to hear noises from elsewhere in the house that sound like mum going "Uhhh Uhhh Uhhh Uhhhhhhh UoooOOHHH..." 'Make us a sandwich...?' Oh. I see. One female, two guys, both with the staying power that comes from already cumming several times. So that's what she was thinking of. Apparently things are going to be quite different around here from now on.

When Brian has the second water bottle full, it gets hung up as well. He's listening too. "Hmm... Sounds like they'll be busy for a while. I guess we may as well begin without them. And so...." He opens one of the valves, and I can immediately feel the swelling inside my arse. It's quite slow, due I suppose to the long thin tube. Slow, but powerful... it grows and grows... Feels something like an enema, only there's no feeling of 'infiltration' deeper inside. Just a swelling right there low down in my rectum. Much like the feeling of the balloon in my pussy in the bath. It's really... rather nice. With one major difference - I have no way to shut it off. All I can do is squeeze... I can stop it by clamping down, but as soon as I relax, it swells again. So far pleasant, but a bit worrying about how big it will go.

"I want this to be a strong feeling, but not painful. We'll adjust the bag height to get the best pressure." The bag is noticeably diminished, and he pumps some replacement water in from the drum.
"Well that's just for background. Now the main course." He opens a valve below the other hanging bag. Immediately I feel a stirring in my pussy. Bath-balloon like sensation, Mmmmm nice... The thought that whatever effect this has on me, the rest of my family are going to be watching soon enough... ohhhh... my hips rock, and right away I see what he's done here. As my hips lift, the water in my pussy balloon gurgles down the thick pipe into the hot water bottle underneath me. I drop back, and my weight shoots the water back into my pussy balloon. Oooooooo.... As more water gets into that system from the hanging bag, I realize that every small motion of my hips gets hydraulically transmitted directly into my channel. Only it's as if in reverse - I thrust up, my pussy gets emptied. I fall back down, my pussy gets the water Fist of God effect. Oh! Ohhhh holy crap! Ohhhh.... 

And as both arse and pussy sets continue to swell, the effects interact and grow more intense! Uhhhhh! I can see right way that if he fills this up enough I'll be helplessly forcing myself to cum all night. Over and over and over...

"Well! Looks like we're onto something here eh Annie? Probably should patent it. Umm... you were cumming all that time from when we found you in the bath till when we took the balloon out, weren't you? That was just from being really full in there, no movement at all. Thing is, I want to get this adjusted to a slightly _less_ cum-effective level tonight. Let's see now..."

He lifts the vagina-fill bag down to a much lower shelf, barely above me. Right away I can feel the difference, as the fill rate drops to nothing. I squeeze, attempting to achieve that cum-inducing feeling, but the intensity is diminishing. Too little... I lift up, relax, and can feel water sloooowly fill into the bag attached to my backside. Dropping back to the bed, that water pulses into my cunt, a wonderful powerful thrust. But then it ebbs, as water follows the small pipe back to the hanging reservoir. I repeat the 'lift, hold, drop' action, and get another lovely liquid impulse where it counts. But so much effort, and the wait is so long... Still, the feelings inside can't be ignored, and make me _want_ more. And my arse is still being filled powerfully, lending an overtone of intensity to the mix of feelings. Altogether it's intense, but... it's hard to tell if I might be able to cum from this. Possibly not.
Especially with my clit standing stiff and neglected, untouchable and alone, right in my face. Taunting me, letting me know there's absolutely nothing I can do about it.

"Brian, you... you... sadist. Put it back up higher!"
"Nope. Mum and dad decided your abstinence might as well begin tonight. And that's 'abstinence' in the sense of no orgasms, but wanting them very, very badly. What better punishment for a masturbator than to be unable to stop pleasuring yourself, but unable to come? It should get really interesting in a few days, as you get more and more horny, don't you think? I've got some ideas for other ways to edge you that might work even better than this."

He pauses, ear cocked, stiff cock bobbing. "Sounds like those guys are still going. Why'd they leave the room anyway? I don't think you'd have minded. Heh... you know, I bet dad is going to want me to make one of these for mum too. Wow, so many possibilities for you and mum interacting!"

Sitting down on the bed next to my thrusting, tube festooned hips, he idly toys with my boobs while silently watching the hydraulics for several minutes. Judging the effects. The noises from elsewhere in the house eventually quiet, but I scarcely notice. This setup is showing ominous signs of seriously driving me nuts. Impossible to ignore because even if I just lie still it *grows* in me. Which makes my cunt and arse go into impulsive spasms, and my hips buck up, which in turn pulls the pressure rug out from my pussy balloon, so I drop back and that socks it to me with extra impulse power, and so, repeat. Intense in some ways, only it's all too slow and backwards to get me over the peak to cum.

"Perhaps a bit more pressure there..." He adjusts the pussy-fill bag up one shelf level. "How's the one in your bum? Not painful?"&nbsp; He demands my attention by pinching a nipple painfully.

"Uh... uh... no... You realize this would be considered cruel and unusual punishment, right?"
"Well you can submit your case to the UN. Don't forget to include the bit about packing your own pussy with a water balloon and masturbating for an hour in the bath with the door unlocked. So... this is not painful either?" He lifts the arse-filling bag up another shelf too, then pumps some more water into it from the tank. The pressure in my arse gets quite a bit more intense. My whole lower abdomen really.

"Urrrghhh... please, that's too much... uhhhh..." I'm panting, unable to hold myself still from the undulating lift-and-hold, then sudden drop back down that my pelvis has learnt gives the best vaginal satisfaction. Even if not enough.

"You know Sis, I'm *really* looking forward to seeing how horny you get after a few days of no orgasms. Or heck... if we can actually stop you having any, why not be more ambitious? Weeks? Months even? Ohhh... man that thought makes me... urrrghhh!" One hand squeezing my tit hard, he jacks his stiff cock with the other. "Oh god yeah.... so hot! Looking at you going naked around the house every day, constantly getting your hungry pussy fingered and fucked, your naughty little clit always sticking out hard, and you never, ever getting to cum... fuckin ace! This is going to be so great."

He's still jacking himself, staring at my naked humping, obviously dreaming of how I'll look in this 'no cums for Annie' future vision. I can imagine too, and for some reason it strikes me as fairly hot too. I would expect I'd get extremely desperate after a while, and I suppose every male's ideal girl is one obviously dying for a cum. Which to a male would look the same as a girl dying for a fuck, and who cares if she comes even. I must look like that already, and it's only been half an hour with the pussy hydraulics. I'm panting quietly, and so is he now.

"Uhhnhh... Uhhnn... Uhhnn&nbsp; Yeah... we'll have to come up with some kind of chastity shield for you, that you'll have to wear whenever you're not under supervision around here. uh... uhh... oh yeah Sis you're gonna have to wear a chastity belt to school! Every night tied to your bed with something like this, so you're always sooooo close... uh.... uhhhh.... uuHHHH..."

He's getting really excited with this idea I can see. For a moment it seems like he's getting ready to spurt onto my twisting, wanna-cum belly, but then he suddenly lets go of his dick and just sits there, stiff purple-red cock twitching in the air towards me, both his hands running over my breasts while he looks back and forth between his own rigid cock and my en-tubed sex.

"Mmmmmmm... oh yeah, ohhhhh maaaan that's so intense, stopping just before cumming. Uuuuuuhhh I'm soooo close! Almost unbearable... and I already came so many times tonight. Ohhhh... thinking about making you feel like this *all* *the* *time*.... yeah.... for weeks and weeks... this is just so fucking HOT! I swear I'm gonna be hard twenty four seven thinking about it. And any time *we* want to cum, we can fuck you, or have you suck us off, or Mum will do us.... but you'll just be living with a swollen, aching pussy from now on. And showing it bare naked. Fuckin-A, this is just... just... AWESOME!"

He starts jacking himself again, but at the sounds of footsteps returning down the hall, stops.
Mum, Dad and Gary enter my bedroom, wearing pajamas (nightie in Mum's case)&nbsp; and looking pleased with themselves.
Brian gestures at me with a flourish. "Ta Daaa! May I present, Tube Girl, Mark One. Not to be confused with Tub Girl, no shit. Will our heroine manage to cum eventually? Who knows, but so far things are looking grim for her."

They crowd round my bed, praising the evil little shit on his clever job. Of course then they have to play some games with how high the waterbottles are hung on the bookshelves. Higher of course. For a while it's 'seriously guys, I'm gonna burst, that really hurts' time for me, but 'dear brother' ends up getting the bags back at the levels he calls 'optimal effect'. So I should be thankful, right?

When that's over with and they're all hanging around postponing going away and leaving me to my night of torment, I see Brian catch Dad's eye, and make a subtle hand gesture to his still-hard cock, and then point at Mum. Mum didn't see, and Dad grins back and gives a slight nod. What happened next really underlined how different things were going to be around here now.

Mum was standing beside my bed, looking down at my still-squirming naked body, thinking private thoughts. Her nightie was pretty sheer, and I could see her nipples were hard again. Brian just walked up behind her, grabbed the mid-thigh hem of the nightie on either side, and pulled it upwards without any kind of warning. He had it over the back of her head and pulling it off down her arms even as she turned around in surprise. For a moment it seemed like she was going to complain, till she spotted the stern look Dad gave her. She shut up, and then Brian's cock pressed between her bum cheeks as he tossed the nightie to Dad, and pressed a hand against her back. As he pushed her upper body forward onto the bed, to lie across my chest, I caught a quick flash of something like a raised eyebrows 'Oh my goodness!' expression on her face. Then her face was on the bed turned away from me and her breasts were pressed down on mine, as Brian pushed her feet apart on the floor and guided his cock into her from the rear. It slipped into her easily, and he thrust hard several times making her body jerk atop mine. Then he pulled out and gripped his cock in his hand again, aiming higher as he pushed in more slowly.

Well there's a first time for everything, isn't there? Definitely the first time I'd had my naked Mum lying across me, grunting in pleasure as my dear brother buggered her vigorously. With every thrusting impact of his hips against her bottom jerking her whole body and transmitted to me, who she was lying on top of.

Needless to say it took him quite a while to finish, and everyone stayed to watch. Gary even fetched the camera, and took a few shots of my plumbing arrangements (with buggered-mum as background) while he waited. Dad just contented himself with sporadically tickling the soles of my feet whenever he seemed to think I was getting bored.

The most bizarre part of all this was when Brian was done, and Mum was allowed to stand up again. She just stood up as if everything was absolutely normal, fluffed up my pillow and arranged my hair neatly around my head as if tucking me in. Then said "Goodnight dear. Sweet dreEEeams" in a totally cheerful everyday voice, and led them all out of my room. Blew me a kiss from the doorway and turned off the light even. The only thing that was different from some scene from my childhood ten years ago, was that they left my bedroom door wide open. And, you know, that she and I were naked, me tied spread eagled with no bed sheets, rigged with an evil plumber's fantasy sex machine, and on the panting cusp of orgasm. Plus I think Gary slipped some fingers into her cunt from behind just as she said 'dreams'.

It was a long night, but I did get some sleep eventually despite waking several times from dreams involving being deeply probed by aliens using some kind of huge exciter tentacle thingy that would swell up inside me.

No, I wasn't able to cum. Not that night, or ever again so far.

It's been three months now, and it isn't getting any easier. It doesn't even stop getting more and more desperately frustrating. Of course, the worse it gets for me, the more they enjoy teasing me. If only they weren't so inventive! Brian's the worst, but Dad and Gary are giving him some serious competition. Dad's favorite game is to forbid mum any orgasms too, with exceptions only as rewards for coming up with new and interesting ways to edge me. The catch being, that if she 'screws up' and accidentally allows me to cum, then mum has to swap status with me - no orgasms for her, and I get to tease her as much as I like. She's very careful to avoid this, and she's getting terribly good at teasing me to screaming tears.

Just recently though, they've decided that it might be 'entertaining' to let me cum now and then! But to earn a possibility of a cum, I've been set a list of tasks I have to complete. The first one is to write up the story of my 'adventures' since that evening of my discovery in the bath, and post it online. Which is why I'm sitting here now, typing this. I've been given an hour each evening, in which to write. Sitting alone in my room, the room with no door. I'm naked as always, sitting on a folded towel on my chair to absorb the constant seeping wetness from my poor, aching pussy, untouchable behind the shiny stainless steel shield. It's held tightly over my mound by locking onto several small rings pierced into my flesh around my sex. Every few minutes, the computerized egg inserted in my pussy today does one of it's maddeningly randomized joggling dances, just to make sure I don't forget it's been THREE MONTHS since I last came, and I'm so aroused my poor stiff clitty *aches*. Under the shield my labia are swollen and itchy, but held widely open from top to bottom of my slit. Clit standing erect all alone under that metal dome, nothing touching. I can't even remember the last time my nipples were not throbbing little bullets. I'm actually allowed to play with them any time I like, because extensive experimentation has proved I'm unable to achieve orgasm through breast stimulation alone. I try to avoid touching them - it just makes me feel worse.

Brian was right too. Though it's a kind of agony, I have to admit the state of near-perpetual sexually aroused orgasm denial in which I exist now, is *damned* *hot*. This whole teenage sister sex toy thing isn't exactly what you'd call politically correct, but I can see it from their point of view I guess. If you are going to have a sex toy sister at all, then why wouldn't you keep her in a state of maximum possible horniness?
So much more entertaining for them all that way.

Well, that was the story of my first evening after being caught masturbating. Another three months worth of 'my sexual atonement' diary to write, and then I *might* be allowed an orgasm. If I wrote it well enough. Maybe.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:   SensoryOverlord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





