BDSM Library -  The Night Begins




 The Night Begins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A sub nervously yet excitedly arranges to meet a Dom who will use and abuse her like the dirty slut she is






The Night Begins
I was dressed as per his instructions...red corset, short black skirt, fishnet stockings, stiletto heels and no underwear. I'd had to practice walking in the extremely high heels all week and I was still feeling wobbly. Even covered by a thigh length coat, I knew that I looked like a slut as I walked through the foyer to the hotel bar, I could see people looking at me and it was clear they were wondering if I was a hooker. Shame stirred in me and I thought about the things I would be doing later tonight, he'd told me how much he was looking forward to using and degrading me. As he'd described all the ways in which he'd fuck, tease and humiliate me I'd been so turned on, waves of lust washing through my body, that I'd agreed to it all. Whatever he wanted. I shivered as I contemplated how much control I'd given to him, someone I barely knew. I paused before entering the bar, it wasn't too late, I could still turn back. Except that there was a fire of anticipation burning in me that I knew I couldn't extinguish on my own. For better or worse, personal safety and self respect be damned....I needed this.
I saw him standing at the bar, instantly recognising him from the photos he'd sent me. As I approached he turned around to watch, regarding my body with cool, dark eyes whose intent I couldn't fathom. However he smiled as I arrived and I knew then he was pleased. I casually handed him the remote for the vibrating egg he'd sent up to me last week. I'd inserted it earlier that day as instructed but I had not been allowed to use the remote. I shook my head when he asked if I'd used it, and the way he said 'Good girl' gave me a warm tingle through my torso. He made me take off my coat and turn around for him so he could see how I looked, out of the corner of my eye I could see the other bar patrons watching curiously and I blushed. He reached under my skirt and gave my bum a squeeze before slapping me on the arse and saying 'Lets go'. As I bent down to pick up my coat he used the remote to activate the egg. The pleasurable vibration took me by surprise and I gasped involuntarily. Turning the vibration up a notch, the bastard just laughed. I tried to keep my balance as we walked to the elevators while he played around with the settings. Fast, then slow, then rapid bursts, then random. By the time we got to his room I was dripping and more aroused than I could ever remember feeling before.
Outside his hotel room he paused and looked me in the eyes, "Once you enter this room you're mine. Do you understand? If you're at all unsure then you can walk away now, no questions asked." I knew what he was asking, I'd agreed to do whatever he wanted provided it didn't cross one of my hard limits which I had cut down to the bare essentials. That still left a lot of room for any number of sick and humiliating acts, and I knew I would get tested. However no matter what he said, I knew it was too late to back out now, not when I was this close...the heady mix of desire and degradation was too intoxicating to resist. "I understand" I said, and we both knew I meant it. He leaned in for a gentle kiss on the lips, smiled at me and then growled, "get on your fucking hands and knees slut", giving me a hard slap to the face for emphasis. I dropped down and looked up at him for further instruction...he opened the door and signalled for me to crawl in, and as the door clicked shut behind us he let out an evil laugh that sent shivers down my spine.
Still on my hands and knees on the carpet, he pulls my skirt up, has a look, then decides the skirt is no longer necessary and commands me to take it off. He asks me if I cleaned myself before coming out tonight, by the way his fingers are probing around my arse I know he means an enema, and I answer yes, I did clean there. He grabs some lube and then sticks one, then two fingers in there, probing and stretching me. Pulling my hole open he spits into it, and as I feel it slides down I shudder with pleasure...again he laughs, calling me a sick bitch, but he sounds pleased. His fingers are presented to me for cleaning and I willingly oblige. Standing in front of me he grabs my hair and pulls me into a kneeling position. I'm hungry now for his cock and I struggle to control myself lest he decide to torture me by making me wait longer. My lust obviously shows clearly in my eyes as he decides to make me wait. I still have the vibrating egg inside me, he's been turning it off every time I show signs of coming but now he decides to take it out and I am made to clean it. My corset now comes off and left wearing nothing but my high heels which he decides can stay on.
He orders me into the bathroom, I move as if to stand up and walk and am knocked back by a forceful slap, chastened I crawl to the bathroom on my hands and knees, receiving a firm kick to my exposed cunt as I crawl. Strangely this only turns me on more. He tells me to get in the shower and kneel, while he removes his clothing. When he's ready he tells me that he wants me to piss in front of him. My heart sinks and I make an attempt at humour by staying "the mind is willing but the flesh is weak". He is not amused. I try and explain that when I'm nervous I go to the toilet a lot, and I was really nervous beforehand so I was peeing a lot, and now I have no pee left....trailing off into an awkward silence. I look at the bathroom floor, ashamed at myself. "Hmmm, maybe you just need something to drink then" he says as he moves to stand in front of me. With a smirk he orders me to open my mouth. I obey, trembling slightly though as I look up at him, his smirk has changed to a look of arousal and it triggers the same arousal in me. As his golden flow fills my mouth I maintain eye contact with him and watch the fire in his eyes grow as I swallow. Turn around, he commands, and I quickly turn around and use my fingers to spread wide my arse and cunt so that he can fill them both. When he is finished he orders me to lick the shower floor clean, while he wanks.
He grabs my piss soaked hair and slaps me so hard I fall back on my knees. Shoving his cock in my surprised mouth, I have no chance to catch my breath before he is face fucking me. I am gagging so much that I have tears coming out the side of my eyes and am finding it hard to breathe. Pulling out he stands up and shoves me back on the floor then comes all over my face and hair. As he walks out of the bathroom he throws me a towel and tells me to have a shower. Laughing, he says that this has only been the entree, and next up is the main course. From the bathroom I hear the clinking of chains and the sound of toy bags being opened as he prepares for whatever he has in store for me. Wiping some of his cum off my face, I lick my finger greedily while I contemplate the wonderful question that's just occurred to me....so what's for dessert then?





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Linda.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





