BDSM Library -  Oral Pleasures




 Oral Pleasures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A short fantasy about giving the best oral pleasure ever.






Master was so pleased with me for completing all my orders quickly and competently for the whole week with not even one word of a correction. i beamed proudly, Sir interrupted my smugness...'don't get too cocky with it slut.. but you will have your reward tonight, ill take you to the ice cream parlour.' i somehow contained my squeals of excitement and nodded to Him gratefully.
Later that evening Sir twirled my round so i could show off my little yellow dress, spaghetti straps with V neck that plunged down between my breasts, bodice design that flared out just above my knees, i tiptoed as i twirled around on little white pumps with small bows across the bar.
He wore shiny black shoes polished by my own hands, black dress pants with a casual vibrant blue shirt with the top button opened. He stops my twirl by grabbing my face..my cheeks squeezing making my lips all squished as i look up at Him, He places His finger on them and says 'This mouth will be used well tonight. I know you will please me 'He exclaims with every ounce of strong confident Masterful voice. i knew i was safe in His hands, whatever happened.
As we near the parlour walking hand in hand down the dark cold street, i began to feel like a child giddy and excited skipping in my step as we neared the ice cream bar called 'Oral Pleasures'. The building was lit up bright in the darkness and as we walked inside it was very busy with people laughing and enjoying the music. The lights were dim and the disco lights spun the room slowly reflecting the Roy Orbison slow song that a few couples people were dancing to in the lounge area.
As we searched for a booth i glanced to Sir as He reached into His inner jacket pocket and pulled out an envelope, He handed it to me and told me to go to the bathroom and read carefully. i did as ordered without hesitation knowing that treats out with Sir doesn't always go as expected.. there are always extra hidden surprises too.
I tore open the envelope and read the note :
Follow these instructions carefully:
~When you come back out, you will crawl under the table where I am sat.
~You will find two pairs of legs, one being Mine, the other my date for the evening, you must concentrate on giving her oral pleasure.
~Enjoy your sweet treat My pet.
Master
i was so excited yet nervous about going out again, my heart was racing but like always, i was in Masters hands, i put my fears to the side and walked out again. Looking across the sea of faces in the dim atmosphere i made my way to the recognisable striking blue shirt He wore. He looked round to me and i paused, looking across His table to see the stunning blond greet me. After a few moments i focussed and smiled politly, then i sank to my knees and crawled under the table. i heard Master chit chat with the woman, they were flirty with each other and laughing while i knelt beneath them watching the legs fidget and move as they spoke. She wore shiny red low heel that encased her small feet. i was giddy with excitement at my task; this woman i do not know i was allowed to touch in places that ive only fantasised about.
Remembering my instructions, i place my hand on the slim ankle of the woman, she responds with a twitch, and i hear her hesitate in mid flow of her conversation above, but then she slides off her shoe and wriggles her toes slowly. i trace my finger over her toes softly pushing my finger separating each one. i smile listening to a soft squeal from above, then Master saying 'focus on me, ignore what is going on below' He orders the woman, before carrying on with their conversation, something about their highschool days together.
i kneel infront of her, both hands on her ankles and slide my hand up her slender legs, i reach her knees and everso slightly push them apart. Her short skirt tight across her lap i look between her legs and see that she is wearing absolutely nothing. i smile and inhale, already smelling a faint waft of her arousal. Planting soft kisses on the inner sides of her knees, she continues to flirt and laugh with Master as she shuffles her ass a little forward enabling me to push her already hot thighs wider. i continue to work my way up her inner thighs with my kisses, each one more lingering and wetter until im at the top of her divine legs, licking hungrily. A sharp kick from Masters foot pushes my face forward into her sweetness, i hear her gasp in shock and Master reminding the lady to re focus and keep her eyes on Him. i turn to see that Master has His hand cupping small yellow crumbs of something, i take a handful and place a few in my mouth, feeling the instant popping and crackling on my tongue. i smiled at the sensations desperate to go back to my instructions to share the fizz. Sliding back to my position between the ladies legs i slide my hands up her thighs and trace my fingers across her delicate folds. A slight popping still felt i push my tongue onto her open hot sex, just resting there for about 30 seconds as she mumbles and hesitates her words above, desperately clutching onto her focus. The dribble from my sweetened saliva running between every crevice of her snatch, i begin to move my tongue as she squirms her legs obviously deeply aroused i use my tongue to lick up the trails of saliva, from where her ass meets the leather bench, my tongue curling round into the lips of her slightly open slit all the way up round her clitty and i push up with the very tip of my tongue into her clithood.
i release my whole mouth to pour the rest of the pop rocks into my mouth, my tongue popping so loud i plunge back into her buzzing sex and feel her and tense up then relax, letting out a moan mid sentence to Master. She feels fizzing and buzzing sensations as i spread the rocks all over licking at them eagerly, moving them to different areas with my tongue. By this time her words have turned into involuntary suppressed groans of pleasure as she tries desperately to keep a straight face for Him, He just looks on in amusement. When He realises she is close, He reaches for her hands and She grips them tightly and stares into His eyes while i shove my stiffened tongue deep into her fuck hole, she jerks her hips and moans out without inhibition. i know what is coming, i can anticipate the offering excitedly and with my last thrust i feel the hot wet splash hit my waiting tongue. I hungrily lap at the sweet offering enjoying ever single drop of my treat. Sitting back under the table, licking at my own lips as they end their conversation and say their goodbyes. 'Come on fucktoy!' He calls and i crawl from under the table to His waiting hand smoothing down my pretty yellow dress before walking towards the door, i turn to look over my shoulder and smile warmly to the flustered yet satisfied woman.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kalista


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





