BDSM Library - The Fallen Angel




The Fallen Angel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:      The C.I.A's top 3 female spies are betrayed and captured in germany by a sinister organization who torture them for information.






THE FALLEN ANGEL by pembo


'THE FALLEN ANGEL'




'THE FALLEN ANGEL' part one 

* * *
Sammi's dark hair was gently blown by the cool ocean breeze, her short summer dress floating up suggestively, showing off her long tanned leg's as the local surfer boy's looked on, silently praying the breeze would blow it up just a little more. Sammi was on her daily walk along Laguna beach with max her loyal cross breed terrier, whom she had rescued from the pound four years previous. This was the first walk Sammi and Max had been on for two week's, due to her work commitments and she intended to spoil him rotten. She watched on, as he played in the surf, his shaggy hair, matted from the water and sand, oblivious to the admiring glances she was receiving, and the voice from behind startled her.
"Megan! when are you going to let me take you out, on a date?" shout's one of the surfer's.
"Sorry guy's, but this is the only man i want in my life right now!" she smiles, while hugging max.
The surfer's had christened Sammi, Megan because of her uncanny resemblance to the actress 'Megan Fox' and every day they would ask the same question, and crack the same jokes to her. She liked the attention from the boys, and they seemed friendly enough, but they were not her type. She preferred the strong silent type, but they were hard to come by, in Sammi's line of work. 
The girl's had been given some much needed rest and relaxation after there exploits, and Kimberley and Cassy had chosen to go cliff climbing for the day, leaving Sammi behind to spoil max. They had begged her to go , but after Pakistan she just could not face looking at another mountain, let alone climbing up one. The mission had been a complete success, all target's had been eliminated and all objectives had been achieved. Pakistan had been one of there toughest jobs to date, two weeks sleeping ruff in caves in the sweltering heat had taken there toll, and she was glad to be back home with Max. 
She often thought about her missions on her long stroll's along Laguna beach, asking herself could she had done things different. Sammi was not like most 24 year old girls. To the outside world,the likes of the surfers and elderly neighbours she was just a friendly student. Sure she had a nice car, and a nice apartment in an expensive part of town, but she told any one who asked that her parents had bought them so she could study at Cali tech. But Sammi was no student, she was a wolf in sheep's clothing, a trained killer, an assassin skilled in the dark arts of espionage and stealth.
Originally a native of Tennessee, at the age of twelve she became an orphan when her parents were killed in a tragic road accident with no one to look after her she was taken in by the angels, and taken to california were the Angels nest was located deep in the Palomar mountain range. During the day she was just like any normal teenager attending the local school excelling at every thing she did. But after school she would attend the Angels academy learning different languages hand to hand combat and fire arms training it was here she met her best friend, Kimberley jones the two of them took the academy by storm, top of the class in all subjects and soon got the attention of colonel Alison Dearing the then leader of the Angel team who took the girls under her wing. Eventually the two girls graduated and under the watchful eye of Dearing rose rapidly through the rank's till sadly Dearing was betrayed and killed in action by the fallen Angel 'vixen'. Sammi and Kimberley were devastated, Dearing had been both like a sister and mother to the girls. They vowed revenge and eventually they managed to catch and kill 'the vixen'. This was the making of the two girls, kimberley became the youngest ever leader of the elite Angel team with Sammi her number two.
The Angel agency was created in 1954 by president Eisenhower who at the start of the cold war thought the C.I.A would benefit from extra help to combat the growing threat from communism. He wanted to create a highly trained team of female spies that could infiltrate deep behind the iron curtain. They were trained to be master's of manipulation and would target high ranking soviet offices using there seductive skill's to gain important intelligence. While the C.I.A became the public face of america's security, the angels became there most valuable asset. When the cold war finished the angels became more and more involved in actual conflicts serving in both iraq and Afghanistan. whenever there was a dirty job to do the Angels were called. 
Sammi and max got back home about mid-day just as the summer sun was starting to bake the beach. Little max hated the sun and would pant like crazy trying to keep cool, so she poured her special little guy a nice cold bowl of water then kicked off her sandals and jumped in the shower. The soothing cold water felt fantastic on her bare skin, showers were a luxury they didn't have in Pakistan. She had only been in for about ten minutes when the phone rang. 
"Hello" 
"Samantha it's Alexa! i need you to come to the nest immediately."
"Whats the problem Alexa? its my day off! you know that." 
"I'll explain when you get here, bring an over night bag and your passport!"
"Fuck!" 
'Alexa Young' even the name brought a look of distain from Sammi. Alexa had started in the academy at the same time as her and they were once friends, but she soon grew tired of her manipulative, and sly nature. While Sammi disliked Alexa, Kimberley hated her with a passion, and was not shy in telling her. They had once been on a mission together and Alexa fucked up causing Kimberley to be captured. She spent six months in a chinese jail cell because of Alexa's incompetence and it needled her that this woman was now in charge of the Angels intelligence.
Sammi sit's at the end of her bed in just her towel fuming about the phone call she had just received, she had only been home a day and now they wanted her to fly out again. Little Max is now looking at her with his head tilted to the side, as if he knows something is wrong. 
"Sorry buddy, mummies got to go away again!" She says playfully stroking her loyal four legged friend. "Time to get changed then" she sigh's.
Sammi pulls on a nice and tight, pair of black cotton panties and grabs a black lacy bra. Its her favourite, its makes her chest look about two sizes bigger than it actually is. Sammi like most angel agents has an athletic body built for speed. Tanned and smooth the young spy looks magnificent in her under-wear, she looks even better out of it. She then pulls on a tight dark blue pair of jeans and puts on a white tunic style blouse which buttons at the top. She then leans over to a drawer on her dresser, and pulls a pair of long grey socks out. There her 'lucky' socks from high school, and slowly pulls them on over her jeans finishing below her knee's. She has decided to wear comfortable boots for her trip and always wears long socks to stop any chaffing. She then slowly slips her feet into her boots, they are tight going on but once on, the soft leather makes them super comfy, there here favourite's. They look like riding boots but are a slightly looser fit and teamed with the skinny jeans and white blouse she looks like she is about to attend an equestrian event rather than a plane journey. She pulls her hair into a tight pony tail , applies a touch of make-up, and leaves for Paloma mountain. Although the journey to the nest is long, the roads leading to the mountain are beautiful and help to calm Sammi down before her meeting with Alexa.
She arrives at the nest at 2pm and heads straight to Alexa's office.
"Am here, now whats this about?"
"Take a seat Samantha we have much to discuss!"
"Very well..now what's this about?"
"This morning i had a two hour telephone conference with the German chancellor and the vice president about NATO's needs. The Chancellor has agreed to let us built an angels nest in germany. This state of the art facility will provide us with a European base of operations, allowing us to rapidly react to any problem, anywhere in the world. The Chancellor has asked for me to send my top agent over to help them get started, i have picked you!"
Sammi listens intently as Alexa goes through the finer details of what is expected of her in Germany. She feels proud that she had been selected for such an important assignment by her government. At the age of just 24 she was now going to be working with european leader's, instructing them on there security. Sammi leaves for the airport confused, Alexa had just picked her for one of the angels most important assignments ever. Maybe she wasn't that bad after all.
Sammi arrived at L.A.X international airport at 5pm to find her flight had been delayed. Bored, she tried to phone the girls to tell them were she was going, but it was no use they were probably hanging off some 1000ft cliff by now dressed in some ridiculous lycra number. The airport was heaving, a mass of sweaty bodies, dozens of flights had been disrupted and it was eventually 4am before Sammi took her business class seat and fell fast asleep exhausted. 

* * *
AIRPORT HOLD-UP

* * *
It was 1am local time, before Sammi finally picked up her baggage, her's being the last to arrive. The airport seemed strangely quiet and deserted as she made her way through custom's, thankfully avoiding any unwanted attention from the uniformed men looking the young american up and down. The last thing she wanted was question time with the german authority's, after a 12 hour flight all she wanted to do was get to her hotel, and have a nice soak in a hot bath. She had managed to sleep most of the way, only awakening to have a drink before the plane landed, but she still felt exhausted, her feet felt numb and leg's were heavy. The airport seemed to be a never ending series of corridor's as she struggled to find her way out, the long day had taken it's toll on the young spy. After about 10 minutes of searching, she finally found the way out, and headed down a long corridor marked exit, oblivious to the two stern looking women approaching her.
"Samantha Walsh i presume! follow me." 
"Who are you guy's, are you here to take me to my hotel?" inquires Sammi.
The two women look to be in there late fifties, early sixties. Both have short black hair and are dressed pretty much the same, white blouses black ties knee length black skirt and spike heeled boots.
"My name is Zelda Wilderstein i am head of national security and this is my assistant Helga, the Chancellor has requested i interview you before taking you to your hotel, now follow me miss Walsh!" 
Sammi follows the two women as they lead her down a set of stairs, her arms now aching from her bag's, her legs feel weary. Alexa hadn't mentioned any interview's, and it annoyed Sammi that she was having to go to a 1am shake down. 
"Ah, just in here miss Walsh!" sneers Zelda.
Sammi is escorted into what can only be described as a doctor's surgery. The two women relieve her of her bag's, and she is led past a sinister looking examination table fitted with stirrups. Toward's the back of the room is a man sitting behind a desk, he too is about 60 year's of age, balding head with protruding teeth and ginger beard. 
"Come here miss Walsh! take a seat, we have been expecting you! my name is doctor Stein."
Sammi slowly walk's to the awaiting seat and sits down in front of the man, who is dressed in a white over-coat. 
"What's this about? i am here at the your Chancellors request! i have had a long flight, my head is pounding and am feeling very tired can't this wait till the morning guy's?"
By now the two women had opened Sammi's bag's and had started to empty the content's on the floor. 
While Zelda and Helga search the bag's, the doctor begins to question the young agent, but Sammi's head is now spinning. She finds it hard to concentrate as the doctor continues to fire question after question. Sammi had put her tiredness down to jet lag but she had never had it this bad before, her mouth now felt numb and she had slumped in her chair.
"What seem's to be the matter my dear, are you feeling unwell?" says the doctor as he gets up off his seat and walks towards the dazed agent.
"I i i don't feel too good! could you get me a glass of water please!"
"Mmmmm yesss! that will be the drugs taking effect! Alexa told us you were a bit feisty so we took a few precautions! we had a little something slipped into your drink on the plane! and now my pretty you belong to us! ladies help miss Walsh out of her clothes."
It's at that point Sammi realizes she has been led into a trap and panic's, she run's for the door, but just falls on the floor and begins to crawl on her hands and knees.
"Alexa! you double crossing bitch." she mumbles to herself as she is dragged by her feet away from the door.
She tries to fight back, but she is as weak as a kitten and the two women quickly pin her to the floor. 
Sammi lie's there in silence, whatever they had drugged her with had now taken full effect and she was completely helpless as the two women began to strip her. Helga the larger of the women starts at Sammi's feet pulling at her boots till eventually they give a distinctive pop and are slowly slid off, her so called 'lucky sock's' drenched with the aroma of a long day encased in leather are next to be peeled away. For this job Helga uses her teeth, Sammi winces as Helga gently pulls at her damp stockings exposing her extremely sensitive feet. Although paralysed the drug still allows Sammi to feel both pleasure and pain and the two women take full advantage of the prone agent. Zelda starts to cut away her blouse while the doctor looks on, taunting her.
"They tell me your one of Americas top agents miss Walsh! you don't look so tough to me. In fact am amazed how easy it was to snare you. Now don't worry my pretty in about 10 minutes your paralysis will pass! however by that time you will be completely naked and strapped to that table." 
Sammi can only watch, as first her jeans then her lacy bra are cut away, exposing her pert 34c breasts. 
"Mmmm were going to have some fun with these tonight spy!" says Zelda as she circles the young woman's nipples with the blade. While Helga is now running her tongue over Sammi's toes, gently licking and caressing them, following the contours of her perfectly formed baby soft feet. This drives the agent wild, but still she lies there motionless, unable to move a muscle as they have there wicked way with her. Zelda continues to use the blade to intimidate her young victim running it up and down her toned torso taking great delight as the cold hard blade eventually gets a reaction from the helpless agent.
"Ooooh yar! i see my delicate touch has had an effect my dear! am i making you horny! miss Walsh?" 
Zeldas attention to Sammi's nipples with the cold steel had caused them to become erect and this excited the German woman. Were before she had used the blade on Sammi's body, gently running it up and down her torso, now she was using her tongue instead. Her striking blue eyes dart around the room in disgust as the two women old enough to be her grandmother, pull her panties off exposing her magnificent, neatly trimmed pussy for the first time.
"Mmmm, time to get you on the table!" sneer's Zelda. "Helga help me lift her!"
The two women scoop the hapless spy up and start to fasten her to the examination table. By now Sammi had began to regain the use of her fingers and toes but it was to little to late. Her legs are fitted into the stirrups and splayed far apart with extra straps fitted around the ankles, allowing very little movement, but excellent access to her most intimate parts. Her arms and wrist's are then secured using more straps holding the top half of her body, flat on her back in a crucifix position. Just as the final strap is buckled down she starts to regain the use of her limbs and voice again and pulls wildly against her restraint's but its no use, she is fastened tight.
"Wha, what do you sick fuck's want from me?" says Sammi still groggy. "You guys have made a terrible mistake here today mark my words, you freaks!"
"No! my dear it is you, who has made the mistake! Ladies gag her! i have no interest in what she has to say, at least not yet!" says the doctor as he moves menacingly between Sammi's thigh's and empties the content's of his briefcase style bag on the table. Helga then grabs agent Walsh's head pinning it to the table, while Zelda tries to prise open her beautiful mouth but Sammi resist's, and with good reason too. Zelda had produced a large dildo and had attached it to a strap and she planned to ram it down Sammi's throat.
"Mmmm i have been wearing this all day slut, now open up!" sneer's Zelda.
The two women continue to struggle with Sammi's clamped shut mouth, she thrashes about wildly on the table as they try to push the dirty putrid dildo down her throat. She looks on in terror and disgust as they rub it against her mouth, nose and cheeks. The dildo is still coated with Zelda's stale cunt juice's and the thought of it entering her mouth sickens her. This carries on for about 5 min's, before the doctor grows impatient, he knows time is of the essence. Each angel agent is fitted with a micro chip that allows them to be tracked by other agents in case of emergency, before they could take Sammi from the airport it had to be removed. While the two women concentrate trying to separate the young agents lips, the doctor takes an interest in another set of lips. Sammi suddenly gives out a gasp, her eyes bulge wide open and she stops struggling. 
"Now my dear, are you going to behave?" asks the doctor.
The American now has a look of desperation on her face as she peers down her sweating, panting body to see the doctors bald head between her thighs.
"Now open your fucking mouth!" he sneers. 
Sammis mouth slowly opens and her beautiful blue eyes well up as the two women force the dildo down her throat and secure it with the strap. 
"How does it taste, bitch? says Zelda as she starts to roll her tongue around the prone agents nipples. But Sammi is concentrating on what is happening at the doctors end of the table. The deviant doctor had slid a speculum into her tight pussy and spread it out, exposing her clitoris which he had now placed in the jaw's of a pair of needle nosed pliers, and was gently tugging and pulling as if he were the conductor of an evil orchestra. The two women continue using there tongues to explore Sammi's body while she gives out muffled gasps as the doctor begins to search her cavity's for the microchip, never releasing his hold on her delicate bud. Her feet flap around wildly as the doctor digs deeper and deeper searching for his prize till finally.
"Ahhhh there it is my pretty keep very still!"
Sammi gives out one final almighty scream from behind the disgusting gag as the doctor pulls out the chip from her aching pussy. He then drops it on the floor on stamps down hard.
"Now you belong to us, bitch! ladies sedate her and take her to Wolf castle for her interrogation!" 

* * *
THE TABLE OF TRUTH

* * *
Sammi awaken's to find herself in what look's like a castle's dungeon, trapped in the most fiendish device you could imagine. She is lying on her stomach, spread across a t-shaped table. Her neck has been placed through a small steel panel at the foot of the table and secured much like 'the stocks' lifting her chin about 6 inche's from the table top. Her wrists have been secured either end of a bar about four foot across, and hoisted high behind her back forcing her neck to sit uncomfortably in the stock and causing agonising pain in her shoulder blades. A thick leather belt has been fastened round the small of her back, securing her mid-rift to the table. She is now wearing a pair of black, sheer seemed stocking's and highly uncomfortable knee high, lace up ballerina bondage boots. Her ankles have been attached to leather cuff's which in turn are attached to pulleys that have pulled her legs into the splits position and as a final humiliating twist they had attached suction cups to her pert breasts. The rubber cup's pulsate furiously, breathing in and out! drawing the young spies milk from her helpless body! much like a milking station at a dairy. 
"Mmmm you look fantastic spy i just love what they have done with your breasts" Sammi recognised the voice straight away it was that german bitch from the airport! Zelda! "Now my little pet its time to start your interrogation"
The German had positioned herself at the business end of the table, were the American woman's more delicate part's were situated. Sammi was terrified! she could not see her tormenter due to the position she was being held in, she could only hear the distinctive clip clap of her stiletto's on the wooden floor of the disgusting dirty dungeon. Her mind raced thinking about what the woman had in store for her. The pulley's and cables had stretched her so tight, that the only reason any part of her body touched the table was because of the leather belt around her midriff. 
"I like your boots and your stocking's, very sexy indeed!" hisses the German, as she starts to run her finger nail up Sammi's stocking clad leg carefully following the seam at the back. "Mmm are you nervous spy?"
Sammi is terrified but remember's her training and keeps her composure as the Germans 'talon like' finger nail gently starts to circle her puckered little butt hole. Sammi winces as it then slowly start's to make it's way down to her genitalia.
"What do you want from me you freak! who hired you?"
The German ignore's Sammi's desperate attempt's to strike up conversation and continues to tickle and stroke her more sensitive areas using only her nail, being careful not to actually penetrate the American woman's, now parted lip's. Sammi concentrates hard, as her once tightly shut bum hole starts to relax, creating an inviting space for the intrusive manicured finger nail to enter, but it doesn't, it stays outside circling and stroking the soft sensitive skin between the helpless spies legs. Ten minutes pass and the dungeon has fell silent, the only noise coming from the pulley's as Sammi strain's and pull's at her restraints as zelda continues her attack. After about fifteen minutes the silence is broken when the American gives out a faint murmur.
"Oh fuck" she whisper's, barely able to control the volume or tone of her voice.
The pain has disappeared from her shoulder's and leg's and the cups sucking on her breasts, now feel relaxing! Sammi bites her lip trying to hide her emotions from her tormentor but Zelda can read her like a book and stoop's down till her large, hook shaped nose is an inch a way from the young agent's pussy, and start's to gently blow on it. This send's Sammi wild
"Oh fuck" she screams, thrashing wildly.
"Ooh you like it! don't you, spy?" 
The German's nose is now so close to Sammi's pussy that she can feel her hot breath on her erect clitoris. 
"Mmmm i can smell you!... Your sweet scent is emanating from your lip's, you dirty American slut." 
Sammi can't believe it! How could she be so close to making a sticky mess of that German bitches face, it didn't make sense how she could find this any way sexy, yet she was just one little lick away from a shuddering orgasm! 
"Shall i finish what i started my pretty?" 
Out of all the question's the spy will be asked this was the toughest! she had been single for six month's, and had not had a guy or an orgasm since! does she give into her female urges, or tell the old bitch to 'go fuck herself'. 
"Please no" she whimper's.
"As you wish" say's the German, her wrinkled face breaking into a devious smile.
Zelda then makes her way down to the bottom of the table to were Sammi's head is secured, grabbing a chair on the way. She places it in front of the now panting and sweating spy, and carries on walking, taking slow deliberate step's towards a table that is covered with a large sheet. This was the first time Sammi had seen her tormentor since the airport, and Zelda had dressed to impress. She was wearing pvc thigh length boots, and a white rubber catsuit with panel's cut away revealing her sagging breast's and grey pubed groin area. The german pulled away the sheet from the table and then sat in front of the hapless spy, slowly crossing her legs! she sits there silently watching her young victim trying to regain some of her dignity. 
"Don't feel so bad agent Walsh! there's not a woman alive who can resist my delicate touch! i have interrogated over a hundred of your friend's and colleagues, and i have made each one cum, and talk." 
Slowly Sammi's breathing starts to return to normal and the panting stops. 
"You didn't make me cum freak!"
"Yesss but the night is still young, and your pussy still wet!.... Now my dear were going to play a little game,i am going to ask you a series of simple question's, and if you answer them correctly i will make the table more comfortable for you! do you understand?"
By now the effects of Sammi's near orgasm had worn off and the exquisite, acute pain had returned to her body. Its at this point zelda reaches from her seat and pull's at the young girl's pony tail letting her sexy dark lock's fall freely on the side of her face. 
"Mmmm, you are beautiful spy! when i was first hired for this job the client sent me a picture of you! after i had finished masturbating over it, i could not believe how much you resembled the actress, Megan fox! It's uncanny, same height, same weight! its you isn't it? it's Megan!" laughed Zelda.
Sammi had heard this a thousand times and was ribbed constantly by the other girl's and it infuriated her!
"Yer it's Megan you dumb ugly hag, now let me off this table before my twin sister Sammi come's and kick's your wrinkly old butt."
The two women stare into each other's eye's Sammi's face contorted with rage and pain!
"I am afraid that is the wrong answer, my dear"
"What? you didn't ask me a question you stupid bitch!" 
Zelda get's from her chair and walk's over to the table. Her hand float's above the table briefly, till finally she find's what she is looking for. 
"Yes! this will do perfectly." She then turn's and walks back toward's Sammi,
But instead of returning to her chair she walks back to the business end of the table. Sammi's heart start's to race as her tormentor again, goes out of sight.
"Now my dear you are going to find out what happen's when you answer a question incorrectly"
"Wait! wait! you did not ask me a question you sick fuck." Screams the distressed agent,
It's at this point Sammi's day goes from bad to worse! The German kneel's down and forces a speculum into the spies tight little pussy! she cries out as Zelda adjust's it exposing her clitoris.
"Bitch, you fucking old ugly hag! when i get off this table am going to kill you slowly! do you hear me droopy tit's?" 
That is when Zelda's attitude changes! until then she had been calmness personified but Sammi's taunt's enrage her and she storm's back to the table were she had found the speculum and grab's what look's like a soldering iron! she then marches over to Sammi kicking the chair across the dungeon floor and viciously grab's the American's hair and yanking it to one side.
"You stupid American slut do you think this is some type of game? did you think i was going to spend all night tickling and licking you into submission? you are a captured enemy agent and i am a trained interrogator you will tell me what i want to know!"
The German then show's Sammi the tool she has just retrieved from the table 
"We call this the wand" she sneer's as she throw's Sammi's head back! 
Zelda then marches back over to the chair and carries it down to the business end of the table. Sammi panic's and strains against her bond's, as Zelda places the chair directly in front of her spread out pussy and takes a seat. Once again, she can feel Zelda's hot breath on her exposed clitoris. Sammi is terrified and keeps perfectly still, only her eye's move, etched in terror not knowing what was coming next, She had been trained to resist torture but nothing could have prepared her for this. The dungeon had fallen almost silent, again the only noise coming from the pulley's holding her weight. About five minute's pass with Sammi lying there motionless, when as before zelda start's to run her nails along agent Walshes stocking clad thigh's! she let's out a groan as the nails follow the contour's of her long athletic legs and the pulley's squeak as they strain against the ankle strap's.
"Yesss, relax my pretty i am going to give you your chance to cum!"
Sammi can't believe what is happening to her! this morning she was one of the world's top spies,second in command of the fabled Angel team, now she has been reduced to a dungeon play-thing. The German start's to gently run her nails toward's Sammi spread out pussy but this time gently start's to tickle her exposed clit. She spend's the best part of an hour skillfully making the young american squirm and groan, her taut body now covered in sweat! each sensual stroke from zelda's long manicured nail's send's Sammi ever closer to a hot sticky climax. Her eyes flicker wildly, half shut as if she were dreaming! mouth wide open! panting like a dog as her clitoris becomes more and more erect and super sensitive! 
"Ooh yar! you like that don't you slut? would you like me to finish you off?" 
This time Sammi didn't even have to think about it! that German bitch had kept her simmering for an hour and she needed to cum. 
"Yes! yes! fuck yes oh god please do it finish me off" she howl's. 
"I have but one question my pet before i let you cum! what is your sixteen digit access code for the Angel's main frame computer?"
"Wha, wha what? i i i cant!" stutter's Sammi taken aback.
"I am afraid once again you have answered one of my questions incorrectly! now i must punish you!" It is then, when the tickling stop's and the pain begin's. Without warning the red hot tip of the soldering iron is placed on the erect clit of the trapped spy.
"Mmm i can smell fish cooking" she sneer's as Sammi's body contorts in pain, her back arches wildly, her eyes bulge in shock as she screams but doesn't make a sound! the soldering iron was only in contact with Sammi for a few seconds but it has left a big impression on the young American agent!
"I will ask you again! try to answer correctly! what is your sixteen digit access code for the Angel's main frame computer?"
"No no please i can't aaaaaarghhhhh pleeeease no"
"I can keep this up all night miss Walsh! can you?
For six long hour's the sadistic German continued to repeat the same question over and over, placing 'the wand' as she called it! on different part's of Sammi's exhausted body, every time she refused to talk! By the time morning came, the American was all but broke! she was a mess, her stocking's were ripped and laddered were the wand had been run up her leg's and the suction cup's had been removed so zelda could abuse her breast's. The only part's of Sammi's body which had not been touched were her boot clad lower leg's and her beautiful tear stained face.
"You have been a worthy opponent lieutenant Sammi Walsh but i know you want to tell me your code so i have invited a guest to our little party" she whisper's into the fallen angel's ear while gently licking it. 
She then proceed's to gently stroke Sammi's matted, sweat drenched hair, pushing it carefully away from her face. It's at this point the door to the dungeon creaks open and a third party enter's the room! the door is situated behind Sammi so she can not see who enter's or leaves, but she is too tired, and in to much agony to care! or so she thought!! 
"Tell me agent Walsh have you ever heard of female circumcision?"
It was the doctor from the airport! Zelda again gently start's to whisper into Sammi's ear. 
" This is the end game my dear your last chance! if you answer my next question incorrectly the doctor is going to first remove your labia then he is slowly going to take your clit, and the last ever sexual pleasure you will ever have known was from me! "Now what is your access code! bitch."

* * *
THE AMERICAN GIMP

* * *
"Zelda I trust you got Walsh to talk?" 
"Eventually! her resilience was remarkable, no agent has ever lasted that long on the table of truth! what would you like me to do with her now?"
"She is to be kept alive! i intend to use her as bait for Jones, i am quite sure you could find a few uses for her at wolf-castle in the meantime"
"Mmmm yesss i do have a few thing's planned for her! when will i hear from you again?"
"I will fly in next week, maybe Wednesday! and i want you to design something special for Jones! i want that bitch to suffer."
Sammi awaken's to find herself shackled hand and foot, locked in a prison cell! she was naked apart from a thick leather collar wrapped around her neck, which had a box connected to it. It was a shock collar! Sammi still felt groggy from the sedative they had given her, and her arms were painfully secured behind her back, but at least she was still in one piece. She had been interrogated many times before, but never as cruelly as that! These people were pro's, but who had hired them? They had obviously bought Alexa, and she was head of the angels intelligence! who else had they bought? During the interrogation, she was forced to give up her angel access code. This on it's own was useless, however should they obtain a similar ranked agent's access code, the two could be combined. This would allow them to track down every agent on the planet! Sammi start's to survey her surrounding's, her body is still wracked with pain after her ordeal and she struggles to move round. Her cell is pretty basic with a small bed and toilet It also has a tiny window over looking the black forest. If she was going to get out of this place, it was going to take time! and time was what she didn't have! 
"Were is she now?"
"She's in one of the holding cell's upstairs'!" 
"Do you really think it is wise to keep her alive? We have got the information we require from her, we should dispose of her."
"The client has requested we keep her alive, doctor! so that is what we will do since she is paying us a lot of money to do as she says!"
"Your playing with fire keeping an Angel agent here Zelda. If she escape's her restraint's she is more than capable of killing every last one of us."
"We'll i'll just have to make sure i keep her on a tight leash then won't i?"
Sammi had been in her cell for about an hour when in the distance she hears the clip clapping of stiletto's approaching, finally stopping outside the cell door. She listened as a multitude of lock's are slid open and the thick steel door swing's open. 
"How's my little gimp?" It was Zelda, she was clutching clothing for Sammi to wear and throws them on the bed. "Get changed!"
"Go fuck yourself! i would rather stay naked than wear that."
"Very well, we do this the hard way!"
Zelda then produces a remote control device and point's it at the naked American. 
"Aaarrrggghhh!" screams Sammi as the shock collar is activated, she fall's to the floor and the room goes black. She finally comes round to find she is now wearing a pvc catsuit, ballerina boot's and a bondage mask, her hair pulled through at the top into a tight pony tail! The mask was cut around the eyes and mouth to give her a feline appearance, and her arm's had been pulled behind her back, and fitted into a single sleeve glove that pulled her arm's painfully together at the elbow's and secured with a strap that fit's under her exposed breast's at the front. Sammi's leg's are no longer shackled, but with these boot's on, running was out of the question. She had been taken to a large hall and she was in the middle of what looked like a debauched fetish party! scores of masked middle aged men and women either having sex or performing sex act's on one another. Sammi soon becomes the centre of attention as she try's to get to her feet. People stare and laugh at the young agent as she tries to stand but resembles Bambi on ice as she struggles to come to term's with her footwear. Amongst the crowd she spot's Zelda sitting down on a long couch! she too is dressed head to toe in rubber and is sat with five friend's all dressed similar. 
"Come here miss Walsh, i want to show you off!" she shout's beckoning the confused agent with the collar's remote control. Reluctantly she hobbles over and stand's in front of Zelda and her friend's 
"Whats your name my dear?" ask's a rubber and leather clad man sitting beside Zelda. 
"My name is lieutenant Sammi Walsh i am an American intelligence agent who is being illegally detained at this castle."
The couch erupt's with hysterical laughter, unbelievable they think she is role playing. 
"Ha ha, well lieutenant Walsh! there is something i would like you to suck" says the man.
Sammi looks at Zelda in horror "Aaarghhh" she screams as she falls to her knee's.
"You heard the man lieutenant Walsh get sucking or you get zapped." says Zelda 
By now he had risen from the couch and taken his limp penis from his leather trouser's. The man spoke broken english, and like Zelda was german. He was about sixty years in age severely overweight and had his silver hair swept into a pony tail, and was now standing in front of pvc clad Sammi. 
"Well! it ain't going to suck itself, is it?, start sucking slave or feel the pain!" snarls Zelda
The young american has no choice, if she was going to get out of this she had to be conscious. She wasn't going anywhere while out cold, 'gain there trust, and a chance will present itself'' she thinks to herself, it was something always taught to her as a cadet. Sammi lean's forward and start's to slowly lick the tip of the rapidly hardening penis rolling her tongue round it, never taking her sexy blue eyes of his contorted wrinkly face, Zelda and the rest of the couch stare open mouthed as she expertly start's to suck and continues to tickle his shaft with her tongue. He only last a couple of seconds before Sammi makes him crumble. His leg's buckle and he screams as he falls back on to the couch, leaving a salty deposit in her mouth. He had lasted for all of forty second's. 
"Now swallow it!" demand's Zelda. Although this disgusted her, she does as zelda say's. This was what she was trained to do, men were her specialty. Angel agent's were taught how to manipulate and twist men round there little finger's, and sex was a weapon they used. 
"Come, lie across us lieutenant Walsh!" one of them drools. It's then when a plan spring's into the American's head! 
"Yes mistress"
"Ooooh very obedient! you have trained her well Zelda"
The German then flashes Sammi an icy stare and start's to slowly stroke the remote control letting her know she is watching her! 
"Well, who want's to play with my feet? and who want's to play with my tit's?"
It's at that point Zelda pulls the american down on to the couch "I'll take this end" says Zelda.
Sammi is stretched the full length of the couch her head resting on Zeldas lap! her feet and leg's rest on a french couple's lap and she starts moaning and groaning as they take advantage of her pvc clad body.
"I don't know what you are up to slut, but if you embarrass me in my own home in front of my friend's i promise you! i will strap you back on to that table, and let the doctor loose on you."
Sammi's plan lay in the hand's of a seventy year old rubber clad french woman! while the other people sat on the couch were using there hand's to stroke the young american's thigh's and groin area! the woman was slowly pulling and tugging at the laces of her boot's, if she could just get them off she could make a run for it! The hall was full of sixty and seventy year old's if she got her feet free there was no way she would be caught! Sammi continues to squirm and moan as her boots become more and more loose! it's at that time Zelda becomes distracted with a fellow guest! This is Sammi's only chance! she wriggles her feet wildly! getting the attention of the french woman, who lean's forward to see what the American want's. 
"Take them off!" she mouths. Just a few more tug's and they would be free! she wriggles her feet again trying to hurry her up. 
"What are you up to Walsh? why are you so quiet?" Zelda inquires.
She had finished talking, and now Sammi was the centre of her attention once again. As she start's stroking her face, Sammi gives out a gasp! then another! as her boot's are finally pulled off her feet. Then quick as a flash Sammi spring's up! Zelda is startled, an quickly reaches for the remote but all she get's is a face full of Sammi's size six. The blow shatter's the German's nose and her head recoils back as the controller for the collar fly's out of her hand and land's in front of Sammi who quickly stamps on it, smashing it to pieces, then plant's another roundhouse on Zelda's jaw knocking her out! 
"Not so tuff now are you bitch?"
The guest's look on in horror and move toward's Sammi. Her arm's were still in the bondage glove rendering them useless, she would have to kick her way out of the hall. The music had stopped and she was now surrounded by about sixty of Zelda's friend's all of them wanted her head on a stick. A large man then charges at her but she manages to evade his clumsy lunge and kick's him in the groin! another attacks from the side but he is no match for Sammi's lightening reflexes and he receives a roundhouse to the face. Sammi backs up from the baying mob, but is grabbed from behind by the french woman, who had been stupid enough to remove her boots. She grabs Sammi painfully by her breast's and hold's tight. 
"Aaaarrrgghhh" screams the American, while throwing her head back into the woman's face. Sammi wriggles free, and jump's over the couch were she had been laying, but the man she had pleasured so expertly before, reaches out and grab's at her foot causing her to trip and fall, she tries to get to her feet quickly, but is set upon by four of the male guest's, without the use of her hands she is quickly over-powered and is pinned to the floor. She kick's out wildly but they catch her leg's and hold them while one of the women place's a spare set of cuff's on her ankles and then tie's her knee's. Once again, she is helpless, and is dragged from the party by her hair. Eventually, Zelda comes round from the beating and demand's to see Walsh. 
"Oh your going to pay for that my dear! mark my word's! Sedate this bitch, and put her back on the table of truth."
Sammi awaken's again with her limb's in agony, she is back on the dreaded table. And as before, she is held fast by the pulley's, barely able to twitch a muscle in defence. Her mouth has been crammed with a giant red ball gag, and fastened tightly around her head, causing her jaw to ache. She is still wearing the catsuit and rubber mask from the party but her feet are now bare. Half an hour had passed when the door to the dungeon slowly creaks open. Sammi listen's intently as someone enter's and walk's slowly behind her. She winces as a blade starts to cut into her latex suit exposing her genitalia and she starts to gives out a muffled cry for help. But this time her mouth, will not be able to save her from her tormentor. 
"Now! miss walsh were was i? oh yes female circumcision!"
The doctor had arrived...





Printed: 22-Dec-2010, 21:32
Report generated with yWriter5 � 2010 Spacejock Software













&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE FALLEN ANGEL PART 2
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WHERE'S SAMMI 


* * *


The girls eventually reach the summit at 4pm, the climb had been tough yet enjoyable. They sit there in silence taking in the beauty of their surroundings, the view was simply breath taking, you could see for miles in all directions. Cliff climbing was Kimberley's passion, she loved the danger of it. Hanging from a cliff by your finger nails seemed to excite the young spy. She had actually enjoyed Pakistan for this very reason, where Sammi preferred the more technical missions that required stealth and cunning, Kimberley preferred the all action type, as far as she was concerned Pakistan had been like an adventure holiday, guns cliffs and bad guys what wasn't there to like? And she had found a kindred spirit in Cassy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Young Cassy Clark was fresh out of the Academy just 19 years old, she had graduated with honours. Kimberley had watched her progress much the same way Colonel Dearing had taken an interest in her and Sammi when they were Cadets. Devastatingly Beautiful even by the Angels standards, with her long dark hair and perfectly formed features, she could pass for being of oriental descent, were it not for her full pouting lips and striking blue eyes barely visible beneath her full fringe. Although she didn't share Kimberleys passion for climbing, she had agreed to go along, mainly to top up her tan, opting to wear a miniscule pair of denim shorts, and a barely there bikini top, much to the annoyance of Kimberley who accused her of not taking things seriously. A charge you would find hard to defend, as she sat there chewing gum and applying sun tan lotion with a bored expression on her face.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi's and Cassy's beauty was only surpassed by the Colonel herself, like Sammi she was 24 years of age but had racked up an impressive one hundred missions to date. They say appearances can be deceptive and in Colonel Kimberley Jones's case, there had never been a more true word said. Standing 5ft 9 inches tall, with long, flowing blond hair finishing half way down her back, full pouting lips and smoky blue eyes, that were capped off by thick dark eye brows, she looked of scandinavian descent, however this could not be further from the truth. Her mother was a Russian spy who defected to the west in the early eighties, her father a Brazilian National who had moved to America to escape poverty in Rio de janeiro. Like Sammi's parents, they too were killed in a tragic accident. In fact all of the Angels in the Nest were orphan's with hard luck stories, it seemed to bond them together. Unlike Sammi who hailed from Tennessee and Cassy from Texas, kimberley was a Californian girl through and through. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After about 10 minutes of sitting there in silence kimberley rose to her feet and began to stretch her limbs for the descent. Kimberley, ever the professional, was dressed in a black, one piece lycra body suit that finished just below her knees. Unlike Cassy, she had decided to tie her hair up for the climb and her blond pony tail had darkened where it had come into contact with her sweat soaked body suit, as the Californian sun beat down on the two girls. Cassy avoided this problem by hardly wearing any clothes, hoping that they might bump into some hot guys along the way that she could impress. However Cassy's lack of clothes was starting to create its own problems, being that the insect population seemed to have a taste for her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oooww.. Oh fuck, you little bastards!" She screams, jumping up suddenly. "The little fuckers are trying to eat me alive!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Cassy your an idiot, i told you to dress properly! We're on a 6 hour climb in the mid-day sun and you decide to wear as little as possible, on the off chance we might bump into some guys you can impress! We're up a fucking mountain for christ's sake! Who did you think you were going to see? Tom Cruise, shooting mission impossible 4! Or maybe Brad Pitt taking a leisurely stroll with the kids! Those shorts are ridiculous! Mark my words your going to be sorry you wore them on the way down, now get your shit together for the descent, remember we're meeting Sammi at 7 for a drink!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fuck..Am already sorry i wore them!" Replies Cassy in her Texan drawl, slightly miffed at how she had just been berated at by Kimberley.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two girls began their descent , although they could abseil most of the way they would have to climb down the final two hundred feet due to their ropes not being the required length. This was nothing for an experienced climber like Kimberley, but Cassy struggled, and Kimberley's prediction about the shorts came true. The two girls are about 100ft from the bottom, perched on a precarious cliff ledge When Cassy starts fidgeting about shaking her leg, looking down anxiously towards her feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh fuck!" She mutters, clearly distressed. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Whats the matter now Cassy? Ants in your pants maybe?" Inquires Kimberley barely able to contain her laughter. She is below and can see exactly what has happened. Cassys out-stretched right foot had disturbed an Ants nest, but not just any Ants, they were Fire Ants! And they had started to snake their way up Cassys long sculptured leg and into her extremely short, shorts. She bites her lip, helpless as they began to look for any orifices they might enter. Unable to brush them away for fear of losing her grip on the tiny ledge she was trapped on, clinging to the rock face like a star fish clings to a coral reef.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What do i do? Quick, help me, they're everywhere!" What do i do?" Screams Cassy, starting to panic.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Look, hold on! I will climb up and help you." Sniggers Kimberley. "Whatever you do, don't agitate them! Or they will start biting!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By now Kimberley was in hysterics. She is just about holding onto the cliff face herself, she is laughing so hard, as she watches her friend wriggling about helpless as the Ants march on. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley climbs up till she is level with her distressed friend, then slowly and carefully climbs across and over, till she is directly behind. After a brief pause kimberley locks her arms around Cassys toned torso and leans back letting Cassy take her weight.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wha... What are you doing? Quit fucking about, we're going to fall! Get these things off me!" Screams Cassy, as she strains at having to hold Kimberley's weight.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Trust me i'll have those Ants of you in about 10 seconds!" With that Kimberley kicks off the cliff face, pulling Cassy with her. Cassy screams as she heads for what seems like certain death. The two girls fall through bushes and branches that were protruding from the cliff face and its only when they are clear of these does Cassy realize what Kimberley's plan was. The two girls are heading head first into a large lake that was previously hidden from Cassy's view. With only seconds to spare the two girls straighten their bodies and splash down into the cool water, and when Cassy surfaces she is not to pleased!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You fucking crazy bitch! You nearly got me killed!" She screams.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, you nearly got yourself killed by dressing improperly. I have told you a thousand times the right kit, for the right job!...Now get your ass out of the water and lose the attitude, Private! We've got a long walk ahead of us!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two girls start trudging off towards where their car was parked. The atmosphere was frosty at first, but after a couple of miles, the girls are chatting as if nothing had happened. They eventually arrive back at the car just after 6pm to find it had been broken into. Their phones, ipods and money had all gone, but most annoyingly of all, the car was unable to drive due to the tyres being slashed. Their long walk had now turned into a massive hike, without a phone to call for help they would have to walk back to civilisation and that was 30 miles away.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It's 1am before they get home exhausted, the 3 girls all live in the same apartment complex and they knock on Sammi's door out of courtesy, to explain why they had not turned up for their drink. But the only response they got was from max's barking. The lights were off and the door locked, Sammi must be asleep or still out, or a least that's what they thought.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; " Come on we'll call round tomorrow to explain what happened, i need my bed!" Sighs Kimberley.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Next morning the girls again try knocking on Sammi's door but again they get no reply. They try phoning her cell phone but its turned off, where the hell was she? It was unlike her to ever turn her phone off, and it was very unusual for her to spend the night out without telling anyone where she was staying. But the two girls conclude Sammi must have left messages on their stolen phones, and go about their day as normal. First grabbing some breakfast, then doing a bit of shopping. Its tea-time before they get back, and again knock on her door and try her cell phone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sammi! Sammi!... Are you there? It's Kimberley open the door!" She shouts through the slightly open window. But the only sound she can hear is Max, barking and scratching. Its at this point the girls decide to let themselves in. They all had spare key's to one another's apartments and although this was not common practise, Kimberley was now getting worried about her friend. The door creaks open and Max comes running over to them while they start searching for clues to where Sammi had gone. The apartment is empty and they notice her passports and luggage are missing, the girls are then startled from a voice behind.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "If your looking for Sammi, she said she will be back in a week! She has gone to Europe with the university to study. Am taking care of little Max for her till she get's back!" It was Miss Lewis, Sammi's elderly neighbour and this could mean only one thing! Sammi was on a mission! 




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *


THE STINGER 


* * *


Sammi lay there helpless as the deviant Doctor began to circle her. Her legs stretched to breaking point, her shoulders close to being dislocated. The only thing that had saved her from the Doctor last time was now crammed with a gigantic ball gag, she would not be able to talk her way out of this one. The pulleys and cables holding her, squeak and strain as she pull's wildly at them, but it's no use, the table once again has her in it's cruel grasp.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Doctor shuffles round to Sammi's head and begins to torment his young victim, running the blunt side of his blade down her latex clad face. Sammi is terrified, she has been in a few tricky situations before, but never as bad as this. During her first stint on the table she always had the bargaining chip of her access code, but now she was completely at the mercy of this mad man. His face is twisted with an evil grin as her eyes follow the blade, till he and the blade once again go out of sight to the business end of the table. The Doctor then began to poke and probe at her exposed vulva with his instruments. Her toes curl as she lay there sobbing , while the Doctor explains the finer details of female circumcision, and how it was considered an honour in African villages for young females to receive it. She tries to plead with him, but it's no use! The only sound that escapes the gag is her muffled cries, as the doctor pins her aching pussy open ready for the procedure.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Brace yourself slut this may sting slightly!".....Sneers the Doctor as he once again places her clitoris between the jaws of his needle nosed pliers, gently stretching it out, ready for removal.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi gives out an almighty scream from behind her gag as she feels a pain like never before. She shakes violently, unable to break herself free from her infernal restraints, as the searing pain shoots up her body from her pussy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha, ha, you didn't really think i was going to remove the most sensitive part of your body did you Agent Walsh?....Why would i cut parts off when i can have far more fun abusing them!.....Don't worry my child, you shall keep your clitoris!.....For now!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sadistic Doctor had pierced her delicate bud with a long needle. Although the pain was immense, the relief was huge. She had been resigned to the fact that her sex life was going to be ended by that German bastards cold blade. She winces as he fits a large ring through the hole he had just created and closes it over making it impossible to remove without bolt cutters. The Doctor then fits a chain to the ring and with that, Sammi's clit was the property of who ever had hold of the other end of the chain.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm!....Yessss! That should make you think twice about being naughty!....You made a terrible mess of poor Zelda's nose didn't you spy! Our little session today is about making sure you don't misbehave again. Now lets see what we can do with those perky nipples of yours!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Doctor then makes his way up to Sammi's bare breasts. Due to the way her neck and arms were being secured only her nipples touched the cold hard table, and they had become erect. This made the Doctors next task easier and again, he produced a long needle. This time he moves to the front of the table where her head is located, and lets Sammi see exactly what he was going to use to abuse her. Tears of anger and frustration stream down the young Agents face. In normal circumstances the balding old man would not stand a chance of defeating her, but the table of truth had tipped the balance into the Doctors favour. Without the use of her arms and legs, Sammi was just a sexy piece of fuck meat.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi lays there whimpering as the Doctor cups her pert right breast and slowly forces the long needle through her erect nipple. After two days at Wolf-castle the young Agent was a broken woman. The fight had been drained from her, and she barely made a sound as the Doctor repeated the process on her left nipple. As with her clitoris, large rings are forced through the holes and secured to lengths of chain.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now my dear, i have done your clit and nips! Now its time to introduce you to the Stinger!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Doctor walks over to the table in front of sammi, and picks up what looks like a chrome dildo. About 8 inches in length it looked of a smooth finish, other than it had spring loaded barbs on it. These would not interfere while going into a vagina, however trying to take it out would prove most difficult indeed. The Doctor walks back towards the business end of the table and Sammi's eyes shut, as the Stinger is slowly slid up her. She had heard about these devices in Angel school, she thought they were urban legends used to scare young Cadets, she now knew she was wrong!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Stinger is pushed deep inside Sammi, she tries to resist and tense up but it's no use. Her vaginal muscles are to weak to resist the smooth cylinder object being forced up her. She gives out a groan as the Stinger disappears as her lips slowly closed behind it, swallowing it up as if it were a hearty meal, but this was one meal guaranteed to give her indigestion. The only evidence that she is fitted with the Stinger is a small length of wire hanging out, as if she was wearing the tampon from hell. This was the devices aerial, it allowed you to control your subject from up to several hundred metres away. The Stinger worked on the same principal as the shock collar, except due to it's backward facing barbs, it was impossible to remove without surgery.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I think it's only fair i tell you a few details about the device i have just fitted you with, we wouldn't want you doing anything stupid now would we Miss Walsh?....Each room in Wolf-castle is fitted with a surveillance camera and intercom system, and as long as you do what the voice on the speaker tells you to do, you will not discover just how painful 240 volts deep in your pussy can be. If you try to remove it, we will activate it!.....If you try to tamper with it, we will activate it!..... And if you are foolish enough to try and escape, we will turn it on, and leave it on, till you are a gibbering mess! Do you understand? For you my dear, are now our slave!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With that, the Doctor presses down on a lever and Sammi gives out a gasp as the pulleys on the table release her from its grip. He then removes the bar securing her wrists and unstraps her ankle and mid-rift restraints. Sammi's limbs are now finally free, she sits up and removes the ball gag, then peels of her mask and stares down at her aching pvc clad body, surveying the damage the Doctor had done to it. Her nipples and clit were in agony, and she sits there in silence, as she comes to terms with what had just happened to her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "From this day forward you will answer to the name slave! You will do exactly as we say, when we say it! And you response will always be either yes master or yes mistress. Do you understand?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes master." Whimpers Sammi her head bowed in total shame, clearly traumatised by her horrendous ordeal. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yesss, good! There maybe hope for you yet slave. I want you to go upstairs to the room i have prepared for you and rest! Because tomorrow you begin your training! And i warn you only once, slave! If you dare attack me like you did Zelda, i will strap you back on that table your so fond of, and cut every last bit of womanhood away from you!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi jumps off the table and limps towards the dungeon door. Her body wracked in agony, she eventually gets back to her prison cell and curls up on the bed and breaks down crying. Two days of drugs and humiliation had taken it's toll on the young spy and she had never felt so alone. Normally she could count on her fellow Angels coming to her rescue, but with alexa's treachery there was a good chance her friends would be joining her as Dungeon play-things. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *


THE TRAP 


* * *


"Hey Kimberley any news from Sammi yet? I tried her phone again its still turned off!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No! It's been nearly a week now and am getting worried, am going to see that ginger troll Alexa, and see where the fuck she has sent her! Cassy i want you to check the Airports, to see where she flew to, i have got a bad feeling about this!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls split up, Cassy checks the Airports while Kimberley heads to the Nest to confront Alexa. This was the first time she had been at the Nest since before Pakistan and she wasn't in the mood for any nonsense from Alexa.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley arrives at the Nest shortly after 4pm and after passing through security is greeted like a returning hero. Even though she is Colonel of the base, she is well loved and respected by all of the Angels with just one exception.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Alexa young hated Kimberley and everything she stood for. Even when they were Cadets the two girls would clash, regularly ending up rolling around the floor pulling each others hair and scratching. All their Combat training used to go out the window resulting in a good old fashioned cat fight. Alexa's hatred for Kimberley was so intense that some people suggested that she intentionally screwed up in China to get her caught. Alexa is in her office when Kimberley burst's in demanding answer's.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Where the fuck is Sammi? It's been a week now and she has not been in touch. I know you sent her on a mission so don't bull shit me Alexa!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Look sit down Kimberley! I'm not talking to you when you're stood over me screaming!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well, but this had better be good! I'm the Colonel of this base, any missions should have gone through me!" Kimberley then takes a seat in front of Alexa and listens intently.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Look i tried to phone you on three occasions, your phone was turned off! I tried phoning Cassy but her's was off too! I even tried phoning your apartments but could not get an answer, the only one i could get hold of was Sammi!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You still have not answered my question! Where the fuck is Sammi?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "She's in Germany! I spoke with her this morning, she said she had tried getting in touch with you, but your phone was turned off!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Why is her phone off? Sammi never turns her phone off!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "She is working deep cover at Via-com communication's! While sifting through the intel you retrieved from Pakistan, we noticed that the terrorist were receiving funds from this German company, so we sent her there to investigate!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well get me two more plane tickets, because me and Cassy are going there too!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "They're all ready waiting for you! Pick them up at the desk on your way out. You fly out tomorrow at 8am, you will be met by the German head of security on your arrival! Good luck Colonel!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley leaves Alexa's office satisfied with her explanation, and heads down to the desk to pick up her tickets, where she finds Cassy is already waiting for her. She is surrounded by her friends from the Academy, and is holding court blabbing about all the 'cool missions' she was getting to go on while working with the Colonel and Sammi. This was strictly against protocol and Cassy is oblivious to Kimberley walking up behind her. It's only when the blue spandex clad Angels stand to attention and salute, does she turn around to find Kimberley standing behind her with a raised eyebrow.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I certainly hope you were not discussing our mission's Miss Clark! We have strict rules on that!" Says Kimberley, her eyebrow raising even further.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Er.....I.....was ere.... Just telling them how cool it was, working with you and Sammi!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Cut the shit Clark! We're going to Germany!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls leave the Nest and head back home to get ready for their mission. Like Sammi they were both fluent in German, and would fit right into any environment without creating any suspicions. Under cover work was more Sammi's speciality. Kimberley and Cassy much preferred to punch and kick secrets out of people, but a more delicate touch is needed when working in fellow Nato countries.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They arrive at the airport on time, casually dressed. Kimberley didn't give a fuck that she was meeting the German head of security on arrival. It was 90 degrees and she wanted to be comfortable for the long flight, so she wore shorts, t-shirt and flip- flops, with Cassy dressed much the same. They check in, and take a seat in the airport lounge and wait for their flight. Cassy spends her time flicking through magazines and flirting with the college football team that were sat nearby. While Kimberley sit's there brooding that her rest time had been cut short, because the German's could not look after their own security. The two girls are totally unaware, that they were flying into a trap.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hello Alexa! I trust this is a secure line?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course Madam Zelda! You are dealing with a professional here!....I am phoning to tell you the plan has worked like a dream. Organizing for their phones to be stolen was a master stroke. Jones totally bought my story and is on a plane to Germany as we speak! I have told her you will pick her up at the airport."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Excellent work Alexa! My client will be most pleased! Will she be alone?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, she will be with Cassy Clark! Don't worry, she is only a runt fresh out of the Academy! Her security clearance is pathetic."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm interesting!.....When can i expect your arrival at Wolf-Castle my dear?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I will be there tomorrow! I want to walk in just as you break that bitch!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What time does Jones's flight land?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "They will arrive at 5am local time, very tired and very sticky!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Excellent! We will let them spend the day at Viacom, then take them to Wolf-Castle!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls pick their bags up from the carousel and head towards the exit. It had been a long flight and they just wanted to get to their hotel rooms and relax. "While Cassy went out like a light on the plane, Kimberley had struggled to sleep, certain things bugged her about this mission and they were playing on her mind. However if she would have taken Cassy's approach to plane flight and drank as much vodka and coke as she could pour down her neck, sleep would not have been a problem for her either. The two girls look a bit worse for wear after their long journey, and hide their faces behind massive sun-glasses, as they walk down the corridor marked exit. In the distance they notice two women dressed in black making a bee line towards them, it was Zelda and Helga.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hello ladies! My name is Zelda Wilderstein, and this is my assistant Helga Oleg! We're here to run through your mission with you, and take you to Viacom, we have arranged two secretary positions for you to fill there!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well Miss Wilderstein! This is my assistant Cassy Clark and unlike you and your team she can actually do her job! We're not going anywhere near Viacom, till we have been checked into our hotels rooms, showered and changed." Retorts Kimberley clearly agitated.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well!....Follow me then Miss Jones!" Sneers Zelda barely able to conceal her anger at how she had just been dismissed by Kimberley.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The four women walk out of the airport in silence, and head towards Zelda's people carrier. Cassy is nearly doubled over trying to suppress her amusement, at how Kimberley had just pissed off Germany's head of security. Kimberley was no respecter of titles, only deeds. And in her eyes Zelda had not been doing her job very well. They eventually arrive at their hotel at 7am, giving them well over an hour to get showered and changed, before they were to be taken to Viacom. Zelda had gave them some paperwork to study, detailing what to wear and how to act, and most importantly where they might find valuable information. This of course was a ruse, a wild Goose chase, designed to get the girls to a certain place at a certain time. That place was Wolf-Castle, and the time was 6pm.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls emerge from their rooms dressed to kill, they both had their hair down, and had gone for the slutty secretary look, complete with thick rimmed spectacles. Cassy was sporting a pair of black 6 inch Christian Loubourtin heels, while Kimberley had poured her long legs into a pair of stiletto healed, over the knee boots. Their short skirts barely cover the top's of their hold up stocking's, allowing a tantalising glimpse of bronzed flesh as they walk down the step's of the hotel lobby to their awaiting car.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They arrive at Viacom at 9am, and are immediately put to work in the office, proving most distracting for the male employees. Kimberley had decided to wear a tight fitting, v-neck, black sweater and a white fitted shirt underneath. Her grey mini just about covering where the tops of her tan stocking's began. Cassy took great delight in teasing and tormenting the men, bending over repeatedly, showing off her cleavage. Her black fitted shirt, clinging to her as if it were sprayed on, and her scandalously short, leather mini rides up, revealing her black stocking's and tanned thigh's. The boy's in the office are soon like putty in Cassy's hand.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While the men are occupied with Cassy, Kimberley sneaks out to do some investigating. The building is a never ending maze of corridor's, its huge! Finding evidence in here was going to be like looking for a needle in a hay-stack. But Zelda's notes had given her a few pointer's as to where any evidence may be. She was to begin her search in the old accounts department in the basement, this was where any crooked paperwork was hidden, according to intel.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley takes the lift down to the basement, being careful to make sure she was not followed. She slides the lift door open and tentatively enter's the musty smelling room. It looked like no one had been down here for years but she started the search anyway, totally unaware that she was being watched from the shadows. The basement is silent other than the clip-clapping of her tall boots as she searches aisle after aisle of files, but this was going to take weeks, if not months to check. She had nearly given up, when she picked up one titled Pakistan. She gently blows the dust off it, and sits down at a desk in the corner of the dank, dark room and began to read the file becoming engrossed in it. The file although old. was exactly what she was looking for. This one file was enough to nail Viacom to the wall. Kimberley allows herself a wry smile that she had found something in her first hour of looking, that Sammi couldn't find in a week.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley was totally immersed in the file, flicking from page to page, going through the facts and figures in her head. By the looks of things Viacom had been funding the terrorist for years, but why? Why did a reputable German company fund terrorist cells in Pakistan, it didn't make sense! She sat there trying to figure it all out, totally unawares of the danger she was now in. While she had been distracted reading, the mysterious hooded figure that had been watching from the shadows, had stealthily crept upon the young Angel agent, and was now stood directly behind her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It's at that point Kimberley had read enough, and decides to head back up stairs to see Cassy, and as she pushes back on her chair to stand, she is attacked! Her arms are pinned to her side in a vice like bear hug, and Kimberley is shocked by just how strong her assailant is. She kicks out wildly, knocking over the table and chair in a desperate bid to un-balance her attacker, as she is viciously dragged backwards across the room. She continues to thrash about trying to break free from her mysterious tormentor, but in the struggle they both fall to the floor. Kimberley lay's there trying to kick free, still trapped in the 'python like' arm's of her attacker, who then wraps their legs round her own, limiting her movement. Kimberley then flicks her head back trying to head butt her assailant, but as she does, a damp cloth is forced over her nose and mouth. In a last desperate bid for freedom she starts to scream. But only muffled cries came out, as she began to grow weaker, and weaker with each passing second, as the chloroform soaked cloth took effect.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Its not long before the struggling stops and Kimberley's eye's glaze over as her body becomes lifeless and numb. She lays there in a dream like state, totally helpless as she is slowly released from the bear hug. Her assailant then kneels over her, and through her barely open eye's she see's her attacker for the first time, it was Helga! Kimberley then feels her skirt being lifted ever so slightly and the stocking on her right leg pulled down, exposing her tanned flesh. She then watches on unable to even make a sound as Helga produces a large syringe and jabs it into her right thigh. The room began to spin and Kimberley slowly slips into a deep sleep, where she would eventually awaken into her worst nightmare. 












&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *


WOLF-CASTLE 


* * *


Kimberley is awoken by the chimes of the clock on the wall, it's 6pm and all is not well! She finds herself trapped in the same Dungeon Sammi had been held in, but instead of being fastened to the dreaded table, she finds herself hanging about 4ft from the floor in a hog-tied position. Although still fully clothed she was in agony! Her ankles had been fitted into a spreader bar about 3ft across, and her wrists were cuffed securely behind her back. Her neck had been fitted into a large padded collar, not to dissimilar to the one accident victims have to wear to protect against paralysis. But what made the device she was being held in so uncomfortable, was the bar that connected her collar to the ankle spreader, meaning the more she kicked out and struggled with her legs, the more pressure it put upon her neck, causing her to struggle for breath. The centre bar of the device which held the neck and ankles together also had a pivot point on it, which connected to another bar which ran to the ceiling allowing the prisoner to be spun 360 degrees for easy access to all her more delicate areas.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Beads of sweat run down the young spies face as she comes to terms with the agonising bondage she was being held in. Her hips and knees felt like they were going to dislocate, each time she would try and adjust her body in the heinous contraption holding her so tightly in place. She squirms and struggles against the bonds in a futile attempt to break free as her clothes become drenched with sweat, as the stiflingly hot Dungeon slowly drained her strength. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After about an hour of straining and struggling to break free, she slumps exhausted in her restraints, as her full weight is taken by her ankles and neck. She hangs there panting like a dog on a hot summers day, as she began to contemplate her fate. Her mind starts racing as to who was responsible for her abduction, and whether or not they had Cassy and Sammi. Who ever it was they looked like professionals! The device which was holding her so painfully in place was custom built, and castle Dungeons are not exactly cheap to rent these days. These people knew what they were doing! The only question was, what did they want?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley continued to hang there in silence, the only noise comes from her feet as they squelch around in her boots, while the rats scurry along the walls of the foul smelling, damp and dirty Dungeon. The stench was simply over powering! A mixture of latrine and rotting flesh filled the dark, cavernous room as she hung there helpless and alone, but that was about to change! In the distance she hears the faint clicking of heels approaching. Her heart starts pounding as to who it is, and what they wanted from her, and she feels a cold chill as the locks on the door are slowly slid open. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley knew when she awoke in the Dungeon she was to be tortured, but as the dungeon door slowly creaked open, she now knew she was to be raped too. Stood in the doorway was Zelda! And she had under gone quite the transformation since the airport. Her short dark hair was now slicked back, and she was wearing a large bondage collar and matching cuffs. The full sheer body stocking that adorned her body was cut away at the groin and breast area, allowing a gruesome look at her grey pubed sex and sagging breasts. In one hand she had a long thin riding crop, the other hand what looked like a large bag of sex toys and Kimberley's buttocks sub-consciously contract as the German woman walks towards her in her thigh high, patent leather boots. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two women stay silent as Zelda drops the bag of sex toys on the floor, and Kimberley catches sight of its filthy contents. A collection of dirty looking dildos spill out into view and Zelda gives a knowing smile as she watches Kimberley grimacing in anticipation, as to what was to come. Although she had been captured and tortured before, rape was a new experience for the American girl! Made all the worse by the fact a woman would be carrying it out. Kimberley's pulse quickens as she is slowly spun around, till Zelda's head is now between her spread legs. The leather on her long boots squeaks against the steel clamps holding her legs so firmly in place, as she rolls her ankles about, nervously waiting for what was to come next.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda slides her riding crop down the side of her very own kinky boots, allowing both hands free to torment her helpless prisoner. Kimberley jolts in shock, as Zelda's masculine hands firmly grab the back of each of her rock solid thighs and starts to slide them up towards where her stockings finished. Zelda bites her lip and shuts her eyes in sexual joy, as her hands creep up Kimberley's nylon sheathed legs, towards her pelvis. Kimberley gasps as her skirt, already crotch high due to the position her legs were being held in, is slid over her clenched buttocks, coming to rest around her waist. Kimberley's anxiety reaches new levels as Zelda began to pull on her crisp, white panties that protected her sex, when she can take no more!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What do you want from me, you ugly German bitch? What have you done to my friends?" She sneered, hoping she could turn Zelda's attention away from between her legs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmmm! You would be wise not to insult me while your held in this position my pretty." Hisses Zelda, as she pulls her riding crop from her boots in a sinister fashion.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Are you fucking deaf? Or are you just fucking stupid! Where the fuck is Arrrrrggghhhhh!" Kimberley had not even had the chance to complete her sentence, before Zelda introduced her sex to the crop. The Screaming continued for several minutes as she made sure the American Agent paid for her insult.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yessss, you are a silly little girl aren't you, spy? It's one thing insulting me in an Airport, with thousands of people walking by. Its a different matter all together, insulting me down here slut!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley just groans as Zelda stops the attack but continues to intimidate her with the crop, gently stroking the leather tip of it against her mound, letting the young spy know exactly who was in charge. Kimberley winces with each stroke, her pussy still tender from the intense whipping session she had just endured. Zelda had been involved in countless interrogations and particularly enjoyed working on the female spies. The older woman grew excited watching her young prisoner sweating in the devilish bondage, and her juices started to flow down the legs of her body stocking, as she became extremely horny.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmm, That's better! My crop always gets a positive reaction from a prisoner! Tonight i am going to teach you the meaning of the word respect my dear!" She purrs, as she runs the shaft of her crop hard between Kimberleys pussy lips through her panties. Kimberley pulls hard against her handcuffs, squirming as the steel dug deep into her flesh the harder she pulled.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who do you work for, and what do you want? Your not German intelligence, i figured that one out myself!" Says Kimberley, as once more she tries to draw Zelda's attention away from her groin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmm, how very observant of you Miss Jones, but am afraid this part of your interrogation i require you to remain silent!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "At least tell me what you have Arrrgghhhhhh!" Cries Kimberley, as once again the riding crop crashes into her sex.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I said silence!" Screams Zelda, as Kimberley's body flinches from the pain. "Mmmm, i think its high time i helped you out of your uncomfortable clothes Miss Jones!" She says, as she walks towards the intercom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Madam helga will you come down to the Dungeon please!" Kimberley does not have to wait long before she is joined in the Dungeon by Helga, and she too is dressed in a kinky body stocking and thigh length boots. Its only when Helga stands in the doorway does kimberley realise just how big and powerful she was. Although like Zelda, she was in her late fifties. She had the body of a steroid fuelled, body building monster! No wonder Kimberley had struggled to fight her off in the basement. Helga walks over and disappears out of sight to Kimberleys rear end, while Zelda stands in front and removes her spectacles, placing her pungent smelling sex only inches away from her beautiful face. She grimaces in disgust as the clearly excited German woman's pussy juices start dribbling down her leg and a stale smell of urine and juice fills her nostrils. Zelda just stands there gently running her fingers through the American girls golden tresses, her legs slightly apart making sure the young spy got a good sniff of her putrid aroma.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "See anything you like, slut?" Hisses Zelda, moving even closer, till Kimberleys nose is practically buried into her unkept, bushy garden. Kimberley is horrified, and her disgust intensified as Zelda's hand slides down and starts to pleasure herself rigorously using her fingers, inches away from the young spies face. kimberley try's to pull away from the enforced sex show, but the cradle kept her exactly where Zelda wanted her, as the moaning and groaning grew louder and louder, as she hurtled towards a screaming climax. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ooooooh yar! Ooooooo yar! Yesssssss! Yessssssssss! She screams as her legs buckled slightly, while grabbing a hand full of Kimberley's luscious, golden locks, roughly lifting her head so she could look deep into The American woman's eyes, as she began to cum hard. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Muuupppthhhh!" Screams Kimberley in a muffled gasp, as the old hag uses both her hands to force her beautiful face, hard into her soaking wet pussy. Kimberley thrashes about furiously trying to escape as her mouth, nose and sun kissed cheeks are all coated with Zelda's foul smelling bodily fluids. Kimberley's head is then thrown back as Zelda collapses on the floor panting and moaning as her orgasm rips through her body. Kimberley momentarily hangs her head in shame before becoming engulfed in unadulterated rage, as the German woman's sticky nectar finds it's way into her mouth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You fucking ugly German bitch! I swear to mother fucking god when i get out of this fucking thing am going to kill you slowly and painfully!" She screams, shaking with anger as to what had just happened to her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No my child! When you get out of that 'Fucking thing' as you put it! You will be handed over to the Doctor and he will stretch and cut you into submission! Helga strip her!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmm! I do like a girl in smelly wellies!" Declares the large woman as she starts to undo the short zips on the sides of her long boots, slowly and deliberately pulling on them, so she may slip them off Kimberley's stocking clad legs. She tries to resist by flapping her feet about in a futile attempt to delay the inevitable. Helga combats this by concentrating on one boot at a time, grabbing them by their long stiletto heel and pulling hard, and its not long before both boots have been persuaded off, and her extremely sensitive feet are free to abuse. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm ,yesss! you really should see these Madam Zelda they're simply magnificent! Mmmmm, red toe nails too! You are a little slut ain't you spy!" Purrs Helga as she starts to examines Kimberley's perfectly formed size 6 feet. Gently teasing her toes apart making sure she inspected every inch of each foot, much to Kimberley's dismay. Zelda sits there and watches the young spies face twist and gurn, as Helga starts to run her nails over the sexy arches of her super sensitive feet, before gently biting down onto her toes. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmmm, oooooh! They actually taste better than they look! She must have had those smelly welly's on all day! Madam Zelda, You really must have a taste!" She says as her eyes close in pleasure, as if she were sucking on her favourite ice scream, gently nibbling on the toes using her teeth to tug at her tan coloured stocking, that were still damp with boot sweat. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I am going to use my tongue to clean the fluff from between your toes spy!" She whispers as her hands creep down to Kimberley's thighs and begins to pull at her stocking tops.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You really must excuse my friend Miss Jones, for she has a terrible foot fetish! I on the other hand much prefer young girls pussies and tits!" Sneered Zelda as she sits up and starts to rip kimberley's tight pull-over and shirt away from her body, apparently recovered from the effects of her strong orgasm. Once again she tries to resist, but its not long before her stockings are teased off by Helga's teeth, and her remaining clothes are ripped, and cut away from her body, by Zelda! Leaving Kimberley hanging there in only her tight white panties.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Like Sammi the Colonel had an athletic body and her bra size was a modest 34b. Very few Angel Agents had large chests due to the training program they had to under-take. 8 hours of hand to hand combat drills and fitness training used to burn away any excess fat they might have, and as a result curvaceous Angels were few and far between. Zelda gets back to her feet and again pulls the crop from her boots, and starts to run it over Kimberley's hard body, as Helga suckle's delicately on her sweaty toes, making sure each one received an extensive tongue bath, while she took in the salty aroma. Zelda then starts to use her crop to lightly strike her pert, perfectly formed breasts, which were hanging from her body like two small bombs. Kimberley squealed each time the crop came into contact with her strangely enlarged, and more sensitive than usual breasts, each strike grew with speed and ferocity, and each squeal got closer to becoming a shriek of agony. Kimberley's brain was being over loaded with sensations of both pleasure and stinging pain, as Helga completed her misery by continuing to tickle her feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You have made a big mistake bringing me here bitches, mark my words! You two freaks don't really think your going to get away with this do you? I am a American government Agent and people will be looking for me."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "We know exactly who you are! Colonel...Kimberley....Jones! And we know exactly what you are too, spy! And believe me Miss Jones, nobody is coming to rescue you from here! You and your whole fucking team are mine to use and abuse." Sneered Zelda, as she places the tip of her crop under Kimberley's chin lifting it slightly as she delivered her chilling message.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I will escape! And when i do, i will come looking for you! And we will see how tough you are when i have full use of my arms and legs!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh my child, unless you tell the Doctor all he wants to know! You will not have any arms and legs to come looking for me with! Helga leave us!" 




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *


THE CLIENT 


* * *


,Cassy shuffles from foot to foot and squeezes her thighs trying to suppress the urgent need for the bathroom, but Cassy wasn't going anywhere. Shortly after Kimberley had gone off to investigate at Viacom, one of the male office worker's she thought she had twisted around her little finger, had slipped something in her coffee, and this is where she awoke 8 hours ago. She was in a small holding cell, blindfolded, her ankles had been fitted with large heavy strap's, then anchored to the floor. Her wrist's wore steel manacles and were pulled up and away from her body and attached to pulley's on the cell wall's. Although still fully clothed her tight fitting black shirt had risen up, showing off her sexy mid-rift.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She had given up any hope of slipping her shackles hours ago, and now was just reserving her strength for what lay ahead. She did not have to wait much longer before she could hear in the distance the distinct sound of a stiletto heeled woman approaching. The locks on the cell door are slid open and Cassy is joined in the cell by the mysterious woman who began to circle the frightened teenager. Cassy gasps as the woman gently runs her hands, first over her breasts, then lifts her black mini up, and began to caress her butt. She tries to lean and pull away from the intrusive hands, but she was going nowhere.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I am an American government agent on official business, i demand you release me at once!" Screams Cassy, as the woman starts to slowly unbutton her shirt. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This was the first time young Cassy had ever been captured, so she didn't know what to expect from her tormentor. She hangs there helpless as button by button her shirt was undone to reveal her black lacy bra underneath. She then winces as the pulleys spring into life and her arms are pulled up even further, till her shoes barely touch the floor. Her whole body is now under strain, and Cassy bites her lip as the woman gently starts to run her nails up and down her rib's. She then slides down the zip on her skirt, letting it fall to her ankles, showing off Cassy's black panties and stocking tops.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy's feet had been in agony due to being forced to stand in 6 inch heels for 8 hours. This pain was now transferred to her wrists as the steel manacles dug in. The woman stood there in silence watching the young American trying to balance on the tip-toes of her brand new, Christian Louboutin pumps, which she then takes great delight in slipping off. The pain in her wrists is now unbearable, her toes barely touch the floor, as her mystery tormentor then hooks her fingers under her lacy panties, gently tugging at them till they fall to the floor to reveal her neatly trimmed quim.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who are you?....Show yourself coward!.....What do you want from me?" Cries Cassy, her voice trembling, a mixture of fear, anger and frustration due to the predicament she found herself in.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, you know who i am Miss Clark! You know me very well." purred the woman, as Cassy's blindfold is pulled away to reveal herself.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy squints and adjusts her eyes to the bright lights to find 5ft 11 inches of ginger nastiness standing before her, it was Alexa! And she had a wicked grin etched across her face. She was wearing a long pencil skirt and white blouse and had young Cassy exactly where she wanted her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You double crossing evil bitch! You sold us out!" Screams Cassy, as she furiously fights and pulls against her bonds.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha ha, guilty as charged am afraid! But i do want you to know, it was nothing personal against you my dear, strictly business you understand. I was paid a lot of money to sell you girls out, however i would have sold that slut Jones out for nothing."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You evil bitch you won't get away with this!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I already have, you dumb fuck! Nobody but me, knows your here and i'm head of intelligence remember. Once we retrieve Kimberley's access code we will combine it with Sammi's, and your whole fucking Angel team will be either sex slaves or dead!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You will never break the Colonel you ginger bitch! Your going to regret selling us out, mark my words."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "The only thing i regret Miss Clark is not doing this sooner!....And you mark my words runt! Come this time tomorrow Jones will tell her interrogators anything they want to know!.... Here's some light entertainment for you to watch!" With that Alexa turns on her heels and walks out the door, switching on a t.v screen that was hung in front of Cassy. Who was now going to have to watch her friends interrogation in all its gory detail. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Meanwhile down in the Dungeon, Zelda was having her wicked way with the Colonel. Helga had left the two women alone, and Zelda was taking great delight in running her tongue over every inch of her toned body, as it writhed about in perfect bondage. Kimberley hung there moaning and groaning totally helpless, as her ordeal was captured on camera and shown to her young friend upstairs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The only clothing the American still wore were her panties, and that was about to change! Zelda start's to kiss and caress her rock solid thighs, slowly and deliberately moving towards her sexy target, as Kimberley began to squirm in nervous anticipation as to what was to come. She gasps as Zelda's fingers start to slide underneath her pants and began to tease them off. Slowly at first, then pulling wildly at them till they painfully ripped from the American's hard body.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There was only two parts of Kimberley's anatomy that would give away her Brazilian heritage. The first being a few sporadic freckles dotted on her nose and cheeks that she inherited from her late father. The second being the way she trimmed her pussy hair. Zelda was taken aback by just how neat and tidy the American's sweet smelling sex was, and paused for a moment before slowly and delicately sliding a single finger into her beautiful pussy. Kimberley's jerks with shock, as the German strokes it in and out a few times, before lifting her finger to her mouth and sucking on it, as if she were a michelin starred chef tasting a new creation. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm, you American girls taste simply divine! I have been an interrogator for over 30 years now, and i have never tasted pussy as good as yours my dear!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm glad your impressed you fucking sick, ugly bitch!" Grunts Kimberley, as she is spun around, till once more she is face to face with Zelda.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha, ha in 30 years i have never failed to make one of my female prisoners do, two things! The first is, i always get them to tell me what i want to know! Can she guess what the second thing is my pretty?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Throw up?" Kimberley fires back.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hmmmm, feisty, i like that! Just like your friend Sammi! She too had your indomitable spirit however me and the Doctor, soon helped coax that from her. I now use her to lick the dog shit from my dirty boots! She is a fully trained house slave now. She does what we say, when we say it!........Mmmmm, would you like to smell your friends pussy?" Hisses Zelda, as she moves closer and starts to gently blow on Kimberleys face. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm, she smell's good doesn't she spy?" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You fucking dirty horrible bitch i'm going to .........." Scream's Kimberley, as she starts to thrash around, incandescent with rage.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Your not going to do anything but hang there and look pretty. While i make you do, what i have made every other spy i have ever interrogated in the last 30 years do, including your slutty friend Sammi!......I'm going to make you cum!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once again she is spun around and the German gets to work on her tight little pussy. Zelda uses her finger's to part her silken lip's, and starts to gently, and slowly lap away at her exposed clitoris. Kimberley is shocked at just how good it feels, and after initially trying to resist, she soon relaxes as the German continued her exquisite tongue lashing on her most delicate of areas. After an hour, the Dungeon fell silent, other than the steady, slurping sound coming from between the American woman's spread legs. Kimberley hung there in silence, as Zelda used her tongue to ritualistically humiliate her, lapping away, as she panted like a dog. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She tried to concentrate and resist, but it was no use, as her body began to betray her. By now her nipples were painfully erect and her clit was nearly poking Zelda in the eye. Her breathing had become shallow and sharp, and the pain that had wracked her body since she awoke, had all but disappeared. Zelda's tongue was now in control of the CIA's top agent, and there was nothing Kimberley could do about it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm, your having fun now slut, aren't you? No woman alive, can resist my skilled tongue! Ha ha, if you ask me nicely, i will allow you to cum!" Sneer's Zelda, as she pauses from licking, to gently start flicking her prisoner's super sensitive and erect bean. Kimberley's toes curl and she bites her bottom lip, trying to resist the urge to start screaming for mercy from the sexual misery she was trapped in. Her pussy is now dripping wet, and had been dancing to the tune of Zelda's fingers and tongue for nearly 90 minutes now. Her pulse start's to quicken even further, as she hears the familiar sound of a dildo burst into life. She gasp's, as it is run up and down her straining thighs getting ever closer to her groin with each stroke. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley is overwhelmed with guilt, that she was so turned on by some one old enough to be her grand mother. Her whole body was crying out, begging for Zelda to let her cum, but her pride wouldn't allow it, she couldn't let that German bitch win! But Kimberley and Zelda both knew, that as soon as the Dildo and her aching clit came into contact with one another, her resistance would be broken.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm, your close aren't you spy! Say the word and i will let you cum!" Hisses Zelda, as she starts to run the sex toy along her gleaming wet pussy lips, carefully avoiding her stood to attention clit.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley groans and her eyes flicker half shut, as if she was in some type of erotic dreamland. Her mouth hangs wide open, gaping as she pants away, unable to control her breathing or regain her composure. Her nipples seem to grow in length with each passing second, as does her clitoris. They appear to have a mind of their own, and almost look as if they were reaching out for something to stimulate them, and trigger a climax. But Zelda was sadistically keeping all forms of stimulation mere fractions of an inch away from them, she knew exactly what she was doing. Kimberley's training was no match for Zelda's 30 years of experience. She knew as well as the American knew, that she could now make her cum on command. But as a final humiliating act, Zelda wanted the Angel Agent to beg her to let her cum! She wanted the worlds greatest spy reduced to nothing more than a dungeon gimp, just like Sammi had been. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; During her career as an Angel agent Kimberley had used her body many times to manipulate men, and now Zelda was using her own body against her. Kimberley's greatest weapon was now her greatest enemy, as it kept on begging her to give in to Zelda.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmmm, i can keep you like this for weeks spy, teetering on the edge. Your training is no match for my skills! Just say the word slut! Give in to your womanly urges, my child!" Suddenly Zelda's words all seem to make sense to the young spy. Why shouldn't she give in to her urges? It wasn't as if she was betraying her country by having an orgasm! And after nearly two hour's of being sexually abused by her captor she can take no more.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ok, ok you win do it, just do!" She finally gasps.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I want you to beg slut, beg me to do it!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ok. ok please i beg you please let me cum!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha, ha as you wish slut! Brace yourself!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda then finally places the sex toy on her swollen clit and Kimberley explodes. Her eyes shut tight and her pussy starts to spasm, as waves of ecstasy rip through her body. Her body starts to convulse and shake, as she began to cum harder than ever before. Zelda's face is sprayed with the American's hot and sticky cunt juices, as she continues to furiously lap away at her young victim.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yesss, yessss, oh fuck pleeeasse ooooh fuck!" Screams Kimberley, in unbridled joy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But while kimberley was in orgasm heaven with her eye's firmly shut, another guest had entered the dungeon and was slowly making their way towards her. Kimberley finally opens her eye's exhausted from her ordeal when she is shocked by what she see's.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Whats the matter Jones you look like you have seen a ghost!.....You didn't really think you could defeat me did you?"...... Kimberley's ordeal was about to take a turn for the worse.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE VIXEN HAD RETURNED! 

















&nbsp; THE FALLEN ANGEL by pembo




&nbsp; THE FALLEN ANGEL PART 3


3 YEARS PREVIOUS


* * *

"Base!.....This is Jones and Walsh reporting in.........We have sighted
target.......I repeat! We have sighted target.......... Awaiting further
instructions."

"Hold your position Angels!.........Observe and report!........ Do not
engage target!"

"Base!........Target is about to board plane, to cross border!.......I
repeat! Target is about to leave country!.......We must stop her!"

"That a negative Angels do not engage target........ I repeat do not
engage! Observe and report!"

"Thats bullshit base!.........I repeat bullshit!.... We're going in!"

Kimberley and Sammi had tracked down the wanted fugitive known as The
Vixen to a disused air base in New Mexico. The Vixen aka 'Anna White'
was once an Angel agent herself, and was Colonel Dearings mentor before
becoming corrupt with greed. It was only 6 months previous that The
Vixen had captured, tortured and murdered the Colonel, and the pain
still ran deep for the young Angel agents. The Colonel was more than
just their leader, she was their friend, and the girls wanted revenge.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Had it not been for her betrayal of the Angel team The Vixen would
have gone down as one of the greatest Angels of all time. Her hand to
hand skills were unmatched even by the Colonel herself, and her list of
completed missions was second to none. Although nearly 50 years of age
she was still more than a match for the young and inexperienced Jones
and Walsh. But they were so overcome with rage over the death of their
mentor and friend that it didn't matter, The Vixen was going down!

The girls had been watching from about 200 yards away, hidden in the
shadows. Their uniforms blended in perfectly to the night sky and they
were like two panthers, as they stalked their prey. The Vixen was
preoccupied loading up her Cesna plane to notice the shadowy figures
making their way through the desert sands towards her. The Angels
uniform consisted off a blue and black spandex catsuit, long black
leather gloves and black calf length, wedge heeled boots that zipped up
on the side. Had it not been for the gun belts the two girls wore, they
could have been mistaken for Sue Storm of fantastic 4 fame, especially
kimberley with her blond hair tied up and away from her face.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As the girls approach the hangar they decide to split up, they had
noticed two security guards with her and thought surprise would be their
greatest weapon against the villain. Their plan was for Sammi to
distract the guards while Kimberley was to confront The Vixen. Even
though both guards weighed over 200lbs, Sammi knew Kimberley had the
harder task. The Vixen was a legend at The Nest, only Colonel Dearing
had ever come close to beating her. It was going to take the two girls
combined to defeat her, and even then a slice of luck would be needed.
Sammi sneaked around the back of the building to where the guards were
patrolling, while kimberley tip toed through the large front doors of
the hangar. The Vixen was busy loading up the plane apparently unawares
of the young agent approaching silently from behind. By now Kimberley
had unholstered her gun and had it pointed directly at the back of the
older woman's head when she paused suddenly from loading the plane and
sighed.

"My....My....If it isn't Alisons favourite little runt from the Academy!
You have got a nerve trying to take me on your own kid! Where's your
friend Walsh?" Says The Vixen, turning around slowly.

"She'll be here soon enough bitch! We're taking you in Vixen! Your going
to pay for what you done to the Colonel. Now put your hands on your head
and walk slowly towards me!"

"Certainly miss Jones!"

Meanwhile Sammi was having unexpected problems with the guards. The main
problem being her pistol had jammed due to the desert sands, and now she
was having to go toe to toe with two guys twice her size. It was lucky
for her that they had left their weapons out of reach. All she had to do
now was get the better of a couple of 200lbs Gorillas, then help
Kimberley subdue one of the greatest Angels of all time. It was going to
be a tough nights work for young Sammi, but she had to succeed!
Kimberley could not take the Vixen on her own.

The Vixen walks slowly over to Kimberley! Her hands on her head, her
slender hips swaying from side to side. She was dressed impecably, in
her usual business suit and stillettos, her long dark hair falling
loosly down her back. Although nearly 50 years of age she had the body
of a 25 year old. Only a few lines around her stunning green eyes and
mouth, betrayed her true age. Even though Kimberley had the gun pointed
at her, The Vixen was by far the more confident and relaxed as the two
women circle each other.

"On your knees bitch!.....On your fucking knees!.... Or i swear to god
i'll kill you right here, right now!" Screams Kimberley, her voice
trembling with emotion.

"Hey, relax Jones there has been a major misunderstanding. Now just put
the gun down and we can talk about this!" With that, the Vixen glances
over Kimberleys shoulder and appears to gesture to someone. Kimberley
stupidly falls for the Vixens trick and momentarily takes her eyes off
her opponent and is swiftly punished. The Vixen kicks the gun from
Kimberleys hands and now she was going to have to achieve something even
Dearing had never done. Beat The Vixen in hand to hand combat.

"Am going to enjoy teaching you this lesson child! The first lesson
being respect your elders!" Sneers The Vixen as she steps out of her
shoes and starts to pace towards Kimberley.

"Bring it on Vixen, i aint scared of you!"

The two girls explode into a flurry of kicks and punches. Kimberley aims
a kick at the Vixens leg, but she uses her knee to painfully block her
attack. The Vixen then counters by launching a flurry of punches at
Kimberleys face. She blocks most, but one gets through and Kimberleys
mouth explodes into a bloody mess. The Vixen then delivers a powerful
kick to her abdomen knocking Jones onto her back. She gingerly gets to
her feet and spits out a mouthful of blood, and the two women again
start fighting. This time Kimberley tries a high kick to the Vixens
face, but she simply catches the young woman's ankle, and brings her
elbow down hard on the back of her knee, damaging it. Kimberley is now
on all fours trying to crawl away, but receives a thunderous kick to the
face nearly knocking her out. She is then rolled onto her back and The
Vixen places her bare foot on Kimberley's chest and presses down hard.

"Your out of your depth runt!......You didn't really think you could
beat me! Did you Jones?......Now your going to die just like Dearing,
begging and screaming for mercy!"

"Don't count your chickens bitch!" Groans Kimberley as she uses her
right hand to try and dislodge The Vixens foot from her chest. However
Unbeknown to The Vixen she had used her left hand to reach out for a
nearby hammer and crashes it down hard onto her bare standing foot.

"Aaaaarrrrggghhhhh!" Screams the Vixen as she comically starts to hop
around, allowing Kimberley to flick back up onto her feet.

"Now lets see how tough you are! Bitch." Sneers Kimberley with a renewed
vigour.

Kimberley then seizes her chance, and starts to rain down blows on The
Vixen. Punch followed by kick, followed by punch. The Vixen was reeling
under the sustained attack from the young Angel Agent, and is eventually
knocked from her feet onto her butt. Kimberley nonchalantly starts to
circle her downed opponent and began to mock her.

"Whats the matter old timer, is your foot sore?......Ha Ha, that will
teach you to put your sweaty feet on me bitch!"

Kimberley continues to circle the downed Vixen as she tries to stand,
allowing her to get to her feet before knocking her down again. The
Vixen is all but beaten when Jones makes a terrible mistake. Scattered
along the floor of the hangar are lengths of rope, and the Vixen watches
as the young Agent places her foot in a length that had looped around
her ankle. The rope was connected to a winch that was supporting the
weight of an engine that was hanging nearby, and quick as a flash The
Vixen leaned over and released the winch. Once again the tables are
turned, as the rope tightens around Kimberleys ankle and hoists her 6ft
in the air.

Kimberley hangs there helpless pulling at her boot, and the rope that
had snared her ankle, as The Vixen hobbles over to the gun. She picks it
up then slowly walks back to the distressed Angel before pointing it at her.

"It's a pity you have to die kid, i could use someone like you! They
taught you well! Just not well enough, goodbye miss Jones!" With that,
the gun is aimed at Kimberleys head and she shuts her eyes ready to hear
the bang.

"Hey bitch!..... You forgot about me!" Says a voice from behind as a
large wrench is crashed down on the back of The Vixens head, and once
again the tables had turned. It was Sammi.


* * *

THE PLAYROOM


* * *

The Vixen awaken's to find herself in what the Angels nicknamed 'The
playroom'. She had been in dozens of these rooms during her career as an
Angel Agent however never as a guest. She has been stripped and strapped
to a dentist chair with her head and neck totally immobilized, her mouth
clamped wide open. She has a very limited field of vision due to the way
her head has been secured, but in the background she can hear Kimberley
and Sammi sniggering and mocking her.

The two girls were now wearing safety spectacles and white doctors style
smock's over their uniforms. They were trying to decide what instrument
of pain to use first on The Vixen, making sure she heard every word and
every laugh of their conversation. They were giggling like school girls
as they picked up various medical instruments trying to figure out
exactly what they did and where you put them. This was the girls first
interrogation, although they had done many simulations in the Academy
this was the real deal. Its not often you get to interrogate a legend,
but some how the girls had managed to capture the Infamous Vixen and
they were determined to make her talk.

The Vixen continues to squirm and pull against the restraints of the
chair, but she knew as well as the girls knew, she wasn't going
anywhere. It was an ironic twist of fate that she is fastened so tightly
to a chair that she was instrumental in designing back in the eighties.
At the height of the cold war many Russian spies were taken to such
facility's by The Vixen's team and forced to give up their secrets. In
fact she had gained a reputation as one of the worlds leading
interrogators. But all that counted for nothing now she found herself
naked and alone, strapped to the chair she helped build.

The girls eventually decide what tools they were going to use to help
jog The Vixen's memory and begin to circle her. The first thing they
wanted to know, was where the body of their friend and mentor was. The
Vixen had been sadistically sending various parts of the Colonels body
through the post for weeks, mocking and taunting the Angels before
finally putting her out of her misery. Kimberley took this especially
badly, the thought of the Colonel lying there helpless and alone as The
Vixens goons removed first her fingers then her toes sickened her, and
she wanted revenge! She wanted to make this bitch suffer for what she
did. Kimberley had picked up a small tapping hammer and was slowly
running it up the legs of The Vixen, then up her torso finally stopping
at her clamped open mouth. The Vixens eyes flicker from side to side as
Kimberley leans over her, much the same way a dentist would lean over a
patient.

"Hey, you have nice teeth for an old timer!.........Your in pretty good
shape, for an old fossil aren't you?.........Now slut, am going to ask
you a couple of questions, try to answer them in a correct and concise
manner." Says Kimberley as she throws her leg over the chair and
straddles The Vixen, her tight little butt, resting on the groin area of
the older woman. She then gently starts to tap The Vixens teeth with her
hammer while Sammi moves to the bottom of the chair where her feet are
secured and places the little toe of her left foot between the jaws of a
rather large pair of pliers. She pulls wildly against the restraints and
bucks her body trying to dislodge Kimberley but it was no use, The Vixen
was about to get a very large and very painful taste of her own medicine.

"I only have two questions for you bitch!.....The first being!... Where
is the Colonels body you evil slut? And my second question is, what
government is funding you?.......I hope to mother fucking god you give
me the wrong answer! I really do, am just itching to make you suffer!"
Sneers Kimberley as she stares down at her helpless subject.

The Vixen stops struggling and fixes an icy stare at the young Agent as
she continues to gently tap away with the hammer. While Sammi increases
the pressure ever so slighty on her little toe.

"Well! Whats it to be, death breath? Are you going to answer my
questions? Or do i smash your fucking teeth out, while Sammi down there
gives you the pedicure from hell." Screams Kimberley.

The vixens stays silent and just glares at Kimberley with a unbridled
hatred. She cant believe how these two kids fresh out of the Academy had
managed to capture her. In her eyes these runts didn't deserve to be in
the same room as her, let alone interrogate her. She found the whole
episode rather embarrassing, the fact that two no marks she helped train
were now going to be causing her a great deal of pain. She shuts her
eyes and her fingers clench the arms of the chair where her wrist's were
secured. As Kimberley slides her long athletic legs down either side,
and hooks her ankles together round the back of the chair. Pinning The
Vixens toned mid-rift down so tightly, that she struggled for breath.

"Not talking, huh?.....Alright then! We do this the hard and painful way
slut." Says Kimberley as she looks over her right shoulder and gestures
to Sammi. That is when the pain and screaming begins! Kimberley starts
to smash The Vixens teeth with her hammer, while Sammi gets to work on
her feet. She lays there screaming and writhing about trying to dislodge
Kimberley as one by one the young agent removes her pearly white teeth
with her hammer. After initially breaking a few toes Sammi steps back
and watches Kimberley at work. She stands there open mouthed, amazed at
how viciously her friend went about her work. After removing first her
teeth, Kimberley took the pliers and finished what Sammi had started,
till all her toes and fingers were nothing but bloody pulps.

By now Kimberley is panting and out of breath, her white smock is
splattered with The Vixens blood and Sammi tries to calm her down, but
its no use she is drunk on blood lust. All she can think about is
causing this bitch as much pain as possible, nothing else mattered. She
didn't care who she worked for! All she wanted to do was make her suffer
for what she had done to the Colonel. Sammi eventually manages to pull
her off The Vixen who is now just laying there semi-conscious, gurgling
blood and groaning. Although the Angels were allowed to interrogate
prisoners, this was too much. Kimberley had allowed her personal feeling
to get in the way of her job. If The nest was to find out what had
happened here today Kimberley would receive a court marshall and a
lengthy prison sentence.

"Kimmy.... kimmy.... Calm the fuck down, your going to kill her!......
Are you crazy?" Scream's Sammi as she drags her friend away.

"Look calm the fuck down!..... I'l get this bitch cleaned up and we'll
take her back to the nest, she'll tell us what we want to know there,
just calm down!"

"I don't give a fuck what she has to say Sammi! She's an evil bitch and
deserve's to suffer for what she did, shes a traitor and a murderer!"
Its at that point The Vixen comes round from her ordeal. Barely able to
speak due to her jaw being both broken, and clamped open she beckons
Kimberley over to her.

"Come here Jones, i want to tell you something!" She whispers barely
audible.

Sammi looks on as Kimberley tentatively makes her way towards The Vixen
and leans over to hear what she has to say. The two women only speak for
a few moments, but its enough to seal The Vixens fate. Sammi could not
make out what The Vixen had told Kimberley due to the hushed tones she
delivered her message. But it sent her over the edge, and she quickly
turns on her heels and heads towards a small control panel on the wall
and furiously starts punching numbers into the keyboard.

"Kimberley, no!" Screams Sammi, but it was too late! Kimberley had
activated the rooms self destruct system and the girls had 30 seconds to
gets themselves clear. Sammi runs over to The Vixen and starts pulling
at her restraints. She couldn't let The Vixen die, she had too many
questions she needed answering. But time was running out, as the clock
ran down.

"Sammi..... Leave her..... Come on lets go, your running out of time!"
Screams Kimberley as she holds the door a jar. Sammi reluctantly leaves
The Vixen and the two girls get clear with only seconds to spare before
the 'playroom' is turned into an inferno by a large explosion. The two
girls had barely escaped with their life's but not before The Vixen had
delivered a final chilling warning to young Sammi. "YOU GIRLS WILL PAY
FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE TO ME TODAY, MARK MY WORDS RUNT! YOU WILL PAY!"


* * *

WOLF-CASTLE (PRESENT DAY)


* * *

Kimberley hangs there panting as the effects of her orgasm slowly fade
away, trying to regain some composure as the hooded woman claiming to be
The Vixen moves towards her. Zelda slowly retreats from between the
hapless spies legs, her face still coated with the young woman's sweet
sticky nectar. She gently kisses and caresses the trembling tanned
thighs as she backs away from the young Agents dripping wet pussy.
Kimberley strains her eyes in the dimly lit dungeon trying to make out
who the hooded woman was. In her mind The Vixen was dead, there was no
way she could have survived that inferno. Kimberley knew from
experience, in her line of work many people claimed to be many things,
and she required proof that the hooded woman was indeed The infamous
Vixen. She did not have to wait long!

"They tell me your now the Colonel of 'The Nest'!.......Leader of the
Angels!.......My, my! How standards have fallen since my day!" Says the
woman claiming to be The Vixen, as she starts to slowly spin the cradle
around.

"Who the fuck are you freak?......Your not The Vixen!.......I watched
that slut die!" Retorts kimberley.

"NO!.... You didn't watch me die!.......You left me to die!.....You and
your little friend Walsh left me in that room all alone. It took me days
to escape that god forsaken place. I had to crawl through the desert
like a snake, till finally i summoned help. Now it is your turn to
suffer, and suffer you shall! After we force you to give up your code,
me and my team are going to recreate the pain you caused me!" And with
that, the hooded cloak the woman is wearing drops to the floor and
Kimberley is suddenly gripped with sheer terror.

"Oh fuck!......Oh god no!......It can't be!......Please no!" Screams
Kimberley as she looks the woman's naked, mutilated body up and down. It
is without doubt The Vixen, or at least what is left of her. Her two
legs are now just stumps with prosthetic limbs attached to them. While
where her left hand used to be, was now just a sharp looking hook. Every
inch of her body was horrifically scarred with burns. Her hair, nose and
ears were all melted away and it was only now Kimberley realized just
how much trouble herself and her team were in.

"I have dreamed about this day for three long years spy! For three long
years i have planned out in detail what i was going to do to that taut,
sexy body of yours. Tomorrow you are going to scream like you have never
screamed before. You and your team are going to discover just how wicked
and cruel my Doctor can be! You my dear! Have been a very.... very...
naughty little girl"

Panic starts to set in on the young Agent and she starts to pull and
kick out in a futile attempt to break free of her bondage. But it was no
use! She wasn't going anywhere as The Vixen once again leaves her alone
with the perverted Zelda. Kimberley hangs there in silence as her German
tormentor starts to wheel a trolley with a strange looking device placed
upon it, towards her. Although she did not know what it was, she knew it
was to be attached to her breasts by the two suction cups protruding
from each side of the sinister looking box. Each cup was attached to the
device by a long clear pipe and a large cylinder had been placed on the
bottom shelf of the trolley, directly below the strange machine that had
now started whirring into life.

"What are you going to do to me now! You dyke bitch?" Screams Kimberley.

"Mmmmm....Don't worry my child nothing painful, i am merely going to
milk you!" Says Zelda as she offer's the cups up to her breasts, letting
the suction do the rest.

"Urrrggghhh! Your fucking sick, why are you doing this to me? Cries
Kimberley as the cups form a perfect seal around her breasts and start
to slowly pump away at her most womanly of glands.

"We're doing this to you because genuine breast milk is a very expensive
delicacy Miss Jones! We have clients willing to spend huge amounts of
money for your liquid gold! Normally we have to use pregnant women for
this procedure however through a course of drugs, we have managed to
perfect the process on non-pregnant subjects. For the next twelve hours
we're going to drain you dry! Because after The Doctor has finished with
you, your breasts will never produce milk again!"

"What drugs you freak?"

"What did you think those supplements you and your team were given in
Pakistan were? Ha ha, surely you noticed your breast's becoming more
swollen and sensitive"

"Bitch! Fucking bitch, i swear to god you won't get away with this!
Urrrgghhh!" Snarls Kimberley cleary upset at what was happening to her.

"Your threats mean nothing here spy, we only listen to your screams!"
Declares Zelda as she walks towards the intercom system. "Madam Heidi!
Send in our two male guests!"

Kimberley listens intently as she hears the voices of what sound like a
couple of South American men approaching the Dungeon door. Her mind
races, thinking of who they might be, and if she even knew them at all.
But judging by how her night had gone so far there was a good chance of
her not only knowing them, but them bearing a personal grudge against
her. Kimberley does not have to wait long before the Dungeon door fly's
open and her heart sinks as a familiar voice booms out.

"Hey Bitch! Remember us?"

"How could i forget!.........Hows business amigos?......Hows
pop's?......Oh yer, i nearly forgot, he's dead! Isn't he!" Replies
Kimberley in a sarcastic tone.

Kimberley's night was going from bad to worse. The two men that had
entered the dungeon were leaders of a Columbian drugs Cartel she had
helped smash. It was over two years ago she had infiltrated their gang
posing as a mexican hooker, complete with dyed black hair and brown
contact lenses. Fluent in Spanish and skilled in the art of
manipulation, it was not long before the young Angel Agent gained their
trust and helped to smash the billion dollar a year illegal business,
that was flooding north America with high quality narcotics. The Cartel
was ran by their father, whom she had tortured and killed in front of
them, and the two brother's were more than slightly upset by this. They
were both dressed in typical South American style, white chino's, loose
fitting linen shirts and plenty of gold on show to complement their
olive skin and black greased back hair. Pablo the older of the two
brothers sported a large seventies style mustache, while Pedro the
younger and slimmer of the two was clean shaven.

"You know! Business is not to good at the moment. But Madam Vixen and
Madam Zelda here, have promised us that after tomorrow night, the good
times are set to roll again. Hey! You look different since i last seen
you. I preferred the dark latino look on you! What do you think Pedro?"
Sneer's Pablo in his deep Columbian accent as he starts to stroke the
helpless American woman's hair.

"I think she's got a mouth thats just asking to be fucked hard!" Replies
Pedro as he unbuttons his trouser's.

"I guarantee you pencil dicked fagot's! Anything you put in my mouth
won't be coming out in one piece!"

"Oh i beg to disagree Miss Jones!" Says Zelda as she dangles a large
ring gag in front of the defiant spy. "Gentleman, hold her head for me!"

The two men seize kimberley by the head. Pablo roughly grabbing two hand
fulls of her long blond hair, while Pedro uses one hand to grab her nose
and the other to pull her jaws apart to allow Zelda's ring gag to be
fitted. For five long minutes she resists their attempt's to open her
mouth, till finally Pablo loses patience and slaps her so hard that it
renders her un-conscious. Kimberley awaken's to find her mouth forced
wide open by the highly uncomfortable ring gag and the two Columbian's
standing in front of her, naked! Their penises twitching and erect, only
inches away from her beautiful gaping mouth. The dungeon echos with the
sound of howling laughter as they start to rub their foul smelling,
sweaty cock's across her face. While Zelda places her booted foot
painfully on the young womans juicy pussy and starts to apply pressure
upon it.

"Not so tough now are you spy? Hisses Zelda as she starts to roll her
foot around on Kimberley's still moist vagina, Causing an embarrassing
squelching noise. As she continues to moan and groan in her highly
uncomfortable and humiliating bondage.

"Now gentlemen i trust The Vixen has gone through the rules with you,
however i will remind you! The prisoner is not to be harmed, any broken
bones or visible marks are strictly forbidden. The milking apparatus
attached to the prisoners breasts is not to be tampered with in any way
shape or form. And last but certainly not least! Under no circumstances
is she to be freed from her Cradle. Failure to adhere to these rules
will have serious repercussions. Enjoy your night boys, i will return in
twelve hours! And remember, we will be watching!"

And with that Zelda leaves Kimberley alone with the Columbian's, who
waste no time in introducing her tonsils to their hardened penises. For
the next twelve hours Kimberley is repeatedly raped, she hangs there
coughing and spluttering as her mouth, nose and eyes are sprayed with
their hot semen, time and time again, till finally they have nothing
left! All their gentleman's juice was now dripping off the face and out
of the mouth of the CIA's top agent. Kimberley's utter humiliation was
complete. Even if her mouth wasn't clamped open, she would still find it
hard to speak after what had happened to her. She had been stripped,
whipped and degraded like never before. Forced to pleasure two men she
despised, betrayed by a fellow Angel! It had not been a good day for the
Colonel, and it was about to get a whole lot worse.


* * *

CASSY'S TORMENT


* * *

During the most part of Kimberleys humiliation young Cassy had been
watching from her cell in agonizing pain. The steel wrist manacles had
begun to bite, and her calf's felt like they were on fire, due to
standing on her tip toes for so long. Cassy hung there waiting in
anticipation as she watched the Columbians reduce her friend to nothing
more than a cum bucket. Cassy like all Angels had been taught to resist
torture in the Academy, but after watching what was happening to the
Colonel she was starting to realize that all her training would count
for nothing here. Thanks to The Vixen's and Alexa's treachery, all their
Angel training was being used against them.

Cassy had been hanging there alone for about twelve hours, hand's numb
from the manacles, her legs in agony! When the cell door flung open and
two very unwanted guests paid her a visit. It was Zelda and The Vixen!
Zelda is still dressed in her revealing body stocking while The Vixen
was wearing her cloak, but without the hood. Allowing young Cassy a good
look at Kimberley's and Sammi's handy work. The two women start to
circle the nervous teen as once again she start's to pull at her
restraints in a futile attempt to break free. Cassy had witnessed the
depths of their depravity and was terrified, but buried her true
emotions deep beneath a tirade of barbed insults towards her would be
tormenters.

"Hey nice body stocking, wrinkles! It really shows off your saggy
tit's!.........Hey! You over there, freddie krugers love child! Whats
your story?........Didn't anyone tell you the burned melted look was
soooo last year!..........You two must be a big hit with the guy's! I
mean, what red blooded male wouldn't want a hundred year old dominatrix,
and a hook handed, bald headed stunner, such as yourself!..........You
two must be fighting the guys off with sticks!"

While The Vixen found Cassy's gallows humour quite amusing, Zelda was
furious. She wasn't used to being insulted! Especially by chained up,
half naked teenagers and marches over and punches the straining teen in
her mid-rift. Cassy gasps as the blow wind's her and she moans and
groans as Zelda painfully graps her by her breasts and starts to
squeeze, hard!

"Got anything to say now! Smart ass?" Sneers Zelda as she starts to
twist young Cassy's firm breasts aggressively, till they spill out of
her lacy bra, and deform beneath her strong masculine fingers.

"Arrrggghhh......Fuck you!" Cries Cassy, grimacing in pain.

"That's enough Zelda! Leave the young lady alone!" Orders The Vixen in
an assertive tone.

"If you insist!" Says Zelda as she release's Cassy from her cruel grasp.

"Now miss Clark let me introduce myself to you! My name is Anna White!
And believe it or not, i once was an Angel agent myself. Much of your
training you received in Palomar, was training i put in place over
twenty years ago. I wrote the book on mission protocol, everything you
ever learned was devised by me! I know all of your strengths, and all of
your weaknesses!

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Three years ago your two little friends downstairs did this to me
and soon i will take my revenge upon them. However, i have no quarrel
with you miss Clark! All i want from you, is for your co-operation! Help
me and my organization defeat the Angels, and we will shower you with
unimaginable wealth. I warn you though miss Clark, i make this offer
only once! Join me and together we can become more powerful than any two
bit Agency! After we have defeated the Angels we will round up the
British M.I.6, soon every government will fear us, every terrorist cell
be in our pocket......Well! Miss Clark whats it to be then?"

"Wow! Did you stay up all night rehearsing that speech. Maybe if you and
wrinkles over there, spent more time and money on decent wigs, and
plastic surgery! You wouldn't look like you've just stepped off the set
of The Rocky horror picture show!....Now listen up baldy, because i will
say this only once!......You and droopy tits, can go and fuck yourselfs!
In fact, why don't you use your hook to fuck yourselfs with!"

"A foolish decision miss Clark! A foolish decision indeed! Zelda, teach
this young woman some manners!"

With that Zelda marches over to a switch on the wall and presses it down
sharply. Cassy starts convulsing wildly as a strong electric current is
passed through her body via her steel wrist manacles. She screams out in
agony and shakes violently as Zelda watches on! Cackling like a witch,
as young Cassy's eyes roll into the back of her head, as she passes out
from the pain.

"Zelda! Take her down to the Dungeon, it should be free! Those pigs
surely must have finished with Jones by now! If not, take her to the
second dungeon and put her in the stocks!"

"Certainly Madam Vixen! And i assure you, i will teach this bitch the
meaning of the word respect"

Cassy comes round from her shocking ordeal to find herself forcibly bent
over an ancient looking bench. Her head and wrists secured in a pillory,
her ankles fastened through the stocks on the floor. The whole
contraption looked of medieval origin. The wooden panels were worn
smooth where her head and wrists fitted through, due to centuries of
victims skin chaffing against them. Her ankles are spread about 3ft
apart, locked tightly in the sturdy looking stocks that were padlocked
shut. Her shirt and bra had been removed, and the only clothing she wore
were her black nylons that had slightly wrinkled at the back of her knees.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After initially trying to pull her limbs free of the deviant
contraption, she starts to survey her surroundings. She is being held in
a small dimly lit dungeon, which is situated next to where Kimberley is
being abused. In the background she can hear raucous laughter booming
out as her friend is humiliated, over and over again. Anger and
frustration build up inside the teenager, the thought of what those pigs
were doing to the Colonel sickened her! That was no way a proud warrior
should end up, coughing and spluttering as she is force fed a diet of
cocks and semen!

Cassy had been locked in the Stocks and Pillory for about a hour, when
the howls of laughter and groans eventually died down from next door,
and she could hear those bastards leaving. Panic set in as she heard
them approaching her cell door but to her relief, they walk on by, still
boasting and laughing at what they had just done to the leader of the
fabled Angel team. Cassy once again tries to pull her wrists and ankles
free of the wooden panels and calls out to kimberley.

"Kimberley!.....Kimberley!.... Can you hear me?" She cries.

But there was no answer, she was either unconscious or dead! Cassy was
going to have to get out of this on her own. But no matter how hard she
pulled against her restraints she could not break free. The wooden
antique held firm as she fought against it in the dark and damp sinister
looking Dungeon. Although the position she was being held in left her
butt and pussy open for attack, compared to the way she was being held
upstairs she was in relative comfort. The wooden panels although
inescapable, did not have the same bite as the steel manacles, and due
to her being able to rest her weight on her stomach, her calfs were
given a much needed rest.

Cassy had just started to relax in her unbreakable bondage when the
dungeon door slowly creaked open. Cassy had been strategically placed
facing away from the door and with her head locked tightly in the
Pillory, was not able to see who was approaching from behind. While she
could not see who was behind her, she could hear full well. It appeared
to be a woman in tall stiletto's, her steps were tentative and
deliberate, almost as if she was struggling to actually walk, and this
drew Cassy to the conclusion that the Vixen had come to teach her a lesson.

"Is that you peg leg?...... I thought i told you and wrinkles to go fuck
yourselfs!" Sneers Cassy in a confident tone. But Cassy was petrified,
and shuffles from foot to foot in nervous anticipation of what her
tormentor had in store for her. Her mind starts racing as the thought of
the hook handed Vixen, abusing her exposed genitalia sickened her. But
it was not the Vixen who stood behind her!

Cassy listens intently as the woman walks slowly around to where her
head is secured and stands directly in front of the straining teen. She
looks the woman up and down and cannot believe what she see's! Standing
before her is Sammi! Once again she is wearing the highly uncomfortable
ballerina bondage boots and black sheer seamed stockings. Her neck is
fitted with a large collar, as are her wrists, and her nipples and clit
are still attached to the control chains. Her body is adorned with what
looks like some type of kinky swimming costume, various rings held
together with thin straps of black patent leather that dug into her
flesh. Her golden tan had long gone, and instead her skin was deathly
pale. Her long dark hair slicked back into a tight pony tail, her
luscious lips now coated with black lip stick. Were she had resembled
Megan fox, she now looked like an extra in a Marilyn Manson video!

"Sammi!......Thank fuck!........Quick get me out of this thing, before
they come back. They've got Kimberley next door, hurry!" Screams Cassy.

But Sammi stays silent and simply leans down and gently presses her
finger against Cassy's mouth, gesturing her to be quiet. Cassy's
confusion grows even greater, when instead of undoing the padlocks on
the contraption holding her so tightly in place. Sammi walks to her rear
and kneels down, then slowly starts to massage her aching calf muscles,
firmly kneading them between her thumb and index finger. Although
Sammi's fingers felt great, this was not the time for relaxation, and
Cassy felt more than a little uncomfortable, that her friends face was
so close to her naked pussy.

"Hey!......Quick fucking about and get me out of this thing!"

But Sammi stayed silent, as her hands slowly made their way up the back
of young Cassy's nylon clad legs. The teenagers discomfort grew with
every inch Sammi's fingers crept up, and every second she failed to
respond to her requests. By now she had stopped the massaging and was
gently stroking the tops of Cassy's thighs, where her Stockings
finished. Her fingers now tantalisingly close to her more intimate,
delicate parts. Cassy can now feel Sammi's hot breath gently blowing on
her sex and starts to pull against the Stocks that were holding her legs
so firmly in place, but it was no use! She wasn't going anywhere without
Sammi's help, and Sammi's odd behaviour was about to get a whole lot
stranger.

"Sammi stop acting weird and get me the fuck out of this thing! Hurry
they'll be back any minute!.................Urrrgghhhh! Oh fuck, what
the fuck do you think your doing?......Fuck!....Sammi stop it you
freak!" Screams Cassy as she starts bucking and jerking her body wildly.

Sammi had used her hands to part Cassy's tanned, toned butt cheeks even
further apart, and was gently rolling her tongue around her tight little
butt hole. Cassy cant believe what is happening to her, and tries in
vain to wiggle her butt out of Sammi's grasp, but the bench and Stocks
keep her bent over helpless, as the intimate tongue attack continues on
her puckered little hole. Cassy is filled with feeling's of both disgust
and fear as to what was happening to her. Sammi was more than a friend,
she was like her older sister! Cassy's eyes well up as she is overcome
with emotion as the woman who used to pick her up from high school, and
offer a shoulder to cry on when she had guy trouble, was now using her
tongue to clean her stickiest of holes.

By now Cassy was in hysterics, bent over helpless, sobbing
uncontrollably as the woman she regarded as her big sister, humiliated
her! Sammi's tongue had now slipped down to her tight little pussy and
was gently lapping away at it. She used her fingers to part her lips,
then furiously began to tongue her perfectly presented clitoris. Tears
of anger stream down the young Agents face hardly able to believe what
is happening to her. She had expected to be tortured and humiliated, but
this was worse! She continued to call out to Sammi, begging her to stop,
but Sammi couldn't!.........She dared not stop!

Before Sammi had entered the Dungeon, Zelda had summoned her to her
office. Sammi was allowed to roam the castle free. As stated before,
each room and corridor was monitored by cctv, and her every move was
watched 24 hours a day. Sammi had to obey whatever she was ordered to
do, or her Stinger was remotely activated. The pain was simply
unbearable, during her week at Wolf-castle she had lost count at how
many times it had been activated. She was forced to do the most
disgusting things imaginable on a daily basis. Over the course of the
week they had slowly broke the spirit of the young woman. But Zelda and
The Vixen wanted nothing less than total and utter humiliation for her
and her team! And they used Sammi's and Cassy's friendship to their
advantage.

Sammi had been told that she had exactly 20 minutes to bring her young
friend to a shuddering orgasm! Failure to complete this task would
result in not only herself receiving a great deal of pain, but Cassy
suffering agonizing pain too. But as a devilish twist she was told under
no circumstances was she to communicate with Cassy! She was to enter the
Dungeon and use nothing but her finger's and tongue to pleasure the
helpless teen. Sammi was distraught at what they were making her do, but
she had no choice. She had to make Cassy cum!

Sammi had been lapping away furiously for 15 minutes, hoping against
hope, for Cassy to start to give out tell tale signs of an impending
orgasm. But all she could hear, was her friend whimpering away begging
her to stop. During her enforced stay at Wolf-castle she had licked
pussy on a daily basis, and every single one, tasted a thousand times
more unpleasant, than Cassy's sweet smelling pussy, but this sickened
her the most! Not be able to tell her friend, why she was doing what she
was doing was like a dagger in her heart.

Sammi was now into the final 2 minutes of her allotted time, and tears
had now started to stream down her face as she began to realize that her
time was almost up. She was not going to be able to save her friend from
the terrible abuse that was promised, and she was overwhelmed with
guilt. As a final desperate attempt to gain a response, she starts to
flick her tongue at almost super sonic speed on Cassy's slowly
stiffening bud. But its to little to late and as the buzzer sounds
signalling that her time had ran out, her Stinger is remotely activated
rendering her unconscious once again.



Printed: 07-Mar-2011, 19:21

Report generated with yWriter5 � 2011 Spacejock Software
&lt;http://www.spacejock.com&gt;














&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE FALLEN ANGEL PART 4
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE FALLEN ANGEL PART 4 


* * *



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi slumps to the floor coming to rest to the rear of Cassy, as a whisper of smoke rises from her frazzled sex. Once again the Stinger had done its job, reducing one of the worlds top spies to nothing more than a dungeon gimp. Cassy continues to whimper away in a confused state, trying to figure out what the hell had just happened. During her short stint as an Angel Agent she had experienced some pretty surreal moments, but being tongue raped by a woman she considered to be her older sister topped the lot.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy continues to call out to Sammi in a desperate attempt to awaken her from her pain induced sleep, but it was no use, the Stinger had stung! Sammi just lay there in silence, the only noise comes from the thin patent leather straps that adorn her body, straining as her chest rises and falls with each breath. Sammi had been squeezed into her ridiculously tight costume over 5 days ago. For 5 long days her legs had been crammed into the nylon and leather prisons that shod her feet. The thin leather straps of her kinky costume painfully parted her sex and dug deep into her flesh. Sammi not only acted like the dungeon gimp, she looked the part too!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not long before the two girls are joined in the dreaded dungeon by a third party, however this guest had the girls at a disadvantage as she was neither unconscious or restrained. The dungeon door creaks open and a familiar cackling laugh breaks out from the doorway, its was Zelda! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha Ha! Whats the matter spy, did i disturb you and Miss Walsh's little party? You looked like you were enjoying yourself there, slut! Would you like me to finish what Miss Walsh started?" Sneers the now latex clad Zelda as she swaggers towards the helpless teen.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What have you done to her, you sick old hag?" Screams Cassy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Nothing permanent my dear! Just a little tool we like to use to teach obedience in the Dungeon. We have many tools we like to use to train new slaves and believe me child! You will get to know them intimately during your long stay at Wolf-Castle. Hey! You really do have a smart ass don't you spy!" Says Zelda as she steps over the prone Sammi and drops a bag of sex toys on the floor next to where Cassys ankles are secured. Cassy winces as Zelda pour's the contents of a bottle of lubricant onto the small of her back and lets the cool liquid run down the crack of her butt. She gasps as Zelda starts to use her finger to run the lube gently around the rim of her twitching butt hole, then slowly help's ease the liquid into the groaning teens rectum. Cassy bucks and pulls against the Stocks and Pillory as Zelda first uses one finger, then two, then three to abuse the Agents aching butt hole. Zelda's intrusive fingers sink deeper and deeper into the young spy, slowly slipping in and out of the well lubed hole. Cassy is speechless with shock as to what is happening to her, and is stretched to breaking point as the sadistic German slips another finger up her ever widening hole. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy's quick wit and sharp tongue were literally coming back to bite her on the ass, as Zelda continues her incredibly painful attack on her rectal passage. She hops and shuffles from foot to foot as Zelda slips her thumb into her sex and starts to make claw like pinching movements with her buried hand, as if she were picking up a bowling ball. The pain is simply unbearable as Zelda pinches harder and harder, making poor Cassy pay for verbally abusing her upstairs. Her long talon like nails make the ordeal all the more horrendous for the young spy as they dig deep into her delicate flesh. She cries out begging for mercy but that just seems to encourage her tormentor even more as she furiously claws away at poor Cassy's rear end.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Whats the matter poppet! Cat got your tongue? You normally have something clever to say, don't you spy?" Hisses Zelda as she forces her fingers even deeper into the teenager's rectum, forcing lube to spray out and slowly run down the back of her stocking clad thighs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Arrrgghhh! Bitch, you fucking sick bitch i swear to fucking god, Arrrggghhhh! Sammi help me! Pleeeease" Cries Cassy. But Sammi was still out cold, and Cassy was completely at the mercy of Zelda's evil fingers. Up until that point Zelda had only used one hand to abuse the teen, but that was about to change. Cassy groans once more, as Zelda starts to use her free hand to massage the lube into the folds of her sex. As with her rectum, one finger slides up, then two, then three till finally Cassy is impaled on Zelda's fists. The pain is simply excruciating as the cruel German begins to pump her fists back and forth, furiously clawing away deep inside poor Cassy's writhing body as if she was a sadistic puppeteer. The 'machine like' pumping continues for about 10 minutes, till Zelda collapses exhausted on the floor as her hands slowly slip out of Cassy's slippery holes. She lays on the floor next to the still unconscious Sammi, panting and wheezing trying to regain her breath after the rigorous fisting session. Cassy just whimpers away, unable to speak due to the shock as to what had just happened to her. She had never known such cruelty, she had experienced pain and humiliation like never before. No amount of training could have prepared her for what the vindictive Zelda had done to her. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; While Cassy was having the worst day of her life, Zelda in contrast, was in lesbian heaven. In the space of 24 hours, 3 of the worlds most beautiful women had been hers to use and abuse. She had got to act out all her deepest most depraved fantasy's on the helpless Angel agents. She sits up and her eyes scan over her two magnificent prizes. To her right is Sammi, gently breathing as her chest strains against her restrictive costume. To her left is Cassy, still trying to pull her ankles through the stocks in a futile attempt to break free. Zelda's bud starts to stiffen as she watches the teenagers toned legs fighting against the restraints, her black stockings clinging to every curve as lubricant leaks out of her sticky holes and makes its way down her long legs towards her dainty feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda had changed out of her body stocking and had slipped on a black latex cat suit complimented with a pair of spike heeled ankle boots. Cassy's jibes about her sagging breasts must have struck a nerve with the older woman, as the cat suit was not as risque as the previous outfit she wore. There were no revealing panels cut away, much to her dismay as she began to get excited watching young Cassy's struggles. Zelda sat there frustrated, rubbing her crotch cursing the decision to wear the one piece suit unable to relieve herself of her sexual urges. However it is not long before she takes out her frustrations on poor Cassy. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda rises to her feet and walks round to where Cassy's head and wrists are secured in the pillory. Although the two women had been together in the dungeon for some time now, this was the first time they had been face to face since the holding cell upstairs, where Cassy was less than complementary about Zelda's fading looks.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmm, that's much better! I seem to have wiped that cocky smile from your face Miss Clark!" Says Zelda, as she bends down and starts to gently stroke Cassy's beautiful tear stained face. "Now my dear it is time for your interrogation! I am going to ask you a series of questions concerning national security, starting with your 16 digit Angel access code, and i warn you Miss Clark! Failure to answer my questions correctly will result in me returning to your rear end, with my special trolley over there!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy glances over towards the trolley in horror. On it, lay an array of medical instruments that looked still dirty from the last time they were used. There was a selection of vaginal and rectal clamps sitting beside rows of scalpel's and probes. The whole trolley was a tribute to pain and suffering, and Cassy was beginning to regret antagonizing Zelda, who took great delight in wheeling the dreaded trolley towards her. Cassy stayed silent and watches on in disgust as Zelda picks up a speculum and began to use her tongue to clean the sinister looking device, still stained with Sammi's stale and sticky cunt juices. Cassy never takes her eyes of her evil tormentor as she rolls her tongue around the cold steel of the large intrusive clamp, and her toes curl at the thought of the filthy instrument being forced into her body sickened her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Unlike Sammi's interrogation, Zelda was not really interested in whether she managed to obtain Cassy's access code or not. Cassy's security clearance was not high enough to be of any use to any foreign agencies, so the breaking of Miss Clark was considered to be just a bit of fun for Zelda. After cleaning the Speculum, the German picks up a rectal clamp and Cassy's heart sinks as both objects are taken to her rear. Her legs begin to tremble as her stockings are peeled down to below her knees and she listens intently as Zelda begins to rummage around in her bag of sex toys.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Get away from me you freak!" Screams Cassy as tears once again begin to form and stream down from her beautiful blue eyes. Cassy is terrified and this time she is not able to hide her emotions from Zelda. Being abused with tongues and fingers was one thing, being abused with scalpel's and clamps was a different thing all together. Cassy winces as the Speculum is slowly slid up her well lubed sex, she then grimaces in pain as it is opened up, forcing her Vagina to dilate by 3 inches. Although the pain is not that great compared to the fisting session she had just endured, it was what was to come what terrified her most.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Its not long before poor Cassy's legs buckle as the next clamp is slid into her body, this time it is the rectal clamp that causes the discomfort. Zelda carefully adjusts it, creating a golf ball sized hole allowing a tantalizing look deep into the American girls bowels. Cassy just hangs her head in silence trying to come to terms with what was happening to her body. Zelda now had the young spy exactly where she wanted her, and more importantly she had the young spies clit exactly where she wanted it, exposed and ready for abuse. Zelda had not forgotten how Cassy ridiculed her upstairs and she intended to take her revenge on young Cassy's delicate bud, whether she talked or not.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmm, your access code, Miss Clark! Give it to me!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Urrrggghhhh, fuck you bitch! I ain't telling you shit!" Comes Cassy's reply, as once again she bucks wildly against the ancient wooden contraption holding her so firmly in place.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I was hoping you would say that! Now lets see if i can change your mind."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda marches towards where Cassy's head and wrists where secured and drags the trolley out of sight to her rear. Panic starts to descent on the helpless teen as the old saying 'out of sight, out of mind' just didn't ring true in this instance. She positions herself directly behind Cassy's gaping holes and picks her tool of choice from the dreaded trolley. She picks up a harmless looking probe about 6 inches in length, chrome of finish and begins to slide the blunted tip of it, in and out of her spread open sex. Cassy winces with each stroke as the probe entered her body. She stays silent waiting in nervous anticipation as to what Zelda had planned for her, she does not have to wait long to find out.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The sliding action soon stops as Zelda pulls the probe clear of Cassy's sex and hovers it above her clitoris, pausing for a moment before delivering its painful bite. Zelda clicks a switch and the probe springs into life as an arc of electricity shoots out of the end and begins to dance on Cassy's delicate bud. The pain is simply excruciating as Cassy gasps in horror as to what is happening to her. The smell of burning flesh soon fills the dungeon air, and the American shakes violently in her bondage, unable to break free as she starts screaming for mercy. But Zelda's cruel attack continued as she passes the destructive arc over her most delicate areas before finally inserting it down her rectum.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you feel like talking yet my dear?" Sneers Zelda as she starts to make circular movements with the probe, much the same way you would stir your spoon in a cup of coffee.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Arrgghhhhh! Wait, wait pleeeease! I'll talk, please stop." Begs Cassy, her body contorting and squirming in the fiendish device that had her trapped so tightly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well my pretty! What is it you would like to tell me?" Hisses Zelda, as a devious smile broke across her face.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I I I would just like to say! That your a fucking ugly old dinosaur and i ain't telling you shit! Now go and fuck yourself droopy tits!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda has no reply, and shows no emotion! She just forces the probe further down Cassy's rectum and releases it. Cassy's screams echo through the dungeon walls as she tries to shake the probe free as her lower intestines begin to burn. Zelda then picks up the tool they called 'The Wand' and began to dab it on her exposed clit. The red hot tip makes a hissing sound as it comes into contact with the helpless teens most sensitive of places. Cassy's eyes start to roll and she starts to slump as the pain becomes unbearable. She is about to pass out when the inter-com buzzer starts sounding furiously for Zelda to contact control.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What is it you fools? Can't you see am busy with a prisoner! Screams Zelda at the surveillance camera that was watching her every move.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Have you ever thought that just maybe they were trying to warn you, that there was a mighty pissed, un-restrained Angel Agent stood behind you Miss Wilderstein!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wha, What?" Stutters Zelda as she reaches down towards the bag of sex toys.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Looking for this! Bitch!" Sneered the now conscious Sammi with her Stingers remote control placed firmly in her hand. Zelda does not even get a chance to answer before Sammi plants her booted foot hard across her face knocking her out instantly. She then picks up a nearby set of bolt cutters and gets to work on the padlocks holding her young friend in place. Cassy gasps as the final lock is removed and she falls away from the bench, slumping exhausted on the floor next to Zelda. Cassy just lay there sobbing, before reaching down and pulling the intrusive instruments from her aching body. Sammi on the other hand had only one thing on her mind, revenge!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For the last seven days Sammi had been Zelda's personal play-thing! For seven long days she had been made to pleasure and obey the sadistic Zelda and her cronies on a daily basis. Sammi stands above her un-conscious tormenter, her feet astride of her lifeless head, never taking her eyes off the security camera that was watching her every move. Sammi knew full well, Zeldas friends would be watching, and stands triumphantly above her defeated foe, before delivering her 'coup de grace'. She lifts her foot up sharply, before bringing the long stilettoed heel of her ballerina boot crashing down on Zelda's eye socket, killing her instantly.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now that's what i call fucking poetic justice! She screams at the camera, as she pull's her boot free from Zelda's skull. Cassy get your shit together, we're getting out of this dump!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Zelda had made a deadly error! Under no circumstances were the Stinger and the remote control, ever to be in the same room together. Zelda knew this but had grew complacent forgetting what Sammi was, a trained killer! Something both the Doctor and The Vixen had warned her about, and she had paid for her mistake with her life. Sammi sits on the floor and starts to pull at the laces of her blooded boots. She knew she didn't have long before dozens of armed guards descended on her and Cassy, and the boots would slow her down. Cassy gingerly rises to her feet before looking down at Zelda's lifeless body and spitting upon it. Cassy had wanted to make Zelda suffer for what she had done to her, but time was of the essence and she understood why Sammi had to kill her quickly. Sammi eventually pulls her boots free and groans with relief, as she starts to flex and stretch her ankles and toes. She had been forced to wear the highly uncomfortable bondage boots for five pain laden days, and her feet had become numb and unresponsive.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy helps pick Sammi up as she struggles to stand. Her sweat drenched, stocking clad feet drag along the dungeon floor, as the two girls make their way next door to free the Colonel from her dreadful bondage, but unbeknown to them, the Colonel was gone! Colonel Kimberley Jones was now the Doctors special guest in his surgery! And was about to begin her descent into hell! 


* * *


ANGEL BREAK-OUT 


* * *


Kimberley awakens naked and strapped to the infamous 'Table of truth,' or at least a variation of it. As she slowly comes round from the strong sedative she had been given by her Columbian tormentors, she began to scan her surrounding. Although her field of vision is limited due to the panel her head is secured through, she can see well enough to realize she is in some type of surgery, and a whole lot of trouble. The walls and floor are white and sterile, and there are various trolleys and Tables finished in chrome and stainless steel. Her eyes strain as they come to terms with the blindingly bright lights that illuminated the large, cold room. Dotted on the wall in front of her is a collection of framed photograph's and certificates, but she was to far away and still to groggy to see if she recognised any of the faces that adorned the walls.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After scanning the room she began to test her bonds, gently rolling her wrists and ankles against the thick leather straps, holding her so tightly in place. She is being held in exactly the same way Sammi had been secured, in the highly uncomfortable splits position, with her wrists secured about 3 ft apart and pulled up high behind her back, forcing her chest to leave the cold hard table. The table only varied slightly from the contraption that had held Sammi so tightly in place by a few minor details. Where the table in the dungeon had a ancient, medieval look to it, this had a far more sinister autopsy feel to it. Although the same in basic design, the table top which she lay on, had various strategically placed drain holes upon it. There was also power points dotted along the side paneling of the stainless steel finished table,and the table top had a slight edge to it which would stop any liquids leaking from it, to the spotlessly clean white tiled floor below.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley lay there struggling and straining on the table, pulling against her restraints as the doctor sat to her rear in complete silence. The American had been cleaned up before being strapped to the table, and was back to looking her best. The front of her blond mane had been tied up and pulled back into a small pony tail, allowing a good look at her beautiful face, while the rest of her hair hung down covering her ears, gently coming to rest on the table top below. As with Sammi, her head is secured about 6 inches from the table by the steel panel which her neck is placed in. The steel panel had two main functions, the first being to keep the prisoners head exactly where the interrogator wanted it, the second being to limit the prisoners field of view. Kimberley knew she wasn't getting off the table without help, she also knew help was unlikely to arrive any time soon. The fate of the whole Angel team rested on her ability to resist against the man widely regarded as the worlds best interrogator.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Although kimberley had been captured and tortured many times before, this was by far the most terrified she had been in her whole life. In the past she could always count on her fellow Angels coming to her rescue, but this time she was going to have to get out of this mess on her own. As soon as she awoke with her legs splayed wide open, she knew which part of her body would be receiving special treatment. Her legs had been stretched to perfection as the Doctor continued to sit there in silence, visually inspecting his prize. Kimberley was totally unaware of his presence and continues to fight and pull against her restraints. The Doctor watches on as her toned legs twitch and pull in the inescapable bondage. Minute, wispy blond hairs on her buttocks and inner thighs stand to attention, as the cool air causes her bronzed skin to come out in sexy goose pimples. Her breasts hang down towards the table shrunken from the intense milking session she had to endure, her nipples elongated to about an inch in length, due to the powerful suction cups that had been attached while draining her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; During the Doctors long and distinguished career, as first a gynecologist then deviant interrogator he had inspected, examined, and abused thousands of women's vaginas on a daily basis. However not one of them came close to matching the beauty of what lay before him. He thought Sammi's spread out sex was a work of art, but he is simply blown away by kimberley's tight little pussy. As with Sammi's, there was no pigment discoloration on the skin that surrounded her most delicate of areas. Her labia was unbelievably neat and tidy, almost as if it had never seen a cock in its life. The tip of her clit poked ever so slightly from under her prominent hood, creating an inviting target for the Doctor to abuse. But what set Kimberley's sex apart from any other he had seen, was the lack of pubic hair. There was no unsightly shaving cuts or waxing rashes, just an ever so slight line of dark hair rising from above her clit, about an inch and a half in length, cut in the Brazilian fashion.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Although the Doctor did gain pleasure from working on the genitalia of helpless young women, it was not sexual gratification he gained. The Doctor had not known sexual pleasure for over 10 years now, ever since an Angel team led by the young Alison Dearing captured and tortured him in one of their play-rooms. The Doctor had been working freelance for the Chinese goverment when one night he was bundled into the back of a van by Dearing and her team. He was taken to a nearby play-room and was stripped and hung by his wrists for days while Dearing led the interrogation. The Doctor was originally from East Germany but spent most of his career working in Russia for the K.G.B and it was details of his time spent there what Dearing wanted. After 3 days of abuse the Doctor eventually told the Angels what they wanted to know, but not before the late Alison Dearing castrated the helpless Doctor and laughed in his face while casually tossing his severed penis and scrotum to the side. The Doctor was released and vowed revenge, and many years later with The Vixens help he managed to take his revenge on every single Agent involved in his horrific torture.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Doctor had been sat watching Kimberley struggle on the table for about half an hour, when he leans forward till his nose is barely an inch from her sex. He takes in the sweet aroma for several minutes before making his presence felt by gently blowing on her most intimate of areas. Kimberley pauses from fighting against her bonds as the Doctor continues to blow upon her vulnerable sex. Her mind races not knowing what the hell was happening to her, and what the strange sensation was. Its only when the Doctor coughs does she realize she is not alone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wha, What! Who's there? What are you doing to me you freak, show yourself!" She stammers, as she starts to pull wildly once again against her restraints in a futile attempt to break free.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Conserve your energy child. your going to need it!" Replies the Doctor as he starts to make his way towards kimberley's head.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who the fuck are you? And what the fuck do you want from me?" Sneers the American, as the Doctor came into view and takes a seat in front of her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stop it with the games, Miss Jones! You know exactly what i want! You can save yourself a lot of unnesessary pain an suffering by revealing to me your 16 digit access code!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'll say this slowly so you understand! Go and fuck yourself baldy-locks, i ain't telling you shit!" Says Kimberley, her voice trembling with hate and defiance, while flashing an icy stare at her German tormentor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I was hoping you would say that!" Replies the Doctor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Meanwhile down stairs the guards were like lambs to the slaughter, as they descended on Sammi and Cassy's position. The two women had quickly disarmed the first wave of guards that had attacked them, and now not only were they free of bondage, but they were armed too. The sound of gun fire echoed through the castle walls as the girls turned the tables on their tormentors. The guards are no match for the highly trained Angel agents as they began their search for the Colonel, ruthlessly cutting down anyone who got in their way. The two girls decide to make their way to the castles control room. Sammi knew they would be able to de-activate the cctv system from there, taking away the Vixens tactical advantage over them. Sammi was also hoping that she may find some clues as to where the Colonel had been taken.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy is still naked apart from her black stockings, and Sammi is still squeezed into her highly uncomfortable bondage costume, as they make their way towards the control room, meeting heavy resistance along the way. The two girls move quickly and silently along the dark corridors trying to keep out of the camera's view, but they eventually get pinned down by gun fire close to their target. The bullets ricochet off the walls around their heads as the guards make a desperate last stand outside the control room. They knew as well as the Angels knew, who ever controlled the control room, controlled Wolf-Castle, and were not letting it go without a fight.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Cassy! Think you could fit through that vent up there?" Screams Sammi above the gun fire.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yeah, piece of cake! Why?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "The other end of it comes out behind the guards! We'll be able to out flank them! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ok! Cover me." Says Cassy as she jumps up cat like, towards the vent and quickly disappears down it. Sammi sends a barrage of machine gun fire down towards the guards, then ducks down as it is returned with interest. The guards continue to pepper Sammi's position with gun fire as she waits for the deadly Cassy to strike. She does not have to wait long! One by one the guards slump to the floor as Cassy puts a bullet into each of their heads from behind. They didn't even see her coming, she just stealthily crept upon them and terminated them with 5 deadly shots. She calmly walks past the 5 lifeless bodies and make-shift barricade they had erected, and whistled to Sammi. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sammi you can come out now! They're all dead" She shouts, as smoke billows from the end of her gun. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Young Cassy was beginning to enjoy herself. These were the missions she loved! Running round killing bad guys was what she was trained to do. She hated the espionage side of the job with a passion! Cassy Clark wanted to know her enemy and kill them, she did not want to know her enemy and have to sleep with them to gain their trust. Sammi slowly walks up the corridor towards Cassy, who is casually leaning against the control room door, fixing her stockings waiting for her. Sammi is still struggling to walk as her feet come to terms with being free of the dreaded boots, and eventually joins her outside the control room. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well! what took you so long?" Says Sammi, as she playfully shrugs her shoulders and shakes her head in an inquisitive manner.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, you know! I thought i'd give you time to catch up, since your no spring chicken any more!" Came the reply.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oooh, good answer! Well then, youth before beauty! You can go in first!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No thanks! The last time you were behind me, you stuck your tongue up my ass!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't push it Clark! Or i'll put my foot up your ass next time, and see how you like that!" Sneers Sammi as she barges past into the control room, clearly riled by Cassy's jibe.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two girls start searching for Kimberley using the cctv system to track her down. The room is full of monitors watching every room in the castle, and the girls start to study them one by one. The castle seems to be deserted, most of the guards are either dead or have run away leaving the path clear to find Kimberley and get the 'hell otta dodge'. The girls scan through every camera in every room but its no use, they cant seem to find her anywhere. They started to wonder whether she was still alive at all, when they hear a whimper coming from under the table. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Get the fuck out of there now!" Screams Sammi pointing her gun at the table from where the noise was coming from.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wait! Wait! Don't shoot, am just the Janitor. I heard the gun fire and hid in here! please i beg you don't shoot!" Whimpers a small, weedy man as he crawls from under the table. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two girls tower above the frail looking man like a pair of Amazons. He just stands there trembling as they look him up and down trying to determine whether or not he is telling the truth. He looked to be in his late forties, about 5ft 2 in height and no more than 110 lbs with blond hair that flopped over his geeky looking spectacles.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Cassy! Take your stockings off and use them to tie our friend here to that chair. I have a few questions for Mr Janitor that i need answering!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy takes the man by his tie and leads him over to the awaiting chair, and sits him down. She then uses his knee to rest her foot on, and slowly peels her stockings off, never taking her eyes off him. Sammi keeps her gun firmly pointed at him as Cassy pulls his arms around the back of the chair and uses one of her stockings to tie his wrists together. The man is terrified and starts to mumble away in his native German tongue as Cassy decides to straddle him from the front, his face coming to rest by her chest. Sammi began to circle him and the two girls start the 'good cop bad, cop routine' on him. Cassy starts to grind her naked crotch against his groin, while leaning forward gently kissing and whispering into the frightened mans ears. Sammi began screaming at him and angrily poking him with her gun. The two girls quickly reduce the meek man to tears, as Sammi continued to berate him.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Where's the Colonel you weasel? I know you fucking know, so don't bull shit me! Where is she? She screams while jabbing him with her gun aggressively.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I I I don't know! Please i am just here to clean the floors, and change the light bulbs. Please! I beg you don't hurt me, Zelda and Helga tell me nothing! I I am not even allowed down into the Dungeons!" He cries.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "We don't want to hurt you honey! We just want to find our friend! And if you help us, we'll be very grateful! Mmmm your cute!" Whispers Cassy in hushed baby tones, as she starts to slowly unbutton the mans trousers. The man bow's his head in shame, as Cassy pulls them down to his ankles. She then kneels before him and starts rubbing his thighs, her hands getting closer to his crotch with each sensual stroke. Never taking her eyes off him as she seductively bites her bottom lip. Sammi watches on in amusement as Cassy turns the terrified man into a gibbering wreck, playing with him like a cat would play with a mouse.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Come on baby just tell us what you know! Or my nasty friend back there, is going to do nasty things to you!" Purr's Cassy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please no! Please. All i know, was that i was not allowed into two places in the whole Castle! The Dungeon! And the Doctors surgery. That's all i know i beg you please, don't hurt me!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fuck! That evil bastard has her! Cassy we need to find her right now! The Colonel is in deep trouble, bring him with us he's going to show us exactly where that bastards surgery is!" 


* * *


THE REUNION 


* * *



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Aaaarrrggghhh!" Screams Kimberley as the Doctor places her last remaining toe nail between the jaws of his chrome finished pliers and begins to pull hard. He has a sadistic grin on his face, as the nail first lifts, then rips free of her now blooded foot. As with the previous nine, he places the nail in military fashion in front of the helpless Agent who just lay there groaning, unable to resist the Doctor's abuse in any way shape or form. The table of truth had her exactly where the Doctor wanted her, and her body now belonged to him and his deviant tools, and there was nothing she could do about it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Feel like talking yet my dear?" Inquires the Doctor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Am not telling you nothing, you sick bastard! So you might as well just kill me now!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha ha! Many nasty things are going to happen to you my child, however i can assure you, dying will not be one of them! The Vixen has paid extra money for you to be kept alive! We both know its only a matter of time before i break you, its just a question of how much pain you will spend that time in, and i predict a lot of pain for you my pretty! Now lets see if you can resist my pain pins."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley's heart sinks as the Doctor retrieves a tray of what look like acupuncture needles from the nearby table. He then takes great delight in showing them to the terrified spy, before disappearing out of sight to her rear end. The needles are about 6 inches in length, and she knew exactly where they were going. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She tries to concentrate and remember her training she learned as a cadet. But nothing she learned at Palomar could have prepared her for just how depraved her tormentor was. And as she tried to mentally transport herself to a warm, happy place! The Doctor brings her crashing back down to the dreaded table.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Uuurrrgggghhh noooo!" She gasps, as her eyes start flickering wildly, as she flirts with unconsciousness from the excruciating pain that was emanating from between her legs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The cruel Doctor had forced one of his pain pins into the side of her mound, where her leg met her body. The Doctor knew exactly where to attack for maximum effect and Kimberley was helpless as he repeated the process on her other side. This time she makes no sound, she just gasps in horror as to what is happening to her. Her eyes well up, as the frustration and pain get the better of her, as he continues his depraved attack upon her. If the first two needles pushed the hapless Angel to her limit, the next two send her flying past it. The Doctor uses his fingers to part her lips and pauses for a moment before slowly sliding his next needle up her urethra. Kimberley starts shaking violently in her bonds, her head rocks from side to side, her mouth gaping! As the evil Doctors needle pierces her bladder, causing a trickle of urine to leak out along it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Your access code Miss Jones give it to me. Give it to me now!" Snarls the Doctor in a menacing tone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fuck you!" Came the reply. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "How long to you think you can last Miss Jones? A day, a week, a month? I will keep you on this fucking table for a year if necessary! You will tell me what i want to know spy!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley again screams in pain as the Doctor slowly forces the 4th needle into her Perineum. The pain is simply horrendous and for the first time during her stay at Wolf-castle does she start thinking that she won't be able to hold out. But the Doctor and his pain pins are not finished with her yet. The evil Doctor forces another eight needles in all, into Kimberley's straining, writhing body as she just lay there screaming for mercy. Two are painfully forced into each of her feet. Pushed down between her toes till they reappeared by her heels. The rest were reserved for her breasts, by the time the Doctor had finished, Kimberley resembled a pin cushion.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I think its time we had a little break Miss Jones!" Declared the Doctor as he removed his latex gloves as he heads for the door. Leaving Kimberley alone to contemplate her fate. However she is not left alone for long!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The young spy lay there sobbing in agony when she hears a familiar voice mocking her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh dear Kimberley you look a mess! Hope you dont mind, i borrowed your boots! Mmmm, Prada, excellent choice! Just my size too!" It was Alexa, and she was looking very pleased with herself as she approached Kimberley with her hands behind her back.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You double crossing ginger troll! You have better pray i don't get out of this, cos believe me slut! What they do to me, will seem like child's play compared to what am going to do to you!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha ha! Have you any idea how pathetic your threats sound, while your strapped on that table. Have you any idea what that sick bastard back there has planned for you! I almost feel guilty about turning you in, now i know what is going to happen to you!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You fucking, ugly ginger bitch i swear to god i'll!" Screams kimberley's, as she spits at her tormentor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You'll do what? Spit at me? Face it Jones, your beaten and anyway i haven't come here to argue with you!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Then what did you come here for bitch?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "A make-over of course, silly!" Smiles Alexa as she produces a pair of scissors and clippers from behind her back.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Alexa leans forward and starts snipping away maniacally at Kimberley's beautiful blond mane, as she tries to roll her head away in a hopeless attempt to avoid the unscheduled hair cut. This just seems to encourage Alexa more as she continues snipping away, as the surgery fills with the sound of her hysterical laughter. Kimberley eventually stops struggling and just hangs her head in shame, as her locks fall to the table below, landing on her removed toe nails. All that remains of her once glorious mane, is a boyish, scruffy mess which as a final humiliating act, Alexa shaves off till she is completely bald.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now bitch, what have you got to say about that!" Hisses Alexa as she strokes kimberleys newly cropped hair. "Red hair doesn't seem that bad after all, does it?"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fuck you!" whispers Kimberley unable to look Alexa in the eye no more.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha ha! Now i must dash, i have got a plane to catch, and a whole lot of cash burning a hole in my pocket! Turning you in was a very lucrative deal for me, and a very pleasurable experience at that. But before i go i want to show you something! A little glimpse of your future, if you will!" Alexa turns on her heels and marches over to the wall that was adorned with the photos, and chooses a specific one. She returns to Kimberley throwing it down in front of her, landing on her shorn hair and nails.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alison said hello, bitch!" She then turns on her heels once more leaving Kimberley alone with the photo.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh god, oh please no!" She cries, as once more she starts to thrash wildly against the restraints in a futile attempt to escape the harsh bondage that she was trapped in. Kimberley knew she had to break free, because before her was a picture of her friend and mentor, Colonel Alison Dearing! She was attached to the very table that she was being held on, and looked in a great deal of pain. But it what was below the picture that frightened her the most! Spread out almost like the jaws of a trophy shark, were her surgically removed pussy lips and clitoris, and below them were her nipples! Where she had thought the wall in front of her was just full of harmless pictures of old work colleagues and friends of the Doctor. It was in fact his trophy wall, full of pictures of missing in action Angel Agents, and their genitalia!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Meanwhile down in the bowels of the castle Sammi and Cassy were on route to hopefully rescue the Colonel from her terrible fate. They were following the directions of their little friend they had picked up along the way, and he was coming with the girls whether he liked it or not. His wrists were still bound behind his back with cassy's stocking, and his trousers where still down by his ankles. But as a final humiliating twist Cassy had tied her remaining stocking around his scrotum tightly, and was pulling him along behind her as if she was walking a dog. He shuffles behind slowly, unable to walk properly due to his downed trousers and Cassy tries to hurry him along by yanking on her stocking, painfully pulling his scrotum towards her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Why are you doing this to me? I have done nothing wrong! I beg you to let me go, i have told you where his surgery is!" Whimpers the man.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Shut it fagot! Your coming with us, quit your moaning or i'll pull your balls clean off! Now tell us where the fuck we go now, Worm!" Sneers Cassy as she tugs on her stocking, her demeanure totally changed from the control room where she spoke in such hushed tones towards the frightened man.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Its down there through the doors, please i beg you, your hurting me!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "We'll release you when we get our friend back, now calm the fuck down!" Says Sammi, as she creeps down the corridor, her gun cocked, ready for action. Cassy follows behind, painfully pulling her prisoner along by his testicles. Sammi enters through a door way into a large circular room that almost seemed out of place in the medieval castle. The floor was cold and made of steel and the walls were smooth of finish, with a large full length mirror situated to Sammi's right as she walked in. The room seemed a lot more modern than the previous rooms she had been in, during her week long stay at Wolf-castle. But Sammi thought nothing off it as she gestures to Cassy to follow her in.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey fagot! Whats your proper name by the way? Inquires Cassy, as she drags her prisoner into the room, wincing as the cold steel comes in contact with her bare feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "My friends call me Gunther! However you can call me Master!" Sammis ears prick up immediately, and she turns round sharply towards Cassy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Cassy its a trap, get the fuck out of here!" She screams, but it was to late, as the thick steel doors thunder down, trapping the two girls in the strange room. A faint buzzing sound starts to resonate from the floor and Cassys long hair starts to rise as the room fills with static electricity. Sammi runs for the door and tries to kick it down, while Cassy tries doing the same to the other door. Both girls are in a blind panic and then start to fire at the full length mirror, as the buzzing sound grew louder with each passing second. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ooowww! What the fuck, the floors electrified! Aaaarrghhh!" Screams Sammi as the two girls drop their weapons, and start to hop round the room, like a pair of cats on a hot tin roof. They skip around looking for a sanctuary to rest their feet as the pain becomes unbearable. As they hop from foot to foot, they both turn to Gunther with the same idea, to rip his shoes from his feet, or to kick him down and use him as a foot stool, but he had disappeared. The Girls were all alone and they were getting tired! They continue to claw at the walls trying in vane to escape the devious trap that had been set for them. Its not long before their legs grow heavier and heavier, and their feet spend more time with the electrified floor as they began to tire. The two girls bodies glisten, with a lick of sweat as they fight the inevitable. Sammi's control chains swing from her body as her legs start to buckle and eventually she falls exhausted onto the floor where she starts convulsing in the foetus position. Cassy lasts about a minute longer before she can hop no more, and falls to the floor where she is quickly rendered unconscious by the strong electric current pulsing through her body.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two girls lay there unconscious their bodies still jolting slightly. When the heavy steel door in front of them retracts up, and they are joined in the room by Helga and the devious Gunther. During the girls blind panic he had managed to escape the room via a small, hidden trap door, leaving the girls alone for their last dance. Helga is wearing a thick pair of rubber soled boots, and matching rubber gloves as she starts to circle the downed Angels. Helga takes a special interest in Sammi, and uses her booted foot to kick her onto her back. Helga had just watched Sammi murder her lover and long time friend Zelda, and was consumed by rage towards the young Angel Agent.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Come into my parlour, said the spider to the fly! Am going to make sure the Doctor makes you suffer my dear! In fact am going to help him make you suffer. Hmmm! If you would have kept your boots on like i told you to, you wouldn't be in this mess would you spy? Hows that for fucking poetic justice! Guards take them to the doctor!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sammi and Cassy finally come round to find themselves trapped in the Doctors surgery, and for the first time since Pakistan the three girls are reunited, however it could not be under worse circumstances. Sammi finds herself ball gagged, and trapped on a table of truth, opposite Kimberley in a mirror image. She is still dressed in her seamed stockings and highly uncomfortable bondage costume, and is in agony due to the sustained electric shock she had received. Young Cassy was being held in cruel rope bondage. Her ankles, and knees were tied, while her wrists and elbows where secured tightly behind her back. She was stood beside the tables that were holding her friends, and was also ball gagged. But what made Cassys bondage so uncomfortable was what they had done to her breasts. They had looped thin cord around them and had pulled it tight, turning them into blueish, black orbs of pain, and they had made sure she wasn't going to run off anywhere, by then fastening the thin cords, that held her breast so ex'quisitely in place, to pulleys which lifted the straining teen ever so slightly onto the balls of her feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tears of anger and frustration stream down young Cassy's face as she looks down at what they had done to her. Kimberley tries to calm her down and reassure her, but Cassy is in bits, as she comes to terms with her painful constricting bindings. For the moment the girls are left alone to contemplate their fate. The grotesque memento of her friend is still laid before the now bald headed Colonel, as a reminder as to what is to come. But Kimberley has no fight left! She knew as well as the other girls knew, that they were to be used as leverage against her! Sammi and Cassy were now to be tortured till Kimberley told the Doctor, all he wanted to know. 




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *


THE FINAL CURTAIN 


* * *


The girls dreadful reunion had lasted about an hour when the Doctor returned with his entourage, which included Helga and Gunther. Two male guards also entered the room, and stand by the door, no doubt excited by what they were going to see. In fact the surgery although large, is rather cramped now, as the helpless girls are surrounded by their sick and twisted tormentors. Gunther is now changed into his usual attire that he wears in Wolf-castle, his full rubber gimp suit! Sammi had been abused many times by Gunther, but his face was always hidden by his mask. It was only when he told Cassy his name did she realize who he was, but by then it was to late.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gunther slithers over to Cassy and starts to paw over her taut, hard body as she fights against the devilish ropes holding her in place. Tears pour down her face, as each time she tries to pull away from his grasp the ropes painfully pinch her breasts even tighter, turning them more black, and more blue. She cries out from behind her gag, but only saliva escapes, and joins the tears that are streaming down her neck towards her chest. Gunther takes great delight in teasing and tormenting the helpless teen! She did drag him round by his scrotum after all! And Gunther considered this pay back time.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Helga on the other hand, took an instant interest in the woman who murdered her lover, and wastes no time in reactivating Sammi's stinger once more. Sammi's eyes roll and muffled screams come from behind her restrictive gag as she starts to twitch and convulse wildly on the table. While the Doctor watches on gently stroking Kimberley's head urging her to talk.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Tell me what i want to know and your friends pain will stop my dear! Why are you protecting people you dont know? These are your friends! All you have to do, is tell me your code, and i will Call Gunther and Helga off!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberley is devastated as she watches her friends suffering, but stays silent as a single tear drop rolls down her cheek. Kimberley knew that if she gave the Doctor her code that the Angels would be finished. They would be hunted down like animals and kept as sex slaves for whoever could afford to pay The Vixen's asking price. Where once the drug barons and war lords kept pet tigers and lions for their amusement, now they would have their very own Angel Agents to enjoy, and Kimberley could not allow that to happen! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Its not long before the already packed surgery gets another guest, it was the Vixen! She walks in and gestures for Helga to turn the Stinger off, then proceeds to run her evil looking hook down Sammi's leg towards her feet. Sammi is to exhausted to show any emotion as the hook is then ran along the sole of her stocking clad foot. Kimberley watches on as the Vixen continues to run her sinister looking hook over her friends toes. Sammi just hangs her head panting away as the gag restricts her breathing. Her cheeks puff in and out furiously trying to regain her breath, before the Stinger was turned back on, but it was not the Stinger she needed to be worried about!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Doctor, how is the interrogation going?" Sneers the Vixen.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "She has not talked yet, but its only a matter of time, Madam Vixen!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Goood! And how's my two favourite Angel Agents today? Yessss, it must be 3 years since we were all together! And you two girls had me at a slight disadvantage, didn't you?" Hisses the Vixen as she walks towards Kimberley, and runs her hook slowly and gently down the side of the trapped spies face. She then leans down till her face is level with her's, and starts whispering into her ear.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you tell me your code i promise i will release you and your friends unharmed, i promise that after today no harm will come to you, and we will release the three of you to the American embassy in two weeks time."
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Bullshit!" Says Kimberley in a curt tone, not even bothering to turn her head to fire back her reply.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmm, its true, i promise! If you tell me your code, i will release you and your team, and the pain and humiliation will stop!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "How can i trust you to keep your word?" Says Kimberley, this time actually turning her head to answer the Vixen. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha ha! You cant! But know this spy, in two weeks time, me and my organization would have rounded up all your fellow Angels. In two weeks time you will have to return back to Palomar with your tail between your legs, knowing that all round the world your fellow Angels were being used and abused by whatever sick bastard, paid the most!" Kimberley just hangs her head thinking about the Vixens offer, pausing before giving her reply.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fuck you!" she says, this time looking the Vixen dead in the eye.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Helga! Would you unsheathe Miss Walsh's stockings for me my dear!" Says the vixen as she walks over to a nearby table, picking up a large pair of pliers from it. "Mr Gunther! Lets get Miss Clark on her tippy-toes a bit!"
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gunther scurries over to the wall and flicks a switch that operates the pulleys, pulling the cords attached to her breasts towards the ceiling. Cassy starts squirming as she is lifted onto her toes and the cords bite even deeper into her soft flesh. Gunther stands in front of her clearly excited, as she struggles in pain and a small bulge appears from his crotch.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, yes on your tippy- toes my Warrior Goddess. Not so tough now are we?" He hisses, almost snake like, as he flicks his tongue out of his mouth, and starts to rub his groin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mmmuummmpptthhh!" Screams Cassy from behind the gag.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha ha! What was that my Warrior Goddess, what did you say?" Inquires Gunther as he steps closer to hear what she had to say. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Uuurrrgghhh!" He screams, as he fly's backwards across the room crashing into a trolley. Gunther had made the school boy error of mocking an Angel Agent who wasn't fully secured, and Cassy had powerfully jumped up and kicked him with both feet.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Helga after you have finished removing Miss Walsh's stockings, be a dear and secure Miss Clark's ankles to the floor!" Says the Vixen, as Gunther picks himself up and threatens Cassy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You'll pay for that slut! Mark my words!" He screams, as he rubs his latex covered head. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This time Helga and Gunther take no chances and grab Cassy's legs from behind, and after a brief struggle she is securely, anchored to the floor. Cassy just hangs there helpless as gunther starts to abuse her breasts with a riding crop, while the Vixen moves slowly towards Sammi.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I seem to remember that during my interrogation, you took a distinct interest in my toes didn't you Miss Walsh!" She Says as she places Sammi's little toe between the jaws of her pliers. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Helga! Turn the pulleys on and keep them on till either Miss Jones, tells me her code! Or Miss Clark's tits, are pulled clean from her body!" Screams the Vixen as she squeeze's down hard on the pliers, crushing Sammi's toe between the jaws. Kimberley watches on in horror as cassy is slowly lifted from her feet and Sammi's eyes plead with her to help, as the vixen continues to abuse her toes one by one. Gunther keeps flicking his cain painfully against poor Cassys blackened breasts, as they are stretched to the limit. Cassy's head falls back and her eyes roll, as the pain becomes to much for her to stand. Sammi's face is etched with excruciating agony when Kimberley can take no more! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ok! Ok, you win i'll tell you my code, just please leave them alone! pleeease i beg you!" Cries Kimberley, as she is finally broken. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Goood, My dear! A wise choice indeed!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cassy falls to the floor as she is released from the sadistic pulleys that she was suspended from. She is picked up by Gunther and the Guards and taken from the room, glancing back at Kimberley as if to say thank you. Cassy had never known such pain and suffering and did not believe what had just happened to her. She is then taken to a holding cell at the Vixens request, where she is allowed to rest in relative comfort. Although the Vixen had horrifically tortured Cassy, she seemed to have a soft spot for the young Angel Agent. The same could not be said for Jones and Walsh!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Vixen watches on as Helga punches the keys into the computer, as Kimberley relays them to her. Kimberley's voice is soft and she stammers, as the gravity of what she was doing began to sink in. Kimberley had tried to resist but the Vixen knew her weakness and used it against her. The Vixen used the girls friendship against them! This was the reason most Angels worked alone! But as Kimberley revealed the last digit of her access code, she knew the Angels were about to become an endangered species.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Vixens eyes light up as red dots start appearing on the screen marking the locations of various Angel Agents throughout the World. She had finally done it! 3 years of planning had finally brought her the revenge she craved! Now the Angels would fall one by one, hunted down and captured! There would be no hiding places! By the time they had figured out what was happening, they would all be under lock and key.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She turns round and starts mocking the fallen Angels as they lay there with their legs held wide open, and their bodies in agony. Kimberley and Sammi could not even bring themselves to look each other in the eye, let alone the Vixen! As the shame of what they had just done, over whelmed them. They had not only let their fellow Angels down, but they had let their country down too.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ha, ha, ha i cant tell you how happy i am right now sluts! I cant imagine how bad your feeling right now either, but it won't be as bad as when you have to limp back into Palomar and explain to the last few remaining Angels what you have done. Now Doctor i must leave you to begin my Angel hunt! In two weeks time i want you to sedate and dump these two outside the American Embassy in Berlin. However Miss Clark will be coming with me! I think with a bit more time, i can bring her round to my way of thinking. Goodbye ladies! I must say its been an absolute pleasure working on you!.................Oh and Doctor, one more thing! Don't forget to take your trophy's from them before they leave! I think a life of chastity will be a fitting punishment for what these bitches have done to me!.......Once again ladies, goodbye! 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now girls who wants to go first?" Sneers the Doctor! 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; THE END










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pembo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





