BDSM Library -  Aunt Jane




 Aunt Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:       A young man is "taken in hand" by his hot Auntie.






It's a terrible thing to lose your parents at a young age.

When my mother, father and uncle were killed by a drunk driver, I believe I went insane, for a while.

At 17, I was a tall, muscular lad, with a certain brutal handsomeness that many girls, and older women, found attractive. I was also a hard bastard, and took out my pain and fear on other men, fighting in pool halls and back alleys, welcoming the pain, the crunch of fist on bone, the feel of driving my knee into an opponents balls or smashing my forehead into a nose. I had many fights, and won most of them, insofar as any fighter "wins".

I soon became a young man to be feared, in my home town. Women were drawn to me, and men left me alone.

During this period of brutality, agony and mourning, steps were being taken by my Aunt Jane, now a widow, to become my legal guardian.

Auntie was a strikingly gorgeous woman of 38, and I confess that I had masturbated, electrically, many times while picturing her in various positions, in exotic undies, doing amazingly erotic things.

Aunt Jane was my mother's younger half-sister, a tall and voluptuous. black-haired lady with piercing eyes and luscious lips, harshly beautiful, with a deliberate and erotic air about her. To a young man, she was instant hard-on made flesh, with large, proud breasts, slender short waist, and a full, round ass atop long, shapely and smooth legs. That lovely ass jiggled deliciously as she walked, and I knew it would be wonderfully firm.

I had been blessed, or cursed, with huge genitals and a rampant sex-drive, and just the thought of Aunt Jane slowly sliding on a silk stocking,&nbsp; or fastening a garter clip or easing her large, tender tits into bra cups, made my cock surge to rock-hard attention. Fifteen massive inches of thickly-veined manhood, oozing clear pre-cum. With balls the size of large eggs, I was a walking jism factory, and frequently spurted like a firehose, on my girlfriend's breasts and tummy, while thinking of Jane. Thinking of my Auntie, doing wonderfully perverted things.

I must tell you about Sarah, my girl. A precocious and lusty 17-year old schoolgirl, with blonde hair, blue eyes and a figure to die for. We fucked and sucked each other at every opportunity, as teenagers will. Sarah was by nature, quite pornographic and exhibitionistic, and I loved to make her pose in obscene positions, wearing skimpy schoolgirl attire. You know the sort of thing - white knee socks and sensible little shoes, shirt and tie in disarray, bending over and reaching behind to open her lovely pink pussy lips, and the tight little pucker of her anus. This was long before the days of the Internet, of course, but I had no doubt that Sarah would have delighted in exposing her wonderful young body to wankers around the globe.

Many times I could not resist Sarah, and mounted her ruthlessly, from behind. It took great restraint on my part to refrain from ramming my monstrous cock into her. I had no wish to hurt my lovely girl in that way, so learned the arts of slow, gentle penetration, and the delay of climax. I would withdraw, and go down on her, gently licking and kissing her sweet, smoothly-shaved pussy and tonguing her anus. Then, I would ease my huge raw wang into Sarah's eager, tender mouth. Due to my size, my sweetie could only cram a few inches in, but she used her tongue like a champ.

The marvellous young woman asked me to spank her, because she was, of course, a "naughty girl", and I was happy to oblige. I had an old, braided leather belt that was falling apart, and the strands could be separated to form a quite serviceable, multi-thonged whip. I loved to use it on Sarah's bottom and upper thighs, and kissing the pink marks on her creamy skin after a whipping, was an exquisite pleasure. I would naturally hold back at first, until Sarah asked that I whip her as hard as possible. I remember the afternoon she rolled over on her back, spreading her long legs wide, and demanding that I punish her breasts, tummy and pussy. Her beautiful face, reflecting the sweet pain of her whipping, made me adore her all the more, and made me want to cuddle and caress her, and love her for hours.

Sarah was my first encounter with erotic masochism, and it brought out the latent sadist in me. She adored the makeshift leather whip, and I began applying clothespins to her swollen nipples and labia, which drove her crazy with lust. I bought a black plastic butt-plug from a downtown sex-shop. With a tube of lube and the 'plug, I would gently invade my girlfriend's anus and rectum, as she screamed and squealed with delight. I had no wish to fuck her anally, though, as my massive dong might have caused her irreparable physical damage.

Sarah hated condoms ("It's like sucking a candy with the wrapper on it"), so we used no contraception. There were no condoms large enough to fit my huge cock, anyway. I had to learn when to withdraw and either wank myself off, or have Sarah finish me, and we both delighted in my climax, when I would come so hard I nearly blacked out, slathering the lovely young woman with massive spurts of hot cum. 

On reflection, these many years later, it occurs to me that I had sought to lose myself in lust, and violence, as a salve for the intolerable pain occasioned by the loss of those I loved. I had my parent's house, a large mansion on several acres of land. There were two cars - a Porsche 911 and a Cadillac Eldorado. The house was paid for, and there were insurance policies and savings and brokerage accounts that would ensure that I would become a young gentleman of some considerable resources, once I reached the age of majority.

At seventeen and a half years, though, it fell to my Aunt Jane to "take me in hand", and protect my interests as a minor.

-

Jane came to my house in early summer of that year, to explain matters. A vision of elegance, as always, she exited her Lincoln Town Car with a (deliberate?) flash of long, stockinged legs, and sashayed her way up the path to the front door, where I met her with a careful embrace (my cock was rearing massively). Her delicious scent was maddening, and her gentle kiss to my cheek made me faint with lust.

I can only think that my Aunt was fully aware of my priapic condition at that time, for she glanced deliberately downwards at the huge bulge in my jeans, making it quite clear that she knew of my arousal. Her knowing look, the slightest movement of her plump, delicious red lips, left me uncharacteristically flustered, and stammering. I hastily excused myself and hurried to the kitchen, to make coffee. My engorged penis was now quite painful, in the constricting jeans, and I dared to drop them and subject the rude meatpole to a blast of cold water from the sink faucet. This had the desired effect, and a few minutes later I calmly carried the tray of coffee and biscuits into the living-room, to convene with my delectable Auntie.

Of course, at this point the reader may conclude that I proceeded to seduce and ravish my wonderful Aunt for hours, on the floor, on the sofa, bent over a table or chair back, silk skirt pushed crudely to her slender waist, and lacy panties wrenched brutally aside as my massively erect fuckrod plumbed the depths of her tender-lipped pussy.

Nothing of the sort, I regret to say. Auntie was all business, and laid out in detail what was to happen, and how she had become my legal guardian. Such expositions of dull, factual matters have a dis-engorging effect, even when delivered in Aunt Jane's thrilling, contralto voice, with her silk-clad breasts prominently displayed.

She proposed to sell my house, putting the proceeds in trust. The various insurance policies, saving and brokerage accounts would also be absorbed into the trust. The Cadillac would be sold. I could keep the Porsche. I was to move to New York state, to live with her.

-

Sarah cried when I told her that I was moving away, to the East Coast. I must confess that I cried a little, too. I adored my sweet girl, but time and tide wait for no man. A week later I was carrying suitcases from my Porsche into my Aunt's elegant home in the Hamptons. Have I mentioned that Aunt Jane was quite rich? Well, she was, and could afford to indulge herself, in many ways.

A young widow's home has a scent, one of faint sweetness, and the suggestion of warm, damp female lust. Aunt Jane, as far as I knew, was still in mourning for my Uncle, and had had no sexual congress with man, or woman, for fully five months. This made me as horny as Hell, of course, and I spent many hours on the telephone in my spacious bedroom, talking dirty with Sarah, and jerking off. I was boosting profits of the Kleenex company like crazy.

Naturally, I still missed Sarah, and ordered her to do perverted things for my pleasure ("stick two fingers into your asshole"), as we spoke together. However, as the weeks passed, our telephone trysts became less frequent, and less prolonged. I was reluctant to think that she had found another guy (who couldn't possibly supply the same immense wang as myself), but had to face the truth. The lovely minx was "over" me, now, and her new guy was on her mind.

Nothing much happens in the Hamptons during the "off-season". There are many luxury estates there, but they tend to be somewhat isolated, and there isn't much in the way of community life. Aunt Jane and I had settled down with each other, and I was daring enough to present myself at the breakfast table in skivvies, and dressing-gown, while Auntie disported her pornographic figure in silk robes. 

Aunt Jane had taken to a new hairstyle - the "Cleopatra" look. To me, my lovely Auntie looked like a delicious porn-queen, and breakfasts were spent with a raging hard-on, which I had to conceal within the folds of my gown.

She was very warm and friendly, and I was starting to fall in love with her - a dangerous thing for a horny young man approaching his eighteenth birthday.

On occasions when Auntie left the house to attend meetings with lawyers and accountants, I would sneak into her boudoir (there is no other way to describe it), and ravish her undie drawer, as horny boys are wont to do. The incredible array of silky, lacy, Victoria's Secret-type undergarments was intoxicating!

It was during a lustful assault on the undies, with a wispy lace article of total erotic delectation dangling from my monstrous erection, that I noticed, through the South-facing window, a lady in trouble. More precisely, a lady of a certain age, whose car had decided to fuck her up.

Well before the age of mobile phones, this lady had no recourse but to come to Auntie's front door, and ask to use the dialler phone, on the hallway table. I saw her hesitation, then resolve to ring our doorbell, and rushed hastily to my bedroom to throw on some clothes.

Many reading this story will not find it at all remarkable that the lady was a beautiful black woman, but I assure you that it was extremely out of place in the 1970s, and in the Hamptons, to boot!

It transpired that Amanda was a friend of Jane's, and a wealthy woman in her own right, having done many successful business deals in New York, and its environs.

I had managed to struggle into a pair of jeans, and a T-shirt before answering the doorbell. Amanda introduced herself, with a lovely smile and I ushered her in, to the living-room. I was, well, rampant! Aunt Jane's expensive silk panties had made my dong stand up like a rail-spike, and this lovely, elegant black lady had inflamed my passions further.

I estimated Amanda's age at about forty. She was slender, leggy and full-breasted, as rich women were in the 70s. 

"I've heard about you, from Jane", Amanda said.

"All good, I hope?" I witlessly responded.

Amanda giggled a little, and shifted her pert, round ass on the sofa. "She's not sure, yet".

WTF?

"She told me you're a major horndog, Johnny".

Jesus wept!

Amanda now had a serious look on her face, her gorgeous big eyes holding mine.

Dear reader, sometimes life imitates Art, and this was one of those rare occasions.

Amanda gave me a severe look, and ordered, in an excitingly harsh voice, "Stand up before me, and strip!"

"Miss Amanda ..."

"Shut up, boy! Do as I say! Jane says you have a huge cock, and I want it in me. You don't think I buy cars that break down, do you?"

The exquisite black woman, with her flashing eyes and pursed lips, would brook no objection.

I stood before her. I stripped naked.

My immense dong reared up, to Amanda's delight.

"Jane told the truth! You have a magnificent dong, young man, and I'm going to make you use it. Come here".

Her imperious orders made my erect penis throb, and pulse.

Lustfully, I moved over to Amanda, now standing and displaying her elegant form to best advantage. As I reached her, she gently grasped my cock in a warm, slim hand, the other hand moving to cup my huge, bulging balls.

Since being with Sarah, I had got into the habit of shaving my genitals, and my scrotum was smooth.

"Exquisite" Amanda breathed, as she eased gently against me for a long, sweet kiss. My insane erection pressed against her warm, silky tummy, and found repose between her luscious, hard-nippled breasts, my pre-cum dampening the Shantung silk of her blouse.

I wanted to ravish this magnificent woman there and then, but Amanda led me, by my dick, up the stairs to my bedroom. Here, she made me kneel before her, as she performed a slow striptease. Amanda, her huge, beautiful eyes holding mine, slowly removed her blouse, and skirt, revealing a toned, smooth body clad in bra, garter-belt, panties and silk stockings, with erotic "Hooker-Heel" ankle-strapped shoes.

Amanda was a light-coloured black woman, and her white lacy undies, black stockings and black heels contrasted deliciously with her smooth, silky skin. She removed her bra to reveal lush, firm breasts, tipped by small, conical dusky nipples. A delicious womanly move later disposed of her panties, to expose a smoothly-shaved, tender pussy. This wonderful, wet-dream woman, clad now in only garter-belt, stockings and heels, slowly sashayed her gorgeous ass over to where I knelt.

Amanda positioned herself such that her soft, warm pussy-lips were pressed against my upturned mouth! My cock was rampaging, and oozing pre-cum, as I licked and tongued her, and gently fondled her gorgeous ass. That sweet, slightly musky scent, and taste, and the tangy, yogurty freshness that met my tongue as I thrust it as deeply as I could into her vagina, was incredible!

Amanda turned. "Lick my asshole", she demanded. She spread her ass-cheeks. I licked. She was clean, and sensitive. The tip of my tongue traced the puckers of her anus, and she screamed in pleasure.

Amanda now squatted down, guiding my massive cock into her pussy. The warm, silky tightness was overwhelming after so long without, and I nearly exploded, right there. But, sphincter-power prevailed, and I managed not to come. I stroked and caressed her shapely body.

She rode my cock slowly, moaning with delight and masturbating her erect clit, as I reached around and gently cupped her large, firm tits. The swollen nipples felt wonderful against my palms, and the lush, tender breasts were full, and heavy. I pinched her erect nipples, somewhat brutally. Amanda moaned. After some time riding the cock, she came, squirting and yelling.

Amanda now rose off the cock, turned and knelt down. Without further ado, she took my wang into her generous, succulently-lipped mouth, and began to suck, hard. Her delicious lips and tongue worked their womanly magic, and I could not hold back, any longer.

It was in this position, Amanda buns-up kneeling, with engorged pussy and anus exposed, that she and I were revealed to the woman standing quietly in the doorway of my bedroom.

Aunt Jane's face had an unreadable look, and there was a high, flushed color in her cheeks. There was a certain serenity about her, I recall. As though something had been confirmed, and was now inevitable. Her eyes held mine as I climaxed, pumping hot jism into Amanda's eager mouth. As orgasm took me, I looked deep into my beloved Auntie's eyes.

I looked down at lovely Amanda, taking all I had to give. When I looked up, Aunt Jane was gone.

-

Amanda never knew that Aunt Jane had witnessed our coupling. I spent the rest of the afternoon in the bath with Amanda, then she left. "I'll be back", she said, but I never saw her again.

I was hugely aroused by, and yet afraid of my Aunt. I admitted to myself that, yes, I wanted to fuck her good, yet I loved her in a familial way, too.

However, Aunt Jane took the whip hand, and made it quite clear to me what our future relationship would be based upon.

-

Auntie made her requirements crystal clear, several awkward days later. She had visited New York and made some purchases.

"Johnny, here's a present for you", she said, one morning, placing a package in my hand.

Aunt Jane was wearing a fine silk robe that accentuated her luscious, curvy body, and I swear she was naked beneath it, as her erect nipples thrust through the silk.

"I want you to cleanse yourself thoroughly, floss, brush and swoosh, then present yourself to me naked, in my bedroom, wearing only the devices I have given you".

This order was conveyed to me in a stern voice, with commanding presence that could not be ignored.

I was never more aroused and excited, in my life.

I returned to my bedroom, performed the demanded ablutions, and opened the package.

The package contained a metal cock ring, a tube of lube, and a butt-plug. The plug was quite large, but I squatted down in the shower, lubed it up, and inserted it. I had carefully strapped-on the cock-ring, which was just large enough to gently ease my big balls through, and I was now achingly erect.

I walked down the corridor to Auntie's bedroom, with my monstrous hard-on pointing the way.

Aunt Jane had prepared everything, and was waiting.

-

She stood proudly in the middle of the room.

"Kneel", she commanded.

Aunt Jane was magnificently attired, as the Dominatrix of a horny boy's wet dream.

"Slave Johnny, in this room you will address me as Mistress Jane. Is that clear?"

"Yes ... Mistress Jane".

"The first obligation of a slave-boy is to worship his Mistress. Worship me, Slaveboy!"

Aunt Jane turned and presented her beautiful ass, with cheeks spread. The black silk stockings with lacy, elasticated tops, gently squeezed her creamy thighs so they bulged slightly. Her pink anus and pussy were presented to me.

Instinctively, I knew what to do. I eagerly applied my lips and tongue to Mistress Jane's asshole and pussy, while She moaned and writhed in pleasure.

There followed a long, delicious afternoon of punishment, and delights.

I felt the whip, which I had so loved to use on tender Sarah, caressing my smooth body with its sweet sting.

The rod and the cane were employed, to heighten the pain, and pleasure.

Mistress Jane used cruel clips, on my nipples, and they hurt, deliciously.

She withdrew the butt-plug, and slowly sodomized me with a large, lubed, strap-on cock.

My massive cock and balls were a feast of delight for my Mistress, and a procession of wonderful pain, for me. She used many clips, and sharp needles, to squeeze, and penetrate. 

My Mistress pinned my magnificent, rampant genitals to a board!

Leaving me impaled, and in sweet pain, my beautiful Mistress stroked my cock gently with her silken-gloved fingertips, until I came, screaming. 

-

As I look back, over the decades, I realize that I am so grateful to Mistress Jane, for instructing and guiding me.

I am a Master, now, and have a beautiful Slavegirl to whip and sodomize. Her name, too, is Jane.









Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Johnny Knobbler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





