BDSM Library -  The Judas Cradle Session




 The Judas Cradle Session
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Mistress Lisa receives a request for a live session for her web site ExtremeToyland.com. A fan supplies her with the necessary torture equipment and Lisa takes a Judas Cradle session out on her masochist Daphne. Filled with suspension, tit torture, piercing, electrical shocks and bloodplay, this proves to be an intense evening.






----
Author's note: This story is set in the world of my first story, Extreme Toyland, which features scenes of sadomasochism and sexual torture. Mistress Lisa and her slaves Daphne and Rick make an appearance in this story. Also present is Sarah, Mistress Lisa's young apprentice.
----
Synopsis: Mistress Lisa receives a request for a live session for her web site ExtremeToyland.com. A fan supplies her with the necessary torture equipment and Lisa takes a Judas Cradle session out on her masochist Daphne. Filled with suspension, tit torture, piercing, electrical shocks and bloodplay, this proves to be an intense evening. 
----

The Judas Cradle Session

It was close to 10 PM on a Friday night and that meant that ExtremeToyland.com was getting ready for their weekly live web session. Tonight, Daphne and Lisa would be performing. The crew had finished the last technical checks and everything was ready for showtime.

Up on the schedule was a request session with Lisa and Daphne. Lisa and her assistant Sarah were making sure everything was in place for a smooth run. A fan of Daphne's had written up a pages long script for an intense torture session and emailed it to the web site. This was over a month ago and Lisa had been preparing this session ever since. 

The e-mail was detailed, devious and it had caught Lisa's attention if only by its sheer size. The guy had attached four large photos of implements and furniture needed for the session, including one that he had designed and manufactured himself. There were also drawings of bondage and torture to accompany the written scenario. 

When Lisa read the e-mail, simply titled "Req. Judas Cradle Session with Daphne", she noticed the long descriptive message and four .jpg attachments. She scrolled down the session script and saw that it was written like a manual: "...next apply 3x 5 lbs of weight then strike bottom of nipples 10x each with crop" ... "when secured, pull ropes up through pulley in ceiling" ... "Have slave insert three more needles" ... Etcetera. 

Curious as she was, she clicked on the first attachment. The picture showed a Judas cradle: a pyramid-shaped wooden block on a stand. The pyramid was about a foot wide on all sides at the base. It was also about a foot tall. Together with its stand, it was easily 4 feet tall.

"Nice," Lisa thought, "but I don't have anything like that here, such a shame." She opened the next image. 

The second attachment was actually a series of pictures featuring closeups of the wooden pyramid. It showed a closeup of the removable top and a round two inch wide tunnel that was drilled top to bottom through the whole solid block of wood. In addition, there was another item that could be placed on top of the pyramid instead of its original wooden point: a large black rubber dildo. There was also a metal tube with dozens of small holes in it. 

"Hmm, that's kind of ingenious," she said to herself while thinking of the possibilities with furniture like that. 

The third photo showed a simple toilet brush and another look at the metal dildo, but now in a different state. With an eyelet at its bottom pulled all the way out, it showed what the dozens of small holes along the sides were meant for: rows of sharp needles were pushed out, increasing the device's width from about two inches to at least three and a half, with the needles sticking out three quarters of an inch on all sides. 

Lisa's eyes lighted up at the sight of the torture tube. Just the thought of Daphne being impaled on a dildo on top of Judas Cradle excited her already. 

The last image was a series of numbered drawings of a woman's chest in bondage. Both breasts were individually bound tightly at their base with rope in the first drawing. The second showed the same setup but with pretty long pins shoved top to bottom and left to right through the areolas: six in two rows of three behind each nipple. 

The third drawing showed a side view of the same, but now with a belt wrapped around the bound breasts, compressing them together. There were tight bands wrapped behind the six pins through each areola, possibly elastic bands or tie-rips. It made the nipples and areolas bulge like pingpong balls. Ropes hanging from above were connected to the breasts behind the pins and lightly pulled them up. To top it off, large fish hooks connected to thin chains were pulling both nipples forward.

This was Lisa's cup of tea. She found it sexy, exciting and sadistic and could imagine it done to Daphne already in her mind. Her girl toy had the perfect tits for it and the masochistic inclination to possibly even enjoy it. 

The final image was also a side view, showing the stretched nipple orbs dotted with pins and needles like a pincushion and various pins inserted into the bound breasts through strategically placed holes in the belt around the breasts. There was also a detailed and exciting drawing of the sub's pussy. 

"Icing on the cake," Lisa had thought then. It already gave her a good idea of the session from these images. 

Eventually she read the full e-mail and decided to contact the author, who was offering to lend her the custom Judas Cradle and some of the specific implements for the live session.

It took two weeks before the three big boxes were delivered from Italy. Lisa then did a test run with the equipment on her toy Petra to fine-tune the sequencing of the tit torture and to test the effects of the needle tube. Just to make sure she got it down right and there would be no surprises during the live internet performance. 

And that performance was about to start right now. Lisa gave the signal that she was ready and her assistant Sarah escorted a naked Daphne into the dungeon as the red "on air" signal went on. Sarah looked great as always. Her bright blonde shoulder-length hair was put up in a small ponytail. She was wearing elaborate make-up with dark red accents and long, fake eyelashes. On her platform heeled black boots, she still only stood 5'5" tall, with her heels being at least 4 inches. 

She had a short build with an athletic body and a sizable chest. She was Lisa's only toy to have permanent piercings. She had two big rings fitted through her areolas, right behind each nipple and also two flesh tunnels (she called them 'spacers') in her outer labia. The nipple rings had been taken out for this session. 

Everyone in the production team was working. The two cameramen and Anna, the video director, were responsible for the live feed. Everything was being filmed with a wide-shot mounted camera and a second handheld, which could be used for different angles and closeups. A video screen on the far wall showed the footage that the director was sending out over the internet on ExtremeToyland.com. 

Elisa was monitoring the web site's chatroom on a laptop, there were almost 200 subscribers online right now. Finally, Lisa's only male toy, Rick, was also present. Lisa planned to use him for the end of the session. 

Sarah led Daphne to the middle of the room where Mistress Lisa was waiting next to the Judas Cradle. Lisa lowered a spreader bar from a winch in the ceiling while Sarah put wide leather cuffs on both Daphne's ankles and wrists. 

Daphne was excited but also a bit scared. The only thing she was told about this session was that it was a fan request and that it involved some pretty inventive but painful torture. Mistress Lisa had her remove her nipple piercings and that was pretty unusual, since Lisa had put those rings there herself. They were placed through her areolas so they would not interfere with nipple clamps or other temporary nipple piercings. The only other time they were removed for a session was when Lisa had both her nipples skewered on one long pin and the top and bottom of&nbsp; her areolas were folded over the nipples and pin and sewn together. Nipple torture was something she craved, and the thought of getting something special done to her tonight excited her tremendously.

Lisa clasped Daphne's cuffs to the spreader bar and used the winch to hoist her up until the tips of her toes barely touched the floor. She was bobbing a little up and down because of the elasticity of the rope between the winch and the spreader bar. Lisa ran her hands down Daphne's arms to her chest and squeezed the hard nipples. Daphne threw her head back as Lisa twisted the nubs and pulled on them. 

"Let's warm you up properly before we get started," Lisa said. She gestured to her assistant, who picked some things up from a nearby trolley table. It was a riding crop and two short adjustable straps with alligator clamps on both ends. Lisa snapped two clamps right next to eachother on Daphne's left nipple&nbsp; and then clamped the ones on the other end of the strap on her right nipple. Then she tightened the straps, pulling the 4 clamps toward eachother. 

Daphne was anticipating the sharp pain from the teeth in the clamps and enjoyed the sensation of them being slowly pulled to the side by the tightening of the straps. She could feel herself getting wet from excitement. 

Lisa used the riding crop to warm up Daphne's tits and nipples by aiming her smacks at the clamps. Daphne bit her lip and strained against her bonds. Her feet flicking and leaving the floor entirely from time to time. She moaned with every strike. 

Next it was time for the flogger. Lisa selected a particularly nasty specimen for this session: her bootlace metal tipped version. It had 9 thin braided tails with sharp arrow-like metal studs at the end. They easily broke skin. Before she put it to use, she removed the alligator clamps and bound Daphne's breasts tightly at the base with a medium elastic rope. 

Lisa loved binding Daphne's big tits. She made sure to make them really bulge by wrapping the elastic rope as tightly as possible. They immediately turned a dark shade of red. Lisa ran her nails over them and scratched the nipples a little.

She took the flogger and started behind Daphne by flogging her back, ass and thighs, bruising and breaking the skin with the metal studs. Daphne screamed out in pain and tried to wriggle in her bonds. When Lisa was satisfied with the reddening skin, welts and drops of blood forming, she stopped and walked to her toy's front side.

She took a step away and started to flog Daphne's bound tits in a cycling motion. The metal tips on the end of all bootlace tails were raining down on Daphne's tits like a whirlwind. The sub shrieked and moaned as the sharp studs broke her skin in several places. 

The bondage and pain had her pussy already dripping wet. "If this is only the warmup, it's going to be pretty insane," Daphne thought to herself. Lisa was enjoying the sight of the trickles of blood running down her toy's tits and contemplated on whether or not Daphne would need an additional week off after tonight, cause she would suffer more cuts, bruises and puncture wounds than Petra in the rehearsal. Petra was still not fully healed after two weeks. 

Lisa put the flogger down and used the winch controls to raise her sub higher off the floor. Together with Sarah, she moved the Judas Cradle straight under Daphne's pussy, making sure both her sub's legs fell on opposite sides of the wooden pyramid. Then Lisa and her assistant connected ropes to Daphne's ankle cuffs and ran them through eye bolts in the floor quite a bit away to the left and right. 

Daphne was now hanging six inches above the wooden pyramid in a spread-eagle position. Lisa walked over and ran her hand down Daphne's well-defined stomach and hairless pubic area to her pussy lips. It sent a shiver down Daphne's spine. Feeling around the pussy lips and slowly sliding two fingers in, Lisa said: "Well, well, wet already? And we are only starting the good stuff." She tugged on the pussy lips and pulled them down by the permanent flesh tunnel piercings in Daphne's outer labia. 

She nodded to Sarah, who got her a tray with the next items: two musketon hooks connected to a foot long heavy chain with additional weights hanging from them. Lisa picked up the chains one by one and connected the hooks through the flesh tunnels in Daphne's pussy lips. The chains fell to separate sides of the pyramid and the weight stretched her labia quite a bit. 

On the tray was also a white toilet brush. Lisa picked it up next and rubbed it's rough hairs against Daphne's nipples, then down her body to her stretched pussy lips. 

The brush was about a foot long including its handle, but the actual brush hairs covered only the top 4 inches. The brush was about three inches wide and was made of sturdy plastic hairs. 

"Before I let your pussy enjoy its new seat, I want to make sure it's clean," she said to Daphne, and started rubbing the toilet brush between Daphne's legs against her pussy lips and clit. "Don't worry, I'll be quick," she added as she forcefully pushed the brush up Daphne's wet pussy and immediately pulled it all the way out again. 

Daphne howled and twisted in her bonds. Before she felt the pain of the brush against the tender insides of her pussy, Lisa had already pulled the whole thing out again. Her pussy was instantly on fire and felt like it had just been ripped out with a small gardeners rake.

Lisa rubbed the brush against Daphne's clit between her stretched lips and Daphne felt the tingling in her clit grow. The combined pain of her flogged tits and ass with her burning pussy was making her even more wet. She wanted this, she craved this extreme stimulation and was hoping for more.

She didn't have to wait long, cause Lisa responded immediately to her toy's body language by thrusting the brush in again, fucking it up and down three times and then pulling it out again. Daphne wailed and growled and stretched against her bonds. 

"Hmm, I think it's clean enough now," Lisa said as she inspected the reddened brush and held it up to the camera. "Blood is such a nice, messy lubricant."

"I'm going to sit you down now, dear," Lisa addressed her toy. "And then I'm going to play with your tits for a while. It's quite an interesting setup if you ask me."

Lisa put the toilet brush back on Sarah's tray and used the winch controls to lower Daphne enough to guide her sore pussy over the pointy tip of the wooden pyramid below. It went fairly easy with the stretched pussy lips on both sides of the pyramid. When Lisa thought she had Daphne exactly in position, she lowered the winch so much that Daphne's full body weight was resting on her Judas Cradle. To make sure it was uncomfortable enough, Lisa tightened the ropes pulling Daphne's ankle cuffs to the side. 

There was no way anymore for Daphne to shift her weight to her thighs. She felt the full pressure on her pussy and it was more uncomfortable than she'd thought. The edges of the pyramid were hard and sharp, and as time passed, the widening tip of the pyramid would stretch her pussy more and more as her body weight pushed her down. 

Lisa picked up a riding crop and played with Daphne's bulging tits for a few moments, smacking it down on her areolas and nipples to warm up the skin. 

"Will you get me the pins, dear?" she asked Sarah, who picked up another tray from the cart nearby. She brought it over to Lisa, who picked up the first&nbsp; skewer and held it up to show it to Daphne and the web site subscribers. It was a fairly short but thick metal pin with an extremely sharp point. It looked like a thick hypodermic needle but it was about three inches long and had a metal stud at the end. Lisa also grabbed a forceps from the tray. 

"Hold still now, slut," Lisa addressed Daphne as she pulled the left nipple forward with the forceps and positioned the skewer on the areola, "this may hurt a little, but I want to get them right!"

With a swift move, Lisa pulled the nipple up with the forceps as she pushed the skewer down hard. It easily broke the skin going in, but it took some more effort to push it out on the other side. Daphne gritted her teeth and grunted loudly. 

"Nice," Lisa admired her work, "one down, eleven to go," she grinned. Daphne's eyes widened when she heard her domme say the number. She hoped that the number would be for both her tits, not for each individually. 

But Lisa kept working on Daphne's left tit. She kept the forceps in place and pushed through two more pins from top to bottom next to the first one. Daphne's nipple burned with sharp pains, but it wasn't too bad once the pins were in. She was hoping her other nipple would get the same treatment soon. Symmetrical pain was always so much more enjoyable to her. 

She got her wish as Lisa proceeded to pierce her sub's right areola in exactly the same way: three thick pins from top to bottom through the areola behind the nipple. But with those, the count was&nbsp; at six and that was only half the job. 

There was very little bleeding, with only a few drops trickling down from the pins' exit wounds. Lisa didn't pay any attention to it. 

She&nbsp; switched back to the other tit and grabbed the nipple again with the forceps, this time at a 90 degree angle. She then subsequently pushed three pins through from right to left, right behind the ones that were already in, forming a nice cross of pins. That side was done. 

The other areola received the same treatment and when all sets of pins were in, Lisa removed the forceps and stepped back to admire her own work. She was satisfied so far. Now it was time for the tricky part.

Daphne had no idea what was in store for her next. Her pussy and nipples were on fire, but even though the twelve metal pins looked extreme, they didn't hurt as much as you'd imagine from the look of them. She was sure that Lisa was going to do something else with them. Whip them, heat them, send electrical current though them, any of those things. 

Sarah took the forceps and the tray away and brought back a special set of elastrator pliers for Lisa: it was the kind that was used for stretching castration bands. 

Lisa wanted to snap castration bands behind the six pins, so that Daphne's pierced areolas and nipples would pop out like pingpong balls. The original scenario from the e-mail created the same effect with plastic tie-rips, but Lisa preferred the castration bands and found that they were neater and easier to use for creating more pressure on the pins. She experimented with it on Petra in her test run of the session and found elastrators that were able to stretch the bands wide enough to fit around the six needles through each areola.

She took two green bands and put the first one on the elastrator. Without any comment or drama, she manoeuvred the band around Daphne's left nipple and let it snap in place. 

Daphne gritted her teeth but was not prepared for the sharp pain that enveloped her nipple when the band snapped shut. The intense pressure on the pins and the subsequent sharp pain made her scream out and she started breathing heavily. 

Lisa then placed the other green band behind the pins through Daphne's right nipple and put it in place as well. She put the elastrator down. And rubbed her fingers around her sub's swollen, bulging nipples. 

The pressure of the bands had caused some blood to trickle out of the piercing holes and Lisa cleaned her fingers of it by rubbing it on Daphne's tits. She accepted two belts from Sarah, who fetched them from the trolley table. One was wide, about three inches, the other much thinner at about an inch. They were both made from black leather and were studded with pins on the inside. 

Lisa wrapped the thin one around Daphne's tits at the base, where they were bound with the elastic rope. The belt was secured around both tits, pressing them tightly together, the pins digging into the ropes. 

The wider belt was also dotted with pins on the inside and it had rows of holes along its length, all evenly spaced. Lisa wrapped it around her sub's bound tits, compressing them together, tightening it so that the pins on the inside broke the stretched skin of Daphne's tits. The toy's nipples were now not too far apart, sticking out in front of the compression belt.

Lisa instructed Sarah for a few seconds and soon after,&nbsp; the hook of a second winch came down from the ceiling. It dangled above Daphne's head. Lisa went over to the trolley table and picked up a large metal spring coil with hooks at the top and bottom. She hung it from the second winch by the top hook and told Sarah to lower it. 

When it was right above Daphne's bound tits, Lisa signaled Sarah to stop and the coil hovered in front of the poor girl's face. Lisa pulled the bottom of the spring down and connected it with a length of strong rope to the thin belt and rope at the base of her sub's tits. Sarah pushed a button on the winch's control box and it pulled up again. 

Sarah knew that she had to stop the winch again when the spring coil was at it's maximum stretch and it started to lift Daphne up by the rope and belt around her tits. Lisa gave the signal and the winch stopped. 

"I'm going to test your balance now, dear," Lisa spoke to Daphne. "I hope you're comfortable on that pyramid, cause I'm going to unbuckle your wrist cuffs from the spreader bar and cuff them behind your back. It's time for a good workout of those amazing tits!"

While Lisa cuffed the unbuckled wrist straps together behind her sub's back, her assistant Sarah removed the spreader bar from the winch it was attached to. In it's place, she secured a snap hook with an eyelet and pulled a thick braided rope through the eyelet, down to Daphne's chest. 

Lisa took over from there and tied the split ends into self-tightening loops and put them around the castration bands behind the pins through Daphne's areolas. She then took a step back and tugged on the other end of the rope. Daphne gasped for air. 

"Now I'm going to make you dance a little,"&nbsp; Lisa said, "To see how that spring coil holds up."

With those words, she started tugging on the rope and as she did, Daphne's nipples were yanked upward. Since the girl was suspended from the heavy metal spring coil, she started bobbing up and down, with her pussy being lifted off of and smacked onto the Judas Cradle in turn. 

Daphne felt as if her tits were being ripped off. It was a warm sensation that was immediately linked to her struggling cunt. She couldn't help but get more wet from this treatment, even though she was breathing heavily and tears were rolling down her face.

Lisa had some fun with it, but realized she was running a little behind schedule. Already 20 minutes in, and not even half of what she planned, was done She let go of the rope and Daphne came to rest on the pyramid again after a few bounces. 

"Way more fun if I let you ride a big dildo, don't you think?" Lisa asked out loud. She used the winch to lift Daphne up by her tit harness until she was hanging 10 inches above the pyramid, the weights on her pussy lips dangling to the sides of the pyramid. 

Lisa removed the top point of the pyramid from the judas cradle. The three inches at the top were detachable and the creator of the furniture had supplied an additional implement that could be used in place. Sarah picked up the dildo from the trolley table and handed it to Lisa.

The thick black dildo was easily 10 inches long. It was about 2 inches wide at the tip and 3 at the base. It was made out of a synthetic material resembling rubber, but this material was hardly flexible. Lisa secured it to the top of the pyramid and guided the tip of the gigantic phallus between Daphne's stretched pussy lips. 

"I hope your blood and pussy juices will lubricate that big boy enough, cause I'm going to impale you on it. And you WILL take it all in, and then some." Lisa encouraged her toy. "I'm going to lower you on it again until that big spring coil is stretched to its max. Then we'll play the bouncing game again, but now with some added bonuses."

With those words, she lowered the winch again and Daphne's body weight steadily pressed down on the big dildo. It slid in, inch by inch, until Daphne's crotch was resting on the wooden block again. 

It wasn't that hard for Daphne to take a large dildo up her pussy -- or her ass or throat, for that matter-- but in this uncomfortable position, it penetrated her really deep, way past the entrance to her cervix. That introduced a lot of pain, but she was determined to take it well. It would be easier because of the pleasant sensation of having her pussy filled up entirely. 

Her tits were still burning and with Lisa tugging on the ropes on her areolas again, making her bounce up and down on the dildo, she once again felt like her tits were being ripped off -- this time with the added 'pleasure' of having her pussy split by the monster dildo. 

Mistress Lisa announced that she would be adding a little interactive game to the session. Sarah lighted 5 candles on a stand behind the Judas Cradle. Lisa explained that she'd pull the rope on Daphne's areolas five times and let her toy bounce on the dildo for a timed period of 10 seconds. Then Sarah would extinguish one of the candles. That was the cue for the audience to send a number between 12 and 34 to the chat room. 

What they didn't know yet, was that that would determine the gauge of three needles that Daphne would have to insert fully into each of her bound and tortured tits. 

Elisa, who was monitoring the chat room, would pick the 5th number every time and signal this to Lisa, who would announce it out loud, so that it would be clear to everyone watching as well as Sarah, who was tasked with delivering the six needles to Daphne and discarding their caps.

Sarah extinguished the first of the candles and walked up to Daphne to uncuff her wrists. 

"The number is TWENTY," Lisa said. Sarah fetched six 20 gauge needles and went over to Daphne. Lisa instructed her toy:

"You will be a good slut now and push three of the chosen needles fully into each of your pincushion tits. You can start anywhere you like with the holes in that wide belt-- after four rounds they will all be used anyway!"

Daphne took the needles one by one and inserted them into her aching tits through the small holes in the belt that was compressing them. She was virtually suspended by her tits with only the big dildo in her pussy adding some form of support. 

Lisa waited for Daphne to push the last needle in, before yanking on the ropes, making her toy bounce up and down again. 

When the second candle was extinguished, the number FOURTEEN was announced by Lisa, and Sarah delivered the corresponding gauge needles to Daphne, who visibly endured more pain inserting those into her tits. 

Lisa pulled her toy's tits up again with the ropes, but didn't make Daphne bounce this time. Instead, she proceeded to smack the poor girl's swollen and pierced areolas with a studded riding crop, bringing her sub to tears. 

"Now before we continue with the little pins in your tits, I think we ought to pay some attention to those nipples as well, don't you think, dear?" Lisa asked Sarah. "Fetch me those hooks!"

Sarah went and picked up a pair of pliers and a bowl containing two large fish hooks. She gave them to Lisa, who exchanged them for the rope connected to Daphne's tits. "Keep a good pull on it," she said. 

Lisa then used the pliers to jam the first fish hook through the tip of&nbsp; Daphne's bulging nipple. It took some effort to poke it all the way though and Daphne screamed at the top of her lungs. "Hurts like a bitch, doesn't it?" Lisa asked her sub, who was now panting. "One more to go!"

Lisa also pierced Daphne's other nipple with the same kind of hook and admired her work. "Almost done with those, hang on dear," she said to her sub and went to grab a thin length of chain and a weight. She connected both ends of the chain to the fish hooks and then hung the heavy weight from it. Daphne let out a low moan. 

"Now you may finish the job with your tits, get ready!" Lisa took the rope back from Sarah and started to make Daphne bob up and down again on the dildo. The weight on the chain between her nipples danced left and right.

After two more quick rounds of Daphne's self-torture, only one of the five candles on the stand was still burning. 

Daphne wondered how much more her tits would have to endure. They felt like they were on fire, about to be ripped off. How long had it been since they started? She knew they had about an hour, Maybe 70 minutes at most. It seemed like an hour had already passed, but in reality it was only 35 minutes. Mistress Lisa had let go of the ropes connected to the pins through her areolas, so she was suspended from her tits again, hanging from a large spring coil stretched to its limit.

Lisa used the control box of the winch to lift Daphne up by her tits again. The big dildo plopped out of her pussy.

While the cameraman with the handheld zoomed in on Daphne's purple swollen tits, Sarah and Lisa moved the Judas Cradle away from under Daphne. When it was moved and the feed view moved back to a wide shot, Lisa was standing in front of her sub with the metal torture dildo in her hand. 

Sarah had three fingers inside Daphne's pussy and acknowledged to Lisa that Daphne was indeed very wet: "The slut is definitely enjoying this, she is dripping wet. And damn, that dildo stretched her open! I could put half my arm up there!"

"Ha!, why don't you try? See how far you can push your hand in? Make sure this tube will fit?" Lisa replied. "See how she's moaning, she's obviously enjoying it!"

Sarah moved her fingers in and out and added a fourth finger and finally her thumb as well, which she had been using to rub Daphne's clit. 

"See if you can make a fist," Lisa encouraged her assistant. 

Without much effort, Sarah shoved her hand inside, between Daphne's stretched outer labia. It went at least three inches past her wrist. Sarah played around for a few moments until Lisa told her to stop. 

"Ok, that's enough! I'm going to insert the tube now, you better get the chain and weights!"

Sarah slowly retracted her arm and did as she was told. Lisa positioned the tip of the metal tube between Daphne's pussy lips and slowly fucked the tube into her sub. 

It didn't take long before all 8 inches of the tube were inside. Sarah had returned with a trolley table from which Lisa took a footlong chain and connected it to the eyelet at the bottom of the tube. There was also an electrical unit on the trolley. 

"So, you think your tits hurt, huh?" Lisa asked Daphne. "Trust me, your pussy may be stretched and sore now, but Sarah and I will make sure that in less than three minutes, it will be in twice as much pain as your tits are now. And when I am satisfied, Sarah here will make sure you'll be satisfied as well. That's right, I'll allow you to cum while in so much pain."

Lisa then turned to Sarah and said "Pierce her. Make it two behind her clit this time,&nbsp; one more than we did with Petra."

"And the other two straight in?" Sarah asked. Lisa nodded. 

Sarah took a forceps and two short skewers similar to the ones through Daphne's areolas. She carefully sought out the sub's clit and grabbed it with the forceps. Daphne gasped. And shrieked as Sarah pierced the two pins right behind her clit. Lisa made sure the&nbsp; metal tube didn't slip out. 

"I'll do her nipples first," Sarah said and walked over to the winch's control box.&nbsp;&nbsp; She lowered the suspended sub a little until Daphne's tits were at Sarah's eye-height. Then she picked up another skewer. 

This one went deep into Daphne's left tit straight from the front through the nipples and areolas. It went in at least two and a half inches, with only it's end sticking out a little. Daphne continued to cry and wail as Sarah proceeded to treat her right tit the same way. 

"There, done!" Sarah smiled and stepped over to the electrical unit on the trolley. She connected six cables to pins in Daphne's body: a black cable to one of the pins in each areola and a corresponding red cable clipped onto the pins that were pushed into the nipples from the front.&nbsp; She also clipped a red and black cable on opposite ends of the pins behind Daphne's clit. 

"Well done, dear," Lisa said. "Now before you crank that unit up, we have one more thing to hook up. Please get the weights."

Sarah retrieved two weights of 1lb from the bottom of the trolley table and brought them over to Lisa, who made sure the full length of the metal torture tube was inside Daphne's pussy by using her fingers to keep it in place. 

"Just hang them from the top loops of the chain, then get two more."

The assistant hung the first weight from the chain loop closest to the tube's eyelet. "Feel that, cunt?" Lisa shouted at Daphne while tugging a little on the chain. "The next weight will start to push all needles outward into the soft flesh of your sore pussy. We'll be adding some more weight, though. You'll feel like your pussy is being ripped inside out. And in a sense, it will be, haha!"

Sarah hung the second weight from the second link in the chain. The needles were starting to push out of the tube and Daphne started a long, low, moan-like scream. 

"Add two bigger ones now, so I can let go," Lisa instructed her assistant. Sarah did as she was told and brought two heavier weights of 2 lbs each. After she hung the first from the chain, Lisa tugged on it before letting go of her sub. She had kept two fingers under the metal tube to prevent it from slipping down before the needles were fully pushed out. With the needles out and embedded into the walls of Daphne's pussy, there was no real risk anymore of the tube slipping out.

Petra had endured 8 lbs of weight on the tube during the test session, but Lisa wanted to see if she could push Daphne even further. At 8 lbs, the tube had put a great deal of stretch on Petra's pussy, but there had been no indication that it had slipped down. Those needles held it in place. So Lisa decided to go for at least 10 lbs now. 

She added the second 2lb weight herself and stepped back to enjoy the sight of her toy for a moment. Daphne was sobbing in tears, hanging suspended from her abused tits with a torture tube up her pussy. Her legs pulled sideways. Chains with weights hanging down from the large fish hooks through her nipples, from the flesh tunnels in her labia and now also from the eyelet on the torture tube. Daphne's arms hung limp next to her body, as if moving them would cause her great discomfort. 

And then there were the electrical wires running to her pierced nipples and clit. It was time to send some jolts of pain through them. 

"Sarah dear, I want you to get two more of those heavier weights while I plug up that tube." Lisa said and she took the last two electrical cables that were left hanging from the unit. The plugs on their ends were to be inserted into the metal torture tube. It had connectors at the bottom next to the eyelet and the tube was designed to administer electrical current through the extended needles. 

Lisa plugged it in, stepped over to the control unit and switched it on. 

"Better restrain her again for the next part," she said to Sarah, who put the additional weights down on the floor and connected Daphne's wrist cuffs again behind her back. 

"Now I will slowly start frying those nipples, will you add the 4th weight to the tube?" Sarah nodded and picked up the weight and hung it on the second to last link in the chain. 

Daphne twitched and screamed out when the weight was added. The needles in her pussy were pulled down so hard, it felt like her pussy was ripped out. In reality, the tube didn't even move much. 

Lisa slowly turned the dial on the electrical unit. It was programmed to deliver bursts at random intervals, so that the recipient wouldn't get used to them. Lisa manually controlled the intensity. She set it to 4 out of 16 and Daphne screamed whenever the jolts hit the pins in her nipples. 

Next was the dial for the torture tube. Lisa slowly turned it up to 4 as well and watched Daphne's body react to the pain. Her screams had turned into a long low moan which increased in volume whenever the electricity hit her.

Lisa nodded to Sarah, who picked up the fifth and final weight and hung it also from the chain on the torture tube. All in all, the needles in Daphne's cunt supported 10 lbs of weight now. The girl was still suspended from her bound tits and they had to carry her full body weight (which wasn't even 95 lbs) plus the weights that were added to her nipples, pussy lips and the torture dildo. To top it all off, Lisa had also turned the dial for the electricity on the pins behind Daphne's clit. 

Daphne didn't know what hurt where anymore, she was in so much throbbing pain everywhere in her body. She was excited that Lisa would allow her to cum in so much pain, but also a little scared. She had passed out a couple of times in other sessions before, just after orgasming, cause the orgasm would drastically&nbsp; lower her pain tolerance. 

Lisa and Sarah got together and discussed the finale of the session. They'd have Daphne kneel down on the floor with Rick fucking her from behind. Meanwhile, they'd let their sub try and masturbate herself to orgasm with a vibrating dildo. After that, she'd go back on the pyramid. 

The dommes first uncuffed Daphne's ankles, slowly guiding her legs down from their spread position. Sarah took away the ropes and cuffs while Lisa tended to the weights hanging between her sub's legs. She did not remove them, but made sure the chains didn't tangle up too much and that they wouldn't interfere with the electrical cables. Sarah used scissors to cut the ropes that were connected behind Daphne's areolas. 

"I'm going to lower you now, until your feet touch the ground," Lisa said to Daphne, "You will be allowed to kneel soon, but not yet. Try and stand up by yourself!"

Lisa used the control boxes of the two winches to lower Daphne until her feet touched the ground and also to move the second winch, which was used for the rope connected to the sub's areolas, back up to the ceiling.

Daphne's leg muscles hurt and she could barely stand on her legs. She was glad she still had some support from her breast suspension, especially since the continuous random jolts of electricity on her pussy and nipples made it hard if not impossible for her to stand. 

"Hold her while I remove the spring and cuffs," Lisa said to Sarah. Lisa waited for her assistant to support Daphne and then first uncuffed her sub's wrists. Daphne immediately used her hands to rub her sore thighs. 

Lisa removed the rope between the heavy spring coil and the belt and ropes binding Daphne's tits. It allowed Daphne to stand up straight again, the breast suspension forced her previously to arch backward. 

She stood by herself now, with Sarah standing by to make sure she wouldn't fall over. It was quite a sight: her belt-wrapped and tightly bound tits were a dark shade of purple, her areolas more like a black-ish brown. They had pins and needles all over, most of them pushed in by Daphne herself. The fish hooks through her nipples were still pulled down by their chains and weights. 

Between her legs hung chains and weights as well: two connected to the flesh tunnels in her outer labia and one from the eyelet in the torture tube that was shoved up her pussy. She twitched irregularly from the randomly timed jolts of electricity that shot through her nipples, pussy and clit. 

"Good girl," Lisa cooed, "look at you standing all by yourself! What a wonderful sight!" 

"I'm going to remove some things now. When I'm done, you may lie down on the floor and I will instruct you further."

Daphne was still in a lot of pain, albeit not as bad as when she was still suspended from her tits. As long as the weights on her torture dildo hung fairly still between her legs, the pain was constant. The only thing she had to brace for, were the electrical jolts, and she wasn't sure how much longer she could deal with those anymore. 

Lisa was about to ease things a little on her sub. She twisted the eyelet on the torture tube 180 degrees. This allowed the chain and weights to be taken off, while the sharp pins remained pushed out. After Lisa took the weights and the chain from the tube, she also removed the chains connected to Daphne's pussy lips.

She said to her sub: "Lie down on your back now, head that way, and spread your legs!"

Daphne struggled a little with lying down, the torture tube deeply embedded in her pussy made it painful for her to move. When she was down on her back, Lisa instructed her further:

"Before we give you a vibrator to masturbate yourself, you will first remove the needles and belts from your tits, then the torture tube that's in your pussy. Sarah will now reconnect the electrical cables to the pins behind your clit. It will go up a little higher now than before, I want to see you squirm when you get yourself off!"

Sarah clipped the connectors to the opposite ends of the two pins behind Daphne's clit and selected a different program on the unit control box. This setting gave a constant pulse at a lower setting of 3, while delivering randomly timed jolts at power level 6. 

Daphne started moaning as soon as the electrical current started flowing again and shrieked whenever a strong jolt attacked her. Lisa placed a small metal tray on Daphne's belly and told her to start pulling out the needles that she pushed into her tits herself. 

Distracted and interrupted by the electrical hits, Daphne tried to concentrate on taking out the twelve needles she pushed into both her tortured tits through the holes in the wide belt. She started at the top, with the few that were visible to her, and pulled them out as fast and straight as she could. It hurt to pull the needles out and it was hard to pull them straight. She felt a numbness on her chest as well as a warm glowing pain. 

It took her a couple of minutes to remove the needles and Lisa made her count every single one of them. When they were all deposited in the tray, Lisa took it from Daphne's chest, put it beside the girl and knelt down to remove the belts that were wrapped around the sub's tits. 

First the unbuckled the wide belt that compressed Daphne's bound and tortured tits. Daphne gritted her teeth and let out a long "oooooaaaaah" as Lisa carefully stripped the belt away.&nbsp; 

The removal of the belt revealed the girl's swollen, almost black-ish purple tits, dotted with drops and smears of wet and dried blood from the puncture wounds caused by the needles and the small pins on the inside of the belt. 

Sarah handed Lisa some pliers and the mistress cupped her hand around the underside of Daphne's left breast and squeezed. Daphne cried out and gasped for air. 

"I want to see enough blood," Lisa said. "As a matter of fact, I want your tits and pussy to drip when you cum. I want you to squeeze your punctured tits and fuck your tortured cunt with a dildo. I want to smell your blood in the air."

Lisa used the pliers to cut the fish hooks that were embedded in Daphne's nipples. She then proceeded to pull them out. Next were the six pins through the areolas and the two that went straight in through the nipple. The removal cost some effort and it caused quite a bit of pain for Daphne. Blood trickled slowly from the fresh puncture wounds. 

Even with the pins gone, the elastrator bands had to be cut by Lisa. They had put such an amount of pressure on the areolas for so long, that they wouldn't slip forward toward the nipple anymore. 

Daphne knew that their removal would be extremely painful, the same way it hurts so bad when strong clamps are left in place for a very long time and then are suddenly removed. Lisa cut them and brought Daphne to tears again. Her nipples were instantly on fire again and it felt like they were pierced with dozens of needles at once. 

"Okay, done!" Lisa said. "Now cup those puppies with your hands and squeeze. I want to see that blood flow out!"

Daphne cupped her bleeding tits and squeezed them gently, causing some more blood to trickle from the puncture wounds. 

"Hmm, your nipples can do better than that," Lisa noticed. She was still kneeling next to her sub. 

"Let me help you with that!" she said and picked up a thin needle from the disposal tray next to her sub. 

Without any further warning, she grabbed Daphne's bloody tits, first the left, then the right, and punctured both nipples about ten times by quickly pushing the needle in and then pulling it out like a sewing machine. 

The needle didn't hurt much, it stung a little, but the visible effect was much greater: all new puncture wounds started bleeding, causing more blood to pool on Daphne's nipples. The stinging sensation combined with the continuing electrical jolts to her pussy felt nice to Daphne. 

"Now that's more like it!" Lisa said and she got up from her knees again. "Now squeeze your tits some more!"

Daphne did as she was told, cupping both bound breasts with her hands and squeezing them. She saw and felt more blood come out. Her chest was now wet with blood, it was like someone poured a glass of sticky liquid on her tits and she was rubbing it around. 

"Good girl," Lisa praised her sub. "Now rub your bloody little hands down your stomach to your pussy and decorate yourself while I take out that tube."

Lisa first pulled a little on the eyelet, making Daphne moan in pain. Then she turned the eyelet back 180 degrees and with a click, all needles retracted into the tube. 

This instantly felt like a relief of stress to Daphne's tender pussy, but the stimulation of her bruised, electrocuted and pierced insides still caused a lot of sharp pain. The device's torture had made Daphne feel nauseous earlier on, but that feeling came back completely now. 

Lisa slowly started twisting the device, pulling it out&nbsp; by the eyelet. She revealed inch by inch of the tube, which was covered in wet blood and Daphne's slimy body fluids. 

When it was completely out, Lisa got up and held it up to the camera. She pulled the eyelet down again a couple of times to show the rows of sharp needles pushing out. 
 
"Now you may make yourself cum in a bloody mess," Lisa said to her sub. "But you will receive help from someone else. Sarah, get him!"

Rick, who'd been standing by from the beginning of the session, was brought in by Sarah. He was naked and hairless from his head down. He stood about 6'2" tall and was in good shape, though not overly muscular. The first thing anyone noticed when looking at him, were his grotesquely enlarged and swollen nipples. After years of play, the consequent tissue damage and deliberate stretching with clamps and weights, his nipples were about an inch and a half long. They stood erect on his chest, drawing immediate attention to them. Below his soft but impressive cock hung his balls with a couple stainless steel ball stretchers.

"Now be a good slut, dear, and suck him off until he's hard," Lisa said to Daphne. "He's going to pound some blood out of your pussy soon, and you better make sure his shaft gets well lubricated. Cause after that, he's going to fuck your ass until he cums and your saliva and blood are the only lubricants he will get. During your ass fucking, you will get a vibrator to make yourself cum. Better do that before he pulls out to shoot his load in your face. When he's done,&nbsp; your chances of cumming tonight will be too. Regardless, you will be placed spread-eagle on the Judas Cradle again for the rest of the night."

Daphne couldn't believe her ears. More time on that damned wooden pyramid? She wasn't looking forward to that at all, but getting fucked by Rick was always nice. She regarded it as&nbsp; kind of a treat from her mistress. 

"On your knees, slut!" Sarah instructed Daphne. The girl did as she was told and Lisa turned down the electrical unit so Sarah could remove the connectors. 

Rick looked down to Daphne and saw her bound, bruised and blood-covered tits. Lisa had summarized the session to him earlier and he had requested that her tits remained bound for the intercourse part. He loved squeezing bound tits while fucking a girl who was on all fours and he promised Lisa that he would do his best to get his hands dirty and squeeze out as much blood as he could. 

Daphne looked up to Rick and was determined to make him rock hard. She smiled and&nbsp; knew the best and quickest way to get him going was by sucking his cock, pinching his nipples and pulling on his balls. 

She started by standing up and licking his nipples while stroking his cock and stretched balls. It didn't take long for his cock to respond and she slowly started to bite and tug on his nipples while pulling on his ball stretchers. 

Rick loved this girl. She knew exactly what got him hard and executed it perfectly every time.

Daphne slowly licked down from his nipples to his cock and went back on her knees, taking his semi-erect cock between her lips and his nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. Twisting his nipples, she inhaled and sucked his cock head down her throat, his hands grabbing the back of her head and pressing her down. 

She massaged his shaft with her tongue while trying to stimulate his cock head by repeating her swallowing motion. Her nails dug into his nipples, twisting and pulling frantically as her need for air started growing. 

With his cock now fully erect, Rick pulled out of her throat. Strings of saliva hung from the tip of his cock head to her lips and Daphne gasped for air. 

"That's enough!" mistress Lisa interrupted. "On all fours, slut! Rick, pound that bleeding pussy!"

Daphne was a little disappointed about the sudden end of her fellatio, but gave Rick's cock a quick kiss and turned around, She rested on her knees and forearms and pushed her ass up into the air.

Rick moved closely behind her and guided his cock between Daphne's stretched pussy lips. Then he grabbed her waist and thrust forward and started to fuck her from behind. 

To him, she felt loose and well-lubricated. He did not pay much attention to her responses but focused on ramming as deep inside her as he could. 

She felt dozens of stings as he fucked her, her sore insides being stretched up again, rubbed against and stimulated. She moaned as the pain mixed with pleasure and one of her hands found it's way to her swollen clit, which still had two pins sitting under it. 

"Pull out," Lisa told Rick, "and show me your cock."

Rick pulled out and turned toward Lisa. His hard-on was covered in blood and slime. Some blood trickled out of Daphne's pussy and dripped down on the floor. 

"Nice job! See what a nice lubrication that is! Now fuck her ass until you're ready to shoot your load in her face. Don't forget to squeeze the juice out of&nbsp; those tits... And slut, you may use this to try and make yourself cum."

Sarah handed a skin-colored vibrating dildo to Daphne while Lisa continued: "Go ahead and masturbate yourself. Penetrate yourself deep with the vibrating dildo and see how much blood you can massage out with it!"

Daphne took the vibrator, which was already turned on and guided it into her pussy. She made sure to also hold it against her throbbing clit. She pushed the vibrator as deep as she could and then slid it out again. It was covered in blood and slime when it came out, making blood trickle out again. 

Rick positioned himself behind Daphne and probed her ass with a finger. Then he pressed the tip of his cock against her sphincter and pushed his hard cock in, slowly pushing and going into a fucking motion until he was able to slid the full length of his member into her ass with his balls and their metal stretching rings slapping against her pussy lips and her hands working the vibrator. . 

He kept fucking in and out and cupped his hands around Daphne's bound tits. He felt the wet, sticky blood covering the stretched and bound skin and rubbed his hands in it, circling her nipples. Then he squeezed. Hard. 

Daphne's moans turned into screams and she let go of the vibrating dildo in her pussy. The pain in her tits was overwhelming and she had to use both her arms to ground herself and bite the pain. After a few seconds the vibrator fell to the floor. 

Rick continued to cup his hands around her bulging and bleeding tits.&nbsp; They were too big for him to fully grab one in each hand, but he managed to squeeze them quite forcefully in a continuous rough massage.

It was quite a sight and Lisa was enjoying every moment of it. Rick thrust his cock deep into Daphne's ass and kept it pressed in while he pulled the girl upward, lifting her arms off the floor. Her cupped tits now fully visible from the front for the webstream audience. 

Rick kept massaging them and blood kept trickling from the freshly pierced holes. Her whole chest was covered in blood and he kept squeezing as if he were squeezing juice from a lemon with his hands.

Daphne moaned and grunted. She enjoyed the pain and the assfucking, but the sensations were too sharp to focus into an orgasm. He was pounding her ass like a madman and enjoyed his fuckhole. He always enjoyed fucking Daphne because she'd never complained to him during the act or after, no matter how rough he'd been with her. 

Daphne felt spent. Her body was bruised, beaten and aching everywhere. She was hoping she'd be able to use the vibrator again. But her hopes vanished when Rick pulled out and lifted her to her knees by her tits. He wiped his hands on her stomach, smearing blood all over. 

Then he got up and positioned his cock in front of Daphne's face and masturbated with his blood-covered hands. Daphne opened her mouth and tried to catch her breath. But within a few seconds he shot his load already. The first squirt went between her eyes and she quickly sucked his cock head in her mouth. 

The rest of his cum sprayed in her mouth and Daphne tried to suck and swallow it all down. Rick grabbed the back of her head and pressed her face down on his cock as his orgasm subsided. Then he let her go. 

"Now lick his cock clean of your filth," mistress Lisa yelled at Daphne. 

She didn't hesitate but lapped her tongue over the full length of his shaft and made sure to go all around and back and forth. Within half a minute, it was squeaky clean. Rick got up and was escorted away again by Sarah after Lisa thanked him for his efforts. 

"Well I'm sorry that you weren't able to cum yourself, dear, but you're going back on the pyramid now," Lisa addressed her sub, who was inspecting her bloody tits. 

"Don't worry about those tits just yet, I will take care of them soon. Now get up!"

Daphne was positioned on top of the pointy wooden pyramid of the Judas Cradle again, her full weight on her aching pussy with her hands cuffed to a spreader bar above her head. Mistress Lisa removed the belt and rope that were wrapped around the base of her tits, allowing them to hang free and enjoy circulation again. 

This is how the "Judas Cradle Session" came to an end for the web site subscribers after roughly 75 minutes. Daphne had to endure another hour on the device before Lisa took her off. 









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DolorDelectatio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





