BDSM Library -  Out of the Blue




 Out of the Blue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   News of a huge inheritance from an unknown relative arrives by email from Nigeria.Only a few minor clauses of the will need to be complied with, and the money is hers.What could possibly go wrong?






Out of the Blue

By Sensory Overlord, 2011

F-self, Mast, Humil, Bondage, Orgasm Denial, NC, email scammers

News of a huge inheritance from an unknown relative arrives by email from Nigeria.
Only a few minor clauses of the will need to be complied with, and the money is hers.
What could possibly go wrong?

------

On a crowded train commuting home from work on Friday evening, Julie daydreams, anticipating her weekend. She is 23, blond, her hourglass figure just a little plump in the rear, and not terribly flattered by her plain working skirt and blouse. She's had another boring day as deliveries receptionist and phone switch operator at Aabott's Airconditioning and Furnace, a parts importer and building services company in a small old warehouse style building in a dingy industrial suburb. Her desk is downstairs at the front entrance, the rest of the offices are upstairs at the back of the building. Almost all she ever sees each day is truck drivers making deliveries and pickups. They all seem to be either grossly overweight, ancient, heavily tattooed, or butch dykes. They all try to chat her up, and she has her blocking routine down pat by now. Between taking calls and delivery guys trying to hit on her, her boss doesn't mind if she reads books, so she does.

She's a shy, quiet girl. During high school she spent way too much time watching trashy TV and reading romance novels, and barely matriculated. It took her months to find this job, and at 19, with a rather plain personality and unimpressive school record, she considered herself lucky to get it. She has been there ever since. A year ago she'd moved out of her parent's home, to a small flat of her own. Most of her school friends went on to uni and have lost touch. She'd never had a boyfriend, and partly because she has very little spare money after food, rent, bills and simple clothes, but mostly because she's shy. She didn't go out much when she was in school, and still doesn't.

Six months ago she bought a PC, and an internet connection together with the cable TV. She spent a lot of time on VR social sites like IMVU and Habo. Then she discovered internet porn.

Even from her early teens, her masturbation fantasies often involved being tied up, helpless to defend herself against imaginary and very exciting indignities.&nbsp; It had never occurred to her to try acting out these situations on her own, till on the net she saw pictures of real girls actually tied and bound. Suddenly she had a new, and very private hobby. Soon she discovered a web 'forum' where many people interested in bondage discussed their experiences and ideas. It was all terribly new and exciting to her. She registered for the forum and filled in all the boxes to set up her profile, but wasn't sure how to make one of the little pictures everyone else had with their posts. Not having one of those, and being shy, stopped her from daring to post herself, so she just read other people's conversations.

She'd gone to a hardware store and bought herself some nice soft ropes, some lengths of light chain and various padlocks. She'd even once a few weeks ago worked up enough courage to go into an 'adult shop' in the city and buy a vibrator. Unfortunately she was so flustered that she forgot to get batteries. It had then taken her three more days to dare to buy batteries for it at the local supermarket. She was afraid the checkout girl (who knew her by name) would just *know* why she was buying a bulk pack of C cells. It never occurred to her to buy them somewhere else.

Since buying those supplies, most of her evenings and weekends at home have been with all the curtains firmly closed. She's taken to staying naked while wearing some rope bondage almost constantly, and either reading a novel, or web-surfing. With breaks for vibrator use and meals, in roughly equal amounts.

Now on the train, sitting squeezed between a fat 50-ish lady and a 30-ish African guy-in-a-suit, she's pretending to read her novel. But is really thinking of her plans for tonight. Earlier that week she found a site with pictures of Japanese rope bondage, including detailed instructions for how to tie some of them. One in particular had set her pulse racing. It had a kind of zigzag mesh over the torso, starting at the neck down to the waist. Then a doubled strand of rope pulled tightly into the girl's crotch. A very red-faced, aroused looking girl, and after thinking about it for a while, Julie could imagine why. Because just the movement of her chest as she breathed would draw the cords tighter into her sex. The girl was hanging from her ankles tied to a horizontal bamboo shaft, so she hung upside down in an open doorway with a Japanese cityscape outside. With her arms tied tightly behind her she was clearly going to be hung up there for a while, in full view of anyone looking from other buildings. Unable to stop stimulating herself, her own panting driving her to orgasm again and again, until someone decided to take her down.

Julie couldn't see how she could manage the upside down part, or the arms tied behind her back. The idea of tying herself in the open balcony door of her 3rd floor apartment so any of her neighbors could see her, gave her a nasty thrill but was certainly impractical. She just planned to put herself in that body-crotch tie, and then pretend she was a captive and not allowed to take it off. No matter how shamefully she was affected by it in front of her captors, who would probably torment her obscenely for the entire weekend.

She became so wrapped up in these thoughts that she nearly missed her station. She'd had to jump up suddenly and squeeze past the African suit's knees, then urgently squeeze through the standing passengers near the door. She'd barely made it. Only walking on the platform did she realize how very wet her panties felt. Brushing her hand across the back of her dress, she thought she could feel a damp spot. She's afraid to try to look, walking among so many other commuters towards the station exit gates. It must be very obvious... everyone walking behind her would surely spot it. She felt her neck and face reddening, then thinking anyone watching her would notice that too, and know that she'd been having naughty thoughts. Maybe one of the men walking behind her would know, and would stealthily follow her on her walk home! Then pick the lock of her door once she was asleep, and find her... she imagines herself lying naked and asleep, tied in her Japanese rope bondage. Then her weekend fantasy would be for real. She shivers, visualizing. A few minutes later, walking down her street towards her block of units she has a sudden creepy feeling that someone is watching her from behind. Without thinking she smoothes the rear hem of her dress down, checking it didn't ride up somehow. Then she feels silly for doing that, and she dares to look around behind her. Apart from one middle aged man lifting a cardboard box into the rear seat of a parked car, there's no one else in the street. He did seem to have been quickly turning away just as she looked behind her though. Like he didn't want to draw attention to himself. The rest of the walk down the street she's wondering what he had in that box. 


Letting herself into her apartment, she closes the door behind her and double checks that it's locked. She's fitting the chain bolt into its socket when the thought of her 'stealthy follower' pops back into her head. She feels foolish for imagining someone would be following her, and hesitates. 'Really, this is silly. I can always put the chain on if someone knocks' she thinks. She disconnects the chain bolt again, letting it hang free. It gives her a strange thrill, to think of her door having only the one lock engaged while she's inside naked and tied. 'As I will soon be.' She kicks off her work shoes and walks barefoot across the small dining room to her even smaller bedroom.

When she'd moved in the place was unfurnished. To give herself room and also because she was poor, she didn't buy a new double bed, but took her old single bed from home. She's still happy with that, thinking that it's not likely she'd need a double bed for a while yet anyway. On other week days she'd carefully hang her work clothes up in the built-in closet, but today being Friday they will all be getting washed before Monday. So she simply tosses her blouse, skirt, bra and knickers in a heap on the bed. Her undies are as damp as they felt, and when she checks her skirt there really is a small stain on the back, now dried. She makes a mental note to soak them overnight.

The closet sliding doors are mirrors so she has a full-length close-up of herself as she slides one back to fetch the environmentally friendly shopping bag containing her bondage kit. With the thought of her stained dress still in her mind, and the plain single bed behind her naked body in the reflection, an image of herself as a naughty nun comes to her. A nun who's just been noticed by the Mother Superior to have wet her skirt with the juices of her unholy lusts, and ordered to strip for inspection and punishment. Looking at herself closely in the mirror it's clear that the Mother Superior and all the other sisters would have no doubt of her sinfulness. Her sex is damp and swollen with her heat, and her nipples are poking out fully now they are free of her bra. She wants very much to touch herself, but imagines how impossible that would be with all the other nuns watching her. Turning her hand, she visualizes it belonging to the older woman, reaching a single extended middle finger to probe the sinful nun's shame. The finger performs a peremptory stroke upwards along the nun's damp slit, gathering the slippery dew of her lust. It then drops back, and thrusts unceremonially into her humid depths. The nun tries desperately to contain a moan of sinful pleasure at the touch, but the stern-faced Mother Superior glares into the young woman's beseeching gaze, and thrusts her finger again, and again, till the young woman gasps for breath and cries out in her uncontrollable lust.

Julie watches herself in the mirror as she plays the role of the found-out nun. She imagines the large audience of fellow nuns watching and listening as she cries out as the single finger thrusts in her, both pleasuring and frustrating in its narrow finger width. She cries out as the nun would, just so.... Practices it several more times, trying to perfect the tone of despairing shame and lust. Each time she pauses, then repeats the short burst of rapid thrusts the older woman would subject her to, followed by the loss of self control and the crying moan.&nbsp; Yes, just like that, the entire convent would know her shame from *that* moan, conveying all her pent-up celibate desires, the ache of her empty vagina and still untouched straining clitoris, combined into one drawn out sigh both admitting her sin and begging for more. 

She acts the Mother Superior bringing the glistening finger up close, shaking it at her face, holding it up for all to see. Imagines the older woman's angry commands. "Take her! Bathe her very well to cleanse her of these sweats of lustfulness. You must torment the devil within her, yet take care not to release it. Then bind her and bring her to the altar!"

She smiles at herself in the mirror, cupping her breasts, spreading her thighs and thrusting her sex forward. Yes, she'd make a very good sexy sinning nun. Perhaps she should join a convent? And then perhaps not. Still smiling and enjoying the shimmering heat wave these thoughts have raised in her sex, she walks into the combined bathroom/laundry off her bedroom. She dumps the day's clothes into the washing machine, runs in some water and a little stain remover, then steps into the shower. She makes it very brief, all the while carefully refusing to grant her pussy the attention it's pleading for. All the better to enjoy the ropes.

Once dried off, she goes naked back out to the dining room, carrying the shopping bag. Her PC is on the bench dividing the dining room from the miniscule kitchen area. She starts it up, and while it's booting she dumps the bag contents out on the bench top. There are several lengths of white soft synthetic rope, that she's carefully melted and formed the ends of to stop them fraying, as one of the websites she read instructed. It had taken her a few tries to get the hang of that, to produce a neat, rounded rope end, without burning her fingers on the hot nylon. There's also her vibrator, and a packet of spare batteries. Plus an unopened packet of plastic clothes pins, which she'd been reluctant to actually try so far.

With the PC now ready, she opens the file she'd saved on how to tie this complicated rope thing. It's a picture series, of a rather plump Asian girl tying herself up, step by step. The tie is the same as the in the picture of a very beautiful girl hanging upside down, and looking like she likes it a lot. So, a little breathless now, standing at the kitchen bench beside her PC screen, she begins.

Starting with her long rope, she holds the ends together then slips back along the doubled strand to find the center. That goes over her head, so the rope center rests at the back of her neck; the two ends coming forward over her shoulders. Then a simple half-loop knot tying both stands together midway between her chin and the tops of her breasts. Another knot just below her breasts, and another one just at her belly button. Now for the critical last knot at the front - the one that is supposed to rest on top of her clit when all this is finished. It's obvious that when things are tightened up, the knot will be slightly higher than its original position. So by repeated attempts she ties it so it's maybe half an inch below her clit.

Then the two strands of the rope loop down through her slit, and up through the crease of her bum. Obviously, this has to be done tightly, with the rope pulled right into her slit. She does that, thrilling at the initial sensation of her sex being cleaved by the rope that will be nestling there for a long time. Then the strands run straight up her back, and are slipped through the rope loop at the back of her neck.

Mmm... Pulling the strands tight back down her back she can already feel this starting to grip her body. Now the two strands are separated. One goes down over each of her shoulder blades, under her arms then forward to the double strand between the first two knots. They lace through here, right between her breasts, then pull outwards again. This turns the short, straight double strand into a pulled-open diamond shape. The two rope ends go outwards, below her breasts and wrap right around her back. They each come back to the front on the opposite side, then lace through the double strand again, this time between the second and third knots. This too now pulls open into a diamond. She can really feel the tightness increasing in her crotch as the double strand is shortened by these diamonds.

Now the rope ends wrap back around her again, then return to lace through between the front third and fourth knots. Lastly the ropes pull around behind her hips and knot together behind her. Done!

She looks down at herself, and the mesh of rope enclosing her. The sight is erotic just by itself, but when she takes a breath the full diabolical effect hits her. Every breath she takes makes the vertical rope pull up hard into her slit. It turns out she made a pretty good guess about the clot-knot position. It's pressing right over her nub, and each breath makes the knot move tightly up and down, directly on her most sensitive spot. Inescapably. She tries different ways of breathing, both with her chest and by moving only her diaphragm so her stomach does the work, and nothing stops that devilish knot from rubbing at her clit with every breath.


She cooks herself dinner, naked, roped, and dreaming of a sex-starved novice nun bound like this. The woman standing before an altar, wrists tied together above her head by a single rope to the arched roof high above, her feet on the floor but held widely apart by ankles tied to rings in the floor, the Mother Superior delivering a sermon on the sins of the flesh to a full hall of sisters. All staring at the naked young nun's helplessly rising arousal as her own sighs and gasps worked the knotted rope back and forth over her long-starved love knot. Before her on a stand lies the flogger that will be used to administer the punishment for her carnal behavior. After that, her penance will commence - to remain naked and bound in this rope embrace day and night, through all her daily duties, until she learns to quell the sinful responses of the flesh.


By the time she's finished cooking the arousal is building strongly, making her really want to come. She decides to pretend she isn't allowed to masturbate - just has to live with the ropes.
Watches some TV while eating dinner, after tying her ankles wide apart to the legs of the sofa. She's really starting to pant now, feeling herself building to having an orgasm soon. Imagines her rough male captors standing around her, taunting her about how horny she is. How it looks like she's going to come any moment, but she doesn't have _permission_ to cum. In fact she's forbidden, and if she disobeys by coming she's going to get a severe spanking. So she'd better learn to control herself. Later, if she's a good girl and when they *want* to see her cumming, they'll put a vibrator inside her, under the ropes. Then she'll be begging them to let her *stop* cumming.

It's really driving her crazy, and she decides she's had enough TV. She unties her ankles, and goes over to the PC. The rope tying instructions are still up on the screen so she clears that. Decides to check her email, then look for some porn stories involving a girl captive and tied in her own home. Logs into her service's mail account. Nothing much, just some advertisements for skin care products and something to increase the size of her penis. And one with a subject line "NEXT OF KIN".
Her sex is really screaming by now. It's getting very hard to sit still and hold her breathing to a minimum, so her captors don't start talking about spankings again. Yet. She's thinking about how she's probably going to lose control of herself soon, and then there'll be a spanking for sure, as she deletes the advertisements then opens the 'Kin' email.

&nbsp; - - - -

From: "BARRISTER MARIAM AJAO OMOTORIOLA" [baristermomotoriola@justmailz.com]
Reply-To: baristermomotoriola@starplace.com
Date: Tue, 2 Dec 2010 10:59:15 +0000
Subject: NEXT OF KIN
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6900 DM
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit


ATTENTION: Julie.

I am Barrister Mariam Ajao omotoriola, a solicitor at law. I am the personal
attorney to Ms Andrea Allison and her husband Bertrand Allison, both nationals
of your country, who for 23 years past resided in Kano, Nigeria.
Herein after shall be referred to as my clients.

On the 21st of April 2010, my clients and their three sons were
involved in a car accident along Kano to Abuja express road. All
occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives. Since then I have
made several enquiries to your embassy to locate any of my clients
extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several
unsuccessful attempts, I decided to track there last name over the Internet,
to locate any member of her family hence I contacted you. I have contacted
you to assist in repatriating the assets and Capital valued at
US$15.5million left behind by my clients before they get confiscated or
declared unserviceable by the Security Finance Firm where this huge
deposits were lodged. The said Security Finance Company has issued me a
notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within
the next fourteen official working days.

Therefore, on receipt of your positive response, we shall then discuss the
sharing ratio and modalities for transfer. I have all necessary formation
and legal documents needed to back you up for claim. Mainly I require from
you is your honest cooperation to enable us see this transaction through.
I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that
will protect you from any breach of the law.

One small difficulty obstructs perhaps. Mr and Ms Allison had registered
wills each leaving their assets to the other. Now both are died, there is
no particular heir. However both wills insist also that the inheritance only
pass to, heir having practice of unusual interests. My clients had this
interest, and stipulated details in the wills that make some awkward
requirement for us. Pardon my discussion such details, but are unavoidable
since the wills were registered with court here. So must be proven compliance.
The Allisons were 'bondage' practicing. Heir must also be same, wills say.

Court here is sure to be not wanting to look closely into such matters of
personal. Only is necessary to provide simple demonstration of you are doing
this things with 'bondage'. With my submission of legal documents to Court
will be only needed one picture of your good self in these practices, with
signature as yours.

Understandable this may be impossible for, you are shocked and refusing such
behaviors. Unfortunate if so, Ihave not found any other distant relatives,
and time is narrow.

If in good fortune you can provide such picture, please respond urgently with
said picture so I can representations to the Court for halting claim action by
Security Finance Firm. 

Other documents will be birth certificate certified copy and, funds destination
coordinates.

PLEASE REPLY THROUGH THIS EMAIL ADDRESS

PRIVATE EMAIL: baristermomotoriola@starplace.com 
EMAIL : baristermomotoriola@justmailz.com 
BUSINESS: http://biznetz.com.cx

TEL: 234- 34 - 6 9 0 0 7 5 6 8 7 
TEL: 234- 874 - 762534785
FAX: 234 - 874 - 762534786
FAX: 234-33- 1 5 3 0 1 3 3 8 4

I am waiting to hear from you soon.

Best regards,
Barriser Mariam Ajao omotoriola.

&nbsp; - - - -

By the time she has struggled through this very long email with the difficult wordings, she can't decide whether to jump up and down in excitement or go and take an aspirin for a headache. Why do things have to be so complicated? Who are these Allisons that have been living in Nigeria for... 23 years? That's the same as her age! No wonder she's never heard of them. Maybe they came from the Allison family branch her Aunt once mentioned live over on the west coast? She's never had any contact with them and hasn't spoken with her aunt for two years either, since the aunt made some snarky comments about people who didn't make it to university.

How much did he say again? She picks out the figure - over fifteen million! My god they were really rich!
She skims through it again to the end. It strikes her now how hilariously funny it is, that this barrister thinks she might be 'shocked and refusing such behaviors' - when here she is sitting at her computer almost squirming off her seat because of how the rope in her crotch is driving her nuts, and the faster she pants in and out, the hotter her sex gets as the rope pulls and shifts in her slit. Yes, this experiment is a success! This rope trick works very well.

Back to the email. The barrister says it's urgent, or some finance company is going to get the money. But... she doesn't have any photos of herself like... well, like she is now. In fact she doesn't even have a film camera, so how can she sign a picture and send... Oh. She realizes she's being dumb. He wants her to send it in email, so it can't be a paper photo. But then how can she sign it?

While she's wondering that she gets up and searches for her small digital camera. At least she knows how to get the pictures from that into the photo album thingy on her computer. By the time she's found it she's very proud of herself for thinking of a solution. She's seen pictures on those forum sites of girls (and guys) holding up pieces of paper with the date and other messages (often mysterious to her) written on them in marker pen. She could do that right now, signing her name and with the date. So the picture would be signed, and she could send it in email straight away!
The idea of sending a picture of herself, nude and bound in ropes, to anyone else let alone a complete stranger makes her blush an even deeper shade of pink than she is already. But, she thinks, it's not like anyone in Nigeria who sees the picture is ever going to meet her or anyone she knows. Also, sixteen million dollars!

So she finds a sheet of blank paper and signs very large with a thick pen "Julie Allison 5th Dec 2010". Then she sets her camera for delayed shot, sets it down on the desk and steps back into its view. Holding up the piece of paper she automatically moves it over her crotch for modesty. Then realizes what she's doing and how silly it is. Better to show how *really* into bondage she is, just to make sure. So she pulls the paper to the side, next to her hip. Now the full zigzag of ropes down her front is visible, right down to where the twin strands sink into her slit. The flash goes off just as she's reconsidering the exposed crotch bit. Too late.

Oh well. She takes a few more shots in different poses, getting more daring as she goes. After all, she reasons, there's no need to send more than one, and this whole idea of taking naughty shots of herself is giving her a huge thrill. She can't wait to see how they turn out big on her PC screen. Now she's having fun doing this she's not sure why it didn't occur to her before. She can put the pictures somewhere secret in her PC, and no one but her will ever see them. They will be just for her. So really - this thought makes her feel all tingly - there's no reason she shouldn't see how very, very naughty she can be in them. What would that look like? Only one way to find out!

She's been doing shots facing the camera while fondling and squeezing her breasts, then standing with her legs wide and straight as she progresses through simple caresses of her sex to ones with the crotch ropes held apart and her fingers inserted in her pussy. Then she does some facing away from the camera, still with legs spread but now bent over at the waist so her bum and pussy are directly facing the camera, showing exactly how deeply the crotch rope digs into her slit. It occurs to her that her bum will probably look horribly huge in these. Just the sort of pictures her captors would shoot, then delight in taunting her about the size of her arse and how much it needed spanking! Oh well, she can always delete these bum-pics if they are too awful.
Thinking about her ruffian captors forcing her into humiliating poses makes her even hotter. What else would they make her do, she wonders? She has a few ideas, and does some more bent over like this but with fingering of her pussy over and then between the ropes. At that point she remembers her vibrator and also some pictures she saw of a girl in this position with a marker pen stuck up her bum hole. Now *that's* naughty! she thinks. She tries it with her marker she used for the 'sign', and it slips into her tight rear hole easily due to some of her pussy juice that has run back there.

More photos, with the odd feel of moving about with the pen in her rear, and the way the ropes pull and tug on it too. Which reminds her the vibrator is still standing on the computer table next to the camera. So she pushes that into her pussy as well, between the twinned ropes, then takes some more 'bent over' pictures. The whole thing is getting so exciting, it would hardly take anything to make her cum now. Just one quick turn of the vibrator base switch... She fingers the switch, thinking that her camera can take short videos and if she timed it right she could get a video of herself coming like a total slut, ropes, vibrator, marker pen and all. She's just about to try that, when she remembers that she was playing a game in which she isn't being allowed to cum, instead tormented by her captors to very close to cumming. And she was doing all this so she could reply to the email about the inheritance.

Her make-believe captor's game and the email thing kind of blend a little in her imagination, and as she's pulling out the&nbsp; marker pen and sitting down again at the PC, she plays with the fantasy, extending it. Her captors are holding her prisoner here, forcing her to pose in lewd positions and acts, as they photograph her for a blackmail portfolio. She is a soon-to-be heiress to a great fortune, and they will be using the pictures to make her agree to sign over the money, and also serve them indefinitely, for fear of them publishing the pictures and ruining her reputation. Her only hope is to somehow buy off the blackmailers, but where could she ever find that much money? As scenes of her tortured captivity play in her head, she's connecting up the USB cable to the camera, and moving the pictures to her PC. She's very cleverly made a folder named secretpics hidden inside something called system32, which is filled with lots of weird stuff no one would ever be looking at. Once they are all moved, she opens the first - the one she took to send in the email.

She's amazed how sexy she looks, with the ropes indenting her body and cutting into her sex like that. The sign came out clearly too. It will do fine. She clicks reply on the barrister's email and attaches the picture. She writes:

&nbsp; - - - -

Dear Ms Omotoriola,

I am very sad to hear of the deaths of Andrea and Bertrand, and their children.
Although I did not know them I expect they were distant relatives through my
family branch on the west coast, and I thank you for your trouble in locating me.
Of course I am happy to assist you in meeting the requirements of their will.
Don't worry, I am not shocked by the 'small difficulty'. You see I have sent
you a photo that should meet your request. That is me and my signature, taken
today. I suppose if you must present this to the court then I OK that.

Best regards, and hoping to hear from you about the next steps,

Julie Allison

&nbsp; - - - -

By the time she hits 'send' she's really struggling to stay focused despite the torturous knot dragging back and forth slowly over her clit with each breath. Her fantasy has drifted off into scenes where her captors have been forcing her to write a ransom demand note, complete with pictures of herself being sexually abused and humiliated, which she has just sent. At one point she'd caught herself actually adding several of the more perverted pictures she's just taken, to the email. She very carefully made sure she deleted those before sending!

One last little thing she was wondering about, and she's done. She opens Microsoft Internet Explorer, thinking to have a look at the web site he mentioned in his email - http://biznetz.com.cx
However something seems to be wrong somewhere; there's only a picture of some clouds and a message about 'site cannot be reached'. She clicks the 'X' to close the window, and for some reason when it closes there's another Explorer window behind it with some kind of advertisement for penis enlargement pills. 'How many of those things has she seen?' she wonders, closing that window too. 'If she actually had a penis, maybe she'd be interested.' Now, she thinks, where were we?

Oh yes... Now the ransom note is sent, her captors become more inventive. Despite still forbidding her to cum, they start forcing her to do things that make this more and more difficult for her. She tries hard to control herself, but they are clearly not going to be happy till they have forced her into a humiliating climax as they watch and laugh at her. For a long while they command her to play with her breasts and nipples, squeezing her lovely girls into distorted shapes and tormenting the sensitive nipples with cruel pinches and twisting of her fingers. She's completely unable to disguise what these sensations do to the flames in her sex, and as her hips hump in time to her fingers' work at her nipples; they jeer and tease her about her animal reactions.

Yet somehow she holds out. The orgasm keeps looming over her, and by sheer force of will she keeps beating it back. She knows that all this resistance and delay is only making things worse for her in the long run. The greater the pressure, the bigger the eventual explosion. A principle of her body she's well aware of. But this is beyond her control - they order her not to cum, and she doesn't.

Then they drag things to a new level. She's forced to put new batteries into her vibrator, then sit on her bed with her legs apart while they tie her ankles to the corner legs of the bed. Actually she finds that with the rope tie she's wearing she can't bend far enough to tie her ankles sitting like that, so the flow of her fantasy is slightly interrupted while she gets up again to tie ropes to the bed legs. She does all four while she's at it, then hops back onto the bed and takes up the scene again. They are tying her legs... as widely apart as this small bed will allow. Then her left wrist is placed in a rope loop and pulled tight to the head of the bed. She finds that lying vulnerable and open on her back like this makes the crotch rope tie even more damnably stimulating, since her every squirm tugs at the rope along her back - the other end of the forces acting to rub that knot across her poor clit.

Now one of them turns on the vibrator, softly, and starts drawing it delicately across all her most tingly sensitive spots. She imagines that her free right hand holding the vibrator is really tied like the other, and there's nothing she can do to defend herself against this new, cruel teasing. The torturers persist in drawing the buzzing vibrator tip back and forth across and around her nipples, till they feel like they will explode. The lines between her nipples and sex are smoking with the messages of arousal, and she feels like she's going to pass out from the struggle to avoid cumming, or catch fire and burn to the bedline.

Then the utter swine torturing her present her with a devastating final attack. They press the pointy tip of the vibrator between the twin ropes cutting through her sex, and force the fat, buzzing thing into her vagina. Slowly, the thing is worked deeper into her, sinking the sword of buzz into the heart of her desire. Worst of all, the hellish thing is still set on Low, as if to mock her by the *almost* possible task of resisting its drag towards orgasm. She tries; she struggles, but knows that eventually, not yet but certainly, she will lose. Mercilessly, the tool of sexual doom is pressed deeper into her, till its tip reaches her very depths, and nuzzles against her cervix, and the special spot just above it where she is helpless to resist. Still deeper it pushes, shifting her insides, stretching, forcing rearrangements. Then the dreaded moment, when the base pops past the ropes in her labia and the ropes snap back into place over it. The single finger still between the ropes continues to mockingly demonstrate its power over her, by thrusting the vibrator a little deeper, then letting it drop back against the ropes, which halt it.

Briefly the finger withdraws, but only to allow her inner muscles time to acquaint themselves with the reality that they are utterly unable to expel the buzzing invader. Then possessively the finger returns, worming between the ropes and repeatedly jogging the vibe up and down inside her, banging it into that special deepest spot each time. Just to underline the undeniable reality that her innermost, most precious place is hugely invaded by a buzzing barbarian, and there's nothing, utterly nothing she can do to resist the rape of her will, her mind's control of her own body, and the total overthrow of any foolish thoughts she might have about holding herself back from the abyss of orgasm. Each rude thrust of that thing inside her saying: Your body. And all. Its pleasures. And your. Mind too. Are mine! You will. Come soon. When I. Want you. To Cum. But first. You will. Suffer. Some. MORE!

Having made its point so forcefully the finger withdraws again. Leaving her panting breaths torturing her clit via the rope, and the motionless, softly buzzing fat rod sitting deadly inside her like some kryptonite cock up Superman's arse. She's barely aware of what she's doing as her right hand fumbles for the remaining rope at the head of the bed, and loops it around and around her wrist.

Then her fantasy is complete, and she lets herself go entirely to the unspeakable torment of slowly, slowly approaching fearsome death by massive orgasmic Juggernaut. The only thing she has any control over is the rate of rise of her course towards climax. She can slow it down to almost standstill by trying to minimize her deep breaths, and by a little by thinking about the mighty spanking she's been threatened if she comes. But she can't hold her breath for long, and sometimes the idea of a painful spanking seems to make her more excited not less. So the rise continues... Sometimes the feeling in her crotch that it's going to explode soon is so unbearably intense that she wishes a giant mechanical claw would tear her entire sex out of her. Other times the feeling of impending sexual Force 9 storm is so unnerving she wants to run screaming from it.

Then there are the times she loses herself into huffing, straining, hip-humping abandonment to pleasure, forgetting her intent to draw things out, and doing everything she can to bring it on. These episodes too are somewhat counterproductive, since nothing she does has much effect on the sensations inside from the vibrator humming away, really letting herself go ends up causing too much clitoral stimulation, that passes over pleasure into pain. So she keeps flip-flopping between states, never advancing very far, but never slipping back either. Each little step leading her helplessly towards her fate.

Now and then she has the presence of mind to look at her bedside clock. It takes about an hour and a half to reach her first orgasm. Which goes on for what seems like minutes, till she passes out.

When she wakes up again she realizes she must have been out quite a while, since it's now around 10.30pm.
The other news is, the vibrator is still buzzing softly and she's well on the way towards another orgasm. She considers untying herself and calling it a night, but then thinks that her captors would find it very amusing to force her over and over to these slow, tortured orgasms. Especially with each one representing another chalk-mark on her punishments scoreboard. So she winds the ropes a few more times around her wrists, and 'resigns herself to helplessness'.


By the time the batteries run down around 3am, she's had three more climaxes, the last one of which took a very long time to build, but then seemed to go on an on and on. As if her body couldn't believe she was really cumming again, and was forgetting or unable to do whatever it should do to wind things down. In the end the orgasm just sort of faded away as the vibrator batteries finally ran down. Even then, she later wasn't sure which came first, the end of the orgasm, or sleep.


Sometime in the early hours of the morning, in the dining room the hard disk activity light of her still-running PC begins to blink. It continues to flicker on and off for over an hour.


-----
To be continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   SensoryOverlord


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





