BDSM Library - Donna's Transformation 




Donna's Transformation 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:       Donna has enjoyed using her body to climb the corporate ladder. Now it's payback time. She's blackmailed by a man who is going to completely de-feminize her, turning her into a gay/lesbian/drag queen sex toy.






DONNA'S TRANSFORMATION

CHAPTER 1 - [The weekend before and the First Tuesday]

Peter finished writing his notes and put his pen down. He'd turn in his report tomorrow, but they'd already agreed that Peter would call the shots so there was no point not explaining things to Donna right away. He turned around in his chair and watched them. Donna was on her back, legs wrapped around Tom's back, eyes rolled back in her head, cumming again.&nbsp; Her beautiful blond mane was splayed on the pillow, Peter could see her expertly manicured fingernails running up and down Tom's sides. Her body was sweat soaked and glistening. Tom was the third man she'd fucked this afternoon and she got hotter with each one. He arched his back and groaned loudly as he cam inside her, pumping hard and fast now, buried to the hilt. Donna moaned as she came one last time.

"Get dressed and get out," Peter told Tom. Tom looked at him and laughed. "You're the boss, boss."

He climbed off of the bed and went into the bathroom to clean himself up. Donna lay panting on the bed, legs spread wide, cum oozing from between her cunt lips. Peter looked at her again. Yes, this was going to be perfect.

Her body was slim, boyish with 36C breasts. Her face had that androgynous look that fashion magazines loved so much in the 1970's. With her makeup on, she was exquisitely feminine but without it, she was ambiguous. Peter smiled. That was perfect.

"Just lay there," he told her. He sat on the edge of the bed and ran his hand along the inside of her right thigh, from just above the knee until he touched her cunt. She squirmed slowly, breathing heavily again, immediately ready for another round.

"You're quite a woman, aren't you?" he said.

"I love to fuck if that's what you mean," she retorted. Peter stroked her skin gently, let his fingers run through her pussy hair. It was trimmed to a straight line across the top and along the line of the top of her thigh, but she wasn't bald or landing stripped like so many of the other women. That made sense, though. In her mid 40's, she was of the wrong generation for that look.

"But you know that, don't you? You know I'm a married woman and I'm fucking Rod and that's why I'm here," she snapped at him.

Peter remained calm, ran his hand over her belly, then across her right breast. The nipple was still hard from earlier. Her tugged it gently and she ground her bottom into the bed. "I also have pictures of you and your boss, don't forget that." He stood up and stared down at her. "And you're right, that's exactly why we're here. I have plans for you."

"I fucked two of your friends yesterday and three today. What other plans could you have?" She sat up, started to move her right leg to the edge of the bed.

"Don't move until I tell you to move," he said in an even voice. Donna felt it shoot though her. There was something about his voice that commanded obedience. Even if he didn't have the pictures he'd showed her, she would have found it hard not to follow his instructions. "Lay back down and open your legs. Wide." She did as she was told. "Wider. Until your calves hang off the edges of the bed." Donna opened herself as wide as she could, felt her ankles and part of her legs slide downward. She felt the jism dripping down between her ass cheeks and closed her eyes, enjoying the rush.

Peter heard Tom come out of the bathroom. "Peter, that was amazing. Thanks. First class pussy, first class all the way." He opened the door to the hotel room and let himself out.

"You are a very sensuous woman, aren't you?" Peter asked. "You love dressing in those expensive outfits you wear to the office. You enjoy using your body to get what you want. I know you've only been at AXR for two and a half years and have already been promoted twice. Powers likes his pussy, doesn't he?"

Donna squirmed. How did he know so much about her and Roger? He was right, she'd come on board at the financial firm in the summer of 2005 and immediately spotted Roger Powers as the star to hitch her wagon to. They'd fucked only a dozen or so times but it had been enough. He was taking good care of her career.

"And this stud? Rod? What a stupid name by the way. Blond hair, blue eyed. I presume he surfs, hm? Well, he would if we were anywhere near water." Peter drilled each word into her head, he was laying his cards on the table - he seemed to know everything about her. "And poor Todd. You've been married just over eight years now, right? Let's see...if you started fucking Powers two years ago, that means you didn't even wait for the seven year itch." Peter slid forward onto the bed and leaned close to Donna's face. "You are a real whore, aren't you?" He leaned closer. "No doubt it was a smart career move, but you loved it didn't you?" He bent closer still. "Powers' cock inside you. All that money and power under the spell of Donna and her golden snatch. A real whore." He stood up and stood with his arms crossed, watching her. Donna didn't move, just stared back at him, her breath measured and slow.

Finally, he spoke. "Donna. You are all woman. The perfect woman, actually. Lithe body, pleasant sized breasts, long blonde hair, manicure, pedicure, intelligent, and sexy. Very sexy in fact. I've loved watching you cum. You wear expensive clothes, the best perfume, tasteful jewelry. The complete package. And best of all, an incredible fuck. You are an amazing fuck. I've brought in five of my best bulls and you've impressed them all. Velvet snatch. Soft lips. An enthusiastic fuck but not aggressive. Frankly, you're one of the most amazing pieces of pussy I've seen in a long time." He smiled as he watched her. She was actually responding to his description of her body, her lips slightly parted, her nipples there was no point waiting to announce the news to Donna.&nbsp; just a bit, but enough for him to notice.

"All of that's going to change. I'm going to see you next week on Tuesday and Thursday. Every week from now on actually. You will be here on Tuesday at six in the morning, you will be sent home at two a.m. Wednesday. On Thursday, be here at four in the afternoon, you can go home at two."

Donna laughed. "You're crazy. I have a job. You know that - you know everything *else* about me!"

"Not my problem. I'm booked on the weekends and on Wednesday. And Monday's just too early in the week."

She shook her head. "No, you don't understand. I'm married. I have a home. I have a job. I can't just..."

"Donna, you are going to be an ass slut from now on. We'll get you started on Tuesday and continue on Thursday. You'll get used to it quickly, I expect," he lied. "I really find it quite disgusting how you've used your body in such a whorish way and we are going to change all of that. As of today, you are not to have vaginal intercourse again." She stared at him, her mouth open. "Ever." She blinked in disbelief. "Not even with your husband. And never, never with anyone I send to you. The same with Powers."

"You don't understand! I can't just..."

"I think we're done here," he interrupted her. He walked to the door then stopped and looked at his watch. "Your last one for the day will be here in about ten minutes. You can fuck him however you like. Maybe a nice last hurrah for your cunt. It's your call. Be out of here by seven." He opened the door and walked out.

Donna sat on the bed staring at the back of the door. What the fuck was he talking about? It was one thing to blackmail her to fuck some friends - in fact part of her found it a turn on - but what kind of stupid statement was 'no vaginal sex ever'? She shook her head and lay back. Her hand slid between her legs and she stroke her kitty gently. It was soaking wet and she masturbated, cumming quickly.

She heard a card slide into the door and the mechanism clicked. The man who came in was attractive and well dressed, she opened her legs and let him fuck her face to face.



"You look like you could use some attention," Todd said to her. He was right, she looked exhausted. She was exhausted. She'd been fucking strangers all day in Peter's hotel room, she wondered if Todd could guess from the way she looked. Or the way she smelled.

He took her hand and walked her into the bedroom. "Come on, get on the bed and I'll get the oils."

"No, Todd, really, it's OK," she protested. She was sore and swollen and worried he would notice.

Todd chuckled. "Don't fight it. Just take your clothes off and get over there." He pulled the sheets down on the bed then went into the bathroom to find the spiced oils they both liked. Todd had been a New Ager since long before they met and was always finding new ways to pamper her.

Donna took off her clothes and quickly lay face down on the bed. At least he wouldn't see how swollen and red she was. Not right away anyway. And maybe she could pretend to fall asleep before he rolled her over.

Todd knelt on the bed beside her and poured some of the oil into his hand, rubbing them together to warm it. "So, rough day at work?" He pressed his hands down into her shoulders, rubbing hard. She moaned, she loved the way it felt. He'd taken certificates in three different types of massage and she loved them all. He ran his hands down her back, massaging the long muscles along the spine.

"Rough day. Yes. And..." she paused, trying to sound casual "...it sounds like it's going to get worse for a while. I may have to work late a couple of nights a week."

Todd shifted his weight and ran his hands over her bottom. She moaned, she couldn't help herself. Donna had always been very sensual, always came easily. Todd knew it and was careful to keep his hands from getting too close to the spots he knew turned her on. She was already sensitized from the earlier fucking and it was impossible for her to stop herself. She felt her pussy twitching and rolled over, pulled Todd on top of her and into her, fucking hard and fast, the soreness of his cock in her already well-fucked pussy turning her on even more. She came screaming twice before he finished.



[The First Tuesday]

Donna pressed the button for the elevator, her stomach tight and queasy. She'd woke at five, put on a typical work outfit - an expensive cream colored skirt, burgundy blouse, necklace and jewelry - had a glass of orange juice and toast for breakfast, then driven to the hotel. The small Illinois town they lived in had only two hotels that rated 5 stars and Peter had taken a large corner suite in one of them. She had the entry card in her purse, the room number etched in her mind from last Friday.

She thought back to last week. It was Wednesday when Peter had introduced himself to her. A courier had delivered a manila envelope to her at ten in the morning. It had no return address, only her name written across the front in black marker. She'd opened it and found pictures of herself with Roger, of her with Steve Fordson, and of herself with Rod. She recognized the Rod picture immediately - it was one he'd talked her into taking with his phone weeks ago. She'd resisted but he pushed and she gave in.

She didn't know where the pictures of her and Roger came from. He'd always been intensely secretive about their relationship - he had to be, he was her boss. The photos were recent, she recognized them from just a week ago. Likewise the photos of Steve. Steve Fordson was another piece on her chess board. He'd come to AXR three years before her and had also attached himself to Roger. When she learned that, she'd enticed *him* a few times as well. Best to stay connected to all of the men who might be helpful to her career, that was her policy.

She shook her head, the timing was horrible. Roger had announced there was a position opening up and she and Steve were the front runners. She'd made sure to connect with both of them to see if she could learn anything else. Somehow or other, someone got photos of both of those encounters. And now they were in an envelope in her hand. Along with a note that read "Coffee shop. Ten minutes."

Donna had folded the envelope and stuffed it into her purse, went downstairs and looked around. Peter waved her over and told her to sit down. He'd explained it very concisely - he would distribute the photos to her boss, coworkers, friends and family if she didn't show up Thursday afternoon. He wrote down the name and room number of the hotel.

Donna, of course, showed up. She had no choice. Peter was there with two other men, both of whom took her into the bedroom one at a time. None of them said much, Peter only told her to come back the next day - Friday - at the same time. Now, here she was again. Donna wondered if Peter would even remember his "anal only" comment from last week. Maybe he was just kinky and got off on saying that kind of thing.

She opened the door and walked into the suite. Peter was standing inside, arms behind his back. He looked at his watch and nodded. "Two minutes before six. Very punctual." She closed the door behind her and followed him into the big second room. She looked around. He'd pushed all of the furniture against the walls except for a leather Ottoman.

"Go ahead and remove your clothing. This will be your home for the day," he said, as nonchalant as if he were talking about the weather. Donna took off her shoes and jewelry, put them on the dresser. Peter opened a drawer and put them inside. "Best to keep the illusion," he said. She wondered what he meant.

While she unzipped her skirt, Peter opened the other drawer and flipped open the top of a box. She slid the skirt around her ankles and stepped out of it, folded it and put it in the drawer. She took off her stocking, garter belt, and panties, laying them in the drawer on top of the skirt.

"Here, this will help," Peter said, offering her a small, crystal object. It looked like a plum on a flat stand. A butt plug of some kind?

He watched her amused as she turned it over in her hand. "Put it in your vagina. So nobody accidentally fucks you there." He walked out of the room and back into the foyer.

Donna stood for a long time staring at it. He was serious, he'd been serious last week.

There was a knock at the door. Peter looked at her and snapped, "get on the Ottoman. On your knees." She turned her head, caught a view of herself in the mirror. She was still wearing her bra and the blouse. And holding the crystal plug. She turned back to look at Peter but his back was to her, he was opening the door. Donna dropped the thing into the drawer and climbed on the Ottoman.

"So, this is the ass freak?" she heard a voice say.

"Not yet, but we're working on it," Peter answered. "In fact, *you* my friend are going to be the first one. You are the initiatory sodomite."

"Are you serious? She's not one of your regulars?"

Donna felt a hand on her bottom and froze. Peter spit and she felt it land in the crack of her ass. His finger smeared the warm liquid up and down then he spit again. "Nope, she isn't." He slid the tip of his finger slowly into her anus. "But she is going to be." He spit again and pushed slowly until it was buried deep inside her. Then, he twisted it slowly in a circle. "She is going to be one of my best." She winced as he slid it in and out of her bottom, pushing deep, pulling it nearly all the way out. She felt him stop.

"Where's the plug?" he asked. Donna stammered that she'd put it in the drawer.

Peter spit again and slid a second finger in beside the first. "Oh, I see. So, you are so anxious for this, you don't think you'll need the help." She cringed, that wasn't what it meant at all. She'd never done it that way before and still didn't believe he was going to go through with it. Or hadn't believed it. Now, she did. "You are so anxious to become an ass slut you refused my offer." He slid a third finger into her and she let out a moan. "Please, it hurts, please, stop for a minute." She heard Peter spit again, felt a bit of relief as the slickness went into her.

"Are you sure she's ready for this?" Peter's associate asked.

"You know how this works," Peter said. The other man didn't respond. Donna saw his legs as he walked around in front of her. He unzipped his pants and pushed his semi-stiff cock into her mouth.

"Get me nice and wet. Trust me, you'll appreciate it." Donna slurped madly at his cock, spitting and soaking it as much as she could. "Peter, maybe you should lube her?" She felt Peter's fingers slide out of her. He gave her a slap on the bottom and said, "you're right." She heard him walking toward the bathroom. "Let's go easy on her this time." When he returned, she felt a drizzle of something chilly running between her ass cheeks, then his fingers pushing into her again. This time, they slid in easily, two, then three, then the tip of his thumb. She licked and slurped at the cock in her mouth, hoping wildly she could suck him off and avoid all of this.

The man chuckled and pulled her hair, took himself out of her mouth. "I think she's ready. She seems eager to something, getting a little wild here." He walked around behind her and she felt the head of his cock at the little puckered hole. He held her hips firmly and pushed slowly into her. She adjusted her ass, moved it up and down, tried to relax but couldn't. The pain shot through her like a knife and she cried out loud for him to stop. He withdrew slowly then pushed back in again. Donna's hair was flailing and tears were running down her face. "Stop, stop, just give me a minute, stop..." she muttered but he continued. He was gentle and slow but relentless. After a long time, she felt something like relief and tried to ride along with him. It hurt but it wasn't the shooting pain from five minutes ago.

 "Nice break-in, Billy," Peter said. "That's why I always let you have the new ones first." Donna sobbed. This was their idea of gentle? Billy pushed deep into her, held himself still, swelled his cockhead. She groaned and squeezed her eyes tight.
 
"It's nearly six-thirty, Andy's on his way. Why don't you finish up?" Peter said.

Donna moaned as Billy picked up the pace, plunging into her deep and fast, ignoring her squirming and fighting. She felt the hot liquid shoot up into her bowels when he came and felt sick. She'd never felt anything like that before. It was disgusting and nasty. She felt bile in the back of her throat, swallowed hard. Billy slid his cock out of her and she felt the goo drizzle down her left leg.

"Yeah, she's gonna be good at this. Just break her in right, OK?" Billy said to Peter. Peter didn't answer. He leaned down and whispered in Donna's ear, "lose the blouse." 

The two men walked to the door while Donna remained shivering on the Ottoman. She'd never felt so used. This must be what it meant when women talked about being violated. She'd always been in control before, her pussy always the center of attention. Now, everything had changed.

She tried to move, to raise herself up so she could undo her blouse, but she couldn't. Her body was paralyzed, frozen in place like a statue, like...she pictured it...like a blow up doll. Fucked and left on the floor for next time. Her arms trembled, she felt the tears dripping off the end of her nose and onto the floor.

Peter closed the door and walked back to her. "Get used to it. This is your life now." He helped her up and unbuttoned the blouse, pulled it off her and threw it on the floor. "You'll get used to it, really." He unsnapped her bra and slid it over her shoulders. He wiped her face with the inside of he left cup. He put his hand underneath her chin and raised her face. Her eyes met his. "Well, maybe not." He dropped the bra on the floor. There was a knock at the door. "Get back into position," he said, then walked to the door.

Donna ass-fucked the next two men on the Ottoman but couldn't stop shaking by the time the fourth man approached her. Peter helped him get her face-down on the bed, a pile of pillows raising her ass high in the air. And endless stream of men fucked her that way, she lost count at twelve and that was before Peter let her take a break for lunch. She couldn't eat, just sat rocking on the bed, her bottom sliding in the pool of cum that was spreading around her. Peter made her drink a glass of water and use the toilet. A stream of brownish goo spurted out of her ass when she peed. She lowered her head in her hands and cried.

It was two in the afternoon when the next man showed up. Peter had Donna stand this time, bracing herself against the wall with her hands, her legs spread wide while the man pounded into her ass. She fucked the next dozen men this way, her knees weak but determined not to collapse. She wouldn't give Peter the satisfaction. Peter knew it too. He would enjoy breaking her slowly.

The man who came at eight o'clock was the one who pushed her over the edge. His cock was thin but long and she moaned, fell forward against the wall. Peter and Colin - the thin cocked man - helped her to her knees before he pushed back into her again. He came quickly, which disappointed Peter. The man apologized and proceeded to fuck Donna's ass with his fingers for another fifteen minutes. When he was finished, he wiped the goo all over her back and hips, then went into the bathroom to clean up.

The eight-thirty man was disappointed.

"What the fuck is this?" he complained. Peter knew what he meant but wanted Donna to hear it.

"What's wrong, Alex?"

"You know damn well what's wrong. Watch," he said, pushing his cock easily into Donna's ass. He pulled it out with a slurping sound, goo dripping from the head.

"You always bring me in so damned late in the game. Look how fuckin' loose she is!" He stuck his cock in her again, pulled it out, heard the same sound. "Bitch's been at it all day, hasn't she?" he growled.

Donna trembled, her face red, tears in her eyes. They'd ruined her ass, she'd gone from an ass virgin to an ass too loose to fuck in one day. Her life was over. She collapsed on the floor, pulled her knees up in her arms.

"Oh, no. No, you don't," Peter said. He and Alex pulled her up, stood her face-first against the wall. Peter pushed his fingers into her bottom. "Clench!" he yelled. Donna tried but it was so sore, so sore. He leaned closer, growled in her ear. "Clench your ass, you whore, or the pictures hit the internet." Donna focused and clenched her ass, feeling his fingers now, huge and stiff inside her. He pulled them out.

"Alex, get in there," Peter barked. Alex slid his cock easily into Donna's ass, stood still, buried deep. "OK. Milk me," he said. Donna clenched down and he moaned. She relaxed her muscles, then repeated it.

Peter leaned his face against the wall, right in front of her. "A new talent for you to learn. You're going to milk the next three with your hot little ass." Donna nodded, tears streaming down her face. "Y...y...yes...I'm...going to..." Alex moaned and went stiff, unloading deep inside her. Donna groaned and relaxed her muscles, holding the wall for support. "Pee...Peter...I...I can't do this..." she muttered. Peter smiled at her. "You know your choices." She lowered her head and he stepped back.

"Nice work, Alex. Nice work. Go wash up."

"Donna?" Peter asked with a sneer. "Feeling like enough of an ass slut yet?" She shook her head. "Bottom of the barrel?" She kept shaking. "Low as you can go?" 

She muttered "yes, yes."

"Wrong," he said. She heard him walk across the room then back. She felt something chilly against the insides of both thighs. "You're never going to find the bottom. There is no bottom. I can always take you down deeper." He pressed the metallic thing against her harder. "Let's clean you out a little bit. Squirt what's inside of you into the bucket."

Donna felt her stomach drop. "No! Never!" she cried, shaking her hand, pounding her fists against the wall.

"Photos. Videotapes. Your husband. Your family." He stopped talking when he heard the gush of cum Donna was forcing out of her bottom splash into the bucket. He stroked her hair and kissed her head. "Good girl."

...who wants more?...email me...









DONNA'S TRANSFORMATION

CHAPTER 2 - [Week 1 - Thursday]

Donna looked at the piece of toilet paper in her hand. It was dry. Dry and white. She breathed a sigh of relief, crumpled it and threw it into the toilet. She pulled another eight squares off of the roll and folded them over twice, tucked the pad into the crotch of her dark blue panties. Just in case.

She stood up and pulled up her skirt, zipped it and turned around to flush the toilet. The small, white rectangle swum in the vortex and disappeared with the rest of the slightly-yellow water.

Donna opened the door of the stall and went to the sink to wash her hands. She looked at her watch. It was one in the afternoon already, three more hours and she'd turn herself over to Peter again. She steamed at the thought. Who was the motherfucker and how did he get into her life? She still had no clues how he'd got the photos, but the facts were there: he had them and he was willing to use them. For now, she had no choice but to go along with him.

She'd spent half an hour in the shower Tuesday morning when she got home, crept silently into bed beside Todd and slept till eleven the next morning. It was unusual for her to show up for work late but not unusual enough to arouse any suspicion. Todd had been a little more puzzled but she told him she was taking comp time for working late last night. Only technically was that a lie.

She'd slept with a wad of tissue in her panties that first night and cleaned up small trickles most of Wednesday afternoon and evening. The worst thing was the soreness, she could barely walk and it was impossible to sit down. All day long yesterday, she found herself stopping to pick something up or look at it whenever anyone approached. She couldn't bear the thought of them noticing how she was walking - a short-stepped, tentative step that would certainly raise some kind of suspicion. Hemorrhoids? Too much workout at the gym? Had Todd been too rough on you? She didn't need the questions - well intentioned or not.

What was there about anal sex that some women seemed to find arousing? she wondered. She was just sore and tired. Of course, they were probably fucking only one partner, not a steady stream of strangers. She thought about the faces of the men who came through the room last night, Peter's face as he led them to her. There was nothing arousing about it. Rape fantasy? Not in her lifetime. She wanted control of everything and she was used to her pussy being the key to that control. There was *so* much wrong with what happened two days ago.

And what would happen again tonight, she reminded herself, drying her hands and looking at herself in the mirror. There were still dark circles under her eyes but you could barely tell. she touched up her makeup and everything was back to normal.

When she got back to her desk, there was a message from Sally, She said she missed her at lunch. "Damn," Donna through. She'd made lunch plans with Sally three weeks ago and had completely blown her off. There it was on her desktop - "Sally - lunch - 12:30" but she'd been in the bathroom since just after noon, running the last few days over and over in her mind, looking for clues about this Peter. Nothing came and on top of that, she'd missed a lunch date.

Sally was one of the few people Donna confided in. Sally had been at AXR for years already when Donna hired in. She was an older woman, very grounded but with a flair for adventure. They'd spent a few weekends drinking and dancing, letting their hair down and talking about life as single, professional women. It was the closest Donna ever got to real intimacy with another person.

Donna phoned her immediately and apologized, made a date for next week, apologized again and hung up the phone. Peter had thrown her for a loop, that was certain. But, she'd recover. She just needed to find a way in.



By ten minutes after four, Donna was kneeling backwards on an armchair, head and shoulders draped over the back, ass high in the air and being fucked hard by a short, skinny black man. He was broad chested and had hugh biceps and thighs. When Donna saw him strip, she was sure he was a steroid boy with the tiny cock and balls that often came with the drug. But she was wrong. He was a product of protein drinks and hours in the gym, all muscle and hung with a ten inch long horse-cock. Peter had slathered on the lube and opened her with his fingers to help Curtis get started, but once he was in, Donna was on her own. She gasped and gulped for air, trying to keep her sphincter relaxed and match his rhythm, but his strokes were long and fast and it was impossible. After what felt like hours, he shot a gallon of hot cum deep inside her, then slowly pulled out, shuddering and whispering "oh mama, thank you, thank you, thank you..." Donna felt the cum running in a thick stream down the insides of her legs. She was afraid to look down, to see it pooling around her knees. Where did he get it all? 

The men came in rapid succession, Peter had averaged her at twelve minutes per fuck on Tuesday and scheduled them in twenty minute blocks this time instead of half-hours. Peter moved her from the chair to the bed to the floor, dressed her in nighties, panties, t-shirts, full formal-wear, depending on what each of them wanted. She lost count and lost interest quickly and by the time he gave her a fifteen minute break at eight, she was exhausted and withdrawn.

"You want a drink?" Peter asked politely.

Donna lay on her side on the bed, staring at the wall.

"Just some ice water? You have to be thirsty."

She didn't move. She wanted the night to be over as soon as possible and talking with him wouldn't make that happen any faster.

"Donna? We are going to be spending a lot of time together from now on. I suggest you get comfortable being around me," Peter said. His voice annoyed her. He was completely nonchalant about this. He was blackmailing a high-placed executive, parading men through the hotel suite who had nothing in mind other than to fuck her in the ass, and he was talking about it as if they were watching a television show.

"Do you want to catch a shower? You must feel pretty..."

"Fuck you, you asshole!" she screamed. She jumped up from the bed and lunged toward him. He leaned back in his chair and laughed. "What? You going to attack me? You're going to kick my ass and get me the hell out of your life?"

She stopped halfway between them. She knew he was right. She had no idea what she would do next, what she had in mind. She'd just let her rage and frustration explode but she had no plan.

Peter leaned forward then, spoke calmly and directly to her. "Do not delude yourself. Life as you knew it is over. You are mine now. I don't even have to let you go home tonight. I don't have to let you go to work. I don't have to let you decide what to eat or drink, do you understand that?" She stood frozen in front of him, every muscle in her body clenched and trembling. She wanted to reach out, strangle him, gouge his eyes out, destroy him. Instead, she stayed in her place, boiling but obedient.

Peter calmly looked at his watch. "Go shower and get into the gymnast outfit. Your next 'boyfriend' will be here in seven minutes and I want you ready." He settled back into his chair. Donna turned to walk away. "Wait," he called. His hand went into the top drawer of the dresser. He pulled out the mostly-used tube of KY jelly. "Here. Make sure you're ready for him."



Dick wiped his the sweat off forehead with the back of his hand. He turned and smiled at Peter. "She's good. A little loose, but that's the trade off, isn't it?" He turned back and looked at Donna. He'd unsnapped the crotch of her leotard and unzipped the opening in her tights. The shiny blue material of the gymnast outfit covered everything else from the neck down, including her hands. He'd had it specially made years ago and never regretted it.

David fucked leisurely, taking his time, enjoying long, slow strokes deep inside her, the feel of her sphincter clenched around the head of his cock as it almost withdrew, the warm caress of her anal passage as he slipped in as far as he could..

"She's not a good body for this. Have you considered doing the body-builder thing with her? Build up those arms and legs?"

Peter laughed. "Like that freak show you had me do with Sara Jane?" He shook his head. "No, not this one, though it's tempting." He paused. "Though I have to admit, it brought in the customers."

"Yeah. Four months in the gym and she was one of those muscle freaks you see in the weightlifting magazines. Nothing womanish left to her." This obviously turned him on because he started fucking her faster. "Mmmm. The clean cuts of those thigh and calf muscles, the veins visible on the biceps...' he closed his eyes and fucked harder. Donna moaned, something about his voice was starting to turn her on, his tone was seductive and soft and it wrapped around her brain, massaging it with a warm glow. "And all that spandex. Sweaty and tanned all the time, her shaved head..." 

Donna visualized the woman. She knew the type, she'd seen them in the magazine racks, saw one close up in the sauna. More man than woman, more freak than human. She tried to shake the image out of her head but something about it stuck. The raw power of a body like that, maybe. Power. It still turned her on. Any kind of power. "And when she did curls, her belly tightening, the biceps flexing, the...Aaaahhh!!! he grunted as he came deep inside Donna. She was shocked at her frustration when he pulled his cock out of her. Peter took notice of her reaction, jotted an entry in the notebook he kept in his pocket.

The next three hours were confusing for her. The men were silent and businesslike but her body was starting to respond. Something about Dick and the bodybuilder image had turned her on and now she wanted to cum. She ground her hips against the man, reached her hand between her legs and tried to masturbate but it didn't work. It still hurt. She was getting used to it, she knew how to relax her ass but her body was still conflicted and resisted her touch. She saw Peter smile now and then and tried to hide her arousal from him but it was impossible.

Just before midnight, one of the men stopped frozen at the door, staring at her. He said something quietly to Peter then looked back at her. She panicked. Did he recognize her? His face looked familiar but she couldn't focus her thoughts enough to place him. Not a coworker, she'd have recognized that. Someone from the coffee shop? A neighbor? Church?

The men talked for a few more minutes, then Peter nodded and went to the dresser. He found a long scarf and wrapped it around Donna's head several times, blindfolding her. The man led her to the bed and lay her on her back. She heard Peter remind him that he could only fuck her ass. She felt him climb between her legs, rubbing his cock up and down along her cunt lips. Her cunt responded immediately, swelling and wet, her hips rising to meet him. He lifted her legs over his shoulders and plunged his soaking wet cock deep into her ass. She groaned and let her legs slide off his shoulders, opening herself wide, whispering to him to split her open. She ground her crotch against his, pulling his cock deep into her ass, rubbing her clit hard against him. She came quickly, screaming and scratching his back. He pushed harder into her ass and shot his load deep inside her. She felt her entire body melt into the bed, her muscles completely relaxed, unable to move. He climbed off of her and wiped his cock on her belly.

Donna lay on the bed for only a few minutes before the next man came. He cheered Peter's decision to "blindfold the bitch" and rolled her over on the bed. He ran his cock between her ass cheeks, still talking to Peter about how much fun he was going to have with her. Peter told him he was happy he could oblige. The man grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her head upward. He leaned and whispered in her ear, "I'm gonna fuck your pussy. I'm gonna make you cum so hard you won't remember your fucking name." He licked the side of her face and dropped her head back to the bed. Donna opened herself wider, raised her ass. Yes! Yes! A cunt fuck! She felt the head of his cock pushing against her vagina, she pushed back hard, taking him into her in one quick motion. He grunted and started pumping hard and fast. She noticed that both he and Peter had stopped talking but forgot about that quickly as the pleasure engulfed her. She came twice while he fucked her, her body shuddering, her cunt twitching and milking his cock. When he was finished, he climbed off of her and she slid her hand between her legs, bringing herself to orgasm again quickly.

Peter left her blindfolded the rest of the night. She didn't cum again but it didn't matter. She was exhausted and just wanted to go home to sleep.

At ten minutes before two, he closed the door behind her last cock then pulled the chair up to the edge of the bed.

"You let Scott fuck your pussy, didn't you?"

Donna froze, completely unaware how to respond. Peter stared at her, saw the blank look on her face.

"Go ahead," he said calmly. "Say it."

Donna just stared.

After another minute dragged by, Peter shook his head.

"Warn Todd that you are going to be pierced. Make up a story. Whatever story you like. Or don't. It really doesn't matter to me."

Donna shook, terrified at what he might mean. Through trembling lips, she whispered, "pierced?"

"Twice on each side," Peter said, holding up both of his hands, the index fingers an inch from each other. "Then, a small chain will..."

"What the fuck?" she growled at him. "Fuck you!"

Peter held his fingers in the air and looked at his feet. After a few seconds, he looked back at her and continued, "a small chain will be run through the four hoops," he pushed his fingers against each other, she looked at him, pictured her cunt lips chained shut. "Then, a small padlock will make sure you do not disobey a direct command again."

Donna shook her head, tears in her eyes, her lips quivering with anger. "I only did it once."

"Once is all it takes. Do NOT disobey a direct command again."

He got up and took her clothes out of the dresser drawer, dropped them on the bed beside her.

"Make sure you're well rested Tuesday morning. And don't eat or drink anything after ten Monday night."



Donna lay in bed completely stiff. Her life was going to be impossible from here forwards. How could she explain four gold rings in her pussy to her husband? And the chain that connected them?

And the fact that she did not have the key?

She felt tears welling in her eyes again, fought hard to keep them down. This wasn't her. She was in command, she was the powerful one. She called the shots. How could this have happened?

Donna heard Todd breathing quietly in the bed next to her. It was three-thirty and it was obvious that he was not asleep. She was afraid of what he was thinking. How could he not be suspicious? She came home at two-thirty and spent fifteen minutes in the shower, then climbed into bed wearing one of the pairs of cotton panties she only wore when she had her period.

She slid closer to him, letting her hand reach for his cock. He was already stiff. Was he masturbating? Had he been fantasizing about her? About what she might have been out doing?

Donna needed him to fuck her one last time, to feel his cock insider her cunt before her world collapsed. She kissed his chest, let her mouth slide down his body until his cock was in her mouth. She hadn't sucked a cock in weeks, hadn't realized it. The feeling was wonderful, she felt like a woman again. She licked the head, pushed it deep into the back of her throat, felt her nose against his balls. His hands slid across her thighs, moved toward her bottom. She froze in panic. Todd had always been generous with his tongue and he might want to lick her now. But she was afraid, scared something would drip out of her ass while he was down there. Her mind raced, She wanted to feel his mouth on her pussy, his tongue on her clit, but she couldn't take the chance. Nearly in tears from the thought of depriving herself this last chance to feel his mouth between her legs, she raised her head and said "I need your cock." She saw him smile. She moved around and slid out of the panties. She lowered herself toward his stiff cock. Without thinking, she moved herself and felt him plunge deep into her ass. It was a reflex now. Even more humiliating was that he didn't seem to notice. She'd fucked so many men now Todd couldn't tell he was in her ass not her pussy. She fucked him hard and wild, hot tears streaming down her face as she watched her last pussy fuck vanish before her eyes.



[Week 2 - Tuesday]

"You really don't want to do all four on the same day," the bald headed man said. Skull - his 'artist' name - was holding Donna's right pussy lip between his thumb and forefinger. He pointed at a spot about three inches from the top. "You'll need one here..." he pointed about an inch further down "...and one here." He let go of her and patted the lip gently. "But it's going to hurt like a bitch."

"It's just a piercing. You've done dozens for me."

"But not like this. You want them close enough together that you can lock her up, is that right?" Donna blushed deeper, Skull didn't notice. He'd been through worse.

"Yes, right," Peter answered.

"Well, if you only want two on each side, I have to do them kind of close and that means the second one..." he touched her again and she closed her eyes, "will go into an area that's very sore from the first piercing." He pressed his hand flat against her vulva, cupped her mons. "Nope, I suggest doing one on each side then coming back in a week or so for the other."

Peter shook his head. "Can't do. I'm on a schedule." He settled back and looked at Donna. She still had her eyes closed, laying completely still and helpless. He'd made the right call, she was perfect for this.

Skull spoke first. "Well...she does look sturdy." Donna opened her eyes and saw that he had a wide grin on his face. He was staring at her. "You liked hearing that, didn't you?" He pinched her cunt lip hard between his fingers, watched her face for a minute, then pinched harder. Donna didn't flinch.

"Peter. I wouldn't do this for anyone but you," Skull said. "Four hundred dollars."

Peter smiled and clapped his hand on Skull's shoulder. "My man." He turned to Donna. "Get your purse and pay the man." Donna stared and Peter bent over, picked up her purse and opened it. "Here," he said, handing Donna her wallet. Donna opened it and took out a credit card, stared it and changed her mind. "I'll pay cash."

Peter's eyebrows went up. "Do you have that kind of cash on you?"

"No. I have to find a cash machine."

Skull laughed. "You're in luck. There's one right next door."

Peter held out his hand. "Give me your card and your PIN. Skull can get started while I get the cash."

Donna felt herself sinking further down, handed over the card and slowly gave him her number. Peter nodded and got up.

Skull got up and walked to the sink. "Not a trimmer, eh?" he asked casually. Donna looked down between her legs at her hairy cunt. It hadn't occurred to her that he might shave her before doing the piercings.

"Can't you do this without shaving me?"

Skull felt the water with his hand, waiting for it to get hot.

"Could. Peter would prefer I didn't." He reached for a washcloth and held it under the water. "Peter wants to see you cleaned up a little."

Donna turned her head, pressed her cheek hard against the headrest, resisted crying. The bastard was fucking with her. She watched Skull as he wrung out the cloth. He pressed it between her legs, she felt the warmth spreading across her skin. Skull got back up and took a straight razor out of a cup and ran it up and down a strop until it glistened. "I'll try and leave you something down there." 

He reached for a can of shaving cream and sat down on his stool. In ten minutes, he'd shaved her completely naked, her skin rosy and glistening. He looked at the stunned look on her face and smiled. "Ooops." He wiped her dry with a new clean towel and then used a blow dryer, opening her open, letting the stream of warm air dry her completely.

"You're lucky he doesn't want to tattoo you like he did the last one," Skull mused as he hung the dryer back in place.

Peter came through the door, a wad of bills in his hand. He counted them, setting them on the table beside Skull. "Four hundred. All set." He looked at Donna's crotch and chuckled. "You shaved it all off?" Skull nodded. "I told you you could just clean up what you needed." Skull chuckled. "Yep. You sure did." The both laughed.

Skull reached for the device that would punch the holes that would give Peter control of her cunt. She stared at it. It looked harmless in his hands, painless, unthreatening. She knew better.

"Peter, why don't you go through the drawer there and find the size rings you want. They're all stainless and surgical, so just pick if you like iron, silver, gold, any finish you like." Skull leaned his face closer to Donna's crotch. "It's a shame to close this thing up, Peter. She's one hot piece of snatch."

Peter opened and closed the lids of the boxes with the different sized rings. "You should try her ass, you'd swear off guys forever." Skull laughed. "I doubt it. You fucking hets think pussy is what it's all about. And that an ass is an ass. You are *so* fucking wrong." Skull took Donna's left lip and tugged it gently, holding it tight to numb it a bit. "There's nothing like guy ass. Nothing."

"Here. These," Peter said, handing Skull a box of gold finish rings. They were about three-quarters of an inch in diameter, big enough to do the job and small enough to be unobtrusive when he needed them to be.

Skull put the box on the stool next to him and flipped open the top. Donna stared wide-eyed as he held the ring up to her face and said, "last chance." Donna shook her head and closed her eyes. She felt his hand between her legs, the cool metal touching her body. 

"Now, when I say, I want you to take a deep breath, fast, then blow it out hard. Understand?" Skull said. Donna nodded, eyes still closed tight. She felt his finger on her forehead. "Relax. Tensing will make it worse." She unclenched her eyes, tried to control her breathing. 

"OK, now at the count of three, breath. One...two..." Pain exploded between her legs&nbsp; as he pushed the metal through her tender flesh. She sucked and blew her breath over and over while he stroked her head. "Calm down, relax." When her breath slowed to normal, he said, "...three. There, see?"

Skull did the other three quickly, Donna felt nothing but numbing pain after the first. Nothing else mattered after that first one. She was muttering and rolling her head side to side, trying to distract herself from not only the pain but the realization of what Peter had done.

"Come on, she'll need a little time before she can go," Skull said, rinsing his hands in the sink. "Let's get some coffee or something."

Peter leaned over Donna, looked at the expert job Skull had done. There was no bleeding, just the inflammation around the openings. He nodded.

"Get up,"Peter said.

"Shit, man, give her a few minutes," Skull snapped.

"Stand up, Donna," Peter repeated. Donna tried to move her legs but couldn't. Peter turned to Skull. "Help her." Skull put his hands underneath Donna's ankles and lifted them off of the footrest. Gently, he swung them around, letting the swivel chair spin&nbsp; with her. He lowered her feet to the floor one at a time, keeping her legs apart. He helped her to her feet and she stood up, holding the chair for support, knees trembling.

"Put the dress back on," Peter said. Donna looked at Skull. He shrugged and picked her clothes up from the counter. Peter stopped him and took the bra, panties and stockings, handed her the one-piece, loose print pullover. "Here."

Donna put her head through the neck-hole, moving slowly and carefully. Every movement sent a wave of pain through her crotch. She slid her arms through the big openings, let the dress slid down her body, covering her down to her knees.

"You can go barefoot. We're taking a taxi," Peter said as he walked toward the door that led to Skull's Ink and Metal. Donna took a tentative step forward. Her legs were jello, but Peter wasn't slowing down. She looked at Skull, eyes imploring him to do something. Skull shrugged again. "He's the boss," he said, then turned and walked into the bathroom.

Donna let go of the chair and stood still a moment, gathering her strength. The bastard wasn't going to get the best of her. She gritted her teeth and slowly walked toward the door. Peter was standing at the opposite end of the store, looking at a book with samples of Skull's work. Donna saw the two heavily inked women behind the glass counter staring at her. They looked at each other and smiled. The fatter of the two - a definite pot-and-kettle comparison - leaned across the glass top case.

"I hear ya got some metal, honey," she said between chewing her gum.

The other woman laughed and took a drag from her cigarette. "Yeah, lots of it."

"Can we see?" She walked around the end of the counter, waving the cigarette at Donna. "Come on, honey. Pull up the skirt so we can see Skull's latest masterpiece."

Donna held her composure, her jaw rigid, eyes locked to keep from tearing up from either the pain between her legs or the humiliation of the two women's words. She moved her feet like a robot, short, unsteady steps moving her inch by inch toward Peter.

"Hey! You hear me, bitch?" the woman barked at Donna.

Peter looked up from the binder. "Leave her alone. She's got cock coming at nine." Donna looked at the clock in panic. It was eight-ten, the procedure had taken two hours. How? she wondered.

The women backed off, talking to each other about the snobby blond bitch who Peter was taking down a notch.

Peter held the door open and Donna walked out onto the sidewalk. She froze when she saw the taxi waiting at the curb. How could she possibly sit down with the pain raging between her legs? She felt her knees bend, collapsed halfway to the pavement, felt Peter's hands underneath her arms.

"Oh, come on now, dear," he taunted her, walking her to the taxi. He opened the door but she braced herself against the door of the taxi. Peter looked around at the few people walking up and down the street in this run-down area of town. They'd certainly seen men force women into taxicabs before, but he didn't need the trouble. He walked away, leaving Donna standing in the open door of the taxi.

She was hamstrung. She couldn't get into the taxi but she couldn't just walk away either. There was no reasonable course, no obvious choice. Through tears and with a choking voice, she called, "Peter? Come back, Peter? Remember, we have to get there by nine."


...continued if you want...










DONNA'S TRANSFORMATION

CHAPTER 3 - [Week 2 - Tuesday continued]

At just before six o'clock, Peter closed the door behind Donna's last 'visitor' and looked at his watch.

"One hour for lunch," he announced, walking back into the front room. Donna was leaning with her cheek flat against the wall, arms at her sides, knees on the ottoman. Peter crouched behind her and looked at the small padlock that was dangling between her legs. It was wet, a long string of cum stretched to the inside of her right thigh just above the knee. The rest of the small gold chain and the rings were soaked as well, a web of cum that dripped onto the leather underneath her.

Peter helped her stand, walked her slowly to the dining room. He gently lowered her onto a donut-shaped air cushion. That put all of her weight on her thighs, leaving the chains and padlock hanging free beneath her. She looked at him and smiled. Between the pain killers he'd been giving her all day and the pillow he put on the chair, he was almost being tender. Protecting his investment was more like it.

Room Service knocked and a woman in a stiff white uniform wheeled in a tray with their dinner. She looked at Donna but didn't show any surprise. Donna understood. This was Peter's regular suite, she'd probably seen it all. Even a naked woman, hair matted, dripping with sweat and cum sitting on a blow-up cushion didn't faze her. What else had she seen? Donna didn't want to think about it.

She looked down at the plate. Prime rib. Medium. Exactly as she liked it. Peter had done his homework, but why did he care? He puzzled her.

"You held up incredibly well today," Peter said as he stabbed at his salad. Donna didn't answer.

"How do you think Rod is going to like your new jewelry?" he taunted. Donna looked up at him. Rod was part of the ink-and-piercing generation but wasn't this a bit much? And why did Peter bring him up? Why Rod specifically? She was more worried about Todd. Terrified in fact. She could hide herself from Roger and Steve, service them with her ass or mouth if she had to, but Todd. Todd saw her naked all the time. Coming in and out of the shower. Dressing for bed. Changing clothes. How could she hide from him?

"Hmmm? Is Rod going to want to stick his little rod up your backside? Is he a kinky little fuck?" Peter took a sip of wine and looked up at her. "Dump him. You haven't got the time. You can't afford the distraction."

Donna nodded. He was right. Rod had been a fling, a release for her. Todd was her respectability, Roger and Steve were career moves but Rod had been just for fun. And he was fun, a lot of fun. The incredible energy he had, the ripped body, the kinks he read about online then wanted to try on her. He was all fun. But she had no more time for fun. She couldn't afford it anymore.

Donna took a drink of wine, careful not to drink too much, worried about mixing the pain killers with the alcohol. Peter said nothing for the rest of the meal. Donna felt herself dozing off twice, but managed to snap back.

A little before seven, Peter walked Donna into the foyer. He dragged one of the armchairs into the middle of the room and told her to stand on it. He held her hand while she climbed up onto the chair and waited for her to get her balance.

"Good," Peter said. "Now, arms behind your back." Donna complied. "And spread your knees just a bit." Donna did, squatting and feeling the tug on the rings between her legs. He nodded and said, "push your hips just a bit forward. There. Now, stay *just* like that." 

At seven, there was a knock on the door. Peter patted Donna's bottom and said, "I have a surprise for you." He walked backward across the room, watching her face. "A special someone." She was nervous and it showed. He walked slowly, staring straight into her eyes. She didn't know what was coming but she knew from his face that he'd been planning this for a long time ago. That had to be a reason he wanted her positioned just so. "I want you to make him feel welcome. You know. Like you always have." As he got closer to the door and his grin grew wider, she understood. Knew why he had been talking so much about Rod. She whispered, "Peter...please...no..."

Rod stepped through the door quickly, high-fiving Peter and taking a drink from a bottle of beer. "So, what's the big surpri..." Rod froze in mid-sentence when his eyes landed on Donna's naked body. "What the fuck?" he muttered, tilting his head slightly. He looked at Peter then back at Donna.

"So, Rod," Peter said, putting his arm around the man's shoulders. "She's gonna kind of be hanging out with me from now on." Rod nodded dumbly, his mouth hanging open. Donna stared at him, crushed and humiliated. "You should be leaving now. Before you go, would you like one last shot at her? You know, one for the road?"



[Week 2 - Thursday]

Donna was a nervous mess by the time she got to the hotel. She'd somehow managed to avoid being naked in front of Todd for the last two days and was able to walk and sit without feeling more than a dull throb between her legs. She's mentioned the idea of a piercing to Todd but it was a halfhearted ruse. Once he saw it, he'd know something was going on. She would never go this far on her own without talking to him.

The bellman and the manager watched her as she walked across the lobby. The manager smiled and nodded. She wasn't sure how to respond, she just tried to avoid his eyes and hurry to the elevator. As the doors closed behind her, she felt the elevator floor drop half an inch, felt the lock move against her panties. It sent a momentary tingle across her cunt. She pressed the button for the suite and leaned against the side wall. Gently, she pressed her hand against the front of her skirt, pressed just above her clit. It felt good. Her cunt lips swelled slightly and she felt the rings. She pressed her clit harder, felt the juices start to flow. The elevator got closer and closer and she rubbed faster. The orgasm was out there, but it kept retreating as the suite got closer. Something was wrong she knew it, but she had no idea what. Maybe her body knew what was coming and was bracing itself. Maybe she just associated the suite with not-cumming. She gave up, sighed and waited for the door to open.



Peter told her to strip naked and come into the bedroom. Donna took off her clothes and carried them with her. She put them in the top drawer of the dresser then turned and looked at Peter.

"Where?" she asked.

Peter smiled. She knew the drill already. "No, not yet." He said. Donna looked at him, puzzled.

"Do you remember what I told you when we started this little dance?" he asked.

Donna thought back. "You said a lot of things."

"Yes, I did. But it all boiled down to one thing, didn't it? You're a whore who's used to using her cunt to get what she wants. How has it felt to not have anything in it for two weeks?" He paused. "Except for our friend Scott, of course. You do remember that mistake, don't you?" Donna nodded weakly. "How does it feel to be an ass slut? From a virgin ass to an ass slut in two weeks. Actually, I'm quite impressed."

"I didn't have a choice," she growled.

"No. No, you didn't. Well, not much of a choice anyway," Peter grinned. "So now, you've taken two little steps on the path. The first was learning to enjoy anal sex..."

"I don't enjoy it."

"You will. Learning to enjoy anal sex and having your hot...little...snatch closed for business. Permanently." She gave him a puzzled look and he waved his hand in the air. "There is no key to that little lock."

Donna's eyes widened with fear. Was he playing with her? Or crazy? Or both? She looked at him, trying to gauge his next step.

"In fact, it really isn't so much a lock at all. But I'll explain all of that to you later."

"You said I've taken two steps. Toward what?"

"Toward becoming the opposite of what you were." Peter stood up and went to the closet. "Can't you guess?" He opened the door and took out a suitcase. He looked at her but she just shook her head. He set the suitcase on the bed and opened it.

"Now this..." he said, pressing numbers into a keypad that locked the contents of the case. "...this is something I've put a lot of work into." The lock clicked and Peter opened the lid of a smaller box. "Donna, you showed up at a very critical point for me." He lifted something out of the box. It was a belt. He handed it to her. "Please. Put this on." Donna looked at it. There was nothing particularly unique about the belt and she wondered what he meant.

"Donna, do you have *any* idea what I'm talking about?" Peter asked, a wicked smile in his voice.

"No," she said, tugging the belt into place.

"I am going to change you from a soft, sensuous woman with a velvet pussy she uses to get what she wants..." he pulled a long flesh-colored dildoe out of the case and dangled it in front of her face "...into a man."

Donna laughed but Peter didn't move. She looked at his face, watched his eyes. He wasn't kidding. Given what she'd seen of him so far, she knew that he meant something more than fastening a strap-on to her hips. She thought about the piercings, the endless stream of men he was able to produce who preferred anal, of the conversation with one of them about steroid enhanced bodybuilders. Peter was clearly insane and she was now in his sights. He might do anything. She began to feel nervous but tried to stay composed.

"Now, I really don't want to do anything surgical," he said. She tried to hide her reaction but failed miserably. Her face went white. She was scared now. The way he said it meant that it had been a real possibility to him. "But, I do use hormones and chemicals. I'll tell you more about that later, but first I want to show you something. Something special I made just for you."

He took two smaller belts out of the box and several small wires and metallic boxes. "Put your arms up behind your head, that's a good girl." Peter knelt in front of her and wrapped the two smaller straps around the tops of her thighs. He pushed a thin wire into her anus and pressed a small device between her closed cunt lips, just below her clit. Then, he connected the eight-inch long penis to a series of metal protrusions from the three belts.

"There," he said, standing up and admiring his work. He walked her into the bathroom and stood her in front of the mirror. She stared at the cock between her legs. It looked realistic, more like a cock sticking out from some kind of fetish harness than a strap on.

"Now, for the surprise," Peter said. He ran his hand over the head of the artificial cock and Donna felt a surge of pleasure flood through her clit. He stroked it over and over slowly and she closed her eyes, leaned her head back and moaned. It didn't take more than two minutes for her to cum.

She looked at him puzzled. "What the hell did you do?"

Peter smiled. "Been having trouble cumming since we did the piercings?" 

She nodded, staring down at the cock in his hand, wanting him to start stroking her again.

"Let me tell you about your jewelry. The chain and the rings are hollow. And the lock," he bent down and lifted it with two of his fingers. "The lock is actually a small reservoir for the hormones and chemicals you're being fed." He swung it back and forth gently. "I also mix them into the lube that's been so liberally pumped into your backside. It has a few special effects. One of them is that it numbs your clit." He stroked the head of the cock and she gasped. "Now, this new device puts out sub-sonic waves that counteract the effect. Wild isn't it? How the chemicals and the sound vibrations work together?" He was excited, he sounded like a kid describing a science project. But it was working. As he stroked the cock, she sucked in her breath hard, felt the orgasm building. This time, Peter stopped before she came. He smiled. "Now this cock is mine to control. You know. Just like you used to do when you wanted to manipulate a man?"

Donna stared at him, stared at the cock, stared at Peter again. "And I have to wear this all day Tuesday and all day Thursday?" Peter smiled. "You might find yourself wanting to wear it more. You know.&nbsp; If you enjoy cumming, that is." Donna looked at him and felt the shame coursing through her. She knew he was right.

"And, there's one more feature you need to know about." Peter slipped two fingers up her ass and she shuddered, the feeling registered in her clit. "When you wear the cock, your ass has a different type of sensitivity. Looks like you noticed that," he said. "Let's see how well it works. Not the cockhead, but the ass. Tonight's still ass whore time." There was a knock at the door and he turned to her and smiled. "But I think you're going to cum this time. Let's get started."

The first one was a shy looking man in tan slacks and a bowling shirt. He went into the bedroom where Donna was laying underneath the covers, as he'd asked Peter to have her. "Close your eyes while I take off my clothes," he said meekly. Donna closed her eyes, listened as the man unbuttoned and unzipped and slid out of his underwear. He climbed into bed beside her and kissed her on the cheek. Donna rolled toward him and felt his hands on her chest, rubbing clumsily at her breasts. He kissed her mouth tentatively, running his tongue over her lip, trembling underneath the sheets. She smiled. He was likely to cum before he even entered her.

The little man whispered in her ear, "roll over please," and she did, burying her face in the pillow, careful to position the fake cock flat underneath her so he wouldn't notice it. The man climbed on top of her and rubbed his own cock between her ass cheeks. Donna raised her bottom off the bed and reached her left hand around to guide him in. As his cock slid between cheeks and into her ass, she felt the tingle along her cunt lips and then at her clit. He started sliding in and out of her and she felt her clit come to life.

Donna looked up and saw Peter standing at the door, arms crossed, a huge smile on his face. He pointed at the case and smiled. The man on top of her grunted and pushed his small cock into her ass, surprised at the wild ride he was getting. Donna was moaning and jerking up against him, clenching and releasing her sphincter, awash with the sensations it produced in her clit.

"I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum, oh fuck me, please, harder," she begged the small man. He froze in mid stroke and pushed himself up with his arms. "You don't have to be such a bitch about it," he barked. "So my dick is a little bit smaller than you're used to." His voice sped up, an annoying whine that grated on her ears. "I'll be you're used to big fat monster cocks up inside your whore hole, isn't that right?" Donna didn't listen, all of her attention was focused on the slight sensations she was getting from clenching her ass muscles on his cock. She started moving up and down, fucking him while he stayed still and chattered. "Oh, so you like it when I talk dirty to you, is that it?" he started. "Yes, yes, talk dirty to me," she muttered. Whatever the fuck, she thought, just keep that little twig of a prick up inside me.

The man pumped four or five more times but then went rigid and shot his cum into her. Then, he pulled out and got off of the bed. "There, that'll do it for you, eh?" he crowed, puffing out his chest and glaring at her. "Maybe I'll come back. For twenty bucks, you aren't a bad ride."

His words didn't register immediately, Donna was trying to think of a way to get him back inside of her but he was clearly finished for the day. While he was getting dressed, his words came back to her. "Twenty dollars"? Peter was pimping her out as an ass whore for twenty dollars?

She got to her knees on the bed and looked at Peter. He was making notes in his little book, finally turned and noticed her. He pointed to the cock dangling between her legs. "Interesting feeling, isn't it?" he asked. "You looked like you were going to cum. I think my device is a success." He put the notebook back in his pocket. "We'll see."

Donna sat back on her heels, felt the pressure along the insides of her legs and clenched her ass. The rush immediately went to her clit. Peter saw her face and smiled.

"I noticed you went to lunch with Betty from the office yesterday," he said. "That must have been quite an experience, sitting there trying to act normal with your new jewelry between your legs."

Donna put her head down. "Yes. Yes, it was." It had been. Betty was another friend from work Donna occasionally confided in. They'd made the lunch date weeks ago and Donna couldn't break it. The initial shock of the piercings had worn off and she'd spent all Wednesday morning experimenting with sitting positions to find the ones that caused the least discomfort. She was surprised but noticed right off that it wasn't pain. In fact, she imagined that if she'd made the choice herself, the rings would be something of a turn on. Her attention was shifted to her cunt everytime she made the slightest motion. Even a turn of the head during a phone call caused a tiny tweak somewhere along the series of rings and chains.

Lunch with Betty lasted over an hour and Donna had found herself rambling over and over. Betty asked her about it several times - was something bothering her? Was there something she wanted to get off her chest? Donna always answered "no" and Betty didn't push. But both of them knew there was something secret in the air.

"I'm going to eventually take over the rest of your life, you know that, don't you?" Peter taunted. "Why don't you just come clean with her? In fact, why don't you seduce her? It can be one of your first acts as a man." Donna stared at him. Was he serious? Things were getting stranger with him and she didn't know what to believe.

"I'm just kidding," Peter said with an edge of contempt in his voice. "I don't want you touching other women. Not yet." She looked at him puzzled. What did that mean? No. Not yet.

There was a knock at the door and Peter looked at his watch. "Oh, I lost track of the time." He pointed at the closet. "Go in there and find the white shirt and tan slacks and put them on." He got up and walked into the main room while she went to the closet. Inside were a wide variety of men's clothes. She wondered if Peter lived here or if he shared it with other men with the same kinds of kinky taste? She found a white shirt and tan pants on the same hangar, along with a pair of plaid boxer shorts and a tie. She slid the pants on, tucked the cock to the left. The pants were snug around her hips, loose around the waist. That made sense to her, men's cut and women's bodies didn't work well together. She slipped the white shirt on and worked quickly to button it on, the buttons and holes on the wrong side slowed her down.

Peter came into the room a minute later with a tall, slim man with long black hair. He was wearing very tight jeans and a black t-shirt. 

"Rex, say hello to Don." Peter waved his hand indicating Donna.

Rex looked her up and down, looked at Peter, then examined her again. He nodded. "Drop 'em, cowboy," he said. Peter held up his hand. "No, no, remember what I said." Rex rolled his eyes and snorted. "Yeah, sure, whatever." Peter led Donna to the edge of the dresser, turned her face toward the wall and made her lean over. He reached around and unbuttoned the pants, then slid them just over her bottom. He fastened his belt around the pants, tying them in place just below her ass. 

"I don't want you seeing his cock," Peter said to Rex. "And no reaching around, he's being denied. Do you understand?"

"Sure, whatever the fuck, Peter," Rex grumbled. Donna's head was swimming. What the hell was Peter talking about?

She felt Rex's legs pressing up against hers from behind, felt his cock between her ass cheeks, heard him spit and felt his hand wiping it up and down his shaft. "Hold yourself open, Don," Peter said quietly. Donna reached her hands behind herself and pulled her ass cheeks open. Rex slid up and down, found her anus and plunged in. His cock was long and thin, she immediately felt the tingle in her clit and started moaning.

"You take a lot of cock, don't you, Don?" Rex said in what he hoped was a sexy voice. "Yeah," Donna moaned. Rex slid back and forth slowly, his hands massaging her shoulders. "I like it slow. How do you like it? You like it rough? Or slow?" Donna wanted him to shut up and fuck her but didn't know what to say. "I like what you like, baby," she purred. Rex spanked her ass with his hand and sped up. "Well I like it fast, so here's to it!" He sped up, fucking deep and quick, all the time spanking her bottom, alternating side to side, faster and slower to match his strokes. Donna came quickly and Rex commented, "hey! You don't see that everyday. Yum!" He kept fucking her ass, spanking her, and talking to her about how he liked it rough, how Don could fuck him when he was finished, how he could do a reach-around if Don wanted. Donna shook her head and cried, "deeper, deeper, fuck me, dammit!" She came again, clenching down on Rex. "Damn! You're gonna yank that thing off!" he yelled, finally pushing deep inside Donna's ass and cumming. He pulled out with a wet "plop" noise and gave her bottom one last slap.

"Peter, you may have found the perfect ass," he said. Peter laughed. "No, I don't think so. Not yet anyway, but he's certainly coming along." Peter stepped forward and undid the belt, pulled the pants up around Donna's waist, and redid the button. She felt the cum ooze out of her ass and down her leg, soaking the inside of the pantlegs, trickling down her thigh.

Rex left and Peter came back into the bedroom.

"I have a whole new world for you to conquer. Take off that outfit and put it in the hamper. Then change into another set of men's clothes and meet me in the front room."

Donna stripped and threw the outfit in the hamper. She went to the closet and found another hangar, put on the clothes. In the living room, Peter was sitting in the armchair again, a glass of wine in his hand. "All right. Time for your next trick." He took a sip of the wine. "I'm sure you know what a glory hole is, don't you?"

"Yes. It's something in the bathroom of a gay bar..." Her voice faded off as she realized what he had in mind. Her ass twitched but her stomach twisted in a knot.



Donna leaned her forehead against the toilet bowl and felt her entire body shudder as she came again. The man on the other side of the bathroom wall felt it too and shot his cum up into her ass. Without a word, he withdrew and she heard the door of the stall swing open and shut. There was a knock on the other side. "You ready?" a voice asked. She saw a half-stiff cock poke through the glory hole in front of her face and opened her mouth. She sucked it erect then spun around and pushed her ass onto it hard. "Yeah, oh, that's it," she heard the voice say. He pumped for five or six minutes before he came. She came twice in that time.

Peter had snuck her into the bathroom of the bar two hours earlier with clear instructions to the bartender - a friend of his named Ricky - that his new friend "Don" was to get the whole glory hole treatment. There was a knocking code for oral and one for anal and she learned it quickly. Between fucks, she sat on the toilet and watched eagerly for the next cock to come through the little hole. She felt like a bird looking for worms, a hunter watching for prey.

By two a.m. when Peter came back for her, she'd serviced twenty guys, two orally, the rest anal. Ricky reported rave reviews as the two of them slipped out the back door and into Peter's car.




[Week 3 - Tuesday]

As soon as Donna showed up at six o'clock, Peter led her into the bedroom. This time, he had her attach the strap on and lay naked on the bed, legs spread, cock lying flat across her belly. He turned on the television and went into the other room to turn on the player. The screen came alive and Donna was watching gay porn, two men talking at a bar, lust clear in their eyes, their muscular bodies nearly ripping out of the business suits they were wearing. 

Peter came back into the room. "Watch and learn," was all he said, then he walked out and pulled the door closed. She heard it lock behind him and settled down on the bed. Hour after hour, an endless stream of men stripped and fucked in front of her. She watched them touch each other, a strong hand running lightly over a muscular, tanned belly. Then, a mouth opening, the head of a cock guided between the wet lips. Almost involuntarily, she slid her hand down her belly and started stroking her new cock. She stopped, disgusted at the thought, jerked her hand away. The show kept on relentlessly. The men fucked in pairs, in three and fours, orgies of sweaty, heavily muscled, tan men sucking and fondling each other's cocks and balls. She turned her head away but couldn't help turning back. She cupped her hand now and stroked the head of the cock, feeling the electric thrill in her cunt. It was impossible not to respond to the raw sexual energy on the screen even though the players were all men. Their lust was right on the surface, they held nothing back, and she felt it too. The stiff, swollen cocks looked as good to her as they did to any of the actors. Maybe better. She stroked her cock and came, came again, raised her hips and pushed two fingers into her ass. She felt her ass hungry for cock, she closed her eyes and dreamed of the glory hole and her all-night-long cockfest.

At one point, Peter opened the door silently and watched her. She didn't even notice, her eyes were closed and her hands were wildly pumping her cock and ass. He smiled and went back into the other room. In all, Donna marinated in homosexual lust for six solid hours. Just after noon, the door opened and a man entered. She knew him, she'd ass-fucked him at least twice already. He had only a small, barely workable cock but it didn't matter. She wanted someone to fuck her ass, someone, anyone. Hell, any *thing*. Before he could say anything, she got to her knees and reached for him, begging him to come and fuck her ass. He saw the strap on and pulled back but she turned her back to him, dropped her shoulders to the bed and raised her ass high, opened her legs wide. "Please, please, oh fuck, please. Deep up my ass, deep..." He smiled, remembering her hesitation that first night and her general lack of interest the other two times. Now, she was cock hungry and all anal. She'd finally come around.

When he was finished, Peter handed her a long, thin dildoe. "A little something for your ass," he said, then left her alone with the movies for four more hours. She came over and over and was laying exhausted on the bed when he came in holding a glass of cold water.

"All right. It's nearly five and I've scheduled something special for you." He took a sip. "Would you like some?" She shook her head. "Come on, you're going to dehydrate." She took the glass and drank it down eagerly. "Come into the front room," he said.

"Get me the telephone." Donna got up and picked up the telephone. She untangled the wire and brought it across the room to him. "Hold it," he said. Donna held the base in her hands while he dialed. "We're free now." Peter smiled and hung up the phone. "Put it back and get comfortable," he said.

Donna set the phone back on the desk and looked around. "Get comfortable" was a tall order with Peter in the room. She just sat on the edge of the sofa.

There was a knock on the door and Peter told Donna to answer. Two well dressed men came into the room, each pushing a small trolley with the hotel's insignia. They looked Donna up and then, consulted with Peter in the other room, then came back and smiled to her, invited her to sit in a chair they placed in the center of the room.

For the next two hours, the men worked on grooming her. What little makeup she still wore was removed, including mascara and eyeliner. They removed her finger and toenail polish, cut her nails all the way down. Her lashes were trimmed short and her brows thinned. One of the men produced a pair of scissors and they cut her hair into a nice men's style. Then, they dyed it a dark brown color with highlights. Donna recognized it immediately and turned to Peter in a panic. It was a hairstyle currently very popular with the gays in town. The pieces of Peter's plan were making sense to her now and she was scared. She shook her head and pleaded with him, "no, no, you aren't going to..." Peter left the room. The proceeded with some darkening skin tone around the eyes and rubbed something across the bottom of her jaw that left her with just-shy of a five-o-clock shadow.

When the men were finished with her grooming, they opened the other cart and fitted out two different outfits for her. One was more casual, khaki pants, boxer shorts, and a open-necked pullover top. The other was business-casual, a powder blue shirt, dark trousers, and a tie. They provided two sets of men's shoes and socks. One of them slipped a gold watch on her wrist. Finally, she was doused with a none-too-subtle men's cologne.

One of them called Peter back into the room. He looked at her and quickly complimented them. "Amazing work. Thank you." Donna stared at him. He raised his right arm, he was carrying the case. "Let's finish getting you ready." He put the belts and the cock unit back on her, showed her how to tuck it down so it lay against the inside of her left leg. "It doesn't swell and shrink, it'll be stiff all the time. So, when you're wearing it, just keep it down like this," he explained. She nodded, confused but eager to have him touch it again.

"I want you dressed like this from now on, do you understand?"

"When we're together."

"No. All the time."

She panicked. "I can't. I can't go to work like this, I can't go home like this, I..."

"What part of 'you will do this' don't you understand?" Peter said in a slow measured voice, as if he were talking to a child.

"Peter, you can't do this..."

"Please don't pretend you can tell me what I can and can't do. You know the stakes and you know your options." Donna dropped her head, defeated again. This was the end of her life as she knew it. Dress as a man at work? Her last option for power and career success taken away from her?

"Let's go, you have appointments to keep," Peter clapped his hand, led her to the car and back to Ricky's. She spent the rest of the night naked in the stall, servicing the two openings in the men's room. One of them offered to suck her off if she put her cock through the hole. Her head swum as she considered it but knew better and politely declined.



[Week 3 - Wednesday]

"Roger?" Donna whispered. Roger looked down at her and smiled. There was something about the new haircut he couldn't resist. "Fuck my asshole," she said.

"You're getting a little twisted on me, aren't you, honey?" Roger complained. He stared at her, feeling a little different now. When she'd showed up at work this morning with the new haircut, he'd not even recognized her at first.&nbsp; He'd never realized how boyish her face looked without makeup. And the outfit - some new fashion evidently. It wasn't just a business suit, it was a men's suit. An actual men's suit.

For some reason, it turned him on to no end when she walked into his office and said hello. That voice coming from that body gave him a hard-on and he told her to meet him at lunchtime for a quickie. Their quickie had turned into an all afternoon suck-fest. She was relentless, wouldn't take off her briefs, worked his cock with her mouth like the hungriest whore he'd ever seen.

Now, she wanted him to fuck her up the ass. He'd done it before, but this felt different. She was demanding. She was denying him her pussy. And that wasn't her choice.

Roger had known all along that she was playing him, trying to use him to get ahead. It worked out for both of them so far, but now she was getting demanding and that wasn't right. Women shouldn't even be in the fucking job market, let along making demands. She was bright and she fucked well, so he'd kept her around but things were changing.

"No. Spread your legs and let me at that pussy," he said. Donna slurped his balls, stroked his cock with her hand, trying to distract him. "My tight little ass wants to be fed..."

"Didn't you hear me? Pussy. Cunt. You know? Snatch. I want to feel that nice wet pussy of yours. Or aren't you interested in working here anymore?"

Donna's brain was scrambling desparately, what could she say or do? "Okay, baby, give me a second though." She moved her mouth further between his legs, took his balls into her mouth and slurped his ass with her tongue. He'd never felt anything like that and when she reached with her hand and stoked his cock head gently, he shot a wad of cum into the air. "Grrrr!!!" he growled, his cock jerking and sputtering all over. She slurped and licked, making as much noise as she could, trying to keep him aroused and distracted. He finally stopped jerking up and down and put his arms up underneath his head. "Yeah, that was it, baby." She sighed and lay her head on his belly.

"You can fuck my pussy next time, honey," she whispered, aware it would never happen but aware that he didn't know it.



When she got home, she saw a note from Todd that he was working late. She was relieved and went upstairs to the bedroom to change. She stripped out of the men's suit and put on her flowing nightgown. She pulled on a pair of panties, thinking through her plan for dodging Todd again. She would make his favorite dinner, give him head and plead tired, head for bed early. It would buy her at least one more day and that was all she could hope for anymore.









DONNA'S TRANSFORMATION

CHAPTER 4 - [Week 3 - Thursday]

Donna woke at seven and looked at Todd. He was still asleep. Last night had gone as planned, dinner, oral sex, early bedtime. She'd dodged the bullet again. 

How long could she keep doing it? All he had to do was reach his hand for her in the middle of the night, slide it between her legs and feel the piercings and it would all be over. She imagined the conversation. "When did you do this?" "Last week." "Why didn't you tell me?" "I...wanted to surprise you." "Where is the key?" That was where it would all come tumbling down around her head. Donna looked down at the jewelry between her legs. She could use the metal snips in the basement to cut the chain. But what then? What when Peter saw that? She had no choice. Todd or Peter. And right now, Peter controlled more of her life than Todd. Probably from now on.

She looked in the closet, ran her fingers over one of her sexy dresses, thought about wearing it to work. But Peter would know. She didn't know how the fuck he would know, but he would know. He had spies. Or something.

She stepped to Todd's side of the closet, looked for something to wear but the few things she tried on were too big. Todd wasn't a large man but the sizes were different enough that the clothes hung wrong on her.

Donna ended up choosing the blouse and slacks from one of her pantsuits and a pair of flat black shoes. With her short hair and no jewelry, she hoped Peter would be satisfied. She'd at least tried. She walked into the bathroom, caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and tilted her head. She stared at her chest. Her breasts looked smaller. Was that possible?

She reached into the hamper and picked up one of her bras, put it on. She was only a 34C but the bra felt loose. She dropped it and tried on another one. It felt the same, baggy material at least one cup too large. Could that actually happen? She knew that her breasts changed sizes during her period and that they would if she were pregnant, but neither of those was true. Donna pushed the idea to the back of her mind and turned on the hot water, got into the shower. As she soaped up, she felt stubble under her armpits. That was strange, she usually had to shave only every few weeks, this had just been a couple of days. She put on her makeup and dressed for work, managed to leave the house before Todd woke up.

Donna was aware that people in the office were staring at her as she came down the hallway. Nobody came right out and asked, but they certainly noticed her new look. She strutted confidently past them, trying to intimidate them into silence. It seemed to work.

Early in the afternoon, Steve Fordson stopped her and asked her how things were going. Was she still planning to beat him out for the new position Powers had open? Was she still planning to sleep her way into the front office?

Donna just laughed and reminded him that he was only where he was because Powers liked him. One sucked up and the other sucked cock. Fordson laughed and said, "touche".

At three, Donna started closing her desk down, she could leave as late as three-twenty and still make it to Peter's hotel on time. At three-fifteen, Steve Fordson came by again and started a conversation. Donna tried to fend him off, brought the discussion to a conclusion three or four times, but he was relentless. At three-thirty, he finally stopped talking and walked away. Donna rushed out of the building and down the elevator, arriving at Peter's suite just barely on time.

"You're playing a dangerous game, dear," Peter said once she stepped inside.

"What do you mean?" Donna asked.

"These aren't men's clothes at all, are they?" He fingered her blouse, pointed at her shoes. Donna shook her head. "No, not really. But..."

"But nothing. How the fuck am I going to walk you into Ricky's front door wearing women's clothing? Should I tell them you're in drag?" She saw a momentary glint in his eye but it faded and he walked into the bedroom. He returned with a men's bowling shirt and jeans, white BVDs and socks and shoes. He threw them on the floor next to the case with the cock in it. "Get dressed."

Donna stripped and pulled the cock into place. Then she slid the underwear over it, letting the thick cock dangle down her left leg. She put on the rest of the clothes and stood waiting for Peter's approval.

"Come and look at yourself in the mirror," he said. They went into the bathroom and Donna found herself face to face with "Don". She was amazed again at how much she resembled a man in the outfit. Her small breasts still showed but she could see more nipple than breast now. What would the men at Ricky's think? She know that some transvestites took hormones to make their breasts grow, she probably wouldn't raise any eyebrows. Her ass tingled as she remembered the looks she'd got from Rex the other night.

Peter stood behind her and slowly lifted his right hand. He ran the back of his hand over her chin. She felt what he felt, the drag of tiny hairs. She leaned closer to the mirror and watched as he ran his finger over the tiny black hairs just sprouting above her upper lip. She saw him smile. Peter took her right elbow and raised it, pushed his nose into her armpit and sniffed. "Good," was all he said.

Donna felt a chill run through her, dread twisted her insides. "What do you mean 'good'?"

"The hormones. I told you."&nbsp; He pushed his hand against her chest, pressing hard on her right tit. "You *have* noticed, haven't you?"

Tears welled in her eyes and she pressed her lips tightly together. "Oh God, oh God, what are you doing to me?"

Peter slid his hand down the front of her pants, stroked the head of the cock and watched her mouth open and let out a gasp of pleasure. "You know exactly what I am doing," he said, stroking her twice more then pulling his hand back. "Let's go. I have someone I want you to meet."

Donna followed him out of the suite and into the elevator.

"And I want you to go shopping for new clothes. What you did today is unacceptable. Once more and I will go public with the photos. Do you understand?"

Donna nodded.

"Say it."

"Yes, Peter, I understand. I will buy a new wardrobe of men's clothes for myself." As she said the words, she felt a rush of shame go through her. But there was an undercurrent she didn't want to examine. She'd never been in someone else's power before and she was afraid it was waking something up inside her.



Peter had the taxi drop them off at a small club. It was one she'd never been to, had heard nothing about. When they went inside, she knew why. It was a drag club. There were four different men on the bill that night, a Marilyn Monroe, a Liza Minnelli, a Carol Channing and a Madonna. The audience was all couples, men or women in pairs, leaning across tables whispering to each other, holding hands, laughing over stories. Donna felt her moorings slipping even more. If Peter was dressing her as a man, why bring her to a drag club where men were dressing as women? 

Peter chatted with the busty blond at the door - a cross-dresser named Pete - and walked Donna to the bar. He ordered two glasses of white wine, sipped with her quietly for a while.

"Do you see that man at the end of the bar?" Peter asked, tilting his head toward the back of the room. Donna turned and saw a tall, slim man wearing a flowery print shirt and a pearl necklace. His hair was shaved nearly bald, colored a bright blue. "His name is Karl. He likes to fuck during the show." Peter took another sip of wine, stroked Donna's cock under the table. She purred.

"When Madonna is on doing her show, I want you to go over and introduce yourself as Don, tell him Peter said he can fuck your ass *if* she sings 'Like a Virgin'." Peter laughed. "Fucked up enough for you?" Donna nodded her head but couldn't help thinking, what was she turning into?

During the first act - a bad Liza Minelli - Peter steadily stroked Donna's ass. She felt the arousal building inside her, wanted to reach into her pants and stroke the cock, make herself cum. This must be what it's like for guys in a strip club, she thought. She felt her cunt dripping, nipples swelling underneath the shirt. A couple a few chairs down kept looking at her and Peter, smiling and nodding approval. One of the men reached his hand around his lover's head, pressed their mouths together and kissed him deep. When he pulled his mouth away, he turned his boyfriend's head and both of them watch Donna. Her arousal was obvious, between the lost look on her face and the nipples stiffening underneath the shirt, she couldn't hide anything.

The half of the couple who was closest to her leaned forward and whispered, "nice job with the chest. Hormone therapy?" Donna honestly answered "yes", humiliated by the misunderstanding. "May I?" the man asked. Donna felt a rush of heat between her legs and nodded, whispering "please..." He ran his finger lightly over her left nipple, watched her face, her rounded lips drawing in air, chest rising. He slid his finger up and down, then gently pinched. Donna's knees went weak and she leaned forward, opened her mouth for a kiss.

"Wow," he said, stepping back, "you're really something." His lover pulled him closer. "Yes, he is, and you'd better watch yourself." He kissed his boyfriend's neck. "Peter will get jealous."

Peter smiled and Donna froze. They knew him too. Did Peter know everyone in town?

"So, Peter?" the man said, leaning forward. "This one an ass or a snatch?"

"All ass. All ass," Peter said, stroking Donna's bottom. "Tell him, Don. Tell him what you like." She felt her face glowing red, but her pussy was on fire. "More than anything in the world."

Donna leaned forward, uncertain how to say it, hungry to slide the man's pants down and take his cock up her ass. "Cock. In my ass. More than anything in the world." She whispered, eyes locked on his. The man smiled and turned to his lover. "This one's eager. Maybe we'll DP him someday?" The both laughed, then pulled close into each others arms and started making out.

Madonna went into her act and Donna looked down the bar. Karl was there, staring directly at her. Donna felt her insides churn, she could feel his cock inside her already. Her legs were shaking as she walked down the bar, around the end and next to him. 

"I need your cock in my ass. Right now."

Karl gave her an angry look and turned to Peter. "Peter!" he called. Peter walked calmly to him, asked what was wrong. "He's too hungry. He's coming on to me already. Didn't you explain it?"

Peter looked at Donna. She immediately apologized. "Oh, I'm sorry. I...I don't know here songs that well...I'll...come back..." Peter smiled, she'd done a decent job backing down. Karl smiled, he seemed happy enough. "Sorry if I scared you. I just...I just *love* that song so much!" Donna and Peter walked back to their spot and listened. When Madonna went into 'Like a Virgin', Donna walked to Karl. He didn't waste a second, he pulled her into the back hallway and slid her pants down around her knees, shoved his cock in her ass and came in just a few strokes. "Yeah. You're good. Just like Alex said," he moaned. "Next time, you gotta do that ass clench thing you did for him," he said, then walked back to the bar without even pulling her pants back up.

Donna cleaned herself up and came back to Peter's side. "One more thing tonight and you can go. It's very, very important to me that you don't lose your enthusiasm for taking cock up your ass. So. I've altered the drugs and the wiring in the cock just a bit. Just a wee bit. From now on, you're not going to cum all the time." She stared at him angrily. But he was right. She knew that from Psych 101. Occasional reinforcement is much, much more effective than constant reinforcement.

"You'll typically come after every three or four ass fucks. IF they're spaced close enough together." Donna pictured the glory hole, the constant stream of cocks she could get on a good night but the intermittent ass fucks on slower nights. 

"We might need to change your approach a little bit," he taunted. "Maybe you should start seeking cock out on your own." She looked around the room. Most of these men were in couples. How the hell would she find gay men interested in a one-night stand. And as part of a gang bang on top of that? Peter watched her face gradually disintegrate and continued, "or maybe do something to encourage the men I bring to come by more often. And closer together." She leaned forward onto the bar, she needed something to support her as her body went limp picturing her new life. "Here's one. Maybe you can dress up as a girl and sleep with a college football team?" He chuckled. "You'd just need to convince them you're a woman. And convince them to fuck you up the ass." Donna trembled but managed not to sob.

"Why don't you see if this place has a glory hole, Don?" Peter said, just loud enough for the tables around them to hear. Several couples turned their heads and smiled at her. The man who was sitting next to her at the bar took her hand. "Come on, Don, it's this way," he said with a big smile. "And I'm first."



[Week 4 - Tuesday]

Donna heard Peter say goodbye to Cliff and close the door. She got off the bed and picked up a towel off the floor. She pressed the towel onto the sheets, soaked up the small puddle of cum, then threw it into the bathroom. She pulled the sheets back up and smoothed them flat. She propped the pillows against the headboard then walked into the bathroom, feeling the slickness between her thighs, listening to the sound it made while she walked.

She squatted over the toilet and squeezed down, felt the cum drizzling out of her ass, heard it splash in the bowl. Just three weeks ago, this would have been embarrassing, humiliating, now, draining fresh cum out of her asshole was just part of her daily routine - on Tuesdays and Thursdays anyway. She wiped herself and went to the sink to rinse her face and wipe herself down. She used a wash-rag on her belly, up and down her arms and legs. Then, she tugged the fake cock over the edge of the sink and washed it down with her hands. As she soaped it up, she felt the tingling in her cunt. It was confusing, disconcerting, to feel excitement while rubbing a cock that hung down between her own legs.

She'd cum with the last man. He was the third of the group Peter had arranged for her. They used her in quick succession, it was more than enough to get her over the top. She was exhausted and sore, but it was more than worth it. Her orgasm had been intense, it was her first one since last Thursday night and she'd been very busy in between.

Donna had spent most of Saturday shopping for clothes. It was an embarrassing and confusing experience. She did all of her shopping at two stores, asking the men a variety of questions about underpants, socks, undershirts, all parts of a world she'd never had to understand before. Both men clearly saw that she was cross dressing and it humiliated her. At least she knew one thing - there was less stigma to a woman wearing man's clothes than the other way around. A woman could always call it 'fashion'.

Still, she found it difficult. She'd bought five pair of boxer shorts, five pair of white briefs, five shirts and three suits, each with a spare pair of pants. She figured that would be plenty to get her through a week, then laundry and start again. At the second store, she bought casual clothes, two pair of jeans, two pair of khakis, and a half dozen tops.

Her experience at the shoe store was more humiliating, She started off trying to bluff her way through, show no hesitation, just tell the woman to find her a pair of shoes. But then the questions started coming. Formal or comfortable? How long do you need them to last? More walking or just indoor for show? Slowly, it became more and more evident that the shoes were for her and slowly, the woman became more and more explicit in the way she spoke to her. By the time she'd sold Donna three pair of shoes - one formal and two casual - she'd made a date for her at the same gay bar Donna's been spending nights at.

The last four days with Todd had been difficult too. Tuesday was easy and Wednesday they went out for dinner and a movie, then home for oral sex. Thursday they missed each other, but on Friday, Peter came home at ten, horny and insistent on fucking her face to face, full cock-in-pussy action. She put him off and changed into her sexiest bra and panty set, did a pole dance in the living room using a broom handle as a prop, then got on her hands and knees, crawled across the floor to him like he was a customer at a strip club. Todd was still drinking and talking dirty to her. She took him in her mouth and he came in just a few minutes. She woke him with another blowjob on Saturday morning which kept him satisfied for the rest of the weekend. 

Roger and Steve had both commented about her clothes on Monday, but neither of them said anything about fucking her so she just left them alone. Rod was out of her life so she could focus completely on Peter. And she did.

She'd had a close call with Steve on Monday afternoon. She'd been surfing the internet and spent two hours on and off learning about anal sex and different things gay men seemed to like. She remembered the movies Peter had her watch two weeks ago, playing some of the scenes in her head. She was distracted when Peter came into her cubicle.

"Donna, what the hell? We have a meeting," Steve had said, leaning down close to hers. She'd jumped in her seat and her hand sprung to the keyboard. But before she could swap the screen, Steve had seen what she was watching. Two hugely muscled men, short haired, oiled and naked, were sucking each other's cocks. She turned to him panic on her face. He didn't say anything but she knew he'd seen the screen. She reached to cover the small piece of paper next to her keyboard but he got to it first, picked it up and read it.

"'gloryus9999'? and 'freakshow'. A username and password, I take it?" He'd waved the paper in front of her face. "I think you're going to have some real explaining to do, Donna," he threatened. "Let's see how the promotion goes, eh? Surfing gay porn on company time..."

She remember how she'd snatched the paper out of his hand and stormed past him, pushing him against the wall. He'd remember that, she'd need to do something about it tomorrow. Maybe call him, have him come to her place, give him a wild, incredible fuck...she stopped. She couldn't fuck Steve. She had no pussy anymore.

"Donna!" Peter called, breaking her out of her thoughts. "Donna, John's here."

Donna spun around and rushed back into the bedroom. She reached into the bag John had sent and pulled out something called a 'jock strap'. She'd had to look it up on the internet when Peter told her what John wanted but now she knew how it worked. She pulled it on, tugged it high around her waist, felt the cock lying stiff and flat against her chest. Over that, a pair of shiny blue gym shorts. She sat on the bed and pulled up white tube socks, tugging them as high as they could go.

"So, John, how was the gym?" she heard Peter ask. 

She slid on the sneakers John had bought. They were the right size, she'd told Peter the size she bought the other day. The only things left in the bag were a sweatband and a no-sleeve athletic shirt. 

"Really a great workout, man. Really great. And all those sweaty, buff bodies..."

She pulled the sweatband over her head, adjusted it to the middle of her forehead. Then, she pulled the shirt on. 

"You're pretty turned on, I'll bet. Come on, let's grab a couple bottles of cold water."

Donna froze looking at the mirror. There was no mistaking it now, she was growing underarm hair. She felt her eyes water. She heard John and Peter talking in the kitchen, stared at her upraised arm. She ran her finger underneath her armpit, felt the hair growing there. Some of them were nearly an inch long already, most shorter. The growth wasn't sparse, either. When it came in, she was going to be very hairy. She thought of her crotch. She'd always been hairy. The hormones didn't really have a lot of work to do, did they? she thought. She put her face close to the mirror, saw the hairs along her upper lip were getting more distinct.

Peter stepped into the room, held the door open for John. "Here he is, John. Just like you asked." John sat the bottle down on the dresser and pulled his shirt over his head. It was sweaty and dropped to the floor with a damp sound. 

"Not too macho, not too ripped, just right to..." John held up his hand and Peter stopped talking. Donna stared at John. He was handsome in the classic "rugged guy" way. Short cropped dark brown hair, commanding eyes and a beautifully muscled body. 

"Just right to ass hammer," John said, still moving closer. "Have you heard the word brownie queen, Don?" Donna felt her cunt get wet, couldn't take her eyes away from his chest. John reached for her, ran a hand across her chest. "I want to see if you're a brownie queen, Don." Her nipple immediately stiffened, another wave of arousal flared in her pussy. John turned to Peter. "Exactly like I asked for. Sensitive nipples..." his voice trailed off and Donna closed her eyes. She felt his fingers closing around her left nipple, his other hand on her right. "Not every man realizes exactly how wonderful these can be..." He pinched her lightly, then harder. Donna felt the twitching between her legs, clenched her ass, felt it in her pussy.

John slid the shirt up Donna's chest, leaned forward and put his mouth on her left nipple, sucked, nibbled, enjoyed the feeling of the nipple stiffening between his lips. "They're so long," John whispered. "Do you use weights on them?" Donna nodded and moaned, reached for his chest, felt his abs and another rush of heat in her cunt. She wanted his cock in her...she wanted his cock in her ass. She felt herself choke as bile came up in the back of her throat. She realized that she always thought of her ass first. Of cock up her ass, not her pussy. This man was pure man-lust, not one of the faceless cocks from the glory hole or one of the ass-fuckers Peter had been setting her up with. This was a man she would have gone after on her own. All muscle and power and male heat and..she wanted him to fuck her ass. Her pussy wasn't even part of her anymore. Peter had won. Already.

She grabbed his face and pulled it up, kissed him hard on the mouth, ground her crotch against him. He ran his hand around her back, slid a finger into her ass. She moaned and closed her eyes, kissing harder, licking his neck, whispering in his ear, "I want you in me. Now, deep, forever. Come on." She slid her hand down the front of his gym shorts, felt the sweaty, sticky cock and balls. His cock was limp, what was she doing wrong? She ran her fingers along his spine, down the crack of his ass, then back to his cock. He was still limp. She pulled him back slowly toward the bed, turned him around, pushed him down slowly. He leaned back onto the bed, pulling Donna's shirt over her head as he went. Donna started kissing his chest, then quickly slid her tongue down to his navel, licking it, tasting and enjoying the sweat. She slid his pants down, saw he wasn't wearing a jock strap, just boxers. She slid them down and leaned forward, positioned her mouth over his cock. He put his hands behind his head and watched her. She put the head of John's cock in her mouth, closed her lips around it gently and started sucking. She licked the shaft, pushed it deep into her mouth so she could lick his sweaty ball sack. She sucked the hairs and the soft flesh, felt his still-limp cock against her tongue and the back of her mouth. After she sucked a while, she pulled back.

"You're not liking this, baby? What am I doing wrong?" she asked.

"No, I loved it. It was nice. But you have to work a little harder," John said, getting up on one elbow. "My nipples. Come on up here and work on them first."

Donna climbed on the bed and leaned over him. She started licking his left nipple, enjoying the salty sweaty taste. She licked around his entire breast, caught his cock out of the corner of her eye, saw it stiffening. That excited her and she came at him faster. He touched the back of her head gently and moved her down his side, up into her armpit. She smelled the man smell on her and opened her mouth, took in as much of the thick, damp, black hair as she could manage and sucked on them. The taste was disgusting and wonderful. She reached her free hand for his cock and felt it. He was fully stiff, the head enormous, the shaft twitching in her hand. She went quickly to his other armpit, sucked it, rubbed his cock with her hand. The pre-cum soaked her fingers and she licked harder.

"I'm ready," he whispered. Donna got up and squatted over him, reached between her legs for his shaft, slid it easily into her ass. "Aaahhhh..." she moaned, burying it as deep into her as she could. John reached for her cock but she shook her head. "No, please, don't touch it. I just need you. I need you in my ass. I need you fucking my ass, deep up inside, fuck my belly, fuck me like a man, fuck me like a man..." she kept repeating, more for herself than for him, swimming in the deep water of her new identity.











DONNA'S TRANSFORMATION
--started a reread/tighten up pass/edit
only got to about line 10
5076 words
CHAPTER 5 - [Week 5 - Tuesday]

Over the next ten days, Donna relaxed further and further into her new identity. She wore the cock all the time now, even when she was at home. She spent hours every night in her home office in the basement, surfing gay porn sites and masturbating. On the weekends, she found herself tuning in to the sports channels, especially football. Her eyes locked onto those tight little asses and huge thighs, powerful muscles encased in shiny, skin-tight fabric that she longed to run her hand over, run her tongue over.

She'd bought a long, thin dildo to use on herself, fiercely probing the depths of her ass. She was slowly discovering the patterns that allowed the fake-cock device to let her cum. If she fucked herself hard with the dildo for five minutes, waited a while, then did it again, it usually let her cum the third time. The more she fucked herself, the more she learned how to "trick" it. She also had the option of stroking the cock itself until she came. She was getting more comfortable with that, though the feel of pleasuring herself by stroking her own cock was still foreign. 

She was never naked around Todd anymore and always sucked his cock whenever he showed the slightest interest in making love. She was beginning to enjoy the feeling of a cock deep in her throat and wondered if Peter's drug was doing something there as well. Her chest was nearly flat now and her nipples more and more sensitive. She pulled and tugged at them, held them tight when jerking off, noticed they were getting longer, the areola's shrinking.

She'd also been shaving. Every third day or so, the growth on her upper lip and now along her chin showed enough that she had to use one of Todd's razors and clean herself up. She let her underarm hair grow - Peter had insisted. He said he'd been expecting it and that it would add to her transformation. He'd seen bits of it a week ago and asked why she hadn't mentioned it. She said she was embarrassed and he laughed. "I didn't think that was possible anymore."

Neither Roger or Steve had shown any interest in her for nearly two weeks but she managed to put that out of her mind - she would deal with them later. For now, she wanted nothing more than that feeling of cock in her ass and the orgasm it led to.

The weekend was intense. Todd had called her at work on Friday afternoon.

"Donna? Dave and the guys are going down to the park for a guy's weekend. I'm thinking of going, do we have anything planned? I was thinking..."

Donna stopped listening, her mind already filling the next two days in with visits to the glory hole, another date with the woman from the shoe store, maybe a phone call to Peter to ask him to set her up. Her mind flooded with thoughts of how to best use the time, how to get the most cock into her in the fewest number of hours. There was a new website she'd found dedicated to straight guys who were anal freaks and she could spend some time there, she could...

"Hey? Did you hear me? I want to use your car for the trip, is that OK?"

Donna shook her head and tried to focus. Only two things mattered to her: "I'm sorry, what time did you say you were leaving? And what time did you say you'd be back? I mean, how long will you be gone. I mean..."

Todd's voice dropped. "I know what you mean," he said quietly. She read it in his voice, he was let down, maybe suspicious that something was going on. It didn't matter.

"So, OK if I use your car instead of mine?"

Donna gave the car a mental once-over, was there any incriminating evidence? She'd been very careful to never leave anything there.&nbsp; The strap on was always on now, the case in Peter's hotel room. And any toys they played with stayed there.

"No, that's fine. Listen, do you want to stay over Sunday night? I mean, it's a long drive and I don't want you taking any chances on the roads." She wasn't sure how much action she could get at the bar on a Sunday night, but there was no point cutting out options.

"Sunday night?" he asked, his voice dejected. "Are you trying to get rid of me? Donna, what's up with the men's clothes thing?"

She was silent, uncertain how much to tell him, how to manipulate the truth with him.

"And all the oral? I mean, I like it and all, but I can't help wonder if something's going on." She didn't respond. She looked around her cubicle, at the piles of paper, the stapler, the clock. "No, Todd, nothing's going on. I'm...just bringing a little spice into it is all."

"All right then," he said, his voice back to normal. He'd bought it. She felt a cold fist tightening in her gut. He trusted her and she was lying to him. Not just sucking his cock rather than fucking him, but now she was telling outright lies. She pictured him at his desk on the other end of the phone, a smile on his face, relieved that his wife wasn't sneaking around, feeling good that she was concerned enough for his safety that she suggested he not drive at night. She saw his face, imagined touching it, imagined kissing it, closed her eyes and imagined unbuttoning his shirt, undoing his belt and sliding his pants down around his ankles, leaning forward and sucking him stiff, then turning him around and pushing her cock against his asshole, holding his hips and...she dropped the phone and stared at it, trembling, scared at her own depravity. Fucking him with the fake cock so she could get off. She shook her head. No, no, no.

"Donna?" she heard the phone calling. She picked it up. "Todd, I have to go, I have a meeting, you gonna be OK?"

"Yeah, honey, everything's fine. Listen, I'm gonna head home and pack. If I miss you, I'll see you Monday. I love you."

"I...love you too, Todd." A pause. "Have a good weekend."

She'd spent the entire weekend in an orgasmic haze, most of it in a hotel suite she'd rented near the gay bar. She'd worked the glory hole for a few hours Friday night, but then went out on the dance floor, offering herself to anyone who showed any interest at all, taking them back to the hotel after a few drinks and dances. Word got out quickly and men started calling their friends, inviting them to the hotel room for some of the best anal they'd had in years. 

Saturday afternoon, one of the men had a friend bring rubber sheets for the bed and by midnight Saturday, she was swimming in a pool of brownish cum. Tom, the man who'd brought the sheets, checked with each man at the door to see what he liked. Then, he'd either give him Don soaked and slimy on the rubber sheets or showered and dressed in the other bedroom, dressed in men's pajamas or just satin boxers. They both agreed to keep the cock hidden whenever they could. She always turned down the men's offers to reciprocate, they all seemed more than happy when she told them that all she lived for was to have her ass fucked. "My name's Don and I'm a pleasure machine with a hungry ass," she said to more than one of them. "All that matters is that you keep filling me up." It always had the expected effect.

By Sunday night, she hadn't slept at all and Tom had left. He'd turned her over late early Sunday morning to a guy named Joe who'd started pimping her out at twenty dollars a pop. She didn't know it until he handed her two hundred dollars on Monday morning. "Your cut," he said. She saw him push a much bigger wad of bills into his own pocket but didn't care. She asked him if he wanted to fuck her.

"Fuck you? I don't know how many of them know what you are, but I do. And there's no way I'd fuck a sicko bitch like you, 'Don'." Donna wasn't surprised that he knew, she wondered how many of them did now. But, she *was* shocked how much his insult turned her on. She *was* a sicko, she had become what Peter wanted her to become. And she loved it.


[Week 6 - Tuesday]

"I have something new for you," Peter told her as she walked into the room. "Keep your clothes on." She closed the door behind her and followed him into the bedroom. There was a folder on the bed. She picked it up and opened it. Inside were several 8 X 10's of a beautiful woman and a resume. She was dressed in an expensive, well cut clothes, wearing diamond jewelry, her blond hair and blue eyes seductive and vulnerable at the same time.

"Linda Halston," Peter said. He reached out his hand and took the photos, handed her back the resume. "Read it. Memorize it. You're going to have lunch with her today." Donna looked at him in shock. "What?"

"You're going to have lunch with her today. She saw your photo on an escort site and she's interested in meeting you." Donna shook her head slowly, dropping her eyes to the floor. "Well, more than meeting you. She's hired you for the afternoon." Donna started muttering "no, no, no, Peter, no..."

"You'll have lunch with her Tonio's downtown, then go back to her place with her. You'll be charming and seductive, tell her how beautiful she is, how much you enjoy spending time with her."

Donna was shaking now. "Isn't this just another ass fuck?" She tripped over her words. No, obviously not. Linda was a woman. She shook her head. What was Peter thinking? What was she after?

"No, no," he laughed. "No, she wants the BFE - boyfriend experience. You're not a bimbo she hired to fuck her, you're a man seducing her. Your job is to seduce her."

Donna was sobbing now. "Peter...does she know, does she know...?"

He smiled and handed her the photos. "No, she doesn't know. But, she's going to make it easy on you. She doesn't want to be fucked. She wants her pussy licked. You...*do*...lick pussy, don't you, Donna?" She shook her head. It was a natural move after all wasn't it? If she was turning into a man, she'd have to start fucking women. She'd always assumed Peter wanted her as a gay ass slut but now she realized his picture was bigger. Being an ass slut might still allow her to keep some part of her identity as a woman. Woman could have anal sex. But once she started seducing and fucking women, what was left of Donna would be gone. She would *be* Don. She shivered and sobbed, feeling confused and humiliated by how depraved the idea was, how successful Peter had been, and - most of all - crushed by knowing how much it turned her on.



The date was horrible.

Donna had never been a man before, she was clumsy and confused, touching Linda when it was too early, missing Linda's opening for a kiss. In the taxi on the way to the hotel, Linda complained about Don's insensitivity to her stories over dinner and Donna felt angry, felt an unusual rage simmering inside her. She looked at Linda and wanted to hit her. Fucking bitch - you hire an escort because you can't find a real boyfriend then you complain that I'm not 'sensitive' enough? I'll show you sensitive, I'll rip that fucking dress of you and ream your little golden pussy with...Donna froze. It was too easy to identify herself on the other side of that transaction. How many men had the same thoughts go through their heads when she teased them, used them to get a free dinner, teasing them with promises, waving her snatch in front of them with no intention to ever deliver. Linda was Donna in another life. A cock-teasing whore looking out for nobody but herself. Donna imagined her on her back, legs in the air while he pumped the big cock in and out, watching her face contort, listening to her beg him...she squirmed, realized she had called herself 'him'...

"Don?" She looked at Linda. The door of the taxi was open and she was sliding across the seat. "Pay the man and let's get going."

She went inside and Linda led her upstairs, told her she wasn't having much of a good time and that his tongue had better be pretty fucking good or Peter would owe her a full refund. "And *don't* take your fucking clothes off, got it?" she barked. "You can jack off when you get home. Right now," she pulled her dress over her head, she was completely naked underneath. "Right now, I want to feel your tongue right where it belongs." Donna stared at her. The woman's body turned her on, she could feel it between her legs. She felt a shiver run through her. She was aroused when she saw naked gay men sucking each others cocks. Now, she was aroused seeing a naked woman with her legs spread. Peter was thorough.

"Come on, dickless, get over here," Linda barked. Donna wanted to hit her, to pull down her pants and fuck the hell out of the insulting little bitch on the bed. Ream her pussy and ass until she begged him to stop. Her to stop. Donna's head swum, she was getting lost. She got on her knees on the floor and pushed her face into Linda's crotch. Her bush was trimmed, just a strip down each side, a small patch across the top connecting them. Donna put her tongue into the unfamiliar spot. She didn't like the taste. It was easy knowing what to do, Todd had spent a lot of time between her legs and she remembered it all. She moved her tongue up and down the lips, then along the crease of the slit, not pushing Linda's lips open, just teasing.

"Get to work, goddam it!" Linda growled. Donna pushed her tongue angrily between the lips, pressing hard against her clit. "Yeah, that's it, Donnie, right there, right there. Faster." She started licking up and down, her tongue flicking faster as Linda pressed her hips upward. "No, no. Fucking idiot asshole - circles, circles around it. Come on." Linda grabbed Donna's hair and ground her face into her cunt, ordering her to speed up, slow down, side to side, up and down, shifting what she wanted every few seconds, always angry and insulting. Donna hated the smell, the taste, the feel of pussy all over her face. Linda jerked her from side to side, Donna's face was coated cheek to cheek and forehead to chin with Linda. She gagged and Linda heard it. She raised herself up on her elbows. "Not big on this, are you Donnie?" Donna looked up and apologized. Linda laughed and pushed her head back between her legs, pushing harder now.

"Well, it's a good thing it doesn't matter what you like. I paid for your tongue, you little pencil-dicked asswipe. Worship my pussy like a good boy," she was moaning now, Donna seemed to be hitting a rhythm.

"Come on, limp dick, suck it, yeah, lick me, come on, faster, yeah, faster." Donna felt Linda's hips moving slower now, grinding against the bed and her face. Linda's voice was more breathless, her insults more ugly.

"Get your tongue in there, you piece of shit. Then, I'm gonna fuck your ass and beat you with my belt and smash those little faggot balls of yours in my hand and...ah fuck! Yeah!" she jerked as she came, holding Donna's head in place, humping her tongue and screaming. Donna felt a warm gush over her face and gagged, but Linda kept her pressed tight to her crotch. The liquid ran down her neck and splashed on the bed, soaking her shirt, her neck, her hair.

Linda pulled her head away and lay for a long time catching her breath. When she was calmed down, she looked at Donna, let go of her hair.

"Get the fuck out of here," Linda ordered. "Now."



Donna took a taxi back to Peter's hotel. She was steaming all the way. The fucking bitch, the fucking bitch. She saw pictures of herself slapping Linda, pulling her hair, throwing her across the bed and fucking her silly. She shook her head and took deep breaths, trying to calm herself down.

When she got back to the room, Peter handed her a glass of champagne. "Donna, my dear. You have managed to impress one of my best clients. She said you were a real asshole, a loser in fact, a fumbling, uncoordinated jerk on the date, one of the worst she's had. But in the bedroom, you rocked her world. She wants you back again on Thursday, as long as you understand you aren't going to get your cock anywhere near her." He laughed. "Solves the problem for both of us, doesn't it?"

Donna threw the glass on the floor. "No, motherfucker! It doesn't solve any problem for anyone! I don't want to be licking pussy, I want cock, I want to be sucking and fucking cock! Do you understand me?"

Peter calmly sipped his champagne. "Testosterone kicking in, eh?" She wanted to punch the fucking grin off of his smug face. "How long has the rage been swimming around inside you? Didn't you understand that this was coming?"

Donna wanted to throw up. She recognized it now - how easily she'd blown off Todd, how she'd wanted to rape Linda, how she was pushing back at Peter now. The hormones that were flooding through her were changing her on a deeper level than she'd imagined possible. They were rewiring her completely.

Peter leaned over and picked up the glass, calmly refilled it for her. "Donna. Try and calm down. It isn't the end of the world." He handed her the glass. "Isn't that what you always tell us? 'calm down it isn't the end of the world?'"

"Now, dear," he said, sipping his glass. "I have to admit I'm at a bit of a crossroads here. I am considering two possible paths for you. For how your life is going to go from here forward." Donna stared at him, angry but paralyzed.

"Part of me is very tempted to continue your ass training." She felt a shudder of arousal. "You are nearly perfect now, you crave it. You dream of it, don't you? I know about the online sites, about the movies you watch, about all those nights you weren't here but you still went to the bar." Donna felt her old life slipping further and further away. He was right, she craved cock up her ass in a way she couldn't imagine even the horniest gay man might. Her dreams revolved around having a cock up her ass, asleep or awake.

"But I want more." He stepped closer to her and ran his fingers through her hair. She made a sound that was half laugh, half grunt.

"Linda told me how much you hate licking pussy. I guessed that but I wasn't sure. Now I am. So..." he stopped stroking her hair and slid his hand down to the fake cock, stroked it, watched her respond. "I'm considering going the rest of the way with you."

Donna shook and reached for his hand, pulled back. "The rest of the way?"

"We have a couple of options there too," he said louder, stepping back and sitting in the armchair. He crossed his legs and looked her body up and down. If he didn't know her history, he would have taken her for a man easily. The drugs and weeks of immersion had done their job, she even stood like a man, legs feet together, one hip cocked higher than the other, head tilted, a slight sneer.

"Your body already knows how to move like a man, how to take cock up the ass, how to fuck someone with your own cock. My decision..." he paused again to take a sip. 

Donna barked, "You know, Peter, I'm fucking sick and tired of your dramatic fucking pauses!" 

He laughed. "OK, OK, I'll get to the point. I'm considering surgery. I'm considering giving you a real cock."

She felt a thrill go through her body - the same mixture of arousal and dread she was so used to around Peter. Everything he'd done had scared her but everything he'd turned her into turned her on. She ached to get back to the glory hole, though. He could talk about his weirdo scheme later, she needed to get fucked. She ran her hand down into her pants and stroked the cock, not noticing or caring that Peter was watching.

"Donna? Hey!" She raised her head.

"Get me to the goddam bar, Peter," she said angrily. 

"What about it? Aren't you scared, worried?"

"Fuck you, Peter. I don't care about you and your asshole plans. I need some cock. Now. Is someone coming or are you going to get me to the bar." He watched her, her body trembling, hand rubbing the fake cock. "Fuck you, Donna." He watched her play with herself five minutes, ten minutes, their eyes locked, watching her cum twice, stroking herself and moaning.

"Donna? Donna?" she heard his voice and swam up through her orgasm fog and focused. "Yeah?"

"We're going out."



"That woman at the table," Peter said. He pointed at a table in the hotel lounge where a middle aged woman was eating a carrot cake dessert. She was at least thirty pounds overweight with thin, light brown hair and a man's face. A romance novel on the table but a Blackberry on top of it, hiding the title.

"Business traveller. See the clothes and the briefcase. A ring on her hand and overweight. Not getting it at home." He stared at her a while longer then said, "probably doesn't like oral and fucks with the lights out."

Donna stared at the woman. "How the hell can you tell all of that?"

Peter laughed. "I can't, but the odds are in my favor. I've been doing this a *long* time." 

Donna looked at the woman. She did have a faraway look, a road warrior. And Peter's instincts were always remarkably right on.

"Go pick her up."

Donna stared at him. "She's one of yours, right?"

He shook his head. "Nope. This is your first solo flight. If you're going to be a man, you have to think like a man."

"That's insane. No woman is just going to let a stranger pick her up and fuck her just like that. What little boy's fantasy world do you live in?"

Peter smiled and walked away. Over his shoulder, he said, "just do it. I'll be back in two hours."

Donna was shocked how easy it was for Don to pick up the woman. Nancy was from Boston and travel was getting the better of her. She'd been on the road for five of the last six weeks and she was getting tired of it. After two rounds of drinks, they were both telling their bosses to "go fuck yourself" and laughing. Donna leaned over to kiss her and she opened her mouth eagerly, rested her hand on Donna's leg. Donna took the woman's hand and slid it along the inside of her left leg, let her feel the already stiff cock. Her eyes lit up and they were in the elevator in less than two minutes. Donna pushed her up against the back wall, held her hands up over her head, and stuck her tongue down the woman's throat. They fucked with the lights off - just as Peter had predicted. Donna sucked her tits and fingered her pussy, holding her hands flat on the mattress above her head. Nancy moaned and whispered "I'll suck your cock for you," but Donna just kept pumping her with her fingers. Then, she climbed on top of her and rammed the cock deep into her cunt. Nancy moaned and Donna felt it, the rush of conquest. She heard the blood rushing in her ears and pumped harder, deeper. The cock transmitted pleasure to her cunt but she was more excitement hearing Nancy's moaning, surrendering her soft body to Donna's cock. She watched Nancy's face twisting in the darkness, heard her moans and panting breath, savored her conquest, enjoyed her ability to totally dominate the bitch, to reduce the little whore to just a piece of meat for her cock to violate, to see her writhing underneath her, the cock tearing her in half, her swollen titties pressing against her chest. The woman didn't cum for a long time but Donna kept fucking her. She was sweating and panting now, squirming underneath her like a bitch in heat. Donna wished she had a real cock so she could feel the bitch's cunt twitch and clench, gritted her teeth and fucked even harder. She heard the woman grunt deeply then start moaning again. "You liked that, didn't you bitch?" Donna growled. The woman shook her head and moaned. "You're gonna love this," she said, pulling out and holding herself poised at Nancy's hot little pussy. After a few seconds, she rammed her cock in hard and fast, smiled as she heard Nancy's quiet scream, pulled out and did it again. "I'm gonna fuck you crazy, bitch," she threatened, pulling out and fucking hard again. Nancy started yelling and came, scratching Donna's back and pulling her hair. "Yeah, that's it, you cunt, let it all out," Donna barked. She slowed down and felt the woman's twitching subside. When she caught her breath, Donna pulled her cock out of the woman and stood by the side of the bed. "I should have you lick the pussy off of my cock but I have to run. You were nice, but I have a real woman to fuck later so I have to preserve myself." She saw Nancy curl up and pull the covers over her and laughed. "Fucking whore," she said as she opened the door and walked out.

In the elevator on the way down, Donna collapsed crying in the corner. She'd enjoyed that too much. She was nearly abusive, she enjoyed watching the woman squirm on her cock the way she'd seen men try to make her squirm. She'd always kept the upper hand and now she was doing it again. It felt good. It felt good to be in charge, to have the weapon between her legs and use it. To be on the attack. She felt another surge between her legs and thought about going back up, fucking Nancy again. No, no, she thought, shaking her head.

The elevator stopped and Donna jumped to her feet. The door opened up and a woman stepped in. She looked at Donna and quickly turned around to face the door. Donna looked at her ass, then down her legs. She looked to be in her early 20's, wearing a shiny pair of tights tucked into knee-high leather boots. Her top was red and loose fitting. Donna's eyes went back up her legs to her ass. It was magnificent, two gorgeous globes, round and firm. She wanted to bend the girl over and fuck her right there in the elevator. The bell rang and the door opened again. Another woman got in, this one was overweight and badly dressed, looked to be in her fifties and on a losing streak. But Donna noticed her neck, exposed by her short, short haircut. There was something sexy about, something that called out to be kissed, licked, fondled, bit. Donna's cunt was swelling and she ran her hand over her chest, teasing her nipples. The woman looked sideways and noticed her. She stared at the woman and growled "what you lookin' at, honey?" The woman turned her head and stared at the elevator door. 

Donna stepped closer to her and put her arm around the woman's waist. "You looking for a date, sweet thing?" she asked, leaning in and kissing the woman's ear. The woman swung her arm and slapped Donna hard across the face. "Fuck off," she said. Donna growled back, "you wish, bitch!" When the door opened, Donna pushed her way past the two women and stormed down the hall to the lounge. Her head was swimming. She was becoming not only a man, but a real asshole. She stared at every woman that walked by, wondered what she would be like in bed. Then, she noticed she was staring at one of the men at the bar, wondering if he was gay, wondering if he'd fuck her ass. Everyone in the place was just a cock or pussy to her. She wanted something up her ass, even if it was her own fake cock. She looked at the man at the bar, then noticed a woman standing near the ladies room. She was hot, wore a tight, short skirt over a big ass and shiny stockings on her long, long legs. Donna wanted to fuck her, pin her to the bed and ream her cunt with her cock until they both came, then leave her on the bed, begging for more. Donna would just laugh at her, call her a worthless cunt and walk away. She was dizzy and slightly nauseated when Peter showed up and took her hand. 

"You look awful. You feeling sick?" he asked, starting to walk down the hallway with her.

She stopped and turned to him with a wild look in her eyes and hissed, "Peter, I need my ass fucked. I NEED my ass fucked. Get me to the bar."

He laughed and said, "REAL men don't take it up the ass. They give it." He turned and started walking toward the front door of the hotel. "Come on, let's get you home. Maybe you can fuck your hubby?" Donna swung at him, he stopped her fist in midair. "Temper, Don, temper." 

"Peter, don't be an asshole. It's early. You have me till two. Shit, you have me all night. And every day. Don't send me home. Nobody's home. Todd's home but I don't want to fuck him. I want to fuck...oh shit, I want a cock up my ass, I want..." she trembled and felt dizzy again. "I don't know what I want, Peter, what do I want? Am I a woman or a man? Peter?" Peter stared at her and laughed. Donna saw red and swung her fist again. This time, Peter was too slow and she clipped him across the jaw, felt the jarring impact up her arm. Peter's face went white, a drop of blood formed on his bottom lip.

"Yeah," he laughed. "You're a real man now, aren't you, Don?" She stared, stunned and confused. Peter wiped his lip and smiled. "Come on. You were right. You really need to get fucked."









DONNA'S TRANSFORMATION

CHAPTER 6 - [Week 6 - Saturday]

Donna took another drink of beer, burped loud and threw a ten dollar bill on the table in front of her. "C'mon, you kin do better'n that," she slurred, curling her finger at Kitty. Kitty wiggled her ass and leaned over and picked up the bill in her teeth. She stood up and dropped it between her naked titties, letting it stick to the trickle of sweat there.

"You want another lap dance, sugar?" she purred in a fake Southern accent. She turned and pushed her ass in Donna's face, the bright red G-string all that separated the tip of Donna's nose from her asshole. Donna leaned forward and licked Kitty's sweaty bottom. Kitty spun around, "hey, what the fuck!" she yelled then waved for the bouncer. "He touched me, Bull, he put his fucking finger or something on my ass!"

The bouncer, who looked ten feet tall man made of solid granite, grabbed Donna's shirt and pulled her up out of the chair. "We don't need no troublemakers," he growled, pulling Donna toward the door. Donna swung her arms and hit the man over and over but he didn't even notice. The men around were watching and laughing.

"You pussy, put up a fight!"

"Faggot."

"Look at that guy, shit, he looked like a broad himself!"

Bull pushed her out the door and yelled, "I don't want to see you around her again." Donna stumbled down the sidewalk, drunk and needing to puke. She leaned against the building, felt the cool stone on her side of her face, fell in love all over again.

She'd been like that for the last two nights. Because Peter sent her home early on Tuesday, she ran into Todd. He'd been drinking and came at her like a wild man. She'd never seen him behave like that before. He wasn't gentle, didn't rub her shoulders or kiss her, just grabbed her and tore open her shirt.

"What the fuck happened to you? Your titties are gone?" He was slurring slightly, Donna's hand shot out for his cock, hoping she could jack him off while he was distracted. She was fast, but he was faster. He undid her pants and yanked them down around her knees.

"Holy fucking shit!" he yelled, staring at the cock dangling between her legs. "What the fuck?" She lurched forward, wrapped her arms around him and grabbed his cock in her hand. But he pushed her away.

"Donna! What the *fuck*!" She started yelling at him then about what a wimp he was and how she never loved him and about his freaky New Age bullshit and everything other evil thing she could think of to push him away. Now that he knew, she had to push him away, it was the only way to stay sane.

"Just tell me!" he yelled back, pounding his fists against the wall. "Just tell me what the hell's going on!"

"I don't owe you an explanation. I don't owe you a fucking thing! Fuck you!" she yelled, out of control now. She felt consumed, wanted to hit him, hurt him, cut him into little pieces and feed him to himself.

"I don't know what's going on here but I'm not staying to find out," he yelled, storming to the bedroom. She followed him. "Hey, fuck you and don't come back, asshole!" She ran out of the bedroom, down the hall and through the kitchen, coming out of the house by the side door. She yanked the car door open, got in, and drove to the gay bar. She stood outside and stared at the door, watched two young men fondling each other, hands lost inside their pants. "Fucking fags," she growled, then pressed the pedal down and shot the car further up the road.

She stopped at a country-western bar, parked and went inside. She looked around and found the biggest guy in the place, went up and threw a punch at him. He barely flinched, just turned around and grinned.

"You want something, boy?"

"Yeah, you faggot. I want to fuck you up the ass," Donna screamed in her most threatening voice.

"You got till the count of three to get out of..." He stopped when Donna punched him in the crotch. Then, her world exploded in a bright flash of white light as he swung and hit her underneath the chin. She flew two feet into the air, landing on her ass on the floor. Donna got up and ran at the man, swung her arm at him, landed square in the middle of his face, drew blood from his nose.

"Cocksucker!" he growled and punched her hard in the stomach. Donna fell backward and crawled toward the door, moaning and broken. "Get back here, cocksucker," she heard from behind her. The man grabbed her by the shirt and picked her up, held her close to his face. "You wanna hit me again, girly?" he sneered. Donna spit in his face. He swung his arm and threw her against the wall. Donna slid to the floor, feeling pain everywhere, seeing double, loving it. She was a real man now.

"Take it outside, boys," the bartender yelled. Donna looked up in a haze and saw him standing there with a baseball bat in his hand. "Now!"

She tried to get up but couldn't. A pair of hands lifted her from behind and she saw a girl in jeans and a denim top holding her. "Come on cowboy, I think you need to go sleep it off somewhere."

They ended up in her car, Donna kissing her hard and finger fucking her in the back seat. The girl relaxed in Donna's arms, let her fingers get her wet and excited, then whispered, "fuck me." Donna smiled, the conquest feeling running through her again. She unzipped her jeans and slid them down around her knees, letting the cock spring free. The girl looked at it and screamed. "You fucking freak! You goddammed fucking freak!" She jumped out of the car and ran into the bar, yelling "keep that fucking fag away from me!" 

Donna fumbled with her pants, opened the door and fell out into the dirt parking lot, saw a rush of booted feet coming out of the bar, got up and tried to run but tripped and fell. Two of the men held her on, the third yanked her clothes off. He ripped the fake cock free of its snaps, saw the chained up cunt underneath and stepped back, laughing. The other men let her go and started laughing too.

"What the fuck is this?"

"Yeah, you a woman or a man, bitch?"

"I'll bet whatever it is, it can suck cock pretty good."

"How about it, boy, you suck cock?"

The crowd was spinning around her, she couldn't focus on any of the faces, just heard the jeering and laughter, felt the hands on her, felt the spit on her belly, her legs, her face.

"Oh what the fuck, leave the freakshow alone," someone said.

"Yeah, this is too fucking weird."

"Hey, the perv bar is down the road a ways. You'll fit right in there."

They started walking back into the bar in ones and twos. "What do you think? Man or woman?" "I'd fuck that ass whatever it was." "You're a fucking faggot." "Who you callin' a faggot, faggot?" and on and on.

She put the clothes back on and drove to the strip club on the other side of town. She'd spent the rest of that night, then every night since, at a table near the back, getting drunk on watered down beer, pissing in the urinal in the men's room, and buying lapdances. She could nearly get off from the pressure of the hot young girl's asses rubbing against her fake cock. Some of them let her kiss them, some let her fondle their titties. She wanted to ask them to come home with her, to let her fuck them, but she always backed down at the last minute.

She threw up twice the first night, learned to pace herself. She learned that she couldn't sit in the darkness and stroke her cock, the bouncers threatened her about that. She learned that the sexy women on stage wouldn't give her head.

She also learned that they turned her on terribly. It was horrible, sick, twisted, but she hooted and hollered with the guys in the bar, chanting "take it off" and whooping it up when one of the girls slid down the pole with her legs spread, faking an orgasm. Donna wanted to get up and show them how it's done but she knew better.

A horn in the parking lot brought her out of her memories. She turned her head and saw a pickup truck parked near her car. She leaned against the wall and heard the horn again. There was a big man with a smile on his face behind the wheel, staring at her. He waved his arm and Donna slowly made her way to the car. The man wasn't handsome, he was unshaven and overweight, but there was a raw sexuality coming from&nbsp; him that she responded to. She looked to see if there was a woman in the car but he was alone.

"Hey, buddy, you look kinda beat," the man said when Donna was about ten feet away. Donna nodded.

"It's been a long week," she muttered. She kept walking until she was a few feet from the truck.

"You new around here?" the man asked.

"Yeah. Not from this part of town," Donna answered. She felt like throwing up again. "You got any beer?"

"Beer? Don't you mean white wine?" the man laughed.

Donna was puzzled, stared at him for a second. The smile on his face faded, replaced by a tight, evil grin.

"You heard me. Don't you like white wine?"

She shook her head slowly, still puzzled and getting angry.

"No, man, just a cold brew..."

The man leaned out the window of the truck and sneered at Donna.

"You're a fuckin' faggot, aren't you? A white wine drinking queer gayboy," he growled. Donna saw the door of the truck start to open and turned to run but there were three men standing behind her. They grabbed her arms and lifted her, carried her struggling body to the back of the truck, threw her into the bed, climbed in after her.

"Oh yee-haw!" one of them yelled. "We got us a nice warm pussy for the night!" She felt feet on her pinning her down as the truck roared out of the parking lot and out onto the dirt road. The men were passing around a bottle, laughing and howling at the moon.

"Faggy boy's gonna like this, ain't he?"

"They like it ALL, as long as it's hard and stiff, aint' that right, faggy boy?" Donna felt a toe pushing at her ass, felt the tingle run through her body. The truck hit a bump and her head slammed against the truck bed. 

"That musta hurt." They laughed. "Hey, queerboy. you want a drink?"

Someone grabbed her head and pushed the bottle into her mouth, tilted it back. It was bourbon. She gagged and sputtered. Someone held her hair and tilted her head back further. They poured and she swallowed, feeling it burn all the way down.

The truck went deeper into the woods, finally bumped to a stop. The men lifted her up and dragged her to a tree. They pulled her arms tight around the trunk and tied her wrists. Someone cut open the crotch of her pants and ripped the seam up to the belt. She was terrified they'd spot the piercings and chains but it was dark and they were drunk and horny. She heard the man spit on his cock, heard him rubbing it, felt him slipping it along her ass cheeks, finally pushing hard at her anus.

"Whoo! This one's got a loose goosey little ass. He's seen a *looot* of cock in his day, aintcha boy?" the man pushed his face into Donna's and licked her cheek. She felt a flash of lust as he rammed his cock deep into her ass. She moaned and they all laughed.

"Oh yeah, gayboy's lovin' this." He rammed his cock into her hard, pulled it out, starting fucking hard and steady.

"Squeal like a pig for me, boy," he laughed. The rest of them started squealing, stopping only to double over with laughter then start again.

When the first one unloaded deep in her bowels, the second man slid in right behind him. He was bigger and rougher, grinding her hard against the tree. She felt the tree bark scraping her nipples and it turned her on. She started moaning loud and he fucked her deeper in the ass.

Donna started moaning. "Oh fuck yeah, oh, deep, oh fuck me, oh yeah!"

The man ground his body harder against Donna, she felt the bark ripping her skin. "Shut up you faggot, just shut up and take it," he growled, fucking like a crazy man now. When he came, Donna nearly passed out. The hot cum shot deep into her body, gushed out around the base of his cock and down her leg. He pressed his mouth against her ear. "Don't you *ever* fucking talk to me like that again, you queer bastard, you got it?" He spit a huge gob onto her cheek, pushed it into her mouth with his finger. She gagged as he pushed his long finger deep into her throat. "Next time, queer boy, it's your mouth I'm gonna fuck."

He stepped away and the next man ran forward, pushed his cock into her and fucked fast. "Looky me, riding the gay train! Whoo Whoo!" he laughed, swinging his arm in the air. Donna opened herself wider, his cock was smaller but she needed it badly. She pushed down on it, moaning, feeling his balls swinging against her leg.

"Oh damn!" he crowed, then came. Everyone laughed. "Ten second Charlie strikes again," someone yelled.

The last man fucked her quickly too, he came in a just a minute, then they all got back in the truck and pulled up beside her.

"Have a nice night, queer boy. And don't forget to come back and visit us sometime, y'hear?" They all laughed and the truck pulled away.

Donna watched the taillights fade and leaned her face against the tree. It was chilly and she felt goosebumps up and down her arms. The ass rape and the cold had sobered her up and her situation started to dawn on her. She stayed calm for nearly an hour before panic set in. She was in the middle of nowhere. Nobody knew she was there. Nobody even knew she was missing. She tugged at the ropes but they were solid, the knots tight. She rubbed the rope up and down on the tree bark but realized she'd rub the skin off of her arms before she rubbed through the rope.

Donna looked around. Maybe there would be lights from a highway. Maybe there was something in reach she could use to cut the rope. No. Nothing. No hope. She leaned her head against the tree. She felt something crawl over her hand and up her forearm. She screamed and shook and it was gone. The cum dripping down the inside of her leg drew her focus to her ass again. It had felt so good. Having a rock hard cock up her ass, feeling the hot liquid shooting deep inside her. It didn't even matter if she came or not, just that feeling of...no! she shook her head. The bastards had ass fucked her. That was something you did to faggots and women. She rubbed her cock against the tree, felt the surge in her clit. She started humping the tree yelling, "fuck you, fuck you! fuck you!" as the men who weren't there any more. She was screaming when she came, pressing her nipples hard against the bark, scraping and scratching them and howling with delirious pleasure.



They came back for her at two in the morning. She heard the truck coming closer, slowly lifted her head and opened her eyes. She must have fallen asleep, she was drowsy and confused. It was chilly and she was shivering.

As the truck came closer, she heard their voices, laughing and singing along to a loud Lynrd Skynyrd tune. The truck pulled up close to the tree, the men got out and circled around her. There were eight of them in all this time, all stinking of beer and bourbon, all slurring their words, cursing and spitting tobacco on the ground.

"We hear you like it rough, boy," a new voice said. She felt something pushed into her mouth, then rope wrapped around her head, the knot in her mouth. The rough texture of a wool shirt pressed against her back and a hard cock slid easily into her open and soaking wet ass. They fucked her one after the other, took a second round with her, then four of them came back for a third. When they were finished, they untied her and left her on the ground with a half-empty bottle of bourbon propped like a cock between her legs.









CHAPTER 7

[Week 6 - Tuesday]


Peter opened the bedroom door to check on Donna. She was propped up on a pile of pillows on the bed, legs open, stroking her cock and cumming. It was nearly noon. She'd been in the bedroom, eyes fixed on the video, since she arrived at six. 

When she got there, she told Peter what happened to her in the woods and he asked her what she thought of it. Who did they rape? Don or Donna? She was confused, realized that she really couldn't answer. Peter told her to sit and stay calm; that, in fact, she should go into the bedroom and take off her clothes, get comfortable on the bed. She did, relaxing into the soft white sheets, her back propped on a pile of pillows.

Peter came in and handed her two pills and a glass of water. "Here. Aspirin. It'll calm you down." Donna smiled and accepted them, swallowed them, before it occurred to her to wonder what they really were.

Peter turned on the television, went into the other room and turned on a movie. It was a porno movie. A woman was tied standing in the middle of the room, arms high above her head, standing on her toes. A man stood beside her, a paddle in his hand.

"I don't watch this kind of thing," she said slowly.

"What do you mean, Don?" Peter asked.

"I'm not really into bonda...did you call me Don?"

"No. I called you Donna."

"You called me...Donna," she echoed but the words came out thick and slow. She watched the screen. The man had his hands on the woman's hips, was turning her around. Donna reached for her cock and started stroking it. The man swatted the woman on the bottom and Donna felt a jolt in her cunt. This was arousing her.

"You didn't like to have your ass fucked, did you Don?" Peter asked.

"No, I hated it, you don't fuck a straight man," she said.

"But, you're not a straight man are you Don? You let anyone who wanted to fuck your ass in the glory hole, Don. You're a cock lover, Don, aren't you?"

Donna squeezed her eyes, trying to focus. He was talking to Don. "Yes," Donna moaned, stroking herself, "I'm a cock lover, I love cock in my ass."

"But Donna, I thought you were going to be fucking women from now on." He went on in a monotone, his calm tone calculated to confuse her even further, talking as if everything she was doing was completely normal.

"Yes, I like fucking women but it isn't a real cock, I'm fucking them so I can get off..."

"You like to get off, don't you Don? That's why you seduce these women?"

"Peter, stop, Peter, stop, I don't know what I'm saying..." she muttered.

"I sent them, Don. I sent them to fuck you because the guys at the glory hole miss your mouth," he went on.

"That wasn't me. That was Donna. That was Donna, the ass whore. The...gay ass whore..." she stopped, everything was merging together and it made no sense. Peter took a small case out of his pocket and sat it on the bed between them.

"Watch the nice movie, honey," he said. Donna turned toward the screen, eyes locked on the woman's body as it twisted and turned in the air.

Peter opened the case and took out a syringe. He squeezed the air bubble out of it and pushed the tip into Donna's ass. She squirmed but the pills he'd given her relaxed her enough that she didn't care. And the new drug would take her even further, washing her in such confusion she wouldn't know if she was coming or going.

"Don?"

She raised her head slightly, eyes unfocused, breathing heavy. 

"Yeah, man?"

"Don, if I brought you a woman like that, would you tie her up?"

Donna looked at the screen and locked her eyes on the woman's body. The muscles taut, pussy shaved and glistening, every muscle stretched as she supported her weight on the tips of her toes.

"Oh, fuck yeah, I would," Donna said. "Juuust like that. Just like that." She turned to Peter. "Then, I'd fuck her so hard. Oh yeah..." Donna stroked the cock and squirmed as she came. Peter had left by then, the movie still running. That was at seven, five hours ago.

Now, Donna was insane with lust, jerking herself off on the bed, swinging her arms as the man in the video swung the paddles. Peter had stepped in at around nine and gagged her, she'd been screaming when she came and he couldn't take a chance someone in another room would hear her.

"It's time to show you something," Peter said. Donna kept stroking her cock and cumming. Peter grabbed her wrist and she swung a fist at him. "Get the fuck away from me, dickhead!"

"Don, Don!" Donna froze, looked at him. "Don, I've got something special for you. You just need to come somewhere with me."

"No, I want to stay and watch the movie."

Peter smiled and looked at his watch. "OK, another hour then we have to go."

"Yeah, that's it man, that's it," Donna said, reaching for her cock again. She turned back to the screen. "Come on, man, smack that ass!"



At two in the afternoon, Peter brought Donna a sandwich. She ate with one hand, stroked with the other, pausing only once to cum. She pointed at the screen.

"Dig that, man. That bitch's pussy is pierced in four places. Wow, that would be something to see."

Look between your legs underneath that face cock, Peter thought, but didn't say anything.

"Yeah, that's hot," he said. "Listen, are you ready to go?"

Donna pressed the cock against her leg, raised her hand to her mouth and licked it. "Yeah, I guess I can take a break."

Peter turned off the television.

"Maybe later, you and me go pick up some pussy?" Donna said in a voice Peter found a little disconcerting.

"Listen, get your clothes on and meet me in the front room in five minutes."

Donna went into the bathroom and washed herself up, dried off and changed into a casual outfit - dark slacks and a t shirt with black shoes. 

"Well, you look pretty casual," Peter said, adding "I like that."

"What's up?" Donna asked.

"Come on." Peter said, opening the door. "Party."

They drove twenty minutes and into an upscale residential area. Donna didn't recognize it, she didn't know this part of town. They pulled into a driveway and Peter parked. Donna stood with her hands in her pockets, waited for Peter. They walked to the door and Peter rang the bell.

A woman in a French Maid outfit opened the door. Donna looked at her ass, expecting to see skin but the woman wore a pair of white ruffled panties. Her legs and titties were sweet though, Donna thought. She showed about four inches of creamy white thigh between the tops of her black stockings and the panties and enough cleavage to give Donna a heart attack.

"Come in. This must be Don?" Peter nodded. "We've been expecting you."

The woman led them through a large entryway and down a hall into another large room. There were about twenty people there, mostly dressed in business clothes. Three of them stood out. One was a naked woman wearing high heels and carrying a tray loaded with drinks. The second was a man dressed head to toe in red latex. Nothing showed except his cock, which hung limp and puny between his legs, his balls swinging free underneath.

Donna shook her head. It was a veritable freak show. And everyone else walking around like nothing was going on. Her stomach started twisting. Bunch of fucking freaks. I'll bet half of them are gay and the other half lesbians. 

"Donna?" She turned and recognized a face from work, one of the research assistants. She scanned the crowd again and it hit her. She knew most of these people. They all worked with her or were clients of her firm. Were they all kinky weirdos?

She looked around and saw the third freak. The figure was walking through the crowd, she only caught a glimpse now and then. She was wearing a pink dress with a big pink ribbon in her hair. She looked like an oversized Little Bo Peep. Her dress flared out around her big hips and she was wearing white tights. Her legs were big, muscular.

Donna looked at Peter. He just smiled and said, "mingle."

Donna looked around the room, saw a woman and immediately felt her cunt get wet. Her nipples responded too, stiffening and feeling the touch of the shirt she was wearing like little fingers caressing her flesh. She was walking toward the woman when she noticed the pink figure was just a few feet away. She looked at her from the back. Something about her was familiar, the way she stood, the way her shoulders hung, the tilt of her head.

Just as he turned around, Donna guessed.

"Roger?"

"Not Roger," she heard Peter say from just behind her. "Here, it's Lizzie." Peter&nbsp; walked past her and put his arm around Power's shoulders. He stroked the wig gently. "Isn't it, Lizzie?"

"Yes, Mr. Peter," Roger whispered in a soft voice.

"Now, Lizzie," Peter said quietly. "Have you ever had a man touch you before? You know, in *that* way?"

Donna's eyes widened, she stared at Peter, her knees weak, terrified. "Have you, Lizzie?"

Roger was frozen too. Donna saw the look on his face. He was stunned and afraid. She didn't understand, she had assumed he was behind all of this.

The crowd was gathering now, everyone was quiet. The naked woman and the latex man stood statue still at the edge of the crowd. Only Peter moved.

"Lizzie, did you hear me?" Peter repeated. "Have you ever had a man touch your private parts?"

Roger shook his head. Donna saw his lip tremble, his face turning a deep pink.

"Well, you are going to let our friend Don touch you today. Do you understand?"

Roger sobbed, whispered, "Yes, Mr. Peter."

But Donna was shaking her head. "Peter, no, Peter, no, I can't, Peter..." She took a step backward but felt hands on her shoulders.

"Going somewhere?"

She turned around and saw Steve. Steve Fordson, the one who'd been after her job at AXR. The one she'd been sleeping with. She went limp but he held her.

"Figured it all out, have we?" he taunted her. "You fucking manipulative little cunt." He pushed her toward two men who reached out and held her tight. "You used your little pussy to get anything you wanted, didn't you? Well, you've got a cock now, don't you? And all that testosterone coursing through your veins." Steve leaned forward, his face inches from hers. "Oh yeah, you'd like to rip my fucking head off right now, wouldn't you? Huh, jerkwad?" Donna jerked forward but the men held her.

"How did it feel being the ass slut for all those boys at the bar?" He pushed his hand up down into her pants, jerked the cock. It snapped free and he held it up. "This bitch pretended to be a man. Can you imagine anything sicker than that?" Donna looked around. That was why Steve had brought her here - to destroy her in front of her coworkers. She felt her life crumble underneath her, she could never face these people again. She started crying.

"Oh, cut it the fuck out!" Peter yelled, slapping her face. "You spent weeks in a gay bar sucking cock, then you started seducing women - fucking straight women, then you gangbang truckers out in the woods and we're supposed to think you're embarrassed we know you wear a strap on?" His voice got louder and louder and Donna cringed. "We all know you're sick, you're a twisted sick fuck who isn't good for anything except some fun!"&nbsp; He leaned into her again and said, loud, "isn't that right, Don?"

Calmly, he started unbuttoning her clothes, stripping her naked. "Or is it Donna today?" He stroked her mons. "Show them, honey. Show them what you begged me to do to you."

Tears flowing freely now, Donna pushed her hips forward, spreading her knees. The faces focused on the chains and rings, each of them whispering approval or disgust, but all reacting to the sight.

"Now, your ass."

She turned around and bent over. they could see her asshole was easily an inch distended, gaping while she stood there. "Forehead to the floor," Peter said. Donna leaned forward and braced herself with her hands, slowly folding herself in half until she pressed her forehead against the carpet. Peter leaned forward and spit into the open cavern, let the warm spit trickle down into her bowel.

Roger stood watching the whole time, his mouth quivering, his cock stiff underneath the dress. Peter looked at him, then at Steve.

"We should get this moving," Peter said.

Steve laughed. "Yeah, you're right." He handed Donna the penis. "Don. Don!" she stood up, tears streaming down her face but her lips set. "Put your cock back on Don. You're gonna fuck Little Bo Peep over here."

Roger stood perfectly still. Steve approached him. "Roger? I just want you to know how much I've enjoyed knowing you these last six years. When you told me about your kink three years ago, I wasn't judgmental, was I? In fact, I set you up with this great little audience, didn't I? And we've all rode this train to the top."

He raised his hand and the crowd raised their glasses. "A toast to Roger and Little Bo!"

Then, he walked to Donna. "Then, this cunt came along. Flashing her pussy at everyone, trying to rule the world with her hot little snatch. It took a long time, but didn't I say it would all come crashing down around her?"

The group toasted him again.

"And Peter. The master. He got the photos of the cunt and me, and the photos of the cunt and Roger. Peter, how did you get the goods on that little shit Rod?"

Peter laughed. "It was the easiest thing of all." He turned to Donna and laughed. "Your boyfriend has been circulating pictures of you naked, sucking and fucking all over the internet. He thinks it's funny, a 32 year old cumface slut hooking up with a surfer dude. He practically begged me to take the pictures."

Donna wanted to throw up, stood perfectly still, listening to him take apart her life. She hung her head, stared at the floor.

"Donna. Donna," he repeated. She looked up at him. "Has it sank in yet that you're not getting the promotion?" The crowd broke into laughter, but Steve waved his hand. "No, no, listen." He turned back to her. "Donna. You aren't going to lose your job over this. Or your position. You might lose your marriage, but that's a different kind of problem." She bit her lip but remained silent. 

"No, we don't judge. How could we, right? Look at Roger. And Colleen. And David. No, we're one big happy kinky family here. And now that we've opened up all of these new horizons to you, you're free to choose which one you want to stick with. If any. You can be Don the ladies' man. Or Don the gloryhole cocksucker. Or Donna the ass slut. Or you can go back to your old life as Donna of the Golden Snatch and we will destroy you."

Steve stepped to Roger and stroked his wig. "Roger had the same choice two years ago. I think he made the right. He's still here. I made my choice, too."

Donna looked at him, the question obvious on her face. "I went through my initiation. Cross dressing. Spankings. Lots of other things. I decided I didn't want any of it but I was willing to take a leadership role in the group. That counted for a lot. And, I got to orchestrate your game as a perk." He stepped closer to Peter. "This guy's brilliant and a lot of fun to work with."

Donna stared at Steve, then at Peter, then at Roger.

"So what now?"

"Well, we all have to know where you stand. We think we know where Roger stands, unless he has changed his mind recently. You should know that what Little Bo Peep told you is essentially true. Roger's ass is a virgin ass. Bo Peep has never been touched." Peter and Steve stepped away from Roger and Donna. "Now, we just have to know where you stand."

The crowd stepped back and opened a small circle in the middle of the room. Donna approached Roger slowly, her cock swinging between her legs. She raised her right hand and pushed Roger's hair back off of his face. She kissed him gently, her hand sliding along Roger's chest, seeking the sensitive nipple. She saw that his breasts had grown, Steve had probably given him hormones as well. She teased both of his nipples erect, kissing him gently, sucking his tongue and licking his lips. Roger was moaning, legs parted, hands slowly caressing Donna's ass.

"Please fuck me," Roger whispered in a trembling voice. He leaned forward, bent at the waist, his hands on the small coffee table, supporting his weight.

Donna walked around behind Roger. She gently raised Bo Peep's skirt and slid her panties down over her ass. Then, she took her cock in her hand and spit on it, whispering to Roger, "just relax, it will only hurt for a minute."

THE END



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JustALittleRougher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





