BDSM Library - Casual Acquaintances




Casual Acquaintances
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Chrissie's continuing adventures in submission, pain and humiliation.






Casual Acquaintances
by Christiana Lecker

* * * Part One * * *

The shop is stylishly furnished, the exact opposite of what you would expect in a sexshop in a dark, shabby side street. Behind dutifully covered up display windows opens a sparkling world of colourfull latex and rubber, leather in all shades and shapes, glistening stainless steel and wonderfully skimpy cloth rags. My eyes almost pop out of their sockets as I stumble inside for the first time.

In contrast to the winter cold that reigns outside, the air of the shop feels boiling hot and I wish I could shed some clothing items. I look myself up and down, over that thin, girlish, light pink mini dress that barely covers my butt and becomes almost transparent in the right lighting, and I feel naked. The bow is still in my handbag, the one my Mistress had tied around the packet with the dress, next to the letter with the short but precise instructions - not more than the time, the address and the short sentese "Wear this, nothing else, go to the personell and ask for lesbian bondage magazines."

My stomach rolls into a knot as I recall those instructions, but I have promised to follow them unconditionally so I resist the urge to turn on my heels and flee back into the anonymity of the dark side street. I stalk slowly over to the counter while trying to keep images of greasy sales clerks und lusty looks out of my mind, then around a clothes rack full of see-through underwear and come to halt somewhat surprised and insecure.

The girl who sits there, I consciously call her girl because she can't be much older than eightteen, looks like she has sprung from one of my wet fantasies. She reclines her juvenile body in a futuristic chair made from black leather and chrome and smiles at me from a delicate face framed by strawberry blond shiny curls. The high cheekbones give her a slight exotic touch, and she owns a lithe, trained body as the finely carved lower leg clearly shows that peeks out from the tight red leather dress and, glowing like silk in the warm light, rests casually on the table before her. I stare at her and swallow.

She doesn't seem to mind my stare, or if she does, she is conceiling it with masterful skill, and she raises with cat-like elegance and walks around the counter to me.

"Can I help you?" Her look from the big green eyes is self assured, and allthough she's a good few inches smaller than me I have the feeling of having to look up at her.

I want to sink into the ground as I recall my task, and I stall, while a deep blush runs over my cheeks und she looks at me patiently. I'm probably not the only one, I realise, who gets nervous in a sex shop. "I," my voice is barely more than a hoarse whisper and I clear my throat, "I'm looking for - I - I'd like -"

I feel like being quizzed at school for the first time again, her eyebrows lift slightly, questioningly, and my nervousness hightens again. "I'm looking for lesbian bondage magazines" I manage to say quickly and take a big, relieved breath.

Her lips, enhanced by the light red lipstick, sparkle as the tip of her tongue runs over them, quick and unconsciously, but my eyes become glued to them. I'm entranced by her sweet, beautiful face and almost miss that she is talking to me.

"...not catch you," she tells me with an apologetic smile, "could you repeat it a bit slower?"

My stomach spins for a moment and I have the feeling of falling into empty space, like in an elevator that starts to move down. Her eyes look at me inquiringly, and I feel stark naked in front of her. I gather all my courage together, becoming worried that my Mistress might enter any moment and notice that I haven't fullfilled my appointed task yet, and I say slowly and with downcast eyes: "I am looking for lesbian bondage magazines."

My glance meets hers for a short moment, and she looks highly amused. She did understand me quite well the first time, I realise, and a short, surreal bout of dizziness washes over me, heat rushes through my body - and transforms into a strange, tense excitement.

"Those are over there in the shelf," she points at a magazine rack at the other side of the showroom, "come on, I'll show you."

My legs stumble beside her to the shelves, and with delay I notice that her hand is resting on my butt cheek and pushes a bit to guide me in the right direction. My first reflex is to side-step and avoid the intimacy by this stranger, but I'm spellbound and compliantly adapt my pace to the pressure on my backside. We are at the rack, and her finger trails over the rows of glossy magazines with all that beauty and obscenities on their cover pages, the she points at the lowest shelve with a smile. "Look, there they are."

I glance at her, then at the shelf with the magazines, then back at her. Her challenging look makes it clear to me that she doesn't think of leaving me here alone, and I have to do something unless I want to stand here and look silly.

The lowest shelf is just an inch or two above the ground, so I have to bend down far to reach it. I bend over and pray that my skimpy dress doesn't get a mind of its own and divulge the nudity hidden beneath it. My hand slowly extends towards one of the magazines and pulls it out, but at that moment I feel her hand on my butt once more, feel it brush downwards and have to suppress a shiver. Then my eyes open wide and my body becomes stiff in alarm.

Her fingers have lifted the hem of my mini dress, cool air brushes over my exposed butt cheeks and my plum, which is obscenely visible between my thighs due to my stopped posture. Her fingers roam over my naked skin, brush over my nether lips and I gasp. Like through a curtain I hear her voice. "Tsk tsk, what do we have here? Such a depraved little thing, running around in public without underwear."

I press my eyes shut and wish to die, to be hit by lightning right here and now, but at the same time the situation has something so erotic, so wickedly lustful, I feel depraved and dirty and sensous. Her hand rubs up and down over my public, a finger presses on my slit and slowly parts my labia, and I breath faster. Lord, what is the girl doing to me? My hips start to sway in sync with her touch, my head shows me exciting pictures of the sweet thing so lewdly playing with my snatch, but suddenly I remember where I am and that someone else could enter the shop any moment.

My heart does a jump, and I want to stand up, but a firm hand pushes at my back, holding it where it is. "No no, stay as you are, sweetheart," her voice is like honey and leaves me with no room for discussion, "my god, you are sooo wet down there. Such a horny little minx."

She keeps on fondling my snatch, spreads my cunt juice everywhere on my nether lips, while her other hand shoves the dress up my back and over my head. The magazine drops from my hand and smacks to the floor, the dress following it, and the hand grips my breast and starts to squeeze and caress it.

She squeezes harder, and I hoarsely moan my lust to her. Just then I hear a second voice. Panic grips me, I must have missed the entrance door opening. "Such a sweet pussy," the new voice whispers, "and so wet. Is she your girlfriend?" Oh god, I want to die even more now, I want to disappear into thin air, anything, but I want away from here fast.

My eyes stare straight ahead at the magazines while my mind frenetically tries to come up with a way out.

"No, or at least not yet. But I like the little slut, even if I tend to prefer them a bit younger." I can hear the grin on the girl's face and I'm certain that I must be blushing all over my body. My cheeks feel taut and my heart beats like mad.

To more hands join the others, roam inquiringly over my back, grope my butt cheeks, squeeze my tits and explore my stomach, and I feel like piece of cattle at an auction - like an excited piece of cattle in heat though, as my body betrays me and reacts with lustful electric shocks to each foreign touch.

The hands grip my shoulders, straighten me upright und I gasp for air. "Mistress!"

Standing before me with a smug grin, her eyes roam over my pussy lips, red and puffy from excitement, and my nipples which are stiffly pointing away from my body. Her long black leather coat glistenes in the light and, together with her dark hair that is pinned up in a tight bun, makes her look like a dark queen right out of a fantasy movie, and the black riding boots with their incredibly thin heels even underline that image and make me almost drool. Her index finger trails over my cheek, scraping a tiny red line into my skin, then brushes my lips and stays there for a second. A short wink from the corner of her eye tells me that this is no involuntary gesture and that I have to stay quiet. I nod imperceptably and my heart beats like a jungle drum.

The girl raises an eyebrow. "Mistress? You know each other?"

I bite my lower lip and my eyes become big.

"We have met once or twice, a cashual acquaintance." My Mistress' eyes laugh at me, and I stair back at her self consciously, I ask myself what she has planned.

The girl clears her throat. "Do you want to stick a claim on her?"

My Mistress snorts in an amused way and twirls one of my nipples hard between her finger, while I stand before them petrified, fearful and with a dripping snatch. "I only want to stay here, I'm curious what the randy little thing lets you do with her."

Shudders run over my back, I have seen this look on her face before. She has got some devious plans for me, plans that will be both painful and humiliating for me.

The girl has gripped my other nipple and squeezes it hard. My eyes twitch as a sharp pain runs through my tit, and she grins at me. "By the way, what's your name, little slut?"

I blush again as my lips start to open, it feels like stripping naked in front of her all over as I shed the last bit of anonymity. "Christiana, I'm Christiana."

The pain in the other nipple grows stronger as my Mistress sinks her long finger nails into it, and I groan loudly before I realize her intention. "Christiana Lecker," I add quickly, "my name is Christiana Lecker."

Both grin at me now while my naked body is shown off before them in the bright halogen light, my burning nipples trapped between their cruel fingers, my face bright red and with a bashful expression, their willing play thing for today. My Mistress has promised me an unforgettable evening, but I'd never have imagined something like this, not in my wildest dreams. It's so intense, so humiliating, so - exciting. My pussy pulsates with horniness, and I know that I will neither be allowed nor able to say 'no' today, no matter what the two of them will do to me.

One of my Mistress' fingers delves into my slit, plays with the entry to my hole and makes me breath hard. "Can we do everything we want to you?" She asks with a self-assured voice, her finger enters me up to the first knuckle, and quick as a shot I moan "Yes, Mistress!"

While my Mistress shoves her finger deeper into me, the girl has stepped behind me, and she wraps her arms around me, her finger nails capture my pussy lips and pull them apart. "Even if it hurts?" She whispers into my ear, and I shiver from lust.

"Yeeees," I groan, and then I almost shriek out loud as her nails dig deep into my sensitive cunt lips.

"That's no way to address a superior!" She barks at me, and it feels as if my pussy is torn apart, I whimper and feel her lips trail over my neck. "You will address me as 'Madame', understood?"

My legs begin to tremble and I groan "Yes, Madame" and try not to cry out. Then, thankfully, the pain gradually lessens and I take some deep breaths.

"Good, you seem to be able to learn. We're going to have a lot of fun tonight..." Her voice trails off, and her lips glide over my neck once more, her tongue kisses and licks my skin, and my Mistress' finger slides all the way inside me. I'm so close to a climax, in the middle of an open shop, and I close my eyes and moan...

* * * Ende of Part One * * *









Casual Acquaintances
by Christiana Lecker

* * * Part 2 * * *

I can't say how long the two have toyed with me, to me it feels like hours, but it probably were only minutes. Time and time again the both of them brought me close to a climax, time and time again my Mistress fucked me with her finger and Madame caressed my nipples and pussy lips, only to stop and leave me wiggling and begging, until I was nothing more than a trembling wreck with no other thought left than the desperate wish to cum.

Now I lumber awkwardly behind them while they explore the shop, my pussy pulls and pumps like mad and I have to hold my hands so they don't get a mind of their own. My thighs are smeared with my juices and my nipples stand out like daggers. They come to a halt in front of a shelf with rubber toys and whisper too quiet so I, in my befuddled state, can't understand a word. Madame reaches into a compartment and pulls out a pair of short red rubber hoses which she shows to my Mistress. I wonder what they could be good for, and guessing from her facial expression, it's no different with my Mistress. Madame explains something, and they both grin at me, which makes me nervous.

"Do you think the size fits?" my Mistress asks, and Madame answers her with a nod.

"Maybe a little tight, this ones are B, but a C would be too lose." She swings the rubber item around, its roughly two and a half inches long and has the diameter of my lower arm. "Hold still," she orders me and I press my arms to my sides, "and close your eyes."

I close my eyes and feel her touching my breasts, then a strange, smooth feeling encasing one of my breasts. Then her fingers vanish, and the smooth feeling gets stronger, constricts my breast. frightened, I open my eyes, but before I notice anything I hear a smacking sound and my breast is in flames. I whimper and close my eyes.

"Silly thing," I hear the biting voice of my Mistress, "not even able to follow a simple command."

My breast pulsates and and feels like it is squeezed through a narrow tube. I start. Tube... hose! I realize what the rubber things are good for, and already the other one closes around my other breast and constricts it. Hands turn me around and push a few steps forward.

"Open your eyes again," my Mistress orders me, "and look at yourself in the mirror."

I do as told and my breath catches in my throat at that sight. The rubber hoses encircle the bases of my breasts like a second skin, squeeze them together so that they are reduced to half their normal thickness, but elongated and pushing out nearly horizontally, while at the front a taut, fist size ball is formed. It looks alien, but at the same time highly erotic. I stare at the picture and am fascinated. Madame giggles contently while my Mistress licks her lips and the skin on my tits get rosier.

We wander further through the shop, and the both of them giggle and gesture like excited young girls while they pull items from the shelves, examine them and put them back. My the tension in my breasts gets heavier, it feels as if the rubber is getting tighter and tighter. My Mistress pulls something small, metallic from a shelf. The corners of her mouth lift appreciatively, and it dawns to me that this doesn't bode well for me. The redhead whispers something in her ear, an explanation perhaps, and they laugh.

They begin to caress my breasts, pull at my nipples, and I twitch a bit because it feels so good, but just then my Mistress barks at me to stay motionless. "Close your eyes!" Orders the small redhead, and I close them obediently, while my tits are under current and thousand small lightnings run through my nipples. Suddenly, a sharp pain travels through them and my eyes shoot open. My nipples burn like hell and, shocked, I stare at them and have to gather all my concentration to not rip off the gruesome toys they have attached to me.

The metal items are nipple clamps, but not simple ones, but unspeakably insidious torture devices. They consist of a ring with bent jags, about two inches in diameter and with a hole in the middle. The jags point towards my breast and bury themselves deep in the taut skin. Through the holes in the rings they have pulled my nipples, until they reach two evil looking alligator clips which are fixed two inches above the rings, which push their teeth deep into the sensitive tips of my nipples and pull them out thin and long.

I grimace with pain and begin to tremble, and my eyes become moist. "Please..." I whimper and know instantly that this was a mistake, the enraged look on the girl's face tells it all. Her hand shoots out and smacks my pussy loudly, sends a gruesome pain through my lower body and makes tears run down my cheeks.

My Mistress watches us interestedly, and I want to throw myself at her feet and beg her to stop this, but then pride grips me. I pull myself together, feel a few loose tears trickle down my face and onto my tits and look at the girl submissively. "I am sorry, Madame, it won't happen again." Uttering those words costs me so much effort, because I know they will only bring on more pain, but at the same time they please my Mistress and promises me unbelievable earth-shaking orgasms in her arms.

The readhead glares at me. "You softie, I would have thought that a slut in heat like you wouldn't start crying at the first little bit of discomfort." She starts walking around me in a circle, furious. "I don't know if I should even bother with you any further. Maybe I should push you back out into the street like you are."

Panic grips me, a look at the face of the girl confirms that she would certainly throw me out naked as I am without even giving it a second thought. I bite down on my lower lip, when she suddenly grabs my arm roughly and pulls me all through the room. I stumble along awkwardly in my high heels and try not to fall over while my Mistress follows us with measured steps, when I'm suddenly thrown around and loose my balance.

Thanks to god I fall for a few inches before my back hits a hard surface, and I'm so relieved that I can ignore the hard edge that cuts into my thighs.

"Sit down here," she commands me, "and put your arms and legs in the stirrups."

I take a look where I've landed and can't suppress a fresh shiver. I sit on the edge of a chair that looks like that at the gynecologist, with chrome rods upon which are half round, leather padded support plates for the arm and leg joints. The legs are spread wide by them, and the arms are stretched backwards behind the head. Fearfully I lay down on the device and position my extremities. The girl fastens broad leather straps over my joints and pulls them taut. Only seconds later I'm helplessly bound to the chair, my legs spread obscenely and my tits, whose visible, ball-shaped part already has a dark red color and glistens in the light, pushed out further.

Only now, that my Mistress strokes my tummy in a soothing way, I notice that I have started to hyperventilate.

"Psst sweetheart," she whispers so that the girl can't hear her, "I'm here with you. Be brave for me, then you will get a reward."

A warm, wonderful feeling fills my chest, and I smile at her and nod proudly. The girl may hurt me, but I will endure everything, not for her but for my Mistress.

One of the girl's fingers begins to stroke me between the legs while she steps to my side and looks deeply into my eyes. "You seem to all better all of a sudden, if you can already laugh again," she explains in a voice dripping with sarcasm, "let's see what you think about this." She rubs harder, strokes between my pussy lips, finds my clit and presses and rubs it hard. I shudder and open my eyes wide into which she still stares, and raise my hips to meet her hand.

Suddenly the biting, pulsating pain in my nipples vanishes, she has taken off the clamps, and for a moment a smile flickers over my lips, but then the blood rushes back into my tortured nipples. It feels as if a knife was running through it. I bite my teeth together to avoid crying out loud. Oh god, that hurts so bad! Fresh tears run down my cheeks, and I pull futilely at my bonds.

The girl grins. "Oh, does this hurt our poor slutty?" Her eyes mock me, and I feel so incredibly helpless, I could weep. Right then she lowers her head and captures one of my nipples with her lips, then begins to rub her tongue over it. It only takes a second for me to forget about the pain, and every time her tongue touches my nipple, fresh waves of blissful shivers run over my skin.

I tighten my body and try to meet her touch, moan quietly, but already she stops her ministrations and vanishes from my line of sight. I hear something rustling, a zipper opening or closing, then some more rustling. My Mistress again strokes my tummy and bends down to me. "Not long anymore, my heart."

The girl approaches again, steps around the chair and stands between my legs. She has taken off the skirt and I can see a red rubber monster emerge between her legs, a strap on dildo. Almost three inches wide and twelve long, from which studs extend about a third inch long and equally in diameter, placed along the shaft in a spiral pattern. My eyes widen and I stare at the dildo, then at the girl. She smirks at me.

"It shouldn't be hard to guess where this one will go." She puts the tip at my pussy, a strange feeling as if finger tips were pressing against my cunt lips. I can't believe she want's to stick that thing into my hole and begin to tremble. "But just so I doesn't get too easy, and so you don't cum too quickly, we're going to play a little game."

I look at her fearfully and try to listen attentively.

"I have brought another small toy." She raises her hand and I can see something that looks like a miniature whip, a five inch long handle with a flat leather strip of about the same length. One corner of her mouth lifts upwards. "This here, little miss drippy snatch, looks more harmless than it really is. Every time you make a noise you will get one on your tits with this baby. Believe me, it doesn't feel good." I look at my taut and meanwhile almost violet glistening tits and shudder. "When you get one with this, you're going to thank me, like a well-behaved girl does, understood?"

I node and add, even though it pains me to address this cruel young girl that way, with a quiet voice, "yes, Madame."

I hear a loud smack, a lightning bolt of blinding pain shoots through my tit and I gasp for air.

"What did you say?" She glares at me provokingly and raises the hand holding the tit-whip again.

"Yes, Madame!" I shout this time, while the pain in my breast only slowly ebbs away.

Without replying she pulls my pussy lips far apart with her fingers and looks deep into my eyes, then I feel the pressure on my pussy increase. I want to shout 'Stop!' and run away, but instead I bite my lower lip and try to breath evenly.

Without mercy she increases the pressure, and suddenly my pussy widens and very slowly the dildo enters my insides. The studs press against the wall of my cunt, slow down the movement and pull at the sensitive skin. It hurt a bit, but not too bad, nothing in comparison to what she did before. I breath easier and watch fascinatedly as the thing sinks deeper and deeper into me. My pussy adjusts to the stretching and it feels good to be filled so completely.

The girl pulls out the dildo equally slowly, and now that the studs are wet with my juice they glide more softly. I have to give everything to suppress an excited moan. Her hands stroke my spread thighs, and I want to shout 'Take me, push it into me!' but instead I only look deeply and lustfully into her eyes. She nods at me, and I feel my Mistress behind me grabbing my hands with hers.

With a lurch the girl pushes her hips forward and sinks the dildo with a single hard movement all the way inside my pussy. For a moment I have the feeling that I am pulled apart, then a wave of lust washes trough my pussy and I moan. Smack. The leather strip cracks at my tit, and I let out a short painful cry. Smack. I remember. "Thank you, Madam, thank you!" I shout the words quickly, and she pulls out the dildo again, waits a bit, then shoves it back in all the way again. Once more I can't control myself, cry out, and she paints another fiery line over my tits. "Thank you, Madame!"

It goes on that way, she pushes in, I moan, she hits my tits, I thank her less and less intelligibly, and even though my cunt pulsates and pulls and my tits burn like fire I get hornier and hornier. Lust waves wash everywhere through my body and I mumble meaningless things while she pulls and pushes the dildo like mad and covers my swollen breasts with welts. I writh about on the chair like crazy, panting, shaken by the lust waves, and every time the strap hits my tits lightning bolts shoot through me. I have lost the feeling for time and space, I'm nothing else anymore but a hungry, stretched, dripping wet cunt and a pair of glowing hot tits.

The girl breathes fast and loud, she shouts "cum, you little slut, cum!" and the voice of my Mistress whispers into my ear "cum for me, my sweetheart."

I let myself fall, give myself over to the feelings in my body, and it is as if I was blown into tiny molecules. Heat waves rush through me, followed by an indescribable happiness, the whooshing in my ears drowns out every other sound and lightning flashes before my eyes. My body rears up, only my legs and arms touching the chair, and I shout my climax to the world, again and again, everything trembles and flashes and is so incredibly intense.

Slowly I come back to earth, I'm soaked with sweat and I'm dizzy, but a wide smile is painted over my face and, try as I might, I couldn't banish it. They have unfastened my bonds, my legs dangle over the edge of the chair and my arms rest beside my body. Right now the pull the rubber hoses off my tits, and it feels wonderful as the blood is allowed to circulate again. I blink a few times and recognize the face of my Mistress. She's smiling. "You were brave, my little one."

To my other side I can see the girl, and she is also smiling. She strokes my cheek softly. "That you were, indeed. Well done!"

I look at her somewhat surprised, she doesn't look the tiniest bit like the cruel girl who so enjoyed dishing out pain to me tonight. She smirks. "I may sometimes be a bit hard, but I'm no monster. Don't look at me like that."

I gulp a few times, look back and forth between the two, then it finally dawns to me. "You know each other, that has all been planned like this beforehand?"

My Mistress giggles. "One could say we are..."

"...casual acquaintances." The redhead finishes her sentence, and all three of us laugh out loud. My Mistress kiss my lips tenderly, and I feel better and more satisfied than I have in a very long time. 

* * * The End * * *









Casual Acquaintances
by Christiana Lecker

* * * Part 3 * * *

I'm standing in front of the mirror and feeling rather ridiculous, wearing nothing but a skin tight, dark red pair of cycling shorts, a t-shirt in the same colour at least as tight, and girlish pink trainers with silver bows. My eyes critically roam up and down my mirror image, take in how noticeable my labia and nipples stand out through the thin fabric, and I'm feeling less and less secure. I take up the slip of paper once more and sigh, my mistress knew why she underlined the words "nothing else" twice.

My eyes search for the wall clock. Five minutes still - unless she wants to have me wait longer, it's her right as my mistress, and sometimes she does just that, knowing that while I'm waiting for her all kinds of erotic fantasies run through my head, exciting me, mixed with fearful imaginations of painful punishments. The muted clanging of keys can be heard through the closed front door, and I drop to my knees, spread my legs apart as far as I can, arch my back to make my breasts jut out more and look at the floor. "Welcome home, Mistress!"

She comes closer, and I have to fight to keep my eyes down, because I can barely hear her steps. Normally, the clacking of her heels tells me exactly where she is at any given moment, but not today. A strange feeling runs through my stomach while she slowly circles me.

"You've gained weight." A cold, clinical assessment that hits me completely unprepared. My head twitches in the direction of her voice.

"Eyes to the floor!" Suddenly, fingers roughly grab the hints of puppy fat on my hips, and I pull in the air with a hiss while the fingers press harder and harder.

"Is that how you thank me for taking you in and keeping you, by being lazy when I'm away and stuffing sweets into your no-good mouth instead of keeping your body - my property - nice and fit?"

I feel the blood rushing into my cheeks and my eyes grow moist. "But Mistress..."

It's all I manage to say before her hand lands in my face with a loud smack and leaves a burning mark on my cheek. I whimper.

"I did not allow you to speak!" She hisses at me, and I close my eyes for a moment. Something rustles behind me, and then I feel her breasts press into my back and fingers closing around my throat. My heart starts to beat like mad, it's such a simple touch, but she couldn't express our roles more explicitly.

"You've got big luck," she whispers into my ear, while her other hand roams between my legs and adept fingers caress my nether lips through the fabric, "I should punish you, but instead I have decided to give your fitness a leg up." Her fingers rub and pinch my labia even harder, and I can't stop my excited moans. "How do you like that?" she asks and nibbles on my ear lobe.

I moan louder and mumble "thank you, Mistress" and my hips move rhythmically to meet her fingers. Suddenly she stands up, slightly pulling me backwards, and I loose my balance and find myself lying on the floor like a helpless turtle, looking up to her with a startled expression. The corners of her mouth twitch upwards, she raises a leg and presses down on my right nipple with the tip of her foot. She looks deeply into my eyes and rotates her foot.

"We are going to spend some time out in the fresh ear today, my little klutz," she tells me brightly, "I'm sure you will love it. So get up, don't hang around so lazily all the time, hurry out into the car and get onto the passenger seat!" Relieved, I jump up and say dutifully "yes, Mistress" and am quickly on my way outside towards the car, yet I'm too slow and can still hear her instruction: "Take off your shorts before you sit down!"

Arriving at the car, a magnificent, obscenely expensive black cabrio, I look at the passenger seat with a frown. The seating is covered with a black, shiny coating of black rubber that has two rounded bumps in the middle, each roughly two inches high and equally as wide. While I climb into the car I stealthily look around to see if there is anybody watching me, but to my relief the street is deserted. Quickly, and with dark red cheeks, I push down the shorts and seat myself in the car, pull in my legs, close the door and gasp. I stare at the seat with wide eyes, where the two knobs that now push directly at my pussy and anus have started to vibrate.

It seems like ages until my Mistress finally arrives too, long minutes in which it gets exceedingly harder to restrain myself. The vibrating balls massage my pussy, tickle my bum hole, get me more and more excited, and I feel my snatch growing wetter each second. I breath deeper and pray that no neighbour gets the idea to go down the the walkway right now. I moan quietly as my mistress opens the door on the driver's side and throws a scrutinizing glance between my legs.

She lick her lips and grins at me while she enters the car. "Very nice, you will have lots of fun while we drive."

The door snaps shut and the motor roars to life, then I'm pressed into the seat and the vibrations on my lust centers increase. "By the way," her voice gloats over the driving noise, "you'll be sorry if you cum while we are driving!"

The drive lasts quite long, a lot longer than I expected. At first I am content to sit on the passenger seat with a dreamy expression, enjoying the stimulation. She forbids me to close my eyes, and the stronger my excitement grows, the harder it becomes to follow this instruction. I start to sweat, my legs tremble, my slick juice poors from my pussy in streams and fills the interior of the car with the smell of my horniness. I'm constantly moaning now, and it takes all of my power to keep my body in check.

We suddenly come to a stop, but the hope we might have arrived at our destination instantly goes&nbsp; out the window as I see a red traffic light next to us. We're on the left track, and to our right another car stops. The driver, a respectable looking woman around forty, looks at us. Her eyes meet mine and I look down at the floor feeling caught. I don't want to see what she thinks about my sweaty appearance, my reddened cheeks and my glassy eyes.

"Smile at her!" My mistress barks at me, and I gulp, my hands beginning to tremble. I look at her again and curl my lips to form what I hope to be a convincing smile. One of mistress' determined fingers finds my clit, applies light pressure on it and, involuntarily, I arch my back and moan. The stranger's eyes widen, and the shame pumps fresh blood into my cheeks - but my pussy, traitorous as ever, loves this humiliation, it shivers and spits out even more nectar. I hoarsely whisper "oh my god" and pray that the traffic lights turn green soon, but for now they are red and the finger starts to draw small circles on my clit.

I'm a defenceless victim of my own body, a body that reacts with boundless arousal to the situation, and my nipples, trying to press through the t-shirt's fabric like small spearheads, give away how horny I am. I moan louder and louder and stare at the woman with glassy eyes, and she looks back at me with a mix of shock and fascination written in her face.

"Pinch your nipples, pull them, show her how randy you are" whispers my mistress's voice, and without thinking my hands fly to my tits, gripping my pulsating nipples with their fingers and squeeze them, twirl them, pull them long. I pant as waves of shame and lust roll over me, I'm only fractions from cumming, I can feel the orgasm building.

"Stop!" My mistress orders me, and I'm once more pressed into my seat by the speed up and we're driving again. I gasp for breath and lower my hands to my thighs. My whole body is shivering and I have to concentrate with all my power to keep myself from climaxing.

"So it makes you horny to show off yourself in front of complete strangers, to let them see what a little slut you are." My mistress' voice is sober, which heightens the shame coursing through my body even more. "What are you?" She asks me, and it takes a moment until I can sort my thoughts enough to answer."

Two fingers quickly grab hold of one of my nipples and squeeze it painfully. I whimper and quickly shout my answer. "A slut, Mistress!"

The pressure increases, and her fingernails dig painfully into my erect nipple. "Whose little slut?"

"Yours, your little slut, Mistress!" I answer while I fight for breath and against the pain. It burns like fire.

The pain recedes a bit, but she doesn't completely let go of my teat, instead she starts to twirl it around and pulls on it. "You can do better than that. Try a little harder!"

"I - I'm your little cunt-craving slut, Mistress, who gets incredibly aroused by showing off and humiliating herself in front of women she doesn't know!" I manage to respond between little moans, and I squirm on the seat like a bitch in heat, pressing my pussy hard onto the vibrating rubber. With a jolt I become aware that it is too quiet around me, the we aren't moving any more, that cool air brushes over my naked, wet pussy, and I look to the driver's side with a startled expression. The window is open, and I recognize a young woman who is leaning on the door and looking at me with a sardonic grin.

It's the little red headed minx from the sex shop, and she has heard every single word of my shameful declaration. She lifts an eyebrow, and my mistress' finger once more presses down on my clit, rubs and pinches it.

"Come!" my mistress orders.

Her finger increases its pressure on my clit, and while my eyes widen in shock and my eyes travel to the redhead, who stares at me with unrestrained hunger, I ask my self for a short moment how she manages to wash away all my inhibitions with a few words. The redhead's eyes lock with mine, I can't look away, I feel frozen like a deer in the headlights, and I gasp. My mistress' fingernails pinch my clit and a giant wave of hot lust shoots through my pussy. I can not suppress a scream and start to pant, I cum like crazy, shaking and twitching all over from horniness, one minute, two, I can't say how long. Finally the orgasm lets me out of its grasp, and, my skin still tingling, I slump against the backrest and struggle for air.

"Sweet, she really obeys you to the letter," the redhead comments.

"Well, at least if it concerns that one thing," my mistress observes with a smug grin. I look at the floor, feeling ashamed, and become more and more conscious of my nudity.

The redhead sniggers. "Have you brought everything with you?" My mistress affirms we have, and the minx states: "You can't leave the car like that, though."

"Right..." my mistress regards me pensively, "Chrissie?"

My head snaps upwards. "Yes, Mistress?" I look at her questioningly, and she glanzes slightly impatient between my legs. I follow her eyes and have to think what she might intend me to do, then I become aware of my swollen pussy and my moist thighs. I lift my butt from the seat and look below, where the rubber knobs protrude like little islands from puddles of my lust juices. "Oh!" I remark quietly and wring my hands, then I ask cautiously: "What should I wipe it up with, Mistress?"

The little minx sniggers louder. "She's absolutely hilarious!"

As I look at my mistress, about to express my indignation with the redhead, she demonstrative sticks out her tongue and taps her finger to it, and I slowly gulp and nod. In slow motion I slide down on my knees in the foot space, my cheeks glowing from humiliation that is about to come. I bend forward and take a deep breath, then I begin to lap up my musky love nectar from the slick rubber. From the corners of my eyes I can see my mistress smiling and the redhead fondling her own tits. One of my mistress' hands strokes over my hair, and her voice whispers: "You love that, don't you, my little ever-horny slut girl?"

It isn't really a question, and I nod and lick and slurp with abandon, perform a play for them, I'm trying with all I have to be exactly that ever-horny little slut they want to see, and my pussy is once more all hot and moist.

* * * To be continued * * *









Casual Acquaintances
by Christiana Lecker

* * * Part 4 * * *

For a short moment I dare to hope the worst part of the trip might be over, but I soon find out that this was really was just wishful thinking. As soon as I've gotten off the car - still naked from the waist down and almost panicking in fear that strangers might see me like this - I'm being pulled through the back door into a black van by the redhead. I pretend to struggle a bit, but, truth to be told, I can't vanish into the safety of the windowless back of the vehicle fast enough. The little one is stronger than she seems. One of her hands has my wrist in a vice-like grip and pulls me forward, while the other has grabbed one of my butt cheeks and pushes, burying her nails deep in my soft skin. Before I have time to look around, I'm an all fours on the floor of the van, which, heaven be thanked, is cushioned. In front of me is a very low table-like construction built from metal and black plastic, which appears to be hard mounted to the van, and about two feet above I can see criss-crossing chrome tubing. The car hi-fi plays a dark electronic instrumental tune. Things look foreboding.

The redhead takes off my t-shirt, though she takes her time with it and brushes her fingers over every inch of my newly uncovered skin. "It's a wonder your nipples haven't pierced holes into your top yet!" I blush under the casual comment. "Now scuttle forward, slut, until your tits are over the table."

Being ordered around by someone so much younger than me is something I still haven't gotten accustomed to, and my skin feels like being wrapped in a tingling blanket. I move forward, a little awkward, and thread my upper body between the table and the tubing. Two handles are set into the floor behind it, about shoulder width apart, and as soon I recognize the leather cuffs attached to them I don't need an invitation to wrap my hands around them. A cool fingertip traces through my butt crack and circles my sphincter, and I shudder and moan quietly.

"You can hardly wait until we start, can't you?" The comment is dry. "If you knew..."

In the meantime, my Mistress has taken up residence on the passenger seat and is now watching us with a mix of interest and amusement. Her eyes regularly stray to my breasts which, dangling freely, appear much larger than if I was standing upright. I know she loves that sight, and I lightly wiggle my upper body for her. The short twitching in the corners of her eyes tells me that she has understood my gesture. She smiles and licks her lips.

Smack. I gasp as a painful hot spot appears on my butt. "Hold still, hussy, or we'll never get going."

The girl walks around the car to the side door, from where she fixates the cuffs around my wrists, then she threads additional straps through d-rings on each cuff and knots those to the handles. As hard as I try, I can't move my hands even a fracture of an inch. My Mistress smiles, and the redhead vanishes from my view again.

Well, I tell myself, spending the drive kneeling and naked should be a walk in the park compared to the exciting drive here, bound hands or not. I should have known better. New leather straps wrap around my thighs just above my knees, then my legs are pushed apart until I can no longer suppress a shriek because it hurts so much. I hear a loud clicking noise, and then my knees won't move at all. The minx has attached a spreader bar between them and pushed my thighs so far outward that my pussy almost touches the floor. The muscles in my hip begin to tremble, and I try to breath deep and slowly and will my body to relax, just barely avoiding a cramp.

"Comfortable?" The girl asks, and I only snort, exasperated, though that is a mistake. There are two loud smacks, and were it not for the binds holding my hands and keeping me in place, I'd have toppled over. Again she asks, this time with a hissing voice: "Comfortable?"

I lower my head and quietly tell her "yes, Madame!"

She accepts that with a satisfied giggle and softly strokes my pussy, which is stretched open so vulgarly right in front of her. "It's got to be comfortable, otherwise your little snatch here wouldn't be leaking in torrents. Perhaps we should put a bowl under it while we drive."

Her fingernails dance up and down my back softly, and I'm torn by her cynical description and the wonderful touches. I moan very quietly, arch my back and feel my pussy grow constantly moister.

"Do you think she'd like it," the girl asks my Mistress, "if we collected her cunt slime in bowl for a whole day and have her lick it all up?"

The image alone ignites a blazing fire between my legs, and I gasp. Loudly. My Mistress' grin is wide. "I'm really sure she would. Hmmm..." She tilts her head and spears my eyes with her gaze, I can almost hear the wheels turning in her head. "Though that is something that should be celebrated in front of a bigger audience."

My heart starts to beat like a drum. Bigger audience? Until now our games had almost always been limited to the two of us, with the exception of the redhead as a new occasional player.

"You already got someone specific in mind?" A rough note of excitement resonates in the redhead's voice.

"I'm not completely sure... perhaps there is someone."

"It should be someone who knows our little slut here, she'd appreciate it all the more then."

I start to feel light headed. Someone familiar? The though that one of my girl friends or colleagues might see me like that is almost unbearable, and I try to tell myself that those waves of heat shooting through my cunt aren't there at all. It would be so humiliating! "By no means!"

Before I even realize that I have expressed my protest out loud the redhead's flat hand rains down new blows on my already sore butt. "Did anyone allow you to talk?" She hisses at me while she pulls painfully on my hair, making my tip my head back and look directly into my Mistress' displeased face.

It takes me a few seconds to gather my thoughts and control the urge to sob, and only as I whimper "I'm so sorry Madame, please, I'm sorry" does she stop. My backside feels like it is a burning torch.

Through my slightly misty eyes I see my mistress nod, then I hear a metallic rustling behind me. Something snaps into place with a click, and suddenly my legs are pulled upwards, accompanied by renewed rustling. My body swings back and forth, and I let loose a startled shriek, which the redhead comments on with a dry "no self control, the slut!" The swinging slows down, and a glance behind my shoulder shows me that my legs are held a foot above the floor by a chain attached to the spreader bar. A good part of my weight now rests on my outstretched arms, and I pray that the drive won't last too long.

Satisfied with her work, she gives me a final slap on the butt and smiles as my body begins to swing again.

"Perfect." She grins, and my mistress first nods at her, then lifts a questioning eyebrow. Both stare at me in thought, and I blush.

Suddenly the corner of my mistress' mouth twitches, and she starts to rummage through something in front of her, hidden from my sight by the backrest. Triumphantly she holds up a black item with straps. I gulp audibly.

"We wouldn't want her to babble all the time while we drive, now would we, Chrissie," her gaze challenges me, "with all the problems with self control we know she has."

I mutter a submissive "of course, Mistress" and try not to stare at the mean looking gag. It has a tube in middle, a good two inches in diameter and equally as long, which is certainly supposed to go in mouth, and is sealed in the front with a plate bearing lots of small holes.

The minx once more comes to the front part of the loading space and smiles. One hand takes the gag, the other is put under my chin and draws the lines of slightly opened lips. Then she leans really close to me, and I can feel her hot, sweet breath against my cheek. It's getting so hard to suppress the moan rising in my throat. She sticks her thumb into my mouth and I begin to suckle, which she honours by nibbling on my ear lobe. I finally moan, and she giggles.

"Oh Lord, you are one horny little piggy! You'd probably cum if I only let you suckle my fingers long enough, wouldn't you? Or my toes, mmmmhhh," she smiles with a dreamy look, "I love that image, you kneeling nude in front of me and cleaning my dirty, sweaty feet with your tongue." After the gentle touches, her words feel like a slap in the face. My pussy twitches and my skin burns. She can read my eyes like a book and laughs loud. "You're incredible! Open wide!"

My mouth opens willingly for her, and I look up at her with wide eyes as she puts the gag between my lips. I have to stretch my jaw uncomfortably. My tongue gets enclosed by the tube, which is distinctly narrower on the inside, and when she fastens the the straps behind my back with a yank, I breath out sharply through the holes in the gag. My effort to tell her that the straps are cutting into my cheeks and hurting only produces an incomprehensible, half hissing, half gurgling noise, and to keep myself from slobbering through the gag I stop my protests.

I have enough time to get accustomed to my awkward situation while she leans into the passenger side and whispers to Mistress about something or other. The manner in which she has bound me is in fact rather mean. As soon as I bend my body a bit it is pulled back into its original position by the chain on the spreader bar. My arms are barely more than two rods that hold my body away from the table, and the gag thoroughly prevents any articulation. I have to control the speed of my breath and make sure to keep my head in the correct position to avoid drooling through it. Both women whisper on and fiddle with something I can't see, and over the music I can't hear a single noise from them. My shoulders are already getting stiff, and a queasy feeling settles in my stomach as I think about the upcoming drive.

Finally, after endless minutes, the girl comes back and caresses my cheek. "Were you a good girl, sweetie?"

I grunt through the gag because that is such a dumb question, and this amuses her. Her lips touch my forehead with a soft, warm breath, and I close my eyes for a short moment. And open them instantly, wide and questioning, as her fingers do something to my ears. She sticks something soft into both ear cups and the sounds become muted.

"We wouldn't want you getting bored." There it is again, that smile that doesn't bode well.

A soft swoosh fills my ears as she pushes the door shut and walks around the car. Then a clicking noise, and while the van starts to move and I stiffen my arms to avoid swaying like mad, I can hear my own voice.

"I - I'm your little cunt-craving slut, Mistress, who gets incredibly aroused by showing off and humiliating herself in front of women she doesn't even know!" It sounds so foreign, dirty and humiliating, but the words leave no doubt to me that it was me who said them. My Mistress looks at me over the backrest of her seat and laughs, and my pussy gushes. Now it is her voice that came from the ear plugs. "You love that, don't you, my little ever-horny slut girl?" And then the redhead's. "Do you think she'd like it if we collected her cunt slime in bowl for a whole day and have her lick it all up?" A short pause. "Oh Lord, you are one horny little piggy...I love that image, you kneeling nude in front of me and cleaning my dirty, sweaty feet with your tongue."

We turn into the main street and I sway to the side, which causes a heave pull in my shoulder. I can hear my own voice again, my declaration of horniness and shameless exhibitionism. They assembled the fragments into an endless tape, or whatever one calls that nowadays with that digital stuff. The front windows show me the trees rushing by, and I have to shut my eyes to avoid getting sick from the motion.

I sway from side to side, and after a few minutes my arms start to feel like lead, so I finally decide to rest my upper body on the small table - after all, the minx never forbade me to do so. For a short moment I let out a relieved breath as the weight on my arms vanishes and the swaying diminishes, but suddenly thousands of small painful needle prick my tits. Startled and breathing heavily I shoot back up, spittle running down my chin. I didn't see it in the semi darkness, but the table's surface isn't smooth. It must be made from something rough, like a spiked sanding paper. I try to relax my body a bit, but the voices from the earphones send me obscene images of myself. Do you think she'd like it if we collected her cunt slime in bowl for a whole day and have her lick it all up?" My pussy spasms.

I curse the redhead. How long will the drive last? The road gets more bumpy as we go, and my arms start to tremble. Time and time again they buckle a bit, but as soon as my nipples grind over the rough table surface I jerk upwards and grunt and drool through the gag. "...kneeling nude in front of me and cleaning my dirty, sweaty feet with your tongue..." Slowly my whole body starts to tremble and to hurt, but my depraved conscious distracts itself by concentrating on the words from the tape. Every sentence sends fresh horny waves pulsating through my cunt. My thighs feel soppy, as does my chin. I imagine what I must look like to my Mistress and the girl, and I get even more randy.

We must have turned into a gravel road at some point, because the swaying doesn't slow down any more, and every movement makes my nipples grind across the torturous table. It hurts worse now, like being electrocuted there, but in my state between horny bliss and total exhaustion my body has decided to accept it as something unbelievably exciting. I sweat and tremble and grunt and spittle while I imagine myself kneeling before the redhead, worshipping her feet with my tongue, or being watched by all my girl friends as I lap up my cunt juice. Coloured lights start to dance before my eyes, and I can't endure it any more, my arm bend, my tits slap on the table and my legs jerk around in futile attempts to rub against my pulsating pussy. Suddenly, through the haze, I sense that it is too quiet. As I open my eyes I see the redhead kneel on the driver's seat, watching me. While she looks deep into my eyes something thick and hard is shoved into my pussy. A shock wave of lust travels through me, and as a finger presses mercilessly into my pucker, another one. I cum like mad, wave after wave, as my Mistress fucks me with a dildo, I cum harder and harder, and I believe I'm flying. 

It takes an eternity full of wonderful bliss until the tremors subside, and I'm quite sure I must have passed out at one point.

My breath is still laboured and occasional twitches shake my body, while I register through a fog that my Mistress releases the chain and spreader bar so my feet settle back on the floor. The girl frees my hands and takes off the gag, and my Mistress pulls me back to her body and wraps her arms around me. That feels so good, so secure. I sigh contently, turn my head and kiss her full of love. Then I kiss the girl and think how different she takes. I giggle.

The redhead hands me a bottle of lemonade and winks at me. "You need to drink a lot," she tells me, "looks like you lost at least ten quarts of fluid."

Aghast I stare at the two puddles on the floor where my pussy and head had rested, and my face takes on a deep crimson hue. Then I start to chuckle, and after a second all three of us are laughing.

* * * To be continued * * *



Review This Story
 || Email Author:         ChrissieLecker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





