BDSM Library -  A Visit From Meister Hans




 A Visit From Meister Hans
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Meister Hans, a cruel bisexual sadist and former mentor of Mistress Lisa, visits the mansion to drop off two of Lisa's apprentices who had been training with him for a week. He also brings a present. After dinner, a new torture toy is demonstrated and one of Rick's fantasies is brought to life. As a reward for his entertainment and training services, Lisa lets Hans abuse her sub Elisa.






Synopsis: Meister Hans, a cruel bisexual sadist and former mentor of Mistress Lisa, visits the mansion to drop off two of Lisa's apprentices who had been training with him for a week. He also brings a present. After dinner, a new torture toy is demonstrated and one of Rick's fantasies is brought to life. As a reward for his entertainment and training services, Lisa lets Hans abuse her sub Elisa. Updated 2012-02-28.

----

A visit from Meister Hans. 

----
Chapter One
----

Lisa and Rick were going over some photo shoots for Extremetoyland.com's member galleries, discussing whether or not the site still needed seperate content for the photo and video sections. Lisa insisted the site should have photo galleries from sessions that they didn't have video footage of, as well as pure photo shoot sessions. Rick was wondering why they wouldn't just update "sessions" and post both photos and videos of the corresponding session on the same page. 

"It's better for the visitor," he insisted. "A more logical structure."

"I don't see why," Lisa replied, "It would be a shame not to be able to post a session just 'cause there's no video footage of it."

"But those pages don't HAVE to contain BOTH video and photos, it could be either/or, OR both." he said agitated.

"Oh alright, I'll think about it!" Lisa tried to end the discussion. "Did you see this already, by the way?" She turned her laptop so he could get a better view of what was on her screen. 

Rick leaned over and saw Sarah in a black latex catsuit, wearing heavy make-up and holding a purple whip in her hands. She stood with one foot on the floor, the other placed on the back of a hogtied and hooded girl laying in front of her. Lisa scrolled through some more images from the same shoot with the girls in various poses.

"Wow, those are nice! I'm so glad she turned 18, now we can publish them!" Rick exclaimed. "Where is she anyway? I haven't seen her for a while."

"Miss her already? She must be making an impression on you."

"Well she is a gorgeous young woman with a sadistic mind. YOU are the one who decided to tie me up, immobilize me, blindfold me and then let her play games with me without my knowledge. If she hadn't thanked me afterward for letting her play with my cock and balls, I would have never known it was not you."

Lisa laughed. "Still not over that one, are you? That was great fun. I'm not pushing her to do anything, you know. She decides what she does and when. I merely present her with some opportunities. Plus, so far it's all been pain games, no sex. But to answer your question: She went with Rachel to Hans in Munich. They stayed with him for a couple of days for their first real hands-on training. Hans is going to drop them off again tonight. He's going to spend the night, actually. We have a lot of catching up to do."

"Hans!?," Rick thought. "That sadistic fuck? What in the world was Lisa thinking, sending Sarah to train with him?"

Hans was in his fifties, openly bisexual and kept a bunch of young male slaves at his house. And there was always at least one female as well. He didn't call his dungeon "Folterkeller" ("Torturebasement") for nothing: Meister Hans practiced the most brutal pain and genital torture on his slaves. Some who saw his work wondered about the level of consent he operated in. Hans himself believed in implied consent, meaning that a slave submitting to a master or mistress automatically gave all consent away. That's why he also had no regard for safewords, something Lisa agreed on. 

Lisa viewed Hans as a mentor. She'd lived and trained with him for about three months when she was an exchange student at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich seven years ago. 

He had over 25 years of experience already then, and educated Lisa in human anatomy and ways to inflict extreme pain on erogenous zones. Nineteen at the time, she'd had experience with bondage, suspension, whipping and some play piercing. But he opened a whole new world of sadism to her, dabbling in electrical play, skewering, fire play, the use of scalpels and branding irons, not to mention extreme tit torture and cbt with saline and acid injections, fish hooks, nail hammering, wire threading, testicular and vaginal piercing, as well as urethal and cervical play. 

They'd kept in touch ever since and visited each other once a year. Not only as a social call, but also to enjoy the other's work, exchange ideas and play with slaves. 

Sarah was the first sadist that was sent Hans's way, previously Lisa had taken Rick, Lynn and Elisa to Munich, but they were all subs.

"Hans?!" Rick exclaimed. "You let that pervert take her under his wing?!"

Lisa chuckled. "Yes dear, I think it will be quite enlightening for her. I remember when I stayed with him for the first time, I thought of why no one had shown me those possibilities earlier. From what I've heard, she's a quick student, too. Hans is very satisfied with her progress."

Rick couldn't help but think back of some of the things he endured while at Hans's, but also remembered that Hans allowed him to realize some fantasies of his own. 

Hans tortured male slaves most of the time. Rick wasn't bisexual, he only had interest in playing with females. Nonetheless, he was subjected to perform sexual activities with males when Hans was involved. 

Sometimes as a trade-off, for example when Rick was allowed to anally abuse Nikki, Hans's female sub, by sticking short needles in and around her sphincter and then fucking her ass while Hans played with her tits and fucked her throat. Hans only agreed to this if he could do the same to Rick himself. In other instances it wasn't a trade-off, Rick was simply forced into bisexuality during a scene. 

"You know what?" Lisa interrupted his thoughts. "You better get ready for tonight. Sarah's going to demonstrate some of what she's learned-- on you!"

"What?! On me?" 

Rick couldn't believe it. He wanted to verbally object, but on the other hand the thought alone of Sarah working on him aroused him.

"Yeah, so you better shave," Lisa replied.&nbsp; "You look a little scruffy. The girls have rehearsed some entertainment for tonight, you don't want to disappoint them. Actually, from what I know, Sarah will be playing solo with you.

"Is Nikki also coming?" Rick wanted to know. 

"I don't know, Hans didn't mention her," Lisa said. "But I know he's bringing a girl in case Petra isn't able to perform."

"So when are they coming back?"

"I expect them to be here around 8. Just make sure you're ready by then. And can you please check and make sure the pantry next to the Atrium is clean and stocked?"

"Sure, I'll go do that right now so I can cross that off my list," Rick replied. He got up and left the office. 



----
Chapter Two
----

Hans pulled up on the long driveway to Lisa's mansion in his minivan. Another car, a sedan, drove not to far behind him. It was just past 7:30 in the evening and it was already getting dark outside. 

After about a minute, both cars came to a halt in the enclosed courtyard and several people exited. Two men exited from the minivan and opened the sliding door to let a woman out and to pick up several suitcases. Another man got out of the sedan and opened one of the back doors to let two women out. They also picked up luggage from the back of the car and joined the three from the minivan on the walkway to the mansion. 

The party had already announced their arrival at the gate to the estate and Lisa and Daphne were waiting on the doorstep to greet them. 

"Hans! How are you doing my dear?" Lisa started. 

"Lisa, Liebling! I'm doing wonderful, partly thanks to you! How about yourself?" he replied. 

"Good! Excited actually. I can't wait to hear about this past week. Did you have fun with my girls?"

Rachel and Sarah were smiling from ear to ear. The two girls rushed into the house with their suitcases. "They're the best," he insisted. "So eager to learn." 

"Come in quickly," Lisa interrupted him, "we can talk more inside. Dinner's almost ready. Who else did you bring?"

"Ah, these are Dieter and Tomas, and this lovely lady here is Angela." Hans nodded at all three of them to make a bow and shake the hand of their hostess. 

The guys carried two suitcases and Lisa was wondering why they took so much stuff for such a quick visit. When everyone was inside, she closed the door behind them. 

"You brought a lot of stuff... What's all this?" she asked Hans. 

"Ah, as a token of my appreciation for your two girls and your hospitality, I brought you a little gift. Let me show it to you after dinner."

"Hans... You shouldn't have! Is it something big?" Lisa wanted to know.

"It's something I designed," he replied. "I had two of them built; one for me and one for you. Do you have a girl available for me to use it on?"

"What kind of girl do you want? I have Lynn here, and Elisa, you remember them, right? Daphne won't be able to perform, unfortunately. But I also have one that you haven't met yet."

"Best be someone with large breasts who is not afraid of a lot of pain," he said. 

"Ah, Then you'll love Petra, she's one of the new girls. She's a true sadomasochist. She'll love you, I'm sure."

"Great! I can't wait to meet her," Hans said, "I will need to prepare her twenty minutes or so before the demonstration. I brought everything I need, but my pillory was too large to transport. Do you have one available?"

"Sure, I can get one set up in my Atrium," Lisa replied. "It's no problem. I'll take care of it while you guys unpack your things in the guest quarters. Daphne!"

Daphne, who stood further into the hallway, rushed to Lisa's side. "Yes, ma'am?"

"Get Lynn here so the two of you can take our guests' luggage to their rooms."

"That won't be necessary," Hans interrupted her, "my guys can do that. Can she take this suitcase to your atrium instead?"

"Fine," Lisa replied. Daphne took the suitcase from Hans and brought it to the atrium. 

"Is there anything else you need for your demonstration?"

"Yes, a simple white sheet would be great," Hans said, "I have the other things right here in my luggage. I just need to take your girl --Petra, was it?-- for a short preparation after dinner."

"Okay," Lisa replied. "Anything else you need, you just let me know. I'll get the pillory ready in the Atrium. Store your stuff in your rooms, dinner will be served in twenty minutes."


----
Chapter three
----

All preparations were finished in tonight's playroom. The Atrium was nicely lit with soft lights on the walls and bright lights in the middle of the ceiling. The room was one of the biggest in Lisa's old castle-like mansion. Its dimensions were easily 40 by 40 feet with a ceiling that was 20 feet high.

The whole room was decorated in a classic Roman style, with columns against the walls and several alcoves with stone benches. Coming in through the main entrance, two large wooden double doors, a visitor would see a large decorated stone throne was placed on a platform against the back wall, flanked by several busts and statues. 

There were three places of access to the space, two on the floor level and one higher up on one of the side walls, where there was a sizable stone balcony with a seating area. The decorated double doors were the main entrance from the main hallway, but there was another, smaller door that led to a smaller hallway connecting several rooms behind the Atrium. 

Lisa was seated on the balcony, flanked by her apprentice Miss Crazy J and her toy Lynn. Next to Lynn sat Rick, who was up for a session with young Mistress Sarah later. Also sitting on the balcony was Daphne, who was out of commission for a few weeks to heal from an intense torture session. To her left sat Angela, one of Hans's subs. 

They were sipping some after-dinner drinks and chatting in anticipation of tonight's double session: first a toy demonstration by Hans, Mistress Rachel and slave Petra; then a session with Mistress Sarah and Rick as her sub.

The double doors swung open and two girls entered the Atrium with Meister Hans in tow. Petra sported a much cleaner look now than she did when she first came to Lisa's mansion. The bright pink dye was gone from her hair, she turned out to be a natural blonde. Also gone were the barbells that Lisa had her take out of her nipples during her audition. 

Her slender, athletic body had toned some more thanks to many hours spent in Lisa's gym. The words "Hurt me" that were tattooed on her lower abdomen, were adorned with a recently branded floral pattern. Petra had this work done when she visited her old hometown a few weeks ago. 

When she walked in, led by Mistress Rachel, all attention immediately went to her magnificent tits. A stark contrast to her small waist and slender frame, Petra's tits were naturally large; but Meister Hans had just prepared her for today's session by binding her tits tightly around the base with long, thin wet leather strips. He used a blowdryer to dry and tighten the leather and had injected her boobs to nearly twice their size with a saline solution. 

Mistress Rachel, who looked stunning in black latex thigh-highs, a matching miniskirt and a cupless corset, had also taken a few senses away from her sub. In addition to a blindfold and ball-gag, her sub wore wireless in-ear headphones with loud rock music playing through them. Rachel led Petra to the middle of the room, where something big was covered with a cloth. 

Petra felt a mixture of the tightness of the bondage and a numbness from the saline. Other than that, her tits were just much heavier than usual. She was well aware of this, because Hans had told her to walk upright with her tits up and out. 

Hans now followed the girls to the right-hand side of the room, where he removed the cloth to reveal a structure resembling a pillory. It was mainly made out of wood and metal and stood on a small podium. There were holes for hands and a head, and even a separate addition that would secure the ankles of a person in a kneeling position. Below the holes for the head and hands was a wooden shelf. 

About two feet in front of the structure, there was a five-foot high wooden pole with a metal ring on top. A thick metal chain was threaded through the loop and it was hanging on both sides of the pole. Heavy brick-sized metal weights were laying on the floor, ready to be picked up and hung from the chain links at any time. 

While Rachel led Petra to the pillory and made her kneel in position, Hans explained the purpose of this demonstration. 

"Rachel here will demonstrate one of my new tit torture toys for you now," he said facing the balcony. "This is a custom built device that is definitely not for the weak. The demonstration will be short and to-the-point."

Rachel lifted the top part of the pillory, which was connected to the structure by a hinge, and placed Petra's head and wrists in their designated spots. She then closed the top again, trapping her sub's wrists and neck in tight, form-fitting holes lined with soft leather. She added a padlock for security. 

Petra's bulging tits now hung just above the wooden shelf in front of her torso. Rachel secured her sub's ankles in place with yet another wooden plank with strategically placed holes in it. 

When Petra was secured, Hans walked to the side and picked up a device from nearby that looked like a wide rectangular metal box with a turning knob handle on the top resembling an old-fashioned coffee grinder. He held it up to his audience by the handle at the top while he removed the front plate with his other hand and said: "it is my great pleasure to introduce to you: 'The Juicer'!"

When he slid the front plate away, it was revealed that the metal contraption was not really a box, it was a device made out of two metal plates at the top and bottom, connected in the middle by a cylindrical metal pipe with a turning knob handle at the top. Also on all 4 corners of the plates were metal pins running between the plates, keeping the plates exactly positioned above eachother. When the middle knob was turned, the plates were either moved closer together or further apart. 

But the plates were not simply flat surfaces. They were covered in rows and rows of evenly spaced hollow needles of various gauges. The ingenious part was, that the two plates were inverted: wherever there was a needle in the top plate, there was a hole in the exact same spot in the bottom plate and vice versa. This meant that the two plates could be crushed against eachother if there was nothing in between them. 

It would be a different story if there was actually something crushed between the plates: whatever it was, it would be squished by the pressure of the turning knob. First pressing all the hollow needles in, then pushing them further and forcing any fluid out through the hollow needles by the compression caused by the plates. Hence: 'The Juicer'. 

Rachel produced a thick white cloth from behind the pillory and draped it in front of Petra, securing it to the plank under her sub's tits and guiding it down to the floor. 

Hans extended the device to its maximum heigth and placed it on the shelf in front of Petra. Rachel then guided her sub's tits while Hans put the Juicer in place, with the adjuster bar between Petra's bound and inflated tits. He then stepped away from the pillory and let Rachel have her way with her toy and the torture device. Hans left the Atrium and made his way to the balcony to enjoy the show. 

Rachel walked around her restrained toy and inspected her from all sides. Back at Petra's front again, she said: "In a few moments I will demonstrate the Juicer to you. It's really a magnificent instrument that is aptly named. I had the pleasure of using it two times in the last week, and I thank Hans for teaching me how to use it. Before I show its effect to you, I will secure my toy's tits in place."

She picked up four short skewers and two medium-sized metal rings and walked up to Petra. She put three skewers down on the shelf supporting the Juicer. Without any hesitation, Rachel grabbed Petra's left nipple between her thumb and index finger and pulled it forward through one of the metal rings. With her right hand she pushed the skewer through the areola behind the nipple and in front of the ring. Within a minute, Petra's nipples were pierced with two skewers each, holding the rings in place. 

Rachel proceeded to thread a thin metal chain through the two metal rings around her toy's areolas and connected it to the heavy chain on the pole in front of Petra. The weight of the chain immediately put a lot of pull on the areola rings.&nbsp; It instantly stretched Petra's nipples forward. For good measure, Rachel hung two heavy weights from the chain. 

With her bulging tits pulled forward, Petra was completely restrained inside and against the pillory, with no option to pull back or move sideways.

"Watch closely," Rachel said, "like Hans said, this is just about the toy and its effect. I'm not going to play games, I'm not going to tease my sub, I'm simply going to to turn a handle here."

With those words, she stepped forward on the white cloth and started turning the handle. Slowly but surely the top plate started to move down, enclosing Petra's shiny, wet, bulging tits. 

After a minute or so, the longest needles from the top plate had reached Petra's skin and started poking against it. The skin, being stretched as it was, broke easily and the first couple of needles slid in.

Petra, who previously had no idea of what was going to happen to her, felt the stinging pain in her tits and produced a muffled scream into her oversized gag. 

This didn't stop Rachel from turning the handle. After a few more moments the bottom needles also started sliding into Petra's tits. A mixture of blood and saline solution dripped down from the Juicer and stained the white cloth. 

The plates were still about 6 inches apart and Rachel had some turning ahead of her. Soon the medium length needles would also start penetrating the slightly compressed skin, at which point considerably more fluid would run out. 

There were about twelve long hollow needles in each plate; two inches in length and quite thick at 8 gauge. Hans designed them to do only one thing: draw as much blood as possible. 

Rachel kept turning the handle at a steady pace, slowly pushing the needles in further while also compressing her slave's tits between the two metal plates. Blood was running out faster now, trickling down on the very stained cloth. 

The medium-sized needles were about an inch and a half long and 11 gauge. There were 10 of them on each plate and they were now slowly pushed into Petra's tormented tits. 

Petra's tits had gone from mostly swollen, heavy and numb to sensitive and "on fire" in a matter of moments. She had never experienced such intense pain before and was crying out, almost choking behind her ball gag at times. 

Blood was seriously dripping down from the torture device, sometimes building up on the edge of the plates and then running down in a stream. The previously white cloth was now mostly red and soaked in blood and saline solution. 

Totally disregarding her sub's pain, Rachel kept a slow but steady pace turning the handle and finally the 14 gauge short 1-inch needles pierced Petra's crushed titmeat. There were plenty of those as well: thirteen in each plate. 

It was getting harder and harder for Rachel to turn the handle. The closer the plates got, the more force was needed.

The plates were eventually only 2 inches away from each other, which meant that the longest needles had been pushed all the way through Petra's saline inflated tits; twelve top to bottom and another twelve vice versa. 

The color of her tits had changed from a dark purplish red to a glassy grey. The seventy needles had drained her bound mammaries of their color. Rachel stopped turning the handle and stepped to the side. 

Petra was a bloody mess from her tits down. The white cloth was totally drenched in the blood and saline that was squeezed from her mangled breasts. 

Lisa, who had been fascinated by the show, got up from her seat and stepped to the edge of the balcony. Her companions followed and they all applauded. 

Rachel looked up and smiled to her audience.

"Can I inspect it up close?" Lisa asked. 

Rachel turned to Hans, who nodded. "Of course!"

Lisa made her way down from the balcony through the hallway to the atrium and entered through the double doors. 

Rachel waited patiently until her mentrix arrived and stepped to the side.

Lisa put down a riding crop that she was carrying and ran her fingers over the top plate of the Juicer, which was covered in blood. Then she felt Petra's compressed tits between the plates. 

"Wow, that's pretty," she said. "I want to turn it a little more. Left or right?"

"Right," Rachel replied. 

Lisa grabbed the handle and tried to turn it some more. She found that it took quite some effort to move the plates even closer together, but managed to turn it far enough to get the tips of the longest needles through the opposite plates. 

Petra's loud screams were muffled by her gag while more blood and fluids dripped down on the soaked red cloth.

"Magnificent," Lisa exclaimed with a big smile on her face. She was already thinking about the possibilities of this toy. It would be a great turn-on to suspend a toy by her tits with it. But that would have to wait. 

"Now take it off," she said to Rachel. 

Rachel stepped in again and slowly started turning the device's handle the opposite way. This went much easier than compressing it. 

As the plates separated again, Petra howled into her gag. She had never felt as much pain in her tits as tonight, despite some brutal treatments by Lisa and her former master in Cologne. She was surprised that she had not passed out yet, as she had once before when the pain got too intense. This pain seemed worse than it had been then. 

It took quite a few turns of the handle to separate the plates again. The needles of the top plate slowly but surely slid out of Petra's tits, pulling her tits slightly up. But the needles in the bottom plate were so strongly embedded, that her tits remained pinned to the bottom plate when the top plate was removed.

Lisa was mesmerized by the blood pooling on Petra's mangled tits. She gazed at the dozens of puncture holes with delight. 

Rachel put the blood-covered top plate, needles up, down on the floor and walked over to the pole in front of her sub. She removed the heavy weights that pulled on the chain that was connected to Petra's areolas. Then she took the chain and walked back to her sub.

"I need your help," she said to Lisa. "Would you like to hold the plate down or yank her tits up by these chains?"

"I'll hold it down, you pull," Lisa replied. She squatted in front of the pillory and pressed the metal plate down on the wooden shelf. "Do it slowly, I want to see those pins slide out!"

Rachel positioned herself better to pull Petra's tits straight up by the chains that were connected to her areolas and slowly started pulling the chains up. 

Little by little, she lifted Petra's tits off the pins as Lisa held the plate down and Petra moaned into her gag. Blood seeped out of the puncture wounds as the needles slid out, pooling at the base of each bound tit before running down on the bottom plate and Lisa's hands. 

With the blood-covered plate now free, Lisa picked it up and placed it next to the top half of the device. Then she turned back around and ran her fingers over Petra's bleeding tits. 

"Can I take these out?" she asked while pointing at the skewers in Petra's areolas. 

"Yeah, I'm done with those," Rachel replied. 

Lisa took the skewers out one by one, dropping them to the floor. She also let the rings fall down. "Perfect," she said when she was done. "What's next?"

"Well, I'm done with the demonstration," Rachel replied, "Unless there's something you'd like to do, we can release her and clean up."

"Nah, not yet, dear," Lisa said. "Look at those tits, they are perfect. I want to play with them a little more."

Lisa leaned forward and grabbed both Petra's blood-covered tits at their base, where they were still bound tightly with the leather straps. She squeezed down hard, making Petra scream out into her gag as even more blood ran out of her wounds. 

Lisa did not let go, but instead started massaging the girl's soaked breasts, working her way up to her nipples. Then she let go. Lisa found an edge of the white sheet that was not soaked in blood yet and she wiped her hands on it before grabbing her studded riding crop that she put down when she came in.

"Just get her out of there and onto the sheet, on her knees."

Rachel followed her mentrix' orders and removed the locks on the pillory. She helped Petra out and onto the sheet. 

"Remove the other stuff too," Lisa added, pointing at Petra's head. 

Soon enough, the blindfold, gag and in-ear headphones were removed as well. 

Petra was kneeling on the sheet that was soaked in her blood and her eyes were adjusting to the light. She was caressing her breasts, cupping them and squeezing them a little. All her pretty makeup was ruined by her tears and the blindfold. She looked like a wild mess. 

"Good girl," Lisa cooed. "Cup your tits and hold them up for me to whip!"

Petra was a little hesitant but she pushed her tits up and out while pressing them together with her cupped hands. 

Lisa didn't waste any time and slammed her vicious riding crop down on the poor girl's chest. "Whack! Whack! Whack!"&nbsp; Little splatters of blood flew around, landing on Petra's face and coming down on her hands, arms and lower body. 

Petra screamed out as the crop hit her tits and the sharp metal studs bruised her bleeding and mangled skin. In a reflex, she crossed her arms across her chest, trying to protect herself. 

"Now be a dear and don't do that," Lisa said, "Or will I have to restrain you again?"

"No, ma'am, I'm sorry," Petra replied as she repositioned herself, cupping the underside of her breasts and pushing them together and out again for her mistress to whip. 

Lisa aimed for the nipples this time and smacked down hard, alternating between left and right. "Swish-Whack - Swish-Whack - Swish-Whack - Swish-Whack," the crop came down four times. 

Petra gritted her teeth as she took the pain, tears running down her face. Lisa smacked down a couple more times and then stopped. 

"There's no more time for play now -- people are waiting for Sarah's show -- but damn, this is one great toy!" Lisa exclaimed. Rachel smiled. 

"Get her out of here and clean her up, will you?" Lisa asked.

Rachel nodded.

"Join us on the balcony when you're done, there's some great stuff coming, I'll reserve a seat for you."

Lisa turned around and left the Atrium again, leaving Rachel and Petra behind. Rachel helped her sub up and the two slowly walked out through the double doors. It wouldn't take long before the show would continue on the other end of the room, where a spotlight now illuminated the large stone throne and its surroundings.


----
Chapter Four
----

Sarah walked into the Atrium with two male slaves on a leash and a riding crop in her hand. Wearing a wig with long black straight hair and heavy makeup on her face, she appeared much older and different than her usual self. She was partly dressed. Only sporting a ruby red cupless leather corset and thigh high black latex heeled boots, she towered over the two males who were crawling in front of her. They were completely naked, save for a leather strap around their scrotum to which a thin leather leash was attached. 

The men were shaved from their heads down and their shiny, muscular bodies were obviously oiled. They both kept the hair on their heads long and wore it in a ponytail, one black and the other blonde.

The men crawled towards the throne and knelt beside it on opposite sides. Sarah followed them and sat down on the throne, crossing her legs. She commanded them to kneel and keep their bodies up. They did as they were told and thrust their impressive chests forward. 

Hans looked over to Lisa, who was in awe of what she saw. "Was this her apprentice?" she thought to herself, watching the confident young woman stride towards the throne with two well-endowed men on a leash. 

"Not bad, eh?" Hans asked Lisa. "She's been practicing with Gunther and Mattias all week, but since they are recuperating from those training sessions, I took Tomas and Dieter here for tonight.

Sarah picked up a bell from the small table next to the throne and rang it. Within a few moments, the huge double doors opposite the throne opened and Elisa walked in. She was dressed in a latex French maid's outfit and walked up to Sarah.

"First bring me the items I requested, then bring my toy to me," Sarah commanded. 

"Yes, ma'am," Elisa responded. She bowed slightly, turned and went outside through the doors again. After a minute or so she returned, pushing a sizable bondage table on wheels into the room. She pushed it until it was about ten feet away from the throne and directly under a spotlight that hung from the ceiling. 

Elisa put the brakes on the wheels and tested the foot pump that made the table surface move up or down. It seemed to be working fine. There was an electrical unit built into the table and Elisa used an extension cord to plug it in. She switched it on, then off again. 

She let the table slide down to its lowest setting and then fetched a well-stocked trolley table, which she also brought into the Atrium, next to the bondage table. When she was done, she walked over to Sarah again and asked "are you ready for your toy, ma'am?"

"Yes, bring him!" Sarah replied "Bring him to me and let him kneel in front of my throne!"

Elisa rushed out of the room again, but it didn't take long before she brought Rick in and led him up to Sarah's throne. He was completely naked and held his head down, looking to the floor as he knelt. 

"Thank you, servant," Sarah addressed Elisa, "Leave now." Elisa exited the Atrium through the double doors and Sarah got up from her throne and walked up to Rick. 

"Slave,... I noticed you have been eyeing me since I came to this house. Not just today, but since the first time we met. I know my touch gets you aroused, hard, shooting your load even... It turns me on to know that I turn you on." Sarah ran the tip of her riding crop over his shoulders and down his chest. 

Rick wanted to protest, cause those times that she'd touched him, he never knew it was her. But he didn't say a word. His growing hard-on gave away his secret arousal.

"Now now, easy, boy!" Whaaack! Sarah smacked the crop down on Rick's semi-erect member. It didn't help him at all, it only made his cock rise up even more.

Sarah continued: "I want to know what you'd be willing to endure for me. I've seen you take a lot for Lisa and I wonder how far I can take you myself.... I've learned a lot of new tricks this week..." She slowly kept circling around him. 

"But,... I want to give you a reward, something you'd be willing to go the distance for. I know you play with Lisa's female subs. What if you could have ME?" 

She paused and gave him some time to collect his thoughts. 

A lot was running through his mind. Of course he'd been eyeing her; she was young and hot as hell. Much more his type than her sister Eve. And with the outfit she wore today, it didn't take much for him to get hard for her. Of course he'd thought of the things he'd like to do with her, but he never thought those fantasies would become a reality, until today. 

"Well? What would you do with me, slave? Tell me now, I want to know!" she said with determination. 

Rick stuttered. "Um, eh, well... you know..."

"Know what?!" she yelled and smacked the crop down on his erect cock again. 

He grunted and tried to form a sentence. He was embarrassed to discuss his fantasies about Sarah with so many people present. Granted, most of them had seen him do the most depraved things or had performed them on him, but this was different. 

"Well, uh, I'd uh, probably put some, uh bondage on you...." he stammered. 

"Yeah? Go on, how would you tie me up?" Sarah wanted to know. She circled his big nipples with the tip of the crop. 

"Uh,..." 

Whaaaaack. Whaaaaack. She slammed the crop down on his nipples, first his right, then his left. Rick grunted. 

"Tell me, you perv! How would you tie me up, eh?"

"Alright, alright!" he replied. "I'd bind your tits with rope and also your arms behind your back!"

Sarah stopped in front of him and bent down, then she grabbed his chin and lifted his face up. 

"Hmm, is that right? And what would you do with me once you had me like that?" she said while she looked straight into his eyes. 

"I'd suck and chew on your nipples and pussy and fuck all your holes until I could pound no more," he said while lowering his eyes. 

She slapped his cheek and shouted in his face: "SAY THAT AGAIN AND LOOK AT ME, BITCH!"

"I'd, uh, suck and, uh, chew on your nipples and pussy and, uh, fuck all your holes..." he repeated while he looked into her eyes.

She moved her mouth close to his ears and whispered "give me your hand". Rick did as he was told and extended his right hand to her. She took his hand into her soft palm and guided it up to her stomach, rubbing his fingers over the supple leather of her cupless corset towards her exposed breasts. 

Rick felt a tingle in his spine, he hadn't been this excited in a long time. Sarah stopped moving his hand when his fingers were a quarter of an inch shy of her soft skin. 

"You want to touch me THERE?" she yelled as she threw his hand down. She dropped the riding crop from her other hand and forcefully grabbed Rick's large nipples between the nails of her thumbs and index fingers. Her head moved close to his ear again: "Do you deserve to touch me, you perv? Do you, huh??"

She straightened herself, twisted his nipples and almost lifted him off the ground by them. "DO YOU NOW?" she yelled at him from above. Then she let go of him and picked up the riding crop again.

She stepped back and added, very matter-of-factly: "I don't think you do." She paused for a few moments, looking down on him and added: "Not yet anyway, but I'll give you a chance to earn it."

She walked back to her throne and sat down. She put the riding crop down to the side of her seat and rang her bell again. 

Within seconds, Elisa came back into the Atrium and walked up to Sarah's throne. 

"Can I be of service, ma'am?" she asked. 

"Yes, dear. Fetch me a chair, will you? And also three lengths of rope," Sarah replied. 

Elisa went out but quickly returned with the items Sarah requested. 

"Put that chair behind HIM," Sarah instructed Elisa, "Put him on it and tie his hands behind his back!"

Elisa did as she was told and before long, Rick was sitting on the chair, facing the throne with his hands tied behind his back. 

"Thank you, servant," Sarah said to Elisa, "Now give me the other pieces of rope."

Elisa walked over to the throne and handed the lengths of black stretch rope to Sarah. 

"Now leave."

Elisa left the Atrium and Sarah stood up from the throne. 

"Tomas!, Dieter! Get up!" she yelled. The two men on a leash got up from their kneeling position. 

"You see this slave on that chair?" she asked rhetorically. "He fantasizes about tying me up and fucking me in my mouth, pussy and ass while sucking and biting on my tits and clit."

"We're going to show him that only DESERVING men are allowed to do such things -- Tomas, take this rope, Dieter, take this one."

Sarah handed the ropes to the men beside her and said to Tomas on her left: "Tomas, remove my corset, so Dieter can bind my tits!" She turned to face Dieter while Tomas undid the leather straps on the back of her corset. 

Tomas slid the corset off of her body and put it down gently on the throne. Sarah placed her hands behind her head and interlocked her fingers. She thrust her chest upward toward Dieter, who used his rope to create a tight tit harness on her. Since Sarah's tits were not big enough to be bound individually, he ran the rope around her chest under and above her tits, compressing them, and tied the ropes tightly together in the middle. 

"Tomas, tie my arms together behind my back, from my wrists to my elbows!" Sarah instructed the other man while she lowered her arms and crossed them behind her back. 

Tomas didn't take long to finish his task and when he was done, Sarah said: "Good! Now I'm going to let you guys have some fun. Help me get on my knees between you, then you may have your way with me in whichever way you please for five minutes. Let's give that bitch over there a good show," she said while looking over to where Rick was seated, not even 10 feet away. 

Rick could not believe it. Here he was, restrained on a chair, while two strange men were living out his fantasy right in front of him. Just the sight of Sarah being tied up aroused him tremendously and he couldn't keep his eyes off of her. 

Dieter and Tomas helped Sarah get down on her knees. They wasted little time getting to the action as they stroked their semi-erect cocks while standing in front of her. Dieter was the first to grab Sarah's head and push his cock in her mouth. She eagerly sucked it in and started running her tongue around its head. His cock grew quickly into a full erection and he pulled away, giving Tomas a chance to get his member sucked. 

Dieter moved behind Sarah and grabbed her tiny round butt.&nbsp; He ran his hands over it, down to her thighs and slapped it a couple of times as Tomas shoved his cock up Sarah' mouth. Dieter's fingers probed between the girl's legs, parting her pussy lips and sliding two fingers in and out of her. 

Satisfied with her wetness, he positioned the tip of his cock head between her labia and pushed a few inches of his cock in. Slowly but surely, he fucked all 8 inches of his manhood into her tight pussy until his balls slapped against her with every thrust. 

Sarah moaned loudly as Dieter's thick cock split her tight pussy and tried to concentrate on sucking Tomas's cock. She'd played with long and thick dildos before, but this week was the first time she'd been fucked by big real penises. She was still a little sore from Gunther's cock. His was about the same size as Dieter's, but it was even thicker. She was proud that after an afternoon of practice and slowly building up, she'd been able to take it almost fully up her ass as well. 

Lisa looked down on the action from her balcony and was delighted with what she saw. Sarah humiliating Rick by letting Hans's two slaves perform his fantasy with her. She couldn't believe just one week at Hans's brought this out in her young apprentice. She turned to Hans. 

"It was a week well spent, eh?"

"She's a jewel, wunderbar," Hans replied. You have plenty of time to polish her. She has the potential to become truly magnificent. I admire her drive and openness. She took full advantage of her opportunities with my boys this week."

The two continued to watch from their balcony as Tomas and Dieter changed positions from time to time. Eventually Dieter positioned himself on the floor with Sarah on top of him, fucking her pussy. Tomas was behind her, pounding away at her ass.

Sarah couldn't completely let herself go, she tried to catch a glimpse of Rick watching her. So close, yet so far away. She wanted to tease him by playing the total slut and apparently it was working: his cock was fully erect from watching the scene in front of him. 

Tomas was holding on to her bound tits while Dieter tried sucking on her nipples to the best of his abilities. Whenever he had the chance, he'd sink his teeth deep into her flesh, making her scream out in lust and pain.

Sarah had told the guys they'd have 5 minutes with her and as if on command, the two shot their loads shortly after that time had passed. They pulled out, helped Sarah sit back up on her knees and made her suck their cocks clean before they untied her and went back to their spots next to the throne. 

Sarah got up and immediately walked up to Rick. 

"So that's what you like, eh?" she said. "Well show some appreciation for the free show and clean me up!"

She turned right in front of Rick, spread her legs, bent a little forward and shoved her pussy backwards into his face. 

Without hesitation, he straightened himself up and pressed his face between her butt cheeks, his tongue lapping long sloppy strokes from her hairless mound to her sphincter. 

He tasted her juices and sweat mixed with semen and a little blood. Sarah grabbed his head and pressed it tighter to her body. "Stick your tongue inside, come on, you can do a better job than this!"

She let go of his hair and tried to pull her ass cheeks a little wider, but it was pointless with a skinny and tight round ass like hers; everything was readily accessible. 

Rick did his best to stick his tongue as deep as he could, trying to press it past her sphincter, which worked only a couple of times. He still couldn't believe what was happening. A few minutes ago she teased him, guiding his hand over her stomach and now he was eating out her pussy and rimming her ass. 

When Sarah was satisfied with his job of cleaning her up, she stood straight up again and turned to face Rick. 

"So, I was wondering," she said, "how far you'd be willing to go for me... I mean, you can do all you just saw... and more, if you prove to me that you're deserving."

"How?!" he replied, "Just tell me what you want and I'll do it!" Rick's mind was racing, thinking about how much he'd wanted her from the moment he laid eyes on her. He'd restrained himself, but since she was so determined, he gave in and played along. 

"Anything you do to me, you should be willing to undergo yourself," Sarah said. "And on top of that, I want to use your body at any time to practice my techniques on. I want you to submit to me for physical pain without hesitation, restraints, questions or conditions, is that clear?"

Rick waited for a few moments before answering. He thought of what Lisa had told him earlier. Lisa was looking forward to letting Sarah play with him whenever she was ready. She'd told him that for months. Now it finally seemed to become a reality. 

"Yes, mistress," he replied, "I will do anything you want."

"Good!" she said, "then let's not waste any time. Get up!"

Rick got up from his chair, his arms still tied behind his back with the rope Elisa had put on him. 

"Now get on your knees there," she said while pointing to the spot where Dieter and Tomas had just fucked her. Rick did as he was told. 

"Boys!", she addressed her two leashed slaves while she walked back to her throne, "please do it again, but now with HIM!"&nbsp; She sat down and added: "I'll tell you when to stop."

Dieter and Tomas got up from their positions and stepped in front of Rick. Dieter's cock was flat, but Tomas's was still semi-erect. Tomas pressed his between Rick's lips while Dieter started stroking himself. 

Soon both men were taking turns fucking Rick's mouth and while Dieter stayed there and knelt in front of Rick, Tomas positioned himself behind Rick and started fucking his ass. 

Rick grunted as Tomas increased his penetration. He would never get at it with men by himself, but he couldn't help but get aroused doing this for a mistress. He could not conceal his pleasure as his own cock grew harder with every moment that Dieter and Tomas were pounding away at his mouth and ass.

Sarah was watching in silence, taking in the scene and planning her next move. She was excited to be part of this world, a world that had been new to her a few months ago. But since it fit like a glove, she jumped in headfirst and rode Lisa's rollercoaster. The past week at Hans's in Germany had been eye-opening as well. His training and her own experimentation gave her a confidence boost that allowed her to dominate on her own for the first time tonight. It was a fall vacation well spent. 

She had planned a workout for Rick. This little bout with Hans's boys was just a warmup, the real thing was yet to come: exquisite nipple torture and heavy CBT. She was sure that Rick wouldn't be able to consume his fantasy tonight --or anytime in the next week or so-- especially if he would endure all that she was planning to dish out tonight. She wanted blood, sweat and tears from him and if everything went according to plan, she'd have all that. 

"That's enough, boys!" she yelled as she got up from her throne and picked up her riding crop. "Cum now if you want to, but I'll take him from here."

Dieter pulled out of Rick's mouth and started jacking off, but Tomas kept fucking Rick's ass. Dieter came first and sprayed his cum in Rick's face, covering his lips and cheeks. Shortly after, Tomas grunted and shot his load deep in Rick's ass before pulling out. 

"Thanks boys," Sarah said as she walked over to the three men in front of her, "take your positions next to the throne until I call for you again!"

Tomas and Dieter did as they were told while Sarah tended to Rick. 

"Now how was that?" she asked. "Is that what you wanted to do with me?"

"Uh,.. Yes mistress," Rick responded. He looked down to the floor. 

"How did it feel?"

"It hurt a little, mistress. They are both pretty aggressive and their cocks are not the smallest."

 "Pffft! I'm sure they're not the biggest you've ever had to deal with, either. I thought you serviced Hans before? Besides, you're a big boy yourself. Did you like it like I did?"

Rick hesitated for a moment. He didn't nearly like it as much as she would want, but he loved the fact that he was doing something that pleased her. 

"I'd do anything for you mistress," he replied. 

"Well, good boy! That's exactly what I'm going to try and find out. Look at me!"

Rick looked up to Sarah who stood in front of him, legs a little apart and her upper body slightly bent down. 

"I'm going to untie your arms now. You will clean the cum off your face and eat it. Then you will lie down on that table over there, with your legs in those metal holders."

"Yes, mistress" Rick said as Sarah walked behind him to remove his restraints. She untied him and walked to the torture table Elisa had brought in previously. 

With the rope gone, he was able to move his hands again. Rick got up and stretched his limbs for a moment before he wiped Dieter's semen off his face with his fingers. He licked and sucked his fingers clean, quickly swallowing the salty fluids as he walked over to Sarah and her table. 

The table was about a foot wide and 3 to 4 feet long. It had a metal rail with ring loops all around its edges. It featured a detachable headrest, which was not present, and adjustable&nbsp; metal arms much like the leg holders on a gynecologist's chair.

"Get on the table," Sarah said to Rick. She spoke different. Short and to the point. "On your back, ass on this edge."

Rick sat down on one end of the table and laid down with his feet dangling off the table. 

"Pull up your legs!" 

Sarah swung the metal leg guides in place on both sides of the table and secured them so Rick could rest his legs on them. He was now laying on his back with his legs spread left and right in the air, his ass, cock and balls exposed. 

"Will I need to restrain your legs?" Sarah asked. 

"No, mistress, I will try and take anything for you without restraints."

"Fine," she said, "I'll trust you. But if you mess up or do anything I don't like, I WILL punish you for it. This is about pain, endurance and pleasuring me. I don't give a shit if you cum. If you do, you'll have to clean it up, just like the rest of the fluids we might spill tonight."

She walked around the table, dragging the tip of her riding crop over his body from his feet to his balls to his nipples and back to his feet again. After completing the circle around the table, she worked the foot pump of the table to lift it. Then she picked something up from the trolley table and laid it out on Rick's stomach and chest. 

There was a very thin nylon rope with a loop at the end, a four by three inch strip of leather studded with rows and rows of short, sharp metal pins and a white plastic tube with evenly spaced holes along its side. It was about four inches long as well and about an inch and a half in diameter. 

"Any guy who has the desire to fuck me, should be able to endure this toy," Sarah said with a smile on her face. "Ready or not, here we go!"

She had waited until Rick's cock had gotten flaccid again for a reason. The toy needed to be put in place on a non-erect cock for maximum effect. 

First she pulled the nylon rope through the plastic tube until the loop was sticking out on one end. Then she put the loop around his cock head, but she didn't tighten it immediately. Instead, she quickly wrapped the pin-studded strip of leather around the shaft of Rick's cock and held it in place below his cock head with one hand. With her other hand, she swiftly pushed the plastic tube down his shaft, encasing his cock and the leather strip in it. 

Stimulated by the pins, his cock reacted by getting harder. Rick immediately felt the sharp pain of the rows of pins pressing into his sensitive skin. Instead of turning him flaccid again, the painful stimulation aroused him even more. The added blood flow caused his cock to enlarge even more, building up the pressure and left him feeling like Sarah had his cock in a vise grip. 

This was Sarah's cue to tighten the nylon loop around his cock head. 

"I don't want it to slip off again, so I'm going to make sure it doesn't. Only one way to do that, I'm afraid. At least that's what I was told this week. You may want to take a deep breath and grit your teeth for this!"

Sarah turned to her supplies for a moment and picked up a wooden board and placed it on Rick's stomach, under his encased and throbbing cock. Just the slight movement of the tube caused a sharp pain. She turned again and picked up a hammer and a long nail. 

"Remember," she said to Rick, "no mess-ups! I want to get it right in one try. If you move too much, I might need several attempts. You should ask Gunther in Munich how that feels, if this goes well and you still care to know how it could have gone wrong."

Rick's cock was on fire, hard as a rock and pushing against its restraint. Sarah placed the sharp end of the nail through the first hole in the plastic tube against the layer of leather that was, in this instance, protecting Rick's cock. 

Wrapping her small hand around his cock head and holding the nail upright, she swung the hammer down hard on the head of the nail. Rick closed his eyes and screamed loud. When he looked down after a brief moment, he saw Sarah take another swing with the hammer and he felt another sharp stinging pain as the second impact on the nail pierced it all the way through his cock, the leather, the other end of the plastic tube and even a little into the wooden board. 

Sarah put the hammer down and admired her handiwork, rubbing her fingers over the nail and its surroundings. 

"Hmm, not too bad," she said to herself. And turning to Rick, who was still catching his breath: "Oh, come on! That was just to keep that toy in place in case you go soft on me. I noticed it likes to slip off when the cock goes soft. It's a pain to keep putting it on, so to speak." She giggled a little. 

She took the rope that was previously used to bind Rick's arms and started binding his scrotum with it. She started right under his encased cock and wrapped the rope down tightly, pushing his testicles down in his sac as far as she could, making sure a nice loop of the rope hung down before she tied a double knot to secure the rope. 

When that was taken care of, Sarah squeezed his tied testicles with her fingers. "Now that's over with, we can start our fun. First, you're going to pleasure me a little with your tongue while I warm up your nipples for some real pain play!"

She took a big elastic band from her supplies and walked over to the other side of the table, where Rick's head was slightly hanging off the edge, cause there was no headrest there. 

The table was too high; she lowered it a few inches so she could step over Rick's head and fit it between her thighs. She gave him no space to move, his nose and lips pressed tightly against her pussy. He flicked his tongue between her pussy lips.

"Did I tell you to start already?!" Sarah yelled down at him. She pulled the elastic band and let it go, snapping it against his left nipple. Rick grunted a little between her legs. "Now put some effort into it, I can't feel a thing!"

Hans and Lisa were drinking their wine and chewing some snacks while enjoying Sarah's entertainment. The girl kept snapping the elastic band against Rick's skin. Sometimes at random on his chest, but most of the time the hits were aimed at his nipples. 

"You know," Hans said to Lisa, "she really wasn't kidding just now when she talked about pain play. Sie ist eine verdammt sadistische Domina! My Gunther is still healing from what she did to him on Tuesday. And she only worked on his nipples that day. I believe that what she's about to do to him, is something she's heard you talk about in the past, but I don't think she has ever seen you perform it."

Sarah was satisfied with the reddened skin of Rick's chest and nipples. She stepped away, giving him an opportunity to breathe normal again. 

"Now keep laying still," she said while she went over to the trolley table with her supplies again. She picked up four black plastic tie-rips and turned around to Rick again. 

His cock was still in sharp pain from the torture tube that Sarah had put on him. 

"Pull your nipples out so I can bind them," she commanded. "First your left."

Rick took his nipple between his thumb and index finger and pulled away from his chest. His nipples were enlarged from years of play and tissue damage. They stood erect with a length of almost an inch. Sarah put down three tie rips on his chest and wrapped the other around his stretched nipple, tightening it as much as possible.

She repeated the process on his right nipple and also added another tie-rip on each nipple about halfway between the first tie-rip and the tip of the nipple.

Rick's nipples turned into an off-purple color from the straps as Sarah checked all four tie-rips and tightened them whenever possible. He liked nipple play, but was kinda wary of what was going to happen next, because Sarah brought a small metal tray and a small hammer and put the tray down on his chest. 

"I was going to play with hot wax first, but decided to save that for your cock head and balls," Sarah said. "I brought a couple of nice scented candles that burn at a very high temperature. They smell good, too." She smiled for a moment and then put on a serious and concentrated face.

"You're going to help me a little," she said, "I need you to hold your bound nipples while I hammer some needles in. They'll go straight in from the tip, four in each nipple and one thicker one in the middle."

She used industrial sewing machine needles. They are basically the same as commercial sewing machine needles, only longer; about two inches instead of the regular one-and-a-half inch ones. 

Sarah had experimented with them on Mattias and Gunther over the past couple of days. She had found that it required a lot of force to push these needles through nipples from left to right or top to bottom, but that it was relatively easy to push them into a nipple straight from the front. Nonetheless, she was told that they hurt like a bitch because of their blunt tips. 

Like with all other treatments, Rick's left nipple was done first: four sewing machine needles pushed in from the front. Indeed they slid in relatively easy, but he had to grit his teeth and he grunted hard by the fourth needle.

Sarah pushed them all halfway in, making sure that an inch of every needle was still sticking out of Rick's nipples. After both his nipples were done this way, she produced two thicker skewers that were also a little longer. She placed their sharp tips in the middle between the four sewing needles and slowly hammered them in deep. 

Rick had let go of his helping role during the piercing of his nipples and he was now holding on tightly to the table, letting out longer and shorter "Aaaahhhrgh"s while his young mistress hammered the second skewer in. He almost had tears in his eyes from the pain.

"Hmm, you like that too much," Sarah said dryly as she noticed his cock stiffening up and twitching inside her torture tube. There was only a little blood where she had pierced his member with a nail. "I think I'm going to restrain you for this next part," she said. "Not that I don't trust you, but I don't want a black eye from any sudden hand movements."

She used two long leather belts, one right under his armpits and above his nipples and another one below, to secure Rick's torso in place on the surface of the torture table. She also fetched two handcuffs and secured his hands to the loopholes along the metal bar that ran around the table's surface. 

"You may scream, curse, shout, yell and damn me, but you will endure this as long as I want. Just want to make sure you know that before I start."

Sarah walked over to her supplies and picked up two culinary torches, the things one would usually use for, say, a nice creme brulee. She turned one of them on and walked back to Rick, the sound of the torch clearly audible in the Atrium, only broken by the clicks of her heels on the stone slab floor.

She bent down and brought her face close to his. She could see his eyes widen in fear and disbelief. "This is where the real fun starts," she whispered in Rick's ear. 

Rick was scared. Mistress Lisa had heated needles before with flames from candles, but never with a torch like that. He had no clue if this was going to feel any different. 

Sarah planned a very systematic and cold approach that contrasted the material she was working with. She simply was going to build Rick up to take a repeated assault of five full counted seconds of the two torches fully heating all the pins in both his nipples at the same time. 

Starting with one torch and one nipple and one count, she was going to build this pain game up. Rick screamed out every time she held the flame over the pins in his nipples and by the time Sarah was using both torches simultaneously for the count of three seconds, tears were streaming down his face. He was constantly screaming, shouting and straining against his bonds and he had cursed Sarah to hell at least a dozen times.

At one point Sarah said: "You're doing great, dear! I'm going to build you up to 5 seconds, but before I really deep-fry your tits, I want to remind you of why you're letting me do this again."

She swung one leg over his head again and this time pressed her ass against his lips. "Push your tongue in and show me how deep you can go!" She relaxed her sphincter while he tried his hardest to tongue-fuck her asshole, licking in and out, massaging and rimming her back entrance. She tried to tease him a little by dancing the flames from the torches around the needles in his nipples. 

"That's enough!" she said after a good 30 seconds and she stepped away again. With the four second count, things were getting really serious and Rick felt the stinging pain of the heat in his nipples tear through his body, straight to his bound balls. He was almost ready to cum from this intense physical stimulation, his cock being massaged by dozens of spikes from the torture tube. 

Finally, during the five second count, it pushed him over the edge. With Sarah holding the torches in place to really burn the inside of his pierced nipples, he came-- hard. And he shot his load for the first time during the session. 

Sarah smiled, Rick's face showed only pain. His pulsating and squirting cock --which was still nailed to a board-- pushed against the sharp spikes of the torture tube and leather strip. This was pain. Squared. He had a mixture of cum and a little blood dripping from his cock head. 

Sarah turned off the torches and put them away. Rick was breathing heavily on the torture table. She took a small wire cutter and walked over to him and inspected his nipples. They were a dark shade of purple and their tips were more like a glassy white. The five pins were sticking out. Carefully she positioned the wire cutter to cut the tie-rips. First she cut the ones halfway up the nipples, then the ones at the bottom. She left the needles where they were and walked back to the trolley table to discard the cutter. 

Back at her supplies, she picked up a modified Y-chain with alligator clamps. Each end of the Y-shaped implement had an alligator clamp and about three inches of thin metal chains on them. The middle of the implement consisted of stretching rubber, so that the contraption would place a constant pull on whatever was clamped on both its ends. 

Sarah turned around and looked at Rick. He was really taking all the pain for her and it turned her on. From what she'd heard from Lisa, Daphne and Elisa, she already knew he was a good fuck. But that would have to wait until another time. 

She put the Y-chain on his abs and massaged his nipples simultaneously, rolling them between her thumbs and index fingers, squeezing them with the needles still embedded in them. 

Then she took the two clamps on the top end of the Y-chain and clipped them on his nipples, compressing them onto the sore flesh with the pins still in it. Rick moaned. Sarah pulled the third clamp down, stretching the rubber between the chains and clamps. 

She stretched the rubber all the way down to his cock head and opened the jaws of the third alligator clamp. She shoved one side up Rick's urethra and quickly closed the clamp, grabbing&nbsp; half an inch of urethral tissue and cock head. Rick screamed out in pain. 

The pull from the rubber Y-chain was strong enough to cause a lot of discomfort, but not strong enough to actually rip the clamps off.

Sarah played around with the Y-chain for a little while, tugging on it and pulling it up, away from Rick's body. 

"I know part of you feels neglected," she mocked, running her hands up his legs to his crotch. She rubbed his bound testicles. "I hear you like them being slapped around, is that true?"

Rick didn't answer immediately. He was concentrating on taking the pain in his nipples and cock. 

She smacked her hand hard against his balls. He grunted. 

"Well, do you like them being slapped around?!" she asked again.

"Yes, mistress, I would like you to slap my balls," he replied with some hesitation.

"Good boy, then I have just the treat for you!" She smiled as she walked over to her supplies and picked up two candles, a blue and a red one. She rang her little bell and picked up one of the little torches again before she walked back to Rick.

Soon enough, Elisa came back, still dressed in her French maid's outfit. 

"How may I be of service, ma'am?" she asked. 

"Help me out here," Sarah replied, "we're going to play a little game with hot wax." She handed the supplies to Elisa and strapped Rick's legs to the table's leg guides with wide leather straps. 

I want you to burn these candles with the little torch. Pour the wax on his balls until I tell you otherwise. I will use my riding crop to try and whack the wax off again as fast as I can."

Elisa took both candles from Sarah and asked if she should burn both candles simultaneously. Sarah confirmed this and also handed her the small torch after lighting it. Elisa took her position next to Rick and leaned over to hold the candles in the right place. 

"Here?" she asked. 

"Yeah, but much lower. Burn that wax about five inches above his skin. Hang on a sec!"

Sarah went and got her riding crop that she had previously used and walked back to the far end of the torture table. She was now standing in between Rick's legs. She grabbed the loop in the rope that bound his balls and yanked his balls towards herself, holding the rope stretched. Rick gasped for air. 

"Whaaaack." Sarah slapped the tip of the crop down on Rick's bound and stretched balls. He winced. 

"Here, that's where I want the wax," she said to her assistant. 

Elisa burned the wax off the candles with her little torch and let it stream down on Rick's balls. The blue and red wax covered his skin within moments. 

"That's enough," Sarah said. Elisa moved the torch away and let the remaining wax drip down.

Sarah waited a few moments until the wax hardened, before she struck again with the crop. "Just pour a layer on his cock head when I take this one off." she said to Elisa.

"Whaaack! Whack! Whaaaaack!" The crop came down again and Sarah aimed to remove as much of the wax as she could. 

The two girls continued their wax game for a few more rounds with increasing intensity as Elisa moved the torch and candles closer to Rick's skin every time she applied a fresh layer on his balls and cock head. By the end, Rick howled with every application and every removal, tears running down his face and his legs straining against their bonds. 

Eventually Elisa ran out of wax and turned off her torch. She waited for further instruction from Sarah, who first finished her job by whipping the last layer of wax away. 

"Just put that away, I think he's had enough for now," she said when she was done. "Now get me my strapon from over there." She nodded towards her supply trolley. 

Elisa did as she was told and fetched a strapon with harness from the lower tray of the trolley. She helped Sarah put it on and was dismissed again.

"I'm almost done with you, but not quite yet!" She showed him the big black strapon dildo, which was thick and ridged. "You better lubricate this dildo by sucking it, cause that's all the lube it will get."

Sarah walked over to Rick's head and pressed the tip of the rubber dildo against his lips. He slowly opened his mouth and she pushed a few inches in. 

Rick ran his tongue around the dildo as Sarah slowly fucked its tip in and out of his mouth. Then she pulled out. 

"That's enough!" she said, "You should still have some of my boys' cum in there if you're lucky." She walked between his legs and picked up the loop of rope that was hanging from Rick's tied balls. She pulled it up and pressed the tip of her strap-on against his exposed sphincter.

She pushed forward and the dildo slid in easily. After a few thrusts, she managed to get all eight inches past his sphincter. She was still tugging on his balls and looked down on his tortured cock. It had gone soft for a while but it was getting harder again. 

"You like this, huh?" she asked, trying to press her strap-on a little deeper. "Enjoy it, you'll be screaming in pain again in a few moments." 

She pulled on the Y-chain connected to his nipples and cock head until the alligator clamps slowly ripped off his nipples. Rick cursed but was determined to endure all Sarah could dish out. She tore some layers of skin when she ripped the alligators off and a little blood was trickling out. 

Sarah fucked Rick's ass for a little while longer before pulling out again. She didn't take off her strap-on but bent over to access the electrical power unit that was built into the torture table. She found four wires with alligator clamps and pulled them out, draping the wires over Rick's abs. 

When she got up from her squatting position, she connected the alligator clamps from the wires to the pins in Rick's nipples, one set of wires for each nipple, creating a nice close circuit in his still sensitive and sore nipples. 

After the two sets of wires were connected to their conductors, she bent down again to turn on the electrical unit. It was set to randomly timed jolts of current with increased intensity as time passed. Both nipples received the same amount simultaneously. 

As soon as she turned the unit on, Rick let out a scream. Apparently she was starting the electrical play at a quite intense setting.

Rick felt the sharp pain from the electricity in his sore nipples and tried to detect an interval to the jolts, but found out soon that they were delivered at random. 

In the meantime, Sarah went to her supplies and came back with a metal bivalved duckbill speculum. While Rick was still shouting and screaming at random intervals, she used the speculum to keep his asshole stretched open. 

For her finale, she planned something extremely painful in addition to Rick's double fried nipples. She'd actually asked Hans's male slaves what the most painful thing was that they'd ever experienced.

Two of them had told her that it had to be electrical shocks through their testicles after they were nailed to a board, but she wasn't planning something that extreme with the limited amount of training time she had. 

The hot wax, needles and electrical torture was what she knew quite well by now and she would rather stick to that. So she took something else that was right up there in the male slaves' pain top ten. 

Sarah produced the two candles that she didn't want Elisa to use and also grabbed one of the culinary torches before turning back to Rick. 

"After this, I'll be done with you for tonight," she said. "We'll continue playing when you're up for it again. Elisa will come to clean you up and release you."

With those words, she lit the torch and walked up between Rick's legs. She held the candles together in one hand and the torch in the other, moving them closer and closer together until they met right above the gaping speculum hole. 

Within seconds, the hot wax started flowing down, dropping through the speculum and into Rick's ass. He screamed out in pain as more and more of the hot substance burned his tender and sensitive insides. 

Sarah held the wax and torch in place for a good forty seconds before she turned off the torch and pressed the half melted candles down hard on his cock head, which was still clamped with the alligator clamp from the Y-chain. She dropped the candles and stepped closer to Rick's head. 

She bent over and whispered into his ear: "There's more where this came from... I had fun... This was a great birthday present."

With those words she walked away towards the throne, leaving Rick in pain with the continuing electrical shocks to his nipples.

She told Dieter and Tomas to get on their knees and crawl in front of her. After ringing her bell, Sarah picked up her corset from the back of the throne, grabbed her two leashes connected to her slaves' balls and walked towards the big double doors. 

Her audience on the balcony got on their feet and applauded loudly as she made her way to the exit. 

"I can't believe it!" Lisa said to Hans. "Was THAT my Sarah? I had no idea she could pull off that much on her own already!" Hans just smiled. 

Sarah bumped into Elisa on her way out. "Clean that mess up, and make it quick!" she commanded as she strode out of the Atrium.


----
Chapter Five
----

It was close to midnight after a long evening of fun and games. Hans and Lisa had enjoyed Rachel's and Sarah's entertainment after dinner. When the show was over, Lisa had taken a laptop and showed Hans some of the footage from recent sessions. She was especially proud of the recently recorded "Judas Cradle" session with Daphne and a hot wax session she did with Elisa a little while ago.

After browsing the footage, Lisa thanked Hans again for his great entertainment during the evening and she insisted that he'd take one of her girl toys up to a play room for some late night fun. Hesitant at first because of his busy schedule for the next day, Hans eventually conceded and agreed to take Elisa up because Lisa insisted.

Elisa was called up and her mistress had her strip in one of the mansion's play rooms. When Lisa and Hans arrived, she was kneeling on a platform in the middle of the room, wearing nothing more than her high heels. Hans asked Lisa if she wanted to stay and watch, but she politely declined. She explained to Hans that there would be some food and drinks ready in his guestroom and that the girl would escort him to the room when he was done with her. If she would be unable to do so, for whatever reason, he should call her on her cell phone. Hans and Lisa exchanged some more words and Lisa pointed out where he could find certain toys, tools and implements that he thought he'd use on Elisa. When everything was gathered, Lisa said goodnight and left.

Hans closed the door and walked up to the platform where Elisa was kneeling.

"Ich werde heute Abend nicht viel mit dir reden. Es ist mir egal ob du schreist oder weinst, verstehst du?" he said. 

Elisa understood German well enough, even though she had never taken any more than the mandatory classes in middle school. He was not going to talk to her. He'd just use her regardless of her screams or cries.

Hans told her to squat down in the middle of the rectangle platform. The surface was about a foot high and 3ft by 4ft long and wide. The platform itself had metal poles welded to all its corners as well as the middle of the front and back side. There was a cube-shaped metal frame built all around the platform, about a foot wider than the platform on all sides. The top bar of the cube on the front side of the platform had two pulley systems attached to it.

Elisa's hands were cuffed with wide leather wristcuffs, which were then connected to the two poles behind her. The poles were also a little to the side, stretching her arms out like a V behind her.

When she was secured, Hans struggled to get two tight double wrapped elastic bands around Elisa's small tits. It took him a couple of tries to get the bands to stay in place and not slip off.

The girl underwent her treatment without resisting or making a noise. She remembered her last session with Hans very well. It was in Munich, a year or so ago. She learned that it would be best to just soldier on and take what was coming to her. Any disobedience was met with brutal punishment.

When Hans was satisfied with the elastic bands, he took a small flogger and started swirling its tails around, letting them rain down on her tits. The increasing intensity made her skin turn a nice shade of red. For good measure, he also took advantage of her squatting position by whipping her from behind on her ass, with the tails occasionally smacking up between her legs, on her pussy and lower abdomen.

After the short warmup, Hans took two fish hooks with a long, thin nylon strings attached to them. He pushed the first hook through her right nipple without much foreplay or warning. Elisa grunted when the sharp tip pierced her skin. It took Hans some effort to get the hook all the way through, but he managed to get it done fairly quickly without any bleeding. 

Elisa's left nipple received the same treatment and soon enough she had the thin nylon strings dangling from the fish hooks through her nipples.

Hans fetched a dozen or so metal discs from a cabinet and walked back to his sub. The discs were about two inches in diameter and had a half-inch-wide round hole in the middle. They were about 5 millimeters thick. He pulled the ends of the nylon stringsseach through five of the discs and guided the strings through the pulleys in front and above Elisa. It made the discs slide down towards the fish hooks as Hans pulled the strings down from the pulleys and hung a 2lb weight from each of them. 

Elisa still didn't make a sound. The fish hooks had stung when they were pushed through, but weren't too bad once they were in place and the pull from the weight wasn't causing her too much pain.

Hans took a thin but long bamboo stick and started hitting the top of Elisa's stretched tits with it. She yelped with every strike and after the 8th hit, tears started to form in her eyes. He put the stick down and switched it out for a riding crop, which he also used to slap the top and bottom of her tits, sometimes hitting her freshly pierced nipples.

After a minute or so, he went lower to her stomach and down to her thighs and pussy, smacking grunts out of her for a little while.

"Das ist ja gut, Ich mchte jetzt gern etwas Spass machen!" he said and put his riding crop down on the platform. He took the elastic bands off her tits, which made them look like pointy cones with the weights still pulling her tits forward.

Hans manipulated the metal discs one by one over Elisa's nipples by pulling the string and fish hook away from her body and the discs down over her nipples. Eventually he managed to get all five discs over her nipples, leaving the tips of her nipples exposed in front of the discs.

Now the pain was about to start for Elisa. Hans started with two thin meat skewers crossed like an X through the tips of her nipples, securing all the discs in place. The skewers slid through relatively easy, but Elisa screamed out in pain every time their sharp tips slid into her tender skin. Going in was not as bad as the part where the pointy tip poked against the skin from the inside, trying to break out again.

By the time two skewers were pushed through each nipple in an X pattern, Elisa was breathing heavily and gritting her teeth. She looked down on her pulled and pierced nipples and saw the 6-inch long skewers through her nipples.

"Oh God," she thought, "I wonder what more he has in store for me tonight. This is just the start, I bet." But she didn't make a sound.

That was, until Hans continued with the skewers. It was considerably harder for him to push another skewer of the same size through her nipples from top to bottom. Elisa yelled, screamed and cursed as he tried to push and manipulate the metal pins through her burning nipples. Eventually it worked and he pushed them both through.

Hans took his riding crop again and played around with it on Elisa's tits for a little, hitting them from the top and bottom, reddening the skin more with each smack. 

Next he took a small gold-colored vibrator and slid it between Elisa's pussy lips, teasing against her clit, sliding it back and forth. He eventually pressed it a little inside her pussy, putting the other end of the toy down on the platform, letting it rest in place. 

He told Elisa to make sure that the vibrator would not fall over, or her pussy would get punished for it. 

Hans took the riding crop again and hit her nipples from the top, smacking against the discs and skewers. After another minute, he stopped to grab some needles. 

One by one, he inserted six hypodermic needles into each nipple, right between the crossing skewers, pushing them just far enough into the nipple to stay in place.

He was going to do some hammering: using the riding crop to hammer them all through Elisa's nipples, one by one with firm smacks from the riding crops on their colored plastic ends. 

One of the needles fell out of her left nipple when Hans hit it,&nbsp; but a new one got shoved in and hammered in place instead.

Elisa's tits were now totally on fire, burning with intense pain. Hans added additional weights to the nylon strings that pulled on the fish hooks through her nipples. They made her tits appear even more pointy. 

He took two additional long meat skewers and showed them to Elisa, dangling them in front of her eyes. Then he placed one horizontally above her left stretched tit from the nipple to her chest, making clear that the distance from her pulled nipple to her ribcage was about half the length of the skewer. 

Holding the metal discs around her nipple between thumb and index finger of one hand, he positioned the tip of the skewer against Elisa's nipple. After he moved it around to find&nbsp; a spot that wasn't blocked with a needle of skewer yet, he placed two fingers on each side of her nipple behind the metal discs and pulled the discs forward with one hand while he pushed the skewer straight into her nipple from the front with his other hand. 

The skewer slid in easier than she'd anticipated, but Elisa screamed at the top of her lungs. She breathed heavily when he stopped pushing and when she opened her eyes to look down, she saw that only about four inches of the skewer were still sticking out of her nipple, meaning that the other half was embedded in the full length of her stretched breast. 

Before she could catch her breath, her right boob received the same treatment. It took Hans a little longer, because it was tougher to find a "clear" spot to push the skewer in. Elisa wailed as Hans manipulated the metal pin into her titmeat until only about four of the eight inches were sticking out at the front. 

Hans admired his work for a few moments and then walked away for a few seconds to pick up two candles and a lighter. After lighting the candles, he walked back to Elisa and told her to open her mouth and stick out her tongue.

Elisa did as she was told and opened her mouth wide. She noticed the candles as Hans stepped in front of her. Her eyes widened. 

"You see these candles here?" Hans asked. 

"Uh-huh," she nodded. 

"You will catch the dripping wax with your mouth and tongue now," he stated. "Miss too much for my liking, and you will receive a harsh punishment!"

He moved the two burning candles above her head and Elisa tilted her head backwards immediately. Hans now held the two thin candles in one hand and used the other to hold Elisa's chin up. 

Hans moved the candles into a horizontal position and hot wax started dripping down slowly. Within a split second, it rained down on Elisa's tongue and lips. 

Instinctiverly, Elisa pulled her tongue back and closed her mouth. Hans didn't appreciate it and slapped her hard on the cheek with his hand that was previously holding her chin. Some wax ran down from the candles, dropping down on Elisa's torso until Hans held the candles up straight again.

"Wast ist denn das?!" he exclaimed.

"I'm sorry!" Elisa replied with a little lisp. "It won't happen again!" She looked down, avoiding eye contact with him.

Hans grabbed her chin again and held it in a strong grip.

"Schau mich an!"

Elisa looked up.

"Mach das noch einmal und du wirst es bereuen, sau!" he yelled at her.

The girl opened her mouth again and stuck her tongue back out. Hans still looked upset with her behavior, but he didn't say anything else, he just positioned his candles above her face again.

New drops of hot wax fell down on Elisa's lips and when a stream of wax ran down and hit her tongue, she pulled back again, coughing.

"Verdammt noch mal!!" Hans was getting really upset. He hit Elisa's cheek again with his flat hand, which was not helping her cough. 

As the girl tried to catch her breath again and dealt with the pain of the hot wax on her tongue and lips, Hans strode over to the far wall of the room, where he rummaged through a cabinet with his free hand while still holding the two candles in the other. After a few seconds, he turned back around and carried something over to Elisa. Her face was red and she had tears in her eyes. He told Elisa to stick her tongue out again, which she did. 

Without any warning to her, he clipped a big alligator clamp halfway up her tongue. She shrieked a guttural sound and moved her tongue around frantically, but to no avail. The strong clamp bit down on almost half of her tongue and it was impossible for her to get it off or pull the whole clamp into her mouth. With the clamp in place, Hans grabbed a heavy metal linked chain from the same cabinet where he found the clamp and connected the chain to the clamp.

Elisa, who couldn't get used to the excruciating pain in the tip of her tongue, now had a heavy chain hanging from her clamped tongue, making it impossible for her to retract.

"Na gut, dan machen wir's so!" Hans said as he positioned himself again in front of Elisa, holding her chin and tilting her head a little back.

Over the next minute or two, he poured down droplets and streams of hot wax, covering the girls lips and tongue with a thick layer while she sobbed and cried from the pain. He held her chin in a vise grip, making it impossible for her to move her head and every time she wriggled her body, the only thing she'd achieve was more pain in her stretched and tortured nipples. And of course the vibrator fell pretty quickly. 

Elisa didn't even notice it until after Hans stopped his wax treatment and mentioned it to her. She looked down with a terrified gaze. Mouth open, clamped tongue stretched out and covered in wax, with a heavy metal chain hanging between her strestched and pierced tits.

Hans removed the tongue clamp and chain, taking a little of the hardened wax off her tongue with it. He left the rest in place and also left her wax-covered lips untouched.

The girl slowly pulled her sore tongue back into her mouth and the hardened layers of wax broke. She was unsure what to do with the wax and she was afraid to ask. Should she just spit it out? Let it fall gently to the floor? She decided to wait as Hans removed the weights from the nylon strings that were connected to the fish hooks in her nipples. Elisa was hoping this would lessen the pain in her tits, but the skewers that were embedded in her tits from the front only started hurting more.

Hans took down all the weights and put them away. Then he walked up to Elisa and cupped her left breast while taking the long skewer that was pushed in from the front, into his other hand. 

With a slow but steady pull, he pulled the whole skewer out of her tit. It hurt. A lot. Elisa screamed out in pain and kept sobbing as Hans repeated the process on her right breast.

Now the embedded skewers were gone, Hans wanted to play a little tug-of war with Elisa's tits. He left all the other needles and skewers through her nipples in place and grabbed both nylon strings, one in each hand.

Standing about 3ft in front of her, he started manipulating the strings, pulling them out, moving them up and down, left and right, rotating them in a circular motion. Elisa's pierced tits danced on her chest to a soundtrack of her low moans.

After a minute or so, Hans pulled the stings forward as much as he could stretch Elisa's tits and tied the strings to the eyelet on top of the metal welded pole right in front of her. She was now stretched backward by her arms and forward by the fish hooks in her nipples, unable to move either way without putting a painful strain on her tits.

Hans picked up a braided whip with lots of tails and moved behind Elisa. He started to whip her back and ass, making her dance in her bonds, stretching her tits out, contorting them with every uncomfortable move. Elisa screamed out and most of the wax either flew or dropped out of her mouth and off of her lips during the whipping.

He continued to whip her until her back and ass were a nice shade of bright red. Then he stopped to secure her knees. He used two thin black leather belts around her knees and through the eyelets on the welded poles left and right in front of her, next to the one in the middle tho which the nylon strings were tied. It made it impossible for Elisa to close her legs in the squatting position that she was still in.

Hans untied the strings from the eyelet and tied them together in a knot, which he let Elisa bite down on. It kept her nipples nicely stretched upward. This was only to provide him with a new canvas for his braided whip. He contintued the whipping on her abs and the underside of her tits. Sometimes the tails of the whip got caught in the needles through Elisa's nipples, but this was no concern for Hans. He paid little attention to the needles that got ripped out of her nipples and fell down. Only occasionally when one would fall down on her abs or thighs and get caught on her skin, would he remove them before continuing the whipping. Without even mentioning the fallen vibrator again, Hans moved further down her abs with the whip and started severely beating on her exposed pussy until he was satisfied.

Elisa didn't mind the whipping too much, even though the pain was intense. Usually a whipping was a nice buildup into more painful, sharp and severe forms of torture. "At least Hans hadn't brought out the barbed wire whip yet," she thought. Then he stopped and put the whip down on the floor.

Hans untied Elisa's knees first, then he disconnected her wristcuffs from the poles behind her, allowing her to move around on the platform again. She still held the nylon string knot between her teeth while Hans made her turn 90 degrees on the playform and told her to lie down on her back with her legs pulled up and her feet at the edge of the platform.

The girl just laid for a while, as Hans again went off to find some stuff to use. He returned with a thin metal chain, which he secured between the eyelets of the poles on opposite sides of the platform, on the side where Elisa's feet were. The chain was hanging horizontally, about a foot above the platform. Hans fiddled some more with stuff at the cabinet and returned with a metal tray which he put down on her abdomen.

He bent down over Elisa's abs and inspected her pussy, running his fingers between her labia and tugging on them. He exposed her clit and used a cut off syringe to suck it out, into the plastic tube. There was a hole in the stem of the sucker and Hans pushed a toothpick through, to keep It in place in a vacuum position. This kept both his hands free to tie a small string around the syringe where it met Elisa's skin. 

He tightened the string around the syringe and then pushed it down over her stretched and sucked-up skin, tightening it some more and tying off Elisa's clit with the string. Hans removed the syringe again and looked at Elisa's engorged and tied clitoris, which was exposed, sucked away from it's hood. 

Hans fiddled around with Elisa's pussy lips again, parting them, rubbing them. Eventually he pulled on her smaller lips. 

Then he took another fish hook with a nylon string attached to it and pierced it straight through her inner labia. First the right, then the left, both got pierced with the same fish hook, almost exactly in the middle. The nylon string had another hook on the other end and Hans ran the other hook and the string through five metal discs that were exactly the same as the ones around Elisa's nipples. When the string was threaded through, he secured the hook to the metal chain that was hanging between the metal poles on the sides of the platform, effectively stretching the girl's inner labia to their max.

It looked like they were stretched about three to four inches out and it was easy for Hans to pull the skin folds with the fish hook through the holes in the five metal discs. When he pulled all five discs over her pussy lips, Hans took another meat skewer from the metal tray. It was exactly the same as the six pins that were shoved through Elisa's nipples and that kept her nipple discs in place. 

Three of those skewers went through her pussy lips from left to right and three vice versa, to create a nice X-pattern. Again, the pins kept the metal discs in place. Hans used an elastrator to compress all six skewers together with castration bands on both sides of her pussy lips. 

Hans disconnected the nylon string from the chain it was connected to and played a little tugging game, as if he was trying to see how far down he could pull Elisa's pussy lips. 

She had screamed when the skewers were pushed through, but was awfully quiet now. Hans didn't like it and reconnected the string to the chain, pulling her labia out again. 

He planned on torturing her clit next. He had not exposed it for nothing, after all. He had a plan. First he wrapped a thin leather belt tightly around Elisa's waist. When it was secured, he pulled the string on her clit up to her belly button and tried to stretch it up as much as he could. Then he tied the string tightly to the belt, leaving her clit open and exposed, pulled away to the opposite side of her pussy lips. 

Hans played with it for a few moments, rubbing it, flicking his nails against it, pulling it up. This was merely foreplay for the real torture: four heavy gauge needles pushed straight through her clit, two top to bottom and two left to right. 

He first pierced the ones left to right at the bottom, Elisa screamed on top of her lungs. Then the ones crossing them were pierced through on top. Elisa was in so much pain, she wailed and cried hysterically. But Hans didn't flinch. 

When the needles were in, Hans walked over to the cabinet on the far side of the room again and picked up a violet wand resembling a small garden rake. Hans switched it on and returned to the platform. 

He started his electro torture by gently raking Elisa's stretched pussy and her thighs. She yelped loudly when the electrical static jumped from the wand to her skin. The four small contact points had quite some bite. 

Hans slowly made his way up her abdomen, stopping to torture her clit, letting sparks fly between the wand and the needles through her clit. He then continued above the belt towards her pierced nipples. When he got there, he yanked on the nylon cords that were connected to the fish hooks in her nipples and stretched her tits obscenely upward while using the violet wand on the underside of her breasts. 

Hans placed his full hand over Elisa's mouth and used his thumb and index finger to press her nose shut while he kept raking her body with the violet wand, pressing the device increasingly harder against her skin, keeping it in the same place for longer periods of time, slowly going back down to her pussy. 

His hand muffled her screams but also controlled her breathing, leaving her without the ability to breathe for as long as he chose while he tortured her body.

Elisa was trembling, twitching on the platform, her screams muffled by Hans' large hand. Her hands and feet were not bound and she didn't try to get away or use her hands to keep him from using the wand on her. She just strained against the metal poles around the platform to help her deal with the pain. 

Hans had kept her mouth and nose closed for about 40 seconds while pressing the violet wand onto the top of Elisa's tits, close to her areolas. When he realized he was leaving visible burn marks on her skin with the wand, he pulled it away and also let go of her face. He wasn't going to burn her without discussing it with Lisa first. 

Elisa coughed and tried to gasp for air when his hand was gone. While she was trying to catch her breath again, Hans discarded the wand and ordered Elisa to first disconnect the nylon string on the fish hook in her pussy lips from the metal chain and to kneel on all fours on the platform. 

When he returned, he brought two heavy weights and put them on the platform, next to Elisa's legs. They were solid 4" metal cubes with a hook welded to the top. 

Hans left them where he put them down and walked to the side of the platform where Elisa's head was. He unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. It was still flat, but already impressive in length and girth. Elisa remembered his member very well from the last time she serviced him. Her mistress Lisa had instructed her to deepthroat him, knowing full well that she wouldn't be able to take his thick 10" cock all the way down her throat. Of course she failed. Lisa and Hans had punished her severely for not being able to do it and Lisa had later devised a torture setup that would train Elisa to take bigger and bigger dildos down her throat. 

Elisa knew what to do. She lifted her right hand up to try and grab his cock, but Hans interrupted her. 

"Nein! Ohne hande!"

She put her hand back down on the platform and leaned over to get her mouth closer to his body. She stuck her sore tongue out and started lapping it over his cock. It responded quickly by getting erect as she lapped up and down over the full length of his shaft. 

Hans was uncircumcised and before long, his growing cock head started pushing out through his foreskin. He pulled it back and started stroking his cock up and down before he pushed his cock head into Elisa's warm and wet mouth. He pushed in as far as she could and moved his hands down to her tits, pulling on the nylon strings on the fish hooks in her nipples. She twisted her tongue around his cock head and tried to make a fucking motion with her head as best as she could. She loved sucking cock and this was a fine specimen. 

After a minute Hans pulled out to Elisa's disappointment. He walked to her side and ran his fingers over her shoulder and down her back until he got to the weights next to her legs. He picked one of them and walked back in front of her. He ordered her to get off the platform and push her tits forward and up. When she was in his desired position, he hung the weight from the knot in the two nylon strings that were attached to her nipples. Elisa moaned. Having her tits stretched with a heavy weight made them feel totally on fire again. The weight stretched the skin and strings down. 

Next up was the second heavy weight. Hans had Elisa turn around and place her hands on the top of the platform. She also had to spread her legs. He tied a loop in the string on her pussy lips and hung the weight off of it. Elisa gasped and moaned as the weight pulled her pierced labia more down.

Hans swung the weight between her legs and played around a little. Then he positioned himself behind her and stroked his cock back into a full erection. He grabbed her ass, spit down on his cock head and&nbsp; pressed it against her sphincter, trying to pop it in. Elisa tried her best to relax her muscles and slowly Hans was able to push his cock a few inches in. When it slid in and out with greater ease, he started fucking her ass more vigorously.

Elisa cried and moaned with pain and pleasure. The weights were swinging back and forth from her fishhooked nipples and labia as Hans thrust his 10" cock deep in her ass. He grunted with every thrust and pulled her hips close to him with his hands. After a while he stopped, pressing his cock as deep as he could and pulling the belt around Elisa's waist up as high as he could, bringing intense pain to her tied and pierced clit which was attached to it. 

Quickly now, Elisa climaxed and orgasmed hard from the ass fucking and the torture of her nipples and clit. She trembled and screamed like a banshee. The intense stimulation got her off like nothing else. She enjoyed being used like the pain whore that she knew she was. After the orgasm, the pain immediately intensified, but Hans was not done with her yet. He kept fucking her deep and continued to pull on the belt and the weight hanging from her nipples until he finally came himself and shot his load inside her.

He didn't immediately pull out. Instead, he held Elisa close to him with one arm around her waist while he used his other hand to remove the heavy weights from the strings on her nipples and pussy lips. He put them down on the platform in front of her. As his erection subsided, he pulled out and had Elisa turn around and kneel in front of him to suck him off and clean his cock.

After he put his cock back in his pants, he first removed the belt around Elisa's waist and had her lie down on the platform again. He was going to let her remove all needles and skewers herself until he only had the fish hooks to do.

Elisa laid on her back and Hans put a small metal tray on her stomach and told her to pull the needles and pins out. First he cut the elastrator bands that he put around the skewers in her pussy lips. He also cut the string tying her clit. Elisa started removing the needles and began with the ones through her clit and then her pussy lips before moving up to her nipples. The needles and skewers slid out relatively easily and Elisa didn't feel too much pain, being able to control the removal of the pins herself. However, there was plenty of blood trickling from the fresh wounds. Hans took the metal discs from her and when they were gone, he used pliers to cut the fish hooks for her, so she could pull them out quickly as well.

When she was piercing-free, Hans gave her a towel and a hug and asked if she'd like a drink in his room. She agreed since she understood she had to take him down to the guest quarters anyway. One drink wouldn't hurt. Her shower could wait a little longer.

----



Review This Story
 || Email Author:     DolorDelectatio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





