BDSM Library -  Laundry Day  Toilet Whore




 Laundry Day  Toilet Whore
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Mistress uses slaves mouth to launder and dye her shit laden stockings.  The wash water is Her pee






Laundry Day by Blushing slut

I had been in 24 hour captivity for quite some time now. Ever since I had been initiated as Your full toilet slave, You had been devising many different ways of subjecting me to the humiliations of that act. You had parties, where Your girlfriends, sometimes 10 or more, had been enlisted to subject me to hours and hours of nothing but shit eating and piss drinking. These sessions were accompanied by vicious floggings, after which You would all piss into the open welts, to increase the pain. 

On other occasions, You had subjected me to long drawn out sessions, where You would push out a hard log and command me to lick and suck it, like an all day sucker. I was not allowed to break any pieces off, upon threat of another vicious beating. I had to lick and suck the log until it was all dissolved, and then You would push out another few inches, and make me start all over again. This was where I really got to taste You the most. One can imagine how long it would take to dissolve a log of shit in this manner. You would make me suck it like a cock, lips wrapped full around it, while using my tongue to dissolve the crowning tip. 

Being forced to eat Your caviar while under the toilet throne was one thing. It would only last a short time, and then it was over. But this other technique of the 'all day sucker', would prolong my exposure to the smell and taste of Your shit, for hours at a time. 

Of course, it was always only with a log in my mouth,that You would release me from chastity. Once in a long while, You would milk me to either a full,or ruined orgasm. You knew that this would make me crave the flavour and aroma of Your shit, even more. 

Today, though, You had a new plan in mind. You had ordered me to the dungeon for our morning 'feeding' session. Usually it was in the toilet room. But not today. I waited on my knees, on the cold stone floor. 

Eventually, I heard the sound of your heels, clicking down the stairs. I lowered my gaze. "Good morning my little toilet servant. I have a special surprise planned for you. Today is Monday, laundry day. Something to look forward to from now on. Every Monday, from now on, you are going to launder the dirtiest of my undergarments, before they foul up the wash water. And I'm going to teach you everything you need to know about that." 

You walked around in front of me, slipped off Your shoes, and knelt down in front of me. You tucked Your feet under Your ass. "Get your face down here, slave. Tend to My stockings. Suck the toe sweat out of them." 

I got my face down to Your feet and proceeded to lick and suck Your stocking clad toes. The scent of Your unwashed feet engulfed me. You farted several times, right in my face, and I sniffed them in deeply, as You had taught me. "Now, you get your tongue right up my hole, and lubricate it. I'm going to push out your morning meal, right onto the soles of my feet. You just wait for it." 

I pointed my tongue and got lots of spit on it and drove it up Your hole as deep as it would go. I started thrusting it in and out, trying to get as much saliva up Your anus, as I could. I could feel and taste the tip of Your first log. It was moving closer toward me. 

"Lots of saliva, slut! Make a nice slurry with your spit and my shit! Nice and slippery! Help me ease out that first log." 

You reached around and pushed my face in between Your cheeks and held me there. I could barely breathe. I knew what You wanted. I drove my tongue as far up Your hole as I could, and wrapped my lips tightly around your anus. Your sphincter clamped around my tongue, until You were ready to release Your load. You teased me by giving me only a few inches of Your shit, just enough to coat my tongue. Then You pushed me away. 

"Now get back to sucking my toes, slut!" 

I quickly swallowed the small turd You had deposited into my mouth, and tended to Your feet, lovingly sucking out the days sweat from Your stockings. I always loved the sight of Your asshole as it opened for shitting. I watched as it gaped, and the next long log came snaking out and coiling up on the soles of Your feet. You leaned forward and raised one foot up in the air, and commanded me to kiss the pile of shit laying on it. As I did, You pushed Your foot right up against my mouth, holding it there, smearing it on my face, forcing me to consume everything on it. 

"Eat it, bitch! That's right, hungry boy. There's lots for you today! You chew that nice and slow. That's right, take your time... Now swallow." 

I was completely degraded. My face was covered in Your shit. It was up my nostrils, and in my eyes. The smell was starting to give me dry heaves. I chewed and swallowed the last bits, and begged for more, like I knew I was supposed to. I felt like such a filthy little whore! 

" Eat what's on the other foot!" You ordered. " Lick and kiss the pile, first!" 

I brought my tongue to your pile of shit. It looked like a swirl of chocolate cream. I pretended it was, and started lapping at it with my tongue, licking and kissing it. 

"Now, finish your meal!" 

You pushed my face into it, with you're other foot behind my head. I chowed down on the remainder. I tried not to gag. You didn't like gagging, i'd found out before! And puking was also not tolerated. The punishment for that, was to have to lap up the whole mess! Which a few times has made me puke again! Only to have to lick it up, once more! 

"That's good, my little toilet boy! Now swallow everything and lay on your back. That face of yours needs a wash, before your laundry duties!" 

You bring over a glass jug, filled previously with your piss, from the day before. You place one foot on my forehead, to hold me in place. 

"Close your eyes and open your mouth. I'm going to give you a good rinsing." You pour the entire jug of yesterdays cold, stale pee, all over my face and into my mouth. You rub your stockinged foot all over, to clean me up! "Gargle for me slut. I want that little drain hole cleared open!" 

I wondered what you meant by that? Drain hole? Laundry day?... I was beginning to get an idea as to what You had planned for me... 

"Alright slave, remove my stockings for me." I peeled them off carefully. They were laden in Your shit and pee. And Your toes and soles were encrusted as well. "Now get over to the whipping bench, and lie on your back." 

Once on it, You fastened my wrists, ankles, waist and neck, tightly to the loops, with rubber straps. I noticed there was a rubber sheet on the floor, under the bench, and also one draped over it. Things were becoming very clear! My mouth was about to be used as a washing machine, to launder Your filthy stockings, and god knows what else! You brought out a wire mouth spreader device, forced open my mouth and installed it there. My jaw sprung wide open! You chuckled. And then You raised Your most vicious cane to my eyes. The four foot Rattan, with the little lead ball on the end! The one that drew blood from the first stroke. I knew it was to make me completely compliant to the degrading acts You were about to put me through. It's the only time You ever used it.
The most demanding points of my training are always accompanied by the threat of its vicious bite! But there is always the tenderizing session in the beginning! You brought the end of the cane to my lips. "Kiss it, and beg for its merciless strokes. You know they always make you perform better, don't you?"

"Yes, my Goddess. Please drive me to always perform better for You. I love how You handle me. I so appreciate the time You spend on me to make me better for You. Please, whip me hard, with many, many strokes, Mistress!" I begged. 

You raised the vicious implement up high. The first stroke came down, fast and hard, swiping through the air! Hot searing pain cut into my flesh. You had chosen my thigh! You focused on both thighs for awhile, and then my stomach, and then my nipples! I was screaming in agony! But I was more absorbed with the incredible wild look in Your eyes, and how Your cheeks flushed, as You were delivering the blows! There must have been at least 50 strokes delivered! Painful welts and a few cuts had formed. I was completely subdued and submissive to You! I tried to collect myself, as best as possible, for the next round. 

"Now my slave, I will tell you about your laundry duties. I have several filthy items that need laundering, including the stockings that we were just playing with. Your mouth is going to be the washbasin. But you don't get to use water, you get to use my pee as the wash water! And whatever else I decide to add in. I'm going to pull out my tampon, out of my bleeding cunt, and we're going to use it as a drain plug. In the back of your throat!" 

You got onto the bench, and positioned Your pussy right over my mouth, with Your tampon string tickling my lips. You reached around and pulled the bloody tampon out, and it fell just under my nose. You stuffed it firmly down the back of my throat, plugging it up completely. I could only breathe through my nose, now. You left the string dangling over my lips. 

"Now my little slut, we're going to start the wash cycle - we'll do a pre-wash first, just to get rid of the biggest bits. Starting with those stockings that i just soiled with my shit! Now, open wide! Oh, forgot, you're already open wide, aren't you, haha! Observe and learn!" 

You squat directly over my mouth and let loose a slow dribble of Your pee into it. As it fills up to the brim, You move back slightly and spray the rest of my face with a sudden blast of hot piss! Then You raise up, and turn round to face me. You place one foot on each side of my head, to keep me from turning away from my duties. You sit down on my chest, on top of the nipple clamps that i normally always wear (part of my nipple and breast sensitization program), and the pain triples!

You reach over and grab one of the stockings that You had just shit on and smeared into my face. "Here we go now, my slave. Item number one. Lets wash out the dirtiest bits first." You said in a sing-song voice.

You dip the foot of your stocking into my mouthful of piss. You work it around in my little washbasin with Your rubber clad fingers. You use my nose as a scrubbing board! Over and over, back in the pee, then back to the nose! 

"Hmm, that wash water is getting pretty foul, isn't it? Time for a drain and a refill!" 

You pull on the string of Your tampon and unplug my throat. You pinch my nostrils shut, and simply smile at me. I know i wont be able to breathe until i swallow everything. I succumb to the foul mixture. It plunges down my throat, lumps and all! I resist choking, and gulp in a breath of air. You take Your tampon plug and stuff it down my throat again. You continue to pinch my nostrils. You look deep into my eyes as i slowly start to lose my breath. You always like to remind me just how much power over me You have. Breath play is one of Your favorites. I start squirming, and losing control. I need air, but i succumb, because i trust that You always know better than me, how long i can last.

Just before You release me, You shift Your asshole right over my nose, and at the moment of release, You let loose a long slow fart, right up my nostrils. I am engulfed by You, and have to take several deep breaths of the oxygen starved/methane rich mixture, before i begin to return to normal! You shift slightly, and i feel the first warm trickle of Your piss in my mouth. You let loose with several long hot blasts until my mouth is overflowing all down the sides of my face and in my ears! 

"There we go, all ready for the main washing. And we shall use a good amount of spit for fabric softening too, I think!" 

You spit several times in my mouth and swirl it around, before You place the stocking back in for the second cycle. This cycle involves You using the butt end of a rubber dildo as a plunger, amidst numerous scrubbings on my nose! You laugh gleefully as You squeeze out the residue all over my face and eyes, several times! And of course You just keep filling up Your basin with more fresh pee. My mouth is getting sore from the wire spreader. My nose is raw from being used as a washboard, over and over! 

After several turns on cycle two, You hold the stocking up, spread by Your fingers. "Now that looks much better! Lets pull out your little drain plug and you can swallow that final mix. Then we'll rinse for awhile." 

I gulped down the second load as You pinched my nostrils shut again. You re-plugged my throat with Your bloody tampon, and squated over my face, and filled me back up with pee again. More rubber dildo plunging and nose scrubbings, constant squeeze outs on my face, and several more basin refills, and finally You declared Your stocking fully laundered! You repeated the three cycles with the second shit impregnated stocking. I was already becoming exhausted, and looked like Rudolph, with my nose so bright, and red!

"Dear me that little washboard nose of yours is almost at the point of shedding blood! I think we better move to something else. Like your little clit stick!! Now my little laundry bitch, i have some stockings for you to dye, to add to your wardrobe. Both pairs white. The first pair i got a lover to soak them with his cum! The second pair are drenched from a girl slave of mine. I foot fucked her for hours, and the stockings are drenched in Her nectar! Not only will you clean them first, but then we're going to do a little dye job on them. Pink, then brown, are the themes. I'm sure You can imagine how we will attain those colours!"

You put me to work on the first pair. You were using the saved up, cold piss, in the pitcher now. Your bladder, though one of the biggest in the business, was empty. The first pair, the ones drenched in Your lovers cum, were the ones You had decided to dye red. You had made me save several of Your bloody tampons, over the last couple of days. I had wondered why. Now i knew. After You had filled my mouth with Your cold pee, You took three of the dried tampons and dipped them into my mouth. You let them sit for awhile as they slowly began to absorb the cold piss.

You occupy yourself with my nipples and balls, while they soak. You attach vicious nipple clamps to both, with chains linking between the four points. You then loop them all to the hook, attached to the pulley, over the bench. As you slowly pull on the chains, my squeals are muffled by my mouthful of pee and tampons! 

My balls and nipples are in agony! You position your feet on each side of my head to steady it, so as not to spill any of the dye mix. I am starting to thrash around in pain. You take the short riding crop, hanging from your belt, and deliver several lashes to both nipples and testicles, threatening to continue, if i don't stop my thrashing! I stiffen myself, the best i can. You check to see that the tampons are softened. You comment on the pretty orange color that your blood and piss have created! 

You remove one of them and squeeze it out onto my face. You take the remaining two cords, stuff them up my one nostril, and plug them in with the soaked tampon, twisting and shoving it painfully up my nose! 

"There now, my little slut. All ready for the dying cycle. But first we have to clean them, don't we? Hmm, Your mouth is currently occupied with another task, isn't it? How will we prewash these tasty, crusty treats? I know, we'll wash them in the pitcher of piss. And You will have it as your breakfast juice, tomorrow morning. Along with your usual healthy load of breakfast sausages! hahaha!"

"There was only a glassful left in the pitcher, so as you soaked and squeezed and rinsed the stockings, the liquid became thick with seminal fluid and cunt juice. Clotted lumps floated to the surface. It was going to be a terrible concoction first thing in the morning! You place the glass in the fridge, and return to the bench. You pull out the first pair of stockings from the empty pitcher, and squeeze them out over my face. Then You proceed to soak them in the orange dye filling my mouth. 

Again, you use the rubber dildo as a plunger, slapping me across the face with it, from time to time. After several squeeze outs and refills of your piss to my mouth as it emptied, you decided the dye job was complete. You commented on their pretty color. You then threw them on the floor for me to deal with later. You put one finger on the side of my nostril to shut off my air. You waited until i was thrashing and struggling for air. You giggled as you pulled the tampon plug out from my throat opening. I was forced to swallow everything in my mouth in one big gulp, in order to get my first breath of air! 

"Hahaha! Very good, slaveboy. Its hard when you have to swallow it all so quickly, isnt it? Now for your final laundry duty. That lovely shit brown dye that only i could produce. Its a very particular color, isn't it? Don't tell anyone, but beets are my secret. Lots of beets, every day. Lends a very distinctive color and aroma, wouldn't you agree, slave?!"

If i could speak i would have agreed. I had always noticed the distinctive reddish color of your offerings. 

"Now, slut, do you think i can trust you to perform properly if i remove your mouth-spreader?" 

I nodded fervently. My lips and jaw were aching! You undid the strap from behind my neck and removed the wire claws that had been painfully holding my mouth open for you. You massaged my cheeks and jaw to get the blood flowing. Accompanied by several sharp slaps as well, of course! 

"Now my little bog troll, this next job is going to test your resolve and obedience. We're not going to use our drain plug. It will be up to you to hold the muck in your mouth until i give the order to swallow. Understood?"

"Yeth, Mithtreth." My lips were a little fucked up! You retrieved the second pair of stockings from the pitcher. You let them drip slowly all over me, in my eyes, hair, everywhere. Then as you spat and drooled all over my cock, you spent a while scrubbing them 'clean' on my clipped balls. The rough nylon was unbearably painful, and the action on my balls was agonizing! But i did bear it, as i so often do for You. Because the rewards that you give for obedience, are always very sweet and delicious! 

You mounted the bench again, and squatted over my face. I opened wide for you. I could see your anus twitching and opening. I could see your shit right there at the opening. 

"What do you see, slut? Get your tongue on my crowning log. That's right, you lick the head of it! Now you get your tongue right up inside my expanding shitter. Don't be a lazy bog troll now. Get right up inside! Mmm, thats right, now coax out my load. That's right, wriggle your tongue inside there and relax my muscles!"

Suddenly i felt your shit slide right across my tongue, filling my mouth in an instant! Kind of like a volcanic mud slide! Not there, and then suddenly there! You shifted forward and positioned your urethra right over the pile. You dribbled out a little bit of pee onto it. You took the dildo plunger and started mixing your pee into the shit. Little by little, with short squirts from your pussy, you mixed up a very thick sloppy mix in my mouth.

The smell was unbearable, and i almost vomited several times! But i knew the punishment for that, so i controlled myself. You placed the stockings in my mouth, and proceeded to mix them in with the thick shit and pee mixture, with your rubber clad fingers. You would pull them out from time to time and pull them through your clenched fist, to squeeze out the mix, again, all over my face! 

I could see now why you had placed the rubber sheets everywhere. I could only imagine how grotesque i must look! Finally you were satisfied that the stockings were as brown as they'd ever get. You placed them back in the pitcher and squirted a little more pee on them. Just enough to submerge them. 

"There we go. Now we'll let them steep till morning. There'll be an extra special sauce for your sausage breakfast, tomorrow! And a little cleaning job, first thing of the day, before we hang them up to dry, and add them to your wardrobe. Haha!"

You took the plunger, and swirled the thick, foul mix around in my mouth. You then squatted over my mouth again, and drained your bladder into it, overflowing my cheeks again. You swirled it into a more swallowable fluid. 

"All right, my boy, final act. You have performed sooo incredibly well for me today. I think i can add your laundering abilities to your resume, for the clients that i whore you out to, in the future. Your rewards will be sweet tonight! I am very proud of you. Now, you swallow this one last delicious mixture of mine, and your duties will be completed for the day. Open that slutwhore throat now!!"

I obeyed, as the last, final, thick, foul mixture of your shit and piss, slid down my throat! It was so thick that i started gagging and choking on it. I snorted some up my nose and then it was over! I began to throw up severely! After the first few belches, that came back down on my face, i was able to stop the convulsions. But far too late to avoid the repercussions of what i had just done! 

"You useless filthy whore! How dare you puke up my Goddess offerings! I thought your day was finished. Apparently not! You know the punishment for vomiting up my essences! Unfortunately, they have mixed in with all the days laundry activities, collected at the bottom of my rubber sheet! Therefore, you have quite a lot to consume to get rid of your mess!"

You released me from my rubber bondage. You picked up the hated cane. I scurried down onto the floor and began eating and drinking all of the foul mixture that had collected from my laundry duties, and my extremely disrespectful vomiting! 

"You lick that sheet spotless,slut!! And to help you along, i have your favorite maiden in my hand to spur you on! Eat!"

You deliver the first of many searing lashes to my upturned ass! You continue this until i have completely cleaned the rubber sheet. At the end, my ass and thighs and back, are bleeding from your strokes! 

"Now back to your cage, whore. I will think on whether you deserve any rewards tonight. You'll be lucky if i appear. If i don't, then we'll see you for breakfast! Haha!"

I crawl back to my cage. I shut the door and click on the padlock as You look down on me, teasing me with your perfect body. I curl up on my little mattress - beaten and humiliated! I so hope you will visit me tonight, and let me pleasure you for awhile. But, no matter what, i am determined to prove myself better... next laundry day 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Blushing slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





