BDSM Library -  Cock-Whore Training. 




 Cock-Whore Training. 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A slave endures forced-fem and long hours of training in the art of pleasuring The Cock, for Mistress' pleasure.






COCK-WHORE by Blushing slut


Its been 2 months since youve been training me to be Your cock whore. Ive been under lock and key the whole time. My cock and balls in a chastity belt and being caged daily, have been my lot. The only time you let me out to play is when you decide its time to stretch my ass open with another larger dildo, or that you wish me to service You sexually. 

When i am released, i have a half hour to prepare myself as sexily as possible for You. I have to make You want to fuck me, otherwise i get no attention at all. I love that you give me such a large wardobe to choose from! Today, i choose a very tight white girdle with garter straps, stockings and shoes to match and a very tight corset that, by leaving the laces undone, i hope You will cinch up for me very, very, tightly. A pretty auburn wig and makeup complete me. No panties of course, cock whores dont need panties, You've told me. Besides, You prefer me fully exposed at all times, so you can use me for your own pleasure and that i am always available for your torturous ways!

You are stunning, as always, and today You have Your new latex dress that a generous slave recently gave You. 
Today you complement me on my look - other times you have whipped me severely for looking too much like a little tart, and then sent me back to my cage. So i am so relieved that you find me appropriately sexy today. I can tell by the glazed look in Your eyes that i am in for a really good fucking. I have come to crave Your cock sooo much. I wiggle my ass in anticipation and position myself as submissively as possible, to seduce You into fucking me.

Not quite enough for You, though. You start by shackling me to the floor - You attach a leg spreader to my knees. To engulf my senses, and to keep me quiet, you take a pair of your worn pantyhose and stuff them in my mouth with the toes hanging out - duct tape secures them , and then You diabollically, much to my delight, stuff the toes of your stockings just up inside my nose, so that i can still breathe, but with every breath i am inundated with the scent of Your beautiful toes. Oh my god Mistress, i can barely hold myself back from becoming a thrashing little slut for You, but i contain myself and maintain the feminine poise that You prefer from Your slaves. You have trained me sooo well.

I am, at this point, panting in anticipation. Your scent has driven me into a dazy dreamy state. My cock is dribbling precum uncontrollably and i have messed up my stockings as a result. Bad news for me - you take your recently acquired pinwheel and proceed to chasten my cock with it. You also whip my thighs where the cum stains are on my stockings! I am quivering at this point and start to beg You to fuck me. I want Your cock so bad. My pleas are muffled, though, by your stockings in my mouth. The only thing you wish to here, are my squeels of passion when You finally grace my asshole with Your cock. You fuck me into a roiling frenzy - i am drooling in the sensation of being taken by you. Obviously, i have pleased you with my appearance. I thrust myself into each stroke from you. Muffled squeels and thankyous are all i can produce. I am in absolute heaven at being able to please You so nicely - Your breathe is getting ragged - You are pounding me harder and harder and i can tell that You are getting close to orgasm.

And then, like the beautiful wonderful generous Goddess that You are, You release me, and You position Yourself directly over my face, allowing me to tongue You to final orgasm. You flood me with Your wonderful juices, You then allow me to completely clean you up. Afterwards You give me a long and painful milking using a piece of sandpaper! But i love it! Its been weeks since Youve let me come and this attention from You is sooo appreciated.

However, in the end, You decide to ruin my orgasm by stopping Your attentions as You just hold my cock and let the cum slowly ooze out. But i have learned to love this treatment from You. Because i know that the only time You let me come is when i have truly pleased and entertained You. The smile on Your face is my biggest, biggest reward, as You return me to my cage to wait for the next days activities. I am so so devoted to You, my dear Mistress. You have given me pleasures beyond my imagination


COCK-WHORE Part 2 by Blushing Slut

After several months of training in the fine arts of being a girl, things have evolved considerably. You have been feeding me megadoses of estrogen which has begun to cause my hips to fill out a little,( aided by a 24/7 tightly laced rubber corset, of course ) and for the first time, last week, evidence of significant mounds around my nipples, making them protrude out more. Nipple clamps have also helped to sensitize them more to a Womans standard. After the rather painful waxing and shaving You gave me several weeks ago, i have been maintaining a daily regime of keeping all of my skin soft and smooth and feminine for You. You make me swoon most every moment now, my Queen. The feel of silk and lace and satin against my smooth skin all day and all night long, keeps me in a constantly dripping state - even in chastity.
There have been long daily sessions in cock worship and ass fucking, always with your strap-ons at the helm - something that was difficult for me in the beginning. But now, as i feel more and more the lure of Femininity, and knowing that i would truly please You and make You smile if i performed the ultimate female act of sucking a mans cock for You, i almost begin to crave it. To see if i can be sooo sexy as to cause a man, of Your choosing, to actually make him cum uncontrollably, and to make him reeeally desire to fuck my little slave cunt. I am at the point now, after months of Your training, and cock and orgasm control, that i truly wish to make You proud of me in front of your friends.
You have stretched my little cunt out quite nicely by gradually increasing the size of Your rubber cocks over the months. I feel i am capable of taking a good fucking from most of the average sized cocks out there, now. ( I hope You dont introduce me to a Monster on my first outing! )
Its the afternoon of the party you've arranged for this eve. You have layed out a gooorgeous array of vintage lingerie for me, with a beautiful shimmery silk skirt, 50's style pumps, and you have died my longish hair a beautiful henna red. You treat me like i'm Your best girlfriend going out on her first date. You spend awhile getting my makeup just right. You ooh and aah over my outfit - you let me choose between vintage lace or smooth, real silk stockings. I choose the silk. You've bought me a very slim, young girls satin bra that cups my little breasts nicely. You are smiling and giggling and giving me last minute tips on how to make the boys salivate. Your pleasure is infectious. Your smile is, i realize, all that i work for. I'm going to make You so proud of me tonight, and You are going to feel so good presenting me to your friends. You'll tell them that i was perfectly straight when You first took me on. But now look at me. Look at how beautiful and sexy i've become and how absolutely obedient to You i am. A snap of Your fingers, and a particular glance and i know exactly what You want, at every moment.
Soon , your guests begin to arrive. You keep me in the bedroom until everyone is there, and the party is rolling. I am nervous. What am i in for. You've told me little. You allow me several glasses of wine to relax me - its working - i just want to get out there and give your friends a good time.
You come in to the bedroom. You get me on my knees. You attach a viscious pair of ball clamps attached to a long leash and You lead me out into the room. Many of your friends look at me with delight in there eyes, much to my pleasure. One of your male friends comes over and runs his hands over my silk clad body. As ive been taught, i look for the bulge in his pants. Its there!!! I start to move as seductively as i can, always sneeking glances at You, Mistress, to see if i am acting properly, and not too much like a slut. I can tell i'm turning him on. I reach up and caress his mound. I see your look, your smile. i bring my lips up to his crotch and kiss his penis thru his pants. This one has become an easy mark. Maybe you knew that when you brought him to me. He cant help but curl his fingers into my pretty hair, and pull me in closer. I am giving him big wet kisses on his pants. You tell me to take him out. I do, and i immediately proceed to put all the months of training that you've given me into full effect. I know how to suck cock and make the man be turned on by me...my demeanor...my submissiveness...my obvious devotion and obedience to You, Mistress Nikki, are all exposed.
The man starts to treat me roughly, like a sex object. I already know that that is something that really turns You on, so i encourage him. I beg to have his come on my face. I pull up my dress and pull down my panties and undulate my hips, begging him to fuck me. I am actually kind of scared shitless. Never been fucked by a real man before. Never even had these tendencies before. But, i look over at You, my dear Mistress, and i look at the fun you're having with all of us, and i have this flashing bright desire to give you the most genuine gift of my submission to You. I have no fear now. You have trained me well for this moment and i want to show You how much i appreciate Your attentions to me. The 2 times that You have let me cum, in the last 3 months, have been mind and cock bending experiences. :-) Tonight , You have promised me another orgasm if i please You well. But, frankly Mistress, i so adore You that my first desire is to see You truly happy and pleased with me. My orgasm is secondary to Yours.
Two of Your Mistress friends have come over and have taken over the action. You are just reclining back and taking it all in. The whips come out - i am suitably chastened by them., They pull my little slut cheeks apart and guide in the delicious cock that fills my cunt. It hurts so much, i have to look at You only, as i submit to the beginning of the onslaught. I am so surprised to find out that the feel of a real cock is actually incredible! More flexible and fitting to the contours of my pulsing little ass cunt. It hurts, but the look in Your eyes makes it incredibly erotic and i have no other desire than to impale myself for You on the throbbing member! I am starting to thrust uncontrollably. You send another slave friend of Yours over and tell him to forcibly make me suck his cock. Now there is a symphony of cock plunging going on.! :-) You bring out Your whip and You proceed to direct us 3 males, all slaves as it happens, to give you and your girlfriends the best show ever! I am used over and over and over again. In the end i have cum oozing out of every orifice. You let your girlfriends toy with me for awhile, using me for their various pleasures. At nights end you come up to me and You give me a veeery sweet kiss on my lipstick smeared lips. The look in Your eyes and your lovely smile make me melt. You send me back to our bedroom with the promise of the most divine pleasures at nights end. I kiss You so passionately. I have never ever experienced such a deep union before with a Goddess who owns me like You do. My thighs are quivering. My breathe is shallow. My eyes droop submissively. You tell me to go fix my makeup and make myself pretty for You. I smile. You smile. Each of us feeling good in our place. I go back to our bed and wait for You. How i love to wait for You, Mistress... 

COCK-WHORE Part 3 by Blushing Slut

So after a long night of servicing your 3 male slaves and suffering the cruelties of your several Domme friends, You had sent me to the backroom to clean myself up and wait for You. I was in a complete mess - my outfit was splattered with cum and also pee, from one Mistress who had grabbed me by the hair, positioned my open mouth beneath Her, and released Herself into my mouth, mostly. But much of it had stained my white corset. I looked semi-halloweenish by the way my makeup was smeared all over my face. Id lost both my shoes at some point - my stockings were an absolute mess - most of the multi garter straps had been pulled off during the evenings frenzy. Only a few were left holding up them up. And they were also drenched in male spunk that had been shot up my ass and was still dribbling out and down my thighs.
I was just beginning to fix my make-up when i heard the door open and You walked in, not alone, but with one of the males that had plundered me several times that evening. You had a wicked smile on Your face as You spoke " So, my tasty little whore, you did perform well tonight, didnt you?"
" I'm so glad you think so , Mistress. I do feel such a mess though. Couldnt i clean up for you a bit?
" Be quiet, my slave. You're exactly the way I want you. Not only did you perform well as a cock whore tonight, but right now you sooo look like one,as well. Perfect for the next round. Oh yes, there's still more, my dear. The eve has not yet waned for you. I still have some uses for this other, lucky slave boy here. One of his redeaming qualities is his ability to spunk up to 6 times in an evening! I'm pretty sure you were'nt able to keep count, haha, but i certainly kept track of his spurts, and he still has a few left, doesnt he? " 
You glance over to the other slave. He reassures us he does. I start to squirm, my arse is quite sore and my belly seems full of cum. I dont know if i can take much more. I start to plead with You
" Oh Mistress, i am so sore down there, must i endure..."
" Yes, of course you must endure! If you want to please me completely, you will. Dont disappoint me now. I think we need a little time-out - a little reminder of just how much choice you actually have. Bring me my switch! Quickly! " 
You almost whisper the words. But, the look in your eyes punctuates your meaning, quite clearly. I almost run to get the implement. I bring it to you, quivering as i hand it to you.
" You know the position I like - assume it! "
" Yes Mistress, thank you for training me so well "
" Shush " You again whisper and smile at me. I see that familiar flush in your face just before you are about to make me squeel in pain. I alwayst excites me so much. When i see that look, i know i am about to be whipped far beyond my pleasure zone, into a realm of absolute surrender to You. Absolute obedience and devotion to You. And though my cheeks may bleed from the painful strokes, my heart, the centre of my submissiveness, bleeds with love and adoration for You, my Queen.
I kneel on the floor, legs spread wide, with my toes pointed and wiggling in the air, and my arse pushed as high up as i can. My head is turned so i can look into Your eyes with each stroke. Just the way you like me. I so often get lost in Your eyes when you are disciplining me. You know the power of your gaze. over me. How it connects me to you as my owner.
You subject me to 50 hard strokes, and by the end, i can barely maintain my position. Twice i failed to keep my toes pointed and receieved several strokes on the soles of my feet!
You walk around to me and lift my face up to yours. You smile. That smile that makes me feel so fulfilled and happy. I know i took the lashes well. Flinching and squirming less than usual. Perhaps i had an extra reason to make you proud of me in front of the other slave. But you are happy, which is what i work for, always.
" Now, where were we? Oh, yes, this poor slave here that I wish to make cum, twice more tonight! I havent taught you much about hand-jobs, have i my dear little slut. Well, you are going to kneel in real nice and close to this cock, and pay close attention. You will start the milking session by parting his foreskin with your tongue and giving little sucks to get him hard. Just on the head. You will be the mouth, and I will be the hand during this. You will always keep your face within a few inches of his cock. Is that clear? "
" Yes Mistress " I blush and lower my eyes - i cant believe that i am actually getting turned on by the things You want me to do to please You.
I dont care that i look like a whore, because i love being Your whore. I dont care that i dont like foreskins and wont like a faceful of cum...My only care, and biggest turn-on, is to perform well for You, and truly entertain your lovely twisted desires.
" You will watch my methods closely. No slave can resist my milking techniques. You will learn them. You will be giving him his second orgasm later on. Under my scrutiny. Learn well, slave, and i will take great advantage of whoring you out to my tranny loving male clients. If you can become the sexy little cock servant that i think you can be, i may never have to work again, from the money i'll be able to charge for you. And then think of all the rewards you'll receive from my extra available time. See how it works well for both of us? Now, learn your lesson well - pay attention. "
" Start by swirling your tongue under his foreskin, licking between the head and the flap. Thats right, now point your tongue and push back and then wrap your lips over the exposed head, and roll back the foreskin with your lips. Give quick, light little licks to the head as you're doing this. Lots of saliva is important, so make sure that you are constantly working at replenishing it in your mouth. Now increase the pressure with your lips and swirl your tongue all around the head. Clean off all the residue from the previous evenings fun. Haha, you are such a good little cocksucker, arent you? Look at how quickly you learn these new techniques..."
" I just want to learn everything that you like, Mistress. And do it so well for you."
" I know, my dear slave. Thats why you're one of my favorites. You so willingly and adoringly surrender to all my wicked desires. So far. You do please me greatly with your devotion."
" You make me so happy, Mistress! "
" Oh, and happier still, my sweet little sex slave. So much more for you to come. Once you've mastered the techniques of driving men wild for your services, we will move to the pleasure of Females. Something you'll no doubt enjoy more. Most of the time. But thats a while off. First things first - get your tongue back on him!" 
I obediently slip my tongue under his foreskin - i look up at him and bat my false eyelashes at him and wriggle my hips and arse. With my body language, I let him know that i am there to please him. Im pretending that he is a high priced client and that his fees are going to pay for the most beautiful crimson latex full length skirt and bodice that you recently saw. This vision helps to prevent me from gagging! Im getting quite good at putting aside my own revulsion for some of the acts i must perform. As long as i can see Your face, Your smile,Your smoldering,passionate eyes, i know i am capable of doing anything for You.
I lick and flick him, just like you described. You are starting to work on him with both hands. Squeezing and pinching his balls, raking your nails down his shaft, using my saliva to rythmically massage his penis. Most of the time You just make me watch, inches away. Then short periods of licking and sucking his head. Soon he is starting to buck his hips...
" Alright now, you wiggle that tongue of yours right up the inside of his cock. A cock sounding its called. Go on, stick it in as far as you can get! Oh, here he comes! Give it to me cum whore" You say to the other slave
" Open your mouth wide slave, get reeeeady, now take it, get used to it, its part of your job description from now on!"
You milk his cock to a final thrashing orgasm. You hold me by the back of my head and You make sure that i am completely covered in his cum - very little goes in my mouth - its in my hair, my eyes, my nostrils...everywhere! I feel so humiliated as the slave looks down at me and smiles. He tells me what a good liitle cock servant i am. I cringe actually
You turn and slap him hard on the face several times for being so mouthy. You tell him his services will be required in about 2 hours. You tell him to go get a bag of ice and stick it on his balls until then! He skulks away, obviously not looking forward to the next few hours!
You turn to me. You give me Your sweetest smile - the one that makes me melt the most.
" Lay down and relax now my dear slave. You have pleased me in so many ways tonight, You have surpassed yourself in many areas. Whippings, fuckings suckings...you are advancing well. Now lay down and i'm going to give you your favorite reward."
You snake Yourself onto the bed - You first let me sniff and lick Your panties. Then You pull them aside and You sit down on my face , smearing the come deep into my skin, as You allow me to worship and tongue your beautiful asshole as You cum all over my face. I am in absolute heaven. As usual, the rewards of serving You well, are always worth the hardship

COCK WHORE Part 4 by Blushing Slut

It was getting late. I should have been tired from all the afternoons preparations, and the extremely hard evening i had endured. Should have wanted to just curl up and relax into all the little areas of my body that were suffering their own unique little pains. My red and swollen and dripping asshole; my lacerated ass, penis, balls, thighs, back, feet, tummy, nipples, calves; and my little clitstick... it had swollen in its cage at least a hundred times, since this morning, so it was very sore, and in desperate need of a milking!

My balls had especially suffered their own torments throughout the evening. On top of the whippings, they had been abused with viscious clips, hot wax, heavy weights off a parachute harness, and numerous kicks! But i wasnt tired. I was electrified!

After You had given me my reward, You told me to go clean up and change outfits." We have some other matters to deal with,when I come back!" You said, somewhat ominously!
So,i only dared curl up on the bed for a few luxurious moments. I was drenched in Your cum! I still had the delicious taste of Your asshole on my tongue. And You had teased me while I was licking Your hole, by crowning just a little piece of Your shit, right up to the opening of Your anus, just enough to tease my tongue with!

All part of the slow transition into full toilet service, that You had been leading me into! You had been threatening me, with the fact that someday soon, You would bring me to the point of begging You, to be Your full toilet! Partly because i would learn what the alternatives were. One of which was to be placed in Your 'slave pennance glory hole' for days at a time. Nothing but cock and pussy to suck and drink, all day long. I would spend one day in 'the hole' as part of my indoctrination.

I lavished in my whorishness - my clothes completely disheveled, makeup smeared again,smelling like a cock hungry little bitch. Male spunk was still dripping out of my slit. I loved it. I loved my place with You. I had surrendered everything to You. I truly was Your Property now.

I had no idea what was in store for me next. There was still that somewhat frozen cock to be dealt with. I was hoping that You may keep me awake all night, servicing and pleasuring You. Even while You sleep,sometimes, You like to strap my head right into Your ass, so that my tongue can very slowly, and softly and delicately, lick and probe Your asshole, all night long. This is when chastity for me is the most painful, enduring a constant, caged, pinched erection! Not to mention the torture You inflict upon my cock and balls, with Your toes, and the soles of Your feet, if I start lagging in my attendance to Your beautiful brown hole. Ecstasy! And agony...

I got up, and went into the bathroom to clean myself up for You. A quick cold shower, a quick waxing, to several areas, more fresh makeup, and then over to the vanity to try and anticipate Your mood, with some appropriate clothing choices. I went for soft and servile: All pinks and blacks: soft black cotton stockings, with little 'slut' imprints all over them, a thin strapped pink garter belt, and a silky pink top. I delighted in my look, turning and viewing myself from all angles in the mirrors. 

I was beginning to understand more about the joys of being Female. And clothing was certainly one! All the soft sensual textures, wild colours. Something i'd rarely felt when i was a normal man not so long ago. You showed up just as i was ready for You. I felt happy, as a woman does, to be looking pretty for my owner. You came over and began to inspect me, running Your hands softly over my body. You fondled my balls, digging Your fingernails in deep. You tapped and flicked my caged cock. Your lips were at my ear.

"Do you want out of this little hell cage, my dear?" You purred.

"Oh god, yes, please Mistress. Please yes. I know i probably don't deserve it, but it is aching so much for Your touch!" I pleaded.

"Be careful what you wish for, slave. Sometimes better the torment you know, than the torment you dont! But I think your needs are clear and as usual, that little clitstick rules your brain. So yes, I will release you. Of course, unfortunately for You, it comes at a time when You will be paying for your evenings transgressions!" 

On that last word, Your demeanor changed. Your deep,dark hazel eyes looked right into me. You suddenly, in a split second, had reverted to my strict and stern Disciplinarian. I was immediately anxious, my brain raced through the evening, I had only been thinking of the high points of the night, where i was pleasing You so well. I had not been thinking of my failings. And i knew there were probably many! I surrendered to the knowledge, that You would be informing me of every little detail!

"Yes, several transgressions, My slave! Lets go through them: On three different occasions, I watched you spit cum onto my carpet!! " I cringed. "Making it quite evident, that you had a distaste for male spunk! Not a winning strategy if I want to whore you out to please my clients,is it? You need to remember your place. You need to remember who you're serving. You can bring Me in a lot of income, but to do that, you must always convince the client of how much you Love to suck cock, and eat cum! Understood?"

"Yes, Miss."

"Twenty strokes for each. That's sixty! And,in at least four instances, you resisted the advances of the men I had put upon you. Trying to squirm away, like a little rabbit! Very bad! That will be another fifty lashes! And overall, you did not pay enough attention to your appearance. You slowly degraded into a cum plastered, disheveled mess! You must always remember to keep yourself looking pretty. Constant checks to stockings, straightness of garments, keeping track of your shoes! " She glared at me, on that one "Any drooling cum from your orifices, anything that's clotting to your clothing, I expect you to scoop,and/or lick up, immediately! That way, you'll keep yourself looking clean and presentable, like a good girl should! Is that clear?"

"Yes Mistress, absolutely. I'm so sorry to have disappointed You!"

"I'll make sure you feel very sorry, little slut! For your sloppiness, I will add several implements to your punishing lashes. Namely, My sharpest pin wheel! My largest butt plug! The one that doubles as an enema nozzle. And that will be accompanied by the coldest, longest enema, I've ever given you! And you will hold it for the duration, or risk doubling the strokes. You WILL become my most favored little cock whore! You have the abilities, I'm going to make sure they reach full fruit! These punishments are to encourage you to become better. You will be happier when you are. So will I. But both of us, so unhappy if you fail. So set your mind to these tasks,slave, as you go through your punishment. I will make you better. You just focus on submitting to the pain. And to Me."

"Yes, Goddess. I'm so lucky that You train me so well!"

"Be quiet, little whore. Approach the cross! Face first."

I felt so dejected, more than the fear of the upcoming 110 lashes, amidst other tortures. I could only focus on the moment, in which i wanted to submit to each and every stroke without flinching, to hold the cold enema for as long as You wanted, and to show You how much i was willing to suffer all sorts of things for You. I had it in my mind that i would cry out to You, without You even asking, how much better i will try to be with Your clients, how much more attention i will pay to my appearance... i crawled up to the notorious cross, the station where i had received my most vicious punishments from You.

You were fingering through Your collection of canes and whips. I saw You pull out the four foot rattan cane, with the lead ball inserted in the end. I had always feared that one the most. But You had never used it on me, till now... I positioned my hands and ankles, waiting for You to shackle me down. I was glad that I at least looked pretty for You, and was determined to maintain my composure for You throughout the ordeal. I thought... 

You clicked the sharp cuffs onto me. You took four nipple clamps and attached one to each nipple, and two to my balls. You attached the four with two thin cords, that ran across my belly. You cinched them up tight, so my nipples were pulled down, and my balls up to them. You plucked them a few times, like a guitar string, to see if they were tight enough. They actually made a noticeable note! You then brought the enema butt plug up to my lips.

"Get it nice and wet and slippery, slut. Its the only lubrication you're getting."

As it happened my mouth was quite dry. Fear, perhaps, of the tortures to come? As you shoved the massive buttplug into my mouth, i could only imagine how it was going to feel being rammed, dry, up my ass.

"What's this?! No spit? What have I told you about always keeping a load of spit in that little whore mouth of yours! When you are in the vicinity of a cock or a strapon cock, your mouth should be salivating!" You hissed!

She slapped me several times," Fine. More lessons. You'll take it dry! But first, let's release that little clitstick."

She tugged on the cords to pull my balls up even higher! With the other hand, She slowly undid the clasps on the chastity cage. My cock almost burst out of the device! She started fondling me, which made me thrash my hips around in delirium, despite the painful tugging on my balls and nipples! She moved around,in between me and the cross. She took my cock and started rubbing it on Her bumhole. Then, She fully inserted it into Her Temple, and paused there. 

"Don't you move a muscle now, slut! Stop thrashing around! Now!! "

She yanked very hard on the cords! I stopped trying to thrust. 

"Now, you just hold yourself there, while My ass juices soothe your little clit!"

Mistress undulated Her hips very slowly, not allowing for any movement of my clit, in Her Temple. It was absolute torture! I wanted to thrust into Her, so badly, but i knew the punishment would be doubly severe, so i didn't dare. And cumming without permission, would be the worst offence of all. I almost began to crave the safety of my little steel cage. At least there were no accidents to worry about, while i was safely locked away. Crazy, i know. But i had suffered Mistress's punishments before, for losing control of my spurting cock! Vicious torments they were! All designed to convince me of the refuge of that little Hell cage, and to keep me chastened. 

You released the cords, with a snap. You very slowly slid Yourself off my engorged clitstick. It was glistening in Your juices, and was jerking around uncontrollably. You gave it several very hard slaps! I did my best to stay still.

You went to the fridge, and brought an enema bag out of the freezer. It had been pre-filled, and was almost frozen. I shuddered at the thought of it being forced into my ass. You hung the bag up, inserted the hose into the massive enema plug, and dangled it in front of my face. 
"Now seeing as your little whore mouth is so dry, perhaps I'll be kind and use some of that pre-cum oozing out of your little stick!" 

She wrapped her gloved hand around it, and squeezed out some drool onto the buttplug. She brought it up to my face and used my nose to smear my cum all over it! "There, that should ease things a bit."

You reached down and spread my cheeks open, and pushed the plug up against my asscunt. I couldn't relax quickly enough, though. 

"So we're a tight holed little bitch now, are we! Well I know how to get you gaping,don't I? 

"Yes Mistress, please help me relax my hole for You."

You started slapping my asscheeks hard with Your bare hand. Slap after slap, it went on and on until my cheeks were flushed and burning. Finally my little cunt relaxed, and submitted to the plug. You twisted it like a cork-screw, up inside me, fast and hard! It took my breathe away! I felt like i was being split in two by it! It hurt so much! I could see You reaching up for the spigot on the hose. You opened it fully,with one quick turn! I could not help but scream in shock at the freezing cold blast that shot up my hole! .


Cock-Whore Final Part by Blushing Slut

As You twisted the spiggot, the freezing cold piss, shot up inside me!
I screamed in agony!

"Ha ha ha, hows that my dirty little whore!? Think that's enough to clean out that dirty hole of yours?" You cackled wickedly! 

I couldn't answer, I was shuddering uncontrollably. My ass felt like it was on coldfire! You gave me the first wicked blast from the weighted rattan cane. It was a searing blast of pain! 

"Ahhhhh, oh Mistress! I'm so sorry for disappointing You! Please, that hurts so bad"!

"Answer the question,Slave!" You barked, with another hard stroke on my quivering cheeks! 

"Yes, yes Mistress, thank you for cleaning out my dirty hole! I think it's enough! 

"Good. Now you hold that for me, while I begin your corrections"

You took a few paces back. I braced myself as best i could, and pushed my ass up as high as it could go! I heard the first sickening swiping sound of the cane as it came down upon me. The pain was like a firebrand! You kept up with more vicious strokes! Whit! Whit! Whit! 

On and on. I was screaming out in pain from the very first blow! But that only seemed to spur You on, with even harder and faster strikes! Hot tears were dripping down my face, and I could feel the first trickle of warm blood streaming down the backs of my thighs! 110 of these I had to endure! Half way through, I couldn't support myself anymore. I had crumpled against the cross and was hanging from the steel cuffs around my wrists. 

You showed me no mercy! On and on, the vicious lashing continued! I was becoming mesmerized by the deep look of pleasure on Your face. You were flushed and sweating. Your eyes were wild, and on fire! The pain was somehow being pushed into the background, as i slipped into a deep state of absolute submission to You, my Goddess! Finally the lashes ceased. You ran Your hands over all the welts, blood trickling across your fingers. You brought them up to Your lips and licked one. 

"Mmmm, the sweet taste of submission! Do you think you will perform better for Me now, my little cock-whore?"

"Oh yes Ma'am. I will try to never disappoint You that bad again!"

"Oh, I doubt that, very much! We wouldn't have these fun sessions now, would we? There will always be reasons for corrective discipline. Won't there? 

"Yes Mistress, there will." I said through my tears. 

I hung limply on the cross. "Straighten yourself up now, one final task for you this eve, slave. Get in here!" You called out to the slave in the other room. 

The slave rather dejectedly crawled in, with the ice bag still hanging around his balls where You had secured it. You unstrapped the bag from him and brought it over to the cross. You opened up the enema bag and poured in the cold contents. You had a wicked smile on Your face. You undid my wrist cuffs, pulled the other slave over to me and positioned his shrivelled little cock in front of my face. 

"Now,cock-whore, get his erection back!"

I started sucking and licking and warming his cock with my mouth. It took some time, but finally i had brought him back to a fully stiffened state. You pulled his cock out of my mouth, and painfully tortured it with Your pin wheel, as i watched. 

Again, You released the contents of the enema bag up my asshole. It was still very cold, and i was now almost bursting with the fluids i was holding! 

"Allright,fuck-slave, get that worthless dick up her scrunt! Its going to double as an enema plug for awhile! And you,little cock whore, are going to hold onto all that liquid, until I allow you to release it, understood?! "

"Yes, Mistress" i gasped! 

You were stroking the fuck-whores cock, slathered in Your spit, keeping it rock hard.

" Now,cock-whore, I'm going to pull out that butt plug now, and I don't want to see a single drop of that enema fluid escaping! Got it? And you,fuck-whore,get ready!" 

You suddenly and painfully yanked the butt plug out of my scrunt! I could feel some of the fluid running down my thighs. I could see a brown stain seeping into the tops of my stockings! 

"I said Hold it, slut!" You barked, taking down a riding crop, and proceeding to lacerate my ass with several strokes! I cried out in pain, trying desperately to keep my sphincter shut tight! Then i felt the other slaves cock up against my scrunt-hole. You made him plunge it in quickly! It was almost a relief, being plugged again, and the cock was smaller and softer than the buttplug, so it actually felt nice, despite the continuing pain. 

You were using the crop on the other slaves ass, now. Whipping him into a deep fucking rhythm. Stroke after stroke, as he plundered my hole with abandon! I heard a pale being dragged on the floor, and placed between my legs. 

"All right,fuck-whore, pull out! But keep your cock in the firing line of her scrunt. And you, my little slut, can release now!" You said in my ear. 

Oh, it was such a relief to finally let go! I heard the fluid pouring into the bucket and I looked around to see the fuck-whores cock being drenched in my fluids! I could also feel the liquid pouring down my legs and stockings and puddling on the floor around my feet. I cringed at the cleanup duties i'd be performing! 

Finally, I was drained. All the welts on my thighs and ass were stinging from the enema fluid. You released my ankles from the cross. 

"On your knees now, slut! Now show me how well you've learned your hand milking techniques. Get to work on him!" 

I started working on his cock and balls the way You'd shown me. You started lacerating his ass cheeks with Your crop. I stroked and caressed him for the longest time, with no results. 

"Get your tongue on his head! I don't have all day! You give me your load NOW, fuck-whore!"

The slave started bucking wildly! Any moment now, I would have another face full of cum, for Mistress. 

"Give it to me!" You yelled, while viciously wielding the crop on his ass and thighs!"
" Nibble on his head, now!" You commanded me. 

I started biting his cock head, perhaps a little harder than You had ordered! You didn't notice,or care! Suddenly the first long streams of cum started jetting out from his cock, covering my face entirely. You slapped my hand away, grabbed the cock and ruined the rest of the orgasm by squeezing and slowly letting the rest of the cum dribble out. 

"Get your open mouth beneath him!"

You made the rest of his cum ooze out into my mouth. The slave was not so cocky, this time! He was suffering a ruined orgasm. I was glad. But I could tell that You were not happy with my first demonstration of my milking techniques. I had had to use my lips and tongue to finally finish him off. Id failed miserably! 

"Alright, cock-whore, get to your cage! I'll deal with you, later!"

As I crawled out of the dungeon and back to my little cage, I could here You viciously disciplining the other slave! A lesson in manners, I suspected. I crawled into my cage, curled up on my tiny mattress, and sunk into a deep sleep, surrounded in pain, from the wicked discipline session.

I was crushed that i had failed on my first attempt at hand-milking. I would try harder next time.

But I felt completely owned by You now. I was so happy to be Yours! I had found my true vocation, at Your feet. I was determined to learn all my lessons well, and to submit to everything that You wanted from me! 

I would be the best cock-whore You had ever had!

And that, would be another story... 

The End 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Blushing slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





