BDSM Library -  Stopping the Rebellion




 Stopping the Rebellion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Felina, a member of the rebel group called the Free Panthers, gets captured by the king's guards and is sent to the dungeons for interrogation. Will the interrogator be able to get all the  information needed to deal with those rebels once and for all?






﻿Stopping the Rebellion 
Introduction 
Here young man! I think you are not going anywhere with this heavy rain outside, so why don't you listen to my story? If you like what you are hearing, you can thank me by filling this mug of ale should my throat go dry. 

I'm going to tell you about an event that changed the Kingdom forever. Not everyone knows all the details. Only a few were privileged to witness the whole affair. It was so many years ago, I was quite younger, and somewhat careless. That gave the captain of the royal guards plenty of reasons to punish me assigning me the tasks that the rest of the soldiers tried to avoid. 

I was doing dungeon duty during that time, endless boring hours with prisoners that were too weak and hurt to even think of escaping. Days and nights with almost no light and smelling the stench of the urine and excrement. I was almost caught sleeping on duty when the captain along with several other guards came storming down. Luckily for me, they made such a noise that I was on alert before the door was opened. 

And there she was, a young female warrior whose muscular limbs were trying to break the thick chains that had been cruelly cinched around her joints. She was thrashing furiously like a trapped panther, her auburn, curly mane flaying around as she bucked and jerked in the hands of the three soldiers who were trying to carry and drag her to her cell. Her leather clothes were in tatters, offering me a clear view of her charms. Her naked legs were long, curvaceous and muscular, as were her arms. Her belly was flat with thinly delineated abs. But the most striking feature were her firm and proud breasts that I could often get glances at as they peeked from between the shreds of her leather top. Her eyes were firing fire bolts and she was growling like an tigress. Her teeth and gums were flashing in the dim light as she clenched them on the thick wooden stick that had been jarred like a bit between her jaws and bound behind her neck. There had been women in the dungeon before, old hags, fat bartenders, but never had I seen such a young and beautiful thing. Later I heard the details of her capture. Apparently her band of rebels did an attack on a squadron of guard, but luckily there was another squadron nearby who joined the fight. Several dead bodies from both sides, and some rebels who managed to escape later, the only prize they got was her. 

Of course, instructions were to bring any captive unharmed to the castle, otherwise you can bet those soldiers would have gotten their revenge right away on her. They left her under my watch and that of another companion. We locked her in a cell awaiting for further instructions. The soldiers had left her tightly chained as she had been during her capture and we were under strict order of not freeing her under any pretext. A thick collar was locked around her powerful neck and linked to the wall by a short and thick rusty chain. 

During half an hour I could hear her roar and grunt and rattle her chains as she rolled and bucked on the dank floor, which was sparsely layers with some stinking, rotten straw, still soaked with the previous prisoner's sweat and urine. I could not help myself from looking at her through the cell barred door and it was indeed quite a spectacle to see this furious beauty thrashing helplessly into her restraints, gritting her teeth on the thick piece of wood acting like an effective bit gag. Her sweat-glistening muscles were bulging as she was trying, to no avail, to break the chains. The more she struggled, the more her outfit got untangled and revealed of her fantastic body. Had she not been looking so dangerous, and she not been chained so tightly, I might have indulged myself with a piece or two of that girl flesh. 
1st of June, 0h00 - First session 
Not an hour had passed when the king Charles the Third himself was standing before me, wanting to see the prisoner. I cursed the not so great state of my uniform and the guard post. The captured girl had by now stopped her struggling. She had managed to sit up her chained body against the wall and was obviously trying to get some rest. With her arms cruelly chained behind her back and her legs criss-crossed with chain, it was not easy. The wooden gag was making her drool abundantly on her lower legs.


The king was followed by that fearful man, the one who did his dirty work down in the dungeon. Even when I spent a lot of time in his company, he seldom spoke,&nbsp; and didn't show any emotion. He just gave orders, cruel and inventive orders, on what could be done to the prisoners of that dungeon. No doubt this case was an important one, the king saw this as a great opportunity to get rid once and for all of the Free Panthers, as that band of lowlifes was called. Of course he needed any information&nbsp; that she could provide, and at that moment I had no doubt that soon we would hear her screams coming out of the feared torture chamber. 

The executioner, Hugo the Ugly as we called him, but not to his face, ordered us to get her out of the cell and into the chamber, even weighting less than half my weight at that time and being so tied and chained, it was not an effortless task. Each step she tried to kick, bite and swing and squirm. Finally we are in the middle of the chamber and she is thrown down on her knees.

He ordered us to hang her from her wrists. Not wanting to have a knuckle in my teeth, I first shackled her wrists to the chains dangling from a beam on top of the torture chamber, and then undid the rest of her restraints while my companion pulled the chain, raising her off the floor. She kicked in the air, I grabbed one of her legs and shacked a chain to her ankle, did the same with the other leg as she hit me with the chain of the dangling chain, I was expecting that to happen and just absorbed the damage, thinking on how she would pay for all that in the following minutes. my companion dragged a heavy rock with a hook embedded in the top, and we hanged it from the chains attached to her ankles. That finally managed to stop her struggles as her body was hanging taut.


Hugo decided to left her like that for a few minutes as he prepared the next part of her punishment. The female warrior was sweating profusely, her body stretched between the ceiling and her chained ankles. She was swinging slowly on a short arc, all her muscles taut. The wooden stick had been removed from her mouth but she was gritting her teeth in obvious pain as she fought the relentless stretching of her ligaments and joints. A soft moan escaped her constricted throat. 


"Now, the king wants to know when the next attack will take place, would you be so kind as to tell me?" asked the executioner in his monotonous voice.


The prisoner was hanging limply by her chained wrists. Sweat was dripping down her limbs and from her toes. She lifted her face and stared&nbsp; right into the executioner's eyes, and then slowly muttered some words: "Listen to me: My name is Felina. I don't know when the next attack will take place, but there is something I know for sure..." 

"And what is that?" Hugo asked, coming closer to hear her whispers better. 

"You are the ugliest pig the World has ever seen!" the Rebel said with a grin. 

Hugo started the session by using a long whip on her back. Even with all the weight of the stone, her body rocked under the force of each blow landing on her back. Her garments were being torn to pieces and falling to the floor, giving us a nice view of what delights were hidden below. With each lash, the captured warrior, who had called herself Felina, jerked and arched her body, spinning in mid air. Her unbreakable strength was able to lift the heavy stones and swing them around, before gravity took its toll and yanked her legs down. Each fierce lash forced a yelp through her clenched teeth, her face forming a grimace of pain. 

Her top now was in tatters on the floor of the chamber, he moved lower, the intention was to strip her naked in the most painful way possible, still it seemed to me that she was now playing the role of the weak woman, but we had seen her struggle just a few minutes ago, so we would not lower our guard.

A tattoo of a black panther could be seen on her left buttock as the rest of her clothes were torn from her body, leaving the skin unprotected for the next lashes. As the whip landed on her wood-hard buttocks, the lanyard hardly seemed to dig into the skin, as if it were whipping a statue. But the squirming and yelping of the girl was proving she was indeed made of flesh and nerves.


The torturer then moved to her front, and so did we too, so we could have a nice view of her body now with only a couple of rags covering her nudity. Her stretched position was stopping any attempt she could try to cover herself. The blows landed on her abdomen, going a little higher until at the end he was whipping directly her big round breasts. Felina was vainly trying to pull her legs up to protect her belly but the heavy stones were keeping her legs down. She hardened her abs as the whip curled itself around her waist. As it moved up her body, so did the poor girl's screams. Until now, she had been able to harden her muscles to fight the pain, but her breasts were helpless mound of girl flesh, unprotected, offered to the bite of the whip.

Her legs were next on the list, both front and back, the whip curling around them as it hit. The lashes brought new yelps from the chained woman. The whip was coiling itself several times around her legs, and when he pulled on it, Felina's body was pulled away from its equilibrium. It caused her to swing and spin a little more. By now, the Free Panther was panting and her skin was soaked with cold sweat. This only seemed to enhance the power of the sex appeal that was emanating from this female. I was already regretting I had not taken the chance to abuse her while she was in my power and still in a good shape. 

The executioner ordered us to change her position. Of course we were very willing to comply, and each one grabbed a leg, released the heavy stone, and pulled it forward until each one was placed against a post in front of her, thus spreading her legs and giving us a sight that lowly soldiers with the minimum wages could never afford from the women of the night. But such a beauty was to be destroyed soon. As the whip hit her between her legs, one could almost feel pity for her. Almost... because I was also remembering very vividly what the Free Panthers had done to former companions who had been patrolling the wrong part of the town at the wrong moment.


At the end of its vertical movement, the whip could be seen digging into the soft, unprotected, offered fleshy female mound. Her crotch was unkempt and covered with a thick bush of curly red hair through which the darker tone of her cleft could be seen. The whip crashed repeatedly into it, digging into the frail, nerve-saturated pad. The female warrior bit her lips and tried to remain silent, but the grimace that was contorting her face was revealing how much agony these blows were actually sending up her pain nerves. 

After that initial tenderizing, the rope from which her wrists were dangling was lowered to the floor, letting her laying face-up, with her outstretched legs in the air. We were ordered to fix her wrists to similar posts placed at the other side. Soon her body was forming a taut horizontal X of female flesh, hovering above the floor. Hugo then directed us to bring lots of things from a table: several wooden boards of different sizes pierced with holes, and metres of rope. The use of them I could not imagine, but I was sure we would soon watch them being used by an expert.


I was told to hold two narrow long boards on either sides of her left leg, as he tied a rope around it and passed it trough the holes. The same procedure was repeated with the other board. 
Soon with great strength some of the elite guards would envy, he pulled on the ropes, bringing the planks close together, crushing flesh against bone. The Rebel gritted her teeth and shook her head from side to side as she felt the planks press against her skin and grinding it against her knee bones. 

He then asked us to hold a square one under her back as he placed a similar one over her abdomen and also tied them close together. Felina's reaction was rather funny. We had not tightened the rope as we could have. I knew that it was possible to compress her abdomen to a much greater extent, but obviously she did not know it. She began to moan piteously although it was so obvious she was faking. This girl was much smarter than some of the peoples we had dealt with. She wanted to manipulate us. She wanted to earn time to save her companions. It would be quite a tough nut to crack.

After the torturer had her crushed between the planks, he asked me to fetch a bucket full of water, like the one we used to clean the cells -- once in a while at least, when the smell was too strong -- while the other guy was tasked with grabbing her head and pinching her nose. I was the lucky one as the cat could still bite. And indeed, as he tried to part her jaws, she managed to bite her fingers so hard that we had to force her teeth apart with a dagger in order to free him! His hand was dripping with blood! However, in the end, a funnel was forced into her mouth and fixed with a strap around her neck. It was also fixed to the vertical posts where her arms were held, so as to keep it immobilized. The rebel was now totally helpless and she could hardly move at all. Only her roaring and glaring could express the rage she was feeling. I pinched a powerful clamp on her nose, forcing her to breathe through her gaping mouth. She was now doing funny sounds with her mouth, as every gasp and sigh got amplified by the big copper funnel.


By now, even if the girl wanted to speak, she could only utter garbled speech. Later, even that was made impossible as the bucket of filthy water was emptied into the funnel. It was a big funnel. It could hold about half a litre of water. She was forced to empty it before she could take another breath. Obviously, the bitch had been expecting that and, just before Hugo poured the water, she had taken a deep breath. Then she swallowed the water as fast as she could, until the funnel was empty. Just as she was trying to breathe again, Hugo poured a little more. She breathed water, it got into her lungs and she began to cough madly, the sound amplified and deformed by the funnel. It was both funny and horrific to see how she was trying to recover her breath and to break from her restraints. The posts were creaking under her powerful efforts. 

Once her coughing had half settled, Hugo filled the funnel once more. This time, she had not been able to fill her lungs completely, and she was still coughing from time to time. Her eyes bulged as she gulped the foul water down, her face showing the anguish of choking. I was sent to retrieve another one, and another. Later I started bringing two buckets on each trip instead of one to save me some trouble. Hugo kept filling the funnel, only allowing her prisoner a few instants to breathe before cutting her air supply again. It was obviously harder and harder for the poor girl to swallow more water. Her stomach was full, and her belly was prevented from stretching by the board-press. 

She was clenching her teeth on the mouth of the funnel, as if she could close it. And indeed, her jaws were so powerful that the funnel took an oval shape. It was far from sufficient to block the water from pouring in, however. Her eyes were bulging out, her body was covered with a sheen of perspiration and a strong smell of sweat was coming out of her straining body. The lack of air, the pain and the anguish associated with these tortures were taking their toll on the Rebel. In spite of her strength and resistance, she was getting overwhelmed. Her stamina was bleeding away. 

By now it seemed impossible for her to get more water inside her body, and the wooden boards were making it more difficult. I could not believe it when the torturer made us bring a very heavy rock slab and place it over the plank. It was difficult for two men to lift, one can only imagine what would feel like to hold it with a bloated stomach while hanging from the limbs. We placed it as delicately as we could. The Rebel's body took the added weight progressively. Her eyes began to bulge. She vomited water. Her limbs were stretched and she began to moan and gasp, unable to breathe, her bowels crushed and her joints elongated. And suddenly it was too much. Her body suddenly got limp and her eyes turned up, showing only the white ball.


Less than one hour had passed and already the female warrior had been plunged into unconsciousness. She remained out for one hour before we were able to revive her. 

Hugo ordered her to be left alone in her cell for eight hours after which the interrogation would resume, he seemed so frustrated with the turn of events that we just locked her and shackled her neck to the wall, no matter how much I wanted to inspect her body for broken bones or wounds, if you know what I mean. I didn't want to risk enraging the cruel man. Our prisoner remained still for most of the time. At first, she slept easily. After a few hours, the cold and the wetness of the cell, the tightness and the weight of her chains seemed to be increasingly difficult to bear. She kept turning over and over, sleeping for short periods before waking up covered in icy sweat and screaming during her sleep. Still, the rest seemed to calm her anguish and to rest her exhausted body. At the end of the eight hours, she looked stronger and in much better shape.

1st of June, 10h00 - Second session 
Of course all that time we were not idle playing cards, for the interrogator wanted everything ready for the next session, and we moved a very heavy metal horse right in the middle of the chamber. The King must be putting great pressure in obtaining information as soon as possible from her, so, in the morning, Hugo stormed into the wardroom telling us to go retrieve her to resume her interrogation.


We tied her wrists behind her back, even if she looked hurt, she also seemed to be a good actress and I sure didn't trust her. The rope from her wrists was tied to another passed over one of many pulleys hovering in the middle of the chamber, and has he hauled her up, I had the luck to be tasked with grabbing her legs, and separate them so she was astride the metal ridge of the horse. She was then lowered, I had a nice view of her labia being parted by the rough metal as it pushed her in the middle. The rope was fixed so she could not fall down from the horse. Also her feet were shackled together with a short chain under the belly of the metal device. 

The rope was keeping her arms high behind her back and forcing her to bend forward somewhat. As soon her weight rested on the metal horse, she began to moan softly. She yanked a few times on her chained ankles, trying to separate her legs, to no avail. Then she tried to lift her legs and see if she could find some support for her feet to lift her weight from the horse. But the chain quickly banged against the bottom of her device and she was left with no other choice but to remain sitting upright on the horse, her face grimacing with pain.


Decided to make her talk, I saw as he pushed a small stool next to the victim so he could be at her height, and held a pair of narrow wooden canes. They were too pierced with holes through which several ropes passed. He placed them above and below her generous breasts. I offered my help and he let me hold each of those orbs as he tightened the ropes, constricting the flesh between the wooden pieces. They bulged and started to change colour. But he was not done yet. The ends of the ropes were tied to another rope that went up to a pulley fixed in the ceiling, and it was pulled until she was unable to move by an inch, while exactly measured so that the pressure on her crotch was not diminished. 

Felina looked at her bulging breasts with an unbelieving look. Her mammaries were swelling and turning purple. They got very taut and her aureole seemed to spread over them, while her nipples were flattened. And the more time passed, the bigger they grew. She was wincing and grimacing from the pain it was causing to her. Her body was now taut, stretched up by her breasts. When she lowered her head, she could have licked her breasts! It was a stunning sight!

The coals we had patiently kept burning while she was resting, as ordered by Hugo, were now put to good use. A small door in the horse was opened and a shovel full of red hot coals placed inside. Soon the heat started to propagate, and the device started to burn the parts of her flesh in contact with the metal. Her legs and specially her crotch felt the bite of the fire. Felina had been concentrating on remaining immobile, as each movement caused more pain to her vulva. It was crushed under her own weight and there was no way she could avoid that pain. But now, as the heat was slowly building up, it was increasingly difficult for her to remain still. Her inner thighs began to hurt first, then her crotch. She began a slow rocking motion, back and forth, as delicately as she could so as not to hurt too much her already sore labia and perineum. But it was enough to vent them, to refresh them enough to lower the pain from the heat.


The intense heat was making her liquefy in sweat. It was forming rivulets all around her fantastic body. It was also obviously making her dizzy. She looked weaker and weaker, on the verge of passing out. In spite of that, Hugo pushed on. He started rubbing and pinching her nipples. I would have loved to suck those beauties before they were disfigured, but here was not a place of pleasure nor a time of leisure. There was a job that had to be done. When the torturer's ministrations had made the nipples rock hard, a task made easier by the coldness of the dungeon, he pierced a pair of hooks through them. Yes, right through the flesh! You should have seen how the bitch was screaming when her flesh was transfixed! She was yanking on her bound arms and kicking her feet. Her struggles were weak though. I thought she was going to collapse on the spot. A fine chain was dangling from the hooks, connecting them. Hugo hanged an iron ball to it. It must have weighted about one kilogram. Imagine the weight of this jar, filled with ale to the rim... as it should be if you don't want my voice to become too hoarse to continue this story... Yes, thanks!... Imagine this weight dangling from the tenderest flesh of this lady! Those were not feeble, floppy boobs, I tell you. Even unmolested, they were as big as my two fists, and as firm. Trapped as they were between those sticks, they had swollen to the size of melons, and as taut as them! But now, this ball of iron really pulled them down, stretched her long nipples to a incredible length. Now she was screaming. It almost pierced my ear drums. But it was not long. It was too much for the poor girl. She collapsed, unconscious, held upright by her bound arms and her hanged breasts. 


This time we didn't take her to a cell, but chained her to the four posts in the chamber. The chains were loose enough to allow her some movement, but she could not bring her limbs together to try and escape. 
She was left there for nine hours, enough for us to take a nap while leaving other guards on the shift. It also meant I wouldn't miss any of the action as I was back on duty before the next session started.

1st of June, 19h50 - Third session 
She did not know it, but outside, the sun was low on the horizon. She had already spent nearly 20 hours in Hugo's claws. To her, it must have felt like 20 days! When I came back to the chamber, the prisoner was awake. She was laying on her back, loosely spread-eagled. We had not allowed her any straw and her skin was right on the cold, damp stone of the floor. Naked, covered with cold sweat, she was shivering. The heavy chains that had been shackled to her ankles and wrists did not let her move by more than a few centimetres. She had long ceased to struggle against her bonds and was merely resting, trembling from the cold. A pool of urine could still be seen between her thighs. 

We unchained her form the posts and put her face-down on the floor, her arms tied behind her back, her legs bent and fixed to the same rope her wrists were tied with. Hugo lowered a rope from a ceiling pulley and tied that mangle to it. Then we were ordered to pull on that rope, raising her body by twisting her back and limbs. Felina's legs and arms were pulled higher and higher, bending her back into an arch. Her breasts, still somewhat swollen from their previous treatment, were the first to leave the cold floor. Then her knees followed them in the air. Then her hip bones. Her spine assumed an even more severe arch. Finally, her stomach hovered above the ground. She began to spin slowly as we were pulling hard on the rope to lift her higher. Her face contorted in a grimace of pain. The bending of her back was obviously causing her incredible agony. Her mouth was gaping wide as she was trying to breathe, something that seemed to be difficult, with her diaphragm pulled so taut. 

Once she was hanging about one metre above the floor, Hugo came back with a huge meat hook. I was thinking he was just going to hang her like raw meat at the abattoir, but this one had a rounded ending. I was ordered to spread her strong buttocks, discovering her tight anus. You would not believe how strong and firm her ass cheeks were! I really had to apply all the strength I could muster to part them. My fingers seemed to press against wooden balls instead of meaty, fleshy globes. But anyway, I managed to part them and Hugo quickly shoved the hook up her rectum. I could clearly see her anus widen to let the intruder inside. Lost in her pants of agony, the prisoner did not seem to feel it. I was then told to pull her hair and tie a knot of rope to it, like for a ponytail. I handled the end of the rope which he pulled hard and tied to the end of the hook deeply embedded in her body. Once again, in spite of this, Felina seemed drown into the agony caused by the arching of her back. 

Hugo went to a cabinet and came back with another device. He walked in front of Felina so she could clearly see what would happen next. I had seen this thing before, but never had I witnessed its use. It was a pear, made of metal, and with a handle at the pointy end. The torturer demonstrated how the pear expanded when he turned the handle. We were glad it wouldn't be inside our bodily orifices when it happened. As for the rebel girl, she was about to experience the worst fuck in her life. 


I really wished Hugo would ask me to help him insert that tool, but instead he only tasked me with smearing a lubricant over it. I put my hand inside the jar he had given me and started spreading the oily substance all over the metal pear. I had not yet finished when my hand began to itch. After about one minute, I had to go wash my hands as they were burning horribly. He could have warned me! But I preferred not to argue with him. Instead, I returned fast at his side to watch the torture device as it was inserted and its handle given a couple of turns. 

Hanging in this horribly contorted position, the Rebel could not see what was being done between her thighs, although she probably a good idea of what was going to happen. She clasped her thighs together desperately. However, I had no difficulty prying them open, parting her knees as far as I could. Hugo slid himself between them and then she was helpless. She tried to close her legs but his body was stopping them. He had the most perfect view on the warrioress' crotch. He pressed the fattest-end of the pear against the entrance to her vagina and pushed it in. Thanks to the oil I had coated it with, it entered with little effort. Of course, she was trying to keep it out by clenching her inner muscles but those were much weaker than Hugo's arm. He pushed the device until only its handle protruded from between her lips. 

From the moans she uttered, I understood that the oil's irritant substance was already beginning to affect her frail, wet membranes. But the real show began as Hugo turned the handle, spreading the three folds of the pear. At first, she tried to show a blank face, but soon the agony was too much and she screamed like a banshee and jerked like a cut-off worm. Hugo had to retreat away from her legs as even the strictness of her bondage could not prevent her from kicking her knees quite violently. She thrashed like that for several minutes, swinging and spinning at the end of the supporting rope. She was even able to lift her body a couple of centimetres! And all along, she was howling in pure agony, her face turned towards the ceiling, screaming to the top of her lungs. Her muscles were bulging under her glistening skin as she tried to break her restraints. Whenever her spinning made her crotch facing me, I could see the pear handle moving a little as she tried to expel it. In vain, of course as it had been expanded to too large an extent. A reddish, oily substance was drooling from her cunt in long, viscous threads. So frantic and violent struggles could not be kept for long though. After a few minutes she began to tire, and although the pain could still be radiating from her panicked eyes, her bucking and jerking got weaker. 

Seeing how her feminine charms seemed to be the ones to bring the best responses, Hugo returned with a pair of small clamps. As if to make up for the incident with the jar of fiery paste, he told me to bring her nipples to erection, order which I complied with great eagerness, gently pulling and pinching on them. He had to tell me that it was enough. Then the tender, nerve-rich pieces of flesh were bitten by a pair of clamps, which crushed them flat. This revived her howls and grimacing, extirpating new energy from her exhausted body. Then he hooked the heavy balls she had already met in the previous session. The twin balls, swinging under her body, pulled her breast in the form of a cone.


The girl seemed to be in extreme agony. Hugo chose this moment to yell at her, "Give me the date of the next attack!"

For a moment, it seemed that the Rebel was about to break. She was facing me at this moment and I could read utter despair in her tear-filled eyes. Her lips trembled. She was about to talk. But then something changed. He stare hardened, she clenched her teeth as if she were barring the way to the words that had been inching their way out of her mouth. 

"Go to Hell, pig!" she uttered in a weak, hesitant voice. 

Hugo grinned and his hand slowly reached for the handle of the pear. His eyes fixed upon those of her victim, he gave it a few more turns.

Anguish and agony seemed to pour out of her eyes. Her whole body clenched and a long scream deafened us as the pear spread further her already over-stretched vagina. She was now trembling heavily. She was obviously on the verge of talking, but also on the verge of passing out. Her lips began to move, forming mute words. And then she spoke, in a feeble, croaking voice.


"Aaaaaaagh! I don't know anything! Pleaaase! Stop that horrible torture!!!"

Hugo knew he was standing on the thread between failure and success. He had to be extra careful. He moved his hand a little higher towards her abdomen, parted her labia, reaching for the clitoris. He then pinched it between his thumb and forefinger, as a taste of the method that would follow next. Felina's eyes grew wider, bulging out their sockets... and then turn up. Her body fell down by five centimetres as her muscles suddenly relaxed.

Her reaction was hard to judge, as she suddenly felt silent. It seemed so improbable for her to faint from so light a touch. But either she was an excellent actress, or she really was out cold. It was the first time I saw an emotion on the executioner's face. He was so angry that we were afraid of what he would do. But in the end he only said, "Release her and send her to her cell", and on these words he left the dungeon. 

We took our time to remove all the devices from her intimate organs. She did not even wake up when we lowered her face-down on the floor and dragged her to a nearby cell. After two hours of unconsciousness, a splash of water brought her back to her senses, but it would take a while before she was sent back to the chamber.

2nd of June, 2h20 - Fourth session 
We gave the girl something to eat and drink so she regained some of her strength. Of course, I didn't want to eat the stale food they gave to the prisoners so I made a trip to the kitchen. Luckily, I returned on time for the next session. Only four hours later, Hugo came back and ordered us to bring back the Rebel to her fate. He was decided to press all the juice he could out of her suffering mind, even if it meant destroying her magnificent body. It really seemed this man was totally lacking pity, empathy or even sexual instincts. To him, this gorgeous girl was nothing more than a piece of meat from which he had to extract some precious oil. 

She was lying on the floor as we brought a heavy set of wooden stocks. It was quite long and was pierced by five orifices of various sizes. The middle one was closed around her neck, the two next to it were for her wrists, and the more external ones were for her ankles. We had to bend her legs and body to an unnatural posture and then we pulled her feet apart to make them fit in place. She was on her back and this lewd position left the area between her legs completely exposed to the three of us. We couldn't help but to keep staring at her exposed feminine parts. I was awoken from my daydreams by the order to tie the stocks to ropes coming from the ceiling. The we hauled her up until she was dangling in mid-air, with her navel at about eye level. It was obvious which area Hugo intended to focus on now. 

James, my companion at that time, was ordered to bring another pear and lubricate it with the special paste, of course he had seen me scratching my hand last day and was careful when he applied it. This pear was to be inserted in the brown orifice of her anus, once inside it was turned a couple of times.

Again, she began to scream in the most terrific way. She struggled against the stocks, to no avail. And then she felt silent. I saw her concentrating, the muscles of her jaws clenched hard as she strained all her willpower into blanking her mind and resisting the pain.

He needed something to bring her over the edge of resistance, and he did so by using the same clamps he had used on her nipples on a previous session, only this time they were used on her labia, he tightened them very slowly, not wanting to have her faint again so soon. She gritted her teeth but remained mostly calm. Big beads of sweat were rolling down her temples. Next came the iron balls with a chain, this time a smaller size.

Her labia were stretched to an incredible length and for a moment I was afraid they would just be torn from her vulva. But that bitch was young and her skin was elastic. Her labia stretched so thin, that was amazing. And I must say that they never recovered their former length but kept dangling between her thighs, five-centimetre long. She was screaming and shaking her head from side to side, and even banging it against the pillory board.


"Still don't want to talk?" he asked 

Her teeth clenched tight, her eyes narrowed into slits, sweating profusely, she shakes her head no. 

He inserts another pear in her body, this time in her vagina, he waits to check her reactions before turning it open. This time lubricated with regular fat.

She howls and struggles in utter panic. She knows so well what this thing can do. She begins to tremble and cry. She is totally broken this time.


"I... I...'ll speak! Please, please, remove that thing!!!! I can't bear it!!! Oh, pleaaaaaaaaaase!!! I know when the next attack will occur... It's on the 13th of June! Please, now remove that thing!!!!!" 

"Bullshit! you try to fool me? you will make an attack on the day before the military parade where all the soldiers are on the street and armed?" His hand goes to teh handle of the pear, but he does not turn it yet.


Felina's face turned white. She had tried to lie and she had been discovered. She could feel her torturer's hand on the pear handle, ready to make it flower inside her cunt. She could not bear the idea of feeling that pain again. 

"Noooo! That's right! I have lied. Actually, the attack will happen on the 12th, at 23h50! Please, stooooooooooop!!!!" she said frantically. 

He extracted the pear instead of turning it open, and also closed and extracted the anal pear. The exhausted girl was lowered to the ground, still in the stocks, and we dragged her to the nearby cell, without freeing her from the stocks. We joked about the guys from the other shift finding out the hard way that her orifices were coated with an irritating substance. We were ordered to come back twelve hours later to see if more information could be extracted from her. In all my career, I have never seen a prisoner receive such undivided attention from Hugo. I guess the King really was really infuriated against that rebel group.

2nd of June, 14h50 - Fifth session 
"Feeling more cooperative today?"


In spite of the certainly horrible night she had spent, she looked rested and stronger. After the first guard had found the hard way what substance was filling her holes, they had washed them thoroughly with filthy water and then they had enjoyed long hours of rape. When we arrived, we found her dripping cum from all her holes, and her body smeared with it. Still, in spite of her terrible look, she glared at her and only spat in reply to Hugo's question.


From her cell she surely would have heard all the movement in the chamber. We had pushed a very heavy iron chair to the center and its spiked surfaces were now waiting for her. 
She was forced to seat on it. All the fight she could give only served&nbsp; to hurt her more by grinding her flesh against the spikes. Once she was firmly seated, I closed a pair of metal straps, one over her thighs and one over her abdomen. A third one around her neck fixed her head against a wooden headrest at the top of the chair. 

She started to kick, but we managed to grab each a foot, and placed them inside a pair of rings on the legs of the chair. Her wrists too were soon fixed to the arms of the chair. 
The seat of the chair was hinged, and Hugo fixed it in an horizontal position. He started to smear lard on her feet, while I was asked to push a bed of coals in front of her, just under her soles. 

At first she tried to remain calm, as if she was not feeling the heat, but soon it got too much, and as blisters began to appear on her soles, she was shaking her feet in all directions, trying to evade the unbearable heat emanating from the coals. While the heat made its work, he decided instead to attack another place, and he started pushing long needles under the nails of her immobilized hands.

"When you decide to tell me the password you use to recognize among members of your criminal gang, the pain will be over".


He then produced several long needles. Those were intended for her breasts. Beforehand, he removed the coals from under her feet and instructed me to use a cane on the sensitized soles. Her soles were red and covered with ugly blisters that seemed to be still bubbling. When my cane landed onto them, the blow made them explode, projecting their pus around. In the mean time, Hugo was busy pushing the skewers into her breasts, while she squirmed all her body trying to move her breasts away from his hands. However, with her chest strapped to the back of the seat, she could not move much and the tortured had little difficulty pushing the skewers through her flesh. He began with a skewer shoved horizontally through the base of her right breast. It pierced the globe of firm flesh from side to side, its tip protruding out on the other side. Felina was now screaming to the top of her lungs. As the pitiless man added skewer after skewer, transfixing the base of her breasts with four each, the Rebel was arching her body and yanking on her restraints in pure agony. 

Once he was done with her breasts, Hugo pushed needles under the nails of her toes, just as he had done to her hands a few minutes before. I was wondering how she could resist all these tortures. She would surely be ready to continue talking. Indeed she was looking totally broken. Her body was like a hedgehog, with needles protruding from her breasts, toes and fingers. She was crying and moaning continuously, and her skin was soaked with icy sweat. Her lips were trembling. Her lips began to move, and then, once again, she collected herself, took a few deep breaths and then seemed calmer.

"Talk, you damned bitch!"


As a reply, she only spat at him.


Furious, Hugo brought the flame of a candle under the needles protruding from her fingertips. Slowly, they began to heat. Felina was moaning and crying as the heat propagated against the sensitive flesh under her nails. A foul smoke was puffing from them. She was desperately trying to move her fingers about, but it was not saving her from the fiery contact of the red hot needles. 

"Speak now!" 

"I won't tell you that! That would mean the death of all my sisters!"

"Death is what you will be begging for, unless you tell the truth"


The candle was moved now just under her breasts, to heat the long skewers deep inside them. They too became red and the smell of burned flesh filled the air. The Free Panther was looking at her boobs from the corner of her eyes. The showed sheer horror. She knew that each of her breast was going to show eight burned spots for the remaining of her life. The pain she was feeling, deep inside their feminine flesh was atrocious. Her eyes were bulging out. 

"Nooooooooooooooooo! Stooooop!!! I talk!!! Ow, please, stop that! You are destroying my breasts!!! Listen: here is how we recognize each other: we rub our nose while blinking at each other. Please, stop torturing me. I've said everything I know!!!"


I didn't believe it, as it sounded like the code salute of a group of children instead of the secret code of a rebel society, but Hugo wanted to relay that information as fast as possible. At least I was relieved that I was not tasked with verifying the information. In the best case, the guy would get a strange look and a laugh, but more probably, it would mean a knife into his back. 

The poor girl looked devastated. She had not been in Hugo's claws for two days and already she had revealed two crucial pieces of information about her clan. She looked as if she wanted to die. 

Of course the removal of the needles was not painless. Her flesh seemed to clutch on the skewers, causing as much or even more agony&nbsp; as when they had been placed. Then she was half-walked half-dragged to her cell. Hugo gave us our next day off. Now that he knew when the next attack would take place, there was not much need to hurry and risk losing such a valuable prisoner. Unless notified before, we were to return on duty after 24 hours. When I walked out of the dungeon, it seemed the news of the prisoner had spread along the barracks, as there was a long list of volunteers to take good care of her before the next torture session. 
3rd of June, 16h50 - Sixth session 
A completely restored Felina was brought back to the chamber. I almost felt pity for her, and prompted her to answer the questions quickly, but then I remembered what had happened to the man sent to infiltrate the rebellion, using the information she had revealed us. His genitals had been cut from him, his head had been entirely shaved and he was sent back to us, stark naked, with his own cock tied inside his mouth and a cow bell strapped around his neck. We had received strict orders not to tell her about that, as it could improve her morale to know the mess she had caused.

We threw several bucketfuls of water at her. She was really stinking. The prostitutes that usually attended the royal guards had probably taken forced vacations as their services had been provided by our Panther. I have to confess that I would have partaken in those sessions, but she was in too much of a mess when I came back to really care for it. She really was in a disgusting state, dripping cum from all her holes and crooks. Perhaps another day I could have her for me alone.

She was greeted with several slaps to her face done by Hugo. Her body swayed with such force that we had a hard time holding her still. However, with her hands tied behind her back she could not do much to defend herself. We placed her on a wooden frame, face up, wrists tied to a windlass at the top, legs spread open and held in wooden stocks at the other end. He separated her knees and tied them to the sides of the table by means of thick leather straps. Another strap above her abdomen fixed her in place, her thighs forming almost a 180-degree angle. She had tried to struggle as we had restrained her on the rack but we found that she had lost much of her fighting spirit already. The 24 hours of constant rape, added to the cruel tortures she had been subjected to were probably beginning to take their toll on her stamina, as well as on her self-esteem. My colleague and I only received a couple of scratches as we tied her down. In a sense, I felt sad to see such a powerful girl being so much reduced. She had once make us all trembling and scared to face her, and now she was but a helpless piece of female flesh for anybody to use and abuse. I was even wondering if I would find her as desirable once we would have completely broken her, body and soul.


But it is not in a Guard duty to make philosophical reflections. I was soon extracted from my thoughts by her moans as Hugo inserted two hooks through each of her labia. These were pulled to the sides of the table and also held in place there with ropes. Her cunt was wide open, like a flower. Her labia were stretched as far as their elasticity allowed it. It left the inside of her vagina in plain view. I can tell you, however exciting as sight as it was, the smell that was coming out of this abused hole came quite like a shock. It was painful&nbsp; just to look at, so imagine what it should have felt like to her!&nbsp; 

Hugo grabbed a metal capsule between his hands and smeared it all over with grease. He then opened it and ordered me to drop into it a red-hot nugget from the bed of coals. Once I did it by means a pair of pincers so as not to burn my delicate finger pads. Then the capsule, which was slowly warming up, was closed and shoved up her anus. It was funny to see how desperately she was trying to keep her sphincter closed. Hugo had to push hard with both thumbs in order to break her resistance and push the hot steel egg as deep in her bowels as he could. At first, it was obvious that it was mostly her pride that had been wounded, but then, as the coal was transferring its heat to the greased hull, she began to moan and then to scream. Her rectum burned from inside and there was nothing she could do to escape it. Not that she did not try. She was banging her butt and twisting her hips frantically, as far as her restraints allowed it. Of course it was to no avail, but it was quite sexy anyway.


After some time, the capsule seemed to have lost her burning power. Either it had destroyed her internal pain receptors, or the egg had grown cool enough to bring her relief. Hugo grabbed a red-glowing iron and applied its tip onto either side of her spread labia. The smell of burnt flesh soon invaded the whole chamber.&nbsp; 

Then to her unbelieving eyes, we prepared another metal capsule with a red hot coal inside, this time it was her wide open vagina the one to receive it inside.

While the coals deep inside her body heated her intimate parts and then slowly cooled down, I saw Hugo go for a red hot iron from the bed of coals, and approached her breasts. he used it liberally all over her mounds, even if she left this chamber alive, that woman would never be the same, always carrying with her a reminder of her days in the torture chamber.

With the use of the pliers, we extracted the now just warms metal capsules from her orifices, at least the grease made sure they didn't stick to the flesh and ripped it. But that didn't mean her private parts would be spared further punishment, as a very rough wooden phallus was shown to her, and then slowly inserted into her vagina, the surface scratching her inner membranes, and she suffered the puncture of several wooden splinters that&nbsp; separated from the wooden intruder.

"STOOOOOP! PLEAAAAASE STOOOOOP!!!! I can't bear this anymore, please! I beg you"


"You'd better tell the truth now, or else this goes deeper, and I have another one to fill your other hole!" he said. 

"No, please. Stop! I'll tell the truth!!!!!" she begged, while tears were rolling down her cheeks. 

"So, tell me, where is the hideout of the Free Panthers? Where are your headquarters?"

"It... oh my god.... it is... No, I can't tell you that!!! Ooooaaaahhhhghhhhh! No, please, alright, I'll tell you. It is... in the ruins... of the Cursed City. Oooh, please, don't tell them who revealed that. They would kill me!" she answered, her face showing a mix of agony, terror and shame. 

"So is it there?" 

Suddenly I had a moment of inspiration and spoke out: "Wait master! The royal guard is helping an expedition of archaeologists who are exploring the ruins of the Cursed City, I have been there several times escorting carts of food and books and that dang things they use to excavate and classify boring rocks. There is no way someone is hiding there, let alone a full armed group. She is trying to fool us again, like the previous day". And indeed the poor young newbie who went to verify that info was now auditioning for the boys choir. 

Hugo then went to pick up a mallet and threatened to hit the wooden stake inside her body with it.

"So any more lie and this thing will go out of your mouth!"

The poor girl was now defeated. Her smart trick had been discovered and she suddenly seemed totally broken by the fear. "Nooo, pleaaaaase! That's true. I lied. The Free Panthers are hiding in the Ancient Kings Catacombs." And with that, Felina burst to tears.

"Don't cry dear, soon there will be Free Panthers here to make you company in the dungeons, although I think they will want to drop the 'Free' part of the name, they surely will thank you from letting them be part of our hospitality".


Felina did not answer. The thought that some of her friends might join her in this prison was sending thrills down her spine. They would immediately know that she had spoken, that they had been caught because of her treason.


"But there is still some info we will need. See you later, take a good rest." the interrogator told her. Then, turning to me, he added, "I want her ready for interrogation in eight hours, and make sure no one makes use of her vagina, it looks pretty damaged". 

He did not mention anything about her other orifices, so we strapped a ring behind her front teeth&nbsp; so that she was ready to continue serving the guards while she waited for the next session. I came in her mouth a couple of times before the word spread and the men started visiting her cell. The poor girl did not get much rest as she was fighting most of the time to breathe in between brutal cock strokes. She must have swallowed gallons of cum during that time.


4th of June, 2h20 - Seventh session 
One would have thought that after the revelation of the Panthers' secret hideout they would have left Felina alone, but apparently there were still questions they wanted to ask her and eight hours later we were back to the chamber, holding her from either side. I really wondered how much more her body could take, but Hugo was really a master of his work, and her body, even with all the pain, still seemed pretty fit for more torture. The instructions were to extract all the possible details about the attack on the 12th of June. I hoped for her sake that she would reveal all the information as it would be sad to see her tortured everyday for the next eight days. 

Already scouts had been sent to check the size and exact location of the Rebel base. The plan was to wait until the Panthers' next attack when their forces would be divided. We would ambush the attackers while the nearly unprotected camp would be overwhelmed by another squadron. Such an operation asked for very accurate information, and Felina would be forced to provide it. The idea of trying to kidnap another member of her group was discarded as it could raise suspicions and incited them to change their plans. As Felina was the only survivor of her gang on the failed attack, none of the Rebels knew she was still alive, and talking.

The session started with her ankles tied to her thighs and her hands fixed behind her back, wrist to elbow. We pushed her so that she was lying on her back on the floor, while a spiked breast press was fixed to her chest. I was lucky enough to give a good massaging of her firm mounds as they were put between the spiked planks. Hugo turned the screws until her boobs started to bulge and some spots of blood could be seen.

"Now please tell me where and what the Panthers are going to attack on the 12th of June, before your body is destroyed further." 

"Really, you must believe me. I do not know that. The objective had not yet been chosen when I was captured" she answered, gritting her teeth.


The press was tied to the pulley, and her body was raised, she was kicking with her bent legs in midair while we pushed a wooden pyramid under her. It was called a Judas cradle. I really do not know where the name comes from, I would have called it the anal invader, because that was exactly its purpose. But before it penetrated her sphincter, Hugo showed his mastery by slowly lowering her down, the apex of the pyramid resting between her anus and vagina. Its edge was so sharp that it felt as if it were going to pierce her perineum. Felina tried to prevent her body from pressing with all its weight on that narrow point, pressing her bound legs against the wood. But it was hopeless. The pyramid had been smoothed by countless sweaty thighs during years of extensive use and her own legs could find no purchase. Her desperate attempts and grimacing at the top of the cradles formed an almost comical dance.&nbsp; 

Felina did not last long. Her crotch was so sore and raw from previous tortures that just sitting on the pyramid was unbearable. Soon her screams echoed again through the damp walls of torture chamber. "STOOOOOOOOOOOOP!!!! I'll talk!!!! No more aaaaghhhh!!!!!" she screamed to the top of her lungs. "We... They are... going to go to Blenag... There... they plan to... Aoooowww!!!!&nbsp; ... attack the office of... the tax collector.... Oooooow. Pleeaaaaase! Stop thaaaaaat!!!!" 
 

"If you are lying again, the next session I will gag you, and only let you speak when I decide to, no more random talking just to stall me". He placed his finger inside her anus. "And imagine the width of the cradle pushing its way inside here, should you have told a lie." Felina shivered. 

"Put her down!" Hugo ordered.


I carefully raised her while the other man pushed the cradle away, she was then lowered on the floor, face up. The breast press was released but left nearby in plain view to allow her to see it and reflect about its use. We placed a wooden pole under her knees to restraint her there in the chamber. We guessed Hugo would return to resume the interrogation at dawn, in four hours time. It was just enough for a nap. The middle-of-the night interrogation had proven effective. This would prove a very long day for Felina, that was for sure. 
4th of June, 7h - Eighth session 
The executioner returned to the chamber to continue questioning the captive. She had been given plenty of time to contemplate what would happen in this session, staring at he pointy tip of the cradle in front of her.


He dropped several ropes and leather belts and told us to restrain her. Under his directions, we placed a wide belt around her abdomen. This belt was adorned with three iron rings. Felina did not fight us. She was now quite different from the Rebellious cat we had been dealing with earlier. Then we untied her legs and pulled them to her chest, so her knees were pressing against her breasts. Another leather belt went around her, passing under her armpits and&nbsp; under her knees, fixing her legs in place tightly against her body. Then the legs were bent down at the knee, putting her in a fetal position, and another belt was fixed around her, across her back and over her ankles. Finally it was the turn of her arms, which were held behind her. A strap secured her wrists together and another did the same to her elbows. Once again she was totally helpless, unable to move and protect herself. We could see her flesh bulging between the tight straps and her muscles knotting uselessly as she tried to ease her position, to no avail. 

She was dragged in this position near the cradle. Each ring of her belt was tied to a thick rope that passed through pulleys in&nbsp; a different columns of the chamber. A fourth rope was passed over a beam above her and tied to her wrists held behind her back. Hugo pulled on the rope attached to her wrists, lifting her so she was but a few centimetres above the pointy apex of the pyramid. The Rebel was moaning as her arms were distorted in a painful strappado. Her own weight was torturing her twisted shoulders as she swung in mid air. Then all three of us manoeuvred the other three ropes so she was moved at the center, right on top of the cradle, the lowest part of her body, her anus, displayed open and close to the torture device. The ropes were pulled tight, so for all that she squirmed, she would not be able to avoid the penetration of the wooden tip. 

Very slowly she was lowered. I was just under the cradle, and could see the point slowly approaching her unprotected flesh, then pushing inside. The horizontal ropes holding her in place, and for now preventing further penetration. 

"So. how many Rebels will participate in the next attack? tell me or sink further down until your rectum is so opened I can stick my hand inside."


"How could I know such a precise information? I have been in your prison for one week now!" she answered. 

"You know the time, and know the place. Clearly you were aware of all the plans, or are you confessing you were lying before?" 

He pulled the rope, twisting her arms behind her back again, raising her until the cradle was fully outside of her anus, and then he let her fall. This caused her to sink further until she was stopped by the other ropes. She screamed in utter agony as it felt as if her rectum had been broken wide open by the wooden device. The bang against her hip bones had echoed through her whole skeleton. Her tightly strapped legs were unable to protect her, or even to absorb some of the impact. Once again, the miserable Rebel had been reduced to a piece of trembling and moaning meat. 

"Are you talking now? Or should they hang sand bags from your ankles?"


She remained silent. She was obviously too much shocked to hear us and even less to reply. Her mouth was gaping as she tried to recover her breath. So we prepared three heavy bags full of sand, each one about 5 kilograms. We hooked one to each ankle, and the third to the wide belt around her waist. Then the three ropes were loosened a little, letting her body sink further, both by her own weight and that of the bags. I will never forget the look a pure agony and horror that appeared on her grimacing face. We could see her clasp her legs desperately as she tried to stop her slow gliding over the blunt pyramid. Her rectum widened more and more, causing incredible agony. She was sweating profusely and she even released her bladder right over the wooden device. 

"AAOOOOOOOOW!!! Stop that! You are destroying my anus! Please stop! I'll talk!" she screamed to the top of her lungs.


We raised her back again, until she was hovering over the cradle, its tip barely touching the rim of her wide-agape anus, ready to be dropped back again if she hesitated in speaking. 

She was in obvious terror of the torture to start again. Something was broken in her mind and she was trembling like a leaf. In a soft, shaky voice, she whispered, "30. There will be 30 of us in this attack. Oh, please, just kill me fast. I don't know anything else and my sisters will kill me anyway if they learn what I have done...". 

At least she had earned herself some time to rest. If it were at the cost of betraying her friends, we were not sure yet, Hugo went to relay that new piece of information, leaving us to the task of returning her to her cell. She gave a sigh of relief when the cradle was removed from under her, and slowly the ropes released, until she landed on the floor, still in her fetal position. She was dragged like that to the cell and only then were the belts released. I also cut the strap holding her elbows together, leaving just the rope around her wrists. I took some time to inspect the damaged orifice. There was some blood oozing out from it, and it looked wider than a rat hole. But now it was time for us to rest. This whole business was also draining on my strength, but don't think I'm complaining. I wouldn't have switched my place with any other of my comrades. Who would have thought that being a lowly guard would have brought me such privileges!

4th of June, 17h30 - Ninth session 
Ten hours later we were back again at the chamber. We found her lying in her dejections, in a cell that was stinking like the latrines of the legion. She was now unable to control her bowels and her anus was constantly leaking their contents. The sound of dismay she uttered when we woke her up is something I will never forget. After having washed her with a big bucket of icy water, we dragged her back to the hall of pain

Once the victim was in the chamber, the next moans came out of my own throat, for it was with great effort that we brought the next device. It was made of three parts: two of them were identical metal grids, about two-metre long and one wide. The bars all were prickling with spikes. On the corners were threaded holes allowing to fix them together by a screw. The third part was a base which would hold the grid parts horizontal at a modifiable height. It had wheels on the bottom to move it, but was so heavy it was not an easy task.


Felina was made to lie flat on top of the bottom grid, the spikes facing upwards and piercing all her back. At least there was a spike- and bar-free zone where the head rested. We chained her spread-eagled to each corner of the grid. There were additional shackles along the sides, intended to separate her knees, exposing her crotch even more. We then placed the other grid on top of the girl. Its weight was enough to compress her body, but still Hugo insisted on turning the screws to bring both parts closer together. The poor girl was tightly squeezed between the two grids. The spikes were digging into her skin, her flesh was bulging out between the bars. She could hardly breathe because of the pressure on her ribcage. Her breasts were flattened by the bars and squashed against her ribs. 

Hugo emptied a bucket of grease on top of her. She was glistening in the light coming from the torches and from the bed of red hot coals nearby. After several days of torture, she still sported some remnants of beauty that had not been marred.


It took the three of us to lift the grids with it's occupant and fix it to the rotating base. Then it was just a matter of pushing it over the bed of coals, and ever so slowly turn the crank, so each side of her body could feel the heat. But they did not remain long enough to cause much damage. The height of the base was adjusted at a medium level, no doubt to be lowered further if she remained mute. At first she remained silent, but soon the grease began to bubble and her skin to redden. Not long after that she began to moan louder and louder. She was thrashing as much as she could between the grids. She was getting redder and redder. Whenever she was facing the red coals, she had obviously some difficulty to breathe and her cries diminished, but as soon as her face was turned in another direction, her screams started again, louder than before. After several turns, as she was facing up, Hugo told us to stop, as he approached the suffering beauty. 

"We verified the information you previously gave us, and found you to be a lying whore, so this session goes on until you tell me now the secret code you use to communicate with the other panthers!"

She did not answer, so enduring the heat, the torturer pulled on her left nipple and attached a clamp to it. The clamp had a chain form which a metal ball hanged, weighting about one kilogram. He let it hang to the side. He repeated the same with the other nipple. Then, after having basted her with more grease, we resumed the slow turn of the wheel. Each turn caused the metal balls to fall onto the coals, and tug on her nipples as they were raised again for another turn. No doubt in a few minutes they would be very hot and transferring all that heat along the chain to her sensitive flesh. This was causing horrible agony. Not only did it stretch her breast in the most horrible way, but it was also bringing her nipples closer to the coal bed. Soon her aureole were bursting with blisters and her breasts were getting of a glowing shade of red. The smell of burnt skin was filling the air.


Still Hugo was not satisfied, and he instructed us to lower the rotating base, putting her whole body closer to the heat as we kept turning and turning, listening to her screams in case a confession came out of her lips. 

"STOOOOOOOOOOOP!!!!! I'll talk! But please get me away of these coals!!!!" 

The device was pushed to the side to let her speak freely, and I hoped both for her own sake and mine that I would not need to push it back again. Maybe I should later make sure to grease the wheels of the device rather than the female displayed on the grid. 

She was panting and crying and sweating profusely. The heated grease was dripping from her reddened body. Blisters had formed here and there. After a moment, she took a deep breath and said, "This is how we recognize each other: the code word is 'dotted tail'". 

Hugo went to read some papers stored in a table that the informants had given him to prevent other incidents like the previous one.


"Push the device back in place... she is lying!" 

Hopefully I would get a nice rest later but this was time to work, and we both started pushing the grid on top of the coals. 

As we were approaching her again from the coal, she realised there was no point in remaining silent. The sheer idea of being roasted again on those glowing coals was causing her to scream in terror. "STOOOOP! I'll tell the truth! I swear it!!!! Stoooooooop!!!" On a sign from Hugo, we pulled it away from the coals. She was now crying and trembling pitifully. "Here is how we do it..." she whispered, "We clack our tongue three times."

"Tsk Tsk Tsk?" He read again the papers while we awaited further orders, hoping we would not have to push the damn thing again.


Finally he scribbled something and left, telling us to be ready the following dawn in case the other information turned out to be lies. 

Yes, I know, it's hard to believe such a brute can write and read, but apparently he was also very learned into medicine and anatomy. But of course it was not for taking care of the sick, but for best hurting his victims while keeping them alive and healthy. 
5th of June, 5h30 - Tenth session 
The stench was terrible in the cell, as we had given her plenty of water to drink after the fire treatment and all that water had to get out of her again accompanied with her shit. Covered in chains, she was lying in her own mess, unwilling or unable to move out of it. We could not grab her without eliciting a scream from the severely burnt flesh, but I felt no pity for her. She had insisted on telling lies, trying to make a fool of us, and bringing it all on herself. If our informants wouldn't have told us this morning that the office of the tax collector in Blenag had closed earlier this month and thus the attack was surely a lie she would still be resting in her cell and healing from her wounds. And that just hours after having begged us to stop torturing her only to repay us with more lies which luckily our men were able to detect on time.

One thing was for sure, Hugo would begin to use more extreme methods until she was so broken the truth would come out of her mouth before she could think another convincing lie.


 She was made to lie flat on a T-shaped table, with her arms strapped on top of the crosspiece of the T. The table was short and her ass was resting on its edge. Two vertical posts were at either side of this end of the table and we secured her legs to them at the knees and the ankles. More straps across her chest and abdomen completed the bondage. Felina was now laying on her back with her legs spread and pointing in the air, her nether region at the edge of the table, immobile and perfectly displayed.

Her hair was tied and pulled with a rope reaching from the ceiling, forcing her to lift her head to ensure that she would have a clear view of the procedures about to take place. 

Hugo first showed her a metal ring, about 8 centimetres in diameter, and several small metal clamps. Her labia was spread and the ring placed on top of her vulva, he started joining the ring with her left labia while placing a clamp and pressing the two together. Three more clamps were fixed along the left side. After that he repeated the process with the other side. In the end her vulva was forming a wide circle of clamped flesh, revealing the inner parts to his ministrations. 

The Torturer then approached her between the upturned legs holding a device I had never seen before. It was no doubt one of the inventions of his very active mind. He called it the long-legged spider. It consisted of three thin metal rods about 10 centimetres long that were joined together at the end with a hinge.


He proceeded to insert the three rods into her urethra and with his fingers he opened the hinge, thus separating the legs of the spider and stretching her piss tube widely. 

With the other hand, using some pliers, He extracted a nasty looking hairy caterpillar from a bottle, and after showing it to her scared face, proceeded to shove it in the stretched orifice, before withdrawing the spider. I could not believe my eyes. Surely I would have even sold my mother if faced with similar horror. The critter compressed by her flesh, trying to escape, scratching the nerve rich surface, covering it all with it's venom. 

"So, tell me again where will the Rebels attack next? I have several jars full of friends that will like to come out and play with you if you decide to lie again!"

He gave me a bucket of tar, and told me to smear it around her breasts which I did, tracing a wide circle with the sticky substance around her mounds. Next he gave me another jar to cover her breasts with. Seeing my defiant look, he told me it was nothing but honey, and to prove it placed&nbsp; a finger in it and licked it. So I enjoyed giving her a good massage with the honey, her nipples got erect due to my ministrations even though screams were still coming out of her mouth.

Hugo brought a crystal jar, with a very wide neck, large enough to encase one of her breasts. Quickly he removed the cover and turned it upside down over her left breast. It made contact with the tar sealing the globe inside with the very agitated contents. The sudden movement of the jar had made the hundreds of red ants inside it very angry. I held the jar in place while he lifted an identical one and repeated the procedure. He left me holding both jars with each hand while he used several straps to hold them in place, the tar making sure the insects would remain inside, feasting on her flesh.

"Speak now, or shall I also bring this little fellow for a snack?" He yelled at her while holding a very agitated rat by it's tail a few centimeters away from her face.


"STOOOOOOP!!! I'LL TALK!!!!" she screamed. "Before you caught me, we were discussing about attacking the Fort of Barnach..." 

"Finally we are getting somewhere". 

It took a while to release her from her torments. Her mound had swollen severely, making it difficult to remove the jars. And the tar had sealed them so perfectly that I had to pull with both hands until the resistance of her flesh finally overcame the vacuum. Almost none of the animals could be contained, so I had to empty a bucket of water over her to wash the little ants away. As for the other critter, her tube had also swollen so much that it was nearly impossible to extricate, and part of the caterpillars remained inside her. Surely she would not be pissing for a few days. 

About an hour had elapsed since the end of her torment and we had not finished removing her from the device when a royal advisor came into the chamber wishing to talk with Hugo about the previous piece of intelligence we had extracted from the suffering female. 

He broke into rage. "Leave her right there, there will be no more rest for this lying whore until she tells this man how many peoples will be participating in the next attack!" 

She was still on the table, with her legs restrained up in the air, and the ring still attached to her labia. He fetched the rodent from its cage


"I promised you this if you remained defiant, only to find out you keep laughing at me" 

"No! Nooooo! Not thaaaaaat!" screamed the terrified girl. 

Hugo, furious, did not listen and dropped the rat inside the ring, and then placed a circular grating that fitted perfectly and was fixed onto the same clamps pinching her labia to the ring. The nervous animal now trapped in a cage mostly made of sensitive flesh. I was in rapture watching the scene, I could not believe my eyes. At first it started to gnaw at her labia, no doubt searching for a way out.


Felina was screaming inhuman screeches. Her head was banging from one side to the other, prey of a terrible agony. "I'll tell the truth! I'll tell the truth!" she kept repeating desperately. But Hugo was deaf to her screams. Felina was yanking so hard on her restraints that the rack was trembling and ripping on the floor. Her eyes were bulging out madly. The muscles in her neck was taut as rope, offering a hideous and terrifying sight.


Hugo then placed red-hot coals on top of the grating. The scared beast was looking to escape from the heat, and it found the only possible way. A strong smell also indicated that the grating and ring were becoming quite hot, but apparently the girl had other things to focus her mind on as Hugo grabbed a red hot skewer and pushed it through one of the holes in the grating to spur the rat further on, soon it was trying to use her cervix as an escape route.

"So tell him now, how many people will REALLY participate in the attack?"

Felina was awash in her own sweat and suffering as nobody had ever suffered before. Some veins had broken in her bulging eyes giving her a horrible look. "Fifty!!!! Fifty, I swear it! Please, get that rat out of my cunt!!!!!" 

Several minutes full of screams passed before I was able to remove the grating without burning my fingers, and still some more seconds until the animal noticed the way was clear and bolted to a dark corner of the cell. 

A rag with alcohol was inserted inside her to prevent any infection, she was so open I could almost insert my whole hand into her hole. Then we untied and dragged her nearly unconscious form to a nearby cell. 

The man was pale, having been witness to how the information was obtained in this hard place. He seemed satisfied that no one could possibly be lying under those circumstances. Hugo seemed also in a good mood, no doubt word would be spread about the efficiency of his methods. Even the poor battered woman would feel relief knowing that she would have a whole day off&nbsp; but she seemed too immersed in her own world of pain to understand what had been said.

6th June, 9h&nbsp; Eleventh session 
After a day of enjoying the sunlight and fresh air of any place different than this damn damp dungeon, we were back to hopefully finish this grim work once and for all. I was surprised to find a beauty in the cell. Of course she still smelled bad, but the rest had made wonders to restore her former self, and as I found out later, the executioner had used some special ointments all over her skin to treat her several wounds and lacerations. He even had restrained her again, fearing the muscular woman would attempt an escape at any chance. 

I could not believe it when Hugo told us that the higher ups still suspected there were some information she was hiding and thus another session was needed. In all my life I had never heard of any other prisoner resisting that much. But the end result would be the same, she would surely give us enough information to crush the Rebellion, rendering all those days of suffering useless. Why she didn't spit out all the information right at that moment when she was being dragged back into the torture room I had no idea.&nbsp; 

We placed her in the center of the chamber face down. Her wrists and ankles tied all together behind her back in one tight knot. As directed by the torturer, we turned her over so she was now face up, her weight resting on the restrained limbs. I sit on top of her pelvis while my companion pinned her shoulders to the ground. He was smart enough not to straddle her, putting his crotch in biting range of the struggling woman.


Hugo brought a long thick skewer. One end was pointy, and the other was circular, and I could see that it was actually hollow. The pointy bit was placed at the side of her left breast, right in the centre of the fleshy globe, and pushed forwards, penetrating the orb while her body jerked under my weight trying to free herself. Soon enough, the point of the skewer could be seen emerging from the other side of the breast, just above her sternum, and continuing to travel until it also pierced her other breast. Hugo continued pushing the device, until about 20 centimetres were protruding from either side of her body. Then the chains hanging from the ceiling were lowered until they could be attached to both ends of the skewer. Now we only needed to pull on the chains to have the suffering beauty hanging from her skewered breast in the center of the chamber. 

Later Hugo approached her with a red hot poker, and placed it inside the orifice on one end of the skewer. Fixing it in place, the device would slowly grow hotter and hotter. 
It seemed that all restraint in him had been lifted and he was stopped by nothing to extract every piece of information, even if it meant the victim might not survive this session. 

"Now we need something to help carry your weight, we don't want those luscious globes of you ripped out"


When I saw the next device I had no doubt that it would not provide any relief to the hanging beauty. The best description for it would be the underwear the condemned use in hell. It consisted of a curved metal bar, with a pair of pears fixed at separate orifices along it's surface and facing the concave part. We held the woman in place and separated her legs a little so Hugo could insert the device in her anus and vagina, without the benefit on any lubrication. Between the two pairs the device had a protrusion which would be pressing on the sensitive place between her anus and vagina when the opening of the pears pressed the bar against her crotch. He gave the pears a couple of turns, to fix the device in place, her labia spread open and placed over the metal bar, a hinged part of the device bent over it and clamped her lips tightly in place. The final touch was a screw on the very top of the contraption that trapped her clitoris and squeezed it. Another rope from the ceiling pulled her up from this underwear, distributing her weight evenly between her crotch area and the pierced breasts. 

For a the final touch, he tied the bundle of wrist and ankles to a ring on the floor, pulling her tight, causing more pain to the body parts she was hanging from. With a coarse rawhide, he started wrapping her limbs with several loop all around them.


I splashed a bucket of water all over her, intended to wet the rawhide, our job done we all sat on the corner of the room, drinking water and taking a snack while we waited for the bondage to do it's work. 
The woman was soon screaming at the top of her lungs, while the material was shrinking in place, bringing her limbs closer together, bending her knees and elbows in the opposite direction. 

"Stop! please no more, it's the castle, the castle of Ternith, that is the place of the attack". 

I felt a big relief by seeing this grim business over, not that I didn't enjoy watching that beautiful naked body in bondage, but all the screaming was getting on my nerves, and some of the methods of the executioner really made my stomach turn, maybe I was not just cut out for that kind of profession. Anyway, we lowered to the floor and cut the restraints, sending her back to a cell to rest.

The following day she covered as best as she could when I entered her cell. She was chained by one leg and one arm to the wall. But I was not there to drag her back to the chamber, but to give her something to eat, and some rags to cover herself with. Her face was that of a broken woman, the relief of not being hurt anymore surpassed by the thought of what she had had to do to obtain it. Even Hugo visited her sometimes in her cell to repair all the damage he had done to that body with his healing recipes. After a few days most of the marks of her ordeal existed only in her mind.

Aftermath 
On the day of the planned attack, with the precise information we had gathered, the operation was a huge success. The Rebels didn't stand a chance, and both the&nbsp; raiding party and the ones left at the base were overwhelmed. The ones that were not killed on the skirmish, were paraded through the streets in chains, their destination the castle, more specifically its dungeon. It took two cells to lock the almost thirty surviving members, most of them females. Felina was watching the scene with regret from her lonely cell. Some of them noticed her and yelled curses and insults at the prisoner.


When the king came for a visit, it was no surprise for me, and we managed to have the place as good looking as a damp dungeon can be. Even had managed to get a new uniform for the occasion. He signed the order of execution of the Rebels. It would be a public event, in which Hugo was expected to show all the horrors he was capable of: impaling, quartering, breasts and genitals were to be burned with hot irons, and then removed. Skin flayed out from the living flesh of the victims. The mangled corpses would be displayed for days on the town squares, and the heads cut off and sent to different places of the Realm to serve as a warning. Felina was to have her execution indefinitely delayed, as a kind of gratitude for the possibility of capturing all the Rebels. She had her life spared, but of course she would remain a prisoner in this castle. 

The king eventually spoke to the gathered prisoners.


"Before you are sent to your final punishment, I want one piece of information Hugo here will be very willing to extract from any of you. During one of the raids to a tax collector office, the prince, my dear heir, was mortally wounded. I want the name of the one responsible for that cowardly attack!" 

Luckily for me in the dark of the dungeon no one would notice the colour fading from my face, for I knew that story. The attacker, being cornered, had taken her own life to avoid capture, but the patrol had opted to said that the Rebel had escaped instead of facing the ire of the king&nbsp; for allowing a captive to commit suicide. I wondered how much time it would take under Hugo ministrations until the captive decided on one name to avoid more torture, but my thoughts were interrupted by a female voice: "Felina". And others joined in: "Yes, Felina is the one you are looking for" 

"So it is? You wreck took what I held for dearest in my life, and I shall see to it that you pay for it. Your execution will remain delayed indefinitely, but I'll make sure you don't find your stay in our dungeons pleasant. If you found the interrogation too harsh prepare to face what Hugo can do when I instruct him to make ones life a living hell.


"Please, prepare her so she can meet her former friends. I'm sure they will thank her for giving them the opportunity to be my guests, even for a short time."


I entered her cell as she gave a groan of despair, knowing her suffering was far from over. In fact it was just the beginning. Hugo brought a large spherical cage. We parted its two halves, and we bent the girl in a foetal position to make her fit inside. Fixed in the middle of that half was a short metal pipe. We inserted it in her mouth, forcing it wide open and preventing her from moving her head. Then we replaced the second half of the cage over her. We had to push with all our weight to close it. She was squeezed so tightly that she could hardly move at all. Only her fingers and toes, protruding out of the cage between its bars, could still move a little. Several bars were missing from the lower part of the spherical cage, leaving her crotch accessible and vulnerable between her buttocks that were heavily pressed against the surface.


We rolled that living ball into one of the cells, and the inmates quickly decided to play with their new toy. The metal sphere was a very clever design, rendering the guest helpless to prevent any degradation or torture, but also protecting its occupant from any life-threatening damage. 

As her eyes met those, filled with hatred, of her former companions, Felina tried to talk, to defend herself, but the huge pipe parting her jaws only allowed grotesque and ugly moans. She was reduced to plead with her eyes. Inside the cage, she was totally helpless. Her flesh was bulging between the bars. She could not even move the cage alone. 

They started by kicking her while calling her traitor, weak, slut. The kicks were mostly aimed at the area with less metal bars, were coincidentally her flesh was more sensitive. She alternatively saw angry faces and the dirty floor of the dungeon. Her butt and crotch were soon so raw that the least touch was a torture. Even when she had to pee, the pain was terrible.


The ball was then pushed forcefully to a lower corner of the cell, where the stale water mixed with rotten straw and prisoners dejection was swamped. It splashed on the filthy substance before crashing against the wall. At least they left her there for a while, only with some visits when some of the 15 prisoners wanted to relieve themselves. For that the tube holding her mouth open proved very useful. Even the inmates of the neighbouring cell got as close as the bars allowed them to increase Felina's misery. Of course, they had made sure that she was left upside down, so that her own dejection were running over her. She could not move, she could not push the cage away from that miserable spot. Her face remained for hours bare inches above the putrid, stagnant water that was constantly rotting in that dark corner. She soon realised that moaning and pleading were counter-effective. They only attracted the attention of men and women that were hating her for their current miserable fate. 

The male rebels, knowing their time short, wanted to take part in the last earthly pleasures before being sent for their executions. They raped her in every hole like there was no tomorrow... for them there wasn't at least. The tube forced in her mouth was short enough to just reach behind her teeth, making it safe and possible to penetrate her there. This display gave the King and idea, and ordered that during Felina's long life sentence, she be placed at least once a week in that device, and rolled on every single cell of His dungeon. She began to be known as the rolling whore.


Epilogue 
After the gruesome executions, the officials were satisfied by my services rendered with the handling of prisoners, and as a reward was moved onto more pleasant tasks, so I could not be witness of the further pain and degradation of the poor captive girl, I just assisted in the very first weeks, in which Hugo performed even worse torments on her delicate flesh, only this time no amount of pleading and confessing would stop it, all the sessions ended when the victim could not be brought back into consciousness. The King himself frequented the torture chamber, her screams and jerks seemed to amuse him. 

After a while he lost interest and besides his health made inadvisable making frequent trips to the filthy dungeons, still Hugo carried on with the order, but I guess with not much dedication as before. Eventually the high executioner retired, the oppressive environment of the dungeon takes it's toll on the health not only of the prisoners, but of those who go work there everyday. 

I had forgotten all about this story, until the day the King died, and was succeeded by his nephew, our current Lord, God save Him. And as part of the festivities of his crowning, a pardon was given to all the prisoners of his uncle, most officials did not even remember why some of them were even convicted. 

I saw her walking on the courtyard with absent mind, like a golem. I only recognized her by the tattoo still adorning her body barely visible between scars. Her skin pale, and several white hairs on her head. 

Call me crazy, but I decided to take her home with me, otherwise she would just wander endlessly until she died of hunger in the streets. And after several baths in the river, she was very presentable, like a diamond never loses it's beauty even when buried. 

She has not said a word to me since then, but she seems to understand everything I say, and never refuses any order. We take advantage of her looks by charging to wealthy gentlemen for her services. She does everything they say without complaint. That way she pays me for her food, you know the wage of a retired guard is not very much.


So tell me dear traveler, are you interested in making a visit to my panther, my tamed animal but still of great beauty? 

The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  darknessmoner and Aurelie Catena(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





