BDSM Library - Kidnap




Kidnap
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   This guy got my girl up the duff so we kidnapped his sister to teach him a lesson






Disclaimer&nbsp;&nbsp; It's set in Yorkshire England not Cali-Fucking-Fornia, Inner Merica and its got real dialogue so if you don't like the F word read something else.

Kidnap.


She was feisty little thing, struggle, oh did she ever struggle, wriggling, squirming, kicking out even when we got her inside the van, oh and the lungs oh her, it was a good job it was raining or we would have had the entire neighbourhood chasing after us, but in the end we had her down on the carpet in the back of the van with her hands and feet tied and a clean duster strapped in her mouth with a bungee cord and then we could rest.

"Phew," kidnapping is no picnic, I got away just about unscathed but Alan was crouching clutching at his groin..

"She got me where it hurts!" he protested.

"Good job she don't wear heels!" I joked, but it wasn't funny, I was sweating, and shivering all at once, sweating from the exertion and shivering with fear, it's all very well planning something sat in the pub but at 6.30 p.m. on a November evening in a Bradford suburb everything seems very different.

"Bloody hell mate, we done it!" Alan suddenly gasped, "It worked, Johno it worked!"

"So far so good," I agreed, "I suppose we had better get going."

It all started a few weeks before, Al was my mate from way back, you know school, I guess we were the only white boys in our class, not that that made any difference, kids is kids, most of the kids were Pakistani's and the ones that weren't were Indian and they were always scrapping, then we got older, of course we never got any special tuition or anything, so come sixteen we left school with a few useless GCSEs and went to work.

I ended up working on the building sites, and Alan had a few jobs, we stayed mates, then I started dating his sister, Julie, well she stated tagging along with us, you understand, we sort of kissed and that, and that's about all, couldn't take liberties could I, not with me mate's sister.

See the money wasn't too bad and when I passed me car test I got the van, Ford Transit, 1600cc petrol R reg that's 21 years old, I wasn't flashy but it was wheels an there's three seats and plenty of room in the back and we had plans.

Khan wrecked my plans though, they had the corner shop down the corner of Rotherham street and Jervis Street, and that's where Julie got a part time job.

She changed just about overnight, I never realised Khan was screwing her, not till she started getting fat, "Your getting fat love," I said one night when I called for Al, "You want to come down chip shop or you dieting?"

She burst into tears, "I'm having a baby you dork," she says just right out.

Al looked amazed, "You old bastard!" he grinned, "Kept that quiet!"

I guess he saw the look on my face, see Julie and me, we never, you know, did it.

"What happened," he joked, "Johnny split?"

He must have realised the way I looked at her, but she said it.

"It's not Johnny's," she says, "It's Khans's"

"What fucking Ghengis?" Al asked, and she nodded her head.

"Johnny," she says, "Sorry."

"You having it?" I asked.

"They must have been," Al laughed, It wasn't funny, Julie looked at me with her sad brown eyes.

"I got some cash saved," I said.

"Too late," she says, "Khan's dad said he'd pay but it's too late." she said quietly, "What do you think John, we could get a council flat." I guess the look I gave her put the kybosh on that pretty quick smart.

"Ok then," she says, "You could at least break a few of his bones and make him marry me."

"Sounds good to me!" Al says. I just stared, a few hours before I was sort of planning getting a place with Julie maybe having a kid, but this!

I always thought she would rumble that me and Sandra Jessop, that's Stan Jessop's missus, him who runs Jessops on the trading estate for his old man, anyway Sandra and me was having it off I thought Julie would find out and dump me but Jesus this was something else.

I went home, Al came round later, "We got to sort these lot out," he says.

"That's racist," I pointed out.

"Get his bloody stuck up sister up the duff," he says.

"Look they aren't allowed out, they probably get married to their uncle when they're ten ." I pointed out.

"Nah Cousin when their eighteen!" he explained, "From Bungla Desh."

"Too right," I agreed, "Want a beer?"

As it happened Dad had been at my Newcastle Brown again so we ended up sharing a tin of out of date Carlsberg.

"Don't seem right," Al said, "Them shagging our birds while theirs is locked up at home."

"No," I said.

"Wants teaching a fucking lesson." he said.

"Yeah but there's Ghenghis, and that big bastard, and the gay one and," I said and I realised I hadn't a clue which was which out of them."

"The sister was in our class Amina," he said, "How'd they like it if we got her up the duff?"

"What fuck her?" I asked.

"Yeah lock her up and fuck her bareback till she's up the duff," he said with a mixture of blind stupidity and anger.

"Just fuck her and send her home all fucked," I suggested.

"Yeah, pissed out of her skull with fucking stuff leaking out her twat and he knickers in her gob." Al said, "Fuck I got a hard on just thinking about it."

"Hey too much information!" I protested, "We need to suss this out."

We got the table footie out after that when the Scalextric wouldn't go and sort of forgot it.

Now as it happened I saw this bird in a headscarf most nights when I did overtime, she seemed to be coming from the college and sometimes she was by the Khan's shop, never any further and after the Julie incident I realised it was Amina, I did a U turn next time I saw her and went back just to make sure, and then I watched&nbsp; in the mirrors as she went in the shop.

"We could just snatch her off the street," I said, to Al that night in the Eight Bells.&nbsp; "No fucking about, long as it was dark, wet preferably, nobody around like." 

"Rather stab fucking Ghenghis," Al said.

"More fun fucking the little bitch," I told him.

"Yeah, I suppose." he says.

So we done it, I missed me overtime, picked Al up and we went and found her on one of them little streets just this side of the railway, it was a piece of cake I just parked up and we waited and when she come along I grabbed her from behind with my hand across her mouth and Al grabbed her as well and we shoved her in the van through the sliding door on the side.

She got in a couple of good kicks in on Al's bollocks but she didn't get me, I had a new bit of carpet on the floor and so we just shoved her in the van and got the old duck tape out and bound it round her ankles and wrists.

She was feisty little thing, struggle, oh did she ever struggle, wriggling, squirming, kicking out, even when we got her inside the van she was trying to kick the sides, it was a good job it was raining or we would have had the entire neighbourhood chasing after us, but in the end we had her down on the carpet in the back of the van with her hands and feet tied and a clean duster strapped in her mouth with a bungee cord and then Al could rest while I climbed out and went round and sat in the driving seat and drove down the industrial estate

Al had he stripped down well when I climbed in the back again, all them silky asian robe things were round her waist and her bra was hanging off her wrists by its straps and her pants were round her ankles and she looked mighty pissed off.

"She kicked me in the fucking balls," Al said, "Bitch."

"You want first poke?" I asked.

"No, you can," Al offerred.

She did not want to get fucked, no way but she didn't have anything to stop me with, not now she was all tied up, the only thing was we couldn't get her legs apart so Al wrenched her feet up by her ears so that I could get at her that way, and with some more tape she wasn't calling the shots anymore.

We had to get the tape off her ankles and bind her knees to her elbows so we could get her spread nice and wide and then I dropped my pants and climbed aboard.

Christ was she tight, of course she hadn't been fucked before, and she didn't want me in there but did she ever put up a struggle,&nbsp; banging against that bloody membrane, I nearly let Al have a go but then it went and I went right in her, whoosh, "You're fucked now bitch!" I told her, she was trying to scream, but the rag was stopping her, but at least she was warm because the cold was giving me goose bumps on my ass.

Her eyes were like saucers,&nbsp; staring at me, she was all dark, dark hair, darkish skin, dark nipples all straining, and then she starts choking.

I wanted her fucked not dead so I undid the bungee cord and dragged the rag from her gob, "Ahhhgggghhh," she wailed.

"She's fucking cumming you bastard!" Al says, and do you know she was all quivering and shaking just like she cummed.

It put me right off my stroke, so I started to cum as well, "No, no, not inside me, no, please!" she begged the stupid little bitch.

"Too late darling you're fucked." I told her. "Whew."

She stared at the van roof, "And now," she said, "What now?"

"Want a go Al?" I asked.

"Your all right Johnno," he said.

"Seems a shame," I said, "She's a half decent fuck mate."

"Nah," he says, "Don't fancy it now."

"Fuck her ass then," I suggested, "Your always on about tight asses."

"No please you cannot!" she wailed, so I gagged her again, rag in her mouth held with duck tape.

"Fucking can what you reckon Al?" I asked.

"I dunno," he says, "I never done that," he admitted. 

"So give it a go," I said, "We got Jonnies and KY." 

I took a tube of KY jelly and started greasing up her ass, she didn't like it one bit, but there wasn't much she could do about it, "You wanna give it a go?"

"Yeah," he said, "Why not, she nutted me so why not."

He had his denims off and his tool really swelled, you know, course I'd never seen his tool like stood up, not ever, but it was real strange when he dragged on a Durex and shoved the end at her tight brown bud.

Hell did she squirm, I never saw anyone squirm like it and I reckon that that's why he got inside of her at all because it took half a dozen attempts at least, and it was only when he got real mad that he got in there at all, it must have hurt because she started spiling tears, "Hey Al," I said lift her up we can double team her."

"What?" he asked.

"Like on Electric blue," I said.

"Fuck that, that's actors." he said, "This is fucking boring."

"So hotch up," I said and gave her a tug by the hair.

"Fucking hell Johnno," Al says, "That's kinky."

"It's on Electric blue." I told him.

"Yeah go on then," he said.

It took a bit of doing twisting her around and that but the Transit had a high roof and Al sort of grabbed her from behind and with his cock like a handle in her he sort of yanked her back and I just shoved my meat in her again, this time it just went straight in but I could feel Al's cock against mine through her cunt wall.

"Fuck Johnno, I can feel your fucking cock," Al said.

"I bet she feels totally fucking fucked now, what you think darling?"

She was gasping, making the duck tape bulge out and in, so I sort of peeled it away a bit so she could breathe, "Oh fucking hell," she said, "You'll split me in half!" she complained, except she didn't seem so cross as she had before,&nbsp; "Oh fucking hell," she said, "Oh no," and You could feel she had lost it and she was cumming, of course that set me off and then afterwards the I pulled out and Al was still busy fucking her ass, gee the stamina of that guy.

"Your friend, can you ask him to stop," she gasped.

"No, fuck you," I said, "Fucking put up with it OK."

"You're horrible." she said.

"So is your fucking brother," I said, "Fucked my bird, Al's sister," I told her, "Got her up the fucking duff, well bitch you can fucking tell your fucking brother he don't piss with Johnny Parfit."

"Or Alan Mount," Al added, "You don't fuck with me either or my sister." he said and he gave he a couple of mighty big thrusts and grunted, "Fuck you bitch, Oooohhrrrr, fuck!"

Al pulled out and dragged the shit streaked Durex off his cock and chucked it in the far corner.

"Oi!" I shouted, "Mind my van!"

"Fuckin hell Johnno that was fucking ace," Al said with this great big stupid grin on his face as he wiped himself on a piece of rag and dragged his boxers and Jeans back up.

"Now what?" She piped up, "What are you going to do with me?"

"Oh, I dunno," I said, "We just had some fun, didn't we Al?"

"Sure did!" Al agreed, "Till you got all silly after we done it."

"All nice and consequential," I told her.

"The word's 'Consensual'," she said, "And I never consented, you raped me," she added, "No way was that consensual, absolutely not, no way."

"Your word against ours, one against two," I said, "Who do you think coppers will believe"

"Yeah Uncle Tony is in CID," Al added.

"Police, no, no police, please." she said.

"What?" I think Al and I both said about the same time.

"My dad will kill me you idiots," she said.

"Right," I laughed, "No pocket money for a week?"

"No," she said, "Kill, and he'll kill you too, but mainly they'll kill me."

"Right," I agreed.

"I saw all this on Telly," Al said, "They do it in London, these lot."

"Shit Al," I said, "Really?"

"Arranged marriages all that crap," he said.

"Really?" I asked as I did my belt up, "Not here surely?"

"You idiots!" she snapped, "Oh no!"

We stared at her, "I'm supposed to." she clammed up.

"What?" I asked, "An arranged marriage?"

"Who gives a fuck?" Al asked, "Just tell her to fuck off OK?" 

"Better give her a lift back mate," I said, "It's on the way."

I left them in the back and climbed in the cab, and drove back towards her place, Al kicked her out about a hundred yards away and then we got a few tins from the off license and a couple of curries and went round my place to watch the match on Sky.

We half expected the pigs round, but nothing happened not for about three weeks.

It was about the first week of December, it was a Friday, I got in, "Here some girl called for you," Mum said, "Darkie,"

"What?" I asked.

"Pretty little thing, Indian probably," she added, "Left you a note." she handed me an envelope, even I could see she had steamed it open.

"What's it say?" I asked.

"How should I know?" she said, I sort of pointed where the flap was still wet, "Oh well she's up the spout, want's a few quid to lose it."

"Really?" I asked.

"Looks a smart girl," Dad chipped in, "Better that your usual class of slapper."

I opened the note, "Need an abortion," It said, "Ring me," and a mobile number. 

I rang her, "I can't talk now," she said, "Meet me at the Library, noon tomorrow," she insisted.

======================================

I went to the Library, she was there, long skirt, headscarf, jacket, all covered up, all nervous. "You came!" she said sort of surprised.

"Yeah, what's this?" I asked.

"Can we go somewhere?" she asked.

"Yeah, I got the van, come on," I said and she followed me out of the Library and across to the van.

She got in, stuck her seat belt on and said, "I'm pregnant!"

"Yeah right," I agreed, "Bollocks you are you're trying to blackmail me."

"No, no!" she protested, "No I missed my period," she said, "I just need a few hundred pounds."

"Then have the kid," I said "Fuck you." 

"No!" she exclaimed.

"See you can't fuck me about bitch." I told her, "I'll take you home."

"Oh no, My Father will," she said.

"Yeah, heard it all before," I said, "I got a mattress in the back, how about it?"

"What!" she said outraged.

"In the back," I said, "Maybe we could go up on moors?"

"You will pay, if we do, pay for me?" she asked anxiously.

"What pay for a fuck?" I asked.

"Yes, if I fuck with you again will you pay for my operation?" she asked.

"No," I said, "No I wont."

"You are honest at least," she admitted, "Take me to the moors there I shall persuade you."

"I don't have the cash anyway," I admitted, and I saw the tears forming, "Sorry."

"I, don't know what to do." she exclaimed, so I started the van and headed out of town, I drove for a few miles, up into the hills and when there was a decent view I pulled up in a gateway and stopped the engine.

"Right, so lets get this straight," I told her, "You don't get a penny from me."

"My Father will kill me," she said, "It's your fault!" she went to hit me but I grabbed her wrist.

"No," I said, "It wont work."

"Damn you!" she said and climbed out of the door and went to run away, but I was too quick I got her around the waist before she got more than about a few yards and I dragged her back to the van, I opened the back doors and bundled her in and pulled them shut behind us.

"You have a bed in here?" she said, asking a question when it was obvious.

I turned the inside light on, it was cold in there, but with a mattress and some blankets, well.

"You are going to rape me again," she said, "Aren't you?"

"Fuck you yes, but you want it as much as me," I said, "Don't you?"

"No!" she protested but she wasn't serious, it was in her eyes.

"Get your kit off." I told her.

She looked at me, sighed and started to take her scarf off, then her jacket and she put everything neatly to one side, and when she was in her under-things she pulled the blankets back and lay down.

I peeled my boots and jacket and my denim jeans off and I slipped under the sheets with her.

"Do you feel my belly swelling?" she asked, "It is yours," she said.

I had my thumbs in the waistband of her panties and hauled them down, she shivered, or was it shuddered, and I got my boxers off and rolled on top of her, "No," she said.

"Fuck you," I said, "You knew you was getting fucked when you got in so fucking shut up," i told her.

"You're so romantic," she said sarcastically, "Go on then, get it over." she spread he lags a bit, "And get your shirt off so I can feel your chest," she said as she pulled my tee shirt over my head.

Next thing her bra was off and she was holding me tight, "Fuck me then," she said.

"Christ, you fucking want it?" I gasped.

"So?" she said, "Why not?" she paused, "Richard fucks a different girl every week so why not me, why shouldn't I?"

Gee she was all hot and wet and wow, I just slipped right in her, "Mmmm," she said, "Do the English girls lie and say they like you poking them?" she asked, "Do you like me pretending?"
she asked.

"You fucking bitch," I said, "Your fucking hot for me aren't you?"

"No," she lied, "No, no really, no Nooooo ohhhhh." I just crushed her to me and she gasped again.

"See you want it don't you?" I asked.

"No!" she wailed, "I don't love you." she said.

"Not me fucking, you like fucking right?" I asked, and she looked so fucking miserable, stuck on the end of my cock looking miserable, "Fuck!" I exclaimed, "It's just a fuck cheer up."

She looked real miserable. 

"Ok its a great fuck now cheer up you daft bitch." I admitted.

She smiled shyly.

"Lets fucking kiss you then," I said and I grabbed her cheeks and snogged her as I fucked her, real mouth on mouth fucking snogging, fucking hell she really started going for it, sucking my face raking my back with her nails and then I lost it and started pumping spunk up her.

"Ohhhhh,"&nbsp; she gasped "Thank you!"

"It's all right baby," I said, I held her, my cock was shrinking in her as I held her, "It's OK." I said and then I held her tight in the warmth under the blankets on the mattress in my Ford Transit van.

"That was a fucking good fuck." I told her.

"So you will pay for the operation?" she asked.

"Fuck that," I said, "You could always move in round our house,"

"My father will kill us." she said.

"Like to see him fucking try," I said all cocky like.

"Oh the big man now are we," she asked, but somehow my semi was swelling again, "No.that was not what!" she said but I was snogging her face again, "No!" she protested, but I started to hump her again and pretty soon she was just giggling and gasping and we was really going for it.

I rolled off her when I cum, "Fancy some fish and chips?" I asked, "Before we tell me mum about the kid?"

"Do you love me?" she asked.

"I love fucking you," I said, "Will that do?"

"For now," she admitted, "Hold me please." It seemed strange her wanting me to hold her but I held her close again for a minute or so.

"What do you reckon then?" I asked.

"It's better with the mattress and blankets." she said, "And just the two of us."

I pulled her close to me again, "Shall we get some kip," I said, "I'm knackered."

"Mmmmm," she said, "Yes."

================================

She wasn't fucking joking about her family, she rang her mam from ours and they was round within half an hour, that Richard the one as we called Ghenghis that screwed Als sister and the thick one came around shouting the odds with her dad left out in the car.

My dad said they could keep a civil tongue or fuck off, and when Ghenghis pulled a flick knife I knee capped him with an old half shaft out of a spare van axle I kept handy, bang on the knee cap then up under the chin and down he went like a sack of spuds, the thick one came in next but I whacked him across the forehead with the same half shaft and he never knew what hit him, and then as her old man sat in the car I carried the thick one out unconscious while Amina helped the "Richard" one to the car and then we had her dad in for a chat.

He looked pretty worried, "Amina we made commitments," he said, "It is the family honour!"

"Oh yes, marry your brothers idiot son," she said, "No way."

"Yeah you heard the lady," I said.

"John will marry me," she said.

"Yeah I agreed," before I realised what I was saying, "Then you can't marry that Cousin."

"You come and stay with us love," me Mam said, "We got a spare room." she said like an imbecile because all Amina needed was space in my pit.

"That' settled then John," Dad said, "Or you want the taste of Ford propshaft like them other clowns?"

"It's a half shaft dad," I corrected.

"No, I shall explain, come Amina." her dad insisted.

"Oh no," I said, "I'll be round for her stuff in the morning."

He stared in disbelief but he went away and that was that.

Mum lent Amina a nightdress, but she didn't need it did she? and next day we went round for her stuff, they wasn't very amenable at first but when Al and his dad came round with my dad they soon changed their tune, not that I had much time for the stuff Amina brought, "Get some jeans," I told her, "Summat you looks good in," so we went down Asda -Walmart and hit the plastic.

She looks great in a miniskirt, nice and suntanned in winter, she has to keep out the sun in summer or else she looks like a Nigerian but otherwise....

Oh and that Richard one well when Al's dad saw how well set up Richard was he had this notion as if he fancied Julie he might as well marry her, and now he'd had a taste of half-shaft he wasn't arguing, it's funny how things work out.










 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





