BDSM Library -  Love, Ropes and Clamps.




 Love, Ropes and Clamps.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Faith wakes up to find herself naked, helpless and bound to her bed.






It was early morning and the sun had started to rise. Faith slowly blinked as the first ray of sunlight hit her eyes. He was watching her - he'd been watching her, out of her sight but able to see her every move. Not that she would be moving much, as she would soon realize.
He had tied both her hands above her head and her ankles were tied to the corners of the bed so her legs were spread open. The sight alone had made him hard already. 
Trying to move her hand to her eyes to block the sunlight, Faith noticed her arms wouldn't do as she wanted. It wasn't until she tried a second time, with a little more effort, that she realized her arms were bound. She looked up towards her hands, thinking she could get loose, but as soon as she saw the ropes tied nice and tight she knew it would be impossible to escape without any help. Chills went down her entire body as she looked down and saw that she was completely naked.&nbsp; And&nbsp; it was only then that she noticed her legs were tied up as well. A sudden feeling of helplessness hit her. She looked around the room. She was still in her own bedroom, in the safety of her own house, but she couldn't see her captor. Thinking he would come back soon, she tried to relax but seconds felt like minutes, and minutes felt like hours and there she was, naked, bound, and all by herself, or so she thought. 
Beginning to feel anxious, she began struggling against the ropes holding her in place. Focusing entirely on the ropes trying to get her hands free, she didn't hear the approaching footsteps and suddenly felt a sharp pain in her right nipple. She quickly looked down to her breasts and saw a hand pinching her nipple, and as she looked up, she saw Him. 
"M.. Master.." She mumbled.
"What do you think you're doing, my little pet?" It sounded more like a demand than a question. 
"Master, it hurts," Faith whimpered, not daring to move her body to escape his tight grip on her nipple. 
"It looked to me like you were trying to get out of the ropes that I got just for you. I took a lot of trouble trying not to not wake you while tying you up. I think some punishment is in order, don't you agree, Faith?" 
"Y.. yes Master" She managed to squeak out.&nbsp; 

He let go of her nipple and went to the closet. He took out a big paper bag and brought it closer to the bed but made sure she was unable to see inside. Then he took something out of the bag and, climbing on to the bed, sat straddling her, sitting on top of her stomach. Looking into her eyes, he opened his hand and let her see the two nipple clamps he'd taken from the bag. Her eyes grew bigger as she stared at them, knowing all too well that they would soon be biting into her skin.
"No.. p.. please Master.. not the clamps.. please...." she begged, knowing from past experience just how much they hurt her.
Ignoring her pleas, he rolled her right nipple between his thumb and index finger until it was nice and hard. She shut her eyes tightly, not wanting to see that vicious clamp. As soon as she felt the teeth digging into her nipple, she let out a groan. He then repeated the process with her left nipple. 
"How does it feel, slave?"
 She looked down at her nipples for a few brief seconds and couldn't help but think that it didn't feel nearly as bad as she remembered.&nbsp; 
"Lift your head." 
As she raised her head he gently lifted her hair and slid a blindfold over her eyes, then lightly touched her forehead so she knew she could lower her head again. 
She heard him reach into the bag again and wondered what was next. Perhaps a gag? Weights to connect to the clamps? Maybe some sort of paddle to spank her? 
And then, out of nowhere, she suddenly felt something soft and fluffy tickle her pale skin. It started at her breasts, circling the right one and then slowly moving to her left, teasing her. She licked her lips as she felt his weight shift - he moved lower and a moment later the fluffy object began drifting lightly over her tummy. It tickled, and her stomach muscles began to twitch involuntarily.

He enjoyed letting the feather just brush against her skin and watching her reaction. He'd seen her lips parting and her breathing increase when he first let the feather touch her, though he doubted that she noticed the changes in her body. When her stomach muscles started to twitch, he grinned. 
"Don't move." He said, his voice soft but strict as he continued moving the feather over her stomach, just barely touching her. 
She couldn't help it, the tiny little feather just kept moving ever so slightly over her naked body, tickling her, and even though she tried so hard not to move, her muscles kept twitching whenever he brushed a sensitive point. 
"Didn't I just tell you NOT to move?" he growled at her, suddenly yanking the clamp on her left nipple. She let out a squeal, trying hard to resist the urge to lift her body up as he pulled. Then, just as suddenly, he let go of the clamp, allowing her to relax for a few seconds. He dropped the feather onto the bed, letting his other hand rest on her tummy with his nails gently scraping her skin. Then in one quick smooth move, he ripped both clamps off her nipples and listened to her scream and moans.&nbsp; 

When she had settled somewhat, he began to massage her breasts gently with both hands, helping the blood flow into her nipples again, leaning forward to kiss her mouth as he did so. After massaging her for a few minutes, he got off the bed, untied her hands, took her blindfold off and kissed her lips again, which she gladly returned. As she flexed her aching wrists and stretched he began to untie her legs. When she was free, he got into bed next to her and kissed her again, passionately, while pulling her close to him.
"Good girl," he praised her. "I'm proud of you." 
She smiled at his words and cuddled into him, feeling loved by her Master and safe in his arms.&nbsp; 




















 








Review This Story
 || Email Author:         Yasha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





