BDSM Library - Twisted Guardian




Twisted Guardian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:       A guardian takes control of a young man and she discovers that her greatest passion is to humiliate him.  Forced fart consumption, and eventual full toilet servitude.






TWISTED GUARDIAN Part One by Blushing slut

J's babysitter, Nicole, found his stash of porno mags, and fetish stories once, when she was over for an evening, babysitting. Things have been very different for him, ever since. She put him through several hours of humiliation that night, flipping through them, asking him questions, forcing answers out of him, upon threat of exposing him, to his strict, religious parents, if he didnt give suitable answers.
J was attracted to some very perverted fantasies. He had written a long detailed account of being a prisoner in a twisted Nazi sex camp. Nicole began to read some of it aloud...

" All the officers were female, and took great delight in subjecting their male captives to the most humiliating and degrading of acts. One of their favorite punishments, was to chain a man into the hole of the latrine, for days at a time. The hapless male would be constantly subjected to the ladies piss and shit and spit. And the lash! There was always a female officer, or two, in the lower level of the 3 sided box. This was where they meted out the worst of their tortures, while the prisoner was covered in excrement. Skin slicing lashes with heavy whips and canes. Electro shocks to penis, testicles and anus. Severe cock torture, almost to the point of castration. But never that far. The prisoners were a limited catch. Only seven, in total. The ladies made sure that they never went so far with there evil ministrations, that it would put a man out of commision. Their appetites were insatiable. Between the 31 female officers, on different shifts, the prisoner-slaves were kept on their toes 24 hours a day. Only brief snatches of sleep were allowed... " Nicola trailed off...

" Well well, J, what a disgusting, perverted little fucker you are! What would your parents ever do if they read this! We both know what they'd do, dont we? They have some pretty severe plans for you, if you dont show any change in your filthy thoughts and behavior! One look at this pile of filth, and you'll be on your way to one of those 'special' schools, for little perverts like you."

"I should share with you, that part of the reason they've hired me, is because i have a reputation of turning twisted little dick handlers like you, around. To all appearances, at least. You're gonna find out soon, why you will appear as chaste, and as pure to your parents as ever, by the time I'm through with you! But it wont be for the reasons they think. And you will never be able to tell them a thing. Haha!"

He was just turning nineteen. Maybe a bit old to have a babysitter. But his parents had found him masturbating several times, and his mother had discovered a pair of her stockings and panties under his mattress once. And then there was the incident at school,recently, where he had been found with a female student, who was in the process of smearing his face in her shit, with her ass cheeks!

They didnt like leaving him alone now, not even for a moment
.
They were looking into a private school in England, that dealt with ridding boys, like him, of their vile and perverted fetishes. He had heard them both discussing the pros and cons of chastity, in the curriculum. And the benefits of the stern diciplines that the school espoused. He cringed at what he had heard. He caught a glimpse of the school manual once. There was a photo on the front cover of a Governess with two young, very dejected young boys at her side. She had one by the hair, as he was being forced to watch her viciously caning the other. His shorts were still on, but you could see the angry red welts that had formed on his bare lower thighs, from his beating! And there was a noticeable puddle of pee at his feet
.
J's dad, had heard through a friend, that Nicole, was a very stern and strict babysitter. She was quite good at taking charge of unruly boys. Boys with masturbating problems. They seemed remarkably cured after a short time with her
. 
Nicole threw the pile of skin mags and tapes and filthy writing on the floor. She held up his mothers worn panties and stockings that he had stolen from her laundry hamper.

" You see these little flimsy delights right here, J ? They are what are making the difference between me telling your folks and you going to reform school, or you doing every filthy disgusting painful act i demand from you. Haha. No choice, im sure. This will be our little secret for now. But this pile of filth goes home with me tonight, for safe keeping!"

"You will tell your parents that i am the best, most responsible, and fun babysitter ever, and that when they go away to their bible retreat, this summer, I would be your first choice as a gaurdian."

And thus, their journey began.

to be continued...

TWISTED GUARDIAN PartTwo by Blushing slut

It had been six weeks since he first arrived at her parents private villa on the sea. Just the two of them, alone. The constant crashing of the waves had drowned out many an anguished cry from him. Daily vicious lashings were part of his journey into absolute obedience to her - She had been teaching him to crave her abuses. He was rarely allowed to come. Only after the most severe disciplines, would she allow him release
.
She didn't need to remind him anymore, of the ultimate threat of exposure she held over him. She had been systematically moulding him to her sexual whims, and filming every stage as blackmail.

She had completely feminized him, for one, teaching him how to be a sexy, provocative little sex slave for her. No matter how humiliating it was for him. She always had him dress himself impeccably for her. Teaching him all about how to mimic the feminine gestures and postures. She liked to see him constricted, and bound in his clothing - tight corsets and girdles, to accentuate his curves, foot binding into small stilettos, and lots of contorted bondage positions, during the daily whippings and beatings. Always with his cock exposed, and at her disposal. She used it and abused it, terribly.
Soon, though, she would be introducing him to the constraints of a chastity device. She had recently gotten permission from his parents to use one on him. She had lied when she told them that she had been finding evidence of nocturnal squirts on his bedsheets.

Somehow, she had taught him to love all the things they did. He'd seen how deliciously deeply connected they were through their sex - how he melted and merged into her, when their eyes met, in the throwes of some wonderfully twisted act. She knew she was the object of his affection, and his first real sexual ally. She had used that, to extract everything that she'd wanted out of him. Almost.

The thing that fed her own sexual passion the most, was having the power to subject this hapless male to any torture or degradation that she could imagine. It was all completely up to her. On the spur of a moment she could decide to get him right under her ass, telling him to prepare to suck in her farts. If she smelt the slightest hint of one, she would beat him mercilessly! This was becoming the ultimate degradation fantasy for her, and her mind was starting to wander towards even filthier duties for him. She wanted him to surrender to her completely. She knew that the more humiliating the act, the more it increased his sense of being completely owned by Her. She was beginning to daydream about him being tied down to her toilet seat, where she would squat above him, and with her long cane, would whip him into begging to taste her shit and piss! She would squat over him for hours, dribbling pee into his mouth. Her shit would be crowned to the surface for him to lick and suck. Small pebbles would be dropped into his mouth. Bit by bit. Oh yes, she would drag out the shit eating for a very long time. And she knew she would be having countless orgasms throughout! Yes, this little bastard would suffer the ultimate humiliation for her. It would bind him to Her. Once he had been subjected to the toilet throne, there would be no turning back for him. He would be completely addicted and subservient to all of her whims!

to be continued... 










Twisted Guardian Part 3 by Blushing slut

It was late afternoon. Nicole curled up her slight frame into the chaise, by the pool. Her gaze drifted out across the stone balustrade surrounding the villa, to the shimmering, Mediteranean sea, in the distance. 

She was in a reverie. She felt vibrant, and alive. This summer, she had reached new depths in her search for herself. Her time with J, had shown her that this was what she wanted in her life. The power that she had felt, during her domination of J, was like nothing she'd ever experienced before. And his usefulness as a slave, tending to all her daily needs, meant she was free from the usual mundane daily responsibilities. She could focus her time on developing and nurturing her own personal power, and devising new, twisted ways of implementing it.

She knew her calling, now. She wanted more of this lifestyle. There were many men who would beg to submit to her power. She could live her life that way. Surrounded by adoring, obedient, supportive slaves. And some of them would be made willing, to subject themselves to her most vile and degrading whims. Simply because she wished it. And what she wished for, she would get!

J was becoming a most perfect slave for her. He adored her, she could tell. He always worked so hard to serve and obey all of her wishes. He really was a true submissive. And so far, completely obedient to all of her demands. She felt that he actually would do just about anything for her. 

She had decided to push that to the max.

She wanted to go down a whole new road of degradation with her owned little slut. And after a few days of thinking about it, she was ready to take the next steps with him.

She rang the little bell on her sidetable.

As expected, J came scurrying out of nowhere.

He was dressed in his usual maids outfit, with the frilly short skirt, crotchless panties, black seamed stockings, and tight stiletto shoes.

" On your knees. Be at ease." She stretched out on the chaise, and proferred one foot up to J's mouth. "Kiss it. Suck my toes." She commanded.

J relaxed into kissing and suckling her puffy little toes. She had the most delectable feet! Not to mention her lovely, slim, sinuous body. She truly was a beautiful woman. He loved her jet black hair, and pale white porcelain skin. She really was a Goddess among females, he felt. 

She rubbed one foot all over his face, so that he was covered in her scent. This was one of her little turn-ons. She loved marking him in this way. With her cunt juices, or ass scent. Whatever she chose. She loved to pee on him, sniffing him from time to time, and wrinkling her nose in disapproval, just to humiliate him even more.

She loved the humiliation. She was going to have more of it from him...

She removed her feet from his face. She turned herself around on the chaise , so that her ass and cunt were slightly raised off the cushion. " Come here and kiss my ass cheeks, J."
He crawled up on the couch, and approached the object of his devotion. It really was her ass and pussy that he adored the most. He would do anything for the rewards that she delivered, when she allowed him to service her holes. 

" You've been working hard for me today, havent you? Come here and get your reward. Get underneath me." He got his face right below her. She rubbed her pussy-lips on his nose for awhile, back and forth, until her juices were running down his face. She reached round and pulled her ass-cheeks apart. " Take your reward, my slave. Use your tongue on my asshole. Thats it. Lick it back and forth. Good. Wriggle your tongue up inside me now. Taste me. Taste your Goddess! Thats a goood boy!" She undulated her hips back and forth. "Mmmm, yes, very nice. Pull my cheeks apart further. Thats right, now lick all around the outside of my hole. Thats it, lick the ring. Very good" She sat down fully on his face, so that his lips were wrapped tightly around her anus, and his tongue was forced deep into her asshole. She ground down hard, her asscheeks now completely cutting off his air. She kept him there until he was thrashing wildly on the chaise. She raised up and he sucked in several breaths.

"You love my ass, dont you J?" She smiled. "Oh yes, Miss, more than anything!" He gasped. She could tell he was in heaven. "You'd do anything for my ass, wouldnt you?"
She lowered her asshole onto his outstretched tongue again, for more servicing. "Yeth Mith" he struggled out. She pushed down hard again, "Anything at all? Anything i wish?" 
He nodded in response as his tongue snaked deeply into her hole. He could feel, and taste, a log of her shit, touching the tip of his tongue. And then, felt the hot gas escaping across his tongue as she blasted a fart, right onto his face! 
"Ha ha ha! Hows that my little fucker! Did you like that? Did you like that hot gas in your face?" He was coughing and almost heaving from the stench. He involuntarily was trying to struggle away. She clenched her thighs tightly around his head, to keep him in place!

"Whats the matter, dont you like my stench? Ha ha!" She could tell he was overwhelmed with revulsion. And she LOVED it! "Answer me!" He nodded with some hesitation

" You're lying! I hate the smell of my own farts! How could you possibly like them?!" She pinched both his nipples very hard between her fingernails! He screamed out in pain. She always pinched his nipples viciously, when she was extracting confessions from him. He knew he had to tell the truth! "No, Miss Nicole, they dont smell very good, at all."
She slapped him hard across the face several times! "Correct answer, but how dare you insult me!"
"As it happens, I most particularly dont like smelling my own farts, J, so ive come up with a new position to add to your resume of slave services. It's called being a fart receptacle! Do you understand what that entails, slave?"
"I think so, Mistress."
"I dont think you do. Let me spell it out fully for you. From now on, whenever i have to fart, I will call out for my 'fart sucker'! You will stop whatever you're doing and come running and position yourself behind me. Then, you will wrap those pretty little red lips of yours around my anus, and suck in ALL my gas! And i mean all of it! If i smell the slightest odour, i will thrash you violently with my cane! Does that make it a bit clearer for you?" She smiled wickedly.

He visibly cringed. What a terrible addition this would be to his daily duties! "Yes Mistress, you know i will do anything you wish. Anything to please you!"

"Then lets get to work now, shall we?" She reached over to the side table for her cane. He quivered at the site of it. It was her most vicious implement. It was always the one she used as a training tool. She turned around and faced his outstretched body. Her asshole still hovering over his open mouth. She swiped his thighs with the cane. "Spread them for me, fart-sucker!" She always liked to start every training session with several lashes, just to elevate him to a proper state of subservience. She laid into him with 10 hard strokes on each thigh. He was crying out in agony! She had him where she wanted him. Now it was time to push his boundaries.

"All right fart sucker. Your going to perform for me. Get your lips tight around my anus. Thats right. Now prepare to suck me in." He could feel her anus expanding and then the first hot blast was expelled into his mouth. He failed miserably. His timing was way off. He could feel the gas escaping from his mouth and could smell the stench.

"I can smell that J! How dare you make me smell that foul odour! Spread your thighs open further!" She dealt 20 stinging lashes to each thigh. Searing pain, that took the breath right out of him!

"Now, lets try that again. I'll give you a countdown from 3. And i want you to pay particular attention to how my anus expands, right before the fart. Now, again!
3..2..1..." She let out a very long fart. His timing was better this time, but the fart went on too long for him to suck it all in. Another failure! She turned him to the side, exposing his asscheeks, and delivered numerous stinging blows. She muffled his screams by sitting down fully on his face.

"We're going to keep this up for the rest of the evening, J, until you get it right! Ive been drinking beer and eating beans and peanuts all day long, so ive got lots of tasty gas for you to devour. Now get your lips around me, fartsucker!"

He endured blast after blast, over the next several hours. Painful red welts were forming on all his sensitive parts, from his failures. Towards the end of the evening, he was starting to get well acquainted with her farting sequence. He would perform very well in the days ahead.

Little did J know, that Nicole had had many strong, deep orgasms during his ordeal. She was totally satiated by the end of the training session. She had never experienced such pleasure before.

Humiliation and degradation were the key to it.

But she wanted more. Much more from him, in the days ahead.

The worst of his humiliations, were still to come. 

to be continued... 










Twisted Guardian&nbsp;&nbsp; Part 4&nbsp; by Blushing slut

The next morning, we find ourselves looking down on a scene of peaceful domestic bliss.&nbsp; Although it be a somewhat twisted vision, it is a snapshot of a sublime moment between Mistress and slave.&nbsp; Where all is quiet.&nbsp;&nbsp; All the training, and humiliation and vicious disciplines from the night before, are just like mist in the air, now. They are the slow images that pass through our minds-eye when we first awake.&nbsp; The ones that make cocks stiffen, and pussies moisten.

Picture Nicole, stretched out across the sumptuous master bed, in the grande suite of the villa.&nbsp; Satin sheets cooling her skin from the heat of the early morning sun. It brews quickly in the summers, in the south of Spain.&nbsp;&nbsp; The sweet smell of fennel and rosemary drift in through the window,&nbsp; with the hot inland breeze.&nbsp; 

She has just awoken from a deep slumber, drifting slowly through all the events of the previous evening.&nbsp;&nbsp; The ones she languishes on, are the moments when J was the most humiliated, by the forced fart consumption.&nbsp; Those times when he resisted the most, and had to be whipped and restrained and forced,&nbsp; as a consequence.&nbsp; When he coughed and choked and gagged, and begged for a pause to the training. 

It was those moments that she had had screaming orgasms, and it is those moments that she lingers on now, in her awakening thoughts.&nbsp; Her fingers move&nbsp; to her pussy.&nbsp; It is already wet and slick from her day-dreaming.&nbsp; 

Her fingers dance across her clitoris and in between her labia. She is thinking, with great excitement, about her plans for J today.&nbsp; Her plans to humiliate him in the most ultimate of ways.&nbsp; She can see him under her, with that begging submissive look in his eyes, and the little plaintive whimpers that he makes.&nbsp; And she can see the look of shock and horror when he realizes just how depraved she really is!&nbsp;&nbsp; How she loves to see him helpless and denigrated,begging sometimes, to be spared the pain and humiliations that she delivers.

Yes, today is the day that Nicole has been dreaming and planning for.&nbsp; The day that J will suffer the worst humiliation of his life!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Her fingers continue their dance over her swollen mound. Her lips curl into a wicked smile.&nbsp; She runs her tongue across the tip of her teeth. She can almost taste the ecstacy of this new experience, soon to reach completion in the hours ahead.&nbsp; It will be a first for her.&nbsp; 

We see J, curled up on his small rug at the side of her bed. Still asleep. There is a thin chain lead, that is drooped over one of the posters on the bed. It is attached to a rather diabolical, stainless steel chastity device, that Nicole has fitted him with. There are fairly sharp, pointed steel studs, that can be screwed in our out to different depths within the cage.&nbsp; If the cock is stimulated in any way, the depth of the steel studs, determine the amount of pain delivered to the unruly erection.

Nicole was delighted when she had found the device, in one of her mail-order catalogues. She had convinced his parents to give consent, to introducing a chastity belt into his daily regimen, citing uncontrolled masturbations in the middle of the night.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She had spent a long time looking at the cold steel cage, almost drooling over the possibilities. There were long screws on each stud, so that they could be turned in quite far.&nbsp; The pain could be excrutiating, if desired.&nbsp; And she was fully prepared to take it to the limits of what J could endure. And beyond.

She rolls over to the side of the bed and looks down at J.&nbsp; He is still dressed in his attire from the night before.&nbsp; All black. Stockings,panties,chemise.&nbsp; So demure and submissive he looks, curled up on his little rug, with just a glint of the stainless steel cage between his legs.&nbsp; 

Nicole reaches up for the thin chain looped around the poster.&nbsp; She wraps it around her palm a few times, and relishes the feeling of absolute control she has over the creature at her feet.&nbsp; We see a glint in her eye, as she prepares&nbsp; to awaken her little servant.

She yanks the chain hard.&nbsp; "Wake up, fart sucker!!!"&nbsp; she yells, at the top of her voice.

She keeps the tension on the chain as J awakens with a jolt!&nbsp; He is completely confused at first, but with one look at his attire, and the chain lead attached to his chastity device, he is instantly reminded of his situation.&nbsp; He quickly rises to his knees. The chastity cage digging into the base of his scrotum.

"Get your face to my ass and tend to my farts!"&nbsp; She shifts and hangs her ass over the side of the bed, pulling him over to her with the chain lead.&nbsp; J painfully kneels under her ass, and wraps his lips tightly around her sphincter.&nbsp; He prepares for the first blast.&nbsp; There are several short ones that he successfully disposes of, but the last fart is a very long one, much more than he can handle.&nbsp; He can feel her gas escaping around his lips and he tries desperately to sniff it in with his nose.&nbsp; He's not quick enough, unfortunately.&nbsp; The smell is terrible.&nbsp; He cringes at what is about to come.&nbsp; Nicole has heard the fart escaping, and knows he has failed.

She turns around and sniffs the air "You useless slave, how dare you make me smell that gas!&nbsp; You're supposed to eat it all!&nbsp; You know the rules!" she yells, trying not to show the little smirk on her lips, as she reaches over to the night-side table for her martinet.

"Turn around" she orders, "Ass in the air!"&nbsp; She kneels up on the bed, looking forward to the morning workout of punishing lashes.&nbsp; J hurriedly assumes the position.&nbsp; "Now beg me for these lashes!&nbsp; Beg me for the whip that will make you better!"

This is new for him.&nbsp; He has never had to beg for his punishment before.&nbsp; But he knows he must, or the punishment will be doubly severe.&nbsp; "Yes Miss, please, please discipline me!&nbsp; Make me better for you!&nbsp; Please Mistress, i beg you, whip me very, very hard, so i will remember the consequences when i dont please you!"&nbsp; It feels strange for him to be begging for something he hates so much.&nbsp; He still has open welts from last night's countless lashes from her cane.&nbsp; 

He holds his ass as high up as he can, legs spread wide, head on the floor, with his face turned towards her, as she likes.&nbsp; Their eyes meet. She raises the martinet high in the air and brings it down with full force, the strands of the short whip lashing him in several sensitive areas at once.&nbsp; She starts into a rythmic lashing. Over and over until J can barely kneel.&nbsp; On and on until he is screaming and pleading for her to stop!&nbsp; Finally his hips buckle, and he collapses to the floor.

"Get up slut!&nbsp; We're far from finished here!&nbsp; Lean back against the bed.&nbsp; Get your face up on the mattress."&nbsp;&nbsp; He raises himself painfully, and assumes the new position.&nbsp; She lays into him with more painful strokes to his nipples,&nbsp; caged cock and thighs.&nbsp; J is squirming and pleading for her to stop. But to no avail.&nbsp; Lash after lash, she continues the whipping until she reaches the end of her strength.&nbsp; J is shaking from the vicious onslaught!

She throws the whip to the floor, and collapses back onto the bed, her face flushed with pleasure, and her breathing short and ragged.&nbsp; She takes a few moments to collect herself. Her pussy is dripping and throbbing. 

She rises up again and kneels over J's face. "You're going to freshen up my cunt now slave. Lick off all the nights residue from between my lips.&nbsp; Tongue out!"&nbsp; She begins to slide her pussy lips back and forth over J's tongue.&nbsp; "Clean it! Stick your tongue out further.&nbsp; Get deep in there, slut. Lick it all out!"&nbsp; She moves herself up and down on his outstretched tongue.&nbsp; 

J does his best to lick and suck her cunt lips clean.&nbsp; Her scent is very strong and she also has her asshole pressed up against his nose, so he is engulfed in her aromas.&nbsp; His cock begins to stiffen inside the chastity cage.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As it swells and fills the cage, he begins to feel the metal studs digging in.&nbsp; The pain is excrutiating, but his cries are muffled as Nicole forces herself down onto his face, covering his nose and mouth so he cant breath.&nbsp; She reaches back and digs her nails into his nipples.&nbsp; More agony!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

He begins flailing helplessly as he runs out of air.&nbsp; She rises up slightly and farts again in his face, just as he's gasping in his first breath.&nbsp; She laughs wickedly at this, and then plunges down on him again.&nbsp; This time she places her asshole right on his mouth.

"Get your tongue deep in there, slave" she says, as she wiggles her ass deeper onto his outstretched tongue. " Loosen me up for my morning movement. Thats right, massage my passage with your nasty little tongue stick!&nbsp; Mmm, i like it. Keep probing!"&nbsp; She moves up and down on his tongue, delighting in the sensation of his little snake-like probiscus, penetrating and licking her anus.&nbsp; The feeling of his little flesh stick eagerly probing and stimulating her anal ring, is beginning to stimulate her and relax her.
&nbsp; 
She could subject him right now to the vile act, if she wished.&nbsp; But decides to stick with her plan, of making his first introduction to toilet slavery, a very long and drawn out one.

"This shall become a morning ritual from now on, J.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every day you will loosen and relax my shithole with your tongue!&nbsp; Getting me ready for my morning dump.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you'll be there at the end, too,&nbsp; ready to lick me spotlessly clean!"&nbsp; She laughs as she sees him grimace in disgust!&nbsp; Little does he know just how much worse things are going to get for him, in between the loosening of her sphincter and the cleanup at the end.&nbsp;&nbsp; "You are going to be maintaining my ass and cunt to a very _high_standard!&nbsp; Do you understand!?&nbsp;&nbsp; You will see that there is still much for you to learn, in that regard.&nbsp; Very much."&nbsp; she laughs wickedly.

As she forces herself down onto his tongue, she pushes hard to make sure that he gets his first taste of her crowning log. "Keep your tongue in position, slut!" He tries to turn his head away, but she digs her heels into each side of his head to pin him there.&nbsp; "Taste me J!&nbsp; Taste all of me!&nbsp; Your going to get used to all my flavours, including my shit!" 

She lifts off suddenly.&nbsp; Taking the prize of her taste and scent away from him.&nbsp; Leaving him wanting.&nbsp; Leaving him panting and desiring her taste even more.
His cock is bulging painfully inside the steel chastity cage.&nbsp;&nbsp; He may be enjoying it so far, she muses, but doubts that he will be enjoying the next phase in store for him.&nbsp; As a matter of fact, she is determined to make it as unenjoyable as possible!

"All right my little whore.&nbsp; Go change into all white lingerie. And then meet me in the basement toilet room.&nbsp; I have a few surprises waiting for you!" 
 She almost had a look of pity in her eyes, but the little smirk on her lips belied her true feelings.&nbsp; And it made J quite fearful of what was to come next.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

to be continued... 
&nbsp; 

















TWISTED GUARDIAN Part 4 By Blushing slut

The next morning, we find ourselves looking down on a scene of peaceful domestic bliss. Although it be a somewhat twisted vision, it is a snapshot of a sublime moment between Mistress and slave. Where all is quiet. All the training, and humiliation and vicious disciplines from the night before, are just like mist in the air now. Slow images that pass through our minds-eye when we first awake. The ones that make cocks stiffen, and pussies moisten.

Picture Nicole, stretched out across the sumptuous master bed, in the grande suite of the villa. Satin sheets cooling her skin from the heat of the early morning sun. It brews quickly in the summers, in the south of Spain. The sweet smell of fennel and rosemary drift in through the window, with the hot inland breeze. 

She has just awoken from a deep slumber, and is drifting slowly through all the events of the previous evening. The ones she languishes on, are the moments when J was the most humiliated, by the forced fart consumption. Those times when he resisted the most, and had to be whipped and restrained and forced, as a consequence. When he coughed and choked and gagged, and begged for a pause to the training. 

It was those moments that she had had screaming orgasms, and it is those moments that she lingers on now, in her awakening thoughts. Her fingers move to her pussy. It is already wet and slick from her day-dreaming. 

Her fingers dance across her clitoris and in between her labia. She is thinking, with great excitement, about her plans for J today. Her plans to humiliate him in the most ultimate of ways. She can see him under her, with that begging submissive look in his eyes, and the little plaintive whimpers that he makes. And she can see the look of shock and horror when he realizes just how depraved she really is! How she loves to see him helpless and denigrated,begging sometimes, to be spared the pain and humiliations that she delivers.

Yes, today is the day that Nicole has been dreaming and planning for. The day that J will suffer the worst humiliation of his life! 

Her fingers continue their dance over her swollen mound. Her lips curl into a wicked smile. She runs her tongue across the tip of her teeth. She can almost taste the ecstacy of this new experience, soon to reach completion in the hours ahead. It will be a first for her. 

We see J, curled up on his small rug at the side of her bed. Still asleep. There is a thin chain lead, that is drooped over one of the posters on the bed. It is attached to a rather diabolical, stainless steel chastity device, that Nicole has fitted him with. There are fairly sharp, pointed steel studs, that can be screwed in our out to different depths within the cage. If the cock is stimulated in any way, the depth of the steel studs, determine the amount of pain delivered to the unruly erection.

Nicole was delighted when she had found the device, in one of her mail-order catalogues. She had convinced his parents to give consent, to introducing a chastity belt into his daily regimen, citing uncontrolled masturbations in the middle of the night. She had spent a long time looking at the cold steel cage, almost drooling over the possibilities. There were long screws on each stud, so that they could be turned in quite far. The pain could be excrutiating, if desired. And she was fully prepared to take it to the limits of what J could endure. And beyond.

She rolls over to the side of the bed and looks down at J. He is still dressed in his skimpy little maids outfit that he had worn the entire day previous. Quite crumpled and stained with her cunt juices and little streaks of blood from some of the more vicious welts she had produced with her cane. So demure and submissive he looks, curled up on his little rug, with just a glint of the stainless steel cage between his legs., that she had fitted on him before bed-time. 

Nicole reaches up for the thin chain looped around the poster. She wraps it around her palm a few times, and relishes the feeling of absolute control she has over the creature at her feet. We see a glint in her eye, as she prepares to awaken her little servant.

She yanks the chain hard. "Wake up, fart sucker!!!" she yells, at the top of her voice.

She keeps the tension on the chain, as J awakens with a jolt! He is completely confused at first, but with one look at his attire, and the chain lead attached to his chastity device, he is instantly reminded of his situation. He quickly rises to his knees. The chastity cage digging into the base of his scrotum.

"Get your face to my ass and tend to my farts!" She shifts and hangs her ass over the side of the bed, pulling him over to her with the chain lead. J painfully kneels under her ass, and wraps his lips tightly around her sphincter. He prepares for the first blast. There are several short ones that he successfully disposes of, but the last fart is a very long one, much more than he can handle. He can feel her gas escaping around his lips and he tries desperately to sniff it in with his nose. He's not quick enough, unfortunately. The smell is terrible. He cringes at what is about to come. Nicole has heard the fart escaping, and knows he has failed.

She turns around and sniffs the air "You useless slave, how dare you make me smell that gas! You're supposed to eat it all! You know the rules!" she yells, trying not to show the little smirk on her lips, as she reaches over to the night-side table for her martinet.

"Turn around" she orders, "Ass in the air!" She kneels up on the bed, looking forward to the morning workout of punishing lashes. J hurriedly assumes the position. "Now beg me for these lashes! Beg me for the whip that will make you better!"

This is new for him. He has never had to beg for his punishment before. But he knows he must, or the punishment will be doubly severe. "Yes Miss, please, please discipline me! Make me better for you! Please Mistress, i beg you, whip me hard, so i will remember the consequences when i dont please you!" It feels strange for him to be begging for something he hates so much. More lashes upon his open welts, might be more than he can bare. But his begging is convincing enough for her.

"Then i shall whip you extra hard, as you've so eloquently begged for! Such a good slave your becoming. An obedient little bitch! 

He holds his ass as high up as he can, legs spread wide, head on the floor, with his face turned towards her, as she likes. Their eyes meet. She raises the martinet high in the air and brings it down with full force, the strands of the short whip lashing him in several sensitive areas at once. She starts into a rythmic thrashing. Over and over, until J can barely kneel. On and on until he is screaming and pleading for her to stop! Finally his hips buckle, and he collapses to the floor.

"Get up slut! We're far from finished here! Lean back against the bed. Get your face up on the mattress." He raises himself painfully, and assumes the new position. She lays into him with more painful strokes to his nipples, caged cock and thighs. J is squirming and pleading for her to stop. But to no avail. She holds his head between her thighs, with her knees dug into his chest. Lash after lash, she continues the whipping until she reaches the end of her strength. J is shaking from the vicious onslaught!

She throws the whip to the floor, and collapses back onto the bed, her face flushed with pleasure, and her breathing short and ragged. She takes a few moments to collect herself. Her pussy is dripping and throbbing. 

She rises up again and kneels over J's face. "You're going to freshen up my cunt now slave. Lick off all the nights residue from between my lips. Tongue out!" She begins to slide her pussy lips back and forth over J's tongue. "Clean it! Stick your tongue out further. Get deep in there, slut. Lick it all out!" She moves herself up and down on his outstretched tongue. 

J does his best to lick and suck her cunt lips clean. Her scent is very strong and she also has her asshole pressed up against his nose, so he is engulfed in her aromas. His cock begins to stiffen inside the chastity cage. As it swells and fills the cage, he begins to feel the metal studs digging in. The pain is excrutiating, but his cries are muffled as Nicole forces herself down onto his face, covering his nose and mouth so he cant breath. She reaches back and digs her nails into his nipples. More agony! 

He begins flailing helplessly as he runs out of air. She rises up slightly and farts again in his face, just as he's gasping in his first breath. She laughs wickedly at this, and then plunges down on him again. This time she places her asshole right on his mouth.

"Get your tongue deep in there, slave" she says, as she wiggles her ass deeper onto his outstretched tongue. " Loosen me up for my morning movement. Thats right, massage my passage with your nasty little tongue stick! Mmm, I like it. Keep probing!" She moves up and down on his tongue, delighting in the sensation of his little snake-like probiscus, penetrating and licking her anus. The feeling of his little flesh stick eagerly probing and stimulating her anal ring, is beginning to stimulate her and relax her.

She could subject him right now to the vile act, if she wished. But that would be too fast, too soon. She sticks with her plan, of making his first introduction to toilet slavery, a very long and drawn out one.

"This shall become a morning ritual from now on, J. Every day you will loosen and relax my shithole with your tongue! Getting me ready for my morning dump. And you'll be there at the end, too, ready to lick me spotlessly clean!" She laughs as she sees him grimace in disgust! Little does he know just how much worse things are going to get for him, in between the loosening of her sphincter and the cleanup at the end. "You are going to be maintaining my ass and cunt to a very _high_standard! Do you understand!? You will see that there is still much for you to learn, in that regard. Very much!" 

As she forces herself down onto his tongue, she pushes hard to make sure that he gets his first taste of her crowning log. "Keep your tongue in position, slut!" He tries to turn his head away, but she digs her heels into each side of his head to pin him there. "Taste me slave! Taste all of me! Your going to get used to all my flavours, including my shit!" 

She lifts off suddenly. Taking the prize of her taste and scent away from him. Leaving him wanting. Leaving him panting and desiring her taste even more.

His cock is bulging painfully inside the steel chastity cage. He may be enjoying it so far, she muses, but doubts that he will be enjoying the next phase in store for him. As a matter of fact, she is determined to make it as unenjoyable as possible!

"All right my little whore. Go change into all white lingerie. And then meet me in the basement toilet room. I have a few surprises waiting for you!"

She almost had a look of pity in her eyes, but the little smirk on her lips belied her true feelings. And it made J quite fearful of what was to come next. He knew by now, that there were no limits to the pain and humiliation that she might put him through...

to be continued... 












Twisted Guardian Part 6 "The Ultimate Humiliation Begins." by Blushing slut


Nicole made her way through the villa, and down to the cellar staircase, that lead to the dungeon.
She paused at the top, sniffing the dank air that rose from below. Her senses were alive! The smell of the dungeon was not just of the mildew and damp and must. It also held the scent of all the previous torments that had happened here, long ago, in those long forgotten centuries. She could smell the thrill of the captor, holding the prey. And the fear and loathing of the captive. The walls had absorbed all the vestiges of the pain and suffering they'd witnessed. 

She licked her lips. She could just about taste the evilness of the place. Like a snake, tasting the air. It made her skin tingle with excitement! And it made the anticipation, for the new torments about to unfold, that much sweeter. 

She felt proud to be continuing the tradition of her ancestors. She was related by blood to the second and longest owner of the Villa, Don Ludolpho Del Castilla. She still bore the family name. And now, She was the Master of the Villa Castilla! She had already made its walls laugh out again, at the sound of whips upon naked flesh! And she would now, make the walls of this dungeon, sing proud again, with the echoes of the pleading cries of the hapless one! And imprint deep into the dirt floor, the vile acts that she would inflict upon him now! So that others, someday, would sniff it in the air, as well!

She descended the stairs, her thin spiked heels clicking in time with the lead-weighted cane that tapped behind her. She had also brought a six foot braided cattle whip with her, that hung off her belt and trailed behind her like a snake.

She reached the bottom and strode across the interrogation chamber, into the room where the rack stood. She went up to it , grasped the handle and gave the drum a full turn. She tested the leather wrist straps and inspected the metal strap platform. She was delighted to see that everything appeared to be in working order. Perhaps she would have J upon it sooner than she'd thought. 

It delighted her to know that he could probably here her inspecting the device. She gave another turn of the chain drum just to make sure. The wooden cogs creaked and whined. She knew he would be cringing in fear, by now, not having the slightest idea of what he was in for next! She proceeded over to the entrance of the toilet chamber.

She stood in the open archway and looked down upon her charge. He was kneeling, with his face pressed into the tiles, hands clasped behind his back, toes pointed in mid-air, like a ballerina, and his ass positioned as high up as possible. Just like she'd taught him. He was quivering slightly. His satin chemise was pulled up into the small of his back, and his panties were pulled down just below his ass cheeks. He was such an eager little slut, she thought to herself. He'd learned most of his lessons quite well.

She disconnected the cattle whip from her belt. She swung it back and forward and cracked the air with a vicious snap! J visibly cringed! "Aren't you a sweet looking desert!" she chuckled.

"How long have you been in that position, slave? Be honest!" she snapped, striding into the chamber and digging her boot-heel into the flesh of his ass cheek. "Just now miss, as you entered the dungeon" he winced at his words, knowing they would displease her.

"You devious little whore! How dare you try to deceive me! Get that ass up higher! Hold it like that!" she cried out angrily. She removed her heel from his tender skin, leaving a deep red imprint where it had dug in. "Whenever i tell you to wait for me, THIS is the position i expect you in, for the full duration!" She kicked him hard in his balls! He shrieked in pain!

She took two steps back from him and slowly ran the cattle-whip through the palm of her hand, from butt to tip. "Look at me!" she hissed. J turned his head, struggling to maintain the difficult pose she had him in, as the dull ache grew in his groin.

He got his first look at the brutal whip. The handle was shaped as a large black cock. The black and green braided strips, came off the handle and slowly tapered down the six foot length, to where the final two strands were flat braided for the last several inches. It was designed to move an eight hundred pound steer, with one lash. J could only imagine what it might do to his tender flesh! He knew he was about to find out!

The whip snaked through her hand. She had a very cruel smile on her lips. "Meet your new maiden, J. Kiss her tail." she held the tip to his lips. "Kiss the girl who will make you better for me." He pressed his lips to the heavy, braided tail of the whip. He kissed it as passionately as he could. And it was not false passion. He knew by now, that all of the impliments she had used on him, during his training, did indeed make him perform better for her.

And wasnt that what he loved to do? Wasn't that his greatest passion of all? To truly please his Mistress, and see her smiling down at him, for some lesson well learned? To see her spent with pleasure, her sadistic desires satiated by what she had just unleashed upon him, and what he had so willingly just endured for her?

Oh Yes. He kissed the Maidens Tail, quite fervently! Even though he feared it terribly! If it had been in anyone elses hand, he would have tried to escape. But not when it was in the hand, of the woman he adored and worshipped!

She drew the tail back up to her hand and clenched the end of it. "You will receive five of her kisses in return, now, for your deceptive behaviour, you little whore! Get that ass higher for me!" She stepped back, and quickly swung the whip down straight across one of his quivering ass cheeks! The whistle and the snap, preceding the blow, all serving to throw J into a paroxysm of fear and agony! The pain was searing! He was still able to maintain a semblance of his correct posture, though.

She didn't delay on the second lash. She was in perfect stance as she swung and cracked the whip on the very same tender spot, at the top of his ass cheek, just below his waist! Nor did she delay on the third and forth, both striking the same worried spot! J crumpled to the floor, sobbing quietly from the pain of the vicious welt forming on his ass.

"Get up!" she yelled "Get up now! This round isn't over yet! That'll be an extra one for not maintaining your stance!" He moved quickly back into position.

Again, with no delay, she wielded her whip, with two strikes to the same bulging welt that had formed on his ass-cheek. He cried out, wailing for her to please have mercy! Not even realizing he'd received the six!

She knelt down beside him and softly caressed his swollen welt. He was on the verge of sobbing, but held it in, "There there, my good boy. You took those very well. Dear me. If that was a half ton bull i had just subjected those lashes to, he'd be busting through the fences, by now! Now you know what this fine maiden is capable of, don't you? You wont want to cross her path too often, will you?" she asked softly.

"No Mistress Nicole. I only want to try to do good for you. I dont ever want to deserve lashes like that! You'll see how hard i'll work to avoid them!" He looked up at her pleadingly.

"Oh dear." she smirked "But you've forgotten that i take great pleasure in administering your suffering. You dont need to deserve it. You only need to take what i wish to give you. I dont ever need to have a reason to have my fun with you, now do I?"

He lowered his eyes "Of course not mistress. How silly of me." 
"Quite" she nodded "But your still learning. I will forgive you that. Now lets move on to the matters at hand, shall we?" she slapped him gently in the face and rose.

"Now, when i first arrived here today, i was struck by the fact that you had been kneeling, or more likely lounging , in front of this toilet throne for over an hour. And that you apparently didnt have the common sense to figure out what your correct position in this device might be, and that perhaps you should be in said position before i arrived. Hmmm? Where we distracted in some way?" she placed her hand under his chin and turned his face to hers.

"Yes, miss, i guess i was." he said nervously. "And why?" she queried. "I guess i was caught up in all the ideas running through my head, about what you might have planned for me" he said, hoping his answer was sufficient. "Well i can tell you, J, that you probably havent imagined the worst that i can do to you, here in this chamber. I'm sure i havent either." she laughed!

She slowly withdrew her lead weighted cane from her belt. He lowered his eyes in fear. She took the tip of the cane, and brought it to the rim of the head-pit, under the throne. She reached down and unbuckled the claw device from one of the straps, and then traced the tip of her cane around the top edge of the pit.

She leaned down, placing her face inches from his. Her eyes blazed! She began to speak in a low, gutteral voice "Get your fucking head into this pit, where it belongs, you filthy little slut! I'm gonna teach you just how much i want you to suffer for me. And you're going to learn to love it! You will be begging me for all the treats i give you, all the disgusting things i'm going to put into that slut mouth of yours. Genuinely begging me! Thats what i'm going to bring you to, slave! It's what_ I'm_ going _to_ get!" she bared her teeth ominously. He knew that the moment was now here. The moment he had been fearing the most. And the one that Nicole had been waiting for with such relish.

He quickly got himself into position, placing his head down into the toilet pit, and proferring his wrists to her, for the manacles to be placed upon him. She straddled him. After placing his wrists into the steel cuffs, she reached up and slowly unzipped the crotch of her cat-suit. All the way round to well up above her ass.

She stepped up onto the toilet seat, and slowly squatted down so that her asshole was just inches from his mouth. She looked down at him. "Now, as promised,slut, you're going to wiggle that little tongue of yours, deep into my hole and loosen me, for my morning passage. Perform!"

to be continued... 










TWISTED GUARDIAN Part 7 "Forced Entry" by Blushing slut



J looked up at Nicoles beautiful asshole, hovering just above him. Her command was clear. He extended his tongue up to her tight little nub and pointed it, and made it as stiff as he could make it, and slid it inside of her.

She moaned softly. "Thats it, boy. Nice and stiff for me now." She started to raise her hips up and down, making his tongue go in and out of her, revelling in the sensation of his soft probing of her tight little anal ring.

She started to relax into the rythym of his tongueing. Up and down, in and out... She reached down to her clit, and with one finger started to flick it. The first signs of dew began to form on her inner lips.

"Mmm, that's very good, my slut. Keep working it. Don't stop." She reached up and pinched one of her nipples through the rubber suit. She could cum, right here, right now...

She slid her fingers lightly over her outer lips and continued her rythmic fucking of his tongue.

"Now just work on the ring. Massage it and relax it with your tongue." she said softly, moving her ass in a small circular movement. His tongue worked hard to relax the tight opening. Soon, though, they could both feel it open more. It allowed him to get his tongue in further. He began to give her stiff long licks from very deep inside of her hole, to the very outer anal ring.

Her hole opened even more. He was mesmerized by the effect he was having upon her. She moaned softly, and unzipped the top of her suit, and reached in to her sweaty breasts. She cupped them in both hands, squeezing them as if to extract even more pleasure out of the delicious tongueing she was receiving.

She could feel herself loosening. Soon it would come. She was moving her ass quite vigourously now. She had never had such pleasure in her asshole before. It was nothing like the pain of getting stretched by an invading cock. This was incredible! And she was the one in control!
She promised herself that she would have this every day, from this moment on!

She reached down to his nipples and pinched them lightly between her nails. "Deep, deep, inside me now!" she gasped, as she gradually increased the pressure on his little nubs. "Deeper!" She breathed lustily as she pushed her hole further down on his soft tongue!

And then he felt it! He felt her pushing out her first log, but his tongue was deep inside her! He began to panic! The memory of literally drowning in Brianna's shit came back to him. "Oh Mistress" he cried, as he removed his tongue from her hole, and turned his head away "Please Mistress, i cant do this, i'm not ready, please dont make me! Please!"

She lifted herself up off of him, delighting in the brown stain on the end of his tongue. "You dont think you're ready to taste my shit yet, you filthy whore?" she dug her nails in deeper, held them for a moment, then released them suddenly. The pain was searing as the blood rushed back into his nipples. "I suspected as much!" she said angrily, as she stepped off the throne, grabbing her cane and giving him two painful swats on his nipples!

She walked out of the chamber to the other room. He could here her rustling through various pieces of gear she had stored there. She came back in with a loop of rope, and a long black stick with straps on each end. She also had a pair of butterfly nipple clamps, dangling from three long chains. They were the type that clamped tighter if the chains were pulled on.

She threw it all on the floor in a heap. She walked over to him and placed her booted foot on his chest. Dont you move a muscle, you little fucker!" she growled. She dug her spike heel right into one of his nubs! He yelled in agony.

She reached down to the claw device, the mouth-spreader, and looped the other strap through it. "Open your mouth wide. Wider!" she said, as she twisted her heel point around on his nipple!

"Aaaahhhh, Mistress, please, oh please...dont put that on me ...please!" he cried, He was getting quite scared of just how far she'd take him. He couldnt eat her shit! He just couldn't!!

"Please, please dont make me eat your shit Mistress, please!" he begged

"Now who said anything about eating someones shit? Hmm? she chuckled "Now open that fucking mouth wider!!" she yelled. She forced the four claws under his lips then pulled the straps tight, until his mouth was spread wide open. This also prevented him from turning his head, in any way.

She removed her heel from his nipple, picked up the rope and proceeded to wrap his ankles crossed, and then looped the rope into a ring on the wall. The black stick was a knee-spreader that she fitted him into next. Once it was strapped on to him she took the rope on his ankles and pulled until he was stretched tightly. She took the butterfly clips and clamped them onto his nipples, adjusting the screws up until he just started to squirm. She attached the third chain to the loop in the end of the steel chastity sheath. Grabbing all three chains she remounted the toilet throne, planting her boots onto the seat, and squatting down over his face.

She looked down at him, with her lips pursed into an evil smile. "Dont you look open and willing, my little slut! Haha. Lets see you stick that tongue out nice and far now." He stretched his tongue out of his clamped lips. "Dear me i can still see a brown streak on that filthy little thing! You should have had that clean by now!" she scolded "Well then, nothing for it, we're gonna have to wash it off, arent we?" 

She positioned her cunt right over his open hole and unleashed a sudden torrent of piss, filling him up to the brim in seconds. She laughed as she saw the terror in his eyes. She stopped, not wanting to waist any. "Now dont you swallow that until I tell you. Lets give that tongue a liitle swirl, shall we? Good, Now swallow it. Now! All of it!" she pulled on the chains. His eyes squeezed shut and he began to swallow the foul liquid, gulp by gulp. He coughed and sputtered when he was finished.

"Now lick me clean!" She pushed her cunt down hard against his lips, as he licked the drops off. She smeared her wet lips on his nose, and all over his face. "Now lets get back to where we left off, shall we?" She positioned her asshole over him and flexed it. He could see it bulge out, as she blew out a nasty fart! "Where's my little fart-sucker, hmm? she teased. "I can smell that gas, J! Your not doing your job properly!" She took her cane and gave him several hard swipes on his spread thighs!

She pushed hard, again, and her anal ring bulged out towards his tongue. She mounted it and got his tongue in about an inch and just started softly riding it. Slowly in and out. "Make your tongue stiffer!" she commanded, as she pulled hard on the chains again. The butterfly clips dug in excrutiatingly, and his cock got pulled harder into the steel studs of the chastity cage.

She felt the shit moving inside her. She pulled off his tongue. Her hole was gaping, and he could actually see the shit, a little ways in. He moaned and tried to beg, but the claws prevented him! She reached down and pulled her ass cheeks open wider. She had put on black rubber gloves. The sight of her made his cock stiffen painfully.

She looked down at him, menacingly "I always knew you'd be my shit eater for me someday, you filthy animal! Ever since i read all your grimy little stories! And heard your whiney little tale about that school-girl shitting in your face. Poor J didnt like it. Haha!" she mocked. J's eyes were wide open with fear and loathing.

"Well she just didn't train you properly, is all. Didn't break you in slowly like i'm going to!" she laughed wickedly. J was starting to strain against his bonds, moaning and mouthing unintelligible words!

She grunted a little, and J could see the tip of her log sliding down her hole until it breached and started to ooze out toward his waiting mouth! He shut his eyes and braced himself. She held her stiff log in place. It was sticking just a few inches out of her hole. She moved her ass down and just touched the tip of her shit onto his tongue.

"Get your tongue out further, now. I want you to take small licks of that log. C'mon, wrap that slutty little tongue around my log!" Nicole was not a patient woman. She reached down and gave him several hard swipes on the insides of his calves, with her cane. "Lick my shit! Do it!" she yelled.

He started to lick the side of the log. It was terrible! But he kept on, trying to do his best to keep up with her commands. He looked up at her beautiful ass as distraction, but the smell was overwhelming, and he could almost feel himself about to start heaving his guts up!

"Hold your tongue still now,slut." She looked down and placed the hard log on the puffy surface, and began to slide it back and forth, delighting in the thick brown streak it was leaving! "Taste me you little whore! Taste your Goddess. You are so lucky that i am sharing myself with you, this way!

His saliva was starting to pool in the back of his mouth, mixed in with the shit that he had licked off. He could only breath through his nose now. Something Nicole was quite aware of. She dribbled some more of her pee into his hole. Some of it trickled down the stiff log. "Now you dont swallow that till i tell you!" she warned him, accentuating it with two cane strokes to the side of his belly.

She shifted backward, so the log started to rub against his nose. She moved her ass in small circles, rubbing it all over his nostrils. His spit had made it softer and his nose slowly became slathered in her shit. She brought her gloved hand down to the slit between her cunt lips, and started dancing over all her special places, with her fingers. Her eyes rolled back in her head."Not yet, not yet, she thought. Not till he has some in his belly!" Her lips curled into a delicious, wicked smile.

She rubbed the log harder against his nose, until it broke off and fell just under his nostrils. "Perfect" she thought. She took the key from around her neck, and bent forward and released the two locks on his chastity cage. She released his abused cock and it sprung to stiff attention immediately. She started rubbing it back and forth. "My my! One would think you almost enjoyed this, you filthy whore! Look at this erection! Eww and such an abused looking little cocklette! Those studs have done there job well, havent they? Dont worry. No answer required." she laughed. She spit on it, and kept stroking and teasing and pinching it.

"Welcome to your new job description, slut." She held her ass up high above him, and squirted out another short log, directly into his mouth. "Mistress Nicola's fully functional toilet and ass wipe service!" she laughed. She reached down and picked up the log that had fallen into his mouth. She held it up to his tongue. "Lick it slut! Lick it like an all day sucker! Cus i've got allll day, to make sure you get your first lessons right!" 

He worked his tongue franticly on her hard log. Trying to get it over with as quickly as possible. He was making pathetic little sucking noises, that brought Nicoles fingers back to her cunt lips. She looked down at him. She knew it was going to get a whole lot worse for him throughout the rest of the day and evening. But, like the fart sucking training, the first day was always the most fruitful, when it came to pushing a slaves limits. She'd been holding off on her first orgasm for several hours now. As her fingers stroked her clit and penetrated her hole, she knew she couldn't hold off much longer. She placed the log back into his mouth and smooged it around with her finger, mixing it in with her pee.

"I think it's time to swallow that mess in your mouth, slave. C'mon, choke it down for me!"
She worked on his cock harder. From now on, she had decided, the only time his cock would be released, would be when he had her shit in his mouth. She would have him begging for her shit eventually! She would do everything it took to turn him into an obedient, full-time, full toilet!

J choked and gagged as he began to swallow the slurry in his mouth! Nicole took the butt end of the cattle whip and stuck it deep into her cunt. She rubbed her clit hard with her other hand, as she looked down at him. She started undulating her hips. Her breathing became short and ragged. She plunged the whip handle in and out of her cunt. She felt the first delicious sensations of climax, warmly burning deep inside her belly. Slowly, slowly they began to rise. "Eat my shit, you filthy animal! Eat it! Swallow it! Taste your Goddess!" she almost shrieked!

"I'm in you now...I'm in you now!" She started bucking her hips wildly. The whip handle was starting to drip with her juices! At that supercharged moment, she brought her asshole back down, and started smearing her shit all over his face. J was sobbing now. His tears were the sweet tipping point for her. She looked down at the degraded animal below her, and came and came and came...like she had never...ever...cum before!

"And the day_ is still_ so young!!!" she cried out jubilantly!

to be continued












TWISTED GUARDIAN Part 7 "Forced Entry" by Blushing slut



J looked up at Nicoles beautiful asshole, hovering just above him. Her command was clear. He extended his tongue up to her tight little nub and pointed it, and made it as stiff as he could make it, and slid it inside of her.

She moaned softly. "Thats it, boy. Nice and stiff for me now." She started to raise her hips up and down, making his tongue go in and out of her, revelling in the sensation of his soft probing of her tight little anal ring.

She started to relax into the rythym of his tongueing. Up and down, in and out... She reached down to her clit, and with one finger started to flick it. The first signs of dew began to form on her inner lips.

"Mmm, that's very good, my slut. Keep working it. Don't stop." She reached up and pinched one of her nipples through the rubber suit. She could cum, right here, right now...

She slid her fingers lightly over her outer lips and continued her rythmic fucking of his tongue.

"Now just work on the ring. Massage it and relax it with your tongue." she said softly, moving her ass in a small circular movement. His tongue worked hard to relax the tight opening. Soon, though, they could both feel it open more. It allowed him to get his tongue in further. He began to give her stiff long licks from very deep inside of her hole, to the very outer anal ring.

Her hole opened even more. He was mesmerized by the effect he was having upon her. She moaned softly, and unzipped the top of her suit, and reached in to her sweaty breasts. She cupped them in both hands, squeezing them as if to extract even more pleasure out of the delicious tongueing she was receiving.

She could feel herself loosening. Soon it would come. She was moving her ass quite vigourously now. She had never had such pleasure in her asshole before. It was nothing like the pain of getting stretched by an invading cock. This was incredible! And she was the one in control!
She promised herself that she would have this every day, from this moment on!

She reached down to his nipples and pinched them lightly between her nails. "Deep, deep, inside me now!" she gasped, as she gradually increased the pressure on his little nubs. "Deeper!" She breathed lustily as she pushed her hole further down on his soft tongue!

And then he felt it! He felt her pushing out her first log, but his tongue was deep inside her! He began to panic! The memory of literally drowning in Brianna's shit came back to him. "Oh Mistress" he cried, as he removed his tongue from her hole, and turned his head away "Please Mistress, i cant do this, i'm not ready, please dont make me! Please!"

She lifted herself up off of him, delighting in the brown stain on the end of his tongue. "You dont think you're ready to taste my shit yet, you filthy whore?" she dug her nails in deeper, held them for a moment, then released them suddenly. The pain was searing as the blood rushed back into his nipples. "I suspected as much!" she said angrily, as she stepped off the throne, grabbing her cane and giving him two painful swats on his nipples!

She walked out of the chamber to the other room. He could here her rustling through various pieces of gear she had stored there. She came back in with a loop of rope, and a long black stick with straps on each end. She also had a pair of butterfly nipple clamps, dangling from three long chains. They were the type that clamped tighter if the chains were pulled on.

She threw it all on the floor in a heap. She walked over to him and placed her booted foot on his chest. Dont you move a muscle, you little fucker!" she growled. She dug her spike heel right into one of his nubs! He yelled in agony.

She reached down to the claw device, the mouth-spreader, and looped the other strap through it. "Open your mouth wide. Wider!" she said, as she twisted her heel point around on his nipple!

"Aaaahhhh, Mistress, please, oh please...dont put that on me ...please!" he cried, He was getting quite scared of just how far she'd take him. He couldnt eat her shit! He just couldn't!!

"Please, please dont make me eat your shit Mistress, please!" he begged

"Now who said anything about eating someones shit? Hmm? she chuckled "Now open that fucking mouth wider!!" she yelled. She forced the four claws under his lips then pulled the straps tight, until his mouth was spread wide open. This also prevented him from turning his head, in any way.

She removed her heel from his nipple, picked up the rope and proceeded to wrap his ankles crossed, and then looped the rope into a ring on the wall. The black stick was a knee-spreader that she fitted him into next. Once it was strapped on to him she took the rope on his ankles and pulled until he was stretched tightly. She took the butterfly clips and clamped them onto his nipples, adjusting the screws up until he just started to squirm. She attached the third chain to the loop in the end of the steel chastity sheath. Grabbing all three chains she remounted the toilet throne, planting her boots onto the seat, and squatting down over his face.

She looked down at him, with her lips pursed into an evil smile. "Dont you look open and willing, my little slut! Haha. Lets see you stick that tongue out nice and far now." He stretched his tongue out of his clamped lips. "Dear me i can still see a brown streak on that filthy little thing! You should have had that clean by now!" she scolded "Well then, nothing for it, we're gonna have to wash it off, arent we?" 

She positioned her cunt right over his open hole and unleashed a sudden torrent of piss, filling him up to the brim in seconds. She laughed as she saw the terror in his eyes. She stopped, not wanting to waist any. "Now dont you swallow that until I tell you. Lets give that tongue a liitle swirl, shall we? Good, Now swallow it. Now! All of it!" she pulled on the chains. His eyes squeezed shut and he began to swallow the foul liquid, gulp by gulp. He coughed and sputtered when he was finished.

"Now lick me clean!" She pushed her cunt down hard against his lips, as he licked the drops off. She smeared her wet lips on his nose, and all over his face. "Now lets get back to where we left off, shall we?" She positioned her asshole over him and flexed it. He could see it bulge out, as she blew out a nasty fart! "Where's my little fart-sucker, hmm? she teased. "I can smell that gas, J! Your not doing your job properly!" She took her cane and gave him several hard swipes on his spread thighs!

She pushed hard, again, and her anal ring bulged out towards his tongue. She mounted it and got his tongue in about an inch and just started softly riding it. Slowly in and out. "Make your tongue stiffer!" she commanded, as she pulled hard on the chains again. The butterfly clips dug in excrutiatingly, and his cock got pulled harder into the steel studs of the chastity cage.

She felt the shit moving inside her. She pulled off his tongue. Her hole was gaping, and he could actually see the shit, a little ways in. He moaned and tried to beg, but the claws prevented him! She reached down and pulled her ass cheeks open wider. She had put on black rubber gloves. The sight of her made his cock stiffen painfully.

She looked down at him, menacingly "I always knew you'd be my shit eater for me someday, you filthy animal! Ever since i read all your grimy little stories! And heard your whiney little tale about that school-girl shitting in your face. Poor J didnt like it. Haha!" she mocked. J's eyes were wide open with fear and loathing.

"Well she just didn't train you properly, is all. Didn't break you in slowly like i'm going to!" she laughed wickedly. J was starting to strain against his bonds, moaning and mouthing unintelligible words!

She grunted a little, and J could see the tip of her log sliding down her hole until it breached and started to ooze out toward his waiting mouth! He shut his eyes and braced himself. She held her stiff log in place. It was sticking just a few inches out of her hole. She moved her ass down and just touched the tip of her shit onto his tongue.

"Get your tongue out further, now. I want you to take small licks of that log. C'mon, wrap that slutty little tongue around my log!" Nicole was not a patient woman. She reached down and gave him several hard swipes on the insides of his calves, with her cane. "Lick my shit! Do it!" she yelled.

He started to lick the side of the log. It was terrible! But he kept on, trying to do his best to keep up with her commands. He looked up at her beautiful ass as distraction, but the smell was overwhelming, and he could almost feel himself about to start heaving his guts up!

"Hold your tongue still now,slut." She looked down and placed the hard log on the puffy surface, and began to slide it back and forth, delighting in the thick brown streak it was leaving! "Taste me you little whore! Taste your Goddess. You are so lucky that i am sharing myself with you, this way!

His saliva was starting to pool in the back of his mouth, mixed in with the shit that he had licked off. He could only breath through his nose now. Something Nicole was quite aware of. She dribbled some more of her pee into his hole. Some of it trickled down the stiff log. "Now you dont swallow that till i tell you!" she warned him, accentuating it with two cane strokes to the side of his belly.

She shifted backward, so the log started to rub against his nose. She moved her ass in small circles, rubbing it all over his nostrils. His spit had made it softer and his nose slowly became slathered in her shit. She brought her gloved hand down to the slit between her cunt lips, and started dancing over all her special places, with her fingers. Her eyes rolled back in her head."Not yet, not yet, she thought. Not till he has some in his belly!" Her lips curled into a delicious, wicked smile.

She rubbed the log harder against his nose, until it broke off and fell just under his nostrils. "Perfect" she thought. She took the key from around her neck, and bent forward and released the two locks on his chastity cage. She released his abused cock and it sprung to stiff attention immediately. She started rubbing it back and forth. "My my! One would think you almost enjoyed this, you filthy whore! Look at this erection! Eww and such an abused looking little cocklette! Those studs have done there job well, havent they? Dont worry. No answer required." she laughed. She spit on it, and kept stroking and teasing and pinching it.

"Welcome to your new job description, slut." She held her ass up high above him, and squirted out another short log, directly into his mouth. "Mistress Nicola's fully functional toilet and ass wipe service!" she laughed. She reached down and picked up the log that had fallen into his mouth. She held it up to his tongue. "Lick it slut! Lick it like an all day sucker! Cus i've got allll day, to make sure you get your first lessons right!" 

He worked his tongue franticly on her hard log. Trying to get it over with as quickly as possible. He was making pathetic little sucking noises, that brought Nicoles fingers back to her cunt lips. She looked down at him. She knew it was going to get a whole lot worse for him throughout the rest of the day and evening. But, like the fart sucking training, the first day was always the most fruitful, when it came to pushing a slaves limits. She'd been holding off on her first orgasm for several hours now. As her fingers stroked her clit and penetrated her hole, she knew she couldn't hold off much longer. She placed the log back into his mouth and smooged it around with her finger, mixing it in with her pee.

"I think it's time to swallow that mess in your mouth, slave. C'mon, choke it down for me!"
She worked on his cock harder. From now on, she had decided, the only time his cock would be released, would be when he had her shit in his mouth. She would have him begging for her shit eventually! She would do everything it took to turn him into an obedient, full-time, full toilet!

J choked and gagged as he began to swallow the slurry in his mouth! Nicole took the butt end of the cattle whip and stuck it deep into her cunt. She rubbed her clit hard with her other hand, as she looked down at him. She started undulating her hips. Her breathing became short and ragged. She plunged the whip handle in and out of her cunt. She felt the first delicious sensations of climax, warmly burning deep inside her belly. Slowly, slowly they began to rise. "Eat my shit, you filthy animal! Eat it! Swallow it! Taste your Goddess!" she almost shrieked!

"I'm in you now...I'm in you now!" She started bucking her hips wildly. The whip handle was starting to drip with her juices! At that supercharged moment, she brought her asshole back down, and started smearing her shit all over his face. J was sobbing now. His tears were the sweet tipping point for her. She looked down at the degraded animal below her, and came and came and came...like she had never...ever...cum before!

"And the day_ is still_ so young!!!" she cried out jubilantly!

to be continued












Twisted Guardian Part 8 "Clean-Up Duties" by Blushing slut

Nicole leaned back against the padded seat of the toilet throne. Her thighs were quivering slightly. She could feel the cool stickiness of her orgasmic fluid, on her thighs and pussy lips, by the wind from J's breath, on her skin. 

His cock was straining and bobbing in mid-air, desperately seeking the touch of her hand again. She casually brought her foot down to the penis, and scraped her heel up the length of it.

J's body shivered with the pain. But there was little sound from him. He had slowly learned over the weeks, that any unnecessary display of suffering, for the sake of mercy, from the pains inflicted upon him, was never met with any sympathy on her part. It always seemed to spur her on to quicken and harden the stroke of her whip, or dig her fingers into his tender flesh, with more vigour. She was a sadist afterall.

So the only time you ever heard a peep from J, these days, was when he was truly suffering beyond the point of self control. And thats exactly what she had wanted. Thats why she would punish him harder when he cried out. Just to see if he was just looking for sympathy. 

The only moans and screams that she wanted from her slave, were the real ones! The ones that were produced when he was being driven to the limits of his endurance. Then she could truly lust over the effect she was having, with her torturous ways. 

She was quickly becoming more sophisticated in executing her twisted, perverted ideas!

And as J lay in the toilet pit, covered in her shit, in his mouth, on his face, down his throat, and in his belly, he realized that there were much worse sufferings, that had nothing to do with pain! 

She brought the tip of her boot heel up to his cock hole, and placed it delicately and directly, right over the little opening. His hips and bobbing cock became instantly still. She could see his heart rate quicken, and as she dug the heel tip just slightly inside the penis, she revelled at the sound of J sucking his breath in with fear. 

"Be still" she said quietly. "There is no release for you yet."

She removed her heel tip. J visibly slumped with relief. He had also learned, that with Nicole, every day could hold a new torment, new torture, or humiliation. It seemed that the further down the road of degradation that they went, the possibilities expanded. He never knew what to expect. She could have very well kept easing that boot heel down into his cock if she'd decided. But she didnt. Not this time. 

It actually made him trust her, more and more. He had endured some very painful and humiliating experiences, but he always came back safe. Just cuts and bruises. They always healed. She never had taken him into any physical danger, really. 

Nicole was a very smart lady. She knew exactly what she was doing, and delighted in the psychological manipulation. That's why she had released his cock. From now on she would work at reprogramming him to associate his toilet duties with the release of his cock from chastity, and it being the only time he would get any stimulation. 

This would be her biggest tool in training him to be the begging little toilet slut, that she so much wanted to turn him into.

She took another long breath and sighed. The sigh of a highly satisfied woman. She leaned forward and looked down at her property. He was a filthy mess. A slight smile formed on her lips.

She reached down and circled her finger and thumb just under the helmet of the cock. She squeezed tightly as she slid her encircled fingers down the shaft. He moaned in pleasure. She stroked him back and forth, squeezing out a large dribble of pre-cum. He was bucking his hips as best he could in the restraints.

She hooked another finger into the base of his balls, and pulled it up painfully with each stoke, digging her nail in deeply. J was making small squeeling, unintelligible words, through the mouth claw. She kept on stroking, looking for the first signs of orgasm. When they finally came, she abruptly released her grip of him, and leaned back against the throne, and delighted in his buckings and strainings. She rubbed her cunt as she watched him thrashing in vain. Until he finally lay still.

Nicola brought her fingers up to her lips and licked off the sweet honey of her excitement. She stared down at him between her thighs.
"Now, you've made quite a mess of things havent you slut? Look at this shit all over my ass and thighs. You'll be learning to be a lot neater in the days ahead! I'll give you a rinsing first, and then we'll set ourselves to the next phase of your toilet training. Clean-up duties!" her voice raised, as she moved herself over his mouth again. 

She wiped her fingers clean in his hair and then pulled her cunt lips apart. She let loose a slow dribbling stream. She raised her ass off the seat and swayed her hips back and forth, streaming her piss over his entire face. She slowly turned it into a torrent. The head pit was starting to fill up with her liquid. He could feel the first cold trickles going into his ears. She paused slightly, then gave one final squirt, perfectly aimed right up his nostrils! 

"Ha ha! There we go, I've got my little wash basin ready to mop up the mess, dont I ?! . Now for the pre-rinse!" she said with excitement in her eyes. She reached behind the toilet seat and pulled out a shower head. He was happy to see it, at first, because Nicoles ass was caked in her shit, and he wondered how he could ever clean it all off, by himself.

But when she turned it on, and started rinsing her ass cheeks over his face, the head pit began to fill quickly, and J realized that his situation was getting worse. Nicole was happily humming away as she sprayed herself thoroughly with the showerhead. The foul mix in the head pit was now just up to the top of J's face. He was clearly distressed. 

"Mistress please, i'm about to go under!" he sputtered out, sending little wavelets around the pit that came back at him, threatening to wash over his face! She turned off the water, just in time.

Without a word she plunged her ass cheeks down into the pit and began rubbing them all over him! The contents of the pit started to wash over his face, and she pressed her cheeks down even harder, and used him like nothing more than a scrubbing board. He was choking and coughing as she bore down on him. The wash mix was getting filthier by the moment. 

"Pay particular attention to the asshole, now. It needs to be cleaned inside and out. " she positioned her hole right over his nose, and proceeded to use it like a plunger, sliding it in and out of her anus. 

"Mmm, thats it! Oh what a feeling! Your nose is just the perfect shape for my anal ring!" she breathed, as she wiggled herself down onto him. 

"Such a perfect cleaning and disposal tool Your going to become!" she smirked. "Just think of the intimate service you're going to be providing for me, J. Think how lucky you are, for me to desire to use you in this way. 
But we'll need lots of training and practice, wont we? Every day. Two or three times. I'll make sure i'm nice and full for your feedings." she snickered.

J moaned and garbled something unintelligible. He struggled against his bonds.

"And when you perform well, I've decided that it will be at those times, and those times only, that your cock will be released, 'stimulated' " at this she gave a wicked grin "and possibly, maybe, allowed to squirt."

She pulled out the drain plugs again, and let the filthy mixture drain out. His mouth still remained full of the mixture of shit and piss.

"Swallow" she ordered.He choked and spluttered as he was made to swallow the filth in his mouth. She gave him another cold rinsing with the shower head.

"Now the cunt. I want a deep and thorough cleansing, please. Extend your tongue!" she said forcefully. "We will start with the outer labia lips. Long wet licks are needed, with a flat wide tongue. Mmmmm thats right." she moaned "When you've progressed beyond the need for the mouth-spreader, you'll be using your lips, as well, to suck me clean. But for now your tongue will have to do."

Nicole swirled her hips as he licked her. "Thats right, get into all the nooks and crannies. Lick the shit out of them!" she laughed. She rubbed her lips all over his tongue. "C,mon, work that tongue harder!" She grabbed her cane , and gave him two hard strokes on one of his exposed thighs, directly in line with one of the welts from the previous evening. He yelled out in agony.

"I want nice fast licks. c'mon, work it!" Two more strokes came down hard on the same spot, on the tender inner flesh of his thigh! "Ahhhheh!!" he cried. He worked his tongue as fast as he could, trying to lick all the remaining filth out off her cunt lips.

"Very good. Keep it up. Uh huh, that's it. Now i'm going to dribble a little pee out onto your tongue, and you will keep licking and cleaning as i do so. A final rinsing. And i dont want you swallowing till i tell you." she smirked.

As she moistened his tongue with her piss, he used it as a final wash for her cunt lips. He was licking furiously, trying not to earn any more vicious strokes from her cane. As if reading his mind, she started firmly tapping one of his nipples, on top of the butterfly clip. Over and over on the same spot. The pain was light in the beggining of the taps, but after a time, each stroke began to hurt more and more. She kept it up until she felt that he had cleaned her sufficiently.

"All right. That's not bad. Now we'll work on the clitoris. I need your tongue stiff and pointed for this. You will lick under the hood and all around the nub of the clit. Making sure you get any little bits remaining in there. I will provide more pee to assist you in this." she smiled evilly'

She shifted back until the tip of his tongue was positioned right under the flap covering her clit. "Okay, now nice and stiff, and i want small circles under the hood and around the clitoris. That's it. Uh huh. Stiffer tongue. Stiffer i said!" Two swift strokes of the cane, came slicing down across his tender belly.

"Owwwwah!" he moaned, as he did his best to lick her the way she wished. She started flicking the same, worried nipple again, while she rubbed her clit around and around on his tongue. Again she let loose a few dribbles of her pee across it.

"Fine. That'll do for now. Now for the dirtiest part. My cunt-hole. You'll have a lot of digging to do, to clean it out." She reached down and grasped the two chains that were connected to the butterfly clamps on his nipples. She pulled them up taught. He strained against his bonds at the assault.

"All right, now get your tongue into my hole and i want lots of digging and probing, slut!" she said forcefully. "Nice and deep now, nice and deep!" she ordered, as she yanked on the chains harder. His pitiful moans were starting to stimulate her again, what with his tongue probing and licking the deep insides of her cunt.

"Deeper now. And faster!" she barked. She thrust up and down on his tongue. She started caning him on his sides. It was fresh unmarked meat, begging to be struck. She pulled on his chains each time she rose up from his tongue in her hole, getting herself into a nice rythym as she rode him.

"C'mon! Perform for me!" she yelled, stroking him harder with the cane. Stroke after stroke, the red welts forming on his tender sides. He was crying out with each lash now, but still trying to keep his tongue performing, despite the fact it was aching so much. He knew he dare not slacken his performance!

"She began to get closer and closer to climax, but reined back, preferring to enjoy a larger explosion later. She used him for awhile longer, until she was satisfied that he had cleaned her enough.

"That'll do for now." she said, as she reached around for the shower head again, raised up from him, and gave herself another spray. J's face became submerged, again. He gasped his last breath as he went under - he had to only focus on how much he trusted her now. He had to believe she would not drown him. 

Through the yellow, cloudy mixture that was now over his eyes, he saw, with blurred vision, her hand go to one of the drainplug chains, and heard the underwater pop, as she yanked out the stopper. The mixture of her shit and piss, slowly began to drain out.

She had been merciful this time. He had not run out of breath. As the liquid got down to just under his nose, he carefully exhaled and took a shaky breath. His mouth of course was still full, as the remainder in the pit drained out.

"You need to swallow that now, slave. Your cleaning session isn't over yet!" she glared at him. He instantly obeyed, and began to swallow her soup in small gulps, trying to control his stomach muscles that were starting to heave, with the further influx of filth. It was not just the taste and smell. It was the whole idea of it! The humiliation of it! 

He was very dismayed that Nicole had introduced this into her evil repertoire. She had groomed him for this. He could see that now. And he knew that this would be his fate, now. Every day. Her load. His face!

Nicole replaced the drainplug and got the showerhead again. She turned the tap open on the cold water. "Better hold your breath now!" she laughed. She began to spray the freezing water all over his face and head. She placed the head right in his mouth to give him a good cleansing. J was coughing and spluttering and moaning.

The rinse water was starting to fill up the head pit again. She brought the level to just over his straining nose. "Deep breath now." she said.

She picked up a small stiff brush and proceeded to give him a rough scrubbing under the water. She smirked as she saw a burst of bubbles and heard a gurgled moan emanating from him. She pulled his head up slightly, straining the leather straps attached to the wire claws in his mouth. Just high enough for him to raise his nostrils out of the water. 

"Having trouble with our breath are we? You need a few swimming lessons, boy!" she said, and then plunged him back under again!

She finished the scrubbing and then pulled both drain plugs open. One more quick rinse with the showerhead, and then she positioned her ass hole over his mouth again. 

"I will be training you to beg for my shit, eventually, J. You'll see. I'm going to leave you now, and i'm also going to leave you with my shit to suck on while i'm gone." she laughed.

She slowly pushed out about a two inch log of her shit directly in his mouth, and then leaned over and spit on top of it.

"There." she chuckled "That'll give you something to play with while i go do some things." She reached down and released the leather straps of the mouth -spreader, and removed it from his mouth. He groaned at the soreness in his jaw, and around his lips.

"Now you keep that shit in your mouth, till i return. You dont chew it or swallow it. Understood? I want to see it in the same state i left it when i return" she said, looking sternly into his eyes. She tapped his nipples a little as warning, and then quickly released them from the swollen nubs. "Aaaahhhhhuh!" J cried out, at the influx of blood into the flattened nips.

She got up from the throne and zipped up the crotch of the latex suit, and started walking out of the toilet chamber. 
As she left, she turned briefy.

"Remember. No eating. Just tasting...!" she laughed wickedly as she strode out of the toilet chamber, rubbing her clit under the rubber crotch.

To be continued... 










TWISTED GUARDIAN Chapter 9 Taught to Beg For It by Blushing slut

Nicole slowly walked up the staircase from the dungeon. Her knees wobbled a bit. Despite the surge of feminine power she could feel, coursing through her veins, from the extremes that she had just inflicted upon J she felt weak. Weak from the crashing surging orgasm she had just had.

She was still licking her lips from it. Still rubbing her clit under the rubber suit. She reached the top of the staircase and clicked across the tiled kitchen floor, out to the side balcony, overlooking the north view to the smoke of Barcelona in the distance. 

She thought of the bustling humanity in that place. There were many men there. Men that she could rule someday. She knew it. 
And she would have them. She knew that to.

But for now, all she needed was J. He had been perfect so far. She doubted if most men could endure what he had been submitted to. He had turned out to be a most willing partner. He had surprised her on many occasions with his silent acceptance of the tortures and degradations she had put upon him.

She absently reached for the zipper between the black rubber folds and drew it down from her neck to the base of her crotch. She was dripping in sweat. She pulled open the front of the suit, and let the cool sea breeze drift across her exposed torso, evaporating the beads and drying her skin.

The light rivulets of air drifting across her cunt lips, were enough to start the arousal all over again. She took the cattle whip from her belt and brought the dildo handled end up to her lips. She licked it and drooled her spit onto it, then brought it down to the hole of her cunt.

She placed one foot onto the low stone balustrade, and brought the rubber clad handle down to her labia flaps. She moved the head from the top to the bottom of her slit. Then plunged it deep into her vagina with one twisting thrust.

Oh yes! This was what she needed! She&#8217;d had enough licking. She needed deep, hard penetration. She envisioned herself owning a stallion of a black stud someday. She would keep him available at all times, to satisfy her deep cuntal needs, and to humiliate the slave in her presence even more. 

The dildo handle sucked in and out of her pussy. She was thrusting her hips deeply upon it. She thrust herself even more violently upon the tool, and brought her nails to her nipples and dug them in deep. 

She brought the most humiliating and painfilled visions of J to her minds eye. His choking, and spluttering, as he was forced to swallow her waste. The blood streaks on his thighs. The moaning and crying and screaming for mercy. Her heel marks upon his chest. His frightened eyes as she filled the toilet throne head pit to overflowing. 

She thrust the dildo deep inside herself. Her juices dripped down across her fingers. She saw the black stud fucking her, just as he was forced to pull out and clenched into a ruined orgasm, dribbling down slowly upon J&#8217;s upturned face. Saw her log of shit sticking out of his mouth

Ahhhhe Ahhhhe, ohhhh. yea she cried out lustily, as her flood came in gushing waves. Nectar drooled down her thighs. Her knees almost gave way. Oh fuck, yes! she screamed. She flung her head back in ecstacy, flicking her sweat laden hair into the wind, droplets flying and flashing in the sunlight. 

She gave one more deep thrust of the rubber handle and held it there, as she finished herself off. She turned round shakily, and sat on the cool stone ledge. Legs quivering. Breath shallow. She slipped the dildo out, brought it up to her mouth, and sucked off her juices. This was her passion now. She had never had orgasms like this. She would have this as many times a day as she wanted. From now on. And men would suffer to provide it. 

Her breathing slowed. She thought of J, lying in the toilet chamber, with her log of shit, slowly dissolving in his mouth. It brought a cruel smile to her thin red lips. Now she would take him to the next stage. She would bring him to the point of sincerely begging to have his mouth filled with her wastes. And she would beat it out of him. Otherwise, he&#8217;d never cum again! 

She slowly recovered her strength. She rose and zipped up the rubber suit, feeling it hug her curves again. Her jet black hair glistened in the sun, with the wetness of her sweat.

She took one more deep breath of the sweet salt air, then turned and made her way back down to the delicious dankness of the cellar dungeon. The air was thick with the smell of blood, and shit, and piss and fearful sweat.

As she strode toward the toilet chamber, she could see her property stretched out on the floor just as she&#8217;d left him. And she was somewhat disappointed to see that the nice little turd that she had left him with earlier, was still happily sticking its little head out of his mouth.

She had hoped for harsh lashes to begin the next session. But he had performed admirably. She felt a bit irritated by this. 

She stepped into the chamber. Their eyes met. She could see the adoring look on his face. It was almost pitiful. He really would do anything for her. She knew that now. 

She walked over to him and placed the sole of her boot onto his flacid penis. She pressed down hard, rubbing him back to erection.
She bent over and brought her face close to his.

Well aren&#8217;t we a goody two shoes, you little fucker! Still got that turd in there all in one piece. I trust you&#8217;ve had a tasty little spit drizzle, trickling down your throat? she looked at him with a somewhat displeasured look on her face.Greedy little slut!

Get rid of it Now! It stinks! I don&#8217;t want to smell my old smelly shit! What were you thinking of?! she yelled indignantly.

He looked at her with confusionhe thought she&#8217;d be pleased that he had performed so well. He saw her reach for her cane, and he fearfully began to try to swallow her turd. His throat was so dry though, that he couldn&#8217;t manage it. He began to choke.

Oh dear. Are we having trouble? she said teasingly. Need some lubrication do we? he nodded his head pleadingly, and she nodded hers in time, mocking his gestures. Well I don&#8217;t think we&#8217;ve learned to beg properly for such a relief, have we? she looked at him inquisitively. You don&#8217;t get anything anymore unless you learn to beg with real sincerity. And that goes for your little squirts from that male clit of yours! she glared at him as she dug the toe of her boot down hard against the tip of his cock.

What do you want J? Do you want my pee or my spit to help you slide that disgusting mess down your throat. Hmm? Beg me for it. Beg me! she yelled, kicking him hard in the ribs.

He gargled out some unintelligible reply and she simply laughed. Just show me with your eyes, slut! Beg me with your eyes. Do we want spit? No? Then we want pee, right! she said. He nodded his head and pleaded with his eyes. Grunt out your pleas like a pig! Do it! she yelled, kicking him again in the ribs. BEG! 

He started grunting unintelligibly. She laughed gleefully at his humiliation. Then pee it shall be! she chuckled. She moved up to him and placed her cunt right over his face. She let loose a slow stream into his mouth, filling him up completely. You hold that there now, until I say swallow. She grinned down at him.

She brought the fingers of one hand down to his mouth and began to swirl the foul mix around. She scooped up some of the liquid and brought her dripping hand down to his cock. She started stroking it gently, giving it as much pleasure as she could, using her waste as lubricant. No pain now, just the beginnings of pleasure.

She stroked it rythmically. He started lunging his hips in time. You want me to let that little clit spurt don&#8217;t you? she taunted him. He nodded and pleaded with his eyes. Well there&#8217;s only one way that&#8217;s going to happen J. And that&#8217;s if you swallow that mess in your mouth without choking or coughing. She kept up the hard stroking of his cock.

Swallow! She said suddenly, behind gritted teath, her lips curling into a disgusted grimace. He opened his throat to the deluge. Her hand was pumping him furiously now. She kept an eye on his balls to gauge his moment. During his first gulp of the disgusting contents in his mouth he not only began choking and coughing, but almost was ready to puke his guts up as well.

She removed her hand suddenly from his cock and replaced it with the sole of her boot, and the six inch spike of her heel digging into the base of his balls.

Useless, pathetic attempt, slave! she yelled angrily Finish up the rest quickly! she twisted her boot heel in deeper. He couldn&#8217;t help but scream out in agony as he tried to choke down the rest of the foul mix in his mouth! Nicole could feel her cunt pulsing at the sight and sound of him, and felt more of her warm liquids gush down the inside of her thigh.

You lick those lips clean, slut, and prepare yourself for the next load. And if you want to get anywhere close to squirting out of that little clit of yours, you are going to eat and drink everything I give you, and you will BEG for every morsel! she glared at him.

As a matter of fact, from this moment on, the only time that little cocklit will even get touched, is when you are swallowing my shit. And the only way you&#8217;ll get to do that is if you beg for it! Sincerely and sweetly and believably. Do you understand!? she yelled

J nodded fearfully Yes my lady. I will try to do my best he spluttered

She answered that with three swipes of her cane to his balls! You will DO your best, you little fool! If you fail to convince me of your sincerity by the end of todays training session, I will lock that little weiner up for six months! Is THAT understood!? she yelled, her lips pulling back into a mean grimace.

She drooled her spit onto his cock and began stroking it again. Now we&#8217;re going to keep trying this until you get it right. Do you wanna cum, my little nympho? she teased. Oh yes, please, Miss. Then beg me for the shit that will make that possible. Beg me, you little whore! she raised up her cane and gave him one hard stroke on his thigh.

Please Mistress Nicole, please shit in my mouth so I can cum he tried as best he could to be sincere.

You fucking idiot! she yelled. Four more strokes of the cane came crashing down on his thigh. A small trickle of blood trailed down to the floor. You don&#8217;t beg to cum, you only beg to eat my shit! And you beg for it, because before to long, you&#8217;re going to crave it, your going to need it, cuz you wont cum without it! she laughed gleefully at his dilemma. Try again. she commanded 

Oh please, please my Lady, let me eat your shit. I want you to teach me how to love it he said with somewhat more fervor.

She laughed You can do better than that She shifted back on the toilet seat so that her shit hole was right over his mouth. Kiss my asshole and beg her really sincerely for her gifts. C&#8217;mon. she teased his cock mercilessly, stroking and stopping and stroking and stopping.

She kept this up for the longest while. She would push out just the tip of a log, telling him that if he would only beg hard enough for it, she would let him have it, and then she&#8217;d let him have his little orgasm. But she chided him on how insincere his begging was. 

She teased him with her shit, letting him lick it, but not eat it yet. All the time she was stroking his cock, driving him insane with need. But each time she would leave him wanting.

She used her cane judiciously to spur him on to begging harder. She laughed at his stupid repetitive words, encouraging him to be more eloquent and more sincere with each swipe of the wicked stick. 

Finally she let her turd drop into his mouth. Now I want to see the sincerity in your eyes now J. she brought her face down closer to his. She gripped his cock hard.

You want to swallow that shit, don&#8217;t you? she smirked. He nodded his head and pleaded with his eyes. She began the last rythmic strokes of his cock, that would lead to his final release. She moved her hand agonizingly slow now, spitting on it to keep it lubed.

Show me. Show me J. Let me feel how sincerely you want me to fill your tummy with my shit. She taunted him. He did everything in his power to exude to her just how much he was desperate to cum and realized that this was the only way to achieve that. And that all that mattered to him was to please her. To feed her perversions.

She read all that in his eyes. She knew. She knew she had brought him to the first hurdle. And now they would both have there grande finale to the days work, she thought.

You may swallow now, my good slave. I can see how sincere you&#8217;ve become. Let me help it to slide down better. She said quietly, letting loose a small trickle of pee into his mouth. Slide it down. Fill yourself with me. And we&#8217;ll finish off things with this little cock of yours. she said.

He swallowed it down obediently. He looked up at her and saw her smile. Her hand quickened its pace on his shaft. But then he could see her asshole open again, and this time she let loose a torrent of shit that quickly filled up his mouth and overflowed onto his face.

She laughed wickedly Ah yes, now we&#8217;re ready to make this little stick squirt. She was stroking firmer and faster now. This is how you&#8217;ll be from now on when you cum J. It&#8217;s the only way, remember that.

He was completely beyond humiliation. He only knew that soon she would be pumping out his load. That&#8217;s all he cared about.

And she knew quite well that that was all he cared about. 

Swallow that load now, my little toilet whore. Swallow it and be thankful. She looked deep into his eyes as she could feel him beginning to spurt

He began to cry out- they both did- Oh Mithreth, oh goghhhg..good slave, good boy..oh fuchhk, ah ahhhcum for me J !.......swallow for me nowahhhhhhhhhrrrrhrrhh!!!!!! he cried 

His hot sperm rocketed out. She didn&#8217;t ruin it in any way. She loved him for submitting to her wickedness. She wanted him to be rewarded. Wanted him to remember the benefits of learning to sincerely beg to be used by her as her toilet. She showed that to him with her eyes. 

She knew he hated it. Knew he found it hard to be sincere in begging for it. 

And that was what she loved the most about it. 

And that was what he loved the most about it too 
__________________




Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Blushing slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





