BDSM Library - The Rupert Family Adventures




The Rupert Family Adventures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Torn from today's TV version of reality, the adventures of the extended Rupert family. Not to be taken seriously by anyone except politicians and religious fanatics. This cast approaching 20 speaking parts covers incest, bondage, discipline and anything strange that excites each and everyone of them as well as clients, customers, cops and cons






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The Rupert Family Adventures 01

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was hard to believe that only last evening the entire family was having dinner and discussing their daughter&#8216;s private diary. Ralph and Arlene had both read it from cover to cover and considered it very interesting. Their daughter, Winifred, was delighted to hear what they had to say about her private life and where it might take her in the very near future. Their son, Harold, was three years younger than his big sister, but in many ways very sophisticated. He too had read her private diary, but his version was evidently the real thing and had left him sweating like a pig and more than just a little eager to see his older sister doing some of the very private things she boasted about performing with various boys from the school and even two teachers, one a newly wed the other divorced. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Arlene Rupert who hadn't had so much as a sniff from her husband in the last three months had been surviving by running her vibrator nonstop every time she took a bath, which was on average once a day. The fact that she had just been given a bikini wax by the Korean ladies who ran the shop at one of the strip malls still wasn't enough to rouse her husband. Perhaps crawling into bed with her usually comatose husband and showing off her perfect peach might just be what was needed to start his engine once more. After all he was a dynamo up until three months ago when he had his accident at work. Thanks to the new member of the firm, a young lady with the ink still drying on her diploma, he had been able to complete his assignments and hold his position with the firm and its hard charging owner, Wanda Williams. On the other hand tomorrow she and her son were gone for three months away from Ralph and his mysterious accident. Perhaps the time would heal his wounds.
 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ralph and his daughter begged off from going to the airport, pleading the need for his job and her term paper. Had Arlene seen what her husband had planned for her precious daughter, she would have had a seizure. Thanks to his son, he too had read the actual diary written by his little sweet heart and he was rubbing his hands together at this great opportunity to tear off a piece of ass from his uppity teenager. If he was to believe everything he read, his brainiac was more like a whore, which explained her good grades that she made with such ease. Winifred started putting out about a year and a half ago but was very selective. To date only fourteen sex partners had the great good fortune of using her pussy, most more than once. Only recently did she begin to accept teachers, two in number.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once he was sure that his wife's plane had taken off, he barged into his daughter's room to catch her in the act. There she was naked as a jaybird using her pocket rocket vibrator and having a high old time until the old man blew the whistle on her. He hadn't seen his little charmer in the altogether in years and was determined to make the most of it. She on the other hand tried to play the innocent caught doing something not tolerated in the family. The next thing he knew she was on her back, legs parted and a sly grin on her lips. From the looks of that pouting pussy she had just shaved it smooth and it looked fantastic. On the other hand her barely B-cup tits with their red hat nipples were less than acceptable unless she was ready to put out for a customer. Ralph decided he was a customer and let her know in no uncertain terms that her ass belonged to him at least until Arlene returned. Then he suddenly realized that his little love bug from work would just go to pieces if she had a chance at doing things with him and his hot-holed daughter.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After warning her that any outburst or a call to mother would only make matters worse for her, he left her room in order to make a call to his helpmate, suggesting that she come over to his place and help him with a problem involving his daughter. Dawn, that was her name, was thrilled to be a part of his family life and agreed to come to his place within the hour. Ralph was delighted the way things were working out for him. With any kind of luck he might be able to nail not only his daughter, but his company buddy as well. Returning to Winifred's room he found her wearing panties and bra with a scowl that indicated she was not too happy with dear old dad. He could still see most of her body including the parts beneath the bra and panties. She made sure that his behavior would become item number one once mother returned from her visit to her sisters and the two nieces. Ralph wondered how his daughter would handle the arrival of Dawn, the lady with the flowing blonde hair, big tits and rounded ass that moved liked a jeweled watch movement.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His suggestion that she consider a shower and proper dress drew more scowls until he dropped the real "diary" word. Winifred's face hardened for a time and then she collapsed, pleading with him not to tell mother or her evil brother. He couldn't help letting her know that Harold was the one who tipped him and he expected some favors from her as well. His daughter's face turned white and she slumped, realizing that she was about to become the family sex slave and all that it meant. When Ralph ordered her to remove her underwear and let him check out her body a little closer, she did so with trembling fingers. He made her spread her legs wide so he could get a closer look at her shaved smooth pussy mound and inhale the aroma of that tight teen twat. The temptation to grab her apple ass and slam that slit against his face almost won out, but he resisted for the moment. He reserved such activities to when his help mate, Dawn, was present. Winifred made the mistake of forgetting who she was and who her father now was. She pushed him away and said he was a pervert. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dear old dad answered with a teeth rattling slap across her face that gave her a twinge in her neck. She ducked away from him so she thought but he was quicker and grabbed her and started to drag her down the corridor to the bathroom. She started sobbing and begging for him not to rape her, she'd be a good girl. Ralph was a little taken aback to hear such pleading from his teenaged daughter until he remembered she was nothing but a high grade whore these days. From now on, she would have to turn over half her income to him or else. Suddenly life was good and only going to get better. He had his daughter by the short hairs and they both knew it. He could hardly wait until Dawn arrived and the real fun began. As luck would have it, the doorbell rang just as dad was shoving his naked daughter into the shower. Warning her of the consequences if she got out, he left to answer the door, hoping it was Dawn and not some sales person.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He did not get his wish, but for a runner up she more than filled the bill. All in one smooth motion she introduced herself and wiggled by him into the house, almost shutting the door in his face. She almost got away with it except he went for her fantastic ass and made solid contact. This one was almost as tall as Ralph, a looker, with legs that never seemed to end. However it was the huge rack she displayed that caught his eyes, and she knew it. Introducing herself as Margie she handed the addled Ralph with a glossy eight by ten of herself in the altogether, hands supporting that fantastic rack, a bikini waxed pussy mound, and a huge smile on her pretty face. He was barely able to blurt out that he was expecting company and very soon, when the door bell rang once more. He ignored the insistent ringing, but Margie didn't, knowing there might be another sales person on the other side of his door. Ralph knew better and finally relented to welcome Dawn into his humble abode.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His work buddy must have used this as an opportunity to get some cardio vascular work done. Her very expensive running suit was certainly in need of a good washing or retirement based on the aroma emanating from her rounded, sweaty body. He wondered what type of sports bra she wore and would she let him get a good look at it or perhaps even remove it to let those big tits breathe for a few minutes. He could see the way Margie's nose was wrinkling which meant either trouble or a fast exit on her part. With his luck it was the former. Ralph was&nbsp; wondering just when the cat fight would begin and how would he explain it to his wife when she and Harold returned. It was then that Winifred made her appearance and it got everyone's attention but quick! The teenage whore was as naked as when she was born and showed it all. Dawn gave her a good look up and down without stopping. Margie was more selective, a long stop at her pussy mouth before reaching out and caressing the teenager which made everyone take a deep breath. It was Ralph who broke the ice and made the introductions starting with his daughter the whore and ending with Margie who evidently was peddling her own flesh through tapes, photos and one on one sex scenes she produced.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Margie who got the bright idea of having Ralph and Dawn pose with&nbsp; Winifred, each of them grabbing a handful of tit meat with a big smile. From that simple pose they moved to the bathroom where Dawn and Ralph got naked and made Margie a happy photographer. Halfway through the next posing he developed a very impressive erection that brought smiles to everyone's eyes. The next thing he knew Dawn was jacking his cock and his daughter was french kissing him while Margie shot pose after pose until he had an accident and deposited a heavy load of steaming sperm all over his daughter's belly and pussy mound. The buxom blonde packed up her stuff and got Ralph to sign for her pictures before leaving and promising to return in a day or two for more fun and games featuring not just Ralph, Dawn and Winifred, but a few other surprises as well. The door had just closed when Dawn made a move on Ralph's daughter and she responded big time! That was not exactly what he had been planning, but he went with the flow and enjoyed watching his daughter and Dawn go at it with enthusiasm in the shower stall and then down to the master bedroom where the two stained the sheets while he watched some porn tapes he had hidden away from his wife. Little did he know that Harold had seen them all many times.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While all this was happening on the ground, Harold and his mother were enjoying a white knuckle flight they would long remember. Harold had already made eye contact after a fashion with the leggy stewardess who continued to tell the passengers that this was just a little bumpy and would smooth out very soon. Seconds later she was bouncing off the ceiling giving Harold a great view of her panties as she tumbled through the air on the way to the back of the aircraft. As luck would have it a newly wed couple had been doing naughty things in one of the tiny lavatories and they picked this moment to open the door and collided with the dazed and highly confused stewardess. Not to be outdone the captain decided this would be a great time to do a barrel roll, something he had always wanted to do with a full load of passengers. As luck would have it, the benighted stew made another pass from the rear of the cabin to first class, all at roughly ten feet, still insisting that everything was under control. Roughly two hours later and they did mean "rough" their flight ended with a sickening thud as the plane pancaked and had to be towed to the terminal. Needless to say Harold and his mother swore off flying for at least three months. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dawn begged off after another series of massive orgasms brought about by Ralph's hot daughter. Still he had another chance as the two females jumped into the shower together and soaped each other up and down and in all those very nice places while poor Ralph could do nothing but look and hope for another round perhaps as early as tomorrow. Alas Dawn had other plans involving a new man who was supposed to be quite hot and able to keep his partner happy as a lark. So it looked as if he and Winifred were his only hope. Unfortunately the little tramp had a hot date with not one but two customers starting around noon and ending perhaps eightish that evening. He made sure she coughed up his share of her earnings before he would let her into the house. When he heard nothing by ten that evening Ralph began to worry. At a little past eleven he got a call from Dawn, who was trapped in a hot pillow motel after her date had given her enough alcohol to keep her quiet and sort of loopy. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Earlier in the evening he had torn her clothing off and threw it all, piece by piece, out the window where some perverts took everything including her diaphragm. Currently he was pounding on the door threatening to rape her unless she let him inside to finish their date without worrying about her catcher's mitt. She had the presence of mind to take a matchbook with the address on it when they first occupied the room together. Poor Ralph was caught between two forces, there was Dawn his playmate from work and Winifred his summer piggy bank, both potential sources of pussy and one even offering a cut of her income as a whore. To him a pussy in the hand is worth more than two promises of good pussy under a certain set of circumstances. With that in mind he hung up on his former playmate at work and hunkered down to hear what lies his daughter would tell him.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Winifred made her grand entrance sometime around four in the morning. Ralph had cleverly taken up residence in his daughter's bed and the last thing he remembered was sniffing her ripe bikini panties. Naturally she stumbled into her room cleverly thinking she had avoided any contact with her dad, only to discover his presence. She almost made it out of the room except for the stuffed animal that made her do a tumbling routine, ending on her back, the air from her lungs long since gone. The next thing she knew there was this heavy weight covering her body and a fat tongue entering her nostrils for openers. Resistance was futile and so she was assimilated by this large worm which started poking at her pantiless crotch. For a few moments she was free and then the heavy weight returned, flattening her chest so that breathing became an adventure. This time the fat tongue worked its way inside and began raping the roof of her mouth. A few minutes later he was busy tearing off what was left of her clothing and at the same time keeping her legs apart so he could enjoy some of that professional pussy she kept talking about previously. Winifred proved to be excellent at this game and easily kept her foe&nbsp; from scoring any points. Soon she lost interest and escaped to the sanctity of the bathroom, leaving her dad to lick his wounds and plan for their next encounter.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Waiting at the terminal were Arlene's older sister, Joan, and one of her daughters, Nancy, who had just turned fifteen. Her other sister, Beverly, was waiting impatiently at her home, along with Joan's other daughter, Carly, also known as trouble cubed. Harold had been dreading this meeting of the mindless ever since it had been foisted off on him. For the past year he had cultivated his big sister, Winifred, making sure he had the right type of peep holes to allow him access to&nbsp;&nbsp; her hot, sexy, growing body. In his spare time he had broken into her secret cache of private writings, such as an airhead could produce, and what passed for thoughts concerning her wannabe boyfriends. He also had his own stash of naked pictures featuring mostly Winifred, and three times he managed to add full frontal nudes of his very hot mother, one featuring her using big boy, her favorite vibrator. On this trip he managed to bring his best camera and carpenter's tools for drilling and hiding his peep holes. The last time he had seen young Carly she was a basket case featuring skin and bones, no tits, no ass, acne and no periods.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Nancy had developed nicely since he had seen her last. She appeared to have a nice set of jugs for her age and was sure showing them to anyone who wanted a good look. The real surprise was her mother, Joan. She had lost twenty, maybe twenty-five pounds, all in the right places. Harold made a mental note to drill some holes in her room immediately. However she cut him dead when it came to introductions and small talk. Beverly the other sister hated him as the result of a peep hole gone bad. She made his mother give her the roll of film he had taken while she was masturbating in the big old fashion tub. She had the thickest pubic hair he had ever seen or imagined, and also featured a crop of bushy hair growing in her armpits that could hide a small auto. He had masturbated to those armpits and pussy growth for weeks afterwards. Even as he remembered the scene his cock began to grow and throb. Unfortunately Nancy blew the whistle on him and for a time it appeared he might be locked in the trunk with their luggage.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Upon their arrival Harold was greeted and immediately snubbed by Aunt Beverly. He got a look at the new improved version of Carly and decided she needed lots of peep holes. Then his mom dropped the bomb, announcing that Harold and Carly would be given one room. For a brief moment Harold held his breath waiting to find out if they would share the same bed. As it turned out, in less than two weeks Carly and Harold were spooners. Neither would admit who took the first step, but both agreed it was a terrific move for both parties. Nancy was no slouch when it came to doing the nasty and soon Carly had some competition. This horny trio was so busy doing each other that they failed to notice what was happening between the trio of sisters. Harold's mom unburdened herself about Ralph and his lack of interest in having sex with her. That in turn set off her sister Joan, who had just been spurned by a man who chose another partner who was ten years younger than the jilted Joan. Finally Beverly gave up the ghost and had gone over to the lesbian side for her sex and relaxation. Fortunately Harold was so busy screwing his two cousins he hardly noticed what was going on among the ladies.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile back at the Rupert home all sorts of things were happening. Ralph was slowly but surely overcoming his daughter. He was now advertising in a couple of the sleezier weekly papers to obtain more work for his money maker. Rarely did she fail to have at least one customer per day and many were regulars. When the Forbes family arrived in the neighborhood there were some who seriously suggested that they be ridden out of town on rails if necessary. Ralph was not one who went along with those hypocrites. He had a nicely tricked out, just turned sixteen year-old, who turned tricks regularly without causing any trouble for the rest of the neighbors. He and Dawn were no longer speaking even at work. Ralph was undermining her position as fast as he could make up the lies that were now circulating throughout the office about Dawn. Finally Wanda Williams had to call the girl into the inner sanctum and fire her cute ass for the good of the company. Once Dawn was gone everything calmed down until the next crisis.


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - rolf palsy ) 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rolf palsy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





