BDSM Library -  Ms. Grant




 Ms. Grant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:       Lesbian teacher/student fantasy written in first person.






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It had been another average day at college. English class was a breeze as usual. The instructor never engaged with the students much, and although this wasn't necessarily a bad thing, it made the class go by so slowly you thought you just might die. He was also always 25 minutes late, and well, that definitely wasn't a bad thing. It was almost as if he made it a point to speak in the most monotone of voices and talk about things almost completely unrelated to the subject at hand. I also found it interesting how he always seemed to ignore the students that slept during class, the ones that listened to music, the ones that typed away on their laptops, and even the kids who always showed up stoned. I could never tell if he simply didn't care what we did, or if he was just so passionate about lecturing that he never noticed. It was probably the former of those two.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Mathematics was difficult, but the challenge was always a pleasant change of pace. The classroom was small and that's how I liked it. Biology was my favorite course. Not because of my interest in the sciences, but because of my instructor. I had taken the class in high school years ago and retained most of what I had learned, so I knew it would be a breeze and an easy A. I also knew it would certainly be easier than taking chemistry or physics, and that may or may not have also played a role in my decision to sign up for the course. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ms. Grant, the biology instructor, wasn't quite like the other teachers. It's hard to explain, but from the moment I sat in her class, I knew there was something different about her. She was strict, stern, and serious. She didn't smile often, but when she did, you knew that it was absolutely genuine. I thought about Ms. Grant a lot, I really couldn't help myself. When my mind wasn't occupied with daily mundane tasks, chances were that I was thinking of her.

  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was out of my final class and was off to my weekly tutoring session with Ms. Grant. Although I really didn't need to be tutored, I figured it would be an interesting way to spend some of my free time, and I could possibly get to know her a little bit. After the first Biology class, I mustered up a bit of courage and went up to her desk. I told her that I was probably going to need help with the class, and inquired if we could arrange some dates and times to get together each week for a tutoring session. I made up a lie about how I work better and absorb more information when I'm in a one-on-one situation with someone, and although she did seem a bit skeptical, she agreed. Ms. Grant had a closed personality and never seemed to reveal much about herself during class, but I didn't care. All I knew was that I enjoyed being around her, and if this was the only way I could do that, then so be it. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After having several cups of coffee throughout the day, I had to use the restroom. I did what I had to do and noticed that my lips were a little chapped. Hating that feeling, I desperately ruffled through my bag looking for some chapstick, or any type of cream for that matter. While looking for it, I found a clothespin which reminded me of what I sometimes do with them. Putting a pair on my nipples, or even on my clit. It was my favorite clothespin, actually. It seemed to work perfectly for me. It was never too tight, or too loose. I could tell it apart from the others because of a mark I had made on it, and I smiled to myself when I realized it had been in my bag this entire time. I began thinking about how dirty it would be to show up to the tutoring session with Ms. Grant rather horny, and I liked that thought. Something in me said this was a good idea, so I pulled my pants down, rubbed my clit briefly, and put the clothespin on. I leaned against the stall and breathed in sharply at the initial pain of it, cringing, but was soon biting my lip and moaning quietly as I eased into it. Noticing that I was getting carried away, I quickly took the pin off, placed it in my bag, got out of the stall, washed my hands and rushed off to class.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I walked into the classroom with flushed skin, Ms. Grant sat quietly at her desk writing something--she was focused--or atleast she was pretending to be. She didn't even take the time to look at me, she just sat there quietly, writing. As I sat down and took my books out, a bit nervous, I muttered "hello Ms. Grant." She looked at me seriously, "you're late". My face reddened as I thought about what I had been doing, "I know, I apologize, I had to use the restroom." She stood up. "Listen. I don't care how badly you have to use the restroom, when we've got a session, you come here first and then ask for permission to use the restroom, understood? Don't let it happen again." A bit intimidated and yet strangely turned on, I replied "yes, Ms. Grant. I understand. I won't ever let it happen again." She sat back down at her desk and put away whatever it was that she was working on. "Okay. Lets get started." "Alright" I replied, "I've been having a bit of trouble on the homework. I don't quite understand how homeostasis works. It's rather confusing." She looked at me and nodded, "Okay. Homeostasis is the ability of an open system to regulate its internal environment...", my mind drifted off of the subject of homeostasis, I knew exactly what it meant. As she spoke, all I noticed was how sexy and perfect she was. Her face was beautiful, symmetrical, toned, and her short haircut fit her so well. Her style was also perfect, for me at least. Normally she would just wear jeans and a t-shirt, but today she had a skirt and tan blouse on. The skirt wasn't short, it was professional, but it still revealed enough for me to accurately fantasize about what her legs would look like without it on. "...And, that's homeostasis in a nutshell." My mind snapped back and she gave me a look I was all too familar with. I always had a difficult time paying attention during class, and would often get called out on it by a teacher, only to be humiliated in front of the entire class. "Did you catch any of that?" "Yes, of course, thank you so much for explaining it--I think I've got it now." "So, what purpose does homeostasis serve?" I panicked. I knew the answer, but I was so nervous being questioned in such a manner that it took me a several seconds to think of the answer. Finally, it came to me. "The purpose of homeostais is to maintain a dynamic equilibrium." Relieved, I let out a sigh and smiled, awaiting her response. She didn't smile back and looked at me sternly "Very good." I couldn't help but smile again. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a moment of silence and several seconds of me staring at her, I snapped back to reality as she raised her eyebrow at me, "Well?" I quickly looked down at the homework assignment I had in front of me, and began speaking. "A- Alright, hmm, I'm also having some issues with the schematics of a human cell. I'm confused as to what goes where... etcetera etcetera..." "Very well then, this is a bit more complicated to describe out loud, so I'll just go ahead and draw a chart out for you. That should certainly help you understand it a lot more." She turned around and made her way to the whiteboard. As she walked away, I could feel myself getting wet. I couldn't help but think about what it would feel like to stand behind her, grasping her hips with my clit firmly up against her ass. It was almost as if I could never stop thinking dirty thoughts when I was in her presence. As she scribbled her rendition of what a cell should look like, my hand couldn't help but find its way to my pussy. Through my pants, I rubbed myself slowly, thinking about being fucked by her. I closed my eyes for what only seemed like a split second, and my heart dropped as I heard her clear her throat. I reluctantly and slowly opened my eyes only to find her looking at me intently, smiling. I stayed silent, without expression.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slowly, she began walking towards me, maintaining eye contact with each and every step she took. After what seemed like years, she was finally standing over me. She circled around my desk, carefully looking me up and down, observing me. After making one full circle, she stopped. "So. What do we have here? A horny girl, I see?" Out of nervousness, I said nothing. I had never been with a woman in "that" way, let alone talked to in such a sexual manner. The most I had ever done was kiss and fool around with girls my age. I certainly had never been with a woman in her twenties, let alone an attractive one. "Nothing to say for yourself, hmm?" I tried my best to think of something--anything at all--but my mind was completely blank. My face was so red, it felt as if it was going to catch fire. 

"Get up. Right now." she said. Confused, but still unable to speak, I stood up. "Good" she said, and walked to the door, shutting the shades and locking the door. Knowing that I had been watching her the entire time, she glanced back and me and grinned. She made her way back to me. "Now, take your pants, shoes, and socks off." "...Excuse me Ms. Grant, but what?" "Oh? So you can speak now? That's a bit of progress, but it's not much. And did I stutter? Take off your pants off right now. Your underwear comes off as well for questioning me." Aroused and unsure of what I should do, I decided to simply follow my instincts and obey her. I carefully unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, pulled my shoes and socks off and set them next to my desk. Embarassed and still unsure of what was happening, I looked up at her. She smiled, "Good girl". Circling me again, she remarked, "your ass is quite spankable, isn't it?" I looked at her and smiled, as I didn't have much to say. I mean, what *do* you say when someone says something like that to you? 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She put her hand on my side, and that alone caused me to moan a little bit. Her hand felt so good against my body, much better than any mans ever could. It made its way towards my backside and moved downwards. She began squeezing and caressing my ass, and I couldn't help but moan again. "Very well then. Come over to my desk now. I've got some work to do with you." My clit throbbed as I thought about all the different things that might occur. It was difficult for me to believe that any of this was even happening--it was so surreal. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walked calmly towards her desk, trying to maintain whatever composure I had left. "Put your hands on top of the desk, spread your legs at shoulder width, and stick your ass up in the air nice and good for me." I did this, and as she stood behind me, watching me for a few moments, I could feel myself getting wet again. "Good girl." She went back to touching my ass rather softly, and then out of nowhere she gave my left cheek an extremely firm spank. I let out a sharp moan as her hand made contact with my ass. It hurt, but it also felt incredibly good. "Do you like that? Does that feel nice?" she said. "Mmmm fuck, it really does. I love it." "Oh? Foul language I see? That deserves another spanking." She then went on to give my right cheek a hard and firm smack, and began alternating between the two until they were completely red. She then grabbed me by my hips and turned me around so that I was facing her. She put her face close to mine and held it there while her hands made their way underneath my shirt. She unhooked my bra and tossed it away, and began forecfully caressing my breasts. She let out a quiet moan, and I couldn't help but arch my neck back and do the same. I absolutely loved the fact that she was enjoying this. She tugged at my nipples and pinched them tightly until they were hard. Once they were, she ripped my shirt off and began sucking and biting them. I ran my hands through her hair, and after a few minutes of her teasing me, she brought her face close to mine again and began kissing me. Her lips were so soft, I felt like I could kiss her for hours. She knew how to kiss, too. She used the perfect amount of force and tongue and knew exactly what she was doing. She then moved onto my neck, and continued kissing and biting me. While doing so, her hand made its way downwards and she smiled while remarking on how wet I was. My face reddened again. She moved in closely to me, continued smiling and whispered slowly, "I find it extremely sexy." I nearly came right then and there.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She then began rubbing my clit, and for a second, I thought I might've died and gone to heaven. Considering the fact that my clit was already hard and tender from the clothespin I had on earlier, it felt absolutely amazing. I was moaning rather loudly as she was rubbing me, so she put her hand over my mouth, signalling for me to keep it down. I nodded, and she continued touching me. I was trying my best not to make any noise, but was failing. It just felt so fucking good that I couldn't help but make a little bit of noise. "I told you to keep it down, did I not? I'll be right back. Don't you dare move a single inch, understood?" I looked at her and nodded, watching her carefully. She went into her desk, grabbed a set of keys, and headed towards a cupboard at the back of the classroom. She unlocked the cupboard and took out what looked like a gag, some lubricant, and two dildos--but I wasn't one hundred percent sure. She looked over all the things that were inside the cupboard for a few moments, as if she was trying to decide if she should grab anything else while she was there, but she didn't. She shut the cupboard, and as she was walking back towards me I thought about how lucky I was right now and smiled widely. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She put the gag over my face, tightened it, and went on to turn me over onto my stomach so that my back was facing her. She then ran several fingers over my soaking cunt and after a few seconds of this, her fingers found their way inside of me; only for them to be quickly pulled out. Her fingers then made their way to my asshole. Shivers went down my spine and I let out a muffled moan as she pushed them inside of me and began thrusting. After a few minutes of this, she pulled out and grabbed a dildo. She was taking a moment, so I looked back and noticed that she was applying a fair amount of lubricant to it. My clit hardened. "I think you're going to like this." she said, and slowly pushed the dildo inside of my ass. "Now, I want you to hold it there. Understood?" "Mmhmm" I mumbled. As I tried my absolute best to keep it in place, she walked around to the other side of the desk so that she was facing me and stood there watching, smiling. Her hand made its way down her pants and as she leaned her back up against the whiteboard and began rubbing herself. She did this for quite a while, and I couldn't tell if she was really enjoying herself, or if she just wanted to see how long she could make me suffer. In hindsight, it was probably both.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She then made her way back to standing behind me. "Good girl" she said, "You did a great job. Now, do you want more of this? Or should I just move onto your pussy now?" I began to attempt to mumble a reply and she interrupted, "well, you don't get to decide anyway" and grinned. She began fucking my ass rather roughly and my breathing became quite labored.I felt almost as if I was going to orgasm. Noticing this, she pulled the dildo out of me, set it down, and grabbed the other one she had resting on her desk. She went on to rub it against my pulsating clit for a few moments and I let out several moans. "I hope your pussy is ready to be fucked nice and good. I can't wait to see you cum". She grabbed one of my tits and thrusted the dildo inside of me. She began fucking me fast and hard. She wasn't wasting any time. I felt like I was going to explode after just 15 seconds, but I held on for as long as I possilby could. I was moaning after every thrust now, and as she gripped my breast as tightly as she could, I came. It seemed like the most amazing, and satisfying orgasm I had ever experienced. I felt it throughout my entire body, and my eyes rolled back which was always an excellent indicator that I had just came *hard*. She pulled the soaking wet dildo out of me, took the ball gag out, and ordered me to clean the dildo up. I listened and intently sucked and licked every last trace of my cum off of of it.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She pulled it out of my mouth, placed it on her desk, smiled, and began kissing me. After a few minutes of that, I pulled away and let out a satisfied sigh, "that was absolutely incredible. I loved every minute of that. You're incredible. But what about you?" She smiled and responded "oh, we're not done here yet." I smiled, "Oh?" "Of course not" she replied. She then began taking her shirt off and I could feel myself getting turned on again. She took off her bra, her skirt, and then her panties. I couldn't stop staring at her breasts, all I wanted to do was lick and nip at them, but she had something else in mind. She looked at me and said rather sternly, "get on your knees and lick my pussy." A rush went through my body as she said these words, and I got onto my knees as fast as I could and began licking her directly on her clit. I held her by her hips, and she ran her fingers through my hair as my tongue brushed up against her. I was determined to make her cum. She began making a bit of noise and I couldn't help but start rubbing myself a little bit as well. After a quite a while of licking her pussy the best that I could, her moaning became increasingly louder and I could tell that she was ready to cum--and she did just that. She looked down at me contently, and I smiled and stood up. She pulled my body against hers, and began&nbsp; kissing me softly. I couldn't help but press my clit against her thigh and thrust myself against her a little bit. I pulled away from her for a moment, and we both smiled. "You can go ahead and get dressed now." I nodded and walked over to my clothes that were still resting neatly beside my desk. As I picked them up, I glanced back and smiled as she stood there, calmly surveying me. I put each article of clothing back on, and by the time I was finished so was she. "Well, I should probably get going now, it's quite late. I really enjoyed today though, thanks for everything." She smiled and nodded. "Be here on time next week." I smiled and responded "I promise I will." She sat down at her desk, got out the papers she was previously working on and continued writing. I walked out quite possibly the happiest person on the planet. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





