BDSM Library -  Recession Woes




 Recession Woes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Recently laid off, Ally turns to her webcam in search of direction. She finds it, slowly but surely.






June 5, 2010
"All you care about is your fucking blowjob!" Ally screamed at her boyfriend, who sat in bed and smirked, "What about my needs?"

24 year old Ally's once-promising relationship with her 30 year old investment banker boyfriend was unraveling once again. She stood by the desk, hands folded across her chest, staring at him.

"Your needs?" her boyfriend asked sarcastically, "You're a freak. You want me to tie you up and spank you? Who's into that?"

"Well, it's just a fantasy, a turn on. Why can't you indulge me?" Ally bit her lip and fought back tears.

"You could act and look like a woman you know," he said, getting up from the bed and pulling up his pants.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

He motioned towards her crotch, "Grow some hair."

"Get out! We're through!" Ally threw a pillow at him. He swatted it away.

"Go find yourself a creepy dungeon master online. Maybe he'll spank you good." He picked up his bag and left the apartment.

"Maybe I will," Ally screamed as he slammed the door. "Ugh!" She sat down again an buried her face in her hands. She began to sob but managed to stop. She swiveled the chair around and looked at her computer screen. She opened her web browser.

With her family cutting her off, her job insecure due to the economy and her high flying boyfriend now out of her life, Ally desperately needed company and clarity. She went to her bookmarks and found her favorite bondage site. She looked at latest updates and then, for the first time, clicked on "Find a Master/Slave".

She perused the ads for a while, then got up and went into the bathroom. There she stripped off her negligee ("I wore this for that scum," she muttered) and jumped into the shower. After she emerged she dried herself and wrapped the towel around her waist and sauntered over to the computer. The curtains were drawn and the AC was set to low so she enjoyed the cool breeze on her bare skin. She looked at the clock. It was only 9:20. She went back to looking at the ads.

She found one at caught her attention. The picture showed a casual, rugged man. The profile said that he was 34 and owned a small business. She read on. She liked what she read. She dragged the mouse over to the "express interest" button. A tingle went up her spine. She closed her eyes and thought for a moment. Expressing interest meant nothing, she assured herself. She clicked the mouse.

Immediately a chat window opened. "Turn on your webcam now."

Ally scrambled and grabbed a t-shirt and pulled it over her head. She turned on the webcam and aimed it at her face.

"Pretty face. Just showered?"

Ally began typing, "Yes."

"Why me?"

"You seem interesting."

The conversation went on for a while. Around midnight, Ally could barely stay awake.

"You are ready to sleep." Came the message.

"Yes, if you don't mind."

"If you are willing to accept my direction, let me ask that you report to the webcam at 9 a.m. tomorrow. Wear the same attire. Do not shower. Do you accept?"

"Yes. See you at 9."

"Very well. Good night." The window closed.

Surprisingly, Ally slept well that night. She woke up around 8:30, quickly ate breakfast and positioned herself at the computer by 9. It was a Saturday and she had no plans. Well, she did but she dumped her boyfriend the night before so there was to be no brunch downtown. 

The chat request came promptly at 9. This time he was on camera too.

"Do you have a microphone?" he asked, "Activate voice chat if you do."

She did and she heard his voice for the first time. Her heart was racing. This was exciting.

He gave her a chance to talk a bit before he took over, explaining who he was, what he did, and what he expected.

"I will send you a contract. Please read it carefully and e-sign it," he said.

"Yes, Sir. I will," Ally replied, pushing her thighs tighter together. She desperately wanted to reach for her dildo. The excitement was unbearable.

The e-mail arrived. Ally scanned the contract. She was to become a web slave from Friday 6pm to Monday 6 am, and then as desired during the week, but nightly checkins at 8 pm were required.

He pledged to keep all contact and shared information private. She agreed to place webcams in certain locations of the apartment. She also agreed to let him control every aspect of her life, and even carry out instructions when not on camera. She had an escape clause. She could cancel at any time during the first two weeks, else the contract ran for three months at a time.

"Is there anything you need to do this weekend that can't wait?" he asked, as he printed the signed contract.

"Groceries, but that can wait," she replied.

He signed the contract and put it in a file folder.

"I am placing an order for four remote USB webcams. You will go an pick them up from the store at noon. Here's the address. They are paid for, just show your ID. When you get back you will mount them in around the house: one in the kitchen, one facing your bed, one above the shower and the rotating one across from the shower," he instructed, "You will have them linked to this chat window. The rotating one must be facing out from the shower unless you are in the shower. 

"Now go and get ready. Dress casual after you shower. I will sign off for now. I expect to see you back online at 3, with all webcams installed and activated. Bye." The window closed.

Ally jumped into bed and pulled up her t-shirt. She plunged three fingers into her soaking wet pussy and began to rub herself. She reached for the dildo with her other hand but before she could get it out of the drawer she climaxed. She sat up, peeled off the t-shirt and threw it to the ground. Her apartment was a mess. Her clothes had piled up all over the floor but she didn't care. She looked at the clock. It was close to 11. She jumped into the shower. She dried herself and pulled on a pair of denim shorts and a tight tank top. She dried her hair, grabbed her purse and headed out to the computer store. It was a 15 minute walk from her place and the weather was beautiful.

At 3 pm, she was back at her desk, waiting for him to show up.

June 8, 2010
"You look happy," her co-worker said as Ally ate her lunch, "Happy to have dumped that guy?"

"You know?" Ally asked, surprised.

"Yes. I thought you would call to get together or something."

"I took care of stuff around the house. Long overdue."

"We should get together this weekend."

"I'll let you know." Ally knew the answer would be no.

While she had one of her better days at work in a long time, she couldn't stop thinking about the weekend. She had bared herself, literally and figuratively to a total stranger, someone she trusted in an instant. As per his instructions, she kept the chat window open all weekend, and the webcams turned on at all times. At night, she had to sleep with the bathroom light on so that her bedroom, or the sleeping area in the studio, wasn't too dark. If he wanted, he could see her in bed, on the toilet, in the shower, in the kitchen, anywhere. The thrill was too much at times. It became unbearable when he handed down strict instructions at 4 pm on Saturday.

"Take off your clothes and clean your apartment now. It looks like a mess. Gather your laundry and tidy up before dinner."

He saw her naked for the first time. 

Her studio had a washer/dryer combo. Ally did her laundry, made her bed and cleaned the bathroom. Then she swept the floors in the living area and kitchen. There were a few dishes to wash. She did that. She folded and put away her clothes. At 6:30 she was done and a little tired and hungry.

"All done, Sir," she said, sitting down at the desk.

"Good job. You are a natural. You may use the rest of the evening and night as you wish, as long as you remain naked and do not climax. You will leave the cameras on and the chat window open all night. I will wake you in the morning with further instructions."

He signed off.

June 15, 2010
"Why are you squirming so much? Is something hurting back there?" Lauren asked as Ally tried to reposition herself yet again on her office chair.

"No, it's nothing. My back's been bothering me since yesterday," Ally replied, not admitting that per instructions, she had a plug in her ass. A small shipment of toys had arrived on Friday and had kept her on edge all weekend. She even blew off lunch with another co-worker and didn't feel any remorse when confronted on Monday morning."

"Better see a doc else people will be wondering," Lauren said before turning his attention back to her computer screen.

"Have you seen Mel today?" Ally asked. Mel was short for Melanie, the Senior Analyst in Ally's division. Ally's boss. 

"She was here early and I saw her rush off to the Veep's office at 9, looking rather flustered."

"Hope everything is OK," Ally said, adjusting herself again.

At 10:40, Ally saw an e-mail arrive with a red flag. That meant it was urgent. She opened it. "VP requests your presence at 10:50."

"That's odd," Ally said.

"Veep wants to see me in 10 minutes," Lauren said.

"You too?"

"Wonder what's up. And Mel hasn't been back."

Ten minutes later they were in the VP's office, seated across from him. Mel wasn't there. 

"Ally. Lauren," he began, "I'll just cut to the chase. We're cutting Mel's division. It wasn't an easy decision. Both of you have done well here and will find something soon."

Lauren looked shell-shocked. Ally fought back tears. She gave up a lot to move to the city for her career and now they were cutting her loose. Where would she go? She forgot all about the plug in her butt that pushed deeper as she sat still on the chair.

The VP continued, "You've both been here for over two years so you'll get two months severance pay with benefits, which means you will remain on the payroll for that duration. Ally, you have 10 vacation days left, plus other leave so you can cash that out for an additional three weeks. Today will be your last day as a result. You can keep your corporate apartment for an additional month past the end of severance. Lauren..."

Blah, blah, blah, Ally thought to herself. What was she to do? She wanted to run out of the room but she figured that would be unwise. She had to find something and she had about three months to do so. Maybe her webcam Master would have ideas. Maybe she could... no, that would be too weird and scary. But wait, she was already taking orders from him and flaunting her naked self on a daily basis, and she was sitting in her VP's office, with a plug in her butt, getting a pink slip.

By the time they were done, they had been escorted out of the VP's office through a side door and a security officer handed them a bag with their personal effects. Lauren and Ally stared at each other, neither were crying, both were rather angry. They lived in the same building and sometimes rode in together but they never got close. Now they walked towards the bus stop, clutching what remained of their first corporate gig, their first real job.

Lauren mustered the courage to speak, "What will you do?"

"Not sure," Ally replied, feeling a lump form in her throat. "I'll relax for a few days and start posting my resume again, calling contacts. Maybe Mel might be of help. And you?"

"I'll go back to my parents for now," Lauren replied. Ally didn't respond. They didn't say anything else for the rest of the ride home. Once in the apartment building, Lauren whispered "good luck" on her way out of the elevator. "You too," said Ally.

Ally entered her 7th floor apartment and threw the bag on the bed. She threw off her shoes and lay down on the bed and stared at the ceiling for a long time.

"Home early?" the voice on the computer came alive.

Ally jumped up. She stared at the webcam across from the bed. "I got fired today," she said.

"How long are you supported," he said with a hint of sympathy.

"About three months."

"Then what?"

"I'll look for a job while I'm still here. Are you hiring?"

He wasn't on camera so she couldn't see his reaction. After a brief pause, he said, "You want to go from webcam to live-in? That's quite a jump."

"Never mind. Forgive me for asking."

"No it's OK. I like to vet for a while before hiring. I could use someone here but in a role that might be too much for you."

"I do as I'm told. What more should I do?"

"I'll be back at 4. Go out and get some air. We'll talk then." She heard a click.

Ally used the time to get some lunch and visit the salon for a Brazilian. For some reason, the mild pain from the waxing masked the anger and hurt from being fired but she felt that something good would come of it.

At 4 she sat at her desk, wearing her trademark denim shorts and tank top. He signed on and came on camera.

"If you find another job in the next 10 weeks, you can walk away from me. You can do what's necessary to land a job, but I will put you on trial for a position here. I am voiding your current contract and e-mailing a new one. It just puts you under my control 24/7 for 10 weeks, with exceptions made to post resumes and make phone calls during a one hour period each weekday. If you receive a call, you will let it go to voice-mail and then respond.

"If you get an interview, you will go. I will relax all rules for a reasonable period. However, the webcams and microphone will remain on the entire time you are at home. Understood?"

"Yes, Sir," Ally responded. She saw the e-mail notification. She glanced at the new contract and e-signed and returned it. 

"Expect a delivery by Thursday morning."

"OK." Ally saw another e-mail notification. The subject said, "Your day." She opened the e-mail. It was a daily routine she had to follow starting the next day.

6 am: rise, report to computer, await instructions
8 am, 1 pm, 7 pm: meals
10 pm: bed

How boring, she thought.

June 10, 2010
This was Ally's second full day as a full-time webcam slave. Nothing exciting had happened since she made the transition after losing her job. Master was out of town on Wednesday so she got to spend the day relaxing after he checked in with her in the morning. But today was the day the shipment was due. She had no idea what was coming.

She looked at the clock. It was 5:55. She got up, straightened her pj's and walked over to the desk. She sat down, still bleary-eyed and waited for him. She squirmed a bit as her bladder was full. 

An e-mail arrived promptly at 6. She opened it.

"Relieve, brush and eat breakfast. Remain in current attire until further notice. Put away bedding and fold sofa-bed. Clean area. Expect UPS at 10."

That was all. Ally did as she was told. She wanted to shower and change before the UPS guy showed up but she had to follow instructions. She waited patiently for him, reading "The Story of O" which he had sent her electronically. Was she his "O"? Or was she the secretary from the movie with the same name? Only time would tell.

Yesterday she had sent out her resume and made a few phone calls. She managed to get hold of her former boss Mel, who herself had been fired the same day and was not chasing leads herself. So she would be of no use. The webcam to live-in switch might be her only hope.

The doorbell rang at 10:05. It was the lobby manager, with the UPS guy. He had three medium sized boxes on a dolly. He wheeled them in, placed the boxes in the room, made her sign and left. Ally stared at the boxes. They were all addressed to her. They were from him. There were no labels to prove that but she knew. The boxes were numbered 1, 2 and 3. She heard an e-mail alert on the computer and walked over.

"Before you open the boxes, remove all your clothes from the closet, except for one interview-appropriate attire and two sets of summer casuals (shorts/tank and short dress). Keep three sets of underwear and socks, one pair of sneakers, one pair of formal shoes, and one pair of flip-flops. Carefully remove all contents of these boxes and place them on the floor. Put your clothes and shoes in these boxes and stack boxes in corner of room."

Bizarre, Ally though. Did he just send her a new wardrobe? She did as she was told, tense with excitement.

Ally opened the first box. It contained two smaller boxes. She opened the first one. There was a set of sex toys: dildoes, vibrators, plugs and beads of different sizes. How exciting, she thought. She opened the second box which was heavier. There was a steel collar, steel cuffs, ankle chains and more chains. She examined the cuffs. There were no keys but there were release buttons on each cuff. Interesting, she thought. She stuffed her shoes and bags into the empty box and set it aside.

She opened the second box. There was a slip of paper on top. She picked it up. It said, "throw away all open containers of food and condiments from your kitchen. Donate all unopened items. Do so by 3 pm today. Purchase two gallon jugs of water on your way back. Also make sure you have a two month supply of toiletries."

In the box there were six sacks, two labeled breakfast (serve one cup), two labeled lunch and two labeled dinner. Each sack had her name on it. The lunch and dinner sacks also said, "Mix one cup with one cup warm water." There was one steel bowl and a steel mug in the box.

She put everything near the kitchen. She went back to the third box. She opened it and saw instructions. Proceed no further. Await further instructions. She closed it. In the meantime she stuffed whatever she could into the second box, emptying her closet in the process. She proceeded to empty her fridge and cabinets into two trash bags. She took the few unopened items and put them in a third bag. She grabbed her keys and took the trash out to the chute. She came back to find another e-mail.

"Shower, dress, go and eat lunch as you please. Complete errands and be home by 4."

Ally was home by 3:30. She put away the things she had bought. She turned and saw an e-mail from him.

"Remove current attire, put away any unpacked clothes. Close all curtains. Relieve yourself. Stand naked before computer and await 4 pm visit."

He appeared at 4 Ally stood in front of the desk, naked again, nervous, glancing at the boxes of toys and shackles. 

"Good. You've made progress," he said, surveying the apartment, "I will test your will and faith, your strength and resolve, and determine if you are obedient enough to continue to serve me.

"Is there a cabinet or space big enough for you to crawl into and sit with you back straight and legs folded?"

"Yes, Sir, the pantry. There are shelves but they are high enough."

"Very well. The first phase of your training will commence today. Open box 3 and remove packets labeled 1 and 2.."

Ally did as she was told. Her eyes lit up when one packet revealed a SmartPhone. The other had a wireless webcam and a small lamp.

"Go and fix the webcam in a corner of the closet so that you'll be facing it and it gets a good view of you. Fix the lamp high enough but turn it downward. It's battery-powered. Don't get too excited about the phone. It can only dial my number and receive messages and media from me. Keep it with you at all times."

Ally's head was spinning. All these instructions. All these changes. Why can't he just ask her to move in?

"All done, Sir," Ally said, returning to the desk.

"Very well. Now turn off all lights in your apartment except for the bathroom. Fill a bottle with water and go into the closet and close the door. Set the lamp to low."

Ally went into the pantry and closed the door behind her. She crouched onto the ground, knees folded to her chest. Her stomach growled softly. She drank some water. She looked at the phone. No instructions and no clock. She'd have no idea about the time. She sipped some more water and closed her eyes. She managed to fall asleep.
 
Surprisingly, he had left her alone. When she finally woke up she was a little stiff. Her stomach growled loudly. She drank some more water and realized she had to pee badly. She looked at the phone. Just as she picked it up a message arrived, "step out and make dinner. Eat with bowl and spoon provided. Use facilities. You have 20 minutes."

Ally came out and went to the bathroom. She looked at herself in the mirror. She smiled. She sat on the toilet and peed a river. She wiped, washed hands, splashed water on her face and went back to the kitchen. There she opened the sack labeled dinner, made a bowl of the stuff and slowly ate it while sitting on the floor. The mush tasted sweet but wasn't unpalatable. As she was washing down the last bits with water, she heard the message alert on the phone.

"Mount the dildo with the suction cup on the floor of the closet. Go in and ride it. Stop when you are close to orgasm. Resume when the feeling subsides."

Ally put her bowl in the sink, grabbed the dildo and mounted it on the floor. She positioned herself over it and lowered herself, letting it slide into her wet pussy. Grabbing her knees she began to move, lowering her butt to the ground and raising it again in rhythmic motion. She could sense an orgasm coming within minutes. She stopped and lifted herself off. She took a deep breath and resumed, repeating the process over and over again. Her legs were getting sore, her pussy was throbbing and dripping wet, sweat covered her. She was getting close to exploding when the phone vibrated. The message said, "Stop."

She did. She removed the dildo, washed it and wiped it with a paper towel and put it back in its case.

July 6, 2010
Ally hadn't been out of the apartment since the day she opened those boxes. She spent every minute following his instructions, spending a lot of time in the closet, coming out to use the bathroom or get something per instructions. She read several short stories about bondage and watched movies that he streamed to her computer or phone. The "no orgasm" rule was driving her crazy. The diet he had put her on wasn't too bad. It made her feel good. She hadn't received a single lead on her job search but she began caring less and less about that. It was clear that he was impressed with her dedication.

Ally had been naked continuously. She was very comfortable about that. Now she was sitting at her desk as he composed his thoughts. She had a collar and ankle chains on, her wrists were free for now. A stubble had formed over her pussy and it was beginning to bother her. She was due for a waxing, maybe he would grant her permission to go out and get one.

"You are making progress."

"Thank you."

"It's time for adjustments. I am feeling very charitable today. You know those clothes you packed away? It's time to donate those. Put them out in the hallway by 9 a.m. tomorrow and somebody will come by and pick them up. Throw on a towel when you open the door."

Ally hesitated and asked, "You want me to give away my clothes?"

"Are you using them?"

"Not for now."

"Do you have a new job yet?"

Ally kept quiet. It's not that she had a ridiculous amount of clothes but they were her things nonetheless. Now he wanted her to donate them all. This was a test. A test of her commitment to him. Maybe it was a step closer to moving in with him.

"I'll do it."

"Then cover the mirror in the bathroom with newspaper.&nbsp; You will also sleep on the hard floor, on a sheet, unless you are in the closet. Put the pillows away."

"Yes, Sir." Ally was trembling.

"Log in to your bank account and transfer all your funds into a fixed deposit account, one that generates maximum possible interest. Remit that interest back into your checking account. Direct your remaining paychecks to the fixed deposit account.

"Inform the corporate housing office that you plan to vacate&nbsp; this apartment on August 1. They only need 15 days notice so you're giving them plenty."

Ally listened. He was truly taking over her life. She was one step closer to being his live-in slave.

"On August 1, you will take whatever you have left with you and vacate the premises. You will go to the Ready to Roll Salon and Spa where a treatment program has been reserved for you: laser hair removal, mani/pedi, scrubs, soaks and cleanses. You will be prepared over three days for your delivery to me."

Ally was excited. She was beaming. "Thank you so much!"

"Don't get too excited. I could rescind the offer as late as July 31. Then where will you go?"

Ally was deflated. "I won't mess up. I promise!" she begged him as he smiled.

"I will send you a job offer and contract to cover all legalities. You will sign and return by July 15. Now go and do as I've told you to do and I'll check in after dinner."

Ally did the banking as directed. She calculated that approximately $110 would return to her each month. She neatly packed her boxes of clothes and shoes and got them ready for the next day. She looked around the relatively bare apartment and sighed. She looked at her phone. No messages. No voice mails. She checked her e-mail. Some junk, that's all. 

She cried softly as she heard someone take the boxes away the next morning. She had spent a restless night on the hard floor, barely sleeping. She had covered the only mirror in the apartment. She went into the closet and curled up and buried her head between her knees and sobbed.
 
 July 15, 2010
Another day went by and Ally remained shackled and collared. It was a hot evening and per instructions, she had kept the AC down to a minimum. She drank lots of water as he had her riding the dildo periodically. He had made her remove the final item from box 3, a steel pan into which she had to pee. It took a little getting used to but using the mounted dildo had certainly strengthened Ally's legs. 

The formal job offer and contract arrived that evening around 6. Ally read it carefully, eating her dinner mush at her desk.

"You have been offered the position of Accountant and Office Manager. This is a live-in position with room and board covered. The company shall make FICA and 401-K contributions based on a salary of $24,000. However, no payroll deposits will be made as the salary will be consumed by room, board and insurance costs.

"This is a full time, live-in position, for one year, with unlimited extensions possible based on job performance and mutual satisfaction.

"Either party may break the contract within 45 days of signing."

Ally e-signed the first page and moved on to the second page.

"You are committing yourself to a Master who will respect certain limits.

"You will have limited privileges, no rights and many responsibilities.

"You agree to be obedient and respectful.

"You agree to follow every instruction.

"You agree to speak only when spoken to and ask no questions."

Ally e-signed that page as well.

She moved on to the final page.

"On July 30 and 31 you will clean your apartment. You will pack all the items you have received from your Master and arrange to ship them to him. This must be completed by 3 pm on July 31. 

"You will include any clothing that you have retained, barring one set including underwear and footwear, which you will wear to the spa on August 1, after you surrender your keys.

"You will throw away any incidental items including toiletries when you leave on August 1. You will shower that morning and eat breakfast before leaving. Take nothing more than your purse, personal phone and shades."

She couldn't wait. When July 30 arrived she went all out to clean the apartment and get everything packed. On August 1, she handed the keys over to the front office. "No boxes?" the manager asked. "Shipped everything," Ally replied with a smile and walked out of the building, her first outdoor foray in weeks. The warm breeze was soothing as she walked towards the bus stop in her denim and tank combo, with comfy flip flops on her feet. She boarded the next bus and 20 minutes later was at the spa. After she checked in she was taken to a private room which had nothing more than a bunk, cubby and sink. She was handed a bag into which she placed her clothes and valuables. She put on a robe and waited.

First came the medical exam. It was the full deal, bloodwork, pee in cup, etc.&nbsp; After all the questions, the pressing, the probing, Ally was sent on her way to the laser hair removal room.

The laser hair removal process lasted two hours. It stung a little bit, especially in the most sensitive areas. The technician slathered a cooling gel over her pussy and underarm and told her to relax as she went to work on her legs. "No more shaving or waxing for you," she said as Ally lay there, a dark curtain separating her at the neck from all the action. She stared at a TV screen on the ceiling. After it was over she stepped into the shower. From there she went for a mani'pedi and facial. By late afternoon she was tired and famished. She ate a meal of greens and fruit in her room. She turned in early.

The next morning she was woken at 6 and taken for a cleanse. She was made to drink an herb concoction that wasn't very appealing. Then, she was made to lie on her side as a tube was inserted into her butt. She felt a warm liquid enter her, filling her. The tube was removed and a second, wider tube was placed. She was asked to relax. The process was repeated two more times and she was directed to a tub where she soaked in sweet smelling water for over two hours.

All this pampering...

On the third morning, her hair was trimmed and tidied, she took a luxurious shower after a salt scrub. Then she ate a light breakfast and was asked to wait in her room. An attendant arrived around 11:30. She handed her a simple white floral print dress and a lace bra. "Wear this," she said, "per instructions. Sandals are outside."

"What about my stuff?" she asked, referring to her purse and phone and the clothes she came in.

"In the car already. It's time to go."

"Panties?"

"No, he wants you to be commando."

Ally got dressed and headed out of the spa into a waiting town car. A black glass separated her from the driver. Her windows were darkened as well so she couldn't see where they were going. There were two bottles of water and some magazines. No clock. She slept for a good part of the drive. When she woke up she had to pee. She tapped on the glass partition. "Yes," said a voice over the intercom.

"I have to use the bathroom," Ally said, squirming.

"We are almost there. Another 15 minutes."

"OK. Hurry."

He was right. The car slowed down, a gate opened and they drove to the front of the house. She got out of the car, thanked the driver and headed towards the open front door. She stepped inside.

"Hello?" she called out. Then she saw an arrow pointing down. She saw the stairs and went down. She entered a room adorned with candles. He was sitting at one end. He motioned her towards a lectern where there was a scroll.

"Please read and do as it says," he said.

Ally looked at the scroll. "I have arrived to submit myself to thee."

"I remove my shoes at this altar." Ally removed her sandals.

"I remove this cloth that separates me from servitude." Ally stripped off the dress and bra.

"I present myself to thee, as thy slave." Ally took steps towards him. He rose from his chair.

"On your knees, head bowed," he instructed.

"With this collar, I enslave you." He locked a steel ring around her neck. Ally flinched when it clicked.

"With these shackles I bind you." He placed steel cuffs around her wrists and ankles and shackled her.

"With this gag I silence you." He made her bite down on a plastic ball as he tied the gag around her.

The lights brightened in the room. Ally stood motionless, collared, shackled and gagged, awaiting his next move.

 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 










Recession Woes, part 2

Ally remained motionless, collared, gagged and shackled. He came up to her and ran his fingers down her face and between her breasts. She was breathing heavily. She could sense that she was very wet. He could too.

"Arousal is good. It shows compliance. Orgasm isn't. It shows selfishness," he said. Ally looked down at the ground and nodded.

"You have much to learn and much to do," he continued, running his fingers down her spine, stopping at her tailbone. She wished he went further but he didn't. "Now that you are in my presence, let the learning begin." He pulled a hood over her head and secured it, plunging her into darkness. A small opening on each side let air in and out. He freed her wrists for a moment and then tightly secured them with shackles behind her back, connected with chain to her ankle chains. He grabbed her breasts from behind and began squeezing her nipples hard. She squirmed and moaned as her nipples grew erect. She knew what was coming and she was right. He placed a clamp on her left nipple and slowly tightened it, just tight enough to remind her that it was there. He did the same to her left nipple.

"Bend over," he ordered, pushing her down. She did and spread her legs as far as the ankle chain would allow. He parted her ass. She felt something cold and sticky against her asshole. It was a steel plug, well-lubed. He pushed it as far as it would go, stretching her and driving her to the brink.

He led her out of this room and to another. He made her crouch on what appeared to be a bucket. "Pee, slave," he ordered her, shoving a wad of tissue into her hands. She was relieved to pee. She was afraid he wouldn't let her and she would pee all over herself or worse, over him. Awkward as it was, she managed to dab herself and drop the tissue into the bucket.

"Kneel down," he ordered. She did. "Touch her forehead to the ground. She bent over and did as she was told. Now her ass was raised and she could picture the shiny butt plug and her wet pussy staring at him. She heard multiple clicks as he first locked her collar to a ring on the floor and did the same with each ankle. Then he pulled her wrists up and locked them to a ring that dangled from the ceiling. He breasts dangled below her, her nipples clamped. She was totally helpless and secured, silenced and in darkness.

"There are motion sensors attached to these rings. Each time you move, even very slightly, it records it. I will know. What happens to you next will depend on how still you remain. I know you are expecting dinner and perhaps a comfortable place to sleep. We'll see if you get anything tonight." He began to walk away.

"Don't worry," he said, stopping at the door, " I still intend to use your finance and accounting skills. This is a job after all. I have a business to run and money to make. I just like my assistant to be the special kind."

The door closed. Ally held still, feeling her legs cramping. Her stomach growled. Her throat was dry. Tears formed in her eyes. She took a deep breath, trying not to move and disturb the chains. She could lift her head a little. She did that as she was beginning to get a headache. She felt the tug of the chain if she lifted it too much. How long would he keep her this way?

"You did better than I expected," he said, as he entered the room. Ally heard him put something down. A tray of food, perhaps, she thought. She heard multiple clicks as he freed her from most of the rings, except for the one that secured her ankles in place. She was standing up, unsteady as the circulation slowly returned to her legs. He freed her wrists and removed the hood. She kept her eyes closed at first and then slowly opened them, expecting bright lights but the light was dim. She blinked a few times and surveyed her surroundings. her back was to the door. He ordered her to kneel again and this time keep her back straight. He removed the gag and handed her a water bottle. She drank the entire amount. "Thank you Master," she said.

"It's 'your humble slave is eternally grateful'," he said sternly.

"Your humble slave is eternally grateful," she replied.

"Good. Now eat your dinner," he said putting a bowl before her. The bowl was marked with her name, preceded by the word "slut". She ate the lukewarm watery cream of wheat with cooked carrots, mashed banana and flax seed. She didn't think about the odd combination. She was very hungry and was happy to finally get some food inside her. He gave her a second bottle of water to wash it all down. She even poured some of the water into the bowl and lapped up the remnants.

"Your humble slave is eternally grateful," she said, putting the bowl and spoon down.

He didn't say anything. He removed his belt. Here it comes, she thought, expecting him to undo his pants. Instead he wrapped the belt around his palm, clutching the buckle. The leather strap dangled ominously from his hands. "Bend over," he growled, "forehead on the ground." Ally trembled and slowly did as she was told. He pulled his arms under her and cuffed them to the ring that secured her ankle chain to the floor. He slowly ran the strap over her wet pussy, dragging the slickness with it over the butt plug and on to her back. Then without warning, and with an expert's touch, he landed two quick blows from below, each landing square on her pussy lips, striking her engorged clit and sending sharp searing pain through her body. Ally yelped and said with a choking voice, "Your humble slave is eternally grateful." Two more lashes followed and before she could say anything, lashes criss-crossed her back and raised ass. Every time Ally tried to express her gratitude, her lashed her harder. She pictured red welts across her back and butt, but surprisingly, there were none, the lashes leaving reddened skin but nothing that wouldn't go away in minutes. He ended with three more lashes on her pussy.

Then the pants came down and the butt plug came out. Ally cringed, closing her eyes. She had no idea how big he was. She braced herself as he knelt behind her. She felt him at the entrance. She took a deep breath.

"Time to mark my territory," he said.

Ally barely slept that first night. She could not find a comfortable position on the floors. He had removed all of her shackles, even the nipple clamps. The only things that remained were her collar and butt plug. Her body ached from the previous evening's ordeal. He had truly marked his territory by filling her butt with his massive load, and plugging it up.

The pampering at the spa seemed like a distant, faded memory. Only 24 hours ago she was there. Now she lay on the floor of a dark basement room, with a water bottle and a bucket for company. She sat up and stretched her legs out in front of her. She didn't know what time it was, whether it was even dawn. She had to pee badly but felt too lazy to get up. She yawned and opened the water bottle, drinking what was left. Her stomach growled. She was about to lie down on her side again when she heard footsteps. She stood up.

The door opened and he was standing there in a robe, holding a bowl. He set it down and approached her. He removed a piece of cloth from his pocket. "Close your eyes," he said and proceeded to blindfold her. "On your knees," he ordered. Ally dropped to her knees. She felt something warm near her mouth, something that grew harder. She opened her mouth and he put it inside. She gripped the base with her hand and began to suck. her stomach growled. This was breakfast, or at least a part of it since there was a bowl waiting for her. He grew big and hard in her mouth. He didn't moan or make a sound as Ally continued to lick and suck him, never letting him fully out of his mouth. He stood there with his robe open and his hands on his hips. Finally he came, squirting his hot juices down her throat. She didn't gag or flinch, she swallowed it all and continued to do her duty until he went limp and slipped out of her mouth.

"I am eternally grateful for what I have received," she said softly, licking her lips. Her pussy was throbbing, the plug in her ass a constant reminder of her status. He closed his robe and removed her blindfold. He pointed to the bowl, "Eat up," he said, "You have a long day ahead of you." He left the room and returned moments later, having filled her water bottle. Ally was kneeling on the floor, drinking her breakfast from the bowl. It was a watery concoction of oats and grits, tasteless but she did not care. She was hungry. She washed it down with plenty of water. She wasn't sure if she needed his permission to pee now that it was morning but she didn't wish to risk his wrath. Uncomfortable as it was, she waited patiently.

When he returned a short time later he ordered Ally to follow him. He was still wearing his robe. He led her to a tiny nook off the hallway where there was a stainless steel sink/toilet combo. A hose was connected to the wall and was lying on the floor next to the toilet bowl, which was very low. He removed Ally's butt plug. There was a toothbrush and a tube of toothpaste, as well as a bar of soap on the sink.

"Freshen up, clean up, do what you have to. I will be back in 15 minutes to get you," he said as he walked away.

Ally squatted over the bowl, relieved herself and then washed with the water from the hose. She proceeded to brush her teeth and wash her face, drying off with the piece of cloth that hung on the side of the sink. She was ready before her time was up. A shower would have been better, she thought to herself, but at least she was cleaner than she was at breakfast.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sam E.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





