BDSM Library - Meat Camp




Meat Camp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A fantasy story set in a Dolcett world where women are meat. Girls at a holiday camp are challenged to beat a machine or be roasted for dinner.






Meat Camp


'Good morning, girls! Welcome to Meat Camp. I am your Group Leader, and my name is Miss Cathy Templeton.'

'Good morning, Miss Templeton!'

'This session is called Meat Challenge, and it is one of the most important adventurous activities you will be completing at the Camp.

Cathy Templeton was a very fit and healthy looking brunette in her mid twenties. Her uniform jumpsuit was filled out in all the right places, and her nipples tented the lightweight material. There was even a neat little pocket at the top of one leg to support her meat registration tag. The girls were intrigued.

'Thank you, Miss Templeton!'

'Girls, I am going to start by introducing one of the most important pieces of equipment here at Meat Camp. As you can see, this is a fully functioning Kate spitting machine. You will remember the Kate demonstration movie in our orientation class. The Kate in that movie was the standard model, which is designed for Meat Acquisition. It gives a girl a fantastic ride, even if she always ends up as a spitroast. It is hard for girls like us to resist mounting a machine like that.'

'This machine has the same spitting function, but in other respects it is very different. We call it the Green Kate, because it uses far less energy than the standard model. It is not designed for meat acquisition. Most of you will complete your ride on the machine without being spitted, and earn the Meat Challenge Badge. This is an important adventurous activity at Meat Camp.'

'The Green Kate has a much simpler pleasure mechanism than the standard Kate. There is no neural feedback, and there is a very different system to trigger the clamps, but it is fun to ride. I have tried it myself. It's perfectly safe as long as you keep up your concentration.'

'At the front of the block, here, where the wrist clamps would be on a standard Kate, you will see a pair of handgrips. While you are riding the Green Kate you must keep hold of them. Do not release them, or pull them hard. Do not kick hard against the footrests, or attempt to get off the machine before it shuts down at the end of the ride. Is that clear, girls?'

'Yes, Miss Templeton!'

'I think "Yes, Miss" will do, thank you girls!'

'The purpose of this challenge is to test your will and determination. If you ride the Kate for a full two minutes without breaking any of these rules, it will shut down. You can then dismount safely. Otherwise you will be spitted. Do you understand?'

'Yes, Miss!'

'While a girl is on the machine, the rest of you will try to tease and distract her. I'm sure you all know how to do that! Her challenge is to keep up her concentration in spite of any distractions, and you have an important role in making that challenge realistic.'

'Yes, Miss!'

'If one of you fails the challenge, after she is spitted you will all take her to the roasting pit, attend to the roast and prepare for our campfire dinner. That part of this activity is just as important as riding the machine, which will continue on the following day. Are there any questions?'

'Miss, how do we switch on the machine?'

'That's a very good question, Chloe. When you mount the machine it detects your weight and starts up automatically. It will also adjust itself to fit you.'

'Miss, if one of us gets spitted, how does she get to the roasting pit?'

'That's another very good question, Tammy. There's a spitroast trolley over there, by the trees. You will all help to load the spitroast onto the trolley, and unload it at the roasting pit.'

'Miss, if I get spitted, what will you tell my parents?'

'Ah yes, Fiona. All your parents have signed an adventurous activity waiver, giving permission for you to be roasted if you fail a test. That is quite specifically allowed for.'

'Miss, how will we know how long there is to go when we are on the machine?'

'Well done, Evelyn. The machine will beep every fifteen seconds, with a double beep after one minute, and a continuous tone when you reach the two minute mark.'

She looked around, but there were no more questions.

'Girls, for safety reasons you are not allowed to wear clothing within five yards of the Kate. We will now march to the bunkhouse, and leave our clothes tidily on our beds.'

Back at the Kate site, the sexy looking, totally bare Miss Templeton addressed the girls. There were titters of appreciation as they took in her marvellously developed figure, and the golden meat tag that hung from her pussy lip. They were all envious of her superb looking breasts.

'Right. Jane and Annie, you will be responsible for the cooking fire. Don't worry, you will have your turn on the machine tomorrow. Make sure that it's up to cooking temperature as quickly as you can. The basting kit is in the kitchen tent, and that's your responsibility today.'

'I have here a set of numbered discs. I want you to all take one. Good. Now I'm going to pick the first girl to ride the machine. It's number 8. Put your hand up. Very good, Rhona. I want you on that machine! Now! The rest of you will gather round and see if you can distract her somehow. I'll be fascinated to see what you come up with!'

Rhona was a pretty girl with blue eyes, sandy hair and pale skin. She had nice breasts and like all of the girls, a neatly shaved pussy. She ran quickly to the machine while the others followed. It was scary to see the spit right there where it would be pointing at her pussy. She couldn't resist giving it a quick feel. It was real all right. It was made to spit a girl. She shivered with excitement as she knelt in the grooves that spread her legs wide. There was the footrest! She leaned forward over the block. It was nice to feel her breasts hanging loosely through the cutouts in the block. There was a whirring sound as the block adjusted to fit her. She reached down and grasped the handles. This is it! She thought.

The other girls gathered round. There was another whirring sound as the built in mechanisms rotated up and over her pussy, and a thick prong pushed firmly into her cunt.

Rhona gasped as the teasing feelers tickled her pussy. The vibrations were delicious! She squirmed in response, trying desperately not to move her feet or pull at the handgrips.

Two of the girls knelt down and reached under the machine to tickle her breasts. Her nipples were small but as hard as nuts. It was all she could do not to flinch. And then the girls were caressing her all over. It was so arousing that she felt her hair pricking up. And that pussy teasing was as much as she could bear. By the time the first minute was up she knew she was going to explode. She tried esperately to resist, thinking about other things like the cooking fire, well maybe not that, or the spit pointing so excitingly at her pussy, maybe not that either!

'Ooooh! She gasped as the pleasure began to flood through her. It was impossible to resist.

She couldn't help jerking as the girls pinched her nipples, and then somebody was teasing the soles of her feet. She tried desperately to hang on. Beep! Only fifteen seconds to go. At last the continuous tone sounded, and the pleasure mechanism retracted. She was so wet and aroused, she shook with emotion.

'Don't cry, Rhona! You won! You don't have to do it again. You've won your badge!'

She couldn't help it. Trembling, the tears pouring down her cheeks, she climbed off the machine and joined the others.

'Well done, Rhona!'

'Thank you, Miss!'

'Now I want you to draw the number for the next girl from this bag.'

'Yes, Miss! It's number four.'

'Who's number four? Lorraine? Let's have you on the machine then. Quick as you can!'

Trembling, Lorraine mounted the machine. Two minutes later she had no idea how she had managed to get through the trial. The last few seconds were the hardest. She had almost gone into convulsions but fortunately the timer had reprieved her just in time.

Then it was Susan's turn. She was number seven. She seemed incredibly calm and no matter what the girls did she seemed above it all, but nobody was very surprised. She practised Yoga every day. Maybe that was the answer to a lot of challenges.

Next it was Lisa, who had number twelve. By the time she got settled Rhona was having a few wicked ideas. She whispered to Karen, and after giving a little time for Lisa to start responding to the teasing stimulation, the two of them began to tickle her just under the ribs.

'No! Don't do that! Please! It's not fair!' Lisa protested, wriggling helplessly, but they continued mercilessly. She was a good looking brunette and she'd make a fine spitroast, Rhona thought.

Lisa knew she was losing it the moment the double beep told her that she still had to resist for another full minute. With the tickling and the probes working on her pussy she was going to have a climax any second. She couldn't stop it.

'Oooooh! Aaaaah! No! Don't!' She yelled as the convulsions began. A moment later she was jerking so violently that her tugs at the hand grips set off the clamps.

'Damn! It's got me!' She yelled, suddenly discovering how helpless she was.

She pulled, jerked and twisted but it was useless. The pleasure mechanisms retracted and the girls watched, spellbound as the spit advanced towards the parted lips of Lisa's pussy. It was shocking to feel the touch of the spit. She jerked instinctively as the point slipped between her lips. It parted them easily, moving steadily, relentlessly through and into her cunt.

'No! It's in me!' She protested ruefully, but the sensation was exciting beyond belief.

By the time her vulva was fully stretched the girls had seen Lisa climax at least twice. It was difficult to tell because her gasping convulsions were almost continuous. The girls were even a little jealous of her feverish contortions while her spit continued its journey, their pussies wet with excitement, tingling and throbbing at the thought of being spitted like that, and most of them would still have to ride the machine over the next day or two.

Rhona gave Karen a certain look. 'Are you ticklish, Karen?' She asked suggestively.

'Why?' Karen asked, but she already suspected what Rhona had in mind.

Rhona grinned. 'It worked on Lisa, didn't it?' She teased.

'Y-yes, it did!' Karen admitted.

'Well, we'll just have to see if it works just as well on you!'

'Don't you dare!' Karen pleaded.

'You'll make a great spitroast, Karen. I'll get the others to help me tickle you!'

'It's not fair. You didn't get tickled!' She protested. 'Promise you won't do that to me!'

'Oh, I'm not promising anything,' Rhona told her. 'That would spoil the fun!'

Just then Lisa coughed, and they all looked around to see the spit coming out of her mouth. She might not be the happiest girl in the camp, but she made a fine looking spitroast.

While two girls collected the spitroast trolley, the others bound Lisa to the spit. She was still wriggling with obvious enjoyment when they lowered her onto the spit rests and released the wind powered turning mechanism.

It was Jane and Annie's job to brush her with the fragrant basting mixture, and they made sure to get it onto her nipples, and into all of those little crevices.

She made a fine looking spitroast, with a nicely rounded bottom and firm looking breasts.

That night they all enjoyed the usual singsong around the campfire, accompanied by steaming, deliciously barbecued girlmeat and fresh fruit and salads, before retiring to the bunkhouse.

Karen didn't sleep too well that night, remembering Lisa's frantic protests while she and Rhona had tickled her mercilessly. It was the first time she had watched a girl being spitted at close range. It was incredibly sexy to watch the spit part Lisa's lips, open her cunt and then go right on through her like a skewer through a donut, except that donuts don't orgasm like a girl does!

It was scary to imagine herself in Lisa's position, with one of those businesslike spits loaded, locked and ready to run right into her own helpfully positioned cunt. It was bad enough trying to resist the machine's efforts to tease her pussy, but it was going to be really tough trying to resist being tickled and teased by the other girls, especially Rhona, who loved a practical joke.

What was most unsettling to Karen was Lisa's shocked reaction to the first touch of the spit. Lisa could not have anticipated that extraordinary sensation, but immediately her hips had adjusted to meet it, and then the spit had opened her so smoothly and so easily that the coordinated movements of girl and spit might have been choreographed.

It was late the following morning before the girls returned to the Green Kate machine. The first girl chosen was Jane, number three, who had tended the barbecue on the previous day, followed by Annie, number six, and Barbara, number one. By the time the first three girls had completed the test Karen was beginning to feel a little more optimistic. Then it was Tammy, number five. She came very close to getting caught, but her two minutes was up just in time.

The next number drawn was eleven! Karen's heart missed a beat when her number came up. She stepped up to the machine, trembling. The other girls stood back while she ran her hands over the spit. This is not for me, she decided, but the wetness in her slit told another story. She had never felt so excited and so scared, both at the same time.

Karen climbed into position on the machine and felt it adjust a little to fit her. It was exciting to feel her breasts hanging down through the openings in the block. She took hold of the hand grips and pressed lightly against the footrests. The chinrest tipped her head up awkwardly, but the curve of the block supported her neck.

'Aaah!' She breathed as the machine began to manipulate her pussy. The teasing was delicious.

Then the girls were kneeling down around her. Delicate fingers stroked her breasts and rubbed her nipples until they felt ready to burst. Soft hands ran lightly down her back until her hair was standing on end. The machine had found her clitoris and gentle vibrations soon had her near to a climax, while feelers transmitted the vibrations into the deepest crevices of her pussy. There was something thick and gristly pushing into her cunt. It probably felt rather like a cock, she suspected. She was beginning to respond, trying desperately to keep as still as possible.

Light fingers teased the soles of her feet and made her toes curl up. This was getting out of hand, she thought. She was helpless to control the bursts of sweetness deep in her pussy, but somehow she managed to hold the handgrips steady.

'Hi Karen! It's me!' Rhona's voice whispered into her ear, sparking a moment of panic.

'Stop it! Go away!' Karen gasped.

'You are going to like this!' Rhona whispered wickedly as her hands found the perfect position just below Karen's ribs.

'No! Don't you dare!' Karen protested frantically.

It was impossible to resist Rhona's wickedly teasing fingers while pleasure was building up in her pussy, her clitoris was bursting!

'Aaaah! Oooooh!' She gasped, helplessly wriggling as the rest of the group began to tease her all over. One of them was inventive enough to smack her bottom with the palm of her hand.

Rhona's knowing fingers found the place where she was most ticklish, just as pleasure exploded from her core, it was impossible to control and suddenly she was writhing, jerking in a helpless convulsion that she was helpless to control.

'Aaaaah! Noo! Stop! Please stop Rhona! I can't ...'

'Click!' She heard as the clamps locked. She was imprisoned, a helpless target for the spit.

'Damn you Rhona, it wasn't fair!' she protested.

'Yes it was, Karen. This is Meat Camp, remember? We were told to distract you. So I did.'

That was true, Karen thought, as Rhona straddled the block just in front of her uptilted face.

'Eat me, Karen, and I'll eat you later!' Rhona whispered. Karen could just reach Rhona's slit with her tongue. She was intoxicated wth pleasure and excitement. She reached out with her tongue and Rhona moved a little closer to let her nibble on her clit. Karen obliged, and in moments she had Rhona gasping as the pleasure took her. It was a nice distraction from her predicament.

The first touch of the spit took her completely by surprise. She jerked instinctively as it slid between the lips of her cunt and parted them easily. The feel of it was shiveringly exciting as her vulva stretched to accommodate the shaft. There was no time to think. The slithering movement brought her instantly to another powerful orgasm.

Rhona gave her a friendly pat, stepping back to watch the girl's wriggling contortions, which rapidly calmed as the spit advanced and held her more firmly in position. She grinned. Karen was going to make a great spitroast, just as she had planned. The other girls had done well to make things a little easier for the first few girls of the day.

Karen felt it rising towards her throat. It was in her mouth, and then way beyond. It filled her, so it belonged to her. It pierced her, so she belonged to it, but how it really felt was something more like a whole made out of both of them. A spitroast, she thought.

Her thoughts turned to Rhona. She was a cruel and wicked girl, but maybe she was right. One day her luck would change. It always did. Perhaps all she had done was tip the balance towards what Karen really wanted anyway. She felt hugely satisfied. She had never imagined this in her wildest dreams. With her arms and legs secured to the spit the girls were wheeling the spitroast trolley towards the roasting pits. It felt so perfectly right. She would have lots of attention from the girls while she roasted, and then she would be their campfire meal.

The slightest bump moved her a little on the spit and every time it brought a flash of pleasure. By the time they reached the fire pit she had enjoyed two more wonderful orgasms.

'Hello Karen!' Miss Templeton said brightly. 'I'm so pleased that you have entered into the spirit of our practical adventure session. The rest of the group will practise their basting skills on you for the rest of the afternoon. I'm sure you will make a fine roast for the camp dinner tonight.'

Karen was glad it was, shall we say, impractical to respond to this blinding piece of brilliance.

THE END



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Spitman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





