BDSM Library - Teresa's Torture - The Epilogue!




Teresa's Torture - The Epilogue!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bobby discovers there's a sequel to his Stepmum's notorious underground BDSM sex film!







"Teresa's Torture - Epilogue!"

Some time after I finally saw the film in 2001, the infamous film of my Stepmum's prostitution to an exclusive BDSM circle to save us from debt and bankruptcy, I visited a sex shop in a big city in the South.

Minding my own business, perusing the goods, I was surprised to hear a customer ask the staff for the sequel to Teresa's Torture! Initially I thought somebody had recognised who I was and was taking the mickey. No, they were serious. Looking toward the counter, two women were there, asking the guy for it. They were mature, strict and severe looking types, the sort who might be headmitresses or in jobs in charge of other people, with a younger, brassy looking girl with them, who must have been in her mid twenties.

He said they did have it, but there was only one copy left, and it was only sold to certain people. He added that if they were the right people, they would know why, and what the word was. The women all smiled knowingly, and one of them whispered something I couldn't catch into the guy's ear. He smiled too, and took them into the back, leaving the shop to his assistant.

I knew there was a back alley with a window that looked in to that area of the shop. It was dark now, and I went with my heart thumping into the alley. The blinds were left open and I hid behind the tree next to the window. Being only Autumn and still temperate, it was warm enough for them to have left a top pane open to the air. I was able to see and hear what went on, although whether I was lucky to be able to, is perhaps open to your opinion.

In the store room was a DVD player and TV. He previewed the film for the three women. To my own intense feelings of horror and disgust mingled with compelling curiosity and shameful sexual arousal, I witnessed the sight of Teresa's sequel sex film. There was indeed no mistake. It starred Mum! 

I couldn't see everything he showed, but I saqw Mum come up on screen, topless, with strange decorations around her nipples, saying something to the camera. He flicked to other scenes.

She was in some kind of medical chair in the next scene, naked, strapped in with her legs up and spread, locked in the stirrups.&nbsp; What seemed to be electrodes were clamped to her red distended titties, and Mum was having her clitoris mechanically extended by a device I cannot accurately describe. Around her stood three women I was shaken to the core to recognise. They were a nurse, whom I'd known as Nurse Foxley, a female doctor who always dressed as a punk whom I'd known as Dr Heinlein, and a particularly hard, bossy and donineering hospital Sister I'd known as Sister Sue. I had known these women many years ago, they were staff at a day hospital I had attended during treatment for bad depression as a young college age man. If I was to date the film, I would say late Eighties, as they all looked as they had then. Not long after the original Teresa's Torture had been made.

Nurse Foxley was holding Mum's buttocks wide open with rubber gloved hands, exposing her arse shamelessly. Dr Heinlein was poking a dark nasty looking probe of some kind into Teresa's brown bum hole. This seemed to be wired in to the same control box as the electrodes on her tits. Sister Sue was tickling and teasing at Teresa's hairy unshaven cunt with her own gloved fingers, inserting a finger often, while looking coldly into her victim's eyes. As the punk dominatrix lasciviously gyrated the electrified probe into her helpless arsehole, Mum groaned a loud, disgusted but strangely passionate sounding "WWWOOOOAAARRRGH!" 

My flesh crawled at this sight, and I shuddered uncontrollably. It was horrible. Yet, how my dick throbbed in spite of me, pulsating in tormented arousal. 

In the sex shop's back room, the cheeky looking girl clapped her hands in delight, exclaiming "Whooooo!" The older women laughed quietly in sadistic satisfation at my Mum's plight. 

He flicked the film a bit futher on. Now Sister Sue was pulling little clumps of Teresa's pubic hair out with a pair of pliers, as Dr Heinlein administered shocks to Mum's tits, fanny and arsehole. She was jerking, tensing her naked body up and trembling, and giving loud howls of agony, with the electrodes on her most sensitive parts. The probe trembled, protruding from her bum. Sister Sue's severely styled helmet of hair remained motionless as if cut from granite, as her crabbed up, cruel, pinched in features showed little emotion except her hard sadistic mouth pursing as she twisted the pliers and yanked another tuft of Teresa's pubes from her tortured private parts.

I knew I had to see this sequel for myself, as I watched the women go from the room,&nbsp; with my heart and mind in the discreet brown paper bag that they carried away with them! 

The sequel will follow if people show an interest!





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  cuckoldbob


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





