BDSM Library - Coffee and Dessert




Coffee and Dessert
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Part 1: You abuse her as pre-lactation pain sets in.   Part 2: Dinner, coffee and Dessert






M+F+f+/f Humilitation, lactation, food

Preparation

You spent months, carefully administering the hormones, monitoring my diet, and You sucked on my breasts at least twice a day, sometimes more. i had to use a pump to make up for the rest of the eight, of course. You were always so careful and attentive about it all, making me describe, in full detail, everything i felt each day. Quietly reveling in each discomfort You caused me by making me do this, serenely pleased by the pleasures i gained from it.

Those sessions each day, where i cradled Your head to my breast so You can suck, i love those most of all. To have You, my Master, sucking away at me, cradled in my arms... short periods of true ecstasy. On days where i had been good, during our last suckling as i sat up in bed, You would let me fondle Your beautiful rod as You sucked. One hand on Your shaft and Your wonderful orbs, gently enjoying the feel of You, the other cradling Your beautiful head to my breast.

After some weeks, finally, the pain begins. It started at the edges of my breast, near my arm. i tell You, of course. You smile that smile, the one You get as You enjoy seeing tears run down my face. You knew this would come, of course, have been waiting for it. i know You'd looked everything up, know what You can do that would and wouldn't damage. i see that smile and know what You want, You don't even have to give the command. 

i look into Your eyes, relax my face so that every flicker of emotion will come through, and raise my hands up behind my head. Your hands, those wonderful, pain giving, pleasure giving hands, reach up to my side and push. i gasp at the pain, my mouth coming slightly open and my breasts slightly forward. The pain isn't great, nothing like what You give me when You felt like dishing out real pain.... or if i ask You to hurt me. But, it is different. A new type of pain, something i have not experienced before. The pain without the pressure had a pleasantness to it, for it was part of womanhood, and i embraced it. This was different, not part of what a woman would feel, not part of the whip with which You own me, and i find i don't like it.

i do not move away from Your hands, just moan as You push and prod. my displeasure shows on my face, i make no attempt to hide it. You hate that. Some think a 'good slave' will push herself to enjoy anything a Master tells her to do, and she should... but only if You tell her to. You explained it once to me; You own me, everything i feel, and -whether i like or dislike something- You own that feeling to, and it is Your right to know what that feeling is. 

It is also Your right to decide if You wish to keep doing what i don't like, to persist in Your pleasure regardless of what Your property wants, or to re-work my mind so that i do like it. i am, actually, forbidden to bring myself to like something without orders, and there are some of Your pleasures i truly do not enjoy.

Not that You use those for punishment. No, that is just to remind us both who owns my body, who controls it.

You see that i do not enjoy the pain You are giving me, i can see it in that wicked light that comes into Your eye. You have found the most sensitive spots by now, "You don't like this one, do you slut?" i shake my head, mouth held open with arousal. i may not like this pain, but that gleam in Your eye is already moistening me. 

You dig Your fingertips deeply into the sorest spots. i cry out slightly, my eyes close, but i stay still. my eyes open, and see that wicked gleam stronger in You, and the cunt You own begins to drip. i thrust Your breasts out slightly for You, "Your slave does not like this, master, but it begs you not...uhu...to stop...nugh...hurt it, hurt me, Sir. Own these changes to this cunt's body....ahhh...owww...make them Yours, Sir."

You say nothing else, just push and poke for a while, then grasp a nipple and drag me to my feet. Your hand comes down, open, on the left breast, and i feel the sting flow straight down to my now dripping cunt. It was the familiar pain, how it always felt when You did this. i wait for You to ask, but You don't have to. One look in my eyes and You know.

You stick a finger in my cunt, and use that to pull me along to the bedroom. W/we get there and You let me undress You, then grab my hair and pull me into a sitting position on the bed, lay yourself down, and began to suckle. As You suckle on my tits You look at me and wink. That is O/our signal, and my aching hand goes immediately to Your wonderful penis. It is gloriously, beautifully rock-hard, and i began to massage it gently, run my hands up and down its familiar contours.

It isn't long, no more in length than that of most men, but it is huge. If i wrap my hand around it, i can only just make my long finger and thumb touch. Your hand comes up to the side of my breast, then, and i look down. Your eyes are open, staring into mine. i know what You will next do, and reflexively brace for it, but force Your slave's body to relax, to prepare to accept the full brunt of what You would give me. It only takes a moment, and You nod, then dig into the sore spots again. It hurts, all the more with You suckling on me, but i take it, and keep lightly massaging Your beautiful rod and wonderful balls, giving You pleasure as You hurt me. It is marvelous.

We stay there in bed for far longer than the normal twenty minutes. i gently massaging You, You suckling on me, while alternately caressing me and hurting me. i am careful in how i pleasure You, not bringing You to greater arousal, just giving You a little stimulating pleasure.

At length You detached from my breast. i know You have become completely aroused, and i was as well. The smell of my dripping cunt fills the room, and Your wonderful shaft pulsates with Your desire. You move swiftly but without haste, grab my ankle, brace, pull. i am slid across the bed, You grab a fistful of hair and haul me to a prone position on my back. You reached between my legs, get Your hand wet, begin to smear that on my breasts while holding the other hand for me to spit in. i do. You smear that on my breasts, repeating the whole process several times.
Once my breasts are lubed enough for You, You straddled me. i push my breasts together for You, lift my head, open my mouth as wide as i can as close to them as i can get. Your fist twines into my hair, and holds my head there, "You have pleased me, my worthless little cunt. you may wear your Master's cum to sleep in tonight."

With that You put Your hands on mine, push my palms into the sore spots. i know what You want, and push my hands in harder there, my eyes to Yours. That predator's smile comes across Your face as You hear my gasp. That grin comes in through my eyes and sends a wave of pleasure rolling down my body, down to my toes, and back up. Your hand still holds my hair up, but i manage to tilt my head slightly so i can smile sweetly as i hurt myself for You.

With that You begin to thrust, hard and fast from the beginning. When the crevasse between those sore breasts goes dry You shove Yourself into my mouth for lube. It doesn't take long, You were already close anyway, and soon Your tip pushes from between my breasts and Your warm seed sprays across my face.

You cry out as You release Your pleasure. i can feel You; the waves of Your pleasure pulsing through Your shaft between my breasts. my cunt, Yours, aches for your hand, i am almost squirting already. You look down at me as Your wonderful cum dribbles down my face. my whole body is on fire, if it were possible for me to cum without your command i would have several times already. But the command does not come. 

Your eyes drill into mine, as my whole body vibrates with the need for release. Sometimes You like to hear me beg. i open my mouth slightly, some of your delicious cum falls on the tip of my tongue...so sweet. i beg with my eyes, but the words die in my throat with the slightest shake of Your head. Not this night. It is then that i realize what You have planned for this night, to visit this cruelty on me, and my pussy gushes, even knowing it won't be allowed release. BECAUSE i know i won't be allowed release.

You can smell the pussy intensify, realize i have understood. i look deep into your eyes, "Thank you, Sir, for abusing and denying me. For planning out to hurt this worthless cunt, and carrying it out."

i feel your wonderful rod harden again between my breasts. i push savagely upon them, and feel You harden even more as You realize how i hurt myself for You. 

You fuck my tits again. It is even faster this time, i can feel You approaching a glorious crecendo. Your hand grips my hair even more tightly and, this time, that beautiful tip of your manhood shoves past my lips and your essence pours into my mouth.

i love to drink You, this You know. i look into your eyes, trying to say thank you. You finish spraying, but hold position. i smile around Your penis, bring a hand up to it, gently push a finger into the groove and push, getting the last of Your cum. You pull out of my mouth. "Thank you master...thank you. Thank you for feeding your worthless slave with You, and thank You for letting it milk out the last drops."

You smile at that, a warm smile... a satisfied smile. That smile glows like the sun, warms me, makes me whole. You lie back on the bed, Your manhood now flaccid. i lie up onto my side, running my hand up and down the contours of your body for a few moments. Only a few, though. Every cell in my body aches for release, but i know i can't have it, not tonight...and there is one more thing to do. 

i crawl out of the bed, kneel beside it, "Master, your slave begs to be allowed into Your bed, to sleep with You and be ready for whatever use You may have for it. May it join You on the bed this night?"

Your head rolls to look at me, and you smile. W/we know the answer, You promised me something this night, but i still must ask to join You in the bed. A hand grips my hair in answer, and You haul me onto the bed, haul my head down between your legs. Your musky scent, mingled with the smell of my pussy, fills my nostrils as i open my mouth to let in your wonderful, now half-softened shaft. 

Soon i will begin to lactate, and You will find out how much i produce each day. When it is enough, W/we will have some special friends over for dinner and coffee....and....you have promised me more, but haven't told me what.

You stroke my sides as i lay there with my favorite soother in my mouth; With&nbsp; my pussy burning like an unquenched fire; Dripping like a leaking faucet, W/we drift off to sleep.













Setting the Centerpiece

The day has finally arrived, and i am nervous, horny, hopeful, fearful, and totally subsumed, already, in what is to come. You have invited several Masters, and invited them to bring their slave girls, of course, to dinner. i think there are a couple of Mistresses as well, though I am unsure as to the genders of their slaves. Rules for the evening are simple enough. Slaves do not get clothes once they are in the house, and will be expected to serve the dinner. 

A couple of Your friends loaned you their slaves for the afternoon, and i have been busy with them in the kitchen getting dinner ready. They have been allowed to eat. i haven't eaten since lunch yesterday. The kitchen which looks on to the dining room....with the table...and the stand upon the turntable...and the contraption up on that turntable...i shudder in longing and fear every time i look at it. 

Each shudder hurts my overly milk-ladden udders, of course. Once i began to lactate, shortly after that wonderful night when the pain began, You ordered me to milk myself several times a day. You even preformed some of the milking yourself...sometimes without the pump.

i feel my nipples grow hard and stop myself from that line of thought, i have more food to prepare. Still, my mind wanders back to the last several weeks. You demanded me milked a little more each day, and gave me small doses of hormones or herbal remedies when the increase in my production slowed. Then, yesterday, you ordered me to stop milking. 

my breasts had already changed cup sizes several times, and now milk tries to come out of them any time i moved too fast. It hurts, it feels wonderful, it feels horrible...it is distracting me. i try to revel in the pain and prepare the meal at the same time.

Dinner is finally ready. You put a finger inside me, pull me to the kitchen table, and guide me as i step onto a chair then the table. The table is large, round, reinforced and specially designed. There is a turntable in the middle just big enough for me to squat and then lean back and put my hands down. Not that such a position would be comfortable. Not that my comfort matters this night.

The table is a bit larger around than the turntable. Big enough for place settings, but small enough that those sitting down can reach whatever...whoever...is in the middle. The turntable has a wooden post coming up from one side. The post has a v-shaped 'seat' at the level of my ass if I am squatting down. The 'seat' comes under each butt cheek when I squat, but has a sharp V shape which keeps it from touching my pussy. 

i squat down on the seat. my knees come up level with my breasts. A sharp look from You and i quickly open my knees, smiling nervously and bowing in obedience. There is a hinge in the post which can allow me to lean back, but You currently have something in place preventing that hinge from moving and keeps that section of post straight up. The post goes up from there, has another hinge that currently goes towards me, a spot where it flares out a bit and has a cushion, and then has a clasp on the end.

Back at the bottom of the post, just a little above the seat, are rings and clasps. You put my hands behind me and secure my cuffs to those rings. 

The turntable itself has a great many holes. You snap and point, and one of the other slaves gets under the table to help You thread a chain down from each ankle cuff, under the turn-table, over the front of the foot, back through the turntable, and up to the ankle cuff, securely locking my feet into position.

The slave under the table tries to crawl out, but you kick her (not hard enough to leave a mark) back into place. You placed cuffs just above my knees, and you run a chain from each of these under the table, and the slave dutifully passes them back up. With these short chains attached my legs are held open wide.

You take two more short lengths of chain, attach them to my labia rings, and pass them through the table, instructing the slave beneath to attach them together once my pussy lips are stretched enough for you.

You turn the table till i am facing away from you, push me slightly forward, and let the upper part of the post lie on my back. The turntable moves again till i am 90 degrees from you and you grab my hair, pull me further forward, attach the top of the post to my collar, then lock the hinge which is part way up the post in place.

To describe the resulting position as obscene would give the term new definition. i am in a squatting position, the chains on my labia and the now-rigid post attached to my collar prevent me for rising. my knees are spread to the point that it is uncomfortable but not painful, my body is forced to lean forward with my back straight and tits jutted out. my head is just past my knees. You take my hair, which the other slaves braided earlier, and secure it to the post so that my head stays up, and out of the way of my tits. 

 You motion for the slave under the table to join the others, then tell them to set the table. You pull out one final piece of rope as they set the places. You turn me away from you, then you loop the rope around my elbows, and pull them closer together in order to force my tits to push out more.

Once you tie the rope off to rings in the post you step out of the way of the slaves who are putting the cold parts of the meal on the turntable around me. 

The table is soon set. You reward the other slaves with five swats to the pussy each, so as not to leave marks on their asses. They hold themselves open for you and count gladly. One of them asks for permission to cum on the fourth one, but you deny her. Allowing them to cum wasn't part of the deal you made with their masters.

After administering the rewards You fasten their wrists to their ankles and leave them on the couch, to await the pleasure of their Masters. You then busy yourself playing games while waiting for your guests to arise, leaving me secured on the table.










Coffee and Dinner

It doesn't take long before the first of the Masters arrive. His slave is wearing a trench coat, which she drops (at his gesture) as soon as she is in the door. You offer him a drink, and then tell his slave where to find what he asks for. 

The other guests arrive soon, the ones who loaned you their slaves going to the couch and freeing (at the least) their feet. When everyone is assembled You ask everyone to sit at the table. Some of the Masters allow their slaves seats, others point to the floor. Several reach out to stroke me, after briefly glancing to get your Ok. One tweaks the chains on my pussy slightly and i moan in pain and pleasure.

i am blushing, a blush that goes down to my toes. i have never been exposed like this to people. It turns me on, makes me ashamed, makes me hot, all at once. One of the Mistresses runs her finger inside my labia, brings it back and licks it, glances at me and smiles, "Mmmm.... not a bad taste on this one, if I say so myself."

The turntable rotates, and a Master is in front of me. He reaches up to fondle one of my tits, and a few drops of milk squirt out. He makes a small, startled sound and looks at you in surprise just as one of the attending slaves comes in with a tray full of coffee.

You speak, "My friends, thank you for joining me tonight for dinner. I have some real treats for us tonight, starting with the coffee. You will notice that while there is sugar and sweetener on the tray, there is no milk. You see, my slave here isn't just a centerpiece for our meal, she is part of it. If you wish milk for your coffee or tea, please feel free to take it from her breasts. Be as hard as you want in taking it, as well."

i try to hang my head, but cannot. A single tear of shame trickles down my cheek. One of the Mistresses sees it and smiles. She looks at you and points to the tear, licking her lips. You nod, and she stands up to lick the tear from my cheek. She then grabs my braid and kisses me. No, that isn't quite the right term. She shoves her lips against mine and uses my mouth with her tongue.

i don't like girls, but tonight is obviously about You and Your guests. i do my best to answer correctly, "Thank you, Mistress, for enjoying this slave's humiliation, and using her mouth." 

She slaps me lightly, plants a kiss on my forehead. "You are welcome, such a good little slut."

She then goes back to sit down, and i see that her boy-slave has been instructed to keep his hand on her seat. She sits, and his finger is directly on her clit. he is not moving his finger, simply resting it there. She sees my gaze and wiggles her eyebrows at me, then grabs a cup of coffee, brings it close enough to my breast to be painfully warm, then pinches and pulls on the nipple.

A small stream of milk comes out. "Thank you, Mistress, for taking and using the product of this slave's breasts."

She gives an evil-sounding giggle, and gets several more squirts of milk before reaching down and turning the turntable so i face the Master sitting next to her. 

He eyes my over-full breasts appreciatively, gets a cup, and begins to milk me himself. A cold touch inside my labia makes me try to jump. The master on the other side of me is using the back of his spoon to touch me inside my pussy. The cold metal is gone, and i hear his voice, "You're right. The toy does taste pretty good. Can't wait to try the milk."

i thought my blush couldn't go any deeper, but it does. my face has to be crimson by now, i can feel the blush all the way down in my feet. i stammer out a thank you to both of the masters, looking the one in front of me in the eye and doing my best to smile sweetly.

Each Master and Mistress makes a cup of coffee, some allow it to their slaves. None have been gentle about milking me, including You. my face is hot with shame, pulsing, and my hurting nipples pulse in time with my blush. i thank each master after he milks me, and say something to my sister slaves about offering my milk to them. And, of course, my pussy has grown ever more moist. At least my breasts are not painfully over-full. i want to look down, see if they look as deflated as they feel, but my head is held much too ridged.

The rest of the food is placed around me, i can feel heat coming off the cooked items. Those seated at the table begin to eat, some of the Tops who sat their slaves on the floor feed them, some don't. i am occasionally caressed by a Master or Mistress, or smacked with a serving spoon. The spoons leave hot or cold food bits on me. Occasionally someone will lick the food off.&nbsp; i do my best to express appreciation when i am smacked or carressed, or eaten off of. i am turned constantly, since the food is all on the turntable. As i am turned Your guests continue to milk me for various reasons, openly and brazenly admire my body, or to use a spoon to get a taste of me as the Mistress did. 

One of the Masters begins to stick a fork with meat on it down between my legs, but you stop him. "No, lets not do that. Leave the pussy for later."

i gulp. Later? i pretty much knew what you planned for the milk, but this worries me. The spike of worry nearly makes my pussy gush.










The position i am held in is getting more and more painful, but i know better than to protest. The pain begins to set in, and my breathing, at times, comes in gasps.&nbsp; After everyone who is eating has had their fill, you stand up. "A toast, my friends. To good food, good company, good slaves, and a fine centerpiece!" A chorus of cheers goes around the table, and i feel both deeply proud and deeply ashamed. And very very wet. 

You continue to speak, "Now, I do believe, it is time for dessert, and I have a special treat for all of you, another treat where our centerpiece will be part of our meal." The slaves who are helping serve leave, and quickly come in bearing the fritters (small fried dough balls), and bowls of powdered sugar. i am confused how i am supposed to have anything to do with these ingredients, but stay quiet.

As the other slaves bring in the fritters you direct one to go under the table and undo the chain holding my labia outstretched. she obeys promptly, and then you turn me to face sideways from you. i feel you do something to the post, and suddenly my upper body can move. Then my collar is detached from the post. i groan, the movement is a relief, though painful in some places. my lower back sings in pain and relief, as do my knees. Then blood begins to rush in, with tingling and pain. 

You grab my braid and pull me backward without a glance. i gasp, the sudden movement bringing further pain to half-cramped muscles. The hinge on just above the seat is now free, and i am suddenly lying on my back. my hands and feet are still bound in the same place, my ass cheeks are still on the seat, but now i am leaned back with my pussy pointed directly at whichever guest is in front of me. The widened spot on the post&nbsp; is now behind my head, and i feel the small cushion there. i did not think i could be any more heavily humiliated, but i am. i happen to be pointed at the Mistress with the female slave. She looks at me and gives me a half smile, then leans forward to take a strong smell of my pussy. 

my cunt pulses with need, and i have to fight to keep from pushing against my&nbsp; bonds to make contact with those lips. Even a woman's lips, now... anything to get some touch there.

The touch comes soon enough, though. The Mistress backs away and i am turned to where my soaking cunt faces you. i smile, glad to have Your gaze on me, but You are too busy to notice. Your pre-occupation stings, but i know this is my place...i am just your toy. You take the chains that are attached to my labia piercings and attach them to the ropes around my knees. my pussy now sits wide open, practically staring at everyone.

i am beyond blushing as the cool air plays on my most sensitive skin. Waves of erotic joy, humiliation, gratitude, embarassement, even fear, wash over me, and i am lost in them once again.

You free up the hinge just below the spot for my head, tilt my head back till i am looking at the celing , lock that hinge down again, and secure my braid, again, so that my head can't move.
i can hear plates being put down on the table as You step back and explain, "So, for dessert we have fritters, my friends. The little dough balls are somewhat sweet, and rolled in the powdered sugar to make them even sweeter. The thing is, the powdered sugar won't stick to those dough balls so well when they are dry, so I invite you to use the dripping pussy you see before you to wet them, then roll 'em in the sugar. "

A wave of heat starts at my head and i can feel it flush to my toes. i am dessert! or at least a component of it. You have just invited everyone here to use my juices as part of their dessert, i'm nothing but food....the humiliation makes me buck once, a little, in the restraints. You give my breasts perfunctory backhanded slap, but otherwise appear not to notice. my pussy feels like it is on fire, and like it will start dripping at any moment.
 
You continue to speak, "Of course, you may want to try a little sugar on a fritter first, see how it is, then get the thing wet, feel free. That cunt is probably going to get rather sugary. We know that is bad and can lead to problems, so I also invite you all to, once some sugar gets on there, lean up and clean the slut's cunt. It will probably be needed.

Also, if you want to have my slave pleasure your girls, or either of you Ladies wish to try out her tongue, go right ahead. I'm sure we'd all love to see that lovely face straddled."

It is a near thing, i almost bucked again. i don't like&nbsp; girls, and You know this, but tonight is about entertaining You and Your guests. Appreciative murmurs are heard from your guests, and giggles from their toys as i am turned again. It makes me all the more wet, i keep thinking my pussy is going to begin to actually drip. You slap my tits a couple of times 'to moisten her up'; as if that was necessary. 

It works, though. i swear i'll start to really drip any minute now. i make my voice as meek and appreciative as i can. "Thank you, sir, for helping your slave better serve your guests."

You turn me to where my cunt faces you, and i feel it. One of those little fritters against my cunt lips, sliding around, pushing slightly into me. It is scratchy, a little painful. i moan. everyone laughs. Someone, i think one of the mistresses, slaps my ass. 

Everyone is quiet, expectant. i can't see you rolling the fritter in the sugar. but i hear you take a bite. "Well, my little slave, you certainly do taste good with sugar!". More laughter, some slaps and pinches, then i am being turned. 
After the laughter stops i answer, "Thank You Sir, for feeding from your slave, and using her, and enjoying her body.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:        ToOwn1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





