BDSM Library - Purchased




Purchased
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  You inspect me for purchase....






The friend, well, aquaintence, who set this whole thing up is allowing me to pace a little, so that blood keeps flowing and i don't have problems with my knees locking up. She will not let me sit down, however, Your instructions were that i be unmarked or You would not buy.
What i will be sold for i do not know, You refused to do any negotiation till You'd seen the merchandise. i am naked, of course. Long black hair half to my waist, 5'9", 150lbs, broad shoulders, generous hips, all muscle and bone. Other than my generous tits i have almost no fat on me. i have spent the last three months working out hard to make sure that was the case.
i pace slowly, nervous yet feeling relieved. The day is finally here, and i will be bought or not. C has checked You out, assured me You are what i need, a man who will own me utterly. 
A knock at the door and i hurry to the middle of the room. i stand on a hard wood floor, facing the wall, feet shoulder width apart, hands hanging at my sides. Eight feet to the left of the spot my gaze is fixed upon is the door to C's apartment. To the left of that is a carpeted living room with a couch and TV.
C is a shapely girl in her own right. She is a little smaller than me, a touch shorter too, and not as athletic in build. I know She would rather own me than sell me, but She and i both know i need a man's abuse. She wears a skin-tight, single piece miniskirt and strapless top combination, buttoned up the back. i know how tight it is, She made me help her into it...in order to help me get down into subspace. (or so she said)
C saunters to the door, opens it, and i see you for the first time. You are everything i could hope for physically. Height, build, obviously enough muscle to manhandle me any time You wish. C wraps her arms around You and pulls your head down, kisses you thoroughly. 

You come in and C looks at me, my eyes meet hers, and her lips go thin with anger. i try not to blush as i jerk my eyes back to their appointed place on the wall. i can still see, however, out of the corner of my eye, that You have not noticed my early lapse.

You finally look at me, but only briefly, and turn to speak to C, "So, that is it? What you want me to purchase? That hopeless thing?" There is a touch of scorn in Your voice, but not much. 
C's smile shines clear in her voice, "Oh, come now, dearie, it may not be flawless, but should be worth *something* to you. Now, enough of that for the moment. I..."
With that she steers You to the couch, and pours both of you a glass of the scotch she had prepared. The two of you sit and chat about little things, laugh, tell jokes, all as if i were not standing less than fifteen feet from you. i want to cry to have You inspect me, even reject me, but not ignore me.
After an eternity, and at least one refill, i finally hear your glass hit the table, "Well, as much fun as this is, there is company coming to my place this evening, and I would like to get a good inspection of your merchandise. No, don't start that, darlin'. We'll start dickering over price after the inspection."

i could hear You take the few steps across the hardwood floor, could hear C settle onto the arm rest of the couch to watch. My imagination put the glass of scotch still in her hand. i had been surprised that She had not fucked me 2 days ago, when i knelt before her and submitted. She wanted it, i know she did, has wanted it since W/we met. She explained, however, that i wasn't really her property, since She had no option to keep me, and She did not like to fuck something that belonged to someone else without permission from its owner. i could tell she'd been sorely tempted, though.

You start with the traditional slow walk around me, eyes raking up and down my body, a look of quiet contemplation on Your face. my eyes stay focused on the wall in front of me, i have not been given permission to see my prospective Owner. You come out from behind me and i can see, out of the corner of your eye, a compentaplative look on Your lovely face as you speak, "You want me to actually give you something for this? Really? I should be asking you to pay me to take it." 

C laughs briefly, "I know, honey, I know. But, you wanted something on a rather tight timetable, and this is the best I could come up with. As sad as that hunk of meat is, I doubt you'll be able to find better soon.

You shake Your head, and bring Your hand up to my face. No kindness in the gesture, it is obviously a test of the softness of my skin. Your touch blossoms through me, and i lose myself in it for a moment, my eyes dart to Yours. i manage to save myself from meeting Your eyes, and move them to Your chin.

Your hand moves swiftly, and You backhand me across the face: not hard, just enough to feel the impact, your voice is soft, the tone more casual than correction as you order 
"eyes front".

i blush deeply, down at least to my now painfully firm nipples. The casualness of the slap and the reproof far more embarrassing than anything else could have been. C giggles slightly and my minds eye imagines a sadistic little grin and her leg bouncing slightly on the edge of the couch. i can feel moisture collect at my sex.

Her giggle deepens the blush, and it goes down to my navel. You speak again, "well, at least it has an amusing blush response." my left nipple is then between your fingers, and twisted more than all the way around. i gasp briefly, but manage to keep eyes front and body still. "Hmm. that's acceptable I guess. Responds to the pain, but has the discipline to keep itself still." 

You pinch tighter, Your hands...those wonderful hands...are like a vice. The pain becomes overwhelming, my whole being focused on that one point of my body. i concentrate on staying still for You. i breath in gasps, a tear rolls down my cheek. You suddenly release my nipple and i gasp again, but stay still. "It can take correction, at least, even if it is too stupid not to eyeball a prospective buyer without permission."

C answers You, "This one came without any assurance of training, luv. It is willing, but you will have to teach it. I know you'd rather have something fully trained, but, like I said, such things are hard to find."

You nod, then shake Your head. "At least it can follow instructions enough to shave legs but not pussy. I'm assuming you prepared it properly?"

C answers: "Of course. Finished the enema ten minutes before arrival, and it has been on liquids-only since it got here 2 days ago."

Your hand grabs a fist full of my hair, and suddenly your lips are on mine, your tounge forcing into my mouth. i put all the passion I can into the kiss. You allow this for a moment, then stop moving. i take my cue, and stop as well. Your tounge probes my mouth for a few moments, then You back away. 

You harumph softly, then Your hand is on my chin, lifting my head up and to one side, then the other. You lift my head to where I am facing straight up then release. i stand there, staring at the celing for a moment, then your hand strokes, starting at my chin and going down my neck. The touch is soft, but probing. i shiver, and my cunt grows even more moist.

You grab my chin again and bring my head down. i am careful to focus my eyes back on the wall. Your thumb pulls the lip up on one side of my mouth, then down, then repeated for the other side. "Her teeth are good, at least there is that."

C answers: "There is a bridge on the top, one of the canines, but it should be fine."

You harumph, push one nostril closed for a moment, then the other. Then comes that same casual tone, "wrists". I stand in confusion for a moment, and you move like a viper. One hand delivers another almost-stinging casual backhand across my face, the other locks my arm in a vice-like grip, with fingernails digging into my flesh as you pull my that arm up to examine my hand and wrist. "she has bones, at least. I hate having to worry about breaking one of these things, takes some of the amusement out."

You drop that hand and i let it fall, then you speak again, "other wrist" with the same casual tone. I bring the hand up quickly, and you repeat the inspection. Then another word, "elbow". i bring the other elbow up quickly and turn it to you. 

"Elbows look a touch dry. not a deal breaker, but I'll expect a little off the price." my blush deepens, i can feel my skin turning flamming colors. It has truly happened and i am no more than a piece of meat to be haggled over. my pussy begins to drip.

You release that hand and say again, "elbow". i bring that one up rapidly. You sniff it this time, run Your finger on it, then drop it. You then grab one of my breasts and lift it slightly, as if testing its weight. They are slightly more than a handful for You, and You have big hands. The kind of hands i love to feel squeezing those breasts until i fear they will pop. You bounce one breast a few times, let it fall, then do the other. i can see you nod quietly. 

You move forward, close enough i can hear Your breathing. You reach around me, move my hair out of the way, lean in and take a long smell of the nape of my neck. You move back as you speak. "Well, it smells nice enough at least. Glad you didn't try to scent it or something."

C moves some on the couch before answering. "Of course I didn't dear. I wanted to give you the best I could."

You nod again, and look down at my feet. Your tone goes back to that casual voice, "Knees". I bring one knee up for your inspection as quickly as I can, and for the first time you hit me with force. An audible slapping sound as your hand drives my knee back down. This time there is some irritation in your voice, "I didn't say 'Knee' you stupid cunt, I said 'Knee*S*'" With that you grab a handfull of my pubic hair and pull me sharply downward. The pain spikes up through me, and i am sure you can smell my pussy by now. 

You undo your pants, and pull out your penis. i am careful to keep my eyes fixed forward, but can guess that i will enjoy being used on it. i open my mouth for you, but C's voice stops you, "Wow, that is a mighty nice tool you have there! I mean, really. it's huge. I'm not sure I could even get my hand all the way around it. Ohhh...what I'd give for a ride on that thing...."
You chuckle softly, "Well, thank you sweetheart, nice of you to say" 
You then grab my hair, but C's voice stops you again, " Now hold on a minute, there. You are getting awfully thorough in that inspection. 
No, no, I don't object in principle, of course you need to check the merchandise, but I think I want a bit of a down payment before you do more. 
Now don't look at me like that, luv. If you go there and then decide not to buy, I will have to wait even longer to have it viewed again. That, and I want a taste of that juicy tool before that little cunt's slobber is all over it."

my humiliation deepens. my use bought with sexual favors... You chuckle again, "Well, I suppose that is reasonable. You're welcome to take a taste as a down payment." You stand still, and i hear C getting off the couch. Not quickly, but not slowly either. You do not move. She comes into my view, Your rod and her face right in front of mine. She opens her mouth, brings out her tongue, and licks up and down your shaft several times, looking me square in the eyes when she gets the chance and grinning. She then takes you, completly, into her mouth before backing off and standing up.

She licks her lips theatrically then speaks, "Well, tastes as good as it looks, I'd say. Go ahead and test it out as you need." 

The words are barely out of her mouth when your rod is abruptly shoved into mine. It feels as big as it looks...and is every bit as tasty as C claimed. my jaw is forced wide by the size of You as i fight my gag reflex. Then Your hand takes a fist full of my hair and You thrust with your hips while pulling on my head. i do my best to massage with my tongue as You hold me all the way down upon you and the back of my throat spasms against the intrusion. You hold me there, the delicious force of Your hand and the pain of pulled hair and the spasming of my throat and the burning of my lungs creating a symphony of sensation that threatens to overwhelm me. 
Then You are gone and i can breath again. Your hand remains in my hair, holding me up as i struggle to get air into protesting lungs. i only get a moments respite, though, for you then haul me to my feet. i cry out briefly as i am lifted off the ground by my hair, then quickly get my feet under me. Your hand stays in my hair just long enough to make sure i won't fall, then you let go. 

Your eyes are down again when you speak, "Left knee". i bring the requested knee up rapidly, somehow keeping my balance. You inspect the knee, then repeat for the right. Satisfied, you nudge at the inside of one foot, and i move my feet farther apart. You then go down to one knee, and your finger probes for the first time at my pussy. 

The touch sends a shiver up my spine, for it came without any warning, then another shiver for it feels different than any time i have ever been touched there. The touch is neither hard nor gentle...it is probing and methodical. You trace my labia, grab and pull slightly on them, then pull hard. The pain makes me gasp and flinch. The slap comes to my breast this time, again the back of your hand, again more perfunctory than anything. "Hold still, cunt." i nod.

i can see you motioning to C out of the corner of my eye as i stare at the wall. She comes over to you and you speak, still poking and prodding my neathers. "Could you get behind her and help her keep balance, please"

C must have nodded, because he moved to one side of me and you to the other. You grab my ankle on your side and lift it sideways., C puts her hands out to keep me steady. Your hands goes to my just above my knee, allowing it to bend so You can push the leg higher. i can feel Your eyes probing my sex. Your fingers, one, then two go in and explore. You move aside the hood of my clit and examine, rub, then push in with a finger nail. The pain makes me shiver and gasp, but i am to well held to move much. 

Pain blossoms through me as you bring a finger down, hard, upon my clit, and the world darkens slightly. i nearly cum. You chuckle, "The little bitch is reasonably responsive, I'll give you that". C just giggles.

When You are finished probing my sex you stand and let my leg down and stand in front of me. You make some sort of motion i can't see to C, and she moves behind me, puts her hands under my shoulders, pulls me back slightly while pushing her knee into my ass, which pushes my sex forward obscenely. 

You take a small step, put your hands own there again, then you are suddenly all the way inside me. i gasp and my eyes roll back in my head. i get no warning, no build up, just you in there. You are as huge as i had thought when You were in my mouth. You are sunk deep within me, but not moving. i open my eyes and You are staring impassivly at me. "Contract those cunt muscles, bitch. Show me what you can do. Give me a reason to buy."

i do my best, glad for the exercises i had been doing. i squeeze and do everything i can to milk your cock. i begin to try, from my awkward position, to ride you, but that earns another light slap. No words this time, but i know. i had only been told to use cunt muscles. 

After a few moments You grunt, then are out of me as suddenly as you were in. Your hand is then behind my neck, pushing me forward and down. i bend over double, and you move behind me to inspect my ass. You run Your finger across my rosebud, probe it slightly as i stare at your feet. Your fingers land hard upon my rosebud, and that bored voice comes again, "eyes front".

i jerk my eyes forward. You continue to probe, then speak, "Well, one of you knows how to clean an ass up, at least. Then a bottle opened, of some sort, and lubbed finger were on my hole. i gasped slightly, You hadn't bothered to warm the lube, not that You would have to for no more than me. 

i feel Your thumbs slide just a little way in, then begin to pull apart. i close my eyes, and concentrate everything on relaxing my sphincter. You open me up slowly, it takes a little while but you are finally satisified. It hurts, burns, but i close my eyes and endure. You speak, "Well, you cleaned it out well enough, I'll give you that. Good." 

Your hands shift on my ass, i hadn't even realized you'd knelt down. i could feel the pressure as You stood, though...and then moved forward...and then pushed Yourself into my opened hole. i cry out, totally not expecting this invasion. Reflex catches me for the briefest moment, and i try to move away, but stop, You still in me.

For the first time i speak, "This slave apoligizes for reflexivly moving, Sir. Please allow it to correct" You do not answer, just stand there. i slowly back myself up, until i can feel your pants on my ass cheeks, and your wonderful cock deeply invading my ass. i do not like it there, and i know You know that, but You are the -potential- master. 

You grab my hair and pull me upright, your cock still in my ass. It is terribly uncomfortable. i gasp, and can't hold still. Your hand is on my throat, not constricting, just holding. Strong hands. Hands capable of holding me down and doing anything they want with me. Intoxicating.

You whisper in my ear, "Now, use those ass muscles, cunt."

i comply, doing everything i can. Again, after a few moments, you seem satisified, and are suddenly out of me. Your hands leave me, and i feel empty, swaying slightly. You come around in front of me again, grab my hair, and move me to where i face your cock. There is a condom on it. "take it off"

my hands tremble slightly, and i am suddenly very glad for that enema. i remove the condom, keep my head bowed.&nbsp; "Go throw that in the trash, then come back here to kneel while I talk price with the broker."

"Yes sir. Thank you sir!" i move quickly to do as told.

You begin speaking as soon as i start to move, "I hope you don't expect any money for that piece of meet, luv. I mean, I know I gave you short notice, but I am not putting up good money for that."

"So, you are saying you won't take it, or expect it for free? I put a good deal of work into acquiring that, even as little as I found. Maybe we can work out some sort of deal."

By this time i have returned to kneel at Your feet, you speak to me, "close up my pants."

As i move to comply C has a hungry smile on her face, "Wait a second, there. As I said, I have an idea on how we can deal. That is a mighty nice tool you have there. I have been wanting a ride on it ever since you pulled it out. 

Tell you what. You give me a good, lengthy ride on that thing, and you can have the slave. I want&nbsp; to cum at least four times, though."

"Two, I don't know how long you take. You don't get to quit till I've had mine, too, though."

"Three, and you get yours, but I want to drink yours. That pre-cum tasted good, I want to know what the load is like."

You think a moment before responding. "Deal. So is the slave mine now, or after payment is completed?"

C smiles with mischief in her eyes, "I'll allow it on faith. The slave is yours provisionally until you finish payment. Now, are you going to undress me or do I have to do it?"

i swear i can HEAR you smile, "Neither. Slave, undress the nice woman. Slowly. Make sure she enjoys it. I expect your spit on her pussy before you are done."

i don't like women. You both know this, but i don't hesitate. These are the first orders from You as my true Master, and i am not about to err. 

i undress C slowly, sensously, kissing and licking all the way down. i get to her sex, it is musky, but clean. My tongue licks it, tangy flavor filling my mouth. You grab my head and shove me forward into her. She moans, and i work my tongue furiously. You let go, and i continue. 

She is finally undressed, and i find You are already naked. You lie on your back, and she straddles you. Your eyes meet mine. "Eyes Front".&nbsp; i snap my eyes forward and stare at the clock.

The two of you go at it hard. i watch minutes pass, one after another. i am so horny i could scream, but i sit still. C definatly gets more than the three that were agreed to. Half an hour passes, i am crying in frustration now. i finally hear you cry out, and glance to see your cock burried in C's face. 

She milks you, then sits up. i jerk my eyes back to the clock before being caught. C speaks, "Well, I'd say that is sufficient, hun. You bought yourself a slave."

You chuckle slightly. "Always a pleasure doing business with you. i think i am coming out a bit ahead in the deal, though. A bit too far ahead, really. I'm going to pay a little of what i just got back to you." You snap your fingers, i recognize the command and crawl over as quickly as i can. "Clean the nice lady's pussy and legs up. Don't stop until she cums. "

i get down on hands and knees, crawl over to her. She props herself up on her elbows, opens her legs wide, and grins with a wicked cast to her eye. Sweat beads on her legs. 

i balk, but You will have none of it. You grab a fist full of hair and drag my face down to her pussy. The smell of her, mingled with You, overwhelms me. i hate it. i love it. i writhe to get away, yet revel in it as you hold me down.

You speak with that soft command, "tongue out, cunt, lick the nice Lady's pussy clean. That's it." i begin to lick, to clean her, and this time your tone has a touch of approval in it, "Very good, little slave. I believe you should be rewarded." Your hand comes down hard on my ass. Very hard. i jump, startled at the unexpected pain, but your hand in my hair holds me in place.

"Not good, bitch, for you to try to come off your task because you are being rewarded. Now show me you are worth the fucking i just paid for you!" 

i go to work on the pussy with renewed vigor, lapping up every piece of juice i can. C has begun to throw her head back and moan. "You have her going now, slave. Keep it up, lets try rewarding you again." 

Your hand comes down on my ass again. i jump, but control my body to keep my lips firmly attached to C's. The pain is wonderful, and goes straight to my nipples. They become painfully hard. "Very good, little slave. Now remember, cunts who do well get rewarded." You slap my ass again. And again, and then several more times. The heat makes me so wet. Your hand tightens in my hair, then your other hand comes down directly on my pussy. 

i yelp, but stay still. The impact travels up my spine like eroctic electricity and explodes behind my eyes. i go to licking with more vigor, and open my legs for more.

You rub my clit a little, which has become so hard it feels like it could pass for a mini dick, then you hit my pussy again. i moan in pleasure and speak between licks, "More .... Please .... Sir"

You chuckle, "very well" You swat me again. and again, and again, and again. Each time my urgency builds, each time my body wants to explode. "May i cum Sir, please may i cum?"

"You may not, you piece of shit! Don't you dare cum! Not until the nice lady does. You will make her cum so hard she sprays, and you will drink every drop, or you will not come. Now get to it!"

i push into C's pussy, no longer caring about what i am doing. i need to come, need You to tell me to cum, nothing else matters as i flick her clit with my tongue. She begins to moan louder, then to scream. i can feel the first waves of orgasm hit her, and clamp my lips to hers and she gushes forth with female cum. i drink it all, take it all into my mouth.

As soon as she finishes Your mouth is suddenly at my ear, "You did that well, slut, I'm proud of you. You may cum."

Your words unleash a torrent which explodes outward from my pussy and consumes my whole body. i scream, "THANK YOU SIR" as the waves over take me, and i go into multiple orgasams. over and over again, i cum. laying there on the ground letting it wash over me. 

The orgasms finally subside. You and C have already dressed, You are wiping off my mouth. "Well done, slave. You played C's pussy like a well-trained whore. You may prove to be worth the ride I gave to pay for you after all. I'm taking you home now."

You pull me to a kneeling position, then lock a collar on me. It is the kind with a small key lock, but the collar is leather. Thick leather, with several D-rings. I hear a rustling sounds then your hand is in my hair again and i am drug a short distance then pushed to the floor. The surface is rough, and you begin to manhandle me.....into a duffle bag. 

i realize what it is as You zip it up, closing out the light. i listen to you thank C for her efforts, then You pick the bag up and go. i am tossed into the seat of the car, as casually as one might toss a ball.

You get in the car and start to drive with me, your slave in the back seat. i lay, humiliated, not even worth money to you, paid for by nothing but sex. my pussy....YOUR pussy, drips at the thought.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:        ToOwn1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





