BDSM Library - Daddy's Girl




Daddy's Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: she is bound to an examination table and blindfolded and fucked by so many men and women she loses track






As she lay naked, bound and blindfolded on the examination table, legs spread wide with her feet tied to the stirrups fear and excitement coursed through her veins for what was about to come. An involuntary shiver took her with an almost imperceptible shaking of her body. But her Master saw it and slapped her hard across the face, making her cry out, as he said "I told you not to move". "I'm sorry Daddy" she replied. With this exchange the muffled voices in the room ceased as they turned to see what might happen next. She could feel their eyes on her and she wondered for a moment if they wanted what they saw or if they saw her body, and judged it through her own insecure eyes. It didn't matter what they thought, she was nothing but a dirty slut whore and they were all there to fuck her. She felt a drip slide down from her pussy to her ass and wanted desperately to wipe the moisture away from their eyes. She didn't want them to know how much she wanted this. She wondered how many people were in the room? How many men, how many women? If there were too many would she be able to endure it all. Yes, she would because Daddy wanted her to, and nothing made her happier than pleasing her Daddy. The voices started up around her again, mostly polite conversation, which seemed odd to her considering what they were gathered there for. Daddy leaned down, pulling her hair and whispered in her ear "are you ready slut? We are about to begin..." "Yes please Daddy" was her response and he rewarded her by loosening his grip on her hair.

"OK everyone, you all know you're here to fuck this nasty little slut whore and it's time to get started" her Daddy announced to the room. "When you fuck her, I want you to fuck her hard and deep" he said. "John, are you ready? I said you could go first". "Oh, I'm ready" came an unknown voice that was very close to her spread legs. She lay still as instructed. In her next breath she was filled with John's cock. No foreplay, no running his finger down her slit to make sure she was ready. He just rammed it in and started sliding in and out at an impossibly fast pace. His cock was huge and made her feel like she was being torn open. "Tell him you want it" Daddy whispered in her ear. "I want your cock, please fuck me hard" she said to John who began to fuck her even harder. Daddy's hand reached down and started rubbing her clit. A moan escaped her lips as the pounding and clit stimulation were bringing her close to climax. Her moaning got louder as she asked "Daddy, may I please cum?" "Cum now slut" he said. She cried out and her body arched off the table as best it could in her bound state. She came hard, and as her pussy spasmed around his cock, John came too. He pulled out of her quickly, leaving her hole open and ready for the next person. Daddy must have pointed to the next person because it was only seconds before her cunt was filled again, ramming in and out of her wet pussy that was already on the brink of cumming again. Daddy pinched and twisted her nipples hard while the strange man fucked her. Minutes seemed like hours as she moaned her pleasure, finally asking "Daddy may I please cum again?" "Yes, you may cum now slut" and she did before the words were even out of his mouth. Her whole body was quaking with her orgasm, her cum dripping down over her asshole. In the middle of her orgasm the man pulled out, he was done with her. In seconds she was filled again, fucked hard and fast just like the first two times. She lost track of how many cocks and dildos had been inside her, of how many orgasms she had had. Her pussy was raw and sore but still it went on and she begged for more as her Daddy commanded her to do. Daddy would give her instructions of what to say. She said things like "Please fuck me harder" and "Use me like the dirty slut I am". She was to the point where another orgasm would be painful or impossible yet it didn't stop. There had to have been at least 20 people who had fucked her. Her clit was throbbing painfully and her pussy wouldn't stop spasming. Her nipples were hard and sore from her Daddy's attention. When she thought she could take no more and would have to be disobedient and beg her Daddy to make it stop, which was the very last thing she wanted to do, she realized that the last man had pulled out and almost a minute had passed without her being filled again. She lay there slick with sweat, her body quivering in anticipation of what might be next. The room had gone silent. Daddy pulled her hair and said "You want to thank everyone for fucking you, don't you slut?" "Yes, Daddy. Thank you everyone for fucking me so good and treating my like the nasty slut I am" she said. Daddy must have gestured everyone out of the room because she heard the shuffle of feet and the audible click of the door opening and closing. They were alone at last. "You pleased me tonight, you were a very good girl" said Daddy. Her body responded to his words and she became desperate to feel him inside her aching pussy. "Thank you Daddy" she replied. "As your reward for doing such a good job, I'm going to fuck you in the ass. You will like that won't you baby girl?" said Daddy. "Yes please Daddy, fuck me in the ass please" she moaned. She scooted down a little on the table to make herself more accessable. She felt her Daddy's cock slide down her slit before it came to rest on her asshole. He wouldn't need any lube as she was slick with her own cum. He slowly slid the head of his cock into her ass and stopped. "Beg me for it" he said. "Please, Daddy, please please I beg of you to please fuck me in the ass. I need you to fuck me, please Daddy" she cried in earnest. Her reward was to feel him slide his entire shaft up her ass in one smooth stroke. "Thank you Daddy" she moaned. He fucked her slow and steady, gently rubbing her clit. Her climax built slowly, it was going to be huge. His speed increased and her body began to quake with the release that was about to overtake her. "Please Daddy, may I cum?" she begged. "Not yet, wait until I tell you" he said sternly. She used all her will power to hold it back but her body was going to betray her if he didn't give the command soon. It was torture holding it back and when she thought she could hold it no longer she heard his words "Cum with me now slut" and her orgasm was so intense that she squirted her cum just above his cock that was buried in her ass. She felt his cock throbbing as he came, felt his hot cum splashing inside her and she came again from the feeling. Tears were running down the side of her face soaking the blindfold and she sobbed her appreciation "Thank you Daddy. God, thank you Daddy. I love you Daddy." As he pulled out he said "You have been a very good girl tonight. You have pleased your Daddy and I'm very proud of you." With his words she was finally, at last, completely satisfied and she smiled.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Madison


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





