BDSM Library -  Hotel Hell




 Hotel Hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Mike goes online for large black hook up gets more than he bargained for.






Mike travels for work and loves to go online and find strange hookups. Mike got more then he bargained for when he found Leroy. 

Mike checked into his room in Atlanta for a weekend layover for work. As soon as he got checked into his room he immediately turned on his laptop going to his favorite Gay chat room. He soon found Leroy who&#8217;s stats are just what he was looking for 6.6 ft 230 lbs. shaved head and tattoo&#8217;s with a thick 9 inch cock.

Mike gave Leroy his hotel and room number and told him the door would be open a crack to just walk in. 

Leroy wrote down the address and room number and left for the hotel.

Mike lay naked on the bed face down with a bottle of poppers. 

Leroy walked in with a duffle bag and loved what he seen a nice smooth white ass just waiting for him. What a find he was going to have a great time and make some money off this little white bitch whore. Leroy walked over and slapped mike on his ass and told him to get up bitch. Leroy had a gun and had the door already locked. Mike turned over too scared to say anything and got off the bed. Leroy Handcuffed Mike behind his back then pulled out duck tape. He taped Mike&#8217;s hard cock to his belly leaving his balls dangling. Leroy then placed a ball gag in Mike&#8217;s mouth so nobody could hear the screams. He then took his boot and kicked Mikes dangling balls as hard as he could making him double over in pain. While Mike was still on the floor unable to breath from the pain Leroy reached down and grabbed Mike by the hair. He looked him square in the eye and told him your my bitch now and you will do what I tell you or Ill carve you up like a Thanksgiving Turkey got that white bitch? 

Mike was too scared to do anything accept shake his head with tears in his eyes. Leroy unruffled Mike and told Mike to open the duffle bag and grab the panties and garter belt out and put them on with a bra and a long blond wig. Mike was too scared to say anything and did as he was told. 

Leroy then told him to put a pillow on the bed and he was going to fuck him. Mike did as he was told however Leroy also had other plans as he put handcuffs on Mike and fastened a spreader bar between his legs. Now Mike was on the bed face down ass in the air with a nice pink hole exposed to Leroy&#8217;s waiting 9 inch rock hard cock.

Now Leroy was also a drug dealer and also loved nothing better then to do drugs and take Viagra and fuck sweet pussy boys. After getting high he grabbed a pill and was instantly hard looking at that pretty girl ass just waiting for him. Without ceremony he grabbed lube and some poppers and walked over to Poor Mike still in pain from being kicked in the balls and drove his cock up that pretty pink hole all the way to his balls. Mike was trying to kick and move and scream and Leroy loved that it just got him all the more excited. He just used that pretty pink hole as his personal fuck toy pumping and pumping until he finally lets loose a big load in Mikes sore hole. Leroy lay there exousted then whispered in Mike&#8217;s ear Yes sir we are going to have a long weekend of fun.

Leroy walked over and sat down in a chair and looked at that pretty ass still in the air. He grabbed his phone and called some of his friends and said he was having a party in a hotel. Mike hearing this tried again to get loose and tried wiggling away. Leroy just smiled and did a hit of crack off his glass pipe love the view. He then walked over reached under his pretty ass and grabbed his balls and gave them a hard squeeze. He told Mike you move again and Ill use paper and put paper cuts to your balls bitch and with that he used the hot glowing glass pipe and burned one of mikes balls. Mike was crying and screaming and wiggling trying to get away from the pain. Leroy smacked Mike and told him shut the fuck up.

10 minutes later Mike heard a nock on the hotel door and inn came 6 more of Leroy&#8217;s friends

But that&#8217;s another story



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Hotbottom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





