BDSM Library - Emma's Descent




Emma's Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Emma is dominated and controlled by two 13 year old boys.






This story owes much to&nbsp; My Cousin's Slave by Emma No Knickers, which is an excellent story, and one of my favourites. The start is definitely similar but I think I go in a different direction.

Emma's Descent, by Bellatheslut.

My name is Emma and I am 20 years old and live with my Mum after Dad left us when I was 12. He's re-married now and lives up north and I haven't seen him in a long time, but he always contributed financially, so we never struggled and were able to stay in the same house I grew up in. I went to college but dropped out and now I have a job working in a supermarket. It's boring, but the money's okay especially as I don't pay rent. I don't generally help out around the house, despite Mum having a full time job herself as a nursery school teacher. I don't have a boyfriend at the moment, though I have had a few since I first started dating at 16. I lost my virginity when I was 17 and enjoy sex, though I don't consider myself promiscuous in any way. I never had a 
one-night stand and only had sex when I was in a commited relationship. 

One day, Mum announced that my cousin, Paul, would be coming to stay with us over the summer, and that he'd be bringing a friend with him. I didn't really know Paul, but Mum said he was 13 now. She said Aunt Kathy was having some marital problems with Uncle Joe and that a little time on their own without Paul around might help them work things out. I wasn't keen on having some kid hanging around, and couldn't understand why he had to bring a friend with him too, but Mum just said it was all arranged and that was that.

I came home from work one Friday and Mum told me the two boys had arrived and were upstairs, settling in. To my horror, she'd put them both in my room, as it had a bigger bed, and I was put in the spare room. 

"I've put your stuff in the spare room, apart from the things in your closet. The boys don't really need a closet, and you can get your things as and when you need them."

To say I wasn't happy was an understatement, but Mum ignored my protests. She said it was only for a few weeks. Mum called the boys down and introduced us. Paul was skinny and had very blond hair and pale skin. His friend, Tommy, was black and slightly chubby, and tall for his age. The two boys looked me up and down, checking me out with their eyes. I felt like they were mentally undressing me, imagining what I looked like under my staff uniform, which consisted of an orange blouse and tight black trousers. 

I had a shower and changed into jeans and a sweatshirt, which is what I normally wore around the house. We had our tea and I was still aware of the two boys staring at me from time to time. If I caught Paul looking at me, he'd smile and look away, but Tommy was different - he'd hold my gaze for a few seconds, almost challenging me, before casually smiling at me. More often than not, it was I who looked away first.

Mum went out at seven, to Bingo. The boys were upstairs in their room, playing on Paul's Xbox, which he'd brought with him. I had another Friday night without a date, so I sat in front of the TV in the front room, watching nothing in particular, drinking wine. 

One thing that annoyed me about having Paul and Tommy staying here - even more than having to sleep in the spare room - was that I couldn't do what I normally did when Mum left me on my own. What I normally did was to strip naked and walk around the house like that. It was something I'd done ever since I was old enough to 
be left on my own. I don't know what it was, but I just got a real thrill out of being naked, even though I knew no-one could see me. I remember ordering pizza and daring myself to answer the door naked when the guy showed up, but I was always too scared to do it. Sometimes, feeling daring, I'd answer the door in nothing but a bath robe or with just a towel around me, like I'd just come out of the shower. I would hunt through my purse for the money to pay them, feeling the cold night air on my body, knowing the guy was looking at me, checking me out, hoping to get a look at my bare tits. Sometimes I'd drop the money and have to crouch down to pick it up. It 
wasn't deliberate, just a mixture of nervousness and excitement, but I noticed the guys never made a move to help me and it was obvious that they were hoping to see something they shouldn't. Of course, it gave me a kind of thrill when this happened and I found myself crouched in front of them and my head was level with their cocks. I 
think secretly that I wanted them to take advantage of me, but it never happened and I would end up rubbing my pussy hard and making myself cum before I had a chance to eat my pizza. I guess I knew I had an exhibitionist streak, despite the fact that I dressed pretty conservatively most of the time. It annoyed me now that Paul and 
Tommy were denying me my fun and I just sat and drank my wine. I was flicking through the channels when Paul appeared.

"Can we have some wine, Emma.?"

Without thinking, I just shrugged and said, "Sure, okay."

"Cool. Get some glasses and bring it upstairs for us."

I was surprised by his tone, the way he was telling me what to do, but I found myself doing as he said and got some glasses and another bottle of wine and took them upstairs to what was once my bedroom. Paul and Tommy were sitting on my bed, playing some silly racing game on the computer. I poured them both a small glass of 
wine and, not having anything better to do, joined them on the bed.

"Thanks for the wine, Emma" Tommy said. "You can have a go now."

He handed me the controller and I was, of course, useless. Paul and Tommy laughed at me and openly mocked my pathetic attempts to steer my car around the track. I don't know why it bothered me so much, as it was just a stupid game, but I was determined to finish as best as I could.
 
"As you were so useless, you can pour us more wine," Paul said.

It was absurd, but I did as I was told, as if it was some sort of forfeit for my hopeless score on the computer game. I sat in a sort of sulk, watching Paul and Tommy taking turns to zoom around the track, both taking the opportunity to make sly comments at my expense.
 
Paul said, "Your turn, Emma."

Then Tommy laughed and said, "Well, this shouldn't take long."

I tried my best, but I was still hopeless. It didn't help, of course, that the two young boys were mocking me and laughing at me and Paul even nudged me a few times, causing me to go off the track. I was also slightly drunk, of course, which only added to my poor display.

"You're hopeless," Paul laughed. "I'm amazed you managed to pass your driving test."

Tommy said, "What will her forfeit be this time?"

I could feel my face redden with shame as Paul told me my forfeit was to stand in the corner with my hands on my head, like a naughty schoolgirl. I was to remain there until it was my turn to race again. I don't know why I did it, but I found myself silently agreeing to his demand, and stood in the corner, facing the wall, putting my hands on top of my head. I felt really stupid, but part of me liked it, being humiliated in this way, being told what to do by a couple of young boys. The boys seemed to ignore me as they took turns playing their game. I just stood there, feeling silly, hoping none of my friends found out about this. Why was I doing this anyway? What if Mum found out? It all seemed ridiculous, and yet I stood there, passively accepting my forfeit.

"Your turn," Tommy said.

Paul smiled at me and said, "If you don't do it this time, your forfeit will be worse, so you better not mess it up this time."

I was aware that my hands were shaking as I took hold of the controller. I should have just walked out and gone back downstairs, but the game started and I knew I was in trouble as I crashed on the first bend. Paul and Tommy laughed as I struggled to get back on track, but my nervousness was making it almost impossible for me to control the car and I crashed twice more in quick succession before I snapped and threw the controller away in disgust.

"What a baby," Paul sneered, as I sat there shaking on the bed netween the two boys.

"Maybe she did it on purpose," Tommy said. "Maybe Emma wants to be punished."

I was told to stand in the corner again. I was still shaking as I obeyed their instruction, and put my hands on my head again. But then my face reddened again as Paul spoke.

"After your tantrum, I think we'd better have your jeans and knickers pulled down."

I just stood there, facing the wall, blushing at this latest humiliation. I knew I couldn't do it, and yet the idea of being exposed in such a way in front of two teenage boys was exciting to me, even though I knew it was totally wrong.

"If you don't do it, your punishment will be worse," Tommy said.

I wanted to do it. Well, part of me did. I couldn't explain it, but part of me was in some strange way enjoying this humiliation and was almost craving more. But I was 20 years old - an adult - and the idea of pulling down my jeans and panties in front of two 13 year old boys was too humiliating for words. 

Paul said, "If you don't do as you're told, Emma, your Mum will find out you let us drink wine. What do you think she'd say to that?"

I knew my Mum would go crazy, but surely that was better than the idea of exposing my bare bottom to two teenage boys. So why were my hands undoing my jeans? Why was I pushing them down around my knees? Why was I letting Paul and Tommy see my little pink panties?
 
"Good girl," Paul said. "Now your knickers."

His voice was so commanding, so sure of itself. I felt like I was no longer the adult in the room. I felt like I was 8 years old again. With only a little hesitation, I slowly eased my panties down, until they too were down around my knees. 

"Hands on your head."

Again I did it. Raising my arms caused my sweat shirt to rise too, exposing the whole of my naked bottom to the two boys, who sniggered at me and clearly couldn't believe their luck.
 
"Such a dirty little girl," Tommy laughed.

"Better have your top off too," Paul said.

I did it, of course. I seemed unable to refuse. I had a thin white bra on underneath. I put my hands on my head again and listened in shame as the boys returned to their game. I still couldn't believe what was happening. Of course, the wine didn't help, but I wasn't so drunk that I didn't know what I was doing.

"Your turn, Emma," Paul said.

I made no attempt to hide my pubes as I turned and shuffled across to the bed, hearing their giggles at my expense and yet unable to look either boy in the eye. I sat down, aware that I couldn't win at this, that more humilation awaited me following my inevitable defeat.

"Try harder this time," Tommy said. "If you don't, we'll make you stand in the corner again, only you'll be naked this time."

I tried my best, I really did. Paul and Tommy didn't even try and put me off this time, but I was still hopeless. I started out okay, but then my nerves got the better of me, and I had trouble steering. The room was silent, except for the sound of the computer game, as if we were all waiting for the game to end so that they could strip me naked and humiliate me further.
 
"I think she's losing on purpose," Tommy said. 

Paul just looked at me and said, "You know what to do, Emma. Get undressed."

I tried to protest, but I felt weak and helpless and I found myself standing in front the two teenage boys, feeling like a little girl, like a naughty little girl, even though I'd done nothing wrong. Well, except maybe letting them drink wine and then pulling down my jeans and panties, which were still down around my knees. 

"Get on with it," Paul said firmly. "We don't have all night."

I did it. I reached up behind my back and unhooked my bra and took it off and handed it to Tommy, letting the two boys see my bare breasts.&nbsp; I felt ashamed at what I was doing, exposing myself in front of these two young boys, feeling their eyes on my bare breasts, desperately fighting the urge to cover myself up.

"She's got nice tits," Tommy said. "Nice and big."

I had been ptoud of my breasts when they first started growing, but then they kept growing and they became an embarrassment to me. Of course, they attracted the attention of boys at school, but I became really self-concious about them and even refused to wear a bikini when I went swimming.

"Now the rest," Paul said.

They could already see my pubes anyway, so what was the point of keeping my jeans and panties on? Meekly complying with their wishes, I stripped naked and stood there, awaiting further instructions.

"Give me your knickers," Paul said. 

Again, shame-faced and totally humiliated, I did as I was told. I picked up my pink panties and handed them to Paul, who smiled at my submissiveness and openly sniffed the crotch of my panties before handing them to Tommy, who also sniffed them.

"That's what girls smell like," Paul said, grinning.

"Go and stand in the corner, Emma," Tommy said. "Hands on head."

Why was I doing this? Why was I allowing two teenage boys to order me around like I was their servant or slave? Worst of all, why was I enjoying this humiliation? My pussy was already wet and I only hoped the boys didn't notice. 

Paul said, "Spread your legs, Emma. Wider. Good girl."

"She's got a nice bum," Tommy said, giggling.

I felt totally humiliated, and I was sure my face was bright red. I was shaking too, even though it was a warm evening. Here I was, a 20 year old woman, standing naked in a room with two 13 year old boys, letting them order me about and control me. I could hear the boys playing their game, laughing and joking, and it was more humiliating to me that they weren't even taking any notice of me. After what seemed like an eternity, Paul announced that it was my turn again.

"I think we should stop now," I said. "Mum will be home soon."

It wasn't true, but I desperately needed to gain some sort of control, to end this humiliation, even though I somehow craved it. But even as I said it, I was aware of how weak and pathetic my voice sounded, and I knew I didn't have any authority in this room, despite supposedly being the grown-up.

"It's over when we say it's over," Tommy said firmly. "Sit down and play the game."

I was beaten. I sat down on the bed between the two boys and was accutely aware of my nakedness, sitting next to two fully-dressed boys. I made no attempt to cover my bare breasts or pubes. The game started and I knew it was hopeless, but I tried anyway, knowing that I was going to suffer further punishments, further humiliations. The game itself was pointless now - I may as well have just stood naked in front of them and awaited their commands. In a way, the game was just another punishment, a way to increase my anxiety, wondering what they had in mind for me next. 

"She's getting worse," Paul said. "She must like being punished."

Tommy laughed and said, "I think you're right. She must do."

The game ended and I bowed my head in shame. When was this nightmare going to end? Did I even want it to? I sat there, trembling, awaiting my next humiliation.

"Go downstairs and get us a coke, and I'd like a sandwich too. Ham and tomato."

Paul said, "I'll have cheese."

I knew it was pointless to ask to put something on first, as I knew it wouldn't be allowed, so I went downstairs naked and made their snacks. I was a little nervous, as our kitchen window has no curtains or blinds, and it was possible to see in from the flats at the end of the garden, but it was unlikely. I was tempted to turn the light 
out and work in the near darkness, using just the light from the hallway, but I chose not to.
 
In a way, this was like my times walking around the house naked, except I was always careful not to stand near windows, even though I often fantasised about being seen. Now, in some perverse way, I no longer cared, because I'd somehow relinquished responsibility, and my warped thinking was that if I got into trouble, it was Paul and Tommy's fault, not mine. It sounds silly, but I felt like I was a little kid, and that's how my childish logic worked.

As I headed back upstairs, I knew the boys had been discussing what to do to me.

"You need to be punished," Paul said, as I handed them their snacks. I just stood there, naked and helpless, knowing I would do whatever they said.

"You do need to be punished, don't you, Alison?"

I stood there, and then I quietly answered, "yes." even though I couldn't think I'd done anything wrong, except if I hadn't done anything wrong, then why was I standing here naked like this? 

Tommy said, "When my sister's naughty, Dad smacks her bum. I think you should have your bum smacked too, don't you, Emma?"

Shame-faced, I nodded and said, "Yes... "

I stood there, trembling and naked while they played 'rock, scissors, paper' to see who would go first. Tommy won, but Paul didn't mind, as he knew he'd get his turn soon enough. Tommy pulled the wooden chair from my dressing table and put it in the middle of the room. He sat on it and told me to lay across his knees. I was totally 
humiliated, a 20 year old woman laying across a 13 year old boy's lap, awaiting a spanking. It was quite clear that Tommy was turned on by this evening's events, as I could feel his cock was hard, pressing against my stomach. I'm ashamed to admit that I was turned on too, despite my nervousness and unease.
 
"How many smacks do you think you should get?" Tommy asked, running his hand over my bare bottom. I didn't know what to say.

"Six?"

"That's not very many. I think you deserve more than that, don't you?"

"Yes... " I admitted. I realised that they were waiting for me to come up with a more appropriate number, though they seemed in no hurry. 

"Twelve... " I said, tentatively.

"Okay," Tommy said. "We'll start with twelve. I just hope you learn your lesson, young&nbsp; lady."

It sent a shiver through my body, hearing him talk to me like that, like I was a little girl. I silently hoped Mum didn't come home and see me like this. In a perverse way, I wished she didn't come home tonight at all, that Paul and Tommy would continue to humilaite and punish me. What was I thinking?

Tommy started spanking me, and it was harder than I expected, and made me cry out. He ignored my protests and carried on, one cheek and then the other. I felt too weak to resist and just lay there, allowing him to smack my bum.

"Stand up," Tommy said.

My knees were weak. I managed to stand, but my legs felt like jelly. I rubbed my bum cheeks, trying to take away the sting. I caught sight of myself in the dressing table mirror and saw that my bum was bright pink.

"My turn now," Paul said, smiling at me, as he took Tommy's place on the wooden chair. He patted his thighs, indicating that I should take my place laying across them.

"No, please... let me rest a minute... "

I saw a look pass between the two boys, and then Paul said, "Okay, Emma. We'll let you catch your breath."

He stood up and led me over to the dressing table. He made me bend over at the waist until my forehead was resting on the cool wood surface. I was then made to put my hands out so I was gripping either side of the dressing table. My large breasts hung down, like a cow's udders, wobbling slightly. 

"Okay, Emma. Spread your legs."

I knew if I did that both boys would have a clear view of my exposed pussy. Worse, they would see how wet I was, and that their humiliations were turning me on. I didn't know what to do. Part of me wanted to obey them, but I was so nervous.

Paul said, "Did you hear me, Emma? Are you deliberately being naughty? You know you're only making things worse for yourself, don't you?"

"Please... "

Tommy said, "Looks like we'll have to show your Mum your knickers and see what she says when we tell her you stripped naked in front of us."

"Please... don't... "

"It's up to you, Emma. We've tried to be lenient with you, but you keep trying to be naughty all the time, and we are growing tired of it. Maybe your Mum can do something with you."

What choice did I have? If Mum found out half of what I'd done tonight, I'd never be able to face her again. How could I possibly explain any of this? With a deep sigh, I signalled my defeat and slowly started to spread my legs. 

"Wider. Keep going, Emma. Wider."

My legs were spread achingly wide, and I knew my pussy was open obscenely to the gaze of the two young boys. I had no doubt that mine was the first pussy either boy had seen, and they must have thought Christmas had come early to have a girl like me at their mercy. 

Paul said, "Rest like that for a few minutes, Emma. Your earlier disobedience means your spanking will be much worse than before. Do you understand?"

"Yes... "

"It's what you deserve, isn't it?"

"Yes... I'm sorry... "

"Are you going to be a good girl from now on?"

"Yes... I'll try my best... I promise... "

Nothing more was said for a little while, and I was a little surprised that the two boys were taking this opportunity to eat the sandwiches I'd made them. I was supposed to be getting a rest, but my arms and legs ached and my back too. It was an incredibly uncomfortable position, but I kept my complaints to myself, trying to be a good little girl, just as I'd promised. The boys were whispering amongst themselves, and I heard 
them giggling. Who could blame them? I bet they never expected to have me as their plaything when Mum went out tonight.

"Okay, Emma. Come here."

Paul and Tommy were sitting on my bed. I stood in front of them, my hands behind my back, my head bowed slightly. My whole body ached. I knew they were going to spank me again, and the thought scared me, but it excited me too. 

"You've been a naughty girl, Emma, and we were going to spank you anyway, but now it will be worse. Much worse."

I stood there, waiting, knowing that nothing I said would change their minds.

"We've had a chat and decided you will be spanked thirty times."

Oh God. Twelve had been terrible, but thirty was way too much. I bit my lip and resisted the urge to speak out, as I knew it would only make matters worse. I wanted to cry.

"Do you think that's fair, Emma?"

"Yes... "

Tommy said, "Because you promised to be a good girl from now on, we've decided to give you a choice. You can be spanked thirty times without taking a break, or you can have ten hits with a belt."

Either way, I knew I was in for some pain. I decided to take the belt, but only because it would be over more quickly. 

"Can I have the belt please?"

Paul stood up and went to the closet and brought out a brown leather belt that was hanging in there. I usually wore it with jeans, as it looked deliberately worn and faded, and I could even remember buying it at a market stall in Bursley. It occurred to me that Paul and Tommy must have been nosing in my closet, even though they weren't supposed to go in there.
 
"Okay, Emma. lean over the chair and put your hands on the seat."

I did as I was told. I caught sight of myself in the mirror, a side-on view, and I looked terrible. My breasts and hair hung down, while my bare bum was offered up to be whipped with the belt. I suddenly wondered if maybe I should have stuck with the spanking, but there was no going back now. 

"Open your legs a bit. That's better. Are you ready for your punishment, Emma?"

I nodded, but they wanted to hear me say it.

"Yes... Please don't hurt me too much... "

I screamed out as the belt slapped against my bare skin. I never thought it could hurt so much. I thought the whole neighbourhood would hear me, I screamed so loudly. I imagined someone calling the police, and I feared a sudden banging on the door. I was sobbing, kicking my legs up and down, trying to take away some of the pain. I was sure it left a mark.

"That's one," Paul said. 

Tommy said, "She's very loud. She'll wake the up dead. if she carries on like that."

"Put something in her mouth. Gag her."

"Oh, I know what we can use."

He came back with a pair of my dirty panties from the laundry basket, the ones I'd worn all day at work. He forced them into my mouth, and held them in place by tying a pair of my tights around my head. 

"There, that's better, isn't it?"

I nodded my head dumbly. 

Paul whipped my bum again, harder this time, and I screamed into my panties. I tried to see my reflection in the mirror, to see the marks it was leaving, but my eyes were filled with tears, and I couldn't see anything clearly. 

"Lift up your bum. Higher. Good girl."

I felt so weak and helpless. My legs felt like jelly. Paul whipped me again and again. I couldn't believe I'd gotten myself into this situation, letting two young boys do these things to me. Why was I letting this happen? And why was I enjoying it so much, the pain and humiliation? 

"You're making her bum nice and red."

"Yeah, but she likes it. Don't you, Emma?"

And I nodded again and mumbled "yes" into my balled-up panties. 

Paul carried on whipping me, slowly, taking his time with me. I lost count, but it didn't matter. If they whipped me a hundred times, I wouldn't have stopped them. I wasn't even aware they'd finished until Tommy started undoing my gag. 

He said, "What time's your mum getting home?"

"I don't know. Usually around midnight, I think. I'm usually in bed by then."

"Good. We've still got time for some more fun."

My pale bottom was covered in red stripes, and the back of my thighs too. Paul and Tommy took me into the bathroom and made me kneel in the bathtub. I had lost any will to argue with them. I was their plaything and they controlled me, and all three of us knew it. 

Paul took his cock out. It was hard, but still quite small, and very pale. He didn't have a lot of hair down there. I thought he was going to make me suck his cock. I'd done it before, with some of my boyfriends, but never really liked it.&nbsp; To my surprise, Paul started peeing on me. I screamed in shock as the warm liquid splashed over my bare 
breasts, and then Paul laughed as he aimed higher, hitting me in the face. I kept my eyes and mouth firmly closed, but didn't turn away, as the stream of urine soaked my face and hair. Finally, it stopped, and the last of it fell weakly against my thighs.

"Did you like that, Emma?"

"No... "

Paul washed me down with cold water from the shower, soaking my hair and my pubes. He scrubbed me with a big sponge. He still had his cock out and it was still hard. As he scrubbed me, it brushed against my arm a couple of times. 

"Paul... " I said. "I, um... I need to pee myself now... "

I blushed, hardly believing I said that to a 13 year old boy.

"Well, who's stopping you? You can pee in the bath."

But then Tommy said, "No, wait. We'll give you a choice, Emma. You can pee in a cup and drink it, or you can pee in the bath. If you chose to pee in the bath, you have to agree to drink my pee instead, right out of the tap."

Both boys giggled at this. 

Paul said, "That's brilliant," and they high-fived eachother.

I didn't want either option. It was bad enough that both boys would watch me pee, whatever one I chose. 

Paul said, "Make your mind up, Emma, or you'll drink both. Now hurry up. We don't have all night, you know."

What was the lesser of two evils? Drinking my own pee seemed the better option, but could I really drink my own pee out of a cup? As odd as it seems, I thought drinking Tommy's pee might be better, but only because I thought it might be over quicker and it would be less of an ordeal.

"I... I'll drink Tommy's pee... "

Paul laughed and said, "Ugh, did you hear that? Emma wants to drink your pee."

My feeble protests were drowned out by the boys' laughter as they openly mocked me and chanted, "Emma drinks pee, Emma drinks pee... "

I was red-faced as Paul made me stand up in the bath with my feet apart, and told me to pee. Both boys were crouched at the side of the bath, getting a close-up of my latest humiliation. I just couldn't do it. Hard as I tried, it just wasn't going to happen. I had never peed in front of anyone and my bladder wasn't going to let me 
do it now. The boys were becoming frustrated at my lack of co-operation. I tried to explain, but they weren't interested. In their minds, I was doing it deliberately, just to annoy them.

Finally, Tommy said, "Well, it looks like you get to taste my pee first."

I was made to kneel again. Tommy pulled his jeans down and I was surprised at how big and meaty his cock was, especially compared to Paul's. I'd been out with guys at college who had smaller cocks than Tommy's, and he was still only 13. 

"Open your mouth."

I did as I was told, closing my eyes. Tommy moved so close, his cock brushed against my lips. Paul moved in for a closer look, but was wary of getting any of Tommy's pee on him, if it splashed back off my face. 

"You better swallow it all, or you'll be sorry. Understand?"

I nodded my head keenly, my eyes still closed, which made my nose bump against the tip of Tommy's cock. It started slow, but soon my mouth was filled with the taste of Tommy's pee. At least it was weak-tasting, though a little bitter. I swallowed as best as I could, but knew some got away, dripping down onto my breasts. I hoped they didn't notice, but knew they did. 

Tommy shook his head slowly, like my Mum used to do when she was disappointed in me, or when I got into trouble. 

"Seems you just won't learn, Emma."

"I'm sorry... really... I did my best... I only missed a little bit... "

"We're not talking about that," Paul said. 

I didn't know what it could be, but then Paul pointed down and I saw it. Somehow, while Tommy was peeing in my mouth, I'd peed in the bath. I watched the last of it go down the drain. I knew that they were annoyed that they'd missed the show.

Paul said, "Your Mum will be home soon, but don't think you won't be punished for this."

"Please... "

"Unless you want us to leave your knickers lying around for her to find... "

"No, please don't do that. I deserve to be punished. You can do it tomorrow, when I get home from work, if Mum's not here. Or I can let you watch me pee."

We heard the car pull into the driveway. Paul and Tommy hurried out and ran into their room, and I ran into the spare room and threw on some clothes and then I realized my hair was still damp from my cold shower, so I grabbed a towel and started to dry it. I would have just pretended to be asleep, except the lights and the 
TV were still on downstairs. 

"Did you win, Mum?"

"What are you doing up so late? I thought you were working tomorrow. Have you just had a shower, at this time?"

"Oh, yeah. I spilled some perfume on me."

"Oh. How were the boys? Did they give you any trouble?"

"Um, no. Mostly they stayed in their room and played on the computer."

"Well, just keep an eye on them. Boys that age can be handful."

Didn't I know it? I went up to bed, wondering what the boys had in store for me. They knew they could do what they wanted with me, and they knew I'd let them. I just hoped Mum didn't find my clothes and underwear in their room. I knew it was going to be a difficult couple of weeks. I fell asleep, thinking about the events of the evening.

Paul and Tommy were still in bed when I woke up. I had a shower and saw that my bum was still marked, but it was fading. Mum made me some coffee and toast. I kept thinking she was looking at me oddly, but I wasn't sure. Did she know something about last night? 

"Good morning, Mrs Chaplin. Good morning, Emma."

"How are you, Tommy?" my Mum asked. "Did you sleep okay?"

"Yeah, it wasn't too bad. It's a nice big bed."
Lucky you, I thought, remembering my uncomfortable night on the spare bed, which had a lumpy mattress and was against the wall. 

Tommy said, "It was really fun playing with you last night, Emma."

Mum looked at me and I said, "Um, we played some games on the computer."

Tommy just grinned at me. 

Then, when Mum's back was turned, he pulled my panties out of his pocket, just to show me he still had them. Then he pointed towards the ceiling and I knew he wanted to see me upstairs.

I went up and waited in the spare room, sitting on the edge of the bed, nervously wondering what Tommy wanted with me. I looked at my watch, as I didn't want to miss my bus. 

Tommy came in and closed the door.

"Take off your bra and panties. No underwear for you today, as you were so naughty last night."

"Tommy, please. Don't do this. I have to work today."

"Maybe I should show your Mum your knickers and tell her you gave us wine last night, and all the other stuff. Well, Emma?"

I knew I had no choice. I stripped off my blouse and took my bra off and handed it to Tommy. As I put my blouse back on, I knew it would be obvious to everyone at work that I wasn't wearing a bra, even though the material was quite thick. I pulled my work trousers off, and pulled my panties down and off. It seemed so natural to undress in front of Tommy, and I didn't even feel embarrassed any more. Then I realized that I was in front of the window, and suddenly wondered if anyone saw me, as the bedroom is at the front of the house and it's quite a busy road.

I knew everyone was looking at me at work, and I'm sure they all knew I wasn't wearing a bra. I had thought about sneaking one out, but Tommy kept a close eye on me until I left to catch the bus. I wondered what they'd think if they knew I wasn't wearing panties either. At least we keep our blouses buttoned up, so there was no 
chance of anyone seeing something they shouldn't. Even so, I had to put up with a lot of stares from customers and my male colleagues.

Just as I was leaving my till to go to lunch, Paul and Tommy showed up. I guess Mum told them where I worked. Normally I had lunch in the staff canteen, but the two boys took me to McDonald's, where I bought them burgers and cokes. 

Tommy said, "I hope you didn't put any underwear on, naughty girl."

"No, I didn't."

Paul said, "We'd like to trust you, Emma, but we want proof."

The restaurant was busy, but I undid some buttons on my blouse and opened it enough that they could see I wasn't wearing a bra. I then had to undo and unzip my trousers and both boys stroked my pubes under the table. I saw some builders looking over at me, but I'm not sure if they saw anything. 

Paul said, "Your Mum's going out later, to a neighbour's house, so we're going to have some fun... after you've been punished, of course."

I nodded and said, "Okay... " and the two boys smiled at me, knowing I wasn't offering any resistance. Did they know how turned on I was by being punished and humiliated? Did they care? I guess all they cared about was that they had a 20 year old girl as their plaything, and that was a schoolboy's dream.

Before I went back to work, Tommy said, "Don't be late home. We've got lots of fun and games lined up."

I found it hard to concentrate at work, wondering what delights Paul and Tommy had in store for me. I made three errors on the till, when I gave customers the wrong change. Mrs Green, my manager, called me into her office after my afternoon break.

"What's wrong with you today, Emma?"

"Nothing. I just didn't sleep well last night."

"And it looks like you forgot to put a bra on this morning."

"I was in a rush this morning.," I said, lamely. 

"Well, you'd better buck your ideas up. If you can't do your job, I'm sure there are plenty of girls out there who can."

"Yes, Mrs Green."

I managed to get through the rest of the afteroon without making any more mistakes. I couldn't afford to lose this job, as I knew Mum would go mental if I was sacked. On the bus home, I started to get nervous, as I knew Paul and Tommy had probably spent the entire afternoon dreaming up new punishments and humiliations for me. 

When I got home, Mum gave me a look as she saw that I didn't have a bra on, but she didn't say anything. I'd managed to sneak past her this morning, without her seeing. I went upstairs to have a shower before tea, but Paul called me into the bedroom.
 
"Pull down your trousers."

The bedroom door was open, and Mum could come up at any minute. but I knew better than to argue with the boys. I undid my trousers and pulled them down around my knees. They made me get down on my hands and knees, like a dog, and they took it in turns to spank my bare bum. Then they picked out a dress for me to 
wear. It was a lightweight summer dress I hadn't worn in ages, and they reminded me not to wear a bra or panties. 

Mum was horrified as I sat at the table in the flowered dress, especially as it was obvious I still didn't have a bra on. My nipples were pressing against the thin material, much to the delight of Paul and Tommy. It was also very short and I remembered the last time I wore it was at a birthday party when I was 16. 

"I'm going over to Nora Pinner's later, so you'll have to look after the boys again."

"Okay, Mum."

"Oh, I thought you might be going out, as you're wearing that dress."

"No, I just thought I'd try it on and see if it still fits. I haven't worn it in ages."

"I'm not surprised, as it's too small for you now. You should have thrown it out ages ago."

"It's not too bad," I said, despite the fact that I was having trouble keeping my breasts from spilling out the sides. "I might need to let it out a bit."

I was so embarrassed, but thankfully Mum changed the subject. 

Mum left at seven, and said she'd be back around ten-thirty. 

As she was leaving, she said, "Don't let those boys take advantage of you. I know what you're like."

"Mum, I'm 20 years old. I think I can handle two young boys."

Did she suspect what was going on? As soon as the door closed, I turned and saw Paul and Tommy standing there, grinning like Cheshire cats. I bowed my head slightly, indicating my submissiveness to them. 

"You've been a nughty girl, haven't you, Emma?"

"Yes... "

"And you deserve punishment, don't you, Emma?"

"Yes... "

"Say it."

"I... I'm a naughty girl and I deserve to be punished... "

Tommy said, "I think you should start calling us 'sir' don't you, Emma?"

"Yes... sir... "

"How old are you, Emma?"

"I'm 20, sir... "

"I don't think so. You don't look 20 to me. If you were 20, you'd be a grown-up, and you're not a grown-up, are you, Emma?"

"No... No, sir."

"You're just a little girl, aren't you, Emma?"

"Yes, sir... "

"So, I'll ask you again. How old are you, Emma?"

I didn't know what to answer. Four? Eight? Eleven? I wasn't sure what they wanted to hear. I could feel their eyes on me, waiting for my answer.

"I'm seven years old, sir."

Paul smiled and said, "In that case, I think you should go upstairs and do your hair properly, like a little seven year old girl, with nice pink ribbons. Now, run along. We want to get to the park before it gets dark. Little girls shouldn't be out after dark."

Again, I was humiliated, sitting in front of the mirror, putting my hair in pig-tails and adding little pink bows. I looked ridiculous, like something out of a smutty magazine. When the boys saw me they smiled and then made me wear white ankle socks and some shiny black shoes I'd bought in a charity shop but never wore. 

"Doesn't she look lovely?" Paul said.

"Like a little angel," Tommy said. "Now, let's go to the park."

"Please, sir," I said. "Would it be okay if I wore some panties, sir? This dress is quite short, and - "

Tommy said, "No, you may not. And from now on, you'll say knickers, not panties. Now, do you have anything else to say to annoy us and make us want to punish you more?"

"No, sir. Sorry, sir."

"Then let's go."

The two boys led me outside, and I was scared our neighbours would see me like this, but there was nothing I could do about it. They were taking me to Whitton Park, which meant passing Mrs Pinner's house, and I prayed my Mum wouldn't be looking out the window as we passed. Both boys insisted on holding my hands, so I walked between them. It meant that I couldn't stop the bottom of my dress lifting up slightly whenever there was a strong breeze. A few cars passed by, and a few of them tooted their horns at me. What was I getting myself into?

We made it to Whitton Park without passing anyone on the street, which was a minor miracle. It was quite late so even though it was still light, it was almost empty. Of course, being a seven year old girl, I was taken to the play area and told to swing on the swings. The boys watched me as I swung back and forth, and I was told to 
spread my legs so they could see my pussy.

A man came along. He was about 40 and looked a little drunk. He had a suit on, but it had seen better days, and his tie was undone. He reminded me of my old History teacher, Mr Richmond, except Mr Richmond was a bit better-looking and wasn't quite so chubby. I was swinging on the swings as he walked by and he suddenly did a 
double-take as he realized that I wasn't a little girl and also that my dress was flying up, revealing my bare pussy. The boys didn't even notice him at first, as they were having fun enjoying my humiliation. I think they only realized something was up when my face turned even redder than normal.

The man took a seat on a bench about twenty feet away. The two boys turned to look at him, but didn't seem to mind him being there. I just carried on swinging, making sure my legs were open on the upward swing, as the boys had ordered. I was too embarrassed to look at the man directly, but I felt a sort of strange thrill, exposing 
myself to a stranger like this. 

Paul said, "That's enough for now."

I felt relief but also a strange disappointment that it was over. Except it wasn't. At Paul's insistence, I had to climb up on the monkey bars and hang upside down. It wasn't easy, as I wasn't as fit and nimble as I was at school, and the boys openly laughed at me and mocked me as I struggled to climb up, lacking any grace or 
poise. In the end, the boys had to physically help me get into position, saying I was fat and out of shape and maybe I needed to go on a diet and go to the gym once in a while. Their words stung me, as I always thought I was in good physical condition, but of course I had to thank them for their comments and agree with everything 
they said. 

Once I was upside down, gravity ensured my dress fell, exposing everything to the boys and the man. I was made to spread my legs slightly, which wasn't easy for me. It was tiring, being upside-down, and very uncomfortable. Paul and Tommy wouldn't even let me put my hands down on the ground to take some of the weight. To add to 
my humiliation, Tommy walked up to me and pushed the dress back off my breasts, exposing them to the cool evening air, and of course three pairs of eyes. 

I glanced at the man and saw he had moved closer. Looking closer, I saw he had a definite bulge in the front of his trousers. 

"Can I get down please?" I asked, sounding puffed out, like I'd just run a marathon. 

Paul said, "Not yet."

Both boys moved behind me, out of sight. I was left to hang there, with my pussy and breasts on show. I was really getting dizzy and it was getting chilly, in such a thin dress that wasn't covering much anyway. I knew the man was watching me, and I looked at him and sort of smiled apologetically, but he was too busy looking at my 
exposed body to notice. I considered myself a pretty girl, and was used to men looking at me, but I'd never seen such blatant lust in a man's face before.&nbsp; 

Suddenly I cried out as Paul and Tommy whipped my bare bum with what I guessed were thin branches. I was crying out but I couldn't escape the onslaught without falling to the ground. They had a good rhythm going, taking it in turns to whip me, one side and then the other. Then the man spoke for the first time. 

He said, "Why don't you whip her tits too?"

And even as I cried and begged them not to, the boys were unzipping my dress and pulling it down over my head and stripping me almost naked, except for my shoes and socks. And I just hung there, letting it happen, because I was just a little girl and I was too weak to put up a fight. So they took my dress off and made me put my hands on the ground to support myself, and to stop me protecting myself. I felt so helpless as they began to whip my bare breasts, keeping up the same steady rhythm they'd used on my bum, except it was a hundred times more painful to me. The boys were laughing and joking as they whipped my bare breasts, and I think it was an added thrill to tham to have a spectator, and I admit it was to me too. 

I was in tears by the time they finished. As my breasts were upside-down and hanging down, most of the blows were struck on the underside, which was better, as there was less chance of mum seeing any marks. I rubbed my breasts to take away the sting, which must have looked like I was obscenely massaging them and playing with 
them.

"Please... let me down now... "

Tommy relented, and the two boys and the man helped me down. I noticed the man took every opportunity to feel me up, but I was too glad to be upright and on solid ground to care. 

Tommy said, "Do you promise to be a good girl from now on?"

"Yes... "

Paul proudly announced, "This is our little baby sister. She's been naughty so we had to punish her." 

"Well, she probably deserved it," the man said. "How old is she, and what's her name?"

The two boys looked at me and I bowed my head and said, "My name is Emma and I am seven years old."

"Well, you're lucky to have two older brothers who care about you and bring you to the park to play. You're very pretty. I like your pink ribbons."

It was weird, the way he was playing along with the boys, talking to me like I was a little kid, but Paul and Tommy were enjoying it. I realized I was still lewdly rubbing my tits, but they still hurt. I just hope there wouldn't be bruises in the morning. 

The man said, "Little girls shouldn't have all that hair around their pussies. Maybe you should shave it off for your sister."

Tommy said, "Yeah, we will. We'll do it tonight, when we get home."

I groaned inwardly, hearing them say that. I didn't even have much hair down there, though I hadn't trimmed it for a week or so. There didn't seem much point until I started dating again. Of course, I could never have anticipated standing naked in Whitton Park on a Saturday night, letting a grown man and two young boys see me 
like that.

The man said, "Come and sit on my lap, Emma. I'll tell you a story."

Paul said, "Go on, Emma. Go with the nice man."

The man took my hand and led me over to the bench. He sat down and I sat on his lap. I felt foolish, but what could I do? I could feel his hard cock press against my thigh. I wondered what he was thinking, seeing a grown woman acting like a little kid, seeing me stripped naked and humiliated by two 13 year old boys. 

He started to tell me a story about a Princess, but I wasn't really paying attention. He had one hand around my waist, and his other hand was stroking my thigh. Paul and Tommy had left us to it, and were playing sword-fighting with the branches they'd whipped me with. The man said, "You're a dirty girl, Emma. Is that your real name?"

I nodded my head. 

"Open your legs."

I knew it was hopeless to argue. If he called the boys over and told them I was being a naughty girl, I knew they'd inflict more punishment on me, and I wasn't sure I could stand another whipping tonight. So I opened my legs and let the man touch my pussy. He slipped a finger into my pussy, and I was embarrassed at how wet I was, and how easily it went in.

"Christ, you're sopping wet. You must really get off on being whipped, huh?"

I bit my lower lip as I again nodded my head. 

He pushed two fingers in, then three. He was rough with me, knowing it's what I wanted, and I knew I couldn't hold off my orgasm for long. I couldn't believe I was letting a strange man slide his fingers in and out of my soaking wet pussy. It was even weirder because he was fully dressed and I was sat on his knee, practically naked. I clamped my legs closed, trapping the man's hands, his fingers deep inside me. My whole body was shaking as my orgasm washed through me, and I moaned through clenched teeth. The man's other hand gripped my hair and turned my head to face him and he kissed me hard and passionately, and I continued to moan into his mouth as my orgasm subsided.

"I think we'd better be getting little Emma home," Tommy said. 

The man released me and I stood up on wobbly legs and I felt my juices running down my thighs, feeling cool in the night air. The man smiled at me and looked at his fingers, which were soaked and glistening in the fading light. He offered them to my mouth and I sucked on them eagerly, like a baby sucking on it's mother's teat. 

"Well, I enjoyed meeting you and your baby sister," the man told the two boys. "Perhaps you'll bring her back tomorrow?"

"Yes, I think we will. You like the park, don't you, Emma?"

"Yes... "

The man smiled and said, "Good. I look forward to it. My name's Colin, by the way. Colin Richmond."

I froze as I realized that the man who had just finger fucked me was my old History teacher. I knew he looked familiar, but he'd obviously let himself go a bit since I knew him. I remember Suzy Miller even had a crush on him. I guess he didn't remember me, even though he knew my name was Emma, but I'm not surprised, as I didn't exactly stand out from the crowd, and I was hopeless at History.

Mr Richmond took out a business card and handed it to Paul.

"Why don't you give me a call and let me know what time you'll be here? Or maybe we can go to the beach? I've got a car, and I'm sure Emma would love a day out at the seaside."

Tommy said, "Yeah, that would be fun. Don't you think so, Emma?"

"Yes," I said. "Thank you, Mr Richmond."

We walked to the park entrance and Tommy had yet to give me back my dress. I didn't have a watch, so I had no idea of the time. If Mum got back before us, I could be in big trouble. My breasts still ached slightly from the whipping, but they weren't too bad. Mr Richmond left us at the entrance, again saying he had a nice evening and 
was looking forward to seeing us again. 

"Can I have my dress back now, please?"

Paul said, "No. And you deserve more punishment for not calling us 'sir' or did you forget?"

"No, sir. I mean... yes, sir. I forgot, sir. I'm sorry, sir."

"Well, you can wait here. You're not to move until we're around the corner, into Cherry Road. We'll leave your dress by the blue car. Understood?"

"I... Yes, sir."

So I waited in the shadows and watched the two boys take my dress and drop it beside a car, and again I wondered how I had allowed myself to be used and abused like this, letting myself be controlled by two 13 year old boys. 









It will help to read the first part first, of course... Any feedback, ideas, etc always welcome.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emma's Descent (part2) by Bellatheslut.


I saw the boys turn the corner and then, making sure the coast was clear, I made a run for it. It was bad&nbsp; enough being naked in the park, but being naked out on the street is a hundred times worse, as I imagined people at every window looking out at me, seeing my heavy tits bounce lewdly as I ran to get my dress. I picked it up and struggled to get it on, as I was in such a panic, crouched down by the side of the car. It didn't help that I was still in view of several houses, and I had to scrunch down really low as a car passed. I managed to get the dress on, but still felt very exposed, as it was so short and low-cut. The boys didn't even wait for me. They were way up the road, laughing as they kicked a coke can noisily along the street. As I walked quickly to catch up with them, I knew it was only a matter of time before I was caught playing these games. I turned the corner into our street when someone said, "Hello, Emma."

It was Mr Grimsley, our neighbour. He'd recently retired from the police force, and was a keen gardener, and he'd even won awards and stuff for his roses. Mum let him grow things in our garden, as neither of us was interested in anything like that, and we only ever went out there to sunbathe or hang out the washing.

"Uh, hello, Mr Grimsley."

I could feel his eyes all over me, looking me up and down, checking me out. I wasn't surprised, as I always thought he was a bit of a pervert. One time I was in the back garden, sunbathing in my bikini and I woke up to find Mr Grimsley standing over me, leering at me. Still half-asleep, I failed to notice my bikini top had&nbsp; moved up and one of my nipples was clearly on show. I couldn't say for sure that Mr Grimsley did it, but he clearly enjoyed the sight. 

"That's a nice dress, Emma," he said. "Very fetching."

"Um, thanks. It's quite old. I just thought I'd wear it to... um... my friend's house."

"Was it a party?"

"No, just me and her... "

"Because I was wondering about the ribbons in your hair."

I blushed as I'd totally forgotten the pink ribbons and the fact that my hair was in pig-tails. I must have looked ridiculous to him. I knew I had to get home before Mum saw me like this.

"Oh, we were just fooling around... she just gave me a make-over... it was just a bit of fun for my facebook page... "

I was babbling and even I didn't think I sounded convincing. Luckily Mr Grimsley couldn't see how much I was blushing. He seemed to be spending more time staring at my breasts than looking at my face anyway. Maybe he was remembering the time he saw my nipple. 

"I think it suits you, Emma. It makes you look like a sweet little girl. Remember when I used to bounce you on my knee?"

How could I forget? It was after Dad left. Mr Grimsley was at the house a lot, helping Mum out, including looking after me. Thinking back, I'm sure he just wanted to have sex with Mum, as she was sad and lonely and vulnerable, and Mr Grimsley's marriage had just ended too. I don't know if they ever did it, but I was young at the time and didn't know about such things, so I wouldn't have noticed anyway.

"You used to call me Uncle Ted. Remember?"

"Yes, I remember. Um, do you know what time it is?"

"I'll tell you, but I want to hear you call me Uncle Ted again?"

I felt silly, but I even put on a little girly voice as I said, "What's the time, Uncle Ted?"

"Ha ha, that's a good girl. It's nine-forty."

I started to walk home, figuring Mr Grimsley would walk alongside me, but he hadn't moved. I turned to look at him, and saw that he had a stern look on his face.

"Don't you think it would be polite to thank me, Emma? Where are your manners?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Mr Grimsley."

"Call me Uncle Ted."

I hesitated, seeing if he was joking or not, but I could see he was serious. 

"Um, I'm sorry, Uncle Ted."

"Say it like you did before. You're dressed like a little girl, you might as well sound like one."

So I apologised again, using my little girl voice, trying to sound really sincere. God, what was happening to me lately?

"I'm really, really sorry, Uncle Ted."

"That's better. Manners don't cost anything, you know."

I started walking and Mr Grimsley walked alongside me. I figured I had plenty of time to get home before Mum, as long as she didn't finish at Mrs Pinner's early. Suddenly, out of the blue, Mr Grimsley slapped my bottom, hard.

"Ouch."

"Just reminding you that naughty girls get spanked. You have been naughty, haven't you, Emma?"

"No... "

"I was a policeman for twenty-six years, young lady. I know when someone's lying to me. You'd better come clean, or it will be worse for you. I'll ask you one more time... Have you been naughty?"

Where do I begin? I knew I couldn't tell him the truth, about Paul and Tommy and Mr Richmond, but Mr Grimsley stared at me intently, and it was like he could see into my brain. I knew I had to tell him something.

"I, um... I had a cigarette at Suzy's house... Please don't tell Mum... You know she hates me smoking."

It was true. I started smoking at school and my Mum went mental when she found out. It was even worse when she found out I was still smoking two years later, sneaking cigarettes in my bedroom. She was so against smoking, she threatened to throw me out unless I quit. so I did. It was one of the hardest things I ever did.
 
Mr Grimsley looked at me, and I was sure he didn't believe me, but he smiled and we carried on walking. I thought I was finally free of him as we approached his house, but it wasn't to be.

"You'd best come in, Emma. I have a cook book your mother wanted to borrow."

"Um, can't you bring it over tomorrow?"

I knew he usually came and worked in the garden on Sundays, if the weather was nice.

"Don't be so obstinate, young lady. It will only take two minutes. Come on."

My big fear was him seeing me in this dress in the bright light of his kitchen, but there was no way out of it. I followed him into his house and he smiled at me as he looked me over, leering at me as his eyes travelled up and down my body.

"My, that is a lovely dress. And so short too. But I suppose that's the way you young girls wear them these days. Not so long ago, you'd probably be arrested for showing so much leg."

"Can I get the book? I'm sorry, but I really have to get back... "

"Don't be so impatient. Besides, you haven't had your punishment yet."

"No... please... I have to go... "

"Well, okay, but I'll see your mother tomorrow and I'm sure she'll be interested to know you've started smoking again... "

Why was this happening to me? Why do I keep getting into these situations? I'd told a stupid lie, but I knew Mum would believe Mr Grimsley, if he told her I'd been smoking. And then she'd wonder what I was doing out anyway, when I was supposed to be home looking after the boys. Mr Grimsley's smile broadened when he saw my shoulders slump, and he knew I was signalling my defeat.

"What do I have to do?"

"You can start by calling me Uncle Ted again. Not just today, but from now on."

I bowed my head and said, "Yes, Uncle Ted."

"And now you can bend over the table and accept your punishment."

I just stood there, rooted to the spot. I was trembling all over.

"I'm not going to tell you again, Emma."

"I... I have a confession to make... Uncle Ted... "

"I'm waiting... "

"I, um... I didn't have a cigarette. I lied about that. I did something else... "

Mr Grimsley leaned back against the counter, folding his arms, waiting to hear the rest of my confession. I still couldn't tell him the truth, but I figured if he was going to spank me anyway, he'd soon find out I didn't have any underwear on, so I came up with a different story.

"I'm not wearing any panties."

The room was silent, except for the ticking of a clock and the thumping of my heart.

Mr Grimsley said, "I think my next question is obvious, Emma. Why aren't you wearing any panties?"

"It was... a dare. We were messing around and Suzy dared me to walk home without any underwear on. It was just meant to be a bit of fun... "

Mr Grimsley was looking at me, but I couldn't look him in the eye. I stared down at his shoes, which were black and shiny, like he'd just brushed them. He always had shiny shoes and well-pressed trousers, except for when he was gardening. 

"Prove it. Show me."

What could I do? I knew he could still get me in trouble with Mum for not wearing underwear, but then he'd have to explain how he knew. Of course, I'd also be in trouble for leaving the boys alone, and I'd have to explain why I left the house in a dress that was too small for me, but maybe I could think of something. 
.
"Come along, Emma."

I didn't even realize I'd done it, but I was lifting the bottom of my dress, holding it up around my waist, letting Mr Grimsley see my pubes. I was used to people seeing me naked lately, but it still creeped me out to expose myself to Mr Grimsley like this.Since the incident with the bikini, I always made sure to dress modestly around him, so as not to encourage his leering and lustful glances.

"Turn around. Slowly."

I did as I was told, showing Mr Grimsley my bare bum. I wondered if it was marked from my whipping in the park, but Mr Grimsley didn't mention it. When I had turned all the way around, I stood with my dress still up, and Mr Grimsley was smiling at my obedience. 

"Take your dress off."

I somehow felt compelled to obey. It was like I was in a trance. I hated what I was doing, but I was getting a thrill out of it too, and my pussy was responding, getting wet. I dropped my dress on the floor and stepped out of it. I was now all but naked in front of our pervert neighbour, making no attempt to cover myself up. 

"Such nice big tits you have. I always liked your titty's, Emma. Take your shoes and socks off. I want you naked."

When I did as he demanded, he said, "Jump up and down."

I couldn't believe this was happening to me. I was naked in Mr Grimsley's kitchen, bouncing up and down for his amusemant. Of course, his sole intention was to make my big breasts bounce about wildly, and they duly obliged. 

"Now do some star jumps."

I felt so stupid, doing star jumps for this dirty old pervert. I always hated doing them, even at school, but this was a million times worse. My breasts were bouncing everywhere and I was already puffed out. I really needed to get in shape.

"Stop."

I was huffing and puffing, like I'd run a marathon.

"Mr... I mean, Uncle Ted... I have to go... I have to get back... before Mum comes home... "

Mr Grimsley looked up at the clock on the wall above the friddge. It was almost ten. he seemed reluctant to let me go now that he had me, and I guess I shouldn't be surprised, as I bet he didn't often have naked girls in his kitchen. 

"Very well, but don't think this is over, Emma. I'll be over tomorrow, as usual. I'm sure we'll find time to continue your punishment. In the meantime, I'd like a little souvenir of tonight's activities. Wait here."

Two minutes later, Mr Grimsley returned with an expensive looking video camera. He was already filming me as he came into the kitchen. I had always been camera shy, but now I was blushing a deep shade of red as Mr Grimsley filmed me standing naked in his kitchen. So this was his little souvenir...

"Smile, Emma. Look at the camera. Good girl. Now, sit up on the counter."

I glanced at the clock, wondering how long this was going to take. Then I did as I was told, jumping up onto the counter. The surface was cool against my bare bottom.

"Spread your legs."

I wanted this to be over as soon as possible, so I opened my legs, knowing he was getting a good shot of my pussy. I felt so embarrassed. I could see my reflection in the darkness of the kitchen window and I looked like a girl in a porn movie, which I was, I guess.

"Wider. Good girl. I think I'll get a nice close-up here... "

Instead oif just zooming in, Mr Grimsley brought the camera close, until he was crouching between my open legs.

"Oh, my. Looks like you've been a naughty girl tonight."

I knew then that he was close enough to see the dried cum on my thighs from Mr Richmond's finger fucking in the park. I'd wiped my pussy but must have missed my thighs. 

"You and Suzy must have had some fun tonight... "

"Please... Uncle Ted... I have to go... "

Mr Grimsley backed up until I was in full shot again. I still kept my legs open for him and tried to look as if I was enjoying this humiliating experience, though I'm sure my smile must have looked false.

Mr Grimsley said, "Why don't you tell the viewers something about yourself, Emma? Speak up. Tell them your name and how old you are."

Oh God.

"My name is Emma Chaplin. I am 20 years old."

Mr Grimsley was signalling for me to continue. What was I supposed to say?

"I, uh, like movies and dancing and... and I have no brothers or sisters... "

"This isn't a bloody dating video, Emma. But, seeing as you like dancing, why not shake those titties for us?"

"Um, Uncle Ted... ?" I looked pleadingly up at the clock. Finally, Mr Grimsley relented and switched off the camera. 

"You're a natural, Emma. Now, get dressed and go. I'm going to send this to a few friends of mine, and give them a nice treat."

"No, please... Don't... "

But he was already heading up the stairs, no doubt going to go online and share me with his friends, whoever they were. I just hoped it wasn't anybody I knew. I would have run after him and begged him not to, but it was getting late and I couldn't afford to hang about. I dressed quickly and headed across the street to home. I knew 
Mr Grimsley wasn't finished with me, but I'd have to deal with that tomorrow.

Paul and Tommy were in the front room, watching a Bruce Willis film. 

"Where have you been, young lady?"

"I got talking to a neighbour... sir."

Just then, I heard the key in the front door. I sprinted upstairs, to the safety of my bedroom. I quickly stripped off the dress and pulled the ribbons from my hair, and threw on some denim shorts and an old t-shirt, not bothering with any underwear. I managed to get my shoes and socks off just as the door opened. It was Paul.

"Your Mum wants you. Me and Tommy have to go to bed now. Wait until your Mum goes to bed, and then come and see us. Understood?"

"Yes, sir."

"Naked."

"Yes, sir."

Mum was in the front room, watching TV. 

Without turning around, she said, "How were the boys tonight? Any trouble?"

"No, they were fine. I'm not a kid, Mum. I can look after two teenage boys."

The look she gave me made me think she didn't agree. She stared at my breasts a second and I thought she was going to ask why I was braless again. But then she started telling me all the gossip that she'd picked up tonight. It was all pretty boring, but I sat and listened to it while half-watching a TV programme about dolphins. When she finally finished telling me about Mrs Harris' hip operation, it was almost eleven thirty. I told her I was tired and was going to bed.

"I don't know how you can be tired," she said. "You don't do anything. You could have at least done the washing up while I was out."

"Sorry, Mum. I'll do it in the morning."

I went up to bed and thought about Mr Grimsley, and all his friends seeing the video of me naked, sitting on the kitchen counter with my legs spread and my pussy on display.What if he showed it to people who knew me, like our neighbours or my co-workers, or even the postman? I'd let an old boyfriend take some dirty pictures of me once, at college, and it made me wonder if he still had them, or if he showed them to anybody. I wouldn't have done it except he got me drunk and talked me into it. But they didn't even show my pussy, and this was much worse.

I lay there in the dark and thought about all the things that had happened to me this evening, in the park and at Mr Grimsley's house. Despite being humiliated by everything, it made me wet and I spread my legs and rubbed my pussy hard. I had a dildo - a big black rubber cock - but it was in the closet in the other bedroom, so I 
had to make do with my fingers. I was so turned on, it took me just a few minutes to bring myself to a shuddering climax. 

I lay in the dark and waited for Mum to go to bed. I hoped she wouldn't be long, as I was tired and I didn't want to risk falling asleep and disobeying Paul's instructions. I knew they'd punish me if I did. So I turned on the light and read for a while. It was gone midnight when I heard Mum coming up the stairs. I wondered what she'd say if I told her what had been happening these last two days. She'd probably say it was all my fault for being so stupid. She'd say it was typical of me, getting myself into such a mess. She'd say I deserved everything that happened to me.&nbsp; She'd probably be right.

I waited half an hour, even though Mum usually fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. I turned the light out and crept naked down the hall to the boys' bedroom, and slipped inside. The light was out, but there was enough light to see by. Both boys were awake and sitting up in bed, waiting for me. Both boys were shirtless, though I couldn't see if they had anything on under the blankets.

I went and sat on the bed beside Paul. We spoke quietly, as we didn't want Mum waking up, even though her bedroom was down the hall. 

"You've been a naughty girl, Emma, haven't you?"

"Yes, sir," I whispered, though I didn't know specifically what he was talking about. I'd definitely been naughty tonight, in about a hundred different ways.

Tommy said, "Get in the bed. Don't want you catching cold."

I got in bed between the two boys. It was quite a big bed, but we were still squeezed together, and I realized that both boys were as naked as I was. Their bodies were hot as they pressed against me. 

Tommy said, "You're our slave now, aren't you?"

I nodded and said, "Yes, sir."

"Say it."

"Yes, sir. I'm your slave."

Despite their confidence, I detected a slight reservation in the way the boys were acting., even after all they'd done to me these last two days. But once I confirmed that I was their slave, things quickly changed. I assumed they'd discussed what they were going to do to me, because Paul took my hand and placed it on his cock. It was 
already hard, as you'd expect with a 13 year old boy naked in bed with a girl. I knew what he wanted and started to slowly stroke his cock up and down, as I'd done with some of my boyfriends in the past. Paul's cock was smaller than any I'd handled before and it felt different, but I didn't let it put me off. 

Paul was breathing hard, and I knew he couldn't last long, as it was probably his first time being touched by a girl. I wasn't worried about Mum finding cum on the sheets and blankets,. as I assumed it was normal with teenage boys. 

Paul said, "Put it... in your mouth... "

I knelt up on the bed and pulled back the blankets, seeing Paul's cock in the dim light. The last time I saw it, he was peeing on me. I lowered my head and took his full length into my mouth without any trouble. I never liked sucking cock before, and took a lot of persuading to do it when my boyfriends asked. I let one boy cum in my mouth when I was at school, but I didn't like it and never let anyone do it again. I started to suck on Paul's cock, doing it slowly, taking my time.

Tommy said, "You can tell she's had a lot of experience."

I glanced up and saw that Tommy had moved around to get a better view. He was standing by the bed now and I was again amazed at the size of his cock. I guessed I'd&nbsp; be sucking on that too when I finished with Paul.

to be continued...










This is Part 3 of Emma's on-going adventures. Hope you enjoy. As always, feedback and ideas are welcome. Just e-mail me. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Emma's Descent (Part 3) by Bellatheslut.

Just as that thought entered my mind, Paul's cum entered my throat. I was amazed at how much there was, as he continued to pump it out in short spurts. He held my head down on his cock with both hands, so I had no choice but to swallow it all. Paul emptied himself into me and then let me up, smiling at me as he brushed my hair back off my face. It seemed an oddly tender moment considering I'd just given him a blow job. I could feel some of his cum dribbling down my chin.

Tommy laughed and said, "She swallowed it all. What a slut."

I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and felt shame at being called a slut by a 13 year old boy. 

Paul said, "Wow, that was the best thing ever."

Tommy was still grinning as he said, "My turn now. Come here."

I was made to kneel in front of him, on the floor. His cock was already hard, of course, and I was tempted to just grab it and start sucking on it, but I didn't want to appear too eager. Besides, I was a slave girl now, and it wasn't my place to be so bold. So I knelt before him and awaited his command.

"Okay, Emma, my slutty little slave. Don't just look at it. Put it in your mouth."

"Yes, sir... "

It felt so heavy, like the big black rubber dildo hidden in the closet. I knew I'd never get it all in my mouth, like I did with Paul's cock, as it was so much bigger and thicker. I started sucking on it and I realized it was the first black cock I ever had in my mouth. I wasn't racist or anything - I just never knew many black people. I held onto Tommy's wide hips as I felt his cock slide between my lips.

Unlike Paul, Tommy didn't seem satisfied with the slow pace I had adopted. He grabbed my hair in his hands and .held my head in place as he started to fuck my mouth with his cock. I winced at the pain, but remained silent, as Tommy used my mouth, forcing his cock deeper and deeper. I had tears in my eyes and tried not to gag as Tommy fucked my mouth hard, like he was fucking a sort of replacement pussy. He was moving his hips with greater intensity, rocking them back and forth, and I took everything without complaint, like a good little slave. I sensed Tommy was about to cum, and I guess Paul did too.

He said, "Make her swallow it all. Little Emma loves eating cum."

Tommy rammed his cock deep into my mouth one more time and held me firmly in place as his cock erupted, filling my mouth and throat with thick globs of cum. It was hard to swallow it all, but I was determined to show him that I was a good little slave. I had to breathe through my nose, and the smell of cum and Tommy's sweaty black balls filled my nostrils. I couldn't believe how much cum he had in him. 

"Ha ha," Paul said, enjoying my disconfort. "She's got about a pint of our cum in her belly. Hope it isn't fattening, cos her tits are fat enough already."

Tommy was stroking my hair, like I was a pet dog.

He said, "Better miss breakfast tomorrow, Emma. Don't want you getting too fat. Don't worry - we'll be sure you get plenty to eat. Now go to bed. We've got a big day of fun tomorrow."

I couldn't help but feel like a little girl again, being sent to bed. I returned to my room, still tasting the cum in my mouth. Once again, I started to question everything I'd done, and I knew we'd crossed a line. I had no doubt that I would be sucking cocks until the boys returned home and everything returned to normal. Except there was Mr Grimsley, who had video footage of me naked in his kitchen, and Mr Richmond, my old History teacher, who I knew would want a repeat performance of what happened in Whitton Park, and maybe more. I had an uneasy feeling that my ordeal would carry on long after Paul and Tommy left.

I woke up early and I put on the same t-shirt and old denim shorts. I'd worn last night when Mum came home. I figured Paul and Tommy might make me change again, but it would do for now. I had some coffee and toast and sat in the kitchen and wondered how it had happened that I was so easily dominated, and so willing to be controlled. Was I always like that? Had the boys just woken something in me that was always there? And now I felt as if everyone could see it, almost as if it was tattooed across my forehead. Even the way Mum looked at me now, like she could see it but doesn't quite believe it.

I sat out in the early morning sun. It was still not even seven o'clock. Sitting out in the garden reminded me that Mr Grimsley would be over later. Perhaps I could make myself scarce. Perhaps I should throw some things in a bag and get out of here right now, before things got even worse. I doubted Paul and Tommy would say anything to Mum - after all, they'd had their fun with me, and it wouldn't benefit them to rat me out. As for Mr Grimsley... I just wasn't sure. I couldn't imagine he'd give me up so easily after lusting after me for so long. But where would I go anyway?

"You're up early. Did you wet the bed?"

"No, Mum. I just couldn't sleep on that lumpy mattress."

"I see you still haven't washed up."

"I'll do it in a minute."

"That's what you always say."

"Fine. I'll do it now."

I stormed past her into the kitchen and started filling the bowl with hot water. Mum stood watching me, as if she needed to keep an eye on me to make sure it got done. She treated me like a kid sometimes. 

As I started washing up, she said, "Have you joined Women's Lib lately, Emma?"

"Mum, I'm doing the washing up. Don't make it sound like a big deal."

"Well, it is a big deal. You hardly do anything to help out around the house. But I was referring to the fact that you seem to have given up wearing bras lately. Is this some sort of fashion statement?"

"No, I... I just... "

"Maybe you think it's funny to tease those two young boys. Before they arrived, you always made a point of keeping those big melons of yours covered up."

Mum knew it embarrassed me when she referred to my breasts as melons. When I was growing up, my ever-expanding chest became a source of great humour to family and friends, and I was openly mocked and humiliated. 

Mum said, "You should find yourself a proper boyfriend instead of wasting your time showing off to schoolboys. Your friend, Suzy, never seems to be short of male admirers. Maybe you could ask her to set you up with someone."

"Mum, I'm not a kid. I can find my own boyfriends. I don't need any help."

Mum was always going on at me about finding a boyfriend, and she always ended up taking their side over me. Even when we broke up, she always blamed me, even if the guy had cheated on me, which has happened more than once. She said I must have been doing something wrong, or they wouldn't have cheated on me. I don't remember her using the same logic when Dad walked out on her, but we're not allowed to talk about that.

I did the washing up and, to show I wasn't totally useless, tidied up the front room as well. I guess I wanted something to do until Paul and Tommy woke up and I would once more be their plaything. It was weird, but I was sort of looking forward to it, and wondered what they had in store for me today. I couldn't put myself in the mind of a 13 year old boy, so I was always surprised by what they came up with for me.

Mum said, "We're almost out of milk. I'm popping down the shops."

"I'll go," I said, which clearly surprised her, as I rarely volunteered for anything. 

"Okay, and get some eggs too."

I ran upstairs and put some pink trainers on and my Mum looked at me as I came down the stairs, and said, "Are you really going out the house looking like that?"

Compared to what I was wearing last night, my t-shirt and shorts combination was practically a nun's habit. So I ignored her criticism and waited while she got some money out of her purse.

"Just milk and eggs?" I asked.

"Are you sure you don't want me to write it down for you?" she said.

"Mum, I'm not a kid. I can remember milk and eggs."

The shops were at the end of Winfield Road. There was a newsagent, a mini supermarket, and a charity shop. The first two were both owned by the same Pakistani family. My plan was to get the milk and eggs and then make a detour to Mr Grimsley's house to somehow get him to give me the video tape and make sure he didn't say anything about last night to my Mum when he came over later. I wasn't very confident of doing either, but I had to do something. 

As well as the milk and eggs, I bought two scratchcards with Mum's money. I figured I'd pay her back when I got home. I didn't win anything, though. Maybe one day...

Mr Grimsley was out in his back garden, doing something in the greenhouse. 

"Good morning, Emma. What a lovely surprise."

"I need that video tape," I said. "Did you show it to anyone?"

"Of course, and they all loved it. You're a natural. In fact, they asked me if I could get some more. I told them it shouldn't be a problem. It's not going to be a problem, is it, Emma?"

"Mr Grimsley... "

"Uncle Ted, remember?"

"Um, Uncle Ted... What happened last night... "

"I always knew you were a dirty girl, Emma. Even when you were a little kid. Being a policeman for so long, I can spot the type. You try to act all sweet and innocent, but you have a wild side that can't be controlled."

I bit my lip, wondering if he was right. 

"Um, Uncle Ted. Can I have the video tape please?"

Mr Grimsley smiled and said, "Oh, now I understand. You want to show it to your friends. That's okay. I've copied it onto my computer anyway. Come on inside. I'll get it for you."

I was wary of going back inside Mr Grimsley's house after last night, but I followed him anyway. I knew it was pointless having the video tape if he'd copied it and already shown it to his friends, but somehow it felt comforting to have the original. And I admit I was intrigued to watch it myself, even though it was embarrassing to think about it.
 
He came down and handed me the tape. 

"Thank you, Uncle Ted."

I wanted to ask him who he'd shown the video to, but I was scared. Maybe it would be better not to know. I was about to ask him not to mention my visit last night to Mum, but he interrupted my thoughts. 

Mr Grimsley looked at me and said, "Well, I can see you're still not wearing a bra, Emma. The question is, do you have any knickers on?"

"Yes," I said. 

"Really?"

"Uh, no... "

Why did I say that? What was wrong with me? 

Mr Grimsley grinned at me and said, "Well, is it yes or is it no? I suppose there's one way we can find out, isn't there?"

"Please... Uncle Ted... "

"Wait a minute. Let me get my camera."

And, like an idiot, I just stood there, while he went for his video camera. I should have run, I should have got out of there, but I didn't. I was still in the exact same spot when he returned.

"Good girl," he said, already raising the camera to film me. "Now, let's have those shorts off."

"Uncle Ted... please don't tell my Mum I came over... last night or today... "

He ignored me and just kept filming me, and I started undoing my shorts and pulling down the zip. My pubes came into view as I slipped my shorts down my legs, letting them fall around my ankles. 

"Lift up your shirt, Emma. It's in the way."

I did it slowly, but did it anyway, until it was held just below my breasts. At Mr Grimsley's signal, I spun around, stepping out of my shorts first. It dawned on me that I'd come here to try and stop him showing my video, and now I was letting him make another one. I seemed to be under some sort of spell. Or maybe I was just plain stupid.

"Take off your shirt, Emma, and show us your big tittys."

I lacked any will to resist. My shirt came off and I dropped it on top of my shorts. Mr Grimsley told me to jump up on the counter again, and I did it almost without thinking. He told me to kick off my shoes and I did. He told me to spread my legs and I did.

"Uh, Uncle Ted... I have to get back soon... Mum's expecting me... "

If he heard me, he didn't show it. He was backing up and moving around, getting me from different angles, and then he opened the fridge door with his spare hand and fumbled behind him until he found what he was looking for. He tossed the cucumber to me, and I caught it.

"Put that in your cunt."

I don't know what shocked me more - the casual use of the word 'cunt' or the fact that he seriously wanted me to use it as a&nbsp; dildo. I had, of course, experimented with such things in my younger days - bananas, carrots, hairbrush handles, and even a screwdriver handle - but never a cucumber, and never in front of anyone.

"Come along, Emma. We don't have all day."
 
What could I do? As much as I hated doing this, I felt there was no way out for me. The cucumber was still cold from the fridge. I looked at Mr Grimsley, at the lust on his face. He knew with absolute certainty that I would succumb to his demands. Wasn't I sitting here naked because he'd demanded it?&nbsp; 

"Don't fuck about, Emma. I'm sure you've had bigger things than that in your cunt." 

I didn't know what to do. If I refused, Mr Grimsley still had video of me naked, and he could still cause me a lot of trouble with my Mum, who was probably already wondering what was taking me so long. With trembling hands I moved the cucumber until it was pressing against my pussy. God, I was already wet. What was wrong with me?

Mr Grimsley moved closer. I imagined how it must have looked to him as he filmed me sliding the cucumber into my wet pussy. I felt shame, but couldn't deny it was turning me on too, as I felt it stretching my pussy, opening me up. I moaned softly as I pushed it deeper and deeper.

"That's a good little slut. Yeah, you like that. Now fuck yourself with it and tell Uncle Ted what a dirty little girl you are."

I held the cucumber by the tip, burying as much as I could deep in my pussy. I hadn't had anything this big in my pussy for a while and it felt so good. I started sliding it in and out, slowly, enjoying the feel of it as it moved inside me. I no longer cared that Mr Grimsley was filming me or that he would show this to his friends. All I cared about was fucking myself and the orgasm I knew was not far away.

"Tell Uncle Ted and your viewers how much you're enjoying this, Emma."

"I... I love it... Uncle Ted... I love to... fuck myself... Oh God... "

"Put it in your mouth, Emma. Suck it like you're going to suck my cock."

I was so close to cumming, but I pulled it out of my wet pussy and put it into my mouth without hesitating. I sucked on it eagerly, tasting my own juices, thinking back to last night, when I sucked on Tommy's cock. I was aware of Mr Grimsley moving around, getting a better view of it sliding in and out of my mouth. 

"On your knees, girl. Let's see how you do with the real thing."

If anyone told me two days ago that I'd be staring at Mr Grimsley's cock, I'd have laughed in their face. I would have been horrified at the thought of it. I had never seen a cock belonging to anyone over 25 and I assumed an old man like Mr Grimsley would have a shrivelled up cock, but I was wrong. It wasn't the biggest I'd ever seen, but it was a good size, and surprisingly thick too. His dirty old gardening trousers were down around his knees, along with some white y-fronts that had seen better days.

"Let's go, little girl. Uncle Ted's waiting... "

He was still filming me. I hopped down off the counter and fell to my knees in front of him, on the tiled floor. I still had the cucumber in my hand. I started to insert it back into my pussy, but Mr Grimsley stopped me.

"No. There'll be no pleasure for you until you've finished pleasuring me. Understood?"

I nodded and put down the cucumber, but Mr Grimsley said, "I want to hear you say it, Emma."

I looked up into the camera and said, "Yes, Uncle Ted. I understand... "

I took hold of Mr Grimsley's cock and started sucking on it. An unpleasant odour filled my nostrils, of sweat and stale pee, but I didn't let it put me off. I sucked on his cock as eagerly as I'd sucked on the cucumber, taking it deep in my mouth, feeling the tip brush against my throat. I was sucking my third cock in two days and I knew now that this was my place in life, to please men, to follow their commands, to do what I was told. Naked, on my knees, with a cock in my mouth.

"I see you've done this before."

Mr Grimsley was still filming me from above as I sucked on his cock. I should have felt disgusted, but I got a special thrill out of being filmed, knowing strange men would be entertained by my degradation. Mr Grimsley was making a lot of noise as I sucked his cock, and I knew he liked it. I held onto his flabby bum with both hands as I moved my head back and forth along the length of his cock. 

"Okay... stop... I want to cum on your face... "

I was slightly disappointed, as I wanted to swallow Mr Grimsley's cum, but I took his cock out of my mouth and started stroking it quickly, knowing he wasn;t going to last much longer. Mr Grimsley took over at the last minute, so that he could aim it at my face, and I closed my eyes as he coated my face with his warm sticky cum. I could feel it dripping from my nose and chin. I licked my lips, tasting his cum, thinking how much more bitter it was than the boys' cum last night, but loving it anyway. 

"I always knew you were a dirty slut," Mr Grimsley said, still filming me.

I blinked my eyes open, trying to see through the strands of cum that hung from my eyelashes.. I could feel his cum dripping down my chin, dropping down onto my bare breasts. It felt warm against my skin. I was surprised an old ,man could produce so much. the smell of his cum filled my nostrils.

"Clean my cock with your tongue, slut."

I did it, of course, more eagerly than I would have expected. The whole time, Mr Grimsley kept the camera focused on me, filming my every move. I even licked his big hairy balls.

"I think my friends are going to enjoy this," he said. "You'd better get going, Emma. Your mother will wonder what happened to you."

I stood up on shaky legs. The cucumber lay on the floor, and I realized I still hadn't cum. But I knew it would have to wait, as I had to get home. I reached for a tea towel to wipe the cum off my face and tits but Mr Grimsley stopped me.

"Don't use that. Come with me."

He took my hand and practically dragged me out the back door. I tried to resist, but he was much bigger and stronger than I was. I couldn't believe he was dragging me outside naked. I couldn't be seen by his neighbours because of the high fences at this end of the garden, but there was a block of flats that could be seen at the end of the garden, which I knew were on Albion Road, opposite the Red Lion pub. It was six stories high, and I knew there was a good chance someone was watching me right now.

Mr Grimsley pushed me up against the wall and I stared in horror as he picked up the end of a hose pipe and started turning on the water. 

"This should clean you off," he said, smiling as he aimed the nozzle at me.

I let out a loud shreik as the jet of water hit me hard, and I was shocked at how cold it was. I was also unprepared for how powerful it was as it almost knocked me off my feet. Mr Grimsley hosed me down, and I stood there and let him, wanting it to be over with quickly. At least he left the video camera indoors. Even though most of his cum was on my face, he seemed to take great delight in soaking my tits and pubes. If anyone was watching from the flats, they must have wondered what was going on, seeing a naked girl being hosed down by an old man in his back garden. Mr Grimsley even made me turn around, and insisted on me leaning forward against the wall and spreading my legs, so he hose down my pussy as well. 

When he'd finally finished, Mr Grimsley said, "You're still a dirty girl, Emma, but at least you're a clean dirty girl now. Stay here and I'll get something to dry you off with."

So I stood there, dripping wet, with my back to the block of flats. The morning sun hadn't reached around this far and it was chilly in the shade. I was shaking like a leaf. At least my hair had been spared most of the soaking, although it was still wet in places.

Mr Grimsley returned with a small hand towel. He threw it at me and said he was going upstairs to show his friends the latest video.

"Just let yourself out," he said. "Tell your Mum I'll be over later, to check on my roses, and see how my tomatoes are getting on.."

So Mr Grimsley left me to dry myself off with a ridiculously small towel. I did the best I could and then went back into the kitchen to get dressed. I took the video from last night with me, even though I knew Mr Grimsley already had an even dirtier one now, showing me fucking myself with a cucumber and sucking his cock. What was happening to me?

"You took your time," Mum said. "I thought you'd gone to China."

"No, I... I just got talking to, um, Mr Grimsley. He wanted to show me his... uh... cucumbers."

"Where's my change? I know what you're like."

I handed her the money and she said, "Where's the rest?"

"Oh, sorry. I bought a couple of scratchcards. Don't worry, I'll pay you back."

"I've heard that one before. What's the video?"

"Oh, just a film Suzy taped for me. I saw her in the shop, and she just happened to have it with her. She was going to pop round with it later."

"What is it? Is it something the boys will like? I was thinking of taking them to the video shop later, anyway. Playing on that computer for hours on end can't be good for them."

"No, it's... um.... a romantic comedy. Nothing they'd watch."

"Well, maybe we can watch it later, when the boys are in bed. I could do with a bit of romance in my life."

"Um, okay... "

I went upstairs to my room. The door to the boys' room was closed and I guessed they were still asleep. I thought I'd go and get my dildo out of the closet and finish off what Mr Grimsley's cucumber had started, but I was wary of waking the boys. I decided to use my hairbrush handle instead, even though it was a poor substitute. But before I could do anything, Paul appeared, looking bleary-eyed, wearing Spider-man underpants.

"Good morning, Emma."

"Good morning, sir," I said quietly. 

"I need to pee. Get undressed and get in the bath."

I was scared Mum would come up, but I could smell the bacon and knew she was preparing breakfast. I followed Paul into the bathroom and quickly undressed, as all I had on was what I'd worn to the shops. Paul told me to hurry, as his bladder was full and he didn't want to wet himself. He was desperate to pee, as he was hopping up and down, and fidgeting. I climbed into the bath and knelt down, as before. Paul hadn't even bothered closing the bathroom door.

"Open your mouth."

I did as I was told. I was so used to obeying commands now, I did it almost automatically. Paul pushed his underpants down around hisw knees and began peeing into my open mouth. I swallowed what I could, but there was so much of it, it was impossible to swallow it all. I was in danger of choking on it, there was so much. Every once in a while, Paul would aim his pee in my face or down on my bare breasts, which at least offered some relief. 

When he'd finally finished, he smiled at me and said, "Stay there. Tommy will be out in a minute." He pulled up his pants and left me there.

I thought of turning the shower on and washing some of Paul's pee off me, but what was the point? Then I heard Mum's voice calling up the stairs.

"Emma, get the boys up. Breakfast is ready."

I shouted back, "Okay, Mum."

I just stayed where I was, kneeling in the bath. Paul poked his head around the door.

"Remember, Emma. No breakfast for you today."

I'd already had some toast earlier, but I didn't say anythung about that. I heard Paul run downstairs and then Tommy came in. 

"Lay on your back and open your mouth."

Then he said, "Spread your legs. Show me your cunt."

He took out his cock and started peeing on me, moving slowly from my face to my pussy and back up again, and I just lay there and let him get on with it. As he pulled up his jeans and left me there, I again wondered how I'd gotten myself into a situation where I was letting two 13 year old boys pee on me any time they wanted. I stood up and tuned on the shower, washing away the boy's urine.

Mum shouted up, "Emma, your breakfast is getting cold."

"I'm not hungry," I shouted back.

I closed and locked the bathroom door and looked at myself in the mirror and wondered what I'd become. I still looked the same as I had two days ago, but so much had changed. I was now a slave to two 13 year old boys and a sexual plaything to Mr Grimsley. The weird thing was that I should have hated what they were all doing to me, but somehow I liked being told what to do, though I didn't understand why. I was scared of what Paul and Tommy would make me do, but I was excited by the not knowing. Had they already planned today's activities or did they just make it up as they went along? I was also scared that Mum would find out. How long could we keep this up before she caught us? We'd been lucky so far, but I knew it couldn't last. 

I put my t-shirt and shorts on and went downstairs. My breakfast hadn't gone to waste, as Paul and Tommy had shared it out between them. 

Mum said, "Another shower? Hot water doesn't grow on trees you know."

I realized that that was my fourth shower today, if you count being peed on twice and hosed down once. 

Paul said, "Good morning, Emma. You're looking pretty today."

Tommy said, "We're going to the park to play football later. Do you want to come, Emma?"

I knew it was an order, not a request, so I said, "Sure, okay... "

Mum gave me a look but didn't say anything. The boys were grinning.

Mum said, "If you're starting another diet, Emma, you can at least warn me. If the boys weren't here, I'd have had to throw good food away."

"No, Mum, I'm not on a diet. I just didn't feel hungry today, that's all."

Mum was always hinting that I should diet, even though I didn't need to. I could maybe lose a couple of pounds here and there, but I wasn't in any way fat. Besides, she was the one who kept feeding me fried breakfasts and other fattening meals.

The two boys finished their breakfast and ran upstairs.

Mum said, "Since when did you start playing football?"

"I'm not playing football. I just thought it would be nice to go to the park. At least the boys won't be stuck in front of the computer screen all day."

"I suppose that's something."

When I went upstairs, Paul and Tommy were playing on the computer. 

Tommy said, "Suck my cock."

"Yes, sir... "

But as I dropped to my knees in front of him, he said, "Get naked first, you dumb slut."

So I did. I knelt between Tommy's thighs and sucked his cock while he carried on playing his gane.

Paul said, "We're going to have so much fun today, Emma. I even called Mr Richmond, and he's going to be there too."

Inside, I groaned, but my pussy was already wet with excitement at what was to come.


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;to be continued...



 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Bellatheslut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





