BDSM Library - A Trip




A Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Girls trip to see her new owner for first time, travel plans change.






Trip to Visit Master

She could barely sleep the night before. Her bags were packed perfectly. Every outfit planned. All panty-less of course. Her ticket placed on the counter with her eyes, ready to drive to the air port the next morning. Her suit case, carry on and purse on the kitchen floor next to them ready to be carried out. Her outfit for the next day laid out and ready to be put on. He had instructed her to wear a semi-dangerously short dress, with no panties of course. She woke up before her alarm went off the next morning. Her nervousness and excitement barely containable. She showered, a smile on her face the whole time thinking of him. She wondered if she'd even be able to hold back from kissing him the minute she saw him. She got ready quickly and headed to the airport. She parked in the far off lot for staying cars and made her way to the terminal, bag rolling behind her. She kept her free hand close to her dress so the wind didn't catch it. She checked her ticket and got in line at the appropriate counter. She smiled brightly as she handing the woman her ticket and passport. She bites her bottom lip thinking about the fact that she's about to go get on a plane to visit someone who could be in her future forever. Then... she hears the woman at the counter. "Ma'am? This ticket is for an animal." Lost in a confused stare, she finally speak, "What? For an animal? That can't be so." The lady at the counter confirms it was in fact a ticket for an animal. The girl steps out of line and just stands there staring out it. Surely Steven meant to get her a normal ticked and clicked animal by accident. Surely. She stood there, lost in thoughts, thinking of all the times she'd been his pet. Fetching things on her hands and knees, eating things off the floor, edging for him on her hands and knees and even the barking. She tingled a bit as she thought of the possibility that her Dominant man could have -meant- to do this. She pulled out her phone, contemplating on whether to see if he was on skype or gtalk. She checked. He wasn't there. She left him an offline simply saying, "do you know?" She looked at the time and knew she'd miss the flight if she waited all day for him to respond. There was no way she was missing her chance to visit him! And when he'd so graciously bought her a ticket and wanted her to come?! She smiled at the thought. "Okay," she said and walked outside the airport. She stepped far enough away so the outside checky people couldn't hear. She dialed the airport, "Um, yes. I have a question. Is it possible for someone to ship a pet by flight? See I'm in... Scotland. And I've decided to stay here and... um.. my dog was at home with a sitter. Can an animal travel without their owner by flight?" She pauses listening to the lady's answer. "Oh okay, must be in a kennel, very well. Well um.. the sitter can't bring her. Is there any kind of service that could pick her up, say if she was left outside in the kennel?" She pauses, listening again. "Okay, that's wonderful. Can someone pick her up at 200 South Capital Street Clinton in about an hour?" Another slight pause. "Thank you so much. You might want to make a note to those picking her up that she's a really heavy dog." 

The girl rushes home, speeding in her car. On the way home she plots everything out. Stopping by Pet Smart to get the biggest kennel she could find. Nothing was going to stop her from meeting Steven. Talking to herself in the car, "Okay, I'll have to bark some, to make it realistic. I won't be able to bring my suitcase. Maybe I can stuff a few outfits in the kennel with me. Steven will let me use his shampoo and stuff. He better! After putting me through this. Even though the thoughts of humiliation began to flood her, she couldn't help but smile at how much he loved to stretch her and teach her. She got home and placed the kennel outside, putting a blanket over it, stapling the sides together so they'd be less likely to take it off. She rumbled through her suit case stuffing a few dresses in the kennel so she'd have something to wear in Scotland. She looked down at it, looked at her phone and realized they'd be here any minute. She took a big breath and climbed in, latching the door shut. She laughed at the insanity. "I cannot believe I'm doing this." She bit down on her bottom lip, utterly embarrassed. She forced herself to practice a bark. She laughed again nervously. She heard the car pull up and stop and her body went rigid and she felt as though she might be sick. She heard the foot steps nearly closer and she shook a little. "Bark, bark," she thought to herself. "You have to!" As she saw a hand reach for the blanket she barked like crazy, trying to sound as much like a dog as possible. "It must have worked," she thought, as she didn't see anyone remove the blanket to peek in. Little did she know the two men outside the cage were certain it wasn't a dog bark and contemplating what the heck was going on. One man squatted down and peeked in. She closed her eyes when they made eye contact and opened them when she heard the voice of the other laughing peeking from the other side. Her bottom would be slightly exposed in the short dress. She looked back at the man who was just looking at her with an amused look. "Look, I know this is crazy, she said. "But please, please just take me to the air port and keep me covered up. My Mast.. boyfriend in Scotland finally paid for me a ticket to come visit him, but he accidentily (though she knew it wasn't an accident) got me a ticket for an animal instead. It's too late to change it now. If I miss the flight I may never get to meet him. Please, please just let me go," she pleaded. The one man looked at the other and they smirked. "You seem desperate, like you'd do anything, even act like an animal in a dog kennel to go," he said. "I am! Yes I am," I'd do anything, just let me go. He nodded and then to his partner and they picked up the kennel and put her in the back of the van. 

She expected to hear the doors shut and then open again in the front, but instead she just heard the back door shut and realized both men where in the back when one removed the blanket. She looked up to see both of their cocks exposed. She immediately looked down and started to shake a little. "No, no, no." She whispered. One man heard, "No?," I thought you do anything to get to see your boyfriend. Should we leave you here then?" "No, please!" She instantly belted out. "I will do anything," she said softly, eyes on the ground. She closed her eyes and said a prayer that they wouldn't take her virginity. She had saved it for Steven, and it had to be his. The next thing she knew she felt a cock on her lips, pressed against the cage, and one pressing against her bum. "Open!," one man belted out. She instantly opened her mouth and began to suck his cock, she screamed out down on his cock and she felt the other cock enter her virgin ass hole. Tears rolled down her face as the two men used her. She cried from pain, but also at the thought of having to tell Steven that her mouth and ass were no longer virgin holes for him. They seemed to be more driven by her tears and sobs, only pushing harder, she gagged, he was relentless, chocking her until drool ran down her mouth, sloppy and dirty, just like that of a dog. That time it didn't last long, long enough for each of them to cum, both squirting it all over to make her even more messy, they must have been excited by the force and situation. "Don't want you to miss your flight," the one said. "Be a good little bitch and stay quiet," the other said, "and we'll get you on the plane."

They drove fast, she couldn't see anything, they had recovered the kennel. She folder her arms against the ground and jsut began to weep. That was definitely not how she imagined either of those things happening for the first time. It was supposed to be with the one, it was supposed to be with Steven. She pulled her self together when she felt the car stop and the doors open, before pulling her out the told her to be silent. The carried her and she felt them stop, speaking to someone saying they had special order and permission to personally deliver and ride with the dog on the plane. 'Why isn't it barking," the lady asked. "Oh, we sedated her a little, she gets really nervous with strangers the owner said.' The lady started to reach for the blanket to peek and the guy kicked the kennel. The girl took it as a sign to bark and barked the most realisticly she could. The lady stepped away, it worked. 

She started hearing other animals bark and realized she must be in the back of the plain where the animals belong. She lay there still, silent. She heard the door close and relaxed a little, but only momentarily. The blanket was taken off and the man yelled at her to strip. She took off her clothes, in the cage naked, in nothing but the collar Steven had mailed her, the private one. He had instructed her to wear that one on her way for all people to see. It was very much a dog-like collar. The men took turns switching places from her ass to mouth using her body to pleasure themselves. Apparently&nbsp; they had no interest in her pussy, she was glad for once that someone didn't know she was a virgin. I'm sure the assumed any woman willing to get in a cage to meet a boy must be a loose slut. She closed her eyes, thinking of Steven. She'd at least have the pleasure of thinking about her love while these men raped her, treating her like a dog. In between one of the breaks they took to establish erection again, they heard her stomach growl. "Oh, is the bitch hungry?" They asked her. She didn't speak, just reachign to hold her stomach. The brought two dog bowls one with water and one with dog food. "Eat!," he demanded. "I.. I'm not hungry," she whispered. "Liar, eat," he said again. "EAT!," the other one barked. She reached her hand forward and started to pick up a piece of the food to smell it. "Like a bitch!," the other said. She slowly leaned her head forward and leaned her face into the bowl. She gagged a little. The smell was awful,. one she only associated with animals. She pressed her lips to the food, reluctantly opening her mouth to take a piece in. She tongue one piece, tryign to get it into her mouth. Failing, she pushed her entire face down grabbing a piece finally. She slowly chewed on it, gagging a little at first and then realizing it wasn't nearly as bad as it smelled. Disgusting though. She felt so dirty and degraded. She thought about Steven and how it would feel to be in his arms for the first time. She chewed a few more pieces, not being able to handle much more, and then lapped at the water. 

They would use her several more times before the plane arrived. Never allowing her to sleep. Every time they'd spray their cum on her, her body getting more disgusting each time. They'd cover her back up when the plane landed, leaving her naked in the cage. They'd walk the cage down to baggage and leave her there, assuming her "owner" would collect her. They didn't stay, not knowing what kind of man he was and how he'd react knowing what they'd done to his girlfriend. She just sat there. Shivering, silent, hoping no one else would no one else would peak and see her so exposed, dirty, humiliated. Little did she know Steven was there, in the air port, just waiting for every one else to leave. The girl started to cry, panic setting in and the dear that Steven wouldn't show up for her. And then she heard footsteps hearing the cage. She frooze, filled with hope, but fear that it might not be him. She heard the man lean down and then the soft whisper in the angelic, perfect voice and accent, "hello My slut." 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  KingsCross


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





