BDSM Library - Piss Party




Piss Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Her master throws a pissing party for his friends where his toy will be used and abused.






She breathed in deeply, trying to steady her nerves for the night ahead. He had told her of his plans months in advance, giving her time to both mentally prepare and at the same time to suffer the anticipation and fear, but it had still come around too soon.

The week before, he had her write out invitations for the evening for all of his friends. Each one had been asked to bring with them a bottle of their urine, and nothing else. Drinks would be fully provided, paid for by herself. He loved the extra humiliation of forcing her to play such an active role in her abuse.

As she prepared the room she felt herself falling deeper and deeper into the mindset he wanted her in for the evening ahead. She set out entertainment ready - extreme DVDs only available via *very* underground channels - and stocked the fridge fully with cans of beer. At the other end of the room she covered the area with thick black plastic sheeting and set up the whipping bench, attaching restraints ready. The equipment he had specified was set out, and she shivered as her gaze landed briefly on the items, knowing that all too soon she would be on the receiving end.

When all was ready she stripped , buckled on her restraints, and pulled the snug, thickly lined leather punishment hood on. She clicked padlocks in place on every strap that bound her, imprisoning herself in the claustrophobic prison she both feared and loved, knowing that the only set of keys was on his keyring. Finally, she carefully climbed onto the bench, placing her limbs in the cradles that fit her just so, and settled down to await his return...

~~~

The click of the door opening snapped her out of her reverie and her breath hitched in her throat, panicking briefly that the footsteps she heard might belong not to him but to any stranger, and they could find her here spread, exposed, and made nearly helpless by the hood she had no means of removing. But she relaxed as soon as she felt the familiar warm hands caressing her and the soothing sound of his voice.

"Good girl. You followed my instructions to the letter." he said, his hands stroking slowly down her back, feeling the shivers and goosebumps that betrayed her nerves. "Are you ready?".

She paused, then nodded her head mutely, knowing that if she said no she must have a good reason... a REAL reason... or else she would be punished harshly later.

Without another word he set to completing her restraint. She already knew his plans - that the purpose of the party would be to humiliate and degrade her so utterly that she would become even in her own eyes just an object for his pleasure. But the idea still terrified her and she couldn't help the quiet whimpers that bubbled from her chest.

The shock of the slap took her by surprise. Even though the thickly padded hood absorbed all the sting she could still feel every bit of the impact of his hand, and she felt herself flying into the headspace he wanted and needed her in. Through the haze she briefly noted that he hadn't said anything to admonish her, knowing that lack of verbal communication was just another way of emphasising her status as an object. The silence continued as he filled her mouth with a cock shaped gag, fixed in place with another padlock. Her limbs were strapped down to the bench which kept her in a doggy position - on all fours, legs spread, her cunt on display. Extra straps around her torso, upper arms, thighs and neck were buckled tightly, fixing her so immovably in place that she could barely move a muscle. She felt the pressure of him slowly pushing a plug into her ass and inflating it to form a complete seal, and the final humiliation of him slowly pushing a catheter tube into her urethra. Then nothing - without another word he left the room, leaving her alone, exposed and shivering in anticipation of the evening ahead.

~~~

Some time later she heard the muffled noise of a car pulling up in the driveway, followed by another and another, and as the men entered the room the sounds of their talk and laughter. She hung her head in shame at her position, grateful for the hood which spared her having to look in the eye any of his friends. She knew all too well how much they could see of her; her cunt and ass on display like a dog in heat, ready for whatever they chose to do to her. Of course, she knew that he would never allow anyone to seriously harm her, but she also knew how it affected him to see her screaming in pain, welted and bruised. She briefly wondered if he might allow the other men to beat her, but the thought was pushed from her mind when she felt his hands running over her naked, helpless body.

"I hope you all enjoy using my cunt tonight.". His initial words sparked fear into her and she whimpered, knowing there would be little rest for her for the next few hours.

"I want her to receive every drop of piss that you need to expel tonight - whether that's over her body, into her ass, or into her willing mouth. While she could never admit to it in public, nor take it willingly, my cunt dreams about being used as a toilet by a group of men - and I want to satisfy that desire."

"You can see that she is completely helpless in her bondage already, but I've been waiting for you all to arrive before adding the final equipment. I think she would like to know you were all watching me prepare her for your piss."

She heard quiet movements around her and gentle tugs. While she couldn't see anything, she knew what he was doing from what she'd prepared earlier; attaching both the funnel and catheter tube to her gag, and the long tube which joined the butt plug to the large glass cylindrical container suspended above. Her cheeks burned in shame under the hood, feeling their eyes roving over her naked form, and she whimpered, seeking reassurance but getting none. In silence he ran his hands over her body, checking all the straps were secure and tight and that she had no opportunity for movement whatsoever. Finally he moved off and she heard him settling down with his friends to watch a movie, leaving her once again alone, exposed and in darkness.

~~~

She was pulled out of her trance like state with a jump when she felt the sudden pressure of liquid rushing into her ass. She knew exactly what this was - the bottles of piss each friend had been asked to bring, saved over the day and together adding up to a brutal amount for an enema. It was poured in slowly, but relentlessly, and she whimpered first in discomfort and then pain as her belly struggled to accomodate the sheer volume being forced into it. She felt his unmistakeable touch, his hands running over her stomach, soothing and comforting while he induced this agony deep inside her.

The flow was unrelenting and she began to whimper in earnest as the pressure increased, her intenstines filling, her belly distending until she looked as if she was carrying a baby. After what seemed like hours the flow finally tapered off, leaving her moaning as the first painful cramps hit her, increasing in intensity until she was gasping through the gag filling her mouth, unable to do much more as the spasms racked her helpless body.

She was dimly aware of the men moving around her, laughing and joking, talking amongst themselves but unable to distinguish exactly what was being said. Her mind felt hazy, deep within the protective bubble that she fell into when he used her this way, but she was still fully aware of the first warm stream hitting her, swiftly joined by another and another until she knew most of the men in the room were pissing over her tightly bound body. It felt as if they hit every inch of her skin with the warm, stinking streams of piss, and then she was left alone and shivering, the liquid trickling down her breasts, stomach and ass and puddling on the floor beneath her.

She was left alone with her thoughts for a while - her belly cramping agonisingly, the piss of the men drying on her, and her mind sank deeper and deeper into 'cunt headspace', as he liked to call it ... that point where she knew nothing but her status as a piece of meat for his amusement. It barely shocked her when she felt the first warm trickle of piss flooding her mouth, the sour taste so familiar to her from her daily use as her his toilet. She felt his hands once again protectively stroking her head through the hood encasing her head, and with effort was able to make out his whispered words of encouragement and ownership, while all the time her throat filled with his piss, the unrelenting stream choking and suffocating her, giving her just enough time to take in gasps of air between bursts. She had barely registered that his flow had stopped before another man took over, followed by another and another, each as instructed giving her less air than she needed as they filled her stomach mercilessly with their piss.

Her body was overwhelmed with the sensations battering her; the deep, agonising spasms of her belly, the unrelenting pressure of her full stomach, and the sharp pain of her bladder, which was filling by the minute with the constant stream of liquids being administered. Her head began to pound and her lungs burnt, desperate for air as the unrelenting flow from the men using her continued. The last thing she felt was the sudden rush of her bladder emptying, flooding down the tube directly into her helpless mouth, filling her stomach to bursting point with her own piss as her mind and body crumpled under the assault and she fell into unconsciousness.

~~~

She came to later as he was releasing her from her bonds. His guests had left and he had slowly drained the liquid from her abused body, allowing her mind to take refuge in a nearly comatose state. He gently removed the plugs filling her, unbuckling the straps holding her in place. Finally, the hood was removed, the lights in the room dimmed for her sensitised eyes. When she was fully conscious he helped her to her feet, taking her to the warm bath he had prepared, his gentle hands cleansing her before drying her off and taking her to bed - his warm, safe arms holding her as she drifted off to sleep.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:    bondagebrat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





