BDSM Library - Dog slave Show




Dog slave Show
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Forcing male slaves to compete in a slave Pet Show at a Female Supremacist event. This is a party where slaves are considered lower than actual doggies. They are forced to transform into animals, and then must do all sorts of humiliating and disgusting things to themselves and one another to prove they are a champion. These ladies will not show any mercy






(Dog Show)
Goddess Samantha&nbsp; is putting on an erotic filled Femdom party. At the beginning all six male slaves are placed in dog cages yet not considered to be worthy to be pets where about be participants in an event that was going taken place, "The Dog Show". It was an exciting event anticipated and enjoyed by the Ladies (except for the slaves who are the miserable dogs). It results in total degradation and humiliation of the poor participants and its particularly exciting when male slaves are first entrants, as it was in their case. Since they didn't know what to expect, their misery and anxiety where heightening.

The event was going to be held out in the backyard of the mansion, which was spacious and very private. Already two beautiful German shepherds resided out they&#8217;re along with occasionally slaves out their performing canine training conducted by these devotees of male dominance. Each show consisted of six slaves and each one to be considered dogs. It was truly a dog show, with judges carefully evaluating the performance and voting on who gets the Blue Ribbon for best in the show.

The event began with each dog /slave with his Mistress was to "prep' a slave/dog for the show. First, each of the dogs must put on a long-sleeve, very clingy turtleneck garment made of stretch lycra. The sleeve ends in a pair of mittens (no fingers) which are shaped like dog's paws. The outside is covered with long hairs to give the appearance of a shaggy doo. The inside is lined with horribly itchy, scratchy burlap and horsehair whose purpose is only to add to the discomfort and misery of the dogs. There are two small openings to allow the nipples to allow their nipples to be bared. On their legs were wearing open-crouch pantyhose made of the same stretchy material and lined similarly. The bottoms are also mitten-like and shaped like paws. A long, hairy tail is inserted up their asses and held in by the means of some straps and VERY tight. A constrictive cock cage made of metal and leather, and having very sharp spikes is fitted around their cock and balls. This was to prevent them from having any unauthorized erections, yet allowing the tip of their cocks to be exposed for urinating. Electric shock devices was attached their balls, which each Mistress can shock her dog by a remote control device. On their heads is a very tight, constricting cap, like a bathing cap, also covered with long shaggy hair which comes down to cover their eyes, making it difficult to see. 

To complete the outfit, each man had to wear a rubber snout on his nose, which had been left for a week in stale, putrid piss and it gave off a horrible odor, and metal-studded leash was fasten tightly over their turtleneck covered collars. Just wearing the outfit is in itself a miserable, degradation. Just seeing the poor men, dressed like shaggy dogs, crawling all fours and barking was great entertainment. It was an event that we all never forget, however, for the lucky and fortunate women; it's nothing but great fun. After they were 'prep', the Mistress put their slaves inside the big dog cages located in the back yard.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The show began with six young beautiful women entering the room and circled the cage twice. They were the Mistress for these dogs/slaves in this "Dog Show" that afternoon. They were dressed provocatively in very short leather mini-skirts, with white low-cut silk blouses, black stockings held up by garter-belts, skimpy black panties and high heels. Each Mistress had the use of a leather paddle and their remote control shocks, which can be adjusted for various intensities of shocks. The use of the electric devices was the most entertaining for the audience. Since the cock cages are mostly metal, the application of the prod to the cage results in electric shocks generated all over the dog's cock and testicles resulting in the most amusing reaction and behavior on the part of the poor recipients. But there is more about that later.

Each trainer went to their assigned dog and opened their cages. And led them on all fours into the main show area, (the backyard) by leash for the opening ceremonies the judges where high officials of Society of Female Supremacy and audience where guests of the party. There about twenty-five attractive looking women in attendance for this show. All of them were into the art of subjugation of the male. They all took delight in the humiliation and degradation of the lowly man and the dog show was great fun for all them. They all came dressed in various outfits, but most stripped to bras, bikinis, and pantyhose or other sexy lingerie for their comfort as well as to sexually arouse the poor dogs. The audience was important in that they are judges they decide who get the Blue Ribbon as the best dog on the various events. There is also audience participation which adds fun for all (except for the poor dogs). In addition the two German shepherds often part of the show, interacted with the slaves, the show's participants.

The judges watched the dog/slaves carefully and point where scored for how well the dog heels to his trainer. Next the dogs had to demonstrate their expertise in canine qualities. This includes them crawling around, sniffing the ground and lifting their hind leg and peeing next to a makeshift fire hydrant! They also had to demonstrate how well we sound like a dog. With a lot of barking, whimpering, growling, yelping, etc. Each dog had to show great enthusiasm to score points. Often the trainers would encourage the dogs with a good whack of their paddles. Other where tasks to perform such as rolling over, fetching a bone, and wagging their tails, etc. A key part of the show was how well they could interact with the two German shepherds. This means sniffing the German shepherds asshole and genital area while wagging their tails. Just imagine that sight. A man dressed as a dog sniffing real dog's asshole and cock. What scene for this crowd to see! 

One of the highlights of the show, and one of the most important determents of the winner, is the obedience test. The event involves lots of audience participation and the girls just love it. Of course the miserable dogs have to dread this most, which makes it all the more exciting and entertaining. As everyone knows, a good dog is one who is obedient and one who will obey and do whatever his trainer/Mistress demands. In this, each dog is ordered to climb up on a pedestal, about the height of a cocktail table, and remain ABSOLATELY STILL while being "examined" by one selected from the audience. This is virtually impossible considering what was done to them, however the dog that moves, fidgets, or whimpers the least is declared the winner in this event. The rules states that each "examiner" has one minute to conduct her examination and can only use her hands; no other implements. The cock cages where removed and the examination begins. Most of the girls love to pinch, squeeze and fondle the dog's testicles and prick until there is an involuntary "VIP" which brings cheers from the audience. Another favorite torment is to pinch and scratch their nipple s (showing through the Lycra top). Others will poke their finger under their armpits and other sensitive areas.While each examiner is doing their thing, the audiences are carefully observing the dog's behavior and take notes on their performance. The last phase of the obedience contest requires dogs to turn over and lie on their back with legs up. The cock cage is once again secured tightly and then each trainer will administer two shocks with the electric device. Again staying motionless made it impossible to score points. The strain on the dogs to stay still is incredible and once again this tiring demanding event is over, there was less strenuous activity panned, but still entertaining for the audience.

For the dogs, it was most humiliating, for them is\ requiring them to lick the very tip of a cock of another dog. It was the oral stimulation that causes sexual excitement; however the tightly fitted cock cage, with the sharp needle-like prevents us to even the slightest bit of erection. The results on the dogs, was the great frustration and moaning.

The next event and another highlight, is feeding time. Each dog as placed before him a bowl filed with most vile unappetizing, revolting concoction the girls could dream up. Usually it starts with some chunky dog food (often containing liver, which is added a couple raw eggs, some cod liver oil, and finally ground bone meal. The volunteers from the audience are asked to add the "house dressing" which is the volunteer to cover the distasteful mush with some hot piss. The bowls are placed in front of the pitiful dogs, and the sound of a bell, each dog must bury his face into this disgusting, putrid mixture and eat every last drop as fast as he can, including lapping up every single drop of the piss. The Mistress/trainers were often encouraging their dogs with a few good whacks with the paddle if they notice any slowing down. Points were awarded to the first one to finish and so on. 

And now for the most horrible task the dogs must do, not only did they cringe in fear and loathe when we were present with the next item. But some in the audience found the next scene too revolting and could not even watch. Each dog was to kneel before his trainer and open his mouth wide where upon the trainer holds a large worm (freshly from some bait shop) in front of his face. (The trainer /Mistress of course have the luxury of holding the worm with a pair of tweezers). The wretched dogs where in absolute panic, not knowing if, or when, she might drop the disgusting, wriggling worm into their open mouths. The Mistress/trainer will usually torment the poor dogs by holding the wriggling worm barely an inch from their faces teasing them and watching them squirm and listening to their whines. Suddenly the worm is dropped into their mouths, and the audience shrieks with cheers and laughter. The dogs must quickly chew on that worm and swallow it all. HOW GROSS! (Some were saying that worms are not that bad for them, and have some protein. However, for the dogs, the thought of chewing and swallowing something so nauseating was pure torture). Each dog took his turn and points where awarded for the one who demonstrates the most enthusiasm and completely down the whole worm first. YUMMY!

Another luxury that the dogs did not have is the ability to go the bathroom whenever they had the urge. People just get up and go the toilet. A dog being house trained must wait for his Mistress to take him out. Therefore one of element of winning the dog show is showing restraint and control over bodily functions. For the obvious reason this event is held outside in a far corner of the backyard. A large pit, about two feet deep has been dug, and us wretch dogs must crawl into this pit. The judges sit comfortably in reclining chairs under the shady trees while the Mistress/trainer initiates the event. 

Each dog is given a NASTY, and I mean nasty enema! It is typically two full quart of hot water in which is dissolved about four tablespoons of very harsh laundry detergent and couple of teaspoons of very hot Tabasco sauce. Then the real fun begins; with the dogs get into a circle, on all fours, with each dogface vigorously licking the asshole of the dog in front of him. The goal for each dog to show control by holding in the enema while at the same time stimulating with his tongue the other dog's asshole, trying to let him to lose control. This is very difficult event. The dogs had to concentrate on not losing control. It was pure torment and torture. Finally the enema solution was just too much and one of the dogs just lets loose, shooting the contents of his shitty bowels right in the face of the dog behind him. The loser is the one who lets loose first; the winner is the one who can keep in the enema the longest. Of course they were all LOSERS, since each of us got their face showered with shit. 

After this event, they were hosed down, with cold water of course, to get ready for the next outdoors event-the "dog race". Each dog had stirrups placed over his back with bit in his mouth, His trainer sits on his back, feet on the stirrups, holding onto the reins of his bit and off we go, each slave were carrying their trainers on their backs, about fifty feet. To make matters worse (Why not), a brick is attached to their cock cages so that we must pull a heavy object on their cock. The trainer made liberal use of their paddles and the dogs grunt and groan, carrying the heavy weight of their Mistress trainer while painfully dragging the brick.

There was one last event. "Search for the bones". The Mistress/trainer threw three small one-inch rawhide bones, purchased from a pet store, into the pit filled with all that shit. Then of the dogs had to crawl into the shit-filled pit and furiously scramble, searching for the bones. It was like musical chairs, except here it's six dogs, five bones. The loser is the one that doesn't find one. As us dogs had to bury their faces into that mushy shit, desperately searching for the bone. As soon as they found it, they must crawl out until only one that loses is left in shit. He was one that lay face down and receives ten good swats with a paddle from his Mistress.

This ended the competitive part of the show. As the dogs were again hosed down and placed in regular dog cages, except that two dogs where squeezed into one cage, making it really tight fit. Four dogs in two cages, the second and the fifth place dogs were placed in the cages. They could barely move and we were stuffed like sardines. Misery Likes Company, as the old saying goes! Now for the finale! Each trainer is permit five minutes to use an electric prod on the poor miserable animals. The shocks where administered to the cock cage and the tail, which has a metal core. That transmits the current and it was truly an incredible scene and fitting conclusion to the festivities. 

The wrench men, crowded in there crowded in the uncomfortable cages and receiving shock on their sensitive tips of cocks squirming, grunting, whining, wriggling, etc. to avoid the dreaded prod. The cages practically jump up and down with the dogs thrashing around. The girls just love it. With lots of taunting and cheering the dogs had reach the point of total degradation and misery.

After the five minutes of hell from each Mistress. All the women were invited to take turns of sitting the cages and pissing all over the dogs. With lots of coffee and soda being drunk, there was plenty of piss showering on the hairy creatures. Then, while all women partake in a delicious meal, cater by a local restaurant, us dogs remain in their cages, lapping every drop of the hot piss in which they were wallowing. Nothing could demonstrate more disparity between the young beautiful women, sitting in comfort and luxury, eating gourmet meals, drinking fine wine, while us despicable lowly men, cramped in a tiny cage, wearing horribly scratchy garments, covered with piss, struggling desperately to lick it all up. They knew that we be forced remain there in to lap up every drop. At this moment, one would think it only be human for the women to have some feeling of pity and sympathy for us miserable dogs crammed into small cages.

The tightly squeezed into a vile-smelling cage, wearing a horribly itchy, scratchy garment, with a dildo stuck up in their ass with the hateful cock cage with spikes snugly fitted over their private parts. This gave the dogs continual jabs of sharp spikes poking into their sensitive areas. As they stain themselves to lick up the piss off the cage floor then to have fear in their minds of being declared the loser and being subjected to even worse humiliations and degradation.
As for the loser: What more can be done to add further to his degradation? Plenty! And it was loads of fun for the audience. He was allowed out the cage, but he had to kiss the assholes of the two German shepherds and the two pet cats that were around. It was symbolic in that it reinforces in the loser's mind that he is truly beneath contempt and even inferior to dogs and cats. Next, another big, juicy wriggly worm is dropped into his mouth and he had to slowly chew and then completely swallow. One of the three cages was left outside in the backyard. That where the loser dog was forced back inside the cramped quarters. 

Alligator' clips are put on his testicles and the tip of his cock, and these are attached to a electric shock device which can be regulated to give off various levels of sharp, electrical shocks. During the next few hours during the party, the guests were invited to use the remote control to turn the knobs and watch him squirm and suffer the jolts through his cock and balls. 

When the girls got tired of this sport, the German shepherds were brought over, and been previously trained, lifted up their legs and piss inside the cage. This had to be the ultimate degradation. Being covered by piss from a dog! Some cat turds and dog shit were thrown into the cage, which by then was covered with a wool blanket. Then everyone was invited to piss on the blanket. This was a terrible fiendish idea. The piss-saturated blanket slowly drips for hours on the unfortunate dog, which was absolutely maddening. Then, placed over the cage is thin plywood box whose purpose is to not permit the dog to see or hear anything, as well to keep the putrid stench inside the cage. Only a small opening the bottom is left, to allow the slightest bit of air. The miserable, piss-soaked dog is left in the smelly fetid cage all night.

The first place finisher, was taken downstairs in the house and was finally allowed to remove that miserable suit and was placed in bondage by his wrists to a chain, hanging from the ceiling, so that I could be fumigate by through scrubbing and hosing my filthy and nasty smelling body down. That where his Mistress/trainer would finally hosed him down, she released him and thoroughly rinse his mouth out with mouthwash, prior to taking me upstairs over to the big-size dining room. 

To the table, were four young ladies were sitting at this table, drinking wine, chatting and playing some cards. The slave was handcuffed with his wrists behind his back and ordered to crawl under the table. Their four pairs of black high-heel shoes and sexy nylon-clad legs surrounded him. The ladies seated at this table, wearing no panties underneath their skirts. All four Ladies played several hands of poker. The object of their game was that the winner of each hand would have the slave service her feet or pussy until the winner of the next hand was decided. Then he was to move to her and orally service her pussy with his tongue. By placing his face between the legs of one of the women and his head was forced into her pussy. He hungrily licked and ate her warm wet vagina and clit until she climaxed and then after the hand, then was taken on to the next winner. Each one he went to was wetter than the last, probably from sitting watching in anticipation. 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





