BDSM Library -  My Very Own




 My Very Own
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     What goes on the web, stays on the web. Katie Thomas learns this the hard way when an afternoon of fun with a webcam turns her young life into something she had never imagined.






My Very Own

Chapter 1. The Circle Closes

Katie stood at the back of the library, hidden between two tall shelves of dusty books. History of Sumeria and Mesopotamia, she read from one of the larger volumes on the shelf. She tried to conjure up some kind of idea what the book would be about, but the distraction was not working.

The young girl slid her phone from her pocket for what felt like the hundredth time in five minutes. It was still there, no doubt about it. The picture was her. She still could not believe it. That was almost three months ago. How could anyone possibly have known that was her? How could anyone have tracked her down? Wasn't this Stickam thing supposed to be totally anonymous?

She slipped her phone back in her pocket and fidgeted once more with the strap of her schoolbag. The text had come that morning between second and third periods. Its contents were clear: meet whoever it was here during lunch or everyone would soon know what she had done.

She had been waiting for at least 20 minutes now and was beginning to feel paniced. She checked the message again, just to make sure she was in the right spot; she was. Ancient history was where she was told to be and ancient history was where she was. She had not seen or heard another soul since entering the library and had scurried to the back as quickly as she could, confident she had not been seen.

Fucking hell, she thought as she became ever more anxious with each passing moment. How could she be so fucking stupid. She was only 16. She could never recover from the other girls at school knowing what she had done. What about Scott? What about her brother? What about her parents? The thought made her pale and she clutched the shelf as a wave of nausea swept over her.

"Hey Katie."

Katie dropped her phone at the sudden noise. It bounced towards the end of the row and she fell to her knees, scrambling to recover the phone that contained evidence of her indiscretion. She didn't think she had left the message or the image on the screen but she just could not be sure.

"Are you okay?" the other girl asked, genuine concern in her voice.
"Um, y...yeah. Thanks. Just dropped my phone," Katie replied nervously. Wow, fucking genius that, it&#8217;s not like she didn&#8217;t just see you drop it. At least it was only Lauren Harper, a girl she knew next to nothing about, but who she had always regarded as kind of harmless.
"You look a little pale, you sure you don't need to sit down or something."
"No," Katie replied sharply. "Um I mean, that's okay. I'm fine here."
"Okay, what you doing back here? You don't do ancient history."
"Um. I was um... I was just checking out the Sumerians, gotta love the Sumerians," Katie gushed frantically. Smooth girl, real smooth, she chided.
"Oh. I thought you might be back here because you were told to be here."

Katie froze, looking at the other girl hard, really looking at her for the first time, sizing her up like a lion and its prey. She was a little taller than Katie, maybe five and a half feet, mousy brown hair t gathered in a loose ponytail. Her heart-shaped face was cute, for sure, though the pale blue eyes, almost turqoise, were striking - they looked like a ghost's eyes. She was slim with a bosom that suited her frame. She was dressed very much like Katie, jeans and a t-shirt though somewhat more non-descript than the eminently more stylish Katie.

"Cat got your tongue? Or should I say dog got your tongue? Or have you got his?" Lauren said with wicked pleasure, a sly smile twisting her tiny mouth, creating two small dimples in her cheeks.

'You!" Katie spat. "How the fuck?. What the fuck do you want?"

Lauren stepped into the silent row and slapped Katie, hard. The shocked girl's head snapped to the right and her hand flew to her burning cheek. This bitch had just slapped her, this fucking bitch had just slapped her. The reason for the rendezvous was forgotten and pure anger overwhelmed her.

"You fucking little bitch," snarled Katie, as she dropped her bag to the floor.
"Ok, so you want me to send the video to the whole school. No problem," Lauren said nonchalantly, stopping the shorter girl in her tracks.
"No, no. Please don't, I didn't mean it. Please what do you want?" Katie babbled, the panic that had been her constant companion all morning now tightened its grip.
"I want you Katie Thomas, that's all."

The bewildered teen didn't know what to do. She hadn't really known what to expect but she certainly had not expected Lauren Harper. She lifted her hand hesitantly to her still stinging cheek and wondered what exactly was happening. What the hell was she on about?

"If you agree to be mine then as an act of faith, as your first task let's say, I want you to go to the toilet down the hall, remove your panties and hand them to me. You have five minutes."

Katie stood there incredulous. Remove her panties? Just who the hell was Lauren Harper anyway? Katie realised she had absolutely no idea. Would she really go through with her threat of showing what she had to everyone? Katie could not take the chance, she had to know more about this. Was it all a bluff to humiliate her? To get money?

"Four and a half minutes," Lauren stated casually.

The anxious teen made a decision and scurried past her tormentor and out of the library. The girl's restrooms were at the other end of the hall. She would have to be quick to get there and back. She started walking briskly down the hall, trying her best to look inconspicuous. She dared not run, that was a surefire way to draw attention.

Katie kept her focus on the restroom sign as she walked past other students and teachers, chatting amiably, laughing and joking. She imagined what it would&nbsp; be like to walk down a hallway if anyone saw that footage. She imagined the looks of disgust, the harsh whispers, the humiliation. The mere thought of it had Katie blushing.

She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that the bathroom was mostly empty. It could be a nightmare sometimes, wall to wall with chatting girls, fixing their makeup or talking about boys. There were only two girls in here now, and both from a grade below so she would not even have to trade pleasantries.

Katie scurried into a stall and leaned against the back of the door as she flicked the lever to occupied. Was she really going to do this? Was this really happening? The bitch definitely knew what she had done, and definitely had evidence but would she really destroy her life. Could she be that cruel?

This was it, now or never. She had to decide whether to do what she had been told, remove her panties and give them over to a stranger, or she could march back and threaten the little cow with whatever she could think of and hope for the best. She took two long breaths as she tried to think of the repercussions of either decision but her brain just would not work.

She had been shocked almost into incoherence by the arrival of the text that morning but what had just happened in the library had almost shut her brain down entirely. There was nothing else for it, she stood back, unlaced her sneakers and stepped out of the trendy shoes that had cost her parents a pretty penny.

She unbuckled her jeans and slid them down her legs in one smooth motion before sliding them off each leg and draping them over her shoulder. The pretty young girl slid her thumbs in the tight waistband and slid the tiny pink panties down her slim legs. She stood for a second, unsure of what to do now. Whatever happened after this, she would never want these panties back, so she rested them on top of the cistern and hurriedly dressed.

It was only then that she realised that she had left her bag in the library where she had dropped it. She had left it with Lauren. Katie scrunched the panties into a tight ball and shoved them in the front pocket of her jeans. That would have to do, no one would see them there. She had no idea how long she had spent in the toilet and she did not want to miss the time by a few seconds. What if she returned and Lauren had gone?

The thought sent Katie scurrying frantically from the stall and out into the hall. The sight of other students slowed her down and she sped, as fast as she dared, back to the library. The young girl headed straight for the stacks at the back, being inconspicuous not so high a priority now.

There it was, Ancient History. She turned the corner and stepped into the row and...stopped. It was empty.&nbsp; There was no one here. Lauren had gone and so had her bag. Tiny tears formed in Katie's pretty green eyes. She was ruined. She had to run away. Yes, that's what she would do: run away. With what money and to where, were her next thoughts. She didn't know, her brain wouldn't function, but she knew she could not face anyone she knew after today.

"There you are."

Katie jumped and spun around in one motion. Her heart had definitely skipped a beat, but there was Lauren, all smiles, Katie's bag slung over her right shoulder. She had never been so relieved in all her life, the panic she had felt when she found her tormentor gone had almost crushed her.

"Would you like to come and sit with me?" Lauren asked, an innocent, cherubic smile lighting her face.

"S...sure," Katie stammered, slowly gathering her wits.

Lauren led her to a table towards the back of the large room and indicated for the confused girl to sit opposite. Katie looked furtively around the room as she sat, grateful that the nearest people were three tables away, the library was not a popular destination during lunch.

"You have something for me?"
"Yes," Katie squeaked.
"Well?," Lauren prompted when the other girl sat unmoving.
"Um, yeah," Katie said, digging into her jeans pocket and retrieving the balled up panties. She leaned under the table and extended her arm towards Lauren, keen for the exchange to be kept well away from prying eyes.
"Well, do you or not?"

Katie grit her teeth and slowly lifted her arm above the table, the wad of pink material that had so recently covered her most intimate of places, almost hidden in her fist. She leaned across the table, waiting for Lauren to take the panties from her. When she made no move to take the item, Katie looked at Lauren, pleading silently with her eyes. She was met with stony indifference. Katie knew when she was beaten.

With a quick glance around the room she dropped her panties on the table, trying to get them as close to the other girl as possible. The moment they left her hand they began to unfurl. As the unrecognisable ball of material unfolded and grew, so did the humiliation she felt. Her cheeks flushed a deep crimson, the skin of her chest and neck mottling a lighter pink.&nbsp; She kept her eyes focused on the table, unable to pry her gaze away as the small pink clump evolved into a pair of delicate pink panties.

"And what is this?" Lauren asked casually, delighting in the continued discomfort of the pretty young girl.
"Um, my... my panties," Katie squeaked.
"And why are you giving them to me?"
"You asked me to," Katie whispered, you dumb bitch she added silently.
"No I did not. I told you to. I will never ask you to do anything," said Lauren, a hint of ice creeping into her voice.

Katie watched hesitantly as the other girl reached out and flicked the panties back towards her. Was that it, she thought. Did the little bitch just want to humiliate her? The relief was palpable as she quickly snatched the small garment and hid it from view.

"Don't ever give me something like that again. Fold them up nicely and try again."

Katie's eyes flashed with anger, all too briefly. Her humiliation was not at an end. She looked at the crumpled pink panties in her lap, letting the order sink in. No one spoke to her like that. Her parents never did, and they would be the only people who would dare. She was a good girl, no one needed to speak to her like that.

Obediently she laid the panties in her lap and folded them neatly. She had to play this bitch's game, at least until she found out what it was all about, but she did not know how long she could keep it up. A thick, leaden weight sat in the pit of her belly, the humiliation making her nauseous.

Katie bit her bottom lip, in the way Scott said was ultra-cute, and handed the, now folded, panties back across the table. This time she looked Lauren directly in the eye, startled to see those hypnotic, pale blue eyes scrutinising her every move. She felt as if she was being stalked by some dangerous animal and quickly sat back in her seat, folding her arms tightly, trying to make herself small.

Lauren reached forward languidly, sweeping the small pink panties from the table and depositing them in her bag. Not for one moment did she look away from Katie, delighting in the trapped look of the huddling teen. Her pretty green eyes were as wide as a doe's, perfectly highlighted by her jet black hair, swept across ther forehead from right to left, constantly threatening to completely obscure one side of her face.

"You had sixteen dollars in your purse. That is now mine. I have also confiscated your ipod. Come to my house after school. I'll text you where and what time. Don't be late or you will be punished."

With that Lauren spun on her heel and disappeared from the library. Katie sat stunned, staring daggers at the back of the retreating girl. She had three hours until the end of school, three hours to figure out a way out of this mess. It had all happened so fast, she was still disorientated. One thing was clear however, that one day of fun, those few small hours of wickedness were going to cost her dearly. How could she ever have been so stupid?

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

Katie stood back and looked at the white door before her. She could still hear the musical tinkling of the doorbell from somewhere inside the house. She still could not believe she was doing this, but here she was. She had phoned her mother and said she would be late, that she would be studying with a friend. The call had not even elicited a question, her years of good behaviour had seen to that.

She had looked up Lauren's address on google, relieved to find she lived only a few blocks from the school. She had remained anxious throughout the entire afternoon, hoping that no text would come, hoping that her nightmare was over, dreading the sound of the tiny beeps that would herald further torment.

It had finally come during her last period. She had been given twenty minutes to reach Lauren's house. If she was late she would be punished, the final sentence of the text haunted her as she all but ran the three blocks to Lauren's. She had never worn jeans without panties, even for her low-riders she had a special g-string.

Katie stood uncomfortably as she waited for someone to answer the door. She had been aware of the thick seam of her jeans against her sex every time she moved but the hurried walk through the busy streets had rubbed her delicate lips with each frantic step. It had been a constant reminder of her situation.

The humiliation stung her keenly every time she walked past someone, sure that they knew she was not wearing any panties, quietly calling her a slut or a whore. The other feelings the thick denim seam was causing, she did her best to ignore, though the silent condemnation her paranoia saw fit to assign to each and every stranger was only reinforced by them.

Katie's stomach tightened as she heard movement from inside the house. She saw a shadow move in the frosted glass panel to the side of the door and she held her breath as the door opened, smooth and silent. Her heart was pounding so loudly she was sure it would give her fear away, and she did not want anyone to see her scared. She had to be strong. If she could show this jumped up little shit that she was strong then maybe they could make a deal. That was as far as her grand plan had progressed. Well what could she expect, she mused, with everything else that was going on.

"Hello dear, you must be Katie," said an older woman as she opened the door wide.
"Yes Mrs Harper. Um, is Lauren home?" Please let her be here and please let me be on time.
"Yes dear, she's expecting you. She's upstairs in her room, second door on the left. You can't miss it, if you know what a vampire looks like," Mrs Harper said smiling.
"Thanks Mrs Harper," Katie replied, attempting a weak smile that she knew was less than convincing.

Katie stepped inside the Harper home, feeling something indefinable slip away from her as she crossed the threshold. Don't be so stupid she admonished herself, it's just a house. Just a normal house, actually a very ordinary house. It was nothing special, not stylish like her own, not filled with nice modern, modular furniture like her own, but it had a cosiness to it nonetheless. What am I, some judge on Pimp My Crib? Focus on getting this over and done with.

"Um, these stairs Mrs Harper," Katie said, indicating the large set of directly in front of her.
"They're the only ones we have dear," Mrs Harper chuckled.
"Yeah thanks," Katie murmmered. Oh Sherlock Fucking Holmes you are, Katie berated. These stairs! Fucking hell, get it together or everyone will think you're a retard.

Katie hurried up the stairs, clenching her jaw as her bare sex felt the full effect of the rough denim seam of her jeans. By the time she reached the top, Katie had to stop and catch her breath, though it was not from exertion. She refused to acknowledge the feelings that swelled within her but the slow stiffening of her nipples made any such denials moot.

She could see Lauren's door a little way down the landing, a huge twilight poster covering most of the white surface. Well they had one thing in common, maybe she could use that to her advantage. Anything she could get she would use. She needed, desperately needed, to take control of this situation. Her whole life depended on it, and she knew that was not just the usual 16 year old girl melodrama.

Katie stepped quietly down the hallway. She had to fight the tendency to tiptoe on the soft cream carpet. She felt like an intruder, that getting caught here was a terrible thing. It was not far however and she soon found herself outside Lauren's door. She could hear soft noises from inside and before she lost her nerve and ran down the stairs and out of the house, she opened the door and stepped inside.

Lauren was lying on her stomach on the bed, a schoolbook open in front of her. She wore a tight blue t-shirt, a pair of small black shorts that barely covered her buttocks and kneehigh white socks. Her legs were bent at the knee and kicking girlishly back and forth. The stick of a lollipop danced between her lips. She was the very picture of an innocent teenage girl.

"You are very rude Katie Thomas. Rude and crude. Get out and use your manners," snapped Lauren, popping the lollipop back in her mouth and turning back to her book when she had finished speaking.

Katie stood for a second in a complete daze. She stepped back onto the landing and closed the door behind her. She stood in shock for a few moments, the harsh chastisement had sent her spiralling back ten years, making her feel like a little girl learning her please and thank-you&#8217;s. When the full realisation of just how she had been treated finally sunk in, a small tear threatened to fall down her cheek.

Katie wiped the tear away, angry at herself for getting upset. Angry at allowing this little cow to get to her. Fuck this, the young girl thought almost ready to walk away, knowing deep down that she could not. The degradation flushed through her body like a physical force starting deep in her chest and radiating out into the rest of her body. She bit her plump bottom lip and knocked timidly on the door.

"Who is it?"
"Katie," she replied, trying to keep the frustration she felt from her voice.
"What do you want?"
"Can I come in?"
"Pardon?"
"Can I come in?" Katie said louder.
"Pardon?"
"Can I come in please," she said after a few seconds pause, finally realising the game that was being played.
"You may."

"Close the door," Lauren ordered absently, after Katie had stepped inside, noting that Lauren had not moved from the bed and continued to read her book. When Lauren didn't move or even look at her, she slid her bag off her shoulder and rested it against the wall.

"Pick it up," Lauren mumbled around her lollipop. Katie obeyed without even thinking, pausing only when the bag was back on her shoulder. She looked venomously at the supine girl, trying to sort out the confusion of emotions that were whirling inside her. After a minute of silence, Katie tried to get things moving.

"So what's it going to cost me?" she said as confidently as she could. She had decided it was best to be bold, even after her most recent humiliation and the demeaning way she had been treated.

"Hush," said Lauren, not lifting her eyes from the book.

Katie stood at the entrance to this strange girl's room, once again shocked into silence. Her mouth had opened to speak but for some reason she decided it was best not to. She had been told to hush as if she were a child, a child of no consequence too as Lauren would not even look at her.

Katie's cheeks burned with the shame of her treatment. She tried to take her mind of it by looking around the room. Almost every spare piece of space on the walls was filled with posters or pictures of some kind: movie posters, vampires and werewolves, bands she didn't know and strange pictures of people and weird shit she couldn't even begin to describe.

One wall was all bookshelves, filled to overflowing, the other had a large chest of drawers and a small study table on which was a computer, the computer that had been her downfall. The wall above the bed was dominated by a large window and the entire length of the final wall was taken up by the sliding doors of a built-in wardrobe.

Katie wasn't sure how long she was made to wait but she had taken to trying to read the titles of the books, sure that if she moved she would be admonished again. Why had she had to rush here if Lauren was going to ignore her? Had she been late? Is that what this was about? As the moments ticked by Katie's anxiety grew. Standing there silently while she watched a girl she knew nothing about, nonchalantly read a book as if she was alone was beginning to get to her. She was almost ready to snap and speak again when Lauren mercifully closed the book and slid around to sit crosslegged before her.

"You may put your bag down on the floor by the door. Stand up straight, shoulders back. You look like a slattern," Lauren barked.

What the fuck was a slattern, Katie thought as she did as she was told, straightening her back and shifting her shoulders back. Doing so pushed her breasts out, her still hard nipples instantly drawing the hungry gaze of the seated girl. Katie blushed anew. She was beginning to hate the burning feeling in her face that gave away so much of her inner turmoil.

"Now let's start out nice and clear, so we are all on the same page okay. Go to the comp and hit enter. I want you to trust me, to know that I am serious and that I mean what I say. I will always be truthful with you Katie."

She did not want to do this but she needed to. She had only seen one picture, no doubt this would show her a lot more. She didn't want to see, but she knew she had no choice. She sat down at the computer and hesitantly hit the enter button. The monitor came to life, centred in the middle of the wide screen was a small video window that began to play.

Katie's chest tightened as she saw herself kneeling on the floor of her bedroom. Thoughts of that day had never left her but almost every waking moment since she had received the first text that morning had been occupied by replaying that day over and over again. Seeing herself now, confronted with the reality that those few hours had not just been a brief, wicked interlude in her otherwise straightlaced life, but had been captured forever, made her stomach churn with overwhelming fear.

"I have the entire three hour stream but there are four smaller files that are the most interesting," Lauren said from behind her. "We don't really have time to watch the whole thing right now, but if you want you can go to the folder and open the file called 'Katie and Max', that's the one I think most people would find fascinating."

Katie shook her head as she watched herself laugh and type into the chat window. She could even remember some of the stuff she had typed. She didn't think she could look at the section that Lauren had mentioned. Even now she had no idea what had prompted her to do it. She knew it was wrong but up until this morning, the power it had to make her wet was so strong. The sheer wickedness of it had fuelled the fire of her desire ever since. It had been her secret, her naughty pleasure. That had all changed.

"No? Well it's all there if you ever want a walk down memory lane. Stand up and come here. Now, no doubt you are wondering just what is going on," Lauren said with a smile. "Stand up straight, I won't tell you again. I want you Katie Thomas. I want you to be my slave. I want to own you. That is what I want."

Katie looked at Lauren, incredulous. So it wasn't just money, this little bitch wanted to play some sick game with her. Carry her bag at school, do her assignments and crap like that. But for how long? That was the real question that Katie needed answering. If she did what Lauren wanted then how could she be sure that the files would be deleted and she would be safe.

"Gone all shy have we? You weren't shy the day you made that video," the young girl snickered. "I am going to ask you a question. All I want to hear is a yes or no. Do you consent to be my slave?"

"Yes."

It was all Katie could say. She didn't have to hear the threats again, she knew what would happen if she said no. This little bitch had sat on the evidence for three months, scheming her little schemes. She knew it wouldn't be as easy as just deleting the files she could see. No one would go to all this trouble just to have it ruined in one stroke. Even though it was a game, Katie felt like something big had just happened, something momentous.

"Great," Lauren said, bouncing up from the bed. "Wait here."

Katie stood bewildered as her captor bounded from the room, her pigtail bobbing jauntily behind her. Just what was going on now? Katie had been in a near constant state of confusion for most of the day. Now she was left alone in this strange girl's bedroom, the video of her still playing on the computer screen. She still had her singlet on but she was rubbing her breasts through the thin material. In a few minutes she knew she would be able to see herself remove the thin garment and her panties would follow soon after.

As she watched herself smile lasciviously into the camera, pinching a nipple as she typed with the other hand, she heard footsteps on the stairs. Not one pair, but two. She could hear voices as well, both Lauren and her mother. Katie was frozen in fear for precious seconds, it was not until the voices were right outside the door that she jumped forward and shut the video off.

"Yeah, you need to sign after us Mom, that's the way they would have done it in the old days."
"Okay honey, so who signs first?" Katie heard Mrs Harper say.
"I do, then Katie, then you. Okay?"

Katie watched as Lauren put a piece of paper down on the table in front of the monitor. The writing was small and spidery but across the top in larger letters she could read 'Contract of Indenture' in an old calligraphic script. For Katie, the game just became real. Even though she understood the gravity of her situation, and she knew her life was in the balance, she had been treating Lauren far too flippantly.

She watched as Lauren signed above the line marked 'Owner'. Katie numbly took the old fountain pen and leaned towards the paper to sign her name above the line marked 'Property'. Even though her hand shook, the hours she had spent practicing her signature served her well. Once her neat, flowery signature had joined that of her new owner's, she handed the pen to Mrs Harper who quickly signed as a witness.

"There you go dear, I hope the project goes well."
"Thanks Mom," said Lauren, looking at Katie expectantly.
"Thanks Mrs Harper," she said obediently, though feeling anything but thankful.

Once her mother had gone, Lauren closed the door and locked it.&nbsp; She turned back to Katie with an evil glint in her eye that made the young girl shiver.

"Time to lay down some ground rules, my little Kat. Whenever you speak to me you will address me as Miss. Do you understand?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, the trepidation clear in her squeaky voice.
"You are my property now. You belong to me. You will do what you are told, when you are told. I expect nothing less than complete and immediate obedience. Do you understand?"
"Yes Miss."

"Very good little Kat. My little Kat. My little kitty Kat," smiled Lauren, enjoying the wordplay before the stunned teenager she now owned. "In fact, from now on your name is Kitty. To the world you can still be boring old Katie Thomas, but for me, your owner and the only person who counts, you will be my little Kitty. Isn't that just too cute?"

"Yes Miss," Katie replied. As Lauren spoke tears had been welling in her eyes, threatening with each passing moment to slip down her cheeks. She didn't want to cry in front of this girl, she wanted to be strong, it was just that she didn't know how. And now she was giving her a different name. This 'game' had turned out to be a very different proposition and one that Katie felt herself slipping deeper and deeper into with each passing moment.

"Okay Kitty let&#8217;s have a look at my new property. Take off your clothes. You may start with your shirt," Lauren ordered, as she made herself comfortable on the bed, leaning back against the wall, the wicked sparkle never leaving her eyes.

Katie looked at the eager girl, the salty tears cascading unbidden down her flushed cheeks. Everything had happened so fast, her mind was still reeling but this was something she knew was wrong. That piece of paper she had signed couldn't mean anything could it? It had been signed by a witness, and she had read a few rather disturbing sentences as she bent down to sign her own name. It wasnt really the 'contract' that worried her. It all came back to those few hours on a cold winter&#8217;s afternoon, a few hours where she was alone in the house, horny and feeling delightfully naughty. The video of those hours was what kept her here. That video was what made her grasp the bottom of her t-shirt and gingerly draw it over her head.

Lauren noted the momentary hesitation, but her interest was drawn to the tears that slid silently down the pretty teen's face. She was a pretty girl, her Kitty. Straight jet-black hair framed a sweet oval face, the most stunning feature of which were the high cheekbones that led into the cutest nose, straight but turning upwards ever so slightly at the tip. Full, delicate lips, currently pursed into a tight, grim line, that could so very easily be turned into the most devastating of smiles.

Lauren had been watching Katie for weeks, planning each move carefully and completely, then going over every step again and now she was finally here, in her room, obeying her commands. The pretty teen's tears were just the icing on the cake of her triumphant capture. The contract was signed and she knew that the frightened girl was hers - she could feel it.

"Remember to fold Kitty. Good girls have good manners and you are a good girl aren't you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie whimpered.
"You're going to be a good girl for me aren't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"Now the bra, Kitty. Of course I have seen all this before but that's hardly the same now is it?"
"No Miss," Katie replied, obediently reaching around and unclipping her bra.

Lauren smiled wide and hungry as Katie's breasts bounced free from their confinement.&nbsp; In truth, the small cam screen did not do the young girl's body justice. Katie was slim, though far from athletic, something that Lauren planned to change, but there was a softness to her body that was only hinted at via the webcam.

Katie's breasts were a nice size, B-cup if Lauren was any judge. They were pert and sat high on her chest, the taut skin glistening under the soft lighting in the room.&nbsp; She was still growing into her body and her breasts looked as if they were fit to burst. Lauren imagined pinching the tiny pink nipples and seeing the sweet mounds deflate like a balloon. The thought made her chuckle and she could not wait to get her hands on that delicate flesh. The fact that Katie's nipples had been hard when she came into the room had not been missed by Lauren. They were no longer hard but that was something she was going to have fun working on, of that she had no doubt.

Katie almost wrapped an arm around her chest to protect her bosom from the voracious gaze of the reclining girl. The instant the thought crept into her head she knew it would not play. The whole purpose of taking her clothes off was so she could be seen. She didn't want to make Lauren angry. She needed to get through this, get home and think. Think of some way out of this mess.

"Shoes and socks, then your jeans Kitty. In fact each time you come into my room, you will take off your shoes and place them neatly by the door."

Katie did as she was told, putting a sock inside each sneaker before slipping the thick denim jeans down her legs, folding them neatly and placing them over the back of the chair to join her shirt and bra.&nbsp; She was naked now, her young body on show to her new owner. It sounded weird to think of it that way as she didn't really know what that meant. Her hands fell to her side and fidgeted, not knowing what she should do but desperate to cover the small triangle of curls between her legs.

The stick of the lollipop that protruded from Lauren's mouth stopped dancing. Her gaze swept over Katie's body, hungrily drinking in each and every inch of young, innocent flesh. She was not a tall girl, standing barely five foot tall, almost 6 inches shorter than Lauren herself, but her petite frame suited her perfectly, keeping everything in proportion. The hips flared ever so slightly, giving Katie an attractive waistline that could only be enhanced by some toning up and some very minor weight loss. Her soft belly bulged a little but it was the soft triangle of black curls that drew Lauren's gaze.

She knew that Katie had not shaved her pussy, well she had not three months ago and it seemed she had kept true to her style. Well that would not do, thought Lauren, her plans already in place. Katie was not so slim that her thighs did not touch but there was a little space at the very entrance of her sex that showed only the midnight curls that hid the delicate pink folds of her pussy. The light was not the best but Lauren swore that she could see the faint shine of moisture clinging to the protective fringe.

Lauren sat for long moments doing nothing more than appraising her property. She could see the young girl's anxiety growing as the silence drew on. Her hands were clenching and relaxing at her side and the tears continued to trickle down the pretty girl's cheeks. She watched as a small drop of salty liquid dripped from her chin and fell onto the soft slope of Katie's left breast. Lauren's breath caught as she watched a trembling hand move to wipe away the fallen tear, only to be hastily retracted by the quivering teen. 

The clear evidence of the control she had over this girl excited her more than she had ever imagined. She could feel the moisture in her own pussy and she longed to sate her desire. But first she had things to do. She had dreamed of this moment for weeks, be disciplined she told herself. She's yours now, no need to rush.

"Put your hands behind your back Kitty. That feels better now doesn't it?
"Yes Miss," Katie whispered dutifully.
"It is the natural position of a slave. Obedience is so important to you, I know. You can show your obedience with a word or a small gesture just as well as you can by doing what you are told. You are an obedient little slut aren't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied tearfully, though balking at the use of the word 'slut'. You couldn't be a slut if you were a virgin. Everyone probably thinks I'm not, and if Scott had his way I wouldn't be, but then she thought of the video that sat on Lauren's computer and she hung her head in shame.
"Good girl. Now let's see what I have to work with."

Katie cringed and almost stepped back as Lauren bounced up from the bed and approached her. She had been naked in front of other girls before, but only very briefly in the showers at school and then all the other girls had been nude too, and focused on their own bodies, not scrutinising hers.

"Stand still for your inspection Kitty. You already have a punishment coming, don't make it any worse. I own this body now," Lauren explained, running a hand gently across Katie's cheek, wiping away the trail of tears. "It's mine to do with as I please and right now it's time for your inspection. A good owner always inspects their property."

Katie froze at Lauren's gentle, casually intimate touch. All the talk of ownership and property only frightened Katie further. Lauren had been smart to make her watch the video first, without that fresh reminder of what was at stake Katie wasn't sure she would still be here. Running down the street screaming is where she would be. Huddled up in a ball, safe in her own bed is where she wanted to be. But for now she was stood, naked in the bedroom of a strange girl who claimed ownership of her and was about to inspect her as if she was a new car or a cow bought at market.

Katie bit her lip and whimpered quietly when Lauren cupped first one breast and then the other. The soft flesh yielded under the insistent hands as Lauren felt the firmness of each sensual globe. Each breast was almost perfectly round, tipped in the centre by a tiny pink nipple no bigger than a nickel. Katie felt her nipples stiffen as Lauren rolled each pink bud between her fingers. No Katie screamed, her despair at her body's betrayal coming out as a soft moan that made Lauren's smile wider and pussy wetter.

Responsive little slut, Lauren thought to herself as she continued to caress the tender flesh of Katie's nipples. She had much to do and little time in which to do it so as much as she wanted to savour the feeling, linger on Katie's breasts, take each nipple into her mouth to suckle the hard buds, she slid her hands down to the young girl's waist.

Katie gasped as gooseflesh pimpled her flanks as Lauren's gentle touch slid past her ribs. She was ticklish and she hoped Lauren did not discover that and use it against her. She hated to be tickled. The touch lasted but a second and she was able to resist the urge to squirm under Lauren's warm hands.

The naked teen tensed as Lauren rested her right hand on the soft curve of her belly, slowly sliding the hand lower, long fingers edging towards the tightly packed curls that grew between her legs. Lauren smiled as she felt the muscles of Katie's stomach, twitch and jump at her light touch. She was really standing there, letting her do this. Lauren marvelled at the pliability of her new toy. She had honestly expected more resistance, she had planned for Katie to put up a fight, but this submissiveness was even more attractive, exciting her more than she had imagined.

Lauren paused as the tips of her fingers made contact with the twisted black forest of hair that covered the trembling girl's mons. Katie had closed her eyes, and fresh tears ran down her cheeks. Lauren was captivated by the sight. Katie was a pretty girl, with a disarmingly cute smile, but right now, Lauren thought, she had never been prettier: the quivering lower lip, the cheeks mottled with the flush of humiliation, the delicate wet tracks of her tears. Focus, she told herself, there will be time, all the time in the world.

Lauren let her fingers play in the dense black growth, knowing that this would be the last time she ever would, maybe. She slipped her fingers through the short, dark hair, caressing the soft skin beneath before closing the gap between each finger, trapping the tiny hairs as she drew the hand away. Lauren had not guessed Katie's pubic hair was so smooth and thick. The cam did not show such detail.

Lauren's questing fingers slid lower, touching the top of Katie's intimate cleft. And there it was, the first sign of disobedience, a ripple of defiance. That first small contact with her sex had been too much for Katie. She stepped back and pushed Lauren's hand away, gently, hardly touching the other girl. It was a timid, defensive gesture, but one which Lauren could not permit.

"Please... don't," Katie whimpered, backing up with tiny hesitant steps until she bumped into the corner of the room.

Lauren's face hardened as she watched her girl cowering in the corner, her breasts and pussy now covered by the arms that were supposed to be behind her back. She couldn't be too hard on poor Kitty, to be honest she had expected the resistance much earlier. It was an excellent sign that it took contact with her sex for the bewildered teen to stand up to her. But disobedience must be punished, it was one of the founding principles of the budding relationship that she was building.

"Now Kitty, that is very naughty. Come over here," Lauren ordered as she sat down on the edge of her bed.

Katie took one tiny, hesitant step forward, not wanting to get closer to the source of her torment but knowing as she did so that she had no choice. She did not know what was going to happen but this girl really did have control over her. She didn't want it to happen but it was far too late for her to get what she wanted.

She knew she shouldn't have moved. She knew she should have stood still and let Lauren touch her, play with her. She knew that the sooner this degrading experience was over the sooner she could move on. It was just that when she touched her there, touched her where no one else had, something inside her had snapped. The fact that the brief contact had sent an intense, explosion of sensation running through her body, like fireworks going off under her skin, had nothing to do with it she told herself. It was just a reaction to being violated and humiliated.

"Move it Kitty," snapped Lauren, a hard, icy edge investing her voice with menace.

Katie scurried forward at the command as if compelled by an unseen force. She stopped short of the young girl seated on the bed and shuffled meekly on the spot, her charms still hidden by her disobedient arms.

"Over the knee little Kitty," Lauren ordered, her tone softer and reassuring.

Katie knew what was coming now. She had never been spanked in her life, but she could see where this was going. Sure she had been smacked on the bottom occasionally as a child but that had been so many years ago that she remembered it only as a fuzzy sidenote to her childhood.

The naked teen didn't know quite how to go about placing herself over Lauren's knee and she timidly fidgeted for a moment as she gazed at the soft flesh of the seated girl's legs. Pain stung her thigh and she danced back out of reach. She had not seen the hand coming but the sharp pain in her leg was all the evidence she needed. A bright red handprint was already visible on the white flesh of her thigh.

"Now Kitty or I will get the cane," snapped Lauren, the venom in each clipped word frightening Katie into obedience.

She almost threw herself over Lauren's bent legs, wiping away fresh tears as she felt her skin rest against the warm bare flesh of Lauren's legs. It was not cold in the room but the touch of skin on skin warmed Katie's trembling body.

"Hands behind your back Kitty."

Katie obeyed, slowly moving each hand into the small of her back, resting her bared breasts on the smooth bedcover. She laid her head to the side, facing away from her tormentor, not wanting Lauren to see the anguish on her face.

As soon as they were in place, Lauren grabbed each wrist, forced them together and pinned them to the small of Katie's back just above the cute twin dimples that dented the soft flesh above her buttocks. The naked, and now vulnerable, girl gasped quietly at the power Lauren possessed. She was only a girl, a small girl, barely taller than she was, slim and petite. Where did she get such strength? Katie wriggled in the powerful grip but her efforts had no result, other than to cause a wide smile to spread across her owner's face.

"Now Kitty, when a slave is being punished she submits to the punishment knowing that she does so because it is deserved. You know you deserve to be punished don't you Kitty?

"Yes Miss," Katie sobbed, wanting to bury her face into the soft surface of the bed.

"During your punishment you should reflect on your behaviour, preparing yourself for the apology you must make at its completion."

"Yes Miss," the whisper barely audible in the stillness of the room.

Katie jumped as Lauren's hand made contact with her upturned buttocks. Lauren giggled at the naked girl's response to the gentle caress with which she had begun. Katie's ass was a delicious sight to behold. Each soft mound was unblemished, the tender flesh covered in the smallest, palest of hairs, barely visible and unable to be felt as she gently slid her hand across each exposed buttock.

Time was ticking ever onwards and she had a lesson to impart. It was an essential part of the first session with her slave, something she knew was crucial to cementing her new status in the mind of the trapped teen. Without warning her hand whistled down to impact upon the tender flesh displayed so invitingly for her. She was pleased to hear the stifled yelp and feel the brief squirming as Katie reacted to the first smack of what was to be, in the general scheme of her new life, a mild spanking.

An ever too brief few minutes later, Lauren was breathing heavily from her efforts, but not as heavily as the object of her ferocious attention. Katie's bared bottom was glowing a bright red, exuding an intense heat that matched its colour. The naked girl was sobbing uncontrollably now, her eyes puffy and red, strings of mucus running from her nose and on to her upper lip.

Katie could not believe how much the spanking had hurt. The first few hits had been painful, a stinging pain that she felt she could deal with but as Lauren's hand continued to fall, with barely a break between each stinging slap the pain began to deepen and intensify. She could feel the agonising throb of each hit move from the tender flesh of her bottom and into her belly and up into her chest.

She had tried to stay as silent as she could, not wanting to draw the attention of Mrs Harper. It was bad enough being spanked by a girl her own age but to have an adult walk in would have been too much to bear. As the spanking kept going, each smack feeling harder than the last, she could hold back no longer. By the time Lauren had mercifully stopped beating the soft mounds of her behind Katie knew she had been moaning, once or twice even begging Lauren to stop, though her feeble pleading had fallen on deaf ears. She had even remembered to call her Miss, all to no avail.

"Up you get Kitty," Lauren said a little breathlessly. "I hope you used the time wisely and have an appropriate apology ready.&#8221;

Lauren groped slowly to her feet, only now aware that Lauren was no longer pinning her wrists into the small of her back. She stood before her owner, rubbing her sore wrists and trying to choke back her sobs. By instinct she wiped her nose with her hand, only afterwards realising that she was stood naked in a stranger's room. She hoped Lauren had not seen, though she could not be sure. She had kept her eyes on the floor at her feet, unable to look at the girl who had just spanked her like a child.

"Kitty don't be disgusting. There are tissues on the desk. Wipe your nose and put the tissues in the bin," Lauren ordered, not once taking an eye from the weeping girl, her distress only fueling the fires of her dominant desires.

"Kitty, you were not told to wipe your eyes. What were you told to do?"
"Um, wipe my nose Miss," squeaked Katie, afraid of further punishment.
"You are a naughty girl Kitty. You are to do as you are told are you not?"
"Yes Miss."
"Then why did you disobey an order directly after a punishment? Do you want to be punished?"
"No Miss, its just that... I didn't think, I'm sorry," Katie sobbed, her failure, Lauren's chastisement and the overwhelming confusion that threatened to engulf her sent the poor teenager into a fresh bout of body-wracking sobs.
"Well I think it is best that I impress upon you just how important obedience is for a slave. Go to the left hand door of the cupboard, open it. In the corner is the cane. Bring it to me."

Katie dropped the tissues into the bin, glad that at least she had removed the foul slime from her nose and mouth, and headed towards the cupboard. She had already taken two steps, following the command on instinct, before she realised what she was doing. A cane, she screamed in horror to herself. The thought to grab her clothes and run from the room burst into her bewildered brain, only to be shattered by the image of the whole school laughing at her, her parents looking on with disgust. Just get through this now and you can work out something else later, she told herself, without conviction.

She reached for the door, her shoulders still jerking with each sob, aware of how her breasts bounced gently each time. She slid back the cupboard door and immediately saw the instrument of her coming torture. It was a thin wooden rod, three feet in length, a black leather handle at one end, a small loop of leather flopping casually against the wall.

She looked at it for a moment, hardly believing what she was doing. She was actually going to fetch the very item that was going to be used to cause her pain. She was actually going to take it to the girl still seated nonchalantly on her bed, the girl who held her life in her hands. The girl who called herself her owner. Before she knew it Katie had picked up the cane, closed the cupboard and walked back to Lauren, each nervous step feeling as if she was moving one step closer to a gallows built especially for her.

"Kitty when a slave presents something to her owner she does so in a way that not only shows her respect for her superior but also demonstrates that she knows her place, that she understands that she is property. An owned thing."

Katie stared at the floor as Lauren lectured her. She could feel the heat burning in her face, the shame of being treated in such a demeaning way, as if she was a stupid animal, making her face match her flaming behind. As she stood before her owner she could feel the throbbing pain from her abused buttocks and was dying to see the damage that had been done, or at least touch the tenderised flesh just to allay the fears that plagued her.

"That means that you should be on your knees Kitty," said Lauren, her tone clear that she thought Katie should already be in position.

The young girl sank to her knees, squeezing her legs together and sitting on her heels as demurely as she could, her nakedness making any show of modesty an exercise in futility. Katie kept her head bowed and her eyes lowered, unable to look at Lauren, fearful of what she would see if she looked into the captivating, pale blue eyes.

"No Kitty. A slave&#8217;s knees are to be wide, she must always be aware that her body is on display for her owner. Allowing her owner to see what she possesses."

Katie clenched her teeth and shuffled her knees apart a couple of inches. "Oh Kitty you are such a tease. I hope you are teasing me. You're not being naughty again are you Kitty?"

"No Miss," Katie replied hoping her frustration was not apparent in her voice. She spread her legs wider, stopped for a second but continued when she heard a soft tsk from the bed above her.

By the time Katie had stopped moving her knees were parted well past her shoulders. She could see a brief glimpse of pink of her nether lips amidst the dark bush that covered her sex. What caused her to bite her lip and squeeze her eyes tightly shut, however, was the glistening droplet of moisture that had matted the dark curls together around the entrance to her sex.

"Kitty a slave offers the object she has brought her owner in a respectful and obedient manner. Place the cane across your palms and present it to me like a good girl," Lauren ordered, enjoying each moment, revelling in the exercise of her control over the naked teen. The wetness of Katie's sex did not go unnoticed by her Mistress, it was yet another item she could use to train her. It would be extremely useful in convincing the clearly submissive girl of the rightness of her new status.

Katie did as she was told, following the instructions to the letter. She could imagine the picture that she presented and the thought made fresh tears of shame spill down her reddened cheeks. With an almost tender care, Lauren removed the cane from Katie's upturned palms and stood up from the bed. She swished the vicious wooden rod through the air, testing the spring.

Katie jumped as the cane whistled behind her. Lauren giggled girlishly, having imagined just such a reaction when she had played out this scene in her head. The little slut was everything she had dreamed of, and more.

"Stand up Kitty. Now bend forward, hands on the bed. If your hands move from the bed, the stroke will be repeated. Count each stroke aloud."

Each stroke thought Katie, her eyes widening as she bent forward exposing her still painful behind. Katie heard the first stroke coming but the sound did not properly register in her brain. Pain lanced through the flesh of each tender mound and the young girl squealed as her body jolted forward, the agony of the stroke searing up into her chest. She scrunched the bed cover as she tried to find some outlet for the pain. How she managed to keep her hands in position she would never know.

"One Miss," Katie gasped, still trying to deal with the pain that coursed through her. It felt as if she had been sliced by a knife. How many of these would she have to endure?

A few seconds later, the cane struck again, momentarily flattening the soft flesh of Katie's taut buttocks. A second red stripe instantly joined the first, quickly darkening, providing an attractive counterpoint to the soft scarlet patterning of the earlier spanking.

'Two Miss," Katie cried, through clenched teeth.

Lauren smiled, happy that Katie had remembered her training. The girl's docile nature and clear submissiveness had surprised and gratified her. She felt the training could progress at a much faster rate now that she knew Katie's true worth.

"Stand up Kitty. Now do you have something to say?"
"Y...yes Miss," Katie stammered. Um I am very sorry for... for being disobedient?"
"Was that an apology or a question? A good slave knows why she is being punished, apologises for her behaviour and expresses gratitude for the correction she has received so that she can become a better slave."
"Yes Miss."
"Well then Kitty, don't disappoint me. I had thought you were smarter than this but if you are truly just a pretty face then I may have to make sure your lessons are a little stronger to compensate."
"S...sorry Miss. I am very sorry for my disobedience. For moving when I was told not to and for wiping my eyes when I was not allowed. Thank you so much for punishing me so that I can learn to be better."
"Passable for a first try I guess," mused Lauren. "Now come give me a kiss."

Katie raised her head for the first time since her punishment began, what felt like hours ago. Lauren was standing in front of her, the cane hanging loosely in her right hand. She was a pretty girl, thought Katie, as her gaze studiously avoided those hypnotic blue eyes and fell instead on the glistening pink lips that were slightly parted in anticipation.

Katie moved forward, her feet moving almost without thought. Each timid step bringing her closer to her owner. She mustn't think of her like that she chided. She was just a girl, a girl with the ability to ruin her life for sure, but no one owned Katie Thomas. Her protestations didn't quite ring true, and as she leaned towards Lauren parting her own plump lips, preparing for the first kiss she had ever shared with a girl, she realised she had never felt so helpless and vulnerable, so less in control than she did right now.

The moment their lips touched, Lauren reached around and placed a very gentle pressure on the back of Katie's neck. It was a lover's gesture, demonstrating a tenderness that Katie found confusing. The naked teenager felt her nipples harden. Her heart pounded in her chest as her belly tightened and an intense sensation pulsed in her sex, like thousands of tiny static shocks bursting along the entire length of her moist silken cleft.

The kiss lasted only seconds but it left Katie breathless and bewildered. It had been Lauren who had broken the brief, yet passionate, embrace. A fact that made Katie lower her eyes in shame. She was being made to do these things. She hated this little bitch. Despised her for the things she had made her do and that had been done to her. She had to keep telling herself that. She had to forget these other things, these... feelings.

"I forgive you Kitty," Lauren said, the emotion in her voice causing a strange sensation deep in Katie's chest. A soft warmth spread through her body. It was something she could not explain and dared not dwell upon now.

"Now kiss the cane. It is always good for a slave to show that she respects everything that helps to improve her behaviour. A slave always seeks to improve herself, Kitty. It is a constant need that she has. She yearns to be better at everything she does so she can better please her owner."

Katie obediently kissed the cane that was offered to her. Lauren had kept it low, making Katie bend almost to the waist to purse her still tingling lips against the hard surface of the object that had so recently caused her such distress.

"Now Kitty, put the cane away and get back in position. We still have to finish your inspection," Lauren ordered.

Katie obeyed without hesitation. All thoughts of disobeying had been banished, not only by the punishment that had caused so much pain but by the words Lauren had spoken, words that seemed to come from someone who spoke with wisdom. The words Lauren spoke were at odds with her girlish innocence and the cute giggles that burst from her when she was excited. Katie did not understand, it seemed as if Lauren was two different people.

Katie was soon back in position, ready for Lauren to complete the inspection of her body. She stood up straight in the middle of the room, her arms behind her back, naked but for small diamond earrings that sparkled in each ear.

"Your legs should be a little wider Kitty. That's better. This position is called attention. A slave will adopt this pose if she is told to wait or if she is awaiting instruction. It's a comfortable position isn't it Kitty?"

"Yes Miss."
"Your arms feel good behind your back don't they?"
"Yes Miss," Katie answered quickly, eager for Lauren to finish her ordeal.
"That is because a slave always makes sure her body is on display for her owner. A slave hides nothing. She is owned, her body is no longer hers and she must make sure that the person who does own it has access to it at all times.
"Now where were we before you so rudely interrupted? Ah yes," said Lauren, a wicked glint appearing in her eyes.

Katie tensed as Lauren's hand rested on her mons, her petite fingers sliding through the silky black curls that covered the intimate area between Katie's legs. As Lauren's hand slid down, brushing the tiny bud, hidden beneath its protective hood, Katie clenched her hands but stood her ground.

The naked teen&#8217;s face and chest mottled with the telltale pink colouring of her humiliation as Lauren's fingers quested lower, a finger slipping past her moist lips and entering the warmth within. Katie gasped, her knees trembling with a sudden weakness as Lauren languidly withdrew her finger.

"Such a little slut," Lauren teased, showing the finger that had been inside her. White smears covered the delicate digit along its entire length. Katie didn't think she could feel any worse, she was sure that her humiliation had reached critical levels but the betrayal of her own body plunged her into untapped depths.

"Kitty, when your owner offers you something your mouth opens eagerly and instinctively. A slave accepts any gifts her owner deems appropriate. A slave is also thankful for anything she receives, knowing that as she herself is property, she deserves nothing."

Katie opened her mouth to allow Lauren to slide her finger inside. Katie tasted the musky cream from her pussy as Lauren twisted her finger inside the warm hole. Katie's lips closed around the intruder and her tongue swirled around it, cleaning the juice of her own sex from her owner's finger. She had tasted herself before, there was even a scene on the... No she mustn't think of that.

She had tasted herself before, but this was different. Her taste was stronger, more intense and she felt dirty and content at the same time. Katie had long ago stopped attempting to understand the conflicting feelings that warred inside her. She did her best not to dwell on any single sensation as the effort to do so simply made her head hurt.

"Such a little slut, creaming without being touched and lapping up that cream like a good Kitty. Okay, hands out in front, palms down. Spread your fingers Kitty. Good, nice and clean. Now open your mouth, wider. Good."

Lauren proceeded to pull at Katie's lips, pushing them back or down and inspecting her teeth. She stuck her fingers inside the trembling teen&#8217;s mouth and ran them along the surface of her teeth. Katie submitted to the humiliating inspection, not willing to move a muscle, knowing the repercussions for disobedient behaviour.

&#8220;Maybe I should call you little Miss Moist,&#8221; laughed Lauren. Katie swallowed back a retort, mortified that her body was responding against her wishes. How was she expected to break free from this cruel girl while her very body was playing into her captor&#8217;s hands. She could not control her arousal, she had never been able to, but it was never like this.&nbsp; It was almost as if her body was conspiring against her. She was ever conscious of the small pink buds that tipped each breast, stiffened to an almost painful degree. Each hard nipple tingled with sensation each time Lauren touched her. It was all she could do to keep her hands behind her back, the temptation to gently pinch the hardened points was almost overwhelming. If she could touch them just once, just the briefest of strokes, just enough to banish the niggling, frustrating need. But she knew she could not, should not.

&#8220;Little Miss Moist sat on a joist, playing with her creamy pussy. What about that? Now that&#8217;s a nursery rhyme I want to hear more about,&#8221; chuckled Lauren, revelling in the discomfort evident on Katie&#8217;s face. &#8220;Would you like to hear a story about Little Miss Moist before you went to sleep Kitty?&#8221;

&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; Katie responded meekly, knowing by now the role she had to play in Lauren&#8217;s cruel game. Knowing did not make participating any easier. Each time she was forced to degrade herself, she felt a little piece of her self-respect fade away.

&#8220;Well that&#8217;s something we can work on together. Such a wet pussy, such a lovely little slut, but let&#8217;s clean that up a little so we can focus on what we need to,&#8221; said Lauren, suddenly all business.

Katie watched, horrified, as Lauren snatched the tiny pink panties she had been forced to remove at lunch. Had they always been sitting in plain view on the table? She had not seen them when she had been ordered to watch the video on the computer. She had not seen them when she signed her life away. Had she been that distracted as to not notice the panties? Had Mrs Harper seen them? Had she known they were not her daughters? The thought caused a fresh flush of embarrassment to mottle her cheeks a pretty pink.

Pink turned to red as Lauren reached between the naked girl&#8217;s legs and wiped her sopping pussy. Lauren made sure to press the panties up inside the trembling teen, the fabric scraping the delicate folds of her vagina, soaking up the precious cream of her arousal. Once she had absorbed most of the moisture, the matted curls springing free, she folded the panties and replaced them on the desk.

Katie had squirmed deliciously as her sex was penetrated for the second time. Lauren almost lost control, the thought of pumping her fingers in and out of Katie, making her wriggle and pant with desire was so strong she almost succumbed. She had planned this moment for too long, too much was at stake for her to just give in to each little fantasy. She set her jaw and continued forward.

&#8220;Kitty you are a very pretty girl, you know that don&#8217;t you?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; said Katie hesitantly, not sure where this was leading.
&#8220;What is Scott Preston to you?&#8221;
&#8220;Scott? Hehe&#8217;s a. I like him I guess,&#8221; Katie stammered, confused by the apparently random question.

Katie squealed in pain as her left nipple was pinched and cruelly twisted. Her shoulders began to hunch forward as she tried escape the agonising grip. Her hands had parted and she was seconds away moving, seemingly unable to stop herself breaking position and disobeying her owner again. &#8220;Stand up straight,&#8221; snapped Lauren. Katie instantly returned to attention, the pain that lanced through her left breast screwing up her face into a grotesque mask.

&#8220;Kitty? Did you forget something? Are you being naughty or are you just a dumb cunt? Hmmm?&#8221;
&#8220;M...MMiss I&#8221;
&#8220;Well which one is it Kitty?&#8221; Lauren snapped.
&#8220;Dumb cunt,&#8221; Katie hissed, &#8220;I&#8217;m a dumb cunt Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;Well I hope not Kitty. A cunt maybe, but I don&#8217;t think you are dumb. A little lazy, definitely a little stupid at times, but not dumb. You don&#8217;t really know what you are do you?&#8221;
&#8220;No Miss,&#8221; Katie whimpered, the pain in her squashed nipple seemed to double every second.
&#8220;And that is why you are here Kitty. I do know what you are. You are mine, my very own. Ha ha, my precious,&#8221; Lauren giggled as she released Katie&#8217;s nipple to the accompanying gasp of the naked girl.

Katie watched Lauren, giggling uncontrollably at her own joke. Katie did not understand what was so funny, but then again she was still fighting to control the agony that pulsed through her abused breast, her small nipple throbbing as the blood rushed back into the stiff flesh. What had she done to deserve such treatment? Lauren&#8217;s anger was frightening to behold. It exploded with such speed and ferocity that Katie feared what would happen if she ever made her truly angry and yet, it seemed to melt away as quickly, leaving her wondering if it had ever really happened at all. The pain that pulsed in her abused nipple was, however, all the evidence she needed.

&#8220;Kitty how are you to address me at all times?&#8221;
&#8220;Miss, uh Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;Do not forget again. Now where were we? Ah yes Scott. So you like him you guess. He&#8217;s not your boyfriend?&#8221;
&#8220;No, Miss&#8221; Katie rushed to say. Scott was alright she guessed, but definitely not a boyfriend.
&#8220;You have kissed him, I know that much. You will never do that again. Has he touched your breasts?&#8221; Lauren asked, gently cupping each pert mound.
&#8220;Um, yes Miss, but only through my clothes,&#8221; Katie stammered, unsure why the qualification was important. Why had she said that?
&#8220;You can be friendly to Scott, a slave is always courteous and polite, but you are mine now. Understand?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes Miss.&#8221;

&#8220;Now as I was saying, you are a pretty girl Kitty, but you are lazy and undisciplined. That is all going to change now. You are my property and as such your life is to be devoted to pleasing me. The easiest way for a slave to make her owner happy is to be pleasing to the eye. Your body is very yummy,&#8221; chuckled Lauren as she walked around the naked teen, trailing a finger across her flesh as she circled, &#8220;but you have some work to do.&#8221;

&#8220;Here and here,&#8221; Lauren indicated, drawing on Katie&#8217;s body with a marker pen, &#8220;and here. All this area. This and here as well. These are the areas that you will work on first Kitty.&#8221;

Katie was left bewildered. She had remained still while Lauren drew all over her body, marking her body with thick black lines. There were circles at each hip, a large oval encompassing her entire belly, the inside of each thigh had been marked with lines and even the backs of her arms had been marked with rough elliptical shapes. The pen had tickled as it ran smoothly across her bare skin but the horror of what was being done overshadowed any other feelings she had. She had been marked like some factory reject. She was no exercise nut but she watched what she ate and she was sexy, she knew. It was not only Scott that had asked her out. She knew the boys watched her as she walked down the halls at school. All that confidence had been shattered by a few dirty lines drawn by a girl her own age.

&#8220;This filth will also have to go,&#8221; Lauren said tugging viciously on Katie&#8217;s thick pubic hair. &#8220;Squeal all you like Kitty, I don&#8217;t want to own a piglet. We&#8217;ll deal with that later, right now we can start with some basic exercises. You are to do these every morning before school and each afternoon, when you come home. Lie down on the floor, belly down. Forearms along the floor, tight in to your body Kitty. First the plank, 30 seconds. Raise your body off the floor, keeping your forearms on the ground.&#8221;

Katie followed the directions dutifully, wanting nothing more than to be out of this room. It felt as if she had been here for hours and hours and now she was doing exercises. Piglet! How dare the little shit. Just because she was Miss Lacrosse.&nbsp; Despite her bravado, she could not deny that Lauren&#8217;s evaluation had made her feel tiny and insignificant. She had never felt lower, never disliked herself more, than when Lauren had called her a piglet. The word had stung, causing her a pain that cut deeper than any slap on her ass or pinch of her nipple.

&#8220;Up Kitty. Ass up, your body has to be straight, it&#8217;s not called the plank for nothing. Right now, hold that for 30 seconds,&#8221; Lauren ordered. She walked around the straining girl, noticing the trembling of her body begin almost immediately. Lauren shook her head and tutted silently to herself, such a soft little slut. How could anyone let themselves be so out of shape? She walked down the quivering body but stopped when she reached Katie&#8217;s upturned ass. Each tight mound was a bright red in the middle, the colouring fading and becoming inconsistent as it radiated outwards. Across each red globe were two straight lines, raised welts that had already turned an ugly purplish red.

Lauren reached down absently and drew a finger along one of the raised markings, shivering with delight at the feel of the tender flesh. Katie dropped to the ground panting, more surprised at the touch that anything else. It had broken her concentration and she had been flagging anyway. Surely that had been 30 seconds. Small stabbing throbs of pain pulsed through her abused behind, what was it going to be like when she had to put her jeans on? Katie cringed at the very idea.

&#8220;Kitty, that was never 30 seconds. Again. You have one task to perform Kitty. Focus is crucial to a slave. Keep your mind on pleasing your owner through obedience. Anything else is not your business. If I wish to inspect or caress my property then it is no concern of yours.&#8221;

Katie breathed deeply and raised her body off the soft carpet once more. She hated when Lauren talked that way about her. She hated all this &#8216;slave&#8217; talk. Where the fuck was she getting it all from anyway? Yes it all had an inner logic, no doubt it was all coming from the same source, but that didn&#8217;t make it any less like bullshit. She wasn&#8217;t a slave. She was caught in a trap and she might not know how to get out of it right now, but she would. She would. She had to keep telling herself that. She had to believe.

&#8220;Good Kitty,&#8221; said Lauren, gently patting the panting girl on the back of the head.

Katie flushed with the praise as she collapsed onto the floor with a grunt. Flushed with effort she told herself. She was exhausted. How much longer could she go on? She felt physically and emotionally drained. She needed to get home. She needed some peace and quiet. Most of all she needed to be away from Lauren. She couldn&#8217;t think with her hovering over her, ordering her to do this, judging her, lecturing her, calling her Kitty and slave. It was all becoming too much for the teenager.

Katie could no longer hold back her pent-up emotions. She started sobbing, fresh tears dripping onto the carpet, her breasts being mashed into the floor with each shudder of her petite shoulders.

"Oh Kitty, don't be a lazy little slut. Turn over, lie flat. Arms by your side, palms flat on the floor, good girl. Open your legs Kitty, a little more, lean your toes in towards each other. That's right, when they can barely touch you are good."

Katie followed the orders obediently, feeling like a little child being told how to walk. Lauren was encouraging but the very help she was giving only demeaned Katie further. Her stomach tightened as she waited for further instruction. Her breasts sat high on her chest, her tight young skin allowing the white mounds only the barest of sideways movement.

"Legs up Kitty. Keep them straight," Lauren admonished when Katie&#8217;s legs began to bend at the knee. "A little higher. Now hold there for a count of six. Aloud Kitty and count out the seconds and I think instead of Mississippi&#8217;s you can do something a little more appropriate. Hold those legs up there for six 'creamy pussies'."

Six? Katie had already kept her legs off the floor the entire time Lauren was talking and her legs were already trembling. Being forced to perform like a trained seal was degrading enough, but having to debase herself by counting time ensured the naked teen's tears would flow.

"One creamy pussy. Two creamy pussy."

Katie could hear Lauren giggling at her. She was only doing what she was told, only doing what she had to do. Why couldn't she just do the exercises in silence? Why did she have to do them at all? But that line of thought took her to a dark place and she did not want to be reminded yet again of her own stupidity.

"Six creamy pussy," Katie gasped, letting her legs crash to the floor.

"Kitty, you are a little too eager. It's never a good idea to rush. Well not unless you are told to. Now for this set I want those pussy's to be really creamy okay? Just think of your own. Up."

Katie raised her legs once more into the air. Her feet were only about a foot off the ground but they felt as if lead weughts were attached to each ankle. She could feel the muscle strain, right up through her belly and into her aching buttocks.

"One creeeamy pussy," she said, drawing out the first word as she had been told. Lauren could hear the strain in the young girl's voice, or was that the sweet sound of humiliaton. If it had a sound Lauren thought there could be nothing more apt.

"Two creeeamy pussy," Katie sobbed. Her legs began shuddering, which caused her breasts to jiggle enticingly. The despondent teen closed her eyes, unable to watch, and felt two warm tears squeeze out the side of each puffy eye.

"Kitty don't talk like that. It makes me think you don't want to be doing your excercises. That would disappoint me Kitty. These are for your own good. A slave lives to please her owner. A slave always strives to be better. So for the next set I want to hear some emotion. Let me hear some of that little sex kitten that we knoiw is trapped inside that little piglet's body."

"Six creeeamy pussy," Katie gasped as her legs banged into the floor. How the hell was she supposed to do that a third time. A thin sheen of sweat covered her young body and she was breathing hard.

"Kitty a slave that fails a task must be punished. You know that's right don't you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied breathlessly.
"It's only fair. Be a good girl for me on this last set and you can have a little rest before the next exercise. Okay?"
"Yes Miss," said Katie, no hint of the panic she felt had seeped into her whispered reply. She was spent, and now she was being told that after this time she had more exercises! But if she was a good girl she could have a rest. She needed a rest and what she didn&#8217;t need was more punishment.
"Up."

Katie eased her legs off the ground for the third time. She did not know if she could do this. Her feet had barely left the carpeted floor and already she was quivering.

"One creeamy pussy."

Lauren smiled, her entire face lighting up as she heard her girl count. She had done as she was told, investing each word with a smokey sensuality that made Lauren's mouth water. Sex kitten indeed. Was that sultry voice something she had been practicing? It made no difference, it belonged to her now.

Lauren glanced between Katie's legs as she continued to tremble and count each struggle filled second. No truer words were ever spoken, Lauren chuckled as she saw the white cream that matted the black curls at the entrance to the young girl's intimate passage. She had a regular little dairy down there. It would be much better when all that hair was cleaned away she mused.

"Six creamy pussy."

Katie lay panting on the floor, all energy gone. Had she been good? Would she get her rest now? She cringed waiting for the judgement of her tormentor. She had tried to keep her legs straight. She had tried to count nicely but she wasn't sure if she had done either properly, it took all her energy and focus just to keep her legs off the floor.

"See Kitty, it's not so hard to be a good girl is it? Lauren said, tenderly pushing strands of her sweat-soaked hair from her smooth forehead.

Katie opened her eyes when she felt the gentle touch, the briefest of smiles flickering across her lips before she remembered where she was and who was crouching over her.

"I think all that talk of creamy pussies got to you Kitty," Lauren giggled. "No point in wiping it now though. I'll just have to do it again in a few minutes."

Katie sobbed silently, knowing what Lauren said was true. She could feel the moisture between her legs. She had given up trying to fight it or reason it through, she had simply resigned herself to the fact that her body was doing things, feeling things, which she could not explain. Things she did not want explained.

"Ok Kitty, the final starter exercise is an easy one. Stand up. Straight Kitty, that is the last time you will be told. I won't have you being lazy and slouching like some common cunt."

Katie flinched as Lauren berated her, the hard iciness in her voice appeared so suddenly and with such coldness that it frightened the young girl. Even though, when Katie thought about it, she had not only been harmed when she did something wrong, at least under the perverted rules she had, she didn't know anything about Lauren. She was smart, she knew that but that was about the extent of her knowledge.

"This exercise has six steps. Now that might sound hard Kitty but trust me, it's all just one movement really. One, squat down, placing your hands flat on the floor. Two, jump your legs out behind you, full stretch. Three, do a pushup. Four, jump your legs back to the squatting position, five stand up. And six, you finish off the rep by saying 'Kitty wants to please.' Let's try one nice and slow."

"One." Katie lowered her body slowly to the floor, until she was squatting with her legs bent under her.

"Two." The naked teen jumped her legs out behind her, her breasts hanging pendant beneath her arched body.

"Three." Katie knew she would struggle with this part. She lowered herself as quickly as she could, bending her arms as little as she could, lowering her shoulders, but keeping her ass high. Lauren questioned whether she should correct her, but she let the tired teen get away with a less than perfect motion. Such a softy, she chuckled to herself.

"Four." Legs retracted.

"Five." Katie stood up straight.

"And six."

"Kitty wants to please," Katie sobbed, her hands clenched tightly at her side as the humiliation of having commands barked at her as if she was a dog assaulted her fragile psyche.

"Good Kitty, now once more a little faster. One, two, three, four, five, six."

"Kitty wants to please."

"Six as fast as you can now."

Katie looked at Lauren in despair, but all she saw in those pale blue eyes was a sadistic pleasure. The little bitch was enjoying this so much. Enjoy it while you can, fucking bitch. Anger flared within her for just a moment, the tiniest of flames quickly extinguished by the cold depths she found in her owner's eyes. She instantly regretted her silent outburst. False bravado would get her nowhere, except for punished if she wasn't careful.

She grit her teeth and started the last round of the degrading performance she was being forced to give. Yes, she was exercising, no doubt of that, the long unused muscles of her body screamed the evidence to her tired brain. But what she was really doing was performing like a trained animal on one of those inane talent shows. She only had an audience of one, but that was one too many.

"Kitty wants to please," Katie gasped as she finished her first repetition. She was already breathless and she had five more to go.

Lauren jumped on to her bed and bounced exuberantly in time to Katie's efforts. A small tingle shot through her belly each time Katie spoke. Kitty wants to please, and she is. Just how much Lauren was sure Katie would have no idea. She couldn't know how long she had dreamed of this or how intense the pleasure of domination truly was. In time she would. Today's trial had taught her that Katie was far more submissive than she had ever dared hope.

"Kitty wants to please."

Katie collapsed on the floor as she finished her final rep. Her mouth was dry and her arms and legs burned. Her chest heaved as she struggled for breath, her heart pounding inside her like a machine-gun.

"Kitty you ruined it. All that good work. Bring me the cane."

Katie looked at Lauren, eyes panic-wide. No, please, I was good. I was trying to be good. But the naked girl said not a word, lowering her head in defeat and retrieving the cane from the cupboard. She kneeled obediently before the bed, the cane offered as she had been taught.

And there it is, thought Lauren. Punishment was an integral part of a slave's training. You had to use the carrot and the stick, otherwise the little sluts would just shove the carrot up their cunts and discipline be damned.

Lauren smiled in spite of the seriousness she wished to show. This little slut was going to be so much fun. Lauren took the cane and ordered Katie into position. The moment her hands rested on the bed, the cane fell, the loud crack as it impacted the tender flesh of her buttocks echoed around the room. Katie grunted in pain, her knees buckling briefly as the pain flashed through her body, but she kept her hands on the bed.

&#8220;One MMiss,&#8221; Katie stammered.

"For each repeated infraction your punishment will double. Stand up."

"Thank you Miss. I am very sorry for being disobedient and not standing straight like I am supposed to."

Lauren's eyes glistened as Katie made her unprompted apology. It was a little weak, but the fact she had done so of her own volition was more important. A slight nod of her head brought the panting girl in close for her kiss. The taste of her mouth as it opened under hers, sent Lauren into shivers of delight.

Lauren surrendered the cane to Katie's waiting palms. She watched as the pretty girl, her girl, raised the cane to her lips and kissed it tenderly. She returned the cane and moved back into the centre of the room without being told, her eagerness to please borne more from fear of punishment than from any great submissive desire. Lauren understood, but that desire was there, she knew it. She just had to coax it out, and she had all the time in the world.

"Kitty what do you do when you are told to wait?"
"I stand at attention Miss, until..." Katie hesitated unclear how to finish the sentence.
"Until you are released Kitty."
"Yes Miss, sorry Miss."
"That's ok, you are learning. You are not a bad little slut Kitty. A little rough around the edges and a bit lazy but we'll get there. Now you wait here."

Lauren turned to the door, watched every step of the way by Katie's roving eyes. "To the front Kitty, when you are waiting at attention you stay exactly as you are."

Katie turned away from the door, gazing straight ahead at the curtains drawn across the window above the bed. Her shoulders tensed as she heard the click of the lock and the door opening behind her. If someone came past now they would see her there, naked, ass red and striped from the punishment she had incurred.

Was anyone else home? Was Mrs Harper right outside that door? Was Mr Harper? Were they staring at her, laughing at her? Was the entire family in on this together? The hair on her neck rose. She was sure someone was there. Lauren had a brother didn't she? Had he come home? Was he going to rush in the room and rape her? Had Lauren had that in mind all along?

She should turn and see. She had to. But she couldn't. What if there was someone standing at the door watching her? What if that was Lauren, testing her to see if she broke position. She couldn't take any more of the cane. Her ass burned from the strokes she had received, each welt a separate hurt that still stung.

How long had the door been open. It had to be a good five minutes. She should have been counting. How long could it take to do whatever Lauren had to do? Should she start counting now. It couldn't hurt. One cre...One Mississippi. There went that idea. She couldn't keep counting after that. What the fuck was wrong with her.

"Ok Kitty."

Katie almost jumped out of her skin, squealing at the sudden voice at her ear. How the hell had she moved so quietly. It must be this thick carpet, Katie mused as her heart rate slowly lowered to normal.

"Ha ha, Kitty, you're so hilarious. Stand still while I wipe you down. You got all moist from those exercises. And I don't mean that sweet pussy either, though there isn't any doubt of that. I could smell it from the landing."

Katie flushed a deep crimson. She had been able to smell her arousal for some time, but she had hoped it was just her - she knew what she smelt like and noticed it more easily. She didn't know why she felt so terrible, knowing this other girl could smell her sex, she only wanted it to stop.

A warm wet cloth was pressed to her back. Katie tensed at the first touch but the slow caressing movement of the washcloth on her sweaty body felt so good she soon relaxed, sighing as the glistening sheen of salty moisture was removed with such tenderness. She tensed again as the rough cloth was drawn across the abused flesh of her buttocks, but the pain was brief and but a shadow of what she had felt as the marks had been applied.

Katie surrendered herself to the intimate cleansing, imagining herself at a trendy day-spa. The illusion was shattered as Lauren moved in front of her and began gently washing her breasts. As much as she wanted to she could not take her eyes off the other girl. She was not looking at Katie, instead focusing on the task at hand, so she timid teen did not have to contend with those hypnotic blue eyes.

Instead she looked at the shiny brown hair, collected in a neat ponytail, the small stud earrings that looked like tiny black pearls, the tight t-shirt that she wore, the way it stretched across her small breasts, a visible tenting of material between the rock hard nipples, the taut, flat belly, the tiny shorts that started only inches above her pubis and ended just below her buttocks, showing a vast expanse of toned thigh.

As Lauren crouched to better wash her legs, Katie realised what she was doing. She was being washed by another girl, made to stand still as she was subjected to having her body cleaned as if she was a mere object, a car or even a family pet. Her mind flew back to the everpresent reason for being in this predicament and she bit her lips in despair. She really was being treated like property and what was her response? To check out her tormentor.

It was then she realised that Lauren had not closed the door. She had been exposed this entire time. She was desperate to turn around and face the door, just to catch a glimpse, to see if anyone was watching this intimate and degrading scene. But she could not move. She couldn't even turn her head, Lauren was sure to see and she would be punished. She had to blink away fresh tears, telling herself there was no one there. The need to see had grown into a compulsion as she mulled over the consequences of just one little peek. But she simply could not do it.

"Last but not least," said Lauren, resting the washcloth across Katie's left shoulder and retrieving her panties from the desk.

The tears that had been threatening rolled down her cheeks as Lauren turned the panties inside out and wiped the rough material of the crotch against the sopping wet entrance to her vagina.

"Now Kitty, as lovely as your tears are I think you are just being silly now. Don't be such a poopy-pants."

Katie bit her lip at the chastisement. Her panties were folded neatly and replaced on the desk. Where did Lauren get the power to make her feel so small and helpless. She felt as if she was a little girl being told off for making a mess.

"Pop that back in the bathroom, to the left Kitty," Lauren ordered as she began pottering about at the desk.

Katie looked wide-eyed at Lauren's back. She couldn't go outside. What if someone saw her? What if she was trapped between the bathroom and the flimsy security of Lauren's room. She couldn't go out there naked as the day she was born, she couldn't but she knew she would. The sooner she obeyed the sooner she would be back, and safe. With each passing moment Mrs Harper could be coming up those stairs.

Her decision made, Katie rushed out of the room, her pert breasts bouncing as she ran. An open door a few feet down the hall beckoned to her. She breathed a sigh of relief as she entered the tiled bathroom, she didn't know what she would have done if it had been the wrong room. Her heart pounded with the fear of being court, each quick pulse of blood through her veins made her feel as if she was on fire.

Katie was tempted to throw the washcloth in the sink and dash back to Lauren's room but the lesson of folding her panties had stayed with her. She flicked the small square of cloth and draped it carefully over a steel rung from which hung the Harper family's towels. Her task completed she scurried back to the bedroom, bouncing along on her tip toes like a thief in the night.

"Close the door, Kitty. Lock it as well."

At last, Katie thought, the tension that had kept her stomach in knots easing a little now that she knew her nudity would not be observed. Apart from Lauren of course, the 16 year old girl who styled herself Katie's new owner. From her there was no escape, at least not for now. Katie dutifully secured the little bedroom from the outside world, almost instinctively moving to the centre of the room to wait.

"I have a gift for you Kitty,&#8221; Lauren said.

Even with her head bowed, Katie could tell Lauren was smiling. In the short time she had been at her mercy, she had come to realise that Lauren&#8217;s emotions were clear for all to see. Her voice was so expressive, each tiny hint of anger, happiness, frustration and even desire was there for Katie to recognise. And now she could tell Lauren was not just smiling, she was barely able to control her excitement. Katie&#8217;s belly tightened as the fear of what could make the girl so happy weighed upon her. Humiliation and degradation had so far been Katie&#8217;s reward for her owner&#8217;s happiness.

&#8220;Kneel,&#8221; commanded Lauren. &#8220;Head up Kitty, I want to look at that pretty face. There we are,&#8221; cooed Lauren.

Katie looked warily at her owner. She almost flinched when she saw Lauren&#8217;s hand reach for her, but caught herself in time. She had nothing to fear, this time. The tenderness with which Lauren brushed her hair back over her left ear made the naked teen aware, more than ever, of her vulnerable position. Kneeling on the floor, naked, legs spread obscenely &#8211; she was completely at the mercy of the clearly perverted girl. She didn&#8217;t want to know what this gift was. It was bound to be something that was designed to humiliate her, maybe even hurt her. Lauren had so far gifted her with a painfully marked bottom, puffy red eyes and humiliating memories that would stay with her always.

&#8220;Now Kitty, it is always nice for a slave to bear the mark of her owner, to wear a symbol of her possession. This is your collar.&#8221;

Katie&#8217;s eyes widened as Lauren turned back to her, a thin circle of shiny silver metal resting on a small purple cushion held before her. It was almost like a coronation but this was no crown. A collar? She was going to wear a collar? Like a dog? To be fair the circle of metal looked more like some chunky alternative&nbsp; necklace but the intent was more important than the appearance. Katie was deeply apprehensive, wanting desperately to scramble to her feet and huddle in a corner. She had suffered much at the hands of her classmate but the thought of having a collar forced around her neck was too much to bear. And yet she did nothing. She remained on her knees, staring at the shining circlet as Lauren lifted it from the cushion and split the collar open.

An almost invisible diagonal hinge allowed the collar to open wide enough to be slipped around her neck. Katie&#8217;s entire body shuddered, a full-body shiver, as the cool metal made contact with the delicate skin of her throat. Katie looked up timidly, daring to meet Lauren&#8217;s gaze. Those piercing turquoise eyes held the young girl, frightening yet strangely reassuring. The moment passed and Lauren moved behind her, already moving to close the collar, fastening it snugly about her. Katie swallowed nervously as the collar encircled her slender neck. 

&#8220;Don&#8217;t you look gorgeous. Oh Kitty,&#8221; Lauren gushed, clasping her hands together in delight. &#8220;A tiny little locking pin will keep your collar secure so you don&#8217;t ever have to worry about it coming off. This itty bitty thing here is the key which I will always keep safe so you don&#8217;t have to worry about that either.&#8221;

Katie looked at the tiny object in Lauren&#8217;s hand. She caught only the briefest of glimpses and had no idea what it really looked like but she watched Lauren like a hawk until she placed the key in a drawer of her desk, though it was not as if it wasn&#8217;t getting moved the second Katie left the room. Lauren smiled as she spied Katie&#8217;s interest. The pin had only to be turned 90 degrees and then any ordinary magnet would be able to retract the tiny metal shaft, but this was knowledge she did not want to burden Katie with. As far as Katie was concerned the collar was unable to be removed by anyone but her owner, and that was exactly how Lauren wanted it.

&#8220;What do you think Kitty? Isn&#8217;t it beautiful?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; Katie replied with a palpable lack of enthusiasm. The cool metal ring had already warmed&nbsp; but the feel of it against her skin made her feel trapped and panicky.
&#8220;You may thank me Kitty.&#8221;
&#8220;Thank you Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;Oh Kitty, my little shy slut. You know how a slave thanks her owner when she receives a present, be it a shiny new collar or a lesson in being a better slave,&#8221; Lauren admonished, the mock seriousness obvious in her tone.

Katie sighed and rose to her feet, reticent to demean herself yet again and more than a little fearful of her body&#8217;s further betrayal.&nbsp; Lauren waited patiently for the naked girl to come to her, eager to feel the soft lips against her own, breathless at the thought of the naked body pressed against her. The collar shined under the soft lights and Lauren knew she had never seen anything more beautiful. That slim sliver of metal, hard and intractable resting against the soft, delicate neck of her Kitty brought Lauren a pleasure that surely could never be equalled. It had taken weeks to narrow down her choice to two collars, but she had decided on this one because of the ingenious locking mechanism: so simple yet so devilishly complex for the uninitiated. She had used the very last of her birthday and Christmas money and the uncertainty of whether she had chosen the right sizing had gnawed at her for days. But right now all she could do was revel in the sight.

As Katie leaned in for her kiss, Lauren realised she had been holding her breath. She breathed out, into Katie&#8217;s mouth as they came together, each girl opening and accepting the other, the mutual passion evident to both. This time Lauren could hold her ardour in check no longer. Her left hand reached to caress the back of Katie&#8217;s neck, her little finger brushing the collar, sending a shock of pleasure through both girls. Her right hand slid down to cup a breast, the small nipple coming alive under the sensual touch. Lauren squeezed with both hands as she pushed her tongue tenderly forward. Her heart skipped a beat as Katie&#8217;s lips parted, granting her access to the moist warmth within. Just what had she managed to find in this girl?

As before it was Lauren who broke the embrace, leaving her charge breathing heavily, her pouting mouth still opened in a silent plea. Katie opened her eyes slowly, her arousal making her movements drowsy and languid. She came to with a start, blushing furiously as she realised what she had done. Was she destined to forever remained red faced and feverish?

Katie jumped and squealed aloud at the sudden knock on the door. She whipped her head around the room, looking for a way out or the nearest place to hide. She was naked in this girl&#8217;s room, a girl she really knew nothing about and who she had barely spoken to though they had many of the same classes together. Even the sight of Lauren, as calm as ever, could do nothing to assuage her panic.

&#8220;You need anything dear?&#8221; called Mrs Harper.
&#8220;No thanks Mom, Katie is going to be leaving soon, she has to get home. Could you give her a ride?&#8221;
&#8220;Sure hon, just let me know when.&#8221;

Katie listened intently, barely able to hear Mrs Harper&#8217;s receding footsteps. She would be going home soon! Her heart was beating so fast she thought it was about to burst from her chest. She couldn&#8217;t stop her knees from trembling, the unused adrenalin still coursing through her body. She had never been so scared in her life. Katie froze as Lauren&#8217;s almost uncontrollable laughter bounced around the room. Sure it was hilarious, but she wasn&#8217;t the one naked, collared and with a burning red bum.

&#8220;Oh Kitty, you are so funny,&#8221; Lauren barely managed between bursts of laughter. &#8220;You should have seen yourself.&#8221;

Katie watched as Lauren froze on the spot, throwing her arms out to the side, eyes wide, head darting back and forth in alarm. Her impression was uncannily accurate and Katie could not help but join in with the infectious laughter that was threatening Lauren&#8217;s very ability to breathe.

Lauren fell, laughing, to the bed. She clutched her sides and rolled around atop the bed, unable to stop. Katie watched her, laughing along softly. She was quite pretty, slim and athletic. As she laughed Katie could see her stomach muscles contract, fascinated by the play of muscle under taut, tanned skin. Her face was a little long, but her slim straight nose and sensuous, curving mouth complemented and somehow softened her features. Maybe not pretty actually, but definitely very cute in a pixielike way.

It was the eyes however, those sparkling turquoise eyes, so pale and captivating, that Katie could not ignore. They seemed to have a power hidden deep within. How had she never taken any notice of her before? They had four classes together, at least. Was it because Lauren was into sports and Katie was not? The only sport Katie ever participated in was shopping, but at that she figured she could set a world record.

Katie snapped back to reality so fast it was almost dizzying. What the fuck was she doing? How the fuck could she be laughing with this girl? She was naked, collared and frightened. She had been spanked, caned and forced to humiliate herself half a hundred times. Her body had been inspected like she was some prize cow ready to be put paraded at a show. All these things and more had been perpetrated by this girl. This slip of a girl, barely any bigger, though Katie had to admit, much stronger, than she was. But she was still just a girl her own age, how could she do this?

Sure girls could be cruel, Katie thought. She remembered Ashley Lauer. Her friends had turned on her when she kissed a boy one of them had a crush on. They humiliated her, bullied her so bad that she changed schools. She could do that. Maybe she should, cut her losses and change to a different school? That would not solve the problem. Lauren would probably just track her down, and ruin her there. And of course there was her parents, and her sister, and her grandma!&nbsp; No one could see that video. No one.

Lauren finally got herself under control. The sight of Katie standing naked and forlorn in the middle of the room helped her focus. She wasn&#8217;t done with the girl yet. She had noticed her laughing, albeit somewhat reservedly. That was a good sign. She was sure to be upset, a million and one thoughts must be buzzing around that pretty head of hers but the fact she could laugh, especially at herself, made Lauren&#8217;s blood race. She could see, by Katie&#8217;s now hard demeanour, that she had quickly regretted her moment of joy. She could regret it all she liked, thought Lauren, but she could not deny it had happened. That must have been eating her inside. She could almost feel the doubt gnawing at the young girl.

&#8220;Ok Kitty, we better get ready to go. You may get dressed, socks first, then your bra, then jeans, then shoes then shirt. I have a few instructions that I want you to listen to carefully. No more jeans to school, Kitty. I want to see you in some pretty skirts, until I can see what is in your wardrobe, you may choose. Oh and you are to bring your dildo. Do you have more than that glass one?"

"No Miss," Katie replied, mortified at what she was being asked to do. This was something very different to what had happened this afternoon. That had been behind closed doors. She didn't know if she could deal with her torment spilling out into her time at school.
"That was a very pretty one Kitty. Where did you get it?"
"Online Miss," Katie murmured, unwilling to discuss her sex toy purchasing.

Katie had been dressing as she had been told, the order was weird but she didn't think too much of it. Her afternoon hadn't exactly been normal. She winced as she slid her jeans up over her buttocks, the tight denim pushed cruelly against her abused buttocks making each movement a fresh agony. She would have no trouble not wearing jeans to school she thought, though that didn't really help her accept the fact that she was even being told what to wear.

As the young girl slipped her t-shirt over her head she thought again of the collar that now encircled her neck. What would it look like? On the pillow and in Lauren's hands it had seemed such a small, delicate thing but as it had been fitted around her slender neck it had felt huge and heavy. What would her parents say about it? What if they told her to take it off? What would the other girls at school say?

"Kitty, take your shirt and bra off. Then you can put your shirt back on. Your bra can go in your bag. I think those boobs spend far too much time all cooped up. It&#8217;s not as if you even need a bra anyway. They are so tight, it's awesome," Lauren gushed.

Katie begged to differ, but dared say nothing. Her breasts were high and firm, but they were twice as big as Lauren's, what did she know? They still bounced and jiggled when she walked and a bra was her best line of defence in keeping her nipples from being a nuisance. She knew how the boys all talked when they saw the mere hint of a hard nipple. She obeyed nonetheless, folding her bra into her bag when she was once again dressed.

"Fetch me my green tee and my trainers," Lauren ordered.

Was she supposed to know where stuff was? Her wardrobe was a complete mess but she had her own system. She hoped Lauren's wardrobe was not the same. When she slid back one door all the way her eyebrow raised questioningly. The wardrobe was unfailingly neat. Fucking OCD. All the skirts were together, short and long separated, then jeans and pants, then shirts and blouses and then dresses. At the bottom of the wardrobe all Lauren's shoes were neatly lined up. She might have known she would be some OCD neat freak.

Katie was thankful there was only one green t-shirt hanging up but there were three different sets of trainers. She had no idea which ones she was to get, but like it made a difference. She snatched up the pair closest to the door and kneeled before Lauren - shoes in one hand, shirt in the other.

Lauren smiled at her girl kneeling meekly before her. She was a quick learner and that was good for everyone. "Those are my lacrosse shoes dummy. Get the cross-trainers."

Katie scurried back abashed at being called a dummy. She had never seen lacrosse shoes, how the hell was she to know. At least she wasn't being punished, she thought. Yeah what a consolation. She was running around fetching clothing for a girl her own age, faithfully playing the part of the dutiful slave - the part that Lauren had written so deftly for her.

"That's right Kitty. You can stand in the corner now, facing the wall. Hands behind your back. Off you go." Katie blushed as she moved into the corner. "In the corner Kitty, not near it."

Katie shuffled forward into the corner of the room, her breasts flattening against the walls. What was this all about now? She had done what she had been told. Why was she in the corner like a naughty girl sent to time-out? Had she done something wrong? The doubt ate away at her as Lauren dressed silently behind her.

"Ok Kitty. Come here and thank me for a lovely afternoon."

Katie eagerly turned to her owner. The few short moments she had spent pressed in the corner had been some of her most miserable. She couldn't say why, and that had only increased the despair she had felt. Now she would have to kiss Lauren again. She had never kissed a girl before today and she was still plagued by the same trepidation she had felt the first time.

"Thank you for a lovely afternoon Miss," Katie said dutifully before leaning in, her lips parting as they met the other girl's. Lauren kissed her three times, short sensuous kisses, the last a mere brushing of soft lips.

"I think we both learned a lot today, didn't we Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied sincerely. Too fucking right we learned a lot today. I learned I am a fucking idiot and you are a freaked out pervert.
"We better get you home. First though," Lauren said as she stepped back from her girl. "You don't wear much makeup do you Kitty?"
"No Miss, I am not wearing any."
"That beautiful skin doesn't need it, but I think just a little eyeliner would make you look even cuter. Come on, I'll show you how."

Katie allowed herself to be led by the hand back to the bathroom. She immediately thought of the washcloth, had she put it back in the right place? That strange, inconsequential thought was blasted from her brain by a greater, more pressing concern. What would her collar look like? Lauren bounced along, excited to show her property another skill to make her a better, prettier slave. Her enthusiasm however, was not infectious. Katie had too much on her mind to take any part in the exuberance of her owner.

The instant she stepped into the bathroom she turned to the mirror. Katie halted as Lauren let go of her hand and opened a drawer beside the sink. It was unmistakable, unmissable. The circle of metal shined under the bright bathroom lights. The half-inch high metal band sat low on her neck, it felt snug, as if it hugged the soft flesh of her throat but she could see that she could easily fit at least one finger between metal and skin.

"Beautiful isn't it Kitty. You look so awesome in it. You'll always be reminded that you belong to me. How great is that?"

Katie simply stared at herself in the mirror, the shining silver band all she could see. She was sure it would be all that anyone saw. There was no way to hide it, unless she wore a turtleneck. Would everyone know what she was? Don't be stupid she chided. Who would even think that she was wearing this because a girl in the same grade, in the same class, was blackmailing her into being her slave.

That was the first time that Katie realised she was being blackmailed. That was exactly what was happening. She did know, it was just that there had been so much going on that she had never really put a name to it, never really found the right word. Blackmail was illegal right? Yeah but it's not as if you can go to the cops with this, she thought forlornly. There was no one to help her here.

"Now Kitty, a little eyeliner will make all the difference but you have to remember that less is more. I dont want you looking like one of that sad panda-eyed emo bitches. Face me Kitty. Eyes open silly, when you do this you are going to have to see. I will do one eye and you can do the other ok.

"Always use an eyeliner pencil. You start at the very inside of your eye and trace gently along the eyelash line. Like this, right. Then you go to the outside and move in until you have covered the whole length. Lots of small strokes, see.

"Then you take the smudger and go across the line. Like that, nice and gentle. See Kitty, so much prettier. You look awesome. Just a little work for such yummy results. Now you do the other one."

Katie took the proffered eyeliner pencil and turned to the mirror. She could see the deep pink blush that coloured her cheeks, the visual accompaniment to the heat she had been feeling. She would never have imagined that being told how to put makeup on would be so humiliating. She was sixteen, she knew how to put makeup on. She just didn't because she couldn&#8217;t be bothered. But now she had a reason to.

"Oh good girl," Lauren clapped when Katie smoothly applied the eyeliner to her right eye. "You are a quick learner. A slave listens to everything her owner says, constantly learning and improving.

Katie's blush intensified at the praise but she continued to smudge the neat lines she had made. How could everything, every simple little thing, be turned against her to make her feel humiliated, diminished somehow. The bizarre juxtaposition of emotions she felt when Lauren called her a 'good girl' made her head spin.

"There Kitty, don't you just look gorgeous. You look so delicious I could just eat you all up," Lauren giggled.

Katie looked at herself in the mirror, her attention resting only briefly on the admittedly attractive way the deep green of her eyes was accentuated by the makeup, it even managed to hide some of the red, puffiness caused by her crying. She could see nothing else but the collar. It had a hypnotic effect upon the pretty teenager.

"We have to go now Kitty. You can admire yourself more later, just remember that a slave always seeks to be pleasing to her owner. Come on."

Katie was led by the hand once more, back to Lauren's room, where she collected her bag, and then downstairs. She winced with each step, the rough material of her jeans chafing the tender flesh of her behind. First thing she was going to do when she got home was get these jeans off.

Mrs Harper chatted amiably to Katie on the short ride to her house. Katie put on a brave face, giving her best pretence of a happy teenage girl, keen for Mrs Harper to be completely oblivious to the turmoil that raged within her. Lauren was sweet and bubbly but she had no reason not to be. If she had been asked, later, to remember what had been said during that trip she could not have guessed one word. All her thoughts were on the collar that sat around her neck, the symbol that she was now someone's property, no matter how badly she wanted it not to be true. The marks on her ass would fade, but the collar would remain, a silent testament of her new status in life.









Chapter 2&nbsp; Remote Control

"You have mail."

Those three tiny words had quickened her pulse and she had almost dropped her phone. Three days. Three damn days. Three long days of anxious waiting and nothing. She had been fearful the first day, frustrated the second and just plain angry on the third. Was Monday afternoon all that it would be? Was all Lauren's talk of being a slave, what a slave should do, blah blah blah, was all that just talk? It had sounded like she had read it from some perverted book. Katie was glad that it might all have ended, she could get on with her life, stop living in constant fear but she couldn&#8217;t know for sure. It was all just guesswork at the moment and the uncertainty was making her nervous and uneasy.

And now this. It was an innocent enough text, but the number it had come from had caused her eyes to widen in shock. Her phone had identified the caller as 'My Owner'. When the hell had Lauren managed to do that? Katie deleted the text&nbsp; and threw the phone back in her bag. There were another two classes before she could get home and check her email.

As she sat in math class, she remembered back to that Monday afternoon, back to those nightmarish few hours. She had rushed upstairs, as soon as she got home, stripped off the painful jeans and lost herself in a shower. She huddled on the floor, letting the hot water fall on her like rain, willing it to wash away the pain and humiliation that seemed so deeply ingrained within her. She had scrubbed her body hard and spent almost two minutes looking at the collar in the mirror, trying to devise some way of getting it off. She had always thought that it was rather clichd when she saw women in movies try to find solace in a shower after they had been defiled, but it had made her feel better. And that is exactly what had happened, Katie thought. She had been defiled.

Luckily her mother had been busy cooking dinner and her father had been engrossed in the news. She had yelled a hello but she would have to come down for dinner soon. She could not hide the collar, but nor had she needed to. Her mother had commented how pretty it looked and that was that. She had been frantic over nothing.

The pattern had continued at school the next day. She got a few looks but no one said a thing. Katie could not dismiss the thought that everyone knew, that they were laughing at her, calling her slut and slave behind her back. She knew she was being paranoid but she couldn't stop it. Innocent, whispering groups of girls in the hall, turned into packs of nasty bitches singling her out for torment with their harsh condemnations and cruel laughter. Boys looked at her as if she was on display in a shop window, ready for sale. She knew it was all imagined but knowing did not stop the feeling.

She had worn the skirts that Lauren had ordered. She was glad to do so, her ass still hurt when she sat down but this morning the pain had all but faded. She could still see the thin bruises left by the cane and they hurt if she touched them but it was a manageable pain. She had fulfilled her owner's other order as well. She kept her bag within reach at all times, ever fearful that it would spill open and her dildo would roll out. It was securely tied up in the little felt bag that it had arrived in but still, the irrational fear that it would be found hovered over her like a dark cloud, making her jumpy and anxious whenever someone approached her.

She checked her phone after every class, afraid of what she might find, but strangely disappointed when there was nothing. She caught herself stealing glances at Lauren in the classes they had together, but the other girl seemed not to even notice her. It was maddening. Had it all been a game after all, just some brief humiliation? But she was still collared, the bright metal band a constant reminder of her situation.

Lauren was sat two rows behind her and it was all Katie could do not to look back at her, hoping to catch her eye and know where they stood. The uncertainty was killing her. She should go up and talk to her, find out herself, but each time she made to approach her owner, her courage failed her and she kept walking, clutching her bag like some crazy lady.

She couldn't focus on her schoolwork, knowing Lauren was so close and yet not knowing what to do. She found her hands straying to her collar without thinking. When she realised what she was doing, she snatched her hand away like a child caught raiding a cookie jar.

The last two periods passed in a daze. Katie soon found herself in her room, the end of school, the bus ride, saying hello to her Mother, it was all somehow blurred together, as if she was dreaming, unable to focus on the details of the world around her. She could think of nothing but getting to her computer. This was what she had been waiting for, dreading, for three days.

She pounced on her computer with an almost manic fervour, tapping the desk frantically as it booted up, her knee bouncing anxiously in time. Was this going to be the end of it? Had Lauren regretted what she had done? Was that why she had not said anything to her, or even acknowledged her for three days? Was it guilt? It had to be. The little bitch had realised how nasty she had been and how wrong it was and she couldn&#8217;t even face her, she had to email her apology.

Katie's fingers flew across the keyboard as she logged in and opened her email. She glanced through her unread messages until she saw one that she instantly recognised. The sender was some obscure hotmail address she had never heard of but the subject line was so very clear: For Kitty.

Katie's breath caught in her throat and she could feel her heart pounding in her chest. Her hands were clammy as she moved the mouse slowly to open the email.

Kitty

A new account has been created for you. The account name is OwnedKitty. The password is creamypussy. You will be online at 7 PM tonight.

Miss

That was it? That was enough. She had to go live on a webcam, back to where it all started. What would she be made to do? What did it matter, it was not like she needed any stronger evidence to be used against her. Katie sat back, the apprehension she had felt for three days melting away as she read the anticlimactic message again. At least now she knew it was not over. Was that knowledge a relief? Katie honestly could not tell how she felt. She would not be resuming her normal life. She couldn&#8217;t slip back into her old routine. What had she ever done to deserve this? Well she knew what she had done, brushed the unsettling thought from her mind, but that only explained why she was caught in this harrowing web it didn&#8217;t mean she deserved it. She had never hurt anyone, never teased anyone. She was a nice girl. This should have happened to Natasha Chambers, now she was a slut.

Seven o'clock was so far away. How was she going to keep busy until then? The waiting would be too much if she did not keep herself occupied. She knew of one thing she had to do, the sooner it was done the better. She retrieved her bag from where she had unceremoniously dumped it in her haste to check her email.

This was usually the first thing she did each day after school. She reached in and removed the black felt bag that contained her dildo. She shuffled to her desk, knelt down and removed the bottom draw. She popped the dildo in the empty cavity between the drawer above and the floor. The tiny bullet vibrator also rested within her hiding spot. That task completed, the fear of her parents unexpectedly stumbling across the sextoy in her schoolbag was removed for another day.

Katie quickly changed out of her schoolclothes, donning a cute bra and shorts set that she had bought at a little store she had found online. When she saw them she had to have them, but they had sat unused in her drawer for months. The shorts hugged her body tightly and only just came past her buttocks. The bra was tight too, hugging her young breasts like a second skin. She had tried them on once and then been too self-conscious to wear them again, but it wasn't like she did any exercise anyway. She had no idea why she had even bought them.

Yet now here she was. She locked the door but Katie never felt that was enough, always making sure to throw some clothes against the door to give her a few moments if she was surprised and somehow the lock failed. She did so now before lying down on the carpet, raising her body up onto her elbows and beginning the set of exercises Lauren had proscribed for her three days before.

She had not missed a day, both morning and afternoon. She didn't know if Lauren would have a way to know if she had not being doing as she was told but she could not take the risk. Each day with no word had made it harder and harder to make the effort to change and actually do what she had been set but still she had not missed a turn.

One creamy pussy, she counted as her muscles strained to hold the position. Tuesday morning, she had started counting without the lewd addition Lauren had ordered but it had felt wrong to Katie. She assigned that feeling to fear, fear that somehow she would slip up if asked, fear that she would be punished. She wasn't even really sure if it had been an order or just some humiliating joke that Lauren had dreamed up on the spot but she felt it best to take no chances.

The plank was the easiest exercise of the three but it still taxed her young body. She was trembling before she had counted ten and shaking uncontrollably by the time the thirtieth creamy pussy had been silently counted. Katie always gave herself a rest between exercises. She needed it. She could feel a thin sheen of sweat had already formed over her bare skin. Did Lauren sweat like this when she exercised, Katie thought. No doubt she did but Lauren had a slim, toned athlete&#8217;s body. She would surely be able to do a lot more before she started breaking a sweat.

Katie wondered, as she always did when performing her morning and afternoon drill, if the exercises were getting any easier. Was she getting any fitter? She thought she could feel an improvement but what did she know. Lauren would judge that.

She had ached that first morning. Her ass of course, after the punishment it had taken the day before it was a wonder she had been able to sleep at all. But it was the rest of her body that surprised her. She could feel muscles she had never known she had. They were a little painful, but it was a good pain. She couldn't quite explain that, it just felt good to stretch and move and feel the tightness in her muscles. She had felt it the entire day: a twinge in her belly when she leaned over to pick up her schoolbag, a stretch in her thighs when she hurried to catch the bus. And when she did the exercises that afternoon, she felt it intensely, as a real pain, not the transient discomfort she had experienced during the day.

And yet now, as she lifted her legs off the floor and counted the six creamy pussies of the first rep of her leg lifts, it was a different sensation altogether. She had looked it up on the net and knew all about endorphins and the exercise high but to experience it was nothing like what she had read. It was still hard work and she blushed throughout, acutely aware of what she was doing and why, but she could not deny that it felt good.

Katie rested again between the second and third set of leg lifts. She was breathless and her muscles burned. Lauren had not permitted her this time to rest but Katie knew she needed it, just for a few moments. A few deep breaths later and she lifted her legs for the third time, grunting softly as she did so. She was panting and moaning when her legs dropped to the floor. She lay there for a few seconds to gather her breath. The final exercise was the hardest by far. She knew she would be huffing and puffing once it was complete, her heart pounding for minutes after she had finished.

Just a few moments more, she told herself. Then I'll do it. She did this every time, delaying what she knew she had to do for just a few seconds more as if that would make it any easier. She finally dragged herself to her feet and stood at attention. She always started this exercise like that.

Down and up. "Kitty wants to please." Down and up. "Kitty wants to please."

Katie spoke in a breathy whisper that she hoped could not be heard even if someone was waiting at her door. She knew that saying the words under her breath was not good enough, not like the counts she had to keep, but she made sure she was as quiet as possible. She was sure her parents didn't even know she was exercising. She was adept at keeping things from her parents and she knew she would have to make use of that skill extensively if her predicament was to remain undetected.

"Kitty wants to please," she gasped for the final time. She remained standing at attention, chest heaving wildly as she struggled for breath. She always made sure that she kept to her feet for at least a few seconds after her exercises had ended. She keenly remembered what had happened when she had not.

Her task complete, her obligation fulfilled, Katie collapsed on the ground and lay panting, letting the adrenalin rush wash over her. She ignored her hard nipples and thought instead of how she would spend the next few hours. The tiny pink buds had stiffened the very first time she had exercised on her own. It had disturbed her then, but now it seemed to be part of the drill. Though the reasons why, she was still not willing to face.

Homework. She should do her homework. First though she needed to wash away the sweat. She wet a small washcloth and hurried back to her room, stripped off her clothes, folding them neatly, which was a definite break with tradition for her, and wiped her body. She knew she was imitating the humiliating experience of that afternoon, but she couldn't very well have a shower every time and she hated staying sweaty.

She stood naked in the middle of her room as she dried. Her hands drifted to the collar as they seemed to do so often. She ran her fingers along the hard metal circle, feeling the almost invisible join and the tiny pinlike depression of the lock. She pushed it up her neck until it bumped against her jaw before she let it fall.

There were some moments when she almost forgot she was wearing it, almost, but it was times like this, whenever she was naked or when her thoughts turned to Lauren, that the collar made itself known. It was times like this that she could think of nothing else. Last night she had lost almost an hour staring at herself in the mirror, mesmerised by the band at her throat.

Once she was dry Katie put her schoolclothes back on: skirt, panties, bra and blouse. No one would ever know what she had just done. No one but her and her owner. The thought caused sparks to burst under her skin, as if sudden pins and needles had erupted throughout her entire body. No one but her and Lauren she corrected, blushing at the lapse, and would Lauren even know? Should she come right out and tell her? Would that seem like boasting? Why did she care if Lauren knew or not? If the bitch wanted to know she could ask, decided Katie, dismissing all further thoughts on the matter. She hated these mental gymnastics she had been engaged in ever since Monday afternoon. Her mind seemed to jump chaotically, go sliding off on tangents, all of which seemed designed to upset her. She tried to control it, but it wasn&#8217;t until she was well immersed in a particular scenario that she realised and put a stop to it. Exactly what had happened to her during those few hours?

Katie took the homework assignments out of her bag. She had to start work on these, anything to occupy her mind. She had been anxious for contact to be made and she thought she would be calm when it did but her mind was racing: heading down roads that she did not want to travel. She needed occupying. She lost herself in her schoolwork until she was called to dinner. The meal passed in a dreamlike blur for the young girl, hardly tasting the food. She asked to be excused and scurried back to her room as soon as she could, though not so quickly as to arouse suspicion.

For the next hour Katie could not sit still. She changed her clothes three times, though why she could not say. She tried to answer a few emails but could not focus, each time coming back to the short missive from her owner. She had checked her webcam a hundred times and was on the site and ready to log in well before seven o'clock rolled around, her body tense, her stomach tight and fluttery.

At five to seven she logged in. There it was, her new account - OwnedKitty. Katie had felt her cheeks burn when she had entered the details, especially the password. She checked the webcam again, centred it and checked out the profile details that had been set up for her. Her mood had been set to happy and her profile picture was a pretty little black cat that seemed awfully familiar to her. That was all she had time for. She was streaming live and someone was viewing. It felt as if molten lava was flowing through her veins and she realised that she was holding her breath. She breathed in deeply and checked the chat.

"Hello Kitty."

Katie went to type but was stopped by the next message.

"No typing Kitty."
"Hello Miss," Katie said softly into the microphone that sat on the desk in front of her.
"Show me what you are wearing."

Katie stood up and turned around slowly, showing Lauren the short pleated tartan skirt she wore and the white singlet top. "Everything Kitty," was the message waiting for her when she turned back to the screen.

Katie swallowed and lifted up her skirt, exposing the plain white cotton panties that she wore underneath. She dropped the skirt and lifted her tight top to display the plain white bra she wore. Katie could see the bright pink colour of her cheeks as she sat back down. The memories of Monday crashed back upon her. She had almost forgotten the terrible humiliation she had experienced as she had been tormented and treated at times like an animal and at others like an object.

"Panties off Kitty, they are hideous. You are not to wear them again."

Katie cringed at the comment but stood up and obediently removed her undergarments, hooking her thumbs in the waistband and sliding them down her legs. She folded them neatly and placed them on the desk.

"Throw them in the bin Kitty. You won't be wearing them again and the sight of something so ugly offends me."

Katie did not know what was so wrong with her panties. They were just ordinary white cotton panties. She did as she was told and dutifully threw them in the bin, already thrown off-balance by the very first exchange of the session.

"Show me your dildo Kitty."

Katie flew off her chair and retrieved the dildo from her hiding place. She fumbled with the drawstring but soon had the seven inch glass dildo free. She lay the glass shaft on her upturned palms, offering it the camera. The dildo was a series of small spheres, joined together creating a shaft of transparent ridges that had served the teenager well. The curved glass warped her vision, creating weird shapes when she looked through it, like some strange fairground attraction.

Tuck your skirt into your top Kitty. Shuffle that cute butt to the edge of the chair and show me how you like to use that dildo.

Katie did as she was told, hesitating only when the tip of the dildo, the smallest glass sphere, pushed past her thick bush of black curls and touched her lips. She was following the orders almost without thought. They were only words on a screen, typed by someone called Redvelvetlines. How did she even know it was Lauren? She knew. How she knew she couldn&#8217;t say, but she knew. The young girl had never been more sure of anything in her life.

Before Lauren had a chance to berate her for hesitating, Katie plunged the dildo inside her. She sighed as the smooth glass shaft bumped past her plump lips, each inch growing wider and wider. The clear shaft slid inside her sleek tunnel, teasing the silky folds of her sex. Katie had guessed she was wet even before the dildo had entered her, but the ease with which her intimate cleft was penetrated removed all doubt. With each gentle stroke the panting teenager forced more of the dildo inside her, moaning as the glassy intruder slithered ever deeper.

Katie kept her eyes glued to the screen as she pleasured herself at her owner&#8217;s command. She could see the picture that Lauren would see: her skirt tucked roughly into her top, exposing her belly and the intimate space between her thighs, her face flushed with arousal, the glass dildo sliding in and out of her pussy. She watched and waited for Lauren to write. Without a visual cue Katie felt lost. She could feel the pleasure mounting, her hand thrusting faster to match the speed of her pounding heart. She couldn&#8217;t close her eyes, though she desperately wanted to. If she missed a command she would be in trouble.

Show me the dildo.

Katie moaned as she slid the glass shaft from her wet pussy and held it close to the camera, adjusting the distance so the image was crisp and clear. She could see the juices from her pussy smeared along the ridged length of the sex-toy, the thick white cream gathered in the valleys between the ridged spheres. How was she so wet so fast? If she had been given a little more time, a few more thrusts, she would have been unable to control her orgasm.

Clean it.

Katie lifted the dildo to her mouth, instantly popping the end of the shaft past her other lips. She tasted herself, the deep musky cream sending a wave of pleasure rushing down her neck as if someone had breathed in her ear. The tiny bumps of gooseflesh rippled her entire left side as she worked the dildo in and out of her mouth, savouring the flavour of her own arousal. Once the tip was clean, Katie took it out of her mouth and licked the shaft with her outstretched tongue, eagerly cleaning her cream as she twisted the glass rod.

Put the dildo on your chair and go downstairs. Make sure your parents agree to me sleeping over your house tomorrow night. You have five minutes.

Katie felt as if a bucket of cold water had been thrown over her. She carefully rested the glass shaft on her chair, wrenched her skirt down before flattening it carefully, and headed towards the door. How had she let herself get so carried away? Was it because Lauren was not there, not in person? Had she been able to trick herself into thinking she was on her own, pleasuring herself because of her own desire? Or was it because

Holy shit, what if they smell my pussy? Katie stopped just outside her door. She had been almost about to come, she hadn&#8217;t even touched her clit. The young girl could feel the wetness seeping from her sex, sopping the black curls that covered her nether lips. Was the smell of her sex on her breath? Did she have time to get some toothpaste? Would it make any difference with her pussy still juicing so heavily? Was that a squelching sound she had heard as she walked to the door? Could her pussy really make that sound?

Now you are just being stupid, she chided. And now you have only four minutes to convince Mom and Dad to let Lauren stay overnight. She hadn&#8217;t had a sleepover since she was twelve. Surely she was long overdue, her parents could not deny her. But what if they wanted to ask her a million questions? They had never heard of Lauren. She had told them she had been studying at Ayla&#8217;s on Monday afternoon. She had to have a strategy. She couldn&#8217;t just go blundering in and hope for the best. Why did she always feel stupid and frantic when performing a task? That question would take a lot more time to answer than she had, if she could answer it at all. Katie straightened her skirt once more.

Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. The tight singlet top she had chosen for the night&#8217;s event clung tightly to her body. Even with the bra underneath, her hard nipples could clearly be seen as two stiff circles in the tight white material. She couldn&#8217;t go back in her room and get a top, Lauren would see her and besides she had no time. And besides, she had not been told she could. And besides- shut the fuck up and move, she all but screamed. She would have to hope for the best, maybe she could just pop her head around the corner.

Katie rushed down the stairs, her breasts bouncing with each hurried step. Great, like that is going to help them go down, she thought. She squeezed her hands across her breasts in a feeble attempt to keep them in place as she descended the twisting stair. She paused for a moment at the bottom, took a deep breath, pulled her skirt down once more, straightening the pleats and sauntered into the lounge room where her parents sat together on the couch, watching some insanely boring renovation show on TV.

Mom? Dad? Can I have a friend sleepover tomorrow night. Her name is Lauren. Lauren Harper. She&#8217;s really lovely and she&#8217;s on the lacrosse team and she gets really good grades.

And how about you shut the fuck up for a minute, your babbling. Katie stood in the doorway, breathless after her outburst. Once the words had started flowing, she couldn&#8217;t get them to stop. She must have sounded mental.

Her parents looked at each other quizzically, then looked back at their young daughter. Katie was instantly self-conscious. She crossed her arms across her chest, but instantly flung them back at her sides when she realised all she had done was accentuate her young breasts, pushing her stiff nipples even tighter against her top, pointing them at her parents like tiny, sensual missiles. Katie blushed furiously, shuffling her feet and fidgeting with the pleats of her skirt as her parents looked on in bewilderment. They were staring at her nipples, she knew it. They knew what she had been doing. Could they smell her arousal from the couch? Please don&#8217;t ask me to come closer, she pleaded silently. She pulled her skirt down a little, irrationally afraid that somehow the act of not wearing any panties made her skirt unable to cover her intimate areas.

Sure hon, her mother said, the amused confusion evident even to the apprehensive teen.

Thanks Mom, Katie said, spinning on her heel and rushing back up the stairs. She flew into her room, threw the door shut and locked it. She leaned against the closed panel for a moment to collect her wits. She was panting as if she had run a mile, though whether that was from masturbating, the confrontation with her parents or the rush up the stairs she could not tell.

When she scurried back to her seat she noticed that Lauren had counted out the minutes she had been gone. She was down to thirty seconds. They said yes Miss, Katie said breathlessly as she sat down on the chair. She gripped the dildo tightly as she waited for Lauren&#8217;s response, the surface still slick and a little warm. She stared at the screen, waiting attentively for a word, anything to tell her that she had made it back in time, that she hadn&#8217;t failed, that Lauren wasn&#8217;t mad with her.

Show me how wet your cunt is.

Katie hesitated, unsure what to do with the dildo. Should she use the dildo or her fingers? Surely she couldn&#8217;t just shove her pussy right up to the camera. Or could she? If she angled the camera right and she spread her lips, maybe Lauren could see. She hated that word: cunt. It sounded so harsh and aggressive. Why was Lauren using it now? Was she upset with her? Had she done something wrong?

Put the dildo in your mouth Kitty. Then get some of those petite little fingers in that slit and show me how wet you are.

Katie did as she was told, sliding the glass dildo three ridges in. Her tongue pushed the ridged shaft against the roof of her mouth to keep it in place as she lifted up her skirt and plunged two fingers of her left hand inside her. She moaned softly as her fingers wriggled within her moistness, her fingertips playing across the sensitive folds she was still discovering.

The gasping teen withdrew her fingers, her plump wet lips staying open long after the questing fingers had been extracted. She lifted her cream smeared fingers to the camera. Katie parted the two glistening fingers, showing thin slimy ropes of cream slung between them, stretching to breaking point as the gap grew. Had she ever been this wet? Had she even been this wet when

Clean them Kitty. Tell me how your cunt tastes.

Katie removed the dildo and obediently slipped her fingers inside her mouth. Her tongue flickered and swirled over her cream covered fingers, cleaning them of all trace of her arousal in a matter of seconds. The second part of the order was harder for the young girl to face. She had tasted herself a few times, even before Lauren had ordered her to. She had always felt so rebellious, sexy and naughty when she did so. But to describe her taste? It was something she hadn&#8217;t thought of until now.

My pussy tastes a little bit sour, a little bit musky and a little but sweet Miss, Katie blurted out in a rush. She hadn&#8217;t really known what to say and even when she started speaking she wasn&#8217;t entirely sure what would come out.
I do like the taste of my own pussy Miss, Katie said in answer to Lauren&#8217;s next typed question.

You may dip again Kitty, slut&#8217;s don&#8217;t need to worry about double-dipping.

Katie could almost see the smile on Lauren&#8217;s face as she made the joke. A small grin fluttered on Katie&#8217;s lips, threatening to bloom into one of her devastating smiles but held back by the uncertainty and confusion the meek teen felt so keenly. Her fingers slid back inside the warmth of her pussy all too eagerly. Katie kept them together, curling them forwards to press on the front of her vagina as she withdrew them languidly.

In one swift motion her wet fingers were once again in her mouth, then in her pussy once more. Katie lost track of the number of times she licked her cream from her fingers, but with each plunge into her hot, moist depths she came closer and closer to climax.

Enough. Sit up straight.

Katie almost missed the command. She was moaning and panting like an animal as she felt her orgasm grow, all inhibitions destroyed by the imminent climax. Her hand paused halfway to her pussy before she let it fall shyly to her side. The sudden awareness of where she was and what she was doing made her feel like a slut, a huge slut. A massive, gargantuan mammoth sized slut. A God stop it please, she pleaded with herself, trying to reign in her unruly brain. She had never felt like this. She had never come without paying a lot of attention to her clit. She had felt her knees begin to go weak, the first sign that she was losing control and yet her tiny button had remained untapped.

Kitty. You will never touch your pussy without permission, except for ablutions. Do you understand?
Yes Miss, Katie whimpered, knowing that meant she would not be permitted to finish off this high on which she was currently coasting. Um Miss, what are ablutions?

When you clean yourself Kitty, you know how to clean yourself don&#8217;t you?

Yes Miss, Katie mumbled, mortified at her stupidity. She hadn&#8217;t heard the word before but it didn&#8217;t stop her from feeling dumb.

I will be the judge of that Kitty. You are so severely lacking in so many areas. It is part of a slave&#8217;s duty to keep herself clean and healthy for her owner.

Yes Miss, Katie whispered, deeply regretting asking the question. Why couldn&#8217;t she have just shut up?
Tomorrow, during second period you will excuse yourself to go to use the restroom. You will enter the third stall from the door. You will take out your dildo and you will pleasure yourself for four minutes exactly. You will clean the dildo and return to class. You will be gone no more than six minutes. You are to follow these instructions exactly. Any deviation will punished.
Yes Miss, Katie said meekly.
Kitty, you are to remain logged in to this account until you leave for school each morning. Each afternoon your first task after entering your house will be to log in. Indicate your understanding.
Yes Miss, I understand.
You will now shower, floss and brush your teeth. You will then return and brush your hair. Sixty-six strokes exactly Kitty. From this day forward you will remain naked after your evening shower. If you are called downstairs you are permitted to wear an outfit I shall choose for you. That is all.

Katie sat in front of her computer, staring at the screen for long moments after the last word appeared in the chat box. Was that it? How would she know if Lauren was still there, on the other end of the connection, watching her. Katie jumped, her hand clutching her heart when another message popped onto the screen. She could just imagine Lauren laughing at her skittishness.

You have nothing to say Kitty?

What was she supposed to say? Katie&#8217;s brain whirled into action. She had been sitting there like a rabbit in the headlights, unable, or unwilling, to move and begin fulfilling the orders she had been given. She had just pleasured herself at the remote command of her owner, a 16 year old girl. That was enough to leave anyone a little flustered. What was she suppose- You are so fucking dumb!

Thank you Miss, Katie said sincerely, relieved that her brain had not entirely failed her. She leaned in close to the cam and blew a kiss to her unseen owner.
Goodnight Kitty.
Goodnight Miss.

With that Katie scurried to the bathroom and stripped. She turned the water on and looked at herself in the large mirror as the water heated up. She could still see the signs of her arousal on her body. Her nipples were rock hard, Katie smiled wryly at the way they had popped free when she removed her bra, as if they were trying to launch themselves from her chest. Her face was flushed, arousal or shame? Her eyes sparkled as they always did when she bated. It was her pussy, however, that drew her attention. She could see the small dollop of cream that hovered in the tight bush of curls between her legs. It shined in the bright lights, like a rich jewel that begged to be plucked.

She had been forbidden to touch her pussy without permission. She could still feel the desire deep within her. She could feel it pulsing down her vagina, bursting at the entrance like a shower of sexual electricity. Her intimate lips tingled, begging to be touched, begging for release. She dared not. Would Lauren know? Was it possible to tell? What if she asked? Katie had always been a horrid liar and now that there was something real, something serious, at stake she knew she would be instantly discovered.

The naked teen reached for her collar, sliding a finger along its smooth flat edge. It was rounded at the top and bottom, for comfort she supposed. Katie shifted the collar up her neck as she leaned her chin in towards her throat. She knew she could not slip the collar over her chin, she had tried many times, but it was a game she played with herself. She had done the same thing with every necklace she had ever worn, sometimes even taking the thin metal links in her mouth and sucking on them, revelling in their metallic tang. But not with this collar. The young girl sighed and turned to the shower. She could touch her pussy while she washed, but that was hardly the same. She sighed again and stepped into the hot shower and let the soothing rain wash away her frustrations.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

Katie eased herself into the chair. She looked inquisitively at the computer. She still had one viewer &#8211; Redvelvetlines. Was Lauren there? Had she waited patiently for Katie to return? Or had she found something more important to do. What had she been doing while Katie had been plunging the dildo into her pussy? What had her owner been doing when she had been thrusting her fingers deep inside her and tasting the cream she found within? Had she been pleasuring herself as well? Katie blushed at the thought and flashed a guilty look at the webcam.

She had a task to complete though, so she had better get on with it. If Lauren was watching she didn&#8217;t want to disappoint her or be accused of laziness or disobedience. Katie reached for her brush, aware of how her breasts moved with each movement. Being naked caused such a jumble of emotions for the young girl, feelings she had never before contemplated. Each time she was without clothes, she now felt exposed and vulnerable yet strangely liberated as well. Even when she was alone she often felt herself blushing. She laid the blame firmly on the rigid band of metal that encircled her throat.

As she brushed her long black hair, long slow sinuous strokes, she watched herself on the screen using it as a mirror to follow her actions. Her collar provided a sparkling counterpoint to her jet black hair. In the soft light of her bedroom it looked as if it was almost radiating its own light, like a tiny sliver of the moon itself. She watched her breasts move, flattening slightly each time she reached up with the brush to begin a new stroke, swaying gently as the brush left her hair at the end of the downward movement. She was more aware of her body than she had ever been. She had never realised how much her pert breasts moved, how the hard pink nipples tightened the skin, the tiny bumps of her areola raised like sensuous gooseflesh. She looked at herself on the cam, surprised to see that her nipples were hard once again. How the hell had that happened? When had that happened? How could she possibly have been turned on by simply brushing her hair.

She knew of course, but she shied away from the truth. Try as she might she could not deny it.&nbsp; She was still feeling horny from her earlier dalliance. She didn&#8217;t think her pussy was creaming exactly but she knew she was a little wet. If only she had been allowed to come. The frustration was always there in the background, like some annoying hum from some unseen machine. She could fix all that so quickly. She knew it would not take long, two or three minutes.

Before she knew it her task was complete. Her hair shined and fell in smooth cascades about her pretty face, like a very slice of midnight itself. Her hair had once been much longer, almost halfway down her back, but she had it cut on a whim. She liked the shorter look, though it still hung well past her shoulders. Katie reached down and pinched her nipples. It was just a gentle squeeze but it sent jolts of pleasure shooting into her chest, radiating out through her breasts and sinking deeper into her body. Holy fuck, she thought, what is happening to me? What is this? Katie pushed her chair away from the table and threw herself down on her bed. She lay there for a long time, breathing heavily, doing her best to figure out just what was going on with her body.

Katie was frustrated and tired and she needed sleep. She dragged herself out of bed, turned off the light and scooched under the covers. She lay in the darkness for a long time. She stared at the ceiling of her room, her mind a whirling maelstrom from which she was unable to pluck a single cohesive thought.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

Lauren lay back in her bed, unable to see anything more from the live feed of Katie&#8217;s bedroom. Her Kitty had gone to bed and darkness would be her only reward for continued vigilance. She knew her girl had to be frustrated, it was clear to see: her face and her body betrayed her equally. Lauren slipped a hand under the sheets. The soft warm hand slid under the band of the pink panties she wore and delved between her smooth bare lips into the moist warmth that waited for her.

Lauren thought back to the first night, to the primal uncontrollable orgasm that overwhelmed her as she held those same pink panties tight to her face and she rubbed her hard clit with an almost animal ferocity. The taste of Katie&#8217;s pussy, the intoxicating aroma of the young girl&#8217;s sweet snatch had elevated her orgasm to a level she had not imagined possible. She had lost control, barely able to hold on to her identity as orgasm after orgasm crashed through her body. She had felt weak after that, so weak. And thirsty. She had fallen out of bed the first time she tried to get a drink.

She had laughed then, an exhausted, contented laugh. Her little Kitty was going to make her life a living nirvana. Katie&#8217;s panties had been washed and Lauren wore them to bed each night. They were almost the right size, a little too small, but the way they cupped her bare pussy was so delicious it made her shiver each time she thought about it.

Tonight had gone better than she had hoped. She thought about Katie as she pleasured herself with long even strokes. Her girl had been prepared to do anything, there didn&#8217;t seem a hint of resistance. The control she had, even at a distance, conversing through text, had left her breathless. There was no doubt left in Lauren&#8217;s mind: Kitty was a truly submissive slut. She didn&#8217;t know it of course, she still thought she had some choice in the matter, her delightful flushes of modesty were proof enough of that.

The little slut had almost come, there and then. She would have if she had not been stopped. Lauren would have to lay that law down the next time they met. The thought of what was going to happen tomorrow caused her own orgasm to crest and Lauren was carried away on a wave of bliss that rose and fell twice more before she was sated.
Lauren stretched languidly, pulled Katie&#8217;s panties tighter and drifted off into a deep, contented sleep.









Chapter 3.&nbsp; Smells Like Teen Spirit

Katie woke slowly from a dream as delicious as it was bizarre. She lay in bed, luxuriating in those soft hazy moments between dreams and reality. She slid her hands down her body, past the soft skin of her belly. It was not until her fingers brushed the tight curls above sex that she realised something was different. Her hands had moved down her body, down her bare flesh unimpeded. The discovery of her nudity brought what had happened last night back in a rush.

Katie sat up in bed, turning to look at the computer and the webcam which sat atop it. Was Lauren watching her now? She couldn&#8217;t become paranoid about it. She couldn&#8217;t possibly know, even if Lauren was logged in she would have no way of knowing if she was actually there or not. She hadn&#8217;t thought much about it last night but Lauren would be able to know everything she did, well as long as she was in view of the camera. What if she picked her nose? Or farted? She would have to watch what she said, and even more importantly, what she thought.

Well she couldn&#8217;t stay in bed all day, as much as she might want to. As she slid out of bed she noticed her inner thighs felt strange. Katie sat on the edge of the bed and spread her legs. Her thighs were sticky as if someone had poured juice on them and let it dry. Juice it had been Katie thought, without humour. She could see a few droplets of moisture beading in the curls around the entrance to her pussy. How could she still be wet? She tried to remember her dreams but as the clarity of the new day banished the haze of sleep from her, the contents of her dreams faded like wisps of smoke.

She had to move. She couldn&#8217;t sit here all day staring at the mess between her legs. She pushed herself up and decided that it was best if she did her exercises now. She decided against wearing her bra and shorts as she didn&#8217;t wish to explain away the cream stains in the crotch of the shorts. Minutes later Katie stood, out of breath and sweating, but feeling better for the exercise. She knew she had been ordered to do the drill each day but she had begun to enjoy it nonetheless. Maybe some good could come of this, she thought to herself.

She grabbed a robe from her closet, collected the still damp towel from her door &#8211; she would have to watch that from now on &#8211; and scurried to the bathroom, eager to get there before her parents. She had always woken early but usually she lay in bed and dozed, enjoying the quiet of the morning, easing herself out of sleep. Lately, well ever since Monday, she had been an earlier riser as well. Lying in bed allowed her thoughts to shift and twist along troubling tangents and besides, she told herself every morning, she had things to do now.

As she did every morning Katie stopped and stared in the mirror, captivated by the way she looked now, her collar standing out brightly at her neck. She tried not to spend too much time there, but often it was the sound of the downstairs toilet flushing or her father&#8217;s feigned indignation at not being able to get in his own bathroom that snapped her into action. This morning was no different.

The rest of her morning comprised the normal highs and lows of everyday school life: rushing to the bus, bored once she was there, rushing to class, bored once she was there. It was not until her second period that time began to have a meaning for the young girl. She had to excuse herself from this class. Not only that but she needed to get not only herself, but her bag to the restroom in record time.

As the class started she began to get nervous. Mrs Marsh was nattering on about Henry David Thoreau and some crap he had done in the forest one time but Katie heard it all as if she was underwater. Her hands were clammy and her stomach had tightened almost painfully. Each breath seemed harder and harder to take, as if she was breathing through an ever-shrinking straw. Finally she knew it was now or never. She clutched her bag to her side and raised her hand.

Yes Katie?
Urghk.

Katie went bright red in an instant. The entire class erupted into fits of laughter. She didn&#8217;t know what had happened. She had been all ready to speak but when it came down to it her voice just hadn&#8217;t come to the party, the words she had been trying to say died in her throat and instead that strangled squeak had popped out.

Mrs Marsh, may I use the restroom? Katie asked when the uproar had finally died down a little.
Of course dear, grab a hall pass on the way out.
Thanks.

Mrs Marsh always let you use the restroom. Katie was thankful for that at least. She had a whole spiel worked out about how she needed her bag, a pointed nod was, she had hoped, all the extra explanation she would need. If her recent performance was anything to go by she probably would have squeaked like a squirrel, tripped over her own feet on the way out and her dildo would have gone rolling down the aisle to rest at the teacher&#8217;s feet. Thoughts of her picking it up and holding it out to the class, a quizzical look on her face haunted Katie as she walked briskly to the restroom. What is this dear? she could almost hear Mrs Marsh saying, to the hoots and catcalls of the entire class.

Fucking get a grip Katie screamed at herself. That had not happened, why torture yourself over what might have been. You have five minutes to fuck yourself silly with that very dildo and then get back to class. Putting it all out there on the table, going through exactly what she had to do made her go pale and light-headed.

Katie closed the stall door, hung her bag on the door and whipped her dildo from its case in ten seconds flat. She had spent some time last night, lying in bed unable to fall asleep, planning just how she was going to do this. Now it was time to put it into action she hesitated for the briefest of moments. Was she really going to do this? How would Lauren know if she did not?

Well how would she know if you'd been doing your exercises or that you weren't touching your pussy. Katie knew she could not lie. She had been caught in every single lie she had ever told. There were many things she was not good at but telling lies was at the very top of the list. Honesty had become her policy even before Lauren had ordered it. How the fuck she was going to keep this... this situation secret she didn't know.

Katie hiked her skirt up and pulled her panties to one side. She had worn a g-string today, a little risky as she was once again in a skirt but she knew it would be easier to do this with a g-string. The anxious teen popped the dildo in her mouth and spat on the tip. She was a little wet but she couldn't tell exactly how much. Her nervousness may have affected her.

She lifted her left leg up and placed it on the toilet, spreading her legs to allow access to her pussy. The moment the glass dildo slid frictionlessly inside her tight pussy she knew how wet she was.&nbsp; Ever since she had bated last night she had remained wet, insanely wet. She could feel the dampness in the crotch of her g-string but what she was about to do, what she was doing, was going to make her saturated.

Katie set the timer on her phone for four minutes and began to pump the glass dildo into her pussy. She didn't think anyone else was in the restroom but she bit her lip, determined to remain silent throughout. Each thrust went a little deeper and came a little faster. Katie was soon sawing her arm back and forth, the soft slurping sound as the ridged dildo slid past her lips not registering on the young girl&#8217;s consciousness.

Despite her best efforts, tiny moans and gasps of pleasure escaped her. Before she knew it, her phone beeped, her four minutes was up. Please no, Katie pleaded, pushing the dildo inside her twice more before remembering herself.

"Kitty wants to please," she whispered, as she cleaned the strings of slimy cream from the smooth shaft. She licked each ridge and each valley, cleaning her toy of all traces of her vaginal secretions. If pussy was an acquired taste, then she had acquired a taste for hers. She couldn't linger however, she had only one minute to get back to class.

Katie slipped the dildo in its felt bag and hid it at the bottom of her schoolbag. She reseated her g-string across the thick mat of, now soaked, curls and fixed her skirt.

As she exited the stall Katie froze. Standing in front of the mirror, checking her makeup was Karen Henderson. She was one of the beauties of the school, slim and full breasted, a cheerleader but nice. She was also a debater and not the typical jock's bitch. Karen just stared at Katie in the mirror and Katie stood frozen like a statue.

She had to do something. Her time was running out and she couldn't just run out of the room. "Hi Karen," Katie said, mustering the most cheerful, innocent voice she could, though it was now tempered with the husky timbre of arousal. She went to the basins and washed her hands. As the water washed over her trembling hands, she realised that she had not been told to wash her hands, in fact she had been told explicitly what to do. She had deviated from Lauren&#8217;s commands. She was in trouble.

Karen continued to stare at Katie as she washed and dried her hands. She gave Karen a last, feeble smile and rushed from the room. It was not until she sat back in her seat, carefully arranging her skirt to cover the most skin she could, that she realised she could smell her sex. She reeked of it.

Katie tried to focus on the lesson but each hushed whisper, each muted giggle was like a knife in her back. They could smell her, she knew it. They knew what she had been doing. Even if they didn't, Karen sure did. She had tried to be quiet but she must have heard. It was then that Katie realised that from the basins you could see under the stalls. Not a lot sure, but enough to see the feet of anyone in the stall. Enough to see whether a girl was seated, as she should be, or if she had one leg propped up on the toilet furiously jabbing her pussy.

Katie stared at the table in front of her, the feverish heat radiating from her face felt as if her skin was melting off. Karen knew! Half the school would know by lunchtime.

"Katie are you alright?" Mrs Marsh asked.
"Eeek," someone behind her squealed, to the delight of the rest of the class.
"Yes thank you Eric. Do you need to see the nurse Katie. Your colour looks a little off."
"Um, no thank you Mrs Marsh, I'll be ok."
"Right you are Katie. Now Thoreau, wawk wawk wawk."

Her teacher's voice trailed off into background noise as Katie sank into despair. Would anyone believe Karen? She was a nice girl and had a lot of friends, boys as well as girls. She was popular but not bitchy. Yes they would believe her. But she wasn't a gossip, well she didn't have a reputation as one. Maybe she wouldn't tell anyone? Maybe she was that nice! Yeah, but she was still a 16 year old girl, Katie reasoned. Keeping that a secret was a little too much to ask.

Katie latched onto the one ray of hope that she could come up with. Maybe Karen would want to blackmail her too. What would she do then? Have two 16 year old girls ordering her life? She was sure Lauren wouldn't like that. Lauren? Maybe her owner could help her. After all if this got around the school it would ruin her anyway wouldn't it.

Don't be so fucking dense. This was nothing compared to what Lauren had on her computer. Even if the whole school thought she had masturbated in the toilets, well so what. She would be teased, she would be a joke for a while but if she kept denying it then it would all blow over eventually. Everyone knew what teenage girls were like. But if they saw that webcam...

She just had to stay calm. Katie almost fell out of her seat when the bell went. She closed her book and left the room on autopilot. Her next class was a study period, which she usually spent doing anything but study. She heard her phone vibrate in her bag as she walked from the class. She would have to change that, put it totally on silent. Having vibrating noises coming from her bag was the last thing she needed right now. She would have to stop carrying her dildo too. Lauren would understand.

Katie went pale when she saw the caller id - My Owner. She quickly shaded the phone with her other hand and accessed the message. "Library, now." Katie paled at the terse message. It was notoriously hard to convey emotions in text but she could tell this was not a happy text.

Katie hurried to the library, anxious at what she would find and afraid that if she took too long she would anger Lauren even more. Her eyes flicked frantically around the quiet study room. The large hall was filled with tables, with smaller single cubicles around the walls. There were less than twenty students on the whole room, but Lauren sat a table by herself, well away from the other clusters.

"May I sit down Miss?"
"I am disappointed in you Kitty."

The words stung the apprehensive young girl. She had thought that if she was polite and contrite that Lauren would not be mad. It had not worked, but she still felt it was the right thing to do.

"I'm sorry Miss," Katie whispered meekly
"Sit down," commanded Lauren. "Don't cross your legs slut. You will not sit with crossed legs again. Do you know why Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"Claiming knowledge is not evidence of owning knowledge," Lauren said cryptically. Katie understood the hint.
"I am not permitted to sit with crossed legs because a slave should always make sure her body is ready for her owner Miss," Katie replied demurely, once her eyes had quickly flicked over the nearby tables.
"Available Kitty. Having your body 'ready' is another matter entirely, but correct all the same. Now you have earned a punishment haven't you?
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, looking directly into those intimidating blue eyes. How the hell could she know?
"Well?"
"I am sorry Miss for being disobedient," Katie whispered, "I talked to a girl and washed my hands before I left the restroom."
"When..."
"When I-"
"No Kitty, being again. A slave does not invest in half-measures."
"I am sorry Miss for my disobedience. When i was in the restroom masturbat-"
"Kitty that is such a yucky word. Again."
"Miss, I am sorry for my disobedience. When I was in the restroom playing with my pussy I talked to a girl and washed my hands when my instructions were clear that I should not."
"Correct, finally. You have lost the privilege of panties for the rest of the day. Take them off."

Katie pushed back her chair. She knew she had disobeyed, but this wasn't fair. What else could she have done? At least it wasn't the cane. She didn't know how long she would be given to get back but she planned to do the trip in record time. Anything short of actually running through the halls.

"Where do you think you are going Kitty? The only order I gave you was to take off your panties."

Katie pushed her chair back into the table and looked at Lauren in despair. There was no smile there. Her eyes were as cold as ice and her face seemed as if any movement would crack it in two. Still there was an elfin cuteness about her. Fuck, thought Katie unable to comprehend the thoughts that popped into her brain. Of all the things she should be thinking, she was admiring the cuteness of another girl. A girl whose power over her seemed to be growing daily.

Katie looked fearfully about the room, no one was watching them. They were two pretty girls, and most of the other people in the library looked like nerds. She couldn't understand why they were not the centre of attention. Not that she was complaining, she didn't think she could do this if she thought she was being watched.

Now Katie wished she had worn a different skirt. She knew she would be wearing a g-string so she had chosen a tight skirt of stiff material that would be sure to stay down in any breeze. Her choice haunted her now. She would have to lift the skirt up almost to her waist to get to her panties. Unless... She could reach up between her legs, grab the crotch and pull them down that way.

Katie quickly hunched forward over the table, sure that it would look as if she was resting her head for a nap. She reached up with her right hand, lifting her bottom off the chair at the same time. Her fingers slid up her thighs until she felt the damp crotch of her panties. She pushed one finger to the side and hooked it behind the elastic and pulled. There was resistance at first, too much. She didn't think her panties would move, and her finger was slipping on the cream-slick material.

The trembling teen persevered, knowing the alternative would be much worse. She hooked a second finger behind the panties and moved them down to where the crotch narrowed into a slimmer band. She pulled them with all her strength and was rewarded. The small g-string slipped down her legs, slowly at first, but once the grip was broken on her hips and buttocks the panties slid down her thighs with speed.

The deed was done. Katie sat back and pushed the g-string over her knees and felt them fall to the floor beneath the table. She stepped out of them and reached under the table for...

"Hey Lauren."

Katie bumped her head on the underside of the desk. There was another girl standing right next to the table. Katie balled the panties in one hand and slowly came up from under the desk. Both girls were staring at her when she emerged timidly. She shuffled her chair in until her belly was touching the table-edge, keeping her left hand under the table, while nonchalantly, she hoped, brushed the hair back from her face.

"Katie?"
"Hi Linda," she mumbled. Fucking Linda Tennant what was- She was on the Lacrosse team with Lauren, of course.
"Yeah well, can I get a ride to practice on Monday. My Mom's away and my Dad won't be home from work in time."
"Sure Lin. My Mom can drop you home afterwards too."
"Sweet, thanks Lauren. Hey Katie, you should try out for Lacrosse. Stacey Cotter is leaving at the end of the semester and in Lacrosse it doesn't matter all that much if you're short."
"Thanks Linda, but I'm not real sporty," Katie said, desperate for her to fuck off.
"Come on Kitty, you're exercising now right?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied meekly. Linda looked confused but she didn't want to pry.
"There you go then. Maybe not just yet, but if your fitness improves enough maybe at the end of semester..."
"Ok well see ya," said Linda a little quizzically.
"See ya on Monday," Lauren beamed.
"Panties," Lauren commanded once Linda was out of earshot.

Katie put her other hand under the table and folded the damp panties as best she could without being able to see. When she felt she was done she placed them on the table in front of her owner, desperate that no one would see and no one else would interrupt.

"These are soaked Kitty," Lauren said as picked up the sodden panties and transferred them to her bag. "I should have brought a plastic bag."

Katie hung her head, the shame of what she had done overriding her nervousness and fear. She had never not worn panties before, well apart from Monday. Her pussy was still terribly wet. Where would it all go now that her panties were not there to soak it up?

"Your pussy has such a strong scent Kitty. Better watch out or you'll have the neighbourhood dogs howling," Lauren laughed. "Linda was so funny. I could see her nose wrinkle before she even reached the table.

Katie could have died then and there. The humiliation was so intense that it actually made her nauseous. She knew she could be smelled, especially after that session in the restroom. She knew that when she mast-, that when she played with her pussy at home there was a smell that would linger unless she opened a window. It wasn't strong but she could smell it. And now she knew others could too.

She couldn't go back to class after this. She had to go home. She had to wash herself. Or, thought Katie, just spray some more perfume on. She had a tiny pack in her bag for situations just like this. Well not just like this she thought, but this was the best use it would ever be put to.

"This is my bag for tonight Kitty," Lauren said placing a small overnight bag on the table. "You can put it in your locker now. Once the bell rings you are to stay by your locker until I get there. Do you need to pee, Kitty?"
"No Miss."
"Whenever you are outside your house you are to ask permission to relieve yourself. You will text me with the request, 'May I pee please Miss.' You are then to wait for permission to be granted. Understand?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied despondently, all hopes of this being a shortlived game were quickly evaporating.

"When you are at home you may pee once between the hours of 6 and 7 am, once between 4 and 5 pm and once between 1 and 2 am. Outside of those times you are to request permission. You will do this by waiting online. You will sit in your chair wearing the shirt that is now in your bag. Your arms will be behind your back and your legs are to be spread. Once in position you are not to move until permission is granted or denied. Is that clear Kitty?"

"Yes Miss."

If she was totally truthful Katie didn't really understand. Control of one of the most everyday things she did was now taken from her. She never even thought about going to the toilet and know she would not only have to think about it, ask permission to even do it, but she would now have to judge when she needed to. She had no idea how many times she went to the toilet but she was sure it was more than three times a day. Sure on schooldays she could ask permission and know that Lauren was there. What would she do on weekends?

Katie's life was spiraling out of control. If she thought about it, really thought about it, she would realise that it was already well beyond her reach. She was property know, she belonged to another, she didn't have any control, not unless it had been strictly permitted her. But Katie refused to think about it, really think about it.

"So who did you talk to in the restroom?"

Katie was completely bewildered by the quick, seemingly random change in topic. She had to ask permission to pee now, but who had she talked to? Who had been the girl in the restroom? A place she was not going to visit without another person first allowing it.

"Um, Karen Henderson Miss," Katie replied, still a little lost.
"What did that bitch want?"
"Uh nothing Miss, she was fixing her makeup."
"Yeah sounds about right. So why did you speak to her?"
"Um she was standing there when I, when I had finished playing with my pussy. I think she knew what I was doing Miss."
"Rowdy little slut were you Kitty?"
"Um no Miss, I don't think so Miss but, well, she might have heard and, she. Miss she just seemed to know."
"Well so now she knows you're a slut. Now there are three people in on your secret. I suggest next time you should be more careful."

Next time? Katie looked at her owner not sure if she was serious. Lauren said she would always be truthful with her, she knew better than to question what she said.

"What's wrong Kitty?"
"Um Miss, I don't, I mean. It's not nice in the restrooms."
"True Kitty. Very true. Never let it be said that I don't look after my property. No more bathroom breaks for now."
"Thank you Miss," Katie said with real gratitude.

And there it was Lauren thought, that smile. She could see the tiny dimples the smile created in each cheek and could not help but smile back.&nbsp; This little slut was one in a million and she was hers. And their life together had only just begun.

"Hurry off to class now Kitty. We will be reviewing your grades this weekend. I won't own a dumb cunt.
"Yes Miss," Katie replied forlornly. Her grades were not great. She was going to get in trouble for sure. They were good, not great, but she knew Lauren well enough by now to know that good would not be good enough.

Katie picked up Lauren's overnight bag and hurried to her locker. She needed to get this bag safe and get to class. And she needed to start paying attention. The state of her bottom may very well depend on it.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

She had to do it. She had already left it too long. What if she didn&#8217;t get an answer back in time? She would have to wait another period and there was only one more before the end of class and after class she had to wait by her locker. She had been resisting the temptation to squirm in her seat all through Biology. Why had she waited so long? She knew the answer before the question was even asked. The very thought of having to ask permission to go to the toilet caused a strange fluttering tightness in her belly every time she thought of it. She needed to go to the restroom, and not only to pee.

Through three classes and lunch she had been worried about her pussy. She could feel the moisture between her legs and she had become increasingly worried that it would mark her skirt. The last thing she needed was to be walking around with a wet-spot on her skirt. She had tried to walk from class to class and take her seat as quickly as possible but after lunch she realised that was probably not the best thing to do. When she was standing up it wasn&#8217;t a problem, her juices would, if anything, just wet her thighs. It was when she sat down that her sex would come in contact with her skirt.

If she went to the toilet she could make sure she wiped her pussy of more than the stray drop of pee. She didn&#8217;t know why she hadn&#8217;t thought of this earlier. It could have saved her so much worrying, paranoia and humiliation. There was, however, the one remaining hurdle. She had to ask permission to pee. She really had no choice now. She either asked or she simply went without permission. She had asked herself a hundred times if Lauren had been serious and the answer was always the same: don&#8217;t be so fucking stupid, of course she was serious. Katie just didn&#8217;t know if she could actually do it. She didn&#8217;t know what the big sticking point was, it was just that every time she got out her phone to send the text, she couldn&#8217;t even begin to type the message.

She had allowed Lauren to inspect her naked body, she had played with her pussy at Lauren&#8217;s command, she exercised morning and afternoon because Lauren told her to. What was the big deal with asking permission to pee? What was next? Asking permission to talk or eat? The actual prospect made the pretty teen pale and she quickly dismissed that line of thought. Focus Katie, you have to do this. Now or never and if it&#8217;s never then you know what&#8217;s coming.

May I pee please Miss.

Katie stared at the text message for almost a minute before she hit send. A strange sensation washed over her when she realised it was done; the message was gone, there was nothing she could do about it now. Her fate was sealed. That was it wasn&#8217;t it? She felt like the sending of that text was somehow a turning point. All sorts of metaphors flickered through her mind but they all meant the same thing: she was committed. This wasn&#8217;t a game. It wasn&#8217;t some harmless fun so Lauren could get her kicks for a week or two. She was serious. She owned Katie now. That was the heart of it all. That one foolish afternoon had led her to this. All she could hope for now was that Lauren would have her fun and lose interest, eventually releasing her from this torment. What could she do until then? Be obedient and do what she was told, try and be good. What else could she do?

Katie stared at her phone until she sat down in her next class. No answer had come. She had turned her phone onto silent so unless she was vigilant she would not know if Lauren had replied with her permission. And now it was too late. This was her last class of the day. She would have to wait now until she got home. She had to try and pay attention in this last class. Her big claims of being a good student and paying attention had been scattered the moment that insistent little pressure on her bladder began. Her focus was shattered and the classes since had turned into one long monotonous blur.

Her last class was economics, the most boring of all subjects. Typical of the school to schedule it as the last class before the weekend. It was like they wanted to guarantee that half the students would be asleep and the other half were thinking about the weekend. All Katie could think about was relieving the growing pressure in her bladder.

Katie?
&#8216;Yeah.
Wow, you&#8217;re jumpy, laughed Louise.

Katie smiled weakly at her classmate. She had been miles away, amidst growing fears of disobedience if she could not wait until Lauren gave her permission and of thoughts of what the night would bring. She had been oblivious to what was going on around her. It wasn&#8217;t as if Louise was a ninja or anything, she had just not been paying attention. She needed to, she knew. She could get in trouble if she didn&#8217;t start staying focused.

Sorry, just daydreaming I guess, Katie recovered quickly.
Yeah well, I think you sat in something.

The comment was an innocent one. It was meant to be helpful. She had sat in something, sure. Remain calm. Act naturally. Say thank you and sit down, maybe even laugh, brush it off as nothing special. Katie frantically told herself all these things. She knew what she should do, her brain knew but her body had different ideas. Her face flushed a bright red so quickly it seemed as if someone had flicked a switch. She opened her mouth to speak but nothing came out, not even a strangled squeak. Do something! Say something, she pleaded with herself.

Louise stood there dumbfounded at the unexpected response. It looked as if Katie was choking or something. Katie are you alright? You look weird.

No, I mean yes, Katie gasped, finally finding her voice, though maybe she should not have bothered. Was babbling better than silence? I mean I&#8217;m ok, I felt a bit funny for a second there, but I&#8217;m ok. Seriously. Thanks for letting me know though. I will, um, check it out after class. Thanks.

Katie scurried to her seat, desperate to hide her shame. Louise was just being nice but she had brought Katie&#8217;s world crashing down upon her. Louise thought she had sat in something but what would others think. How long had it been there? How many other people had seen it and not told her? What did it look like? Could you tell it was from her sex? Of course not, she snapped, or Louise would have said &#8216;your cunt&#8217;s leaked on your skirt slut&#8217;. Louise may not have guessed but had Karen seen? She would know for sure.

The young girl&#8217;s mind spiraled down tangents of ever increasing humiliation. She tried frantically to reign in her frenetic thoughts but no matter what she thought of she could not calm herself. She was making it worse. That was the thought that kept spinning to the forefront of the maelstrom inside her head. Each second she was sitting down she made it worse. Her vagina was leaking more and more, soaking into her skirt and leaving an obvious mark. How big was it now? An inch across? Two inches?

Oh my god, the distraught teen, wailed, resting her feverish head in her hands. Had she left marks behind on the chairs? Had anyone noticed the little spot of dampness after she stood up? She had left little wet-spots behind, she knew she had. No doubt they had been seen too. Was Louise really being nice or was that a snide joke at her expense? Was she really just letting Katie know that she knew that her pussy was so wet it was leaking into her skirt? Had her bizarre reaction simply confirmed her guilt?

She couldn&#8217;t help it. The humiliation had slapped her like a blow from Lauren&#8217;s hand. Her face still burned, she could feel the heat pulsing from her face, neck and chest. It was making her sweaty; her palms were clammy and she could taste the salty beads of sweat on her upper lip. She was losing it. Correction, she was lost. Katie didn&#8217;t know what to do. She sat in her chair and stared at the teacher. His mouth was moving but she could not hear the words. She couldn&#8217;t ask to be excused, then everyone would watch her as she left, they would all see the mark on her skirt, the mark of her shameful arousal. She had to sit here until the class ended.

Katie heard the bell only as a distant clanging and didn&#8217;t quite realise until she noticed everyone else leaving. The dazed teen collected her bag and shuffled out the door, careful to stay facing her preoccupied teacher. She was the last to leave the classroom but the halls were full of people rushing to get home and begin their two days of freedom. How was she going to get to her locker? She had been walking around for god knows how long with this huge stain on her skirt but now she knew it was there everything had changed. She couldn&#8217;t walk sideways the whole way, that would be sure to get everyone looking at her. She couldn&#8217;t just wait until the halls emptied, she had to be waiting by her locker for Lauren and then she had to catch the bus home. The bus! That was something she could not think about right now.

Her schoolbag! She could walk with her bag slung really low so it covered her ass. It would look a little strange sure, but better than the alternative. Katie lengthened the strap of her bag to the maximum and slid it around until it covered her behind. It bounced with each step she took but it covered her. She wasn&#8217;t even sure where the mark was but it was the best she could do right now. The walk to her locker felt like it was five miles long. Laughter, at her? No just two girls giggling about something stupid. Last corner, a sigh of relief burst from her when she realised her locker was now only feet away.

Katie turned the corner and her heart sank. Lauren was already at her locker waiting. She had changed into a very cute exercise outfit, small shorts and a tight top with a Y-shaped back that showed off Lauren&#8217;s taut stomach and toned shoulders. She looked very sexy. She also looked unhappy. Katie scurried forward to face her owner.

Take my schoolbag. I will be running to your place. You have a text with your orders.

With that, Lauren left, stalking imperiously down the hall, her tight butt rippling attractively beneath the tiny shorts. Katie was left dazed and confused by the terse meeting. It must be six miles to my house, she thought. The bus would arrive long before Lauren did. The bus! Katie fumbled with the combination on her locker. She would have to hurry to the bus. She didn&#8217;t want to lose her seat, or worse, miss the bus altogether. She was soon scrambling to the bus, struggling with three bags. Where was she going to put it all anyway? What would she say if someone asked her what it all was?

It had waited. Katie breathed deeply, shuffling the last few steps to the waiting bus. When she stepped up and faced the interior, it seemed as if every conversation ended and everyone was staring at her. Holy shit, it&#8217;s like one of those old westerns, Katie thought, shocked as to what could have prompted this sudden interest. She could almost imagine the sound of the rickety old piano fading into the silence.

Sit, snapped the driver, Mrs Farrell. She always reminded Katie of that crazy bitch bus driver from South Park. Her hair even looked like a bird had been nesting in it half the time. Lazy kids, how &#8216;bout you make sure you&#8217;re on time. Wadda ya got so many bags for? Going on a trip? You will if you don&#8217;t siddown. Sit!

There were no other seats available except the one right behind the driver. Katie slumped despondently into the chair, shoving Laurens overnight bag at her feet. It was only then that she noticed who she was sitting next to. Pierre, fucking Pierre. He had to sit up the front of the bus because he was a fucking little perv. All the girls had slowly banished him forward until he was sitting on his own. He never actually did anything wrong exactly, he just stared at you: at your boobs, at your skirt, trying desperately to catch a glimpse of something underneath. Most guys looked and hoped, but in glances. Pierre just stared, he had no tact. He was two years younger but still.

Hi Katie.
Hi Pierre, Katie replied, trying her best to keep her tone non-committal, desperately hoping he would stop there.
You&#8217;ve got a lot of bags today.
Yeah.

Good one creep, I know you aren&#8217;t looking at the bags but my skirt isn&#8217;t that short. What if he did see though? Katie pressed her knees more tightly together and placed her bag across her lap. All that did was make Pierre shift his gaze to her breasts. Katie squirmed uncomfortably under his lascivious stare. Normally she would have told him to fuck off, but today she had too much at stake. She would have to suffer in silence.

There&#8217;s a weird smell in the bus today.

Katie&#8217;s heart began to beat so hard and fast it made her chest hurt. Please don&#8217;t blush, please, please. Fuck. The anxious teen felt the heat rise. All she could do was look away, out the front of the bus and count the stops until her house. Had she really forgotten the smell? Was she so used to it know that she no longer noticed it? No, there it was, still strong. Lauren wasn&#8217;t joking, other people could smell it. At least Pierre had no idea what it was. Surely it was not strong enough to be there constantly or for it to travel too far. It was a subtle scent surely.

So you smell it Katie?
Uh no.
It smells a bit like sour milk or something. So what are you doing on the weekend?
Not much. God will you shut the fuck up, Katie screamed. All she wanted to do was ride the bus in silence, get home, get out of her stained skirt and relax. Relax? She wasn&#8217;t sure relaxing would exactly be on the agenda for that night.
I wonder if anyone else smells it, maybe it&#8217;s just on the window or something.

Shit, why won&#8217;t he shut the fuck up about it. Katie started to panic. What if he started asking other people if they could smell it? What if someone came over and started sniffing around? They would be sure to trace it to her. The guys might not have a clue but one of the girls surely. Karen! Was Karen on her bus. Please God, no. Katie tried to remember if she had seen Karen, did she usually catch this bus. No, she drove, thank Christ. Disaster averted but she would have to do something if she didn&#8217;t want the whole bus to know her wet pussy was wafting her arousal around the bus.

Um I think I do smell something. Maybe someone stepped in something. Best to keep the window open, Katie said nervously, trying her best to keep the tremor from her voice. Genius, finally a cohesive thought.
I can&#8217;t seem to get it open, Pierre said innocently, his small hands fumbling at the window.

Katie sighed knowing exactly the game that was being played. She couldn&#8217;t sit this out though. If Pierre got someone else to come over, then they would smell her and it would spread around the bus like wildfire. She knew what the boring bus rides were like. Anything that distracted the kids from the monotony of the bumpy ride was latched onto and blown out of all proportion. Katie took a deep breath, leaned in front of Pierre and opened the window, the pane of glass in its metal frame sliding smoothly. Little fucker, Katie thought, noticing Pierre&#8217;s eyes almost bulging from his head as her breasts flashed past his face. She saw his hands twitch, as if he was fighting the urge to reach out and squeeze her pert bosom. Katie quickly sat back in her seat, feeling dirty, soiled by the young perverts thoughts. 

After that, Pierre seemed to be satisfied. He was happy enough to glance sidelong at Katie&#8217;s chest, watching mesmerised as her pert breasts bounced with each bump in the road. Katie&#8217;s discomfort grew with each stop. The fewer people there seemed left on the bus, the bolder Pierre became. By the time it was her turn to get off he was almost turned facing her, staring at her bosom with undisguised lust. She had fidgeted constantly, but had resigned herself to simply sitting still. She had crossed her arms but realised that simply pushed her breasts up, she had shifted her weight to one side but soon discovered this had pulled her blouse taut across her breasts creating an even more attractive view. Katie snuck one quick glance as she shifted her bags. He looked crazed, as if he was ready to pounce on her and bite her boobs off.

Finally, thankfully, the bus pulled to her stop. She gathered all her bags and made sure to slide across the seat, hoping the untainted parts of her skirt would soak up any moisture from the plastic seat. She had not forgotten the fountain between her legs. She could feel the slimy damp on her thighs and cringed at the thought of Pierre seeing any evidence of her arousal.&nbsp; She waited until the bus stopped before scurrying out as fast as she could.

Bye Katie, Pierre called, but she was out of the bus and walking purposefully down the street. That was definitely not an experience she ever wanted to repeat. 









Chapter 4.&nbsp; Sleepover

Go straight to your room. Remove your shoes. Place my overnight bag on your bed, my schoolbag under your desk. Have a bottle of cold water on a coaster on your desk. Wait for my arrival.

Those were her instructions. She had followed them to the letter. She was now standing at attention in her room, facing her door. She had let her Mother know that Lauren would be along, that she was running from school. Her mother seemed to think that was admirable and had looked at Katie pointedly. There were two texts on her phone when she had checked. Her instructions were the second text. The other simply said &#8216;No&#8217;. She had not been given permission to go to the toilet, and anyway the chance had passed. Her bladder felt like it was going to burst if she didn&#8217;t do something about it soon.

Katie snuck a glance at the clock on her ipod dock. She had been waiting here for almost 10 minutes. Lauren was sure to be here any second. As the minutes had passed her anxiety had grown. She was home now, in the relative safety, peace and quiet of her room. No one was looking at her now, smelling her, judging her. Still she was not relaxed. She had twisted around, trying to see the mark on her skirt but she had not been told she could remove her skirt or go to the bathroom, Lauren was pretty clear. She needed to know how bad it was. She needed to know what she would be facing when she went back to school on Monday.

She was home and in her room. With the door closed, where no one could see. And she was standing at attention because a 16 year old girl had ordered her to, in a text. The absurdity of the situation was enough to make anyone laugh but Katie was not laughing. This was not a joke. It was real. Nothing in her life had ever been more real. She had felt it every second of every day since Lauren had sent that first text. She was trapped, as the property of another girl. She had spent countless hours attempting to concoct some way out. She had come up with nothing. This would end when Lauren wanted it to end, she held all the cards.

Katie unconsciously straightened her posture when she heard the doorbell ring. Katie, your friend is here, she heard her Mother yell a moment later. What should she do now? She had been told to wait. Should she go down and meet her owner, introduce her to her Mom? Would that be ok, or was she supposed to wait in her room at attention? The confused teen took one hesitant step forward then moved back into position. She hoped it was the right thing to do.

Moments later her door burst open and Lauren stepped into the room. She was red-faced and sweating profusely but Katie thought she had never seemed cuter. Her skin shined as if she was lathered in diamonds, even her eyes sparkled alluringly. Lauren closed the door, walked straight past Katie and broke the seal on the bottle of water. Katie dared not turn but she heard Lauren gulping the water down before gasping loudly.

Your room is a mess Kitty. Maybe I should have called you piglet, hmmm.

Katie could say nothing, she simply stood silently accepting the rebuke she knew she had deserved. She should have cleaned up her room. She had, a bit, but there was even still some clothes on the floor by the door, her security clothes. Katie could hear Lauren moving around behind her. It took a supreme effort of will not to twist her head to see what she was doing. She could still hear Lauren breathing hard from her run but she could tell it was beginning to come back to normal.

You have pretty crap taste in music Kitty. Do you just listen to everything everyone else does?
Uh, yes Miss?
Kitty a slave answers the questions she is asked. She does not answer a question with a question unless she wants her ass smacked until it&#8217;s glowing like a rosy red apple.
Sorry Miss.
I don&#8217;t ever want to hear this this noise. In fact we&#8217;ll delete them later. There are a couple here you can keep. You don&#8217;t read Kitty?
Um no Miss, not really.
This isn&#8217;t a part of this whole &#8216;dumb cunt&#8217; persona you are into is it?
No Miss, replied Katie, exasperatedly. She didn&#8217;t hate reading, she just never found the time. She wasn&#8217;t dumb either, she just She was She was lazy, she knew.
Time for your exercise now Kitty. Oh Kitty did you sit in something?
No Miss, Katie said, her voice a humiliated whisper.
Then what is that mark on your skirt?
Miss the mark is from my pussy. Katie could have died as Lauren giggled behind her.
Let&#8217;s have a closer look. Take it off.

Katie undid the small zip at the side of the skirt that would allow it to slide over her hips. Had Lauren locked the door? She couldn&#8217;t remember seeing her do it. She was facing the doorway, naked from the waist down. If her mother came in now she would die. The half-naked teen handed her skirt to her owner worried at the reaction the evidence of her constant arousal would elicit. She was also curious herself to see the mark, she still did not know how bad it was.

Kitty, Lauren laughed, how long was this there?
Um I don&#8217;t know Miss. It might have been after I was naughty and wasn&#8217;t allowed panties Miss.
No doubt, no doubt, agreed the clearly amused girl. Still wet?
Y yes Miss.

Katie tensed as she felt Lauren&#8217;s hand slide passed her buttocks, seeking the heat between her legs. A short, sharp moan escaped her as two fingers parted her lips and slid inside her. Her body was no longer her own. Lauren treated her as the property she was, violating her at a whim, without a thought for the feelings of the young girl. Katie accepted the treatment obediently, remaining in position despite the urge to dance away from the questing fingers, or squirm down upon them.

Welly welly welly welly well. Has your pussy been soaking like this all day?
Yes Miss, Katie gasped as the twisting fingers slipped out of their warm sheath.

Lauren stepped in front of the trembling teen and smeared her slimy fingers across Katie&#8217;s upper lip and nose. She smiled as Katie&#8217;s mouth opened as the fingers approached. She wasn&#8217;t sure if it was her training or the sheer eagerness to taste herself. She rewarded the panting girl and slid her fingers past the plump lips, rubbing them along the soft, wriggling tongue. Katie looked directly in Lauren&#8217;s eyes, but the pale ghostly orbs intimidated her and she lowered her gaze demurely, suckling all the while on the other girl&#8217;s fingers.

Clean your skirt as well. Your mother should not have to clean your cunt slime.

Katie cringed at the term but dutifully took her skirt. Finally she had a chance to see what she been so worried about, it was probably no bigger than a dime. The young girl&#8217;s eyes grew wide as she saw the two inch wide stain. The rich magenta of the skirt had turned almost black as the moisture had well and truly soaked the material. How had she not felt this? She tried to position the stain and realised that it must have sat directly below her butt, where the fall off the skirt kept it away from her skin, and when she was sitting she thought that it was just her pussy.

Salty tears welled up in the pretty teen&#8217;s eyes as the humiliation fell in waves upon her. She had been walking around almost all day with a pussy stain on her skirt. No one had said anything, no one until Louise in the final period of the day. Did everyone hate her that much? Was it so funny they couldn&#8217;t bear to have it end? Two tiny tears ran down her cheeks as she turned the skirt inside out and saw the slimy discharge that had oozed from her pussy over the course of the day. She sniffed back a sob as she lifted the skirt to her mouth and tentatively licked the colourless goo from the skirt.

Don&#8217;t tickle it with your tongue Kitty, lap it up. You made the mess, it is only right you should clean it.

Katie extended her tongue and licked the wet-spot, forcing the entire width of her tongue to the material. The tears fell freely, the single track on each cheek becoming a stream of despair. She could not believe that she was being forced to lick her sexual discharge from her own clothing. Then again, she could not believe her pussy was capable of doing such a thing.

Good girl, you are lapping that up like a proper little Kitty. You already know a thing or two about tongues lapping it would seem.

Katie almost choked at the painful reminder of the reason for her bondage. If she could have just one wish she would turn back time to that afternoon and simply go to a movie instead. Katie was constantly off-balance, one moment Lauren would be so sweet to her, like a real best friend and the next she could be cold, harsh and even cruel. The poor teenager never knew what she could expect from one moment to the next.

Enough Kitty, I am sure it is clean enough, though if you had your way I guess we would be here all night until you had worn a hole in that pretty skirt, chuckled Lauren. Time for your exercises Kitty. Blouse and bra off and begin.
Excuse me Miss, but did you- Katie began but stopped abruptly as Lauren&#8217;s face hardened and she stepped closer to her.
Kitty, began Lauren, squeezing her chin with one hand, pushing her cheeks together painfully. You don&#8217;t just prattle on once you have been given a task to do. If I wanted to hear someone speak I would train a parrot. If you wish to speak, you ask permission. &#8216;Excuse me Miss&#8217; was correct but you wait until you are acknowledged, you do not just go blundering on. Understand?
Yes Miss.
Now get undressed.
Yes Miss. Excuse me Miss, Katie persisted as she lifted her blouse over her head.
Yes Kitty?
Miss is the door locked, only my Mom does come up here sometimes, Katie gushed.
Kitty I will worry about the door, its lock and your Mother. You have only one concern and that is pleasing your owner. Now you were told what to do.

Katie sighed, knowing she could do no more. She began her exercises, the same as she had done each afternoon that week. This time however she was naked and her owner was hovering over her, no doubt critiquing her performance. Katie hoped she could see the improvement. That would show her that she had been doing as she was told.

Lauren watched the naked girl like a hawk as she progressed through the basic regime she had set her. She smiled, unable to contain her joy, when Katie counted out her &#8216;creamy pussy&#8217;s&#8217;. As Katie stood breathlessly, all her requirements completed, Lauren knew she had been faithful. It was a slave&#8217;s duty to constantly improve however and it was high time that Katie did.

Good girl Kitty. I have an extra set that you will integrate into your regime. Get that cute butt down on the floor. Scooch you knees up. Lie back, cross your hands over your chest. No Kitty, loop your arms around your boobs, you want to show them off not squash them. Good girl.

Katie contorted her body into the desired position, knowing what would come next. She was surprised, however, when Lauren crouched down at her feet and deftly picked up each foot and spread her legs. She looked down the prostrate girl&#8217;s body: past her hairy sex, the delicate pink folds of her vagina peeking through the thick black bush, past the soft bulge of her belly and past the pert breasts cupped in the folds of her crossed arms. Katie met her gaze, keenly aware of the way her body was displayed.

Ten sit-ups Kitty, Lauren said as she pressed gently on each foot. Bring your body up for each rep. Keep you back straight Kitty. Come on, you should not have to be told that.

Katie grunted as she used her usually dormant muscles to curl her upper body towards her raised knees. The exercises she had been doing all week must have helped, she doubted she could have managed one otherwise.

Don&#8217;t just flop back down like a dead fish. Though I do think I can smell one, Lauren laughed at the distraught look that flashed across Katie&#8217;s face. Only teasing Kitty, your pussy is lovely, shaggy but lovely. Nine more.

What felt like a shock of electricity skittered up her body at her owner&#8217;s words. She knew her pussy was opening gently with each rep, she could feel it. Lauren was right down there, her face a foot away from her sex. No one had ever been that close. She tried to imagine the aroma that Lauren could smell. Katie could smell her sex and she was much farther away. Was it becoming more potent or was it just that the comments had brought it to the forefront of her mind once again.

Lauren followed Katie&#8217; struggle, noting the movements of her body, the play of her muscles, the puckering of her pussy. She had counted each one for her girl, doing this small favour for her pretty slave. Each crunch became slower and more laboured. The tenth took so long that Lauren was sure Katie would fail. When she lay back panting, jubilant that she had completed the full set, Lauren called for one more. Katie&#8217;s eyes flicked open, she almost questioned Lauren, she had done ten, Lauren had even counted them, but she bit back her disobedience and struggled through one more.

One more Kitty. Do this one for me.

Katie took a deep, defeated breath and struggled once more to lift her body off the floor. Her arms were tensed, almost crushing her tender breasts within their embrace. Her feet were almost coming off the floor, despite Lauren leaning on them with all her strength. Her stomach quivered as she pushed herself one last time. She made it, she looked Lauren in the eyes, excited at the happiness and pride she saw there. She could not help herself this time, her muscles gave way and she flopped back onto the floor but a smile was on her lips. She had not failed.

Come Kitty, you can bathe me.

Lauren grabbed the stunned girl&#8217;s hand and pulled her to her feet. She opened the door, peered down the hall and led her charge to the bathroom. How she knew where it was Katie couldn&#8217;t guess but her mind was on other things. Bathe? Would they shower together? Did that mean she was going to see Lauren naked? Katie wasn&#8217;t sure how to feel about that. There was a nervous fluttering in her belly, or was that just her muscles twitching from her recent exertions. Seeing Lauren naked seemed like a step that she wasn&#8217;t ready for, not that her readiness meant anything in the scheme of things. She hadn&#8217;t been ready, or willing, for any of this to happen and yet it had.

There aren&#8217;t enough towels Kitty. Fetch me another, Lauren commanded.

Katie, still breathless from the exercises plodded gingerly back to the door. The linen cupboard was at the very end of the hall. A good six feet away. There and back in seconds. She listened carefully. How much time was there between starting up the stairs and being able to see along the landing. She should be able to make it even if she heard someone coming.

Katie jumped out the door, yelping at the stinging pain in her left buttock. She ran to the linen cupboard, grabbed a towel and dashed back, the whole time rubbing her smarting behind. Lauren must have really wound up for that one. She could see the handprint already formed large across her butt, like some prehistoric cave painting. It lay directly across the three fading bruises of the cane marks she had received on Monday. She never wanted to feel that cane again.

Now Kitty. You asked to pee earlier this afternoon. Do you wish to do so now?
Yes Miss, Katie said hurriedly, the desire to pee pounding her poor bladder like the violent surf after a storm.

Kitty, see how I look after you. It seems that you found me at just the right time. You aren&#8217;t taking care of yourself. But you have me now. If you wish for permission you must ask Kitty.
May I pee please Miss?
Yes Kitty, let&#8217;s have a look.

Um, what? She had peed while her Mom had been in the shower once but no one had ever watched her. She couldn&#8217;t have meant what she thought she did. The naked girl stepped gingerly to the toilet, glancing back at Lauren as she did so. Lauren matched her pace and stood directly in front of the toilet as she reached down and lifted the lid. Katie sat meekly, looking up at her owner tower over her.

Spread your legs Kitty. Sit up straight. Why are you always hunching over like Quasimodo. I swear the next time I tell you to straighten up you will be punished, severely.
Yes Miss, Katie said despondently.

And where do you think your hands should be? Lauren asked, when she noticed Katie&#8217;s hands flopping listlessly at her side. Katie sheepishly slid her hands behind her back, looking down at her widely spread knees. Good girl. Begin.

Katie needed to pee. She really did. She had been wanting to go for hours. Now that she was here, there was nothing. She was being watched, that was part of it, but the humiliating position she had to adopt was the bigger impediment. Katie could not believe someone would actually want to watch someone else peeing. That was wrong. If she couldn&#8217;t go would she be punished? She had asked and she had been given permission, if she didn&#8217;t go now would that mean that she was disobeying an order?

Kitty?

Katie looked timidly at Lauren and her pee blasted from her like a firehose. She wanted to look away, she could feel her colour rise, her chest and face became uncomfortably hot, but she was caught by Lauren&#8217;s eyes. She couldn&#8217;t see what was in their depths, the paleness of the blue looked almost otherworldly in this light. Lauren&#8217;s face was lightly shadowed but her eyes seemed to blaze with an internal light. Katie could not look away. Her urine continued to flow, splashing noisily in the bowl below her. She felt so small and dirty, she felt worthless and ugly, yet she could not look away. How could Lauren stand to look at her like this?

Her flow began to slow, then stop. A last few drops plinked into the bowl before Katie could wrench her eyes from Lauren&#8217;s hypnotic gaze. Give a little wiggle Kitty. It&#8217;s always best to get those last few drops away. Katie did as she was told, wiggling her behind like a happy puppy. One square Kitty. Fold once and dab, never wipe.

The naked teen obediently dabbed at her pussy, dropped the paper in the toilet and stood up to flush. She had just had someone watch her pee for the first time. Not only that but she had been issued orders along the way, trained like an animal. She shivered at the thought, eager to leave the episode behind.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Start the shower Kitty. When it is the right temperature, kneel by the shower door until you are needed.

Katie rushed to the shower and turned the hot water tap on first, allowing the pipes to heat up. The shower was a little finicky but she knew all its tricks. A few moments later, she turned on the cold and fiddled with the flow until she had a nice steady stream of steaming hot water. Kneel until she was needed? She didn&#8217;t particularly like the sound of that but her likes and wants, and needs, she had come to realise, were not important. She knelt down on the mat outside the shower door, legs spread widely and waited.

Katie&#8217;s breath caught as Lauren walked confidently passed her and stepped into the shower. Her body was exquisite. Her slim, toned body was the lightest tan all over. The way her muscles tightened and stretched as she moved was intoxicating. Her breasts were small and round, half the size of her own but they suited Lauren. They were little pixie breasts, Katie smiled. It was when Lauren stepped under the water and turned to face Katie that her heart had skipped a beat.

Lauren&#8217;s pussy was completely bare. The smooth skin of her belly continued unbroken down to the delicate pink lips between her legs. As the water ran down Lauren&#8217;s lithe form, Katie could only stare at the enticing cleft between her mellow thighs. All she could see was the thinnest of lines between the rounded lips of her sex. She looked so tight Katie wondered if she could even fit a finger between those soft silky lips.

Katie looked down at her own body, disgusted at the thoughts that had come unbidden into her mind. She was not a lesbian. When she mast-, when she played with her pussy she thought of boys. She had kissed four boys and Scott had even touched her breasts, through her clothes. Lauren had a great body, like a movie star&#8217;s and she was just thinking that it was nice, that&#8217;s all. She liked to look at pretty outfits too that didn&#8217;t mean she didn&#8217;t want them. Well she did but not all of them. Well she did but Just shut the fuck up, you are hopeless at metaphors. Lesbian!

God, she was even teasing herself now. She had to get a grip. She had been told to wait until she was needed and Lauren had said before that she was going to bathe her. She was soon going to have to get in the shower with another girl and wash her like like a maid. Like a slave. Just say it, everyone else is thinking it. Everyone else, yeah one person. Yeah, one person who owns you. Why did she do this to herself? People said it was a sign of madness if you talked to yourself. What about if you argued with yourself?

Come Kitty.

Katie sprang to her feet, instantly ashamed of her enthusiasm. It was a little cold out of the shower, she could feel the cold of the tiles rising through the thin mat. She stepped in to the shower and closed the door behind her. She thought of what her parents would think if they knew what was going on. If they knew they were both in the bathroom at once they would no doubt just think that they were mucking around like normal 16 year old girls did. What would they really think if they knew that their daughter was a slave who was about to wash her owner?

Wash my hair first Kitty. Then you may wash my body. Soap and hands Kitty.
Yes Miss, Katie replied breathlessly.

Her breasts slid across Laurens back as she moved past for the shampoo. She felt her nipples stiffen at the touch. Fuck, this wasn&#8217;t happening. Katie&#8217;s mind was a blur as she lathered the taller girl&#8217;s hair, having to stand on her tiptoes to massage the top of Lauren&#8217;s head. Both girls were silent, Lauren luxuriating in the attentions of her slave. Katie however was in constant turmoil. She could feel a maddening pressure low in her belly, very low she corrected.

Good girl Kitty, you have gentle hands, Lauren sighed.
Thank you Miss.
Have you ever washed another girl&#8217;s hair before Kitty?
No Miss.
Were you thinking of going to college Kitty?
Um, I I don&#8217;t know Miss.
Kitty, chided Lauren. Katie winced at the tone in her owner&#8217;s voice. How could she turn that one word into so many different feelings. With a small change in her voice Katie could be praised or chastised.
Sorry Miss, I did want to go to college.
To do what?
I don&#8217;t know Miss.
Yes that seems about right for you Kitty. Lazy and listless. Well we will have a look at your grades later and see. Do you know how to wash a superior Kitty?
Uh yes Miss, Katie replied uncertainly. Well how hard could it be?
We shall see.

Once Katie had rinsed Lauren&#8217;s hair she took the soap and lathered it between her hands. Where should she start? Shoulders. Shoulders were a good place, nice and neutral.

No Kitty, Lauren said, quietly and gently but with a hint of admonishment. First angle the water away. You want to keep that lather. Give the soap to me Kitty. Now hush Kitty. Hush and learn.

Katie was transported into another world as Lauren lathered her young body. Small, but ever-increasing circles eased the tension from her shoulders and back. Lauren&#8217;s soapy hands slid down Katie&#8217;s soft body caressing her curves with long sensuous strokes. Katie leaned forward, pressing her hands against the frosted glass wall of the shower as Lauren reached from behind and massaged her pert breasts. Her agile fingers slipped and slid as they tried to grasp each hard nipple. Katie gasped at the maddening touch. She moaned, wondering at first where the sound was coming from, not realising it was from her own mouth.

Her knees trembled as the soapy hands slid down her belly and into the thick bush hiding her precious cave. Lauren&#8217;s fingers played a sensual symphony amidst the tight black curls, creating a white lather to cover the black. Katie was scrabbling for purchase on the glass-slick wall, moaning desperately for something to grasp, something to squeeze. She pushed her young face into the glass and panted uncontrollably as Lauren slid a hand between her buttocks and across the tightly puckered ripple that lay betwixt the cheeks. Her finger slid back and forth across the sensitive bud, threatening with each motion to slide inside her hot pussy that was creating a lather of its own.

Gooseflesh rippled her entire left side as Lauren breathed into her ear, her mouth brushing the sensitive skin, Now you Kitty.

Lauren stepped back from the panting girl, smiling with a sensual triumph. Katie was slumped against the frosted glass wall of the shower, her weak knees buckled inwards, her ass thrust out for attention. Her head was turned to the side, leaned against the glass as if exhausted. Her mouth was parted, each gasping breath coating the glass with a moist fog. Katie groaned as she realised that Lauren was waiting for her. Her owner had finished the demonstration, leaving her more frustrated than ever before. There was an almost overwhelming pressure between her legs. She could feel her clit, so hard it felt as it would burst like an overripe grape. But she had a duty to fulfill.

Katie tried to collect herself, rubbed the soap between her hands and took deep, calming breaths. It was all Lauren could do not to burst out laughing. The pent-up sexual frustration was oozing from every pore of the pretty teenager&#8217;s body. It was not her time to come, not yet. She would come when she decided and not before. She had a plan for the young girl that would guarantee she would never forget her first orgasm as a slave.

Katie tried to emulate Lauren&#8217;s performance but she knew she was not as good. She tried to be sensual but she felt as if she was simply workmanlike. When she washed Lauren&#8217;s breasts she almost forgot where she was and what she was doing. Lauren had taken hold of her hands and pressed them into her breasts, moving them in slow circles as she leaned down and kissed the breathless girl. Katie responded with a vigour born of frustration, pressing forward, her tongue pushing past Lauren&#8217;s lips searching for its partner. Lauren could feel the shorter girl&#8217;s hard nipples pressing into her chest. I&#8217;ll have to be careful, she could have my eye out, she chuckled to herself.

Katie would have stayed that way all day, her lips locked with her owner, breathing her breath, tasting her mouth, but Lauren pushed her away and gently, but insistently, moved her hands lower. Katie washed the thin hips and taut belly, hesitant to go lower. Her hands caressed Lauren&#8217;s hard stomach almost a dozen times before she worked up the courage to slide her soapy hand lower. The smoothness of the bare mons was delicious, but the feel of the silky smooth lips made Katie shudder. Lauren did not permit her to linger, turning around so Katie could finish her task. She did not want to deal with a similar frustration, her own time would come soon enough.

Katie felt terribly wicked when she slipped a hand hesitantly between the tight globes of Lauren&#8217;s ass. Her finger searched for the tight puckering and a shiver rippled through her body as she found it. She had just touched another girl&#8217;s asshole. She felt as wicked as she had when Katie went cold, despite the steam rising from where the hot water fell behind her. Reality came crashing down so hard she almost collapsed to the floor of the shower. What the fuck was she doing? She was NOT A FUCKING LESBIAN. She didn&#8217;t even like this girl. She was blackmailing her, using her, abusing her. She didn&#8217;t care about her, she only wanted a toy for her perverted fantasies.

How could she have fallen for it? How could she have done those things? She felt dirty, not twenty minutes ago she had been forced to piss while another girl watched and commented, and told her what to do. Her fucking parents were downstairs for Christ&#8217;s sake. Katie quickly finished washing Lauren&#8217;s legs and stood up, surveying the soapy body she had washed.

"I have finished Miss."
"So you have Kitty. Fetch my towel and wait."

Katie stepped out of the shower and danced over to the towel she had collected earlier. She hurried back to the mat on tiptoes, leaving small puddles with each step. So what was she supposed-

"Hold it out Kitty. A slave waits on the pleasure of her owner," instructed Lauren as she turned lazily under the warm water, rinsing off the last of the soap.

Katie spread the towel out in front of her body, ready for when her owner had finished in the shower. She watched Lauren as she enjoyed the steaming water. Katie was getting colder with each passing moment as the water cooled on her body. It must have been five minutes before Lauren decided she had had enough. She stepped out of the shower and into the waiting towel. Katie dutifully wrapped it around Lauren's dripping body.

"Dry, Kitty."

Katie obeyed, gently wiping Lauren's body with long soft strokes of the towel. Thankfully Lauren had squeezed most of the water out of her hair and it dripped only lightly. Katie soon found herself on her knees as she dabbed her owner's legs and feet. Lauren stood admiring herself in the mirror as Katie dried her body.

"I will dry my hair Kitty."
"Yes Miss."

Katie relinquished the towel, remaining on her knees as Lauren whipped the towel violently across her head. All she could do was watch and wait. Gooseflesh covered her entire body as the last of the cold water rolled down her naked body. The cold had quickly become uncomfortable but she said nothing. Once she was dry Lauren threw the towel on the floor and began to go through the cupboard under the sink. Katie watched her lithe movements, wondering what she was looking for.

"Kitty, you have wet the floor. Clean it."
"Yes Miss."

Katie almost scowled but caught herself in time. She wanted to get dry and warm but apparently her work was not yet down. She picked up the damp towel and crawled across the floor soaking up each tiny pool of water she had created. By the time she returned to the mat, cleaning the extra drips she had left while cleaning the first, the towel was soaked.

Lauren took the dry towel from atop the small basket in the corner and wrapped it around her body. "Dry yourself Kitty, then hang the towel up to dry. I will see you in your room in three minutes."

Katie watched despondently as Lauren walked out the door. She looked down at the wet towel in her hands and fought back the tears. She rose slowly and dried her body as best she could with the wet towel. She was eventually dry but not much warmer. With a last forlorn look, Katie draped the towel over the doorhandle and peered into the hall.

She could see no one so dashed to her bedroom door. Lauren had closed it so she twisted the handle, desperate to get inside. Her hand slipped on the knob. Her hand was dry, she had not slipped. The door was locked. Fuck. She knocked on the door as quietly as she could.

"Who is it?"
"Katie."
"Who is it?"
"Kitty Miss. May I come in please." She hadn't been thinking that first time, she was panicing.
"Just a minute, I'm not decent."

Not fucking decent, Katie wanted to scream. She knew it was a game Lauren was playing and she knew she was probably giggling away behind the door but she was frantic to get inside. Her Dad could not see her like this. It seemed like an age before she finally heard the lock click and the door opened slowly.

"On your knees Kitty," Lauren said blocking the doorway. "From now on when you enter a room that I am in, you shall kneel and kiss my feet. The same will apply when I enter a room. Understand?"
"Yes Miss," Katie said from the floor, her head darting to the stairwell afraid that any minute her parents would investigate. Katie bent forward and gently kissed the top of Lauren's feet, looking plaintively up at her owner once she was done.

"Inside. No Kitty, crawl. To the centre of the room."

Katie followed her owner's command, kneeling when she reached the middle of the room. Her hair was still a little damp, occasionally releasing a cold drip of water that ran down her back and somehow always found its way into the crease between her buttocks.

"Knees wider Kitty. This is your second position Kitty. When you are commanded to kneel you will immediately adopt this position. Kneel here. Face away Kitty."

Katie knelt on the floor in front of her desk chair, upon which Lauren sat imperiously. She was facing away from the chair looking at her open cupboard doors. Her closet really was a mess. Her mother was fond of saying it looked like a tornado had swept through it, and she was not far wrong.

Katie knelt patiently, wondering what was to happen now. She was kneeling naked in her own room, while Lauren had already changed into a cute pair of yoga pants and a tight black singlet. She always somehow managed to look attractive no matter what she wore.

Katie suddenly felt something on top of her head. Her first instinct was to shy away from the touch but she had been expecting something and she stayed in place. For the next five minutes Lauren brushed Katie's lustrous black tresses, easing the last of the water from her hair and down her back. Katie shivered each time a new droplet cascaded down her bare skin.

Lauren brushed her hair, each stroke a gentle sensuous massage that started at her scalp and flushed the tension out of her classmate as the shower had failed to do. Katie leaned back into each stroke, pushing her head into Lauren's touch, seeking to increase the intimate pressure.

Such an easy-to-please little slut, mused Lauren. She enjoyed brushing the hair of another girl. She enjoyed running it through her fingers even more, but not when it was wet. She had never had much chance to indulge herself before, but she had Kitty now.

"You may now brush my hair Kitty."

Lauren handed her the brush over her shoulder and turned her chair around to face the computer. As Katie commenced brushing her owner's hair, she watched as Lauren surfed the internet. The naked teen blushed, thankful that her owner could not see, when she noticed Lauren had found the website from which she had purchased her dildo. She thought she had hidden that bookmark better than that.

Lauren spent a long time in the section that contained all the dildo's with suction cups on the bottom. They were all very realistic, or so Katie assumed. She was able to read a few descriptions that said they were moulded from real cocks. She was fascinated by that but the next section that held her owner's attention disturbed her.

It had been titled 'Anal Toys' and held a vast selection of buttplugs: silicon, glass, metal, even wood. She was disturbed and a little horrified to think that she would ever have anything to do with any of the stuff on these pages. There were almost as many pages of plugs as there were dildos.

"Kneel, away" commanded Lauren once she had enough of Katie's attention. She had felt Katie&#8217;s focus waver as she surfed particular pages and she had taken especial note. She really should have taken her to task for losing focus at all, but she was feeling frisky and forgiving.

Katie placed the brush on the desk and returned to her previous position. When would she be allowed to put something on? Surely they would be called for dinner soon and she couldn't be like this then.

She felt Lauren at her hair again but she couldn't tell exactly what she was doing. It was not until Lauren started work on the other side of her head that Katie realised. She was having her hair put in pigtails. She had not worn her hair like that since she was ten. Why? She looked so much nicer with her hair down, and swept across her face. That was why she had chosen that cut.

"Ok Kitty, let's see what we have to work with. Fetch what you normally wear at night."

Katie rose to her feet and padded to her wardrobe. She could feel the two pigtails bob at the side of her head as she walked.

Katie returned from her cupboard with a pair of long pants and matching top. They weren&#8217;t strictly what she wore about the house at night, but after a shower she did, it was just that she didn&#8217;t usually shower this early. Lauren took one look at them and wrinkled her nose in displeasure.

No. Let&#8217;s see if we can&#8217;t find something better in this mess, Lauren said, looking reprovingly at Katie as she did. Lauren flicked through clothes that Katie had hung in her closet but these were mostly school clothes and going out stuff. She wanted to suggest the drawers, which is where she kept her pants and everyday shirts but she didn&#8217;t want to interrupt, preferring to stand in the background as if forgotten.

Once she had exhausted the clothes on display, Lauren turned to the drawers. The top level of drawers in Katie&#8217;s dresser was split into two smaller drawers. In one she kept her socks and random bits and pieces, Lauren ignored that drawer. In the other were all Katie&#8217;s panties. This drawer, Lauren did not ignore. Katie watched as Lauren quickly and adroitly removed each folded pair of panties from the drawer. Some were placed on the top of the dresser, but many more were thrown on the floor at Lauren&#8217;s feet. It barely took her 2 minutes to completely sort her girl&#8217;s panties. Katie looked at the large pile of discarded garments on the floor and the small pile atop the dresser and this pile was very small.

"This I think," Lauren said, holding a skirt behind her, "and this."

Katie now held a short summer skirt and a sleeveless pink tee that had a small bear design on the front. It was a cute shirt, the bear was holding a little bear of its own but Katie hadn't worn it in like, forever. She couldn't go downstairs wearing this, her parents would think she was a slut. She balked at the very thought of even putting the outfit on.

"And these," Lauren said, finally turning back to the waiting teen. Katie sighed, visibly relieved when she saw that Lauren had chosen some underwear for her as well. Her delicate pink culotte panties seemed to have met with Lauren's approval. The bra she had chosen was a white balconette bra with pink straps and a motif of tiny pink flowers. The theme tonight was pink it seemed.

"Panties on first Kitty," Lauren commanded as she sat on the bed to observe.

Katie draped the rest of the outfit that had been chosen for her over the back of her chair. She kept the small pink panties and faced the girl who owned her. She unfolded the panties and slid them up her legs, seating them snugly. She rested her hands by her side and looked to Lauren for instructions. The instant her eyes met those of her owner, she sheepishly moved her hands behind her back.

"Turn around. Slowly Kitty, we don't want you to get dizzy."

Lauren was captivated as the young girl slowly turned, displaying how prettily the sheer material of the panties conformed to her body. The cut was low around the waist, barely cresting the curve of her behind with the seam sliding up between her buttocks, leaving the entire lower quarter of each soft mound bare. When she turned back to the front, Lauren could clearly see the thick bush pressing tightly against the thin material.

"Skirt."

Katie reached for the skirt Lauren had chosen. It was a thin summer skirt, the soft cotton fell loosely and swayed freely with each movement. The white skirt had two small buttons in the back, each one a small pink daisy. Katie undid them, slid up her legs and over her hips and refastened the delicate buttons.

"Give me a little twirl Kitty," Lauren ordered once the skirt was seated. Katie obeyed, feeling the skirt swirl around her legs with the force of her movement. She knew that more of her thigh than was appropriate was able to be seen if she moved like that, much more than she cared to be seen by her parents.

"Walk to the door and back Kitty. Don't be stupid slut."

Katie cringed at the sudden harshness in Lauren's voice. She should have known better. She knew that Lauren had wanted to see her walk as if she was a model on a runway, the sexy sway of the hips, the playful bounce in each step. So why didn't you do it then, she chided. You have to give her what she wants. If you know what she wants, do it.

The timid teen instantly put a spring in her step, showing the enthusiasm that her owner had ordered. She bounced to the door her pigtails and pert breasts flouncing with each exaggerated step. When she turned her skirt flew around her, fanning out from her body, giving Lauren the briefest flash of pink panties.

"Good girl. See Kitty, you can't hide that you're a slut from me. Don't ever hide from me Kitty."
"No Miss, sorry Miss," Katie said contritely.
"We'll have a proper fashion show later. Bra, then shirt."

Katie finished dressing and stood before Lauren nervously. She could just imagine what she looked like. She had to be the very picture of the sex kitten that Lauren had labeled her. But these were her clothes, she never looked, or felt, like this in her own clothes. She felt so sexy just standing here. She wondered how her collar went with the outfit.

"Let's see what's for dinner."

Lauren kicked her legs and bounced up off the bed, grabbed Katie's hand and dragged her from the room. When she was like this, Katie could not help but notice she was just a girl her own age, sweet sixteen. It was when she gave orders, talked about what a slave should do and treated her like property that she sometimes forgot that she wasn't a woman grown. The soft sashaying of her skirt tickled the back of her thighs as they raced down the stairs. The short skirt didn't even reach halfway to her knees. They found Katie's parents sitting in the kitchen.

"Don't you look cute," her Mother said.
"You haven't worn your hair like that for a long time Katie," her father chimed in, still seeing his daughter as his little girl, despite the two large mounds filling out the tight pink shirt that screamed otherwise.
"Well Katie, are you going to introduce us? Mr Thomas asked.
"Mom, Dad, this is Lauren Harper. She's a friend from school," Katie mumbled.
"Well we didn't think you had met her at astronaut training," her father chuckled.
"Nice to meet you Mr and Mrs Thomas. Thanks so much for letting me sleepover."
"That's ok dear, so what do you girls have planned tonight," Mr Thomas asked innocently.

Katie froze like a trapped animal. What could she say? Well she couldn't really say anything. She had no idea what Lauren had planned for her tonight. She was just there to do what she was told, she added forlornly.

"We have a little homework Sir. I am going to help Kitty with her grades because she isn't really applying herself and she has so much potential. And we're going to try on outfits and you know girl stuff," Lauren said coquettishly. "And of course I have to spank her bum."

Katie had flicked a desperately guilty look at Lauren when she had called her Kitty, but her jaw dropped at the mention of spanking. She couldn't have heard right she thought as she felt her blush rise.

"Come again," said her bewildered father.
"Well Sir, Kitty hasn't even offered me a drink."
"Katie that's a little rude, and you can forget the Sir, you can call me Greg."
"Thanks Greg."
"Katie?"

The mortified teen sprang to life, "Would you like a drink Miss?" Oh God, had she just said that out loud. She could tell by the looks on her parents faces that she had. She was horrified that she had said it, but what if she hadn't? Would Lauren have punished her?

"I'll have a coke thanks. Diet if you have it."

Katie scurried to the fridge, thankful that she would be out of the spotlight for even a brief time. The conversation continued without her, as if her parents now recognised she was property.

"So you said Katie's not applying herself?"
"Yes Sir, Greg," Lauren smiled disarmingly at the feigned mistake. "We haven't gone over her grades yet, but it's pretty clear she doesn't pay enough attention in class. She's just unmotivated is all but I hope to fix that."
"You're a good friend Lauren, if only there were more girls like you that looked out for their friends instead of just spending all day gossiping about boys."
"Greg," said Katie's mother, slapping her husband playfully on the shoulder. "Katie said you play Lacrosse?"
"Yes Ma'am."
"Emma, please."
"That's right Emma," Lauren smiled, "I play defense. Attack is more glamorous but defense wins a game just as much. A little bird told me that someone might be thinking of trying out themselves."
"Katie," both her parent's said incredulously, looking towards their daughter.

Katie stood beside Lauren, still holding the coke she had collected. They had all been talking about her as if she wasn't even in the room. Her hand was freezing from holding the cold can but she had not dared to interrupt.

"Well," her father said clearly perplexed by the revelation. "We thought pizza might be nice for dinner, seeing you have a friend over. What's your favourite Lauren?"
"Pepperoni for sure," Lauren beamed.
"Katie's too. We'll order one for you girls and one with everything for us. Run along and watch some TV while we wait."

Lauren took Katie's hand and almost skipped from the room into the lounge. She threw herself down on the couch, lying along its entire length. She reached down and patted the floor in front of her, "Kneel."

Katie looked hesitantly back at the kitchen before padding silently into the lounge room to kneel in front of her owner. She pushed her arms behind her back and slid her knees apart as she had been told. She was trembling, intensely afraid that her parents would walk in at any moment and see the lewd position she was in.

Lauren switched on the television and began absently flicking around the channels as she sipped her coke. She startled Katie when she placed a hand gently on the back of her neck, rolling the collar beneath her fingers.

"You're a good girl Kitty," Lauren cooed in her ear, sending shivers of gooseflesh down her body. "When the pizza comes you will get up and pay. You will be very respectful to the delivery boy. Make sure you call him Sir and thank him nicely. Make sure you ask him his name as well."
"Yes Miss," Katie whispered, still fearful that her parents would hear.
"You will bring me a slice of pizza on a plate. If I am satisfied with the slice you may return with a slice of your own and a glass of water. You will return to your position."
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, watching the random flickering images, Lauren not staying with any channel for more than a few seconds.

The next 20 minutes were tortuous for the young teen. She jumped at every little sound, fearful of being discovered kneeling with her legs spread so widely. She knew Lauren was using that jumpiness against her, making noises and giggling each time Katie jumped. These moments of panic were punctuated by confusingly tender moments, with Lauren stroking her hair or neck or the bare flesh of her arms trapped behind her back.

The moment she heard the doorbell Katie sprang to her feet, eager to fulfil Lauren's commands. She didn't want to find out what would happen if she wasn't the one to pay.

"I'll pay Dad, you just sit down," she said, snatching the money from her father's hand. She raced to the door before he could call her back.

She startled the delivery guy as she flung open the door. "Hi," she said breathlessly, noticing he was a young guy in his early twenties. "Um, what's your name, Sir." Smooth, real smooth.

"Two large pizzas," he stated quizzically, bewildered by the stunningly pretty girl. She looked like a little girl in that outfit and those pigtails but the firm breasts barely contained by the sleeveless pink top could not be missed.
"Yes Sir," said Katie, blushing furiously as she handed over the money, "um keep the change."

Was that right? Lauren had told her to be respectful and you were supposed to tip right? She noticed him sneaking quick peaks at her breasts and legs as he retrieved the pizzas from the heater bag. Knowing she was being checked out in the revealing outfit made the heat rise within in. It was not only her face, she felt a warmth between her legs that she wished away.

"Thank you Sir. Um may I have your name please Sir," Katie asked again, desperate to fulfil all the terms of Lauren's demands. He looked at her strangely, an offputting glint in his eye.
"John, what's yours?"
"Kitty," Katie replied demurely.

Holy fucking shit! This was like some fucking porno. She looked way too young, but she looked ready to fuck, that was sure. Those tight tits and those creamy little thighs. No one would believe this. He had to get a picture of this little slut. He fumbled with the money, drawing his phone from his pocket as he did so. He lifted the pizzas high as he held the phone low and snapped off a few pictures of the delicious girl. The tight shirt stretched across her chest even more as she reached for the pizzas and he couldn't believe his luck. He wondered how old she truly was.

Once Katie had the pizzas she thanked him and smiled shyly before sliding back around the door. She had seen how he had stared at her, devouring her body with his eyes. Towards the end he was like Pierre, just staring openly at her. It had made her uncomfortable, wary of what he might do.

Her parents took their pizza and went to the den to leave the girls to themselves. Katie was relieved though she wouldn't truly stop worrying until they were in her room with the door locked. She got two plates from the cupboard and a glass for herself, opened the pizza box and scrutinised its contents.

It was a standard pepperoni pizza. Which slice should she choose? Which one would be to Lauren's liking. She had no real idea so chose the piece that looked to have the most pepperoni on it and took it into the lounge. She almost handed the plate to Lauren as she lounged on the sofa but caught herself at the last moment. Instead she fell to her knees, spread them widely and presented the slice to the reclining girl.

Lauren changed a few more channels before she deigned to look at the plate. "It will do Kitty," she said, taking the plate from the kneeling girl. Katie hadn't realised she had been so tense, but as Lauren took the plate the knots in her stomach unwound. Lauren's power over her, upset the young girl but she was determined not to let it get to her.

She hurried back to collect her own slice of pizza and her glass of water. Katie was a little nonplussed with the water option, she always had coke with pizza but there was nothing she could do so she trudged back into the lounge and knelt in front of the couch. Lauren was more than halfway through her slice by the time she had placed the glass on the ground and spread her legs.

"Pick the glass up Kitty. You were not told to place anything on the floor. If it's too much of a chore to hold it, you can drink it now and take it back into the kitchen."

Lauren slapped her on the back of the head as she hesitated. Tears welled in Katie's eyes as she drank the entire glass of water without stopping. She gasped when she had finished and took it back into the kitchen, looking longingly at the untouched piece of pizza on her plate. The moment she stepped back in front of the couch, Lauren handed up her empty plate and ordered another slice.

Tears of frustration slid down her cheeks as she made the trip for the fourth time. She could taste the pizza just by looking at it. The aroma was wafting up to her each time she moved. And she was hungry. She had hardly eaten anything for lunch, being too preoccupied.

"Do you think you can manage to hold on to your drink this time Kitty?" Lauren asked as Katie offered her the second slice from her knees.
"Yes Miss," Katie sobbed.
"Refill your glass and return."

The frustrated teen grit her teeth, determined not to cry anymore. She was just being played with, she just had to accept that. She was going to have to deal with a lot more than this and she was already blubbering.

"Face me Kitty. Do I have a hungry slut on my hands?"
"Yes Miss," Katie whimpered, the tantalising slice of pizza held in her right hand, the full glass of water in her left.
"Would you like some pizza?"
"Yes please Miss."
"Would you like some now, or would you like to wait until I have finished?"
"I would like to wait until you are finished Miss," Kitty replied, fresh tears rolling down her cheeks.
"You are a good girl."

Lauren proceeded to finish off her second slice of pizza, looking past the kneeling girl as she did so. She was never really interested in TV, there was rarely anything worth watching. She must have gone through every channel in the world and nothing. The real entertainment however was sat in front of her. She could see Katie out of the corner of her eye. Her frustration was clear but to her credit she didn't fidget.

Lauren finished her pizza, and drained the last few mouthfuls of her coke before she turned to the kneeling girl. Katie was clearly in distress. She could see the water in the glass ripple and swirl as Katie struggled to hold still.

Finally, thought Katie, as Lauren reached for the pizza on the plate that she held. "Kitty, what does a slave deserve?"

"Um nothing Miss?"
"Telling me or asking me, hmmm?"
"Sorry Miss, a slave deserves nothing Miss."
"Kitty a slave deserves what her owner chooses," Lauren corrected. "And a slave receives what her owner decides, when she decides to give it. You have disappointed me Kitty. I have watched your frustration and impatience. I am not sure a cunt like you deserves anything at all. Well?"
"I am sorry Miss," Katie whimpered, struggling to hold the plate and glass as her shoulders shuddered with each sob.
"Kitty wants to please doesn't she?"
"Yes Miss. Yes Miss I do," said Katie meekly, her frustration replaced by contrition.
"Are you going to be a good girl or a cunt?"
"I will be a good girl Miss. I really will," the desolate teen pleaded.
"Would you like some pizza now Kitty?"
"If it please you Miss."
"Good girl, see I knew you weren't dumb. Open."

Katie opened her mouth obediently. She looked on expectantly as Lauren lifted the slice of pizza to her mouth. She bit off the tip and chewed her first bit of what was the most delicious pizza she had ever tasted. Lauren watched her, delighted at the progress Katie was making.

"What was the name of the person who delivered the pizza?"
"John, Miss," Katie replied between mouthfuls.

Katie hated being fed her food like an animal. Having to wait on the pleasure of another person for each bite but there was nothing she could do. Obedience was her only option no matter how small and worthless it made her feel. It did not take long for Katie to finish the slice of pizza. She was forced to eat at Lauren's pace and a few times had to take a second bite before she had finished the first. She learned to chew her food well but fast and open her mouth when she finished each morsel. She had never realised how much she had taken for granted before becoming property.

Eating was an everyday thing she thought nothing about. The ability to choose her food or even eat it herself had been taken away from her. The humiliation was almost too much to bear and small salty tears fell from her cheeks as she ate the last few bites of pizza. When she had finished the last bite, Lauren slid each greasy finger into her open mouth to be cleaned. Katie did so dutifully, tasting her tears as she did so.

"Drink Kitty. Then clear the plates away and go to your room."

Katie looked at the large glass of water. It would be the second for the evening and she did not want it. What she wanted didn't matter. Besides she was still hungry. She was accustomed to eating three slices and she was not satisfied with the one. Satisfied? She almost laughed at that.

Her second large glass of water finished, she collected Lauren's plate, put them in the sink and went to her room. As she hurried up the stairs she heard Lauren thanking her parents for the pizza. She could still hear the muted hum of conversation as she reached the landing and went into her room. She wasn't sure if she should close the door but she would be standing at attention and she didn't want her parents to see.

Katie was alone for five minutes. With each passing second her anxiety grew. What was Lauren talking about with her parents all this time? She visibly relaxed when she heard someone coming up the stairs. She had begun to fidget, the possible topics of conversation that Lauren would broach was preying on her mind. The young girl released the tension in her shoulders and arms but then stood up straighter, not wanting to displease Lauren with sloppy posture. It was strange how some of this stuff was getting to her. It had not taken long for some of Lauren&#8217;s rules to become almost instinctive. She still could not believe she had called her &#8216;Miss&#8217; in front of her parents. That she had done it was bad enough, but that she hadn&#8217;t even thought about it was the real worry. She had simply blurted it out as if it was completely natural.

Lauren opened and closed her door but did not move from the doorway. She lifted one eyebrow questioningly as she looked at Katie, standing at attention in the centre of the room. She had to admit that the young girl was coming along nicely but she still had a lot of work to do. Katie was confused by the look and straightened her shoulders slightly for want of anything else to do.

Here I have your last report card Kitty, said Lauren, waving the document in the air. It does not make for very good reading. It is disappointing for me to see my slave not working to her potential. A slave always strives to make herself better and that means her body and her mind. You will have to be punished for this Kitty. For each grade less than an A you will receive a smack. So with all these Bs and Cs you have earned yourself eleven smacks. Remove your skirt and panties and fetch your brush.

Katie stared at Lauren, her large green eyes beginning to blur with tears. This wasn&#8217;t fair. She wasn&#8217;t owned by Lauren when those grades were done. Would it be any different now? Katie did not want to answer her own question but she had to admit that it would not. She was sure her grades had not improved, and over the last week she may have slid further. It still wasn&#8217;t fair, Katie mused as she brought her brush to Lauren.

Over the knee Kitty.

Katie slowly lowered herself across Lauren&#8217;s lap, mentally preparing herself for the coming ordeal. She knew this was going to hurt but would it hurt more or less than her previous punishments. Probably more than Lauren&#8217;s hand but less than the cane. She couldn&#8217;t imagine something hurting worse than that. As she dutifully placed her hands in the small of her back and settled herself she was amazed she was even thinking about ranking her punishments. She should be thinking about her apology. She had almost forgotten about having to apologise. What could she say? She hadn&#8217;t even known Lauren then. It wasn&#8217;t fair to be punished for something so long ago before this had even started.

When the first blow struck her bare buttocks Katie could not hold back the high-pitched yelp. She had been determined to remain quiet, deathly afraid of what her parents would do if they heard the commotion. Lauren marveled at the way Katie&#8217;s flesh flattened under the brush for just a moment before bouncing back into shape, a red mark appearing instantly. She decided to push through this correction quickly as there was so much to do. In less than a minute she had landed all eleven strokes across Katie&#8217;s upturned buttocks. Her arm swung furiously, alternating the strokes between the pretty cheeks.

At the end of the brief flurry Katie was left blubbering and breathless, two red marks centred in the middle of each sweet cheek. The colour was darkening as Lauren watched, fascinated by the reaction of the girl&#8217;s body. Katie had tried not to struggle, determined to accept the punishment despite feeling it unfair, but the unrelenting pain was too much. No sooner had the flat of the brush smashed into one buttock but the flesh of her other soft cheek was rebounding from a blow of its own. If there was some space between she felt she would have dealt with it better, but the pain built and built as each stroke quickly followed the last. It had been over quickly though, for that she was thankful. When Lauren released her grip on her wrists, the weeping teen stood at attention before her, doing her best to hold back her sobs. 

Miss I am very sorry for not applying myself and getting bad grades. I will do better, much better I promise, Katie apologised, every other word punctuated by a sniffle or a little catch in her breath with each fresh sob.
I know you will Kitty, Lauren smiled. She was so pretty when she cried like this, especially standing there naked from the waist down. Go and stand in the corner and think about it.

Katie sniffed despondently but took herself obediently into the corner. Was her apology not good enough or was this just a part of the punishment? She didn&#8217;t like being sent to the corner, and especially not with a burning bum as she had now. What more could she think about? She was going to do better, she was going to pay attention and do her homework and work hard. She knew she should be getting better grades and she knew she could but, and she hesitated to add anything further but her thoughts were a runaway train over which she had lost control. But she also wanted to please Lauren.

Kitty go and fetch two garbage bags, while I look a little closer at this, Lauren ordered. You may put your skirt and panties back on.

Katie breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that. She could not have gone downstairs without bottoms. She would have had no choice but to be disobedient and take the punishment she would earn, she couldn&#8217;t do that in her own house. She was sure Lauren wouldn&#8217;t do anything that would risk her exposure either, but she thought back to how she had been treated in the lounge. If either of her parents had seen her kneeling on the floor like a slut, being fed pizza like an animal, well she couldn&#8217;t even imagine what would have happened.

Katie went downstairs, wondering as she scurried into the kitchen just why she was hurrying everywhere. Lauren had not said to hurry but Katie had felt she should be completing each task as quickly as she could. It was a little disconcerting though, as she usually took her time with everything she did. Her mother loved to say she could dawdle for her country. It was yet another change in the pretty teen&#8217;s behaviour that she didn&#8217;t really wish to pursue in too much depth. There were beginning to be an awful lot of topics that she was hiding from, though she knew she would have to face them sooner or later. For now, however, later was fine.

Pick up all those panties on the floor and put them in one bag. They are all going in the trash, Lauren commanded. Some of your socks had holes in them Kitty, they have joined the pile. You may enjoy dressing like a hobo but I will not have it. Still hungry Kitty, you trying to catch some flies for dessert?

Katie quickly closed her mouth. All her panties were going in the garbage? What did that leave her? A few pairs of skimpy panties she wore on occasions where she wanted to feel sexy and a couple of g-strings. There wasn&#8217;t even enough to wear for a full week. Katie had a sudden sinking feeling. She nibbled her lower lip as she thought what not having enough panties to wear would mean. She quickly scooped up the pile of unsatisfactory underwear from the floor straight into the big black garbage bag. What would her mother say?

Kneel. It seems that you aren&#8217;t doing too bad in English, Biology and Chemistry but even in those it seems pretty obvious that you are not fulfilling your&nbsp; potential.&nbsp; Ok slut, let&#8217;s clean up this mess a little bit hey?
Yes Miss, Katie responded dejectedly. She was still feeling the effects of the loss of all her panties. She had to admit that a lot of them weren&#8217;t that sexy, just ordinary briefs that her mother had bought in packs. They were fine for wearing to school and stuff because who ever saw them anyway. Apparently they weren&#8217;t fine though, as they were now all in a bag ready to be thrown in the garbage.

Lauren had come to stand next to Katie and they surveyed her wardrobe together. Hold your arms out, Lauren commanded. Katie just managed to get her arms in place before the first garment was thrown at her. Skirt after shirt after dress after pants were quickly strewn across her outstretched arms. The dazzled teen was soon struggling with the weight of the clothes that Lauren had removed from her wardrobe.

Put them in a pile by the door. You will remove the hangers and fold them and place in the other bag. These clothes can be given to charity. You can do that later though. Try this skirt and this blouse.

Lauren quickly dumped the clothes by the door, her mind still reeling. Lauren had removed almost a third of the clothes that had been hanging in her closet. Her mother wouldn&#8217;t allow this. She would be sure to find out and wonder where all the clothes had gone. What would she say? She was a hopeless liar but she couldn&#8217;t say that her owner had decided they were no longer suitable for her slave and had given them to charity.

Get your skirt over there, it can go on the end of the bed. Put the top you have on with it. Panties and bra over here. Ok now put these on.&nbsp;&nbsp; In just a few moments Katie was standing in front of her owner wearing an entirely different outfit. Lauren twirled a finger in the air and Katie dutifully followed suit, slowly turning to display her charms to her owner. Now this top. That one goes in the &#8216;keeper&#8217; pile.

The night became a whirl of fashion as Katie dressed and undressed at the whim of a 16 year old girl. She felt like a mannequin in a store, constantly being displayed in new combinations of skirts and dresses and shorts and jeans, only she was dressing herself. Lauren would inspect each ensemble, have her turn so she could be viewed from all angles and sometimes having her do a little catwalk show. The pile of clothes she was allowed to keep grew, though not as fast as the pile of discarded garments deemed unsatisfactory by her new owner. Every outfit had something in common: it was sexy and stylish and showed off her body, accentuating her charms and girlish curves. The skirts were short and swishy, the jeans tight and cut low. She was a little surprised that Lauren allowed her to keep any long pants but you couldn&#8217;t wear short skirts every day, she supposed.

Katie sighed when her cupboard was finally empty. The small pile of clothes that sat on the end of her bed looked paltry, far too little to comprise a teenage girl&#8217;s wardrobe.&nbsp; Some of the stuff she didn&#8217;t mind losing, daggy crap her mother had bought but some of her favourite &#8216;comfort clothes&#8217; had been the first to be thrown on the discard pile. She still wasn&#8217;t sure how she was going to get away with losing such a substantial amount of her clothing but the humiliation of being made to model clothes like a doll, dress and undress what felt like hundreds of times, was all she could think about.

It was only then that Lauren turned to her dresser and its four untouched drawers. Katie almost groaned aloud as she realised that all her casual t-shirts and shorts and her winter gear was all in those drawers. The first item that Lauren drew forth was her bathing suit. She had three different suits but more often than not she had worn her one piece, a plain black suit open in the back. Lauren looked at Katie as she threw it purposefully on the floor by the door.

Her yellow bikini went the same way, though Katie could not see what was wrong with it. Her red bikini was the only swimsuit that made the cut. It was a string bikini that she was not overly fond of. The bottoms were held together by two thin strings that were tied in a bow at each hip. She was always a little worried that someone would pull a strand and untie the bow. Once she had realised that, the last time she wore it, she could not seem to shake the fear and had not enjoyed the remainder of that day at the beach. It was no surprise really that Lauren had decided to keep that particular swimsuit.

Lauren emptied her drawers in a chaotic flurry of activity that seemed to be over in seconds. It was not that hard, Katie thought, when almost everything just got chucked on a pile on the floor. A few singlets, her smallest t-shirts and a few pairs of shorts were all that made the cut. Lauren turned next to her shoes. At least there, Katie was sure, Lauren would not be disappointed. Her flip-flops were unceremoniously spun across the room like weirdly shaped Frisbees but the rest of her shoes passed Lauren&#8217;s exacting scrutiny. That was something at least, Katie sighed, surveying the majority of the clothing that she owned lying in untidy piles on the floor. 

The miserable teen watched aghast as Lauren turned to the jewellery box that sat atop the dresser. Katie had been left standing, forgotten and forlorn, wearing only a skirt as Lauren had finished her &#8216;clean out&#8217; but now Lauren called her forward. She had Katie remove the small stud earrings that she wore and made her hold up every single one of her many pairs of earrings. More than half were dumped in a pile on the top of the dresser, while the others were replaced in the box.

Kitty, fetch that lovely bag you keep your dildo in.

Katie obeyed and watched tearfully as her jewellery was tipped into it. All the pretty bracelets, rings and necklaces that her parents or her relatives had bought her were thrown in the bag together. The box she had often spent hours arranging, trying each piece on and deciding which outfit it would look best with had been emptied, her entire collection now reduced to a feeble few pairs of earrings. She had a new piece of jewellery she supposed, one which she could not remove. It wasn&#8217;t fair though, most of that stuff was presents. She couldn&#8217;t just throw it away. Maybe it was just being removed for safekeeping, after all why put it all in that little bag if she was just going to throw it away. A little glimmer of hope helped her to fight back the tears that threatened to overwhelm her.

Hurry up and fold these and get them in the bag. Some dag will appreciate them I am sure, there are so many people with no sense of fashion that they are bound to find a home. Once you have gotten rid of those piglet clothes, we will spend some time on your new wardrobe. If you are a slut you should dress like one. Don&#8217;t worry though Kitty, there is a big difference between a slut and a skank, I can guarantee you will never look skanky.

Oh, that makes me feel so much better, Katie said snarkily. She looked at the large pile of clothes on the floor and was daunted by the sheer volume of items that she would be forced to either give away or throw away. She would have loved to put a shirt on, standing in front of a fully dressed girl wearing only a skirt made her feel even more naked than if she was fully undressed. It was strange how having her breasts bared made her feel so vulnerable. She could see and feel every little sway and bounce as she moved. Her breasts were firm and sat high on her chest and yet they seemed to have a life of their own, a life of subtle movement that was hidden beneath a bra or blouse.

Katie sank to her knees and began folding each garment before placing it in one of the large black garbage bags. Some of the clothes were, to her, just pieces of material but for others it was like saying goodbye to an old friend. A small solitary tear rolled down her cheek as she folded the oversized t-shirt she liked to wear when she was sick. It was almost like a dress, coming well past her buttocks and she loved to snuggle up in front of the TV with a box of tissues and watch the atrocious programs that comprised daytime TV. It was a guilty pleasure and something that made her feel better and this shirt was part of that. And now she was being forced to give it away.

Katie felt Lauren&#8217;s presence behind her but kept focused on her task. The warm hands that rested on her back made her jump. They slid slowly around her body to cup each breast as Lauren breathed into her ear. Kitty, you are taking too long. Neatly, but the folds do not have to be geometrically exact, Lauren said squeezing the young girl&#8217;s nipples for emphasis.

Katie gasped as each tiny pink bud was pinched mercilessly, sharp stabbing pains shooting deep into each breast. She began to fold faster. Lauren continued the pressure until she felt her charge was moving at the correct speed. Katie gasped when she was finally released. Lauren&#8217;s ability to touch her, to play with her body whenever she wanted unnerved the worried teen. Lauren saw it as a right. She was Lauren&#8217;s property now and she treated her body with such casual disregard for Katie&#8217;s feelings. It made her wonder just how far she could go.

Katie redoubled her efforts, keen not only to please Lauren but eager not to have her body abused. Being punished was different to the casual interference that Lauren had just demonstrated. Her punishments were structured, she knew what to expect. The way Lauren touched her body with such confidence and with a total disregard for her feelings or wishes disturbed Katie more than she would care to admit. Lauren really did see her as just another possession, to do with as she pleased, when she pleased without any thought of repercussion. She thought no more about fondling Katie&#8217;s body than she did about touching a pair of shoes or her bag. Katie suddenly felt more exposed and vulnerable than she had ever been. Anything could happen to her at the whim of a 16 year old. How had she-? She cut herself off and angrily threw the dress she had just folded into the bag, mad at herself for dredging up the reason she was doing all this.

Kitty, take that out of the bag and place it properly. Then come over here.

Katie tensed as Lauren chastised her. She had been watching her and had witnessed her moment of temper. Was she in trouble now? She hadn&#8217;t been angry at Lauren, it was at herself. Should she say something, let her owner know it wasn&#8217;t directed at her? Katie decided it was best to play it out, see what Lauren wanted before she started babbling on, possibly getting herself in even more trouble. As she retrieved the item from the bag, refolded and replaced it she felt like a naughty little girl caught stamping her feet in a tantrum. The disapproval of her owner was keenly felt and it caused a terrible stomach-churning sensation that she wished to avoid at all costs. She hated feeling this way, hated that someone had this power over her.

Kneel, Lauren commanded once Katie stood before her. The moment her knees touched the ground the young girl head was wrenched to the right. Her hand flew to her face, cupping the stinging cheek that began immediately to burn with an inner heat. Tears of shock blurred her eyes as she looked despairingly at her tormentor. Kitty, it is a slave&#8217;s duty to complete each and every task she is set with commitment and enthusiasm. If I tell you to clean the road with your tongue you fall to your knees and lick that tar like it was chocolate. Do you understand Kitty?
Yes Miss, Katie sobbed, squealing lightly as Lauren grabbed her pigtails and wrenched her head back.
I can see that you know you were wrong but this is a lesson that is really important and we can&#8217;t leave such things to chance now can we Kitty?
No Miss.
Remove your skirt and get your brush. Now Kitty you will smack your right buttock four times.

Katie looked at Lauren, her deep green eyes wide as she contemplated what she had been told to do. She had to hit herself now? But she had only been angry at herself and it was only a little and None of that mattered, she knew. She had just been lectured over showing enthusiasm and she knew this was her chance to demonstrate it.

Stand up Kitty and face me. Look at me Kitty, do not look away. Keep your eyes open, I want to see those pretty eyes as that brush lands.

Katie looked at her owner, those blue eyes captivating her with their ethereal beauty. She was trapped now, she wanted to look away but could not. She loved those eyes, the palest of blues, so delicate she felt they would shatter at any moment. But she hated those eyes too, afraid of the way they bored into her, as if Lauren could see right into her soul. She felt it now, standing naked before her, the brush in her hand poised to smash into her own soft flesh. Katie raised the brush and slammed it into her ass as hard as she could. Her jaw clenched at the pain. She could do this, only three more to go.

By the fourth stroke she was panting but she had not looked away. She wanted to, she desperately wanted to, but something held her there. As the last stroke fell her vision blurred by fresh tears and she finally looked away. It felt as if a weight had been lifted from her heart and her elation was tempered only by the fresh pain throbbing in her bottom. She had made sure each stroke was as hard as she could make it, refusing to flinch from the command she had been given. It had been a test and she knew, from the look on Lauren&#8217;s face, that she had passed.

And just to remind you of your place Kitty, you can wear these until you are finished, Lauren said, grinning wickedly. She held two small metal objects in her hand. Katie couldn&#8217;t see them too clearly but the moment one of them opened under Lauren&#8217;s fingers she knew where they would be going.

Katie squealed as the clamp closed over her left nipple, cruelly squashing the sensitive pink bud. Her hands flew to her breast, her instinct taking over, desperate to remove the source of pain. Lauren slapped her hands with the brush and tutted at the trembling teen. Katie&#8217;s knuckles stung from the blow and she hurriedly put them behind her back where they belonged. The agony in her breast intensified with each passing moment until the second clamp closed over her right nipple, the bite of its devilish teeth making her hunch her shoulders and gasp with the pain. Her hands moved gingerly to her sides before she caught herself and forced them slowly into the small of her back. Lauren cupped each soft mound, squeezing the meat of each plump breast, marveling at the way the clamps moved and smiling at the fresh groan from the wide-eyed teen.

That should keep your mind on the job Kitty. Hurry up now, present yourself to me when you are finished.

Katie stepped gingerly back to the pile of clothes on the floor. She tried to move slowly and carefully, hoping to keep the movement of her breasts to a minimum. Even small movements were painful. Each small sway or bounce of her full bosom seemed to make the clamps dig deeper, securing themselves even tighter around the delicate circles that tipped each breast. The clamps were small and silver and were very simple in design and looked almost like those things teachers used to keep paper together. Only they were clearly made for just this purpose, these were no paper clamps, they were designed for the soft meat of a nipple.

Katie breathed slowly through her nose, her pretty lips pursed and set into a grim line that told of her anguish. Each time she picked up a garment from the floor sharp stabs of pain shot into her breasts. The pile was much smaller but there was still a heap to go. She didn&#8217;t think she could stand these things, this pain, for as long as it would take. She could just reach up and take them off. That thought had been dancing at the front of her brain since the first agonising bite. 

And what if she did? She would get punished and then Lauren would probably just put them back on anyway. No, she had to do this now. She had to show her owner that she could do this. She deserved what she got, Katie told herself, not quite believing it. She couldn&#8217;t shake the conviction that this just wasn&#8217;t fair. She was a 16 year old girl, surely she could be allowed momentary lapses, she had only been angry for a second and it was only with herself. She should have pleaded her case when she had the chance. Next time she would, for sure.

At that rate you&#8217;ll be there all night Kitty. I had better see some effort or you&#8217;ll get a couple of those nice clamps on those fat cuntlips of yours as well.

Katie shuddered at the thought, gasping&nbsp; as her breasts jiggled and the clamps intensified their hold. She sped up as fast as she dared, the pain in her breasts increasing as her movements became more forced. She had been moving slowly, trying to minimise the pain she would cause herself. She had been wrong to do so. Not only did it mean she would wear the clamps for longer but she risked disappointing Lauren as well.

The plastic garbage bag filled in no time. She folded over the top when she decided she could get no more of her clothes in this bag. There was still a pile on the floor, mainly her dresses and jeans that Lauren had discarded first. What could she do now? The bag of her panties was still mostly empty, but they were getting thrown out, she couldn&#8217;t put good clothes in there. She sat, still as stone, while she tried to decide what to do.

Excuse me Miss, Katie began meekly, kneeling naked as Lauren lounged on her bed watching her with obvious amusement.
Yes Kitty?
Um Miss, uh, the bag is full.
Yes Kitty, it sure looks full.
Um Miss, what, I mean Do I? I mean, what do I do with the rest?
Seems to me Kitty that you need another bag to take the rest of those piglet clothes. You may go downstairs and get one. First though, you need to be dressed appropriately. We can&#8217;t have you running around like that can we?
No Miss, Katie breathed, the relief evident despite the way the pain from the clamps tightened her face.
You have not finished the task Kitty, so I really can&#8217;t take them off. What I can do however is move them down to your pussy. Now Kitty, Lauren continued as she saw the look of horror on the young girl&#8217;s face. That&#8217;s only fair. If you don&#8217;t muck around you can be back before you know it.

Lauren did not wait for Katie&#8217;s compliance, she reached up and removed the clamp from her left nipple. Katie had not expected the pain to surge through her with such intensity. It felt like her nipples was being pulled off. How the fuck could this hurt more than while they were on.

Fuck, she screeched. Katie&#8217;s head snapped to the left with a suddenness that caused bright spots of yellow light to flash before her eyes.
Kitty, a slave speaks with respect. You are not to curse. The next time I hear you swearing I will wash that mouth out with soap. Do you understand?
Yes Miss, Katie said meekly, her voice barely above a whisper. The vicious waspish tone of her classmate was almost as shocking as the sudden slap.

Without another word, Lauren quickly removed the remaining clamp. Ignoring the agonised gasps of the squirming teen, she slapped each of Katie&#8217;s inner thighs, forcing the young girl to open her legs wider. Her ire aroused, Lauren leaned in, pinched a plump labia and pulled it down towards the floor. Satisfied, she let the jaws of the clamp close over the tender meat of Katie&#8217;s sex.

Please don&#8217;t. No, please, Katie pleaded as she backed away, hunching her body at the waist, wanting only to put distance between her tender sex and the wicked metal clamps. Her legs were trembling and her body twisting as the pain of the clamp pulsed through her. She had to get it off. She had to, she had no other choice. She looked down between her legs, horrified at the sight of the bright metal clamp protruding from the black thicket of curls. She could see the evil clamp pinch the soft meat of her pussy, the flesh turning white under the intense pressure. One trembling hand began to move slowly towards the scene.

Kitty, snapped Lauren, the harsh tone stopping the young girl&#8217;s hand in midair. Get back to attention right now. How fucking dare you. Attention!

Katie waddled back to attention, her movements slow and timid. She was in trouble. She shouldn&#8217;t have moved, but she couldn&#8217;t help it. The pain was too much. She shouldn&#8217;t have moved, she knew. Lauren&#8217;s face was impassive, which only scared her even more. She was usually so expressive, whether she was happy or disappointed or even a little exasperated with her inability to get things right. She knew she could be trying at times but she could tell that her owner was really angry now. Her nipples still ached and the agony that throbbed through the soft lip between her legs was almost more than she could stand but she straightened her body and stood at attention. She felt as if a hand was gripping her heart; a hand of iron squeezing her mercilessly. Her breath was coming in ragged gasps and tears were flowing unchecked down her pink cheeks.

Katie grit her teeth as Lauren reached between her trembling thighs and attached the second clamp, cruelly pinching Katie's remaining labia. She grunted in pain, her knuckles turning white as she clenched her hands tightly behind her back.

"Get dressed."

Katie reached tentatively for her skirt. Each movement she made was carefully orchestrated to keep her legs apart. She had to prevent any pressure from forcing the clamps even tighter. Her best efforts were in vain. She had to press her legs together to slide the tight skirt over her hips and she cried out in pain as her thighs came together and crushed the clamps into her sex. Her shirt slid easily over her breasts, though the tight material caused a momentary pulse of discomfort in her still throbbing nipples.

"Kitty?"
"Yes MIss," Katie gasped, doing her best to process the agony between her legs.

Lauren stepped close to Katie and took her head gently in her hands. Katie tensed, wondering what more torture she could be put through. Instead of another dose of pain, Lauren leaned in and tenderly kissed the tears from her eyes before moving gently to her mouth. Katie tasted the salty tang of her own tears as Lauren's tongue slipped past her lips and flicked inside her mouth.

"Be a good girl Kitty. We have a lot to do and we'll never get there if you are naughty. Poor behaviour must be punished Kitty, you know it as well as I do. But good behaviour may be rewarded. What do you want to be, good or bad?"
"I want to be good Miss."
"Right then, the sooner you do as you are told, the sooner we can get on to something fun."
"Yes Miss," mumbled Katie, unsure she wanted to know just what Lauren's idea of fun was.

Lauren gave her a playful smack on the bum as she left but the force of the blow jarred the clamps and made Katie wince with pain. She almost tiptoed out of the room, trying to ease each foot down as carefully as she could.

Once she was on the landing she had a decision to make. Move quickly and get it over and done with or move slowly and carefully to minimise the pain that was shooting through her pussy and into her belly. Lauren had pretty much told her to be quick, though not as directly as that, but if her owner implied something then that was as good as a command. It seemed there was no real decision after all. But what if she removed the clamps, ran downstairs and then put them on when she got back to her room? Katie chastised herself for such a stupid thought. Not only would be breaking Lauren&#8217;s rules but she would never be able to reapply the clamps to the tender lips of her sex. No fucking way.

Katie bit back pain and strode purposefully down the hall. After only two steps she realised she could hear the clamps clacking together as she walked. There was nothing for it, she was committed now. She kept walking, pausing for but a moment at the top of the stairs. The first step almost stopped her. The spike of agony that shot through her left her gasping. She couldn't stop now though, if she did she might never start again. It would be no good if Lauren came to look for her only to find her sobbing on the stairs. What if it was her parents that found her?

That was all the motivation she needed to keep going. She grunted softly with each step but she was soon at the bottom of the stairs. She kept moving, heading straight for the kitchen. Nothing could stop her now.

"Hey Katie, how's it going up there?"

Her father! Katie stopped in the doorway, frozen like a deer in the headlights. Her father was there, in the kitchen, between her and the garbage bags. What was he doing here? He lives here idiot, she screamed at herself. What was she going to do? What if he asked her what the bag was for? What if he heard the clamps knocking together? What if he noticed her hard nipples?

Hard nipples? Katie had not even noticed, until now, that her nipples were hard. They weren't superhard, not like they had been in the shower but without a bra they were still trying to poke through the thin material of her shirt. But she had been asked a question, she had to answer it or he would be suspicious and look at her more closely.

"Uh good Dad, you know," she said, cringing at how guilty she sounded.
"How come we have never heard you mention Lauren before. She must be a really good friend if she's helping you with your schoolwork. She's the first girl you have had over in a long time."
"Um..."
"Sorry honey, didn't mean to be nosey. I think it's great, both your Mom and I do. Lauren seems really nice and she obviously has your best interests at heart, like a true friend. She told us all about what she has planned and we think it's great. Don't let me keep you."
"Thanks Dad," Katie said, bewildered by what she had just heard.

At least he had hardly looked at her, being too busy with the coffee he was making. Her face must be red as a beetroot and she wondered if the clamps could be seen poking into the material of her skirt. Don't be stupid, they are right up between your legs, she chided, but thoughts of the clamps made her remember her purpose. She hurried forward, grabbed the bag, and moved as fast as she dared back up the stairs, the brush with her father improving her speed, afraid to get waylaid again.

Lauren didn't even look up from the computer as she entered the room. The young girl, her pussy on fire from the stabbing pains from the clamps, sank gingerly to her knees and continued packing up her clothes, the clothes she was no longer allowed to wear. She still hadn't quite come to terms with what Lauren had done, but the constant torture between her legs was all she could focus on.

"Excuse me Miss," Katie said meekly as she stood behind Lauren, having packed away the last of her rejected clothing.
"Have you finished Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"About time too. Do you have anything to say to me?"
"Um yes Miss. I am very sorry for being disobedient and for behaving badly and I will try to be better Miss."
"Oh Kitty, come give me a kiss, silly girl."

Katie stepped into the embrace, bending at the waist to reach her owner's upturned mouth. The kiss was sensuous and passionate, though all too brief.

"Would you like those clamps to come off your pussy?"
"Yes Mi... If it pleases you Miss," Katie quickly corrected herself.
"Well Kitty the look on your face each time one moves, yes there it is," Lauren said smiling as her hand reached beneath Katie's skirt and jiggled the clamps together, "well Kitty that is priceless. You are such a pretty Kitty. But... I want your mind on the job so lift up your skirt.

Katie stood demurely, lifting up the short white skirt and baring her clamped pussy for her owner. It was then that the full realisation of what was about to happen hit her. The clamps had hurt sooo much more when they had been removed from her nipples. What was going to happen to her now? Could she even stand the pain?

Katie felt nothing for a second but as the blood rushed back into the tender flesh of her soft lip, she could not help the high-pitched grunt that echoed around the room. The pain was too much, she was going to pass out. She went pale and looked to Lauren for support. Those pale blue eyes were watching her intently. She felt as if they were willing strength to her.

Her owner wanted this. Lauren wanted these clamps off. She had put them there in the first place of course but she had no choice, that was punishment. Katie clenched her delicate jaw and breathed out slowly, preparing herself for the removal of the other clamp. She felt Lauren's warm hands brush her thigh and tensed her entire body.

It was off... and there was the pain. A surging wave of agony surfed up her body, crashing deep in her chest. She wondered what that high-pitched wail was a moment before realising the noise was coming from her. She immediately cut it off remembering just where she was.

"Right Kitty, go into the bathroom and do your makeup like you were shown. The time for tears is over ok? I want that pretty face nice and fresh. Understand?"
"Yes Miss."

The pain of the clamps did not leave her, though it diminished during the time it took for her to make herself presentable. She dabbed at her eyes with cold water before putting the eyeliner on as Lauren had showed her. She even dared a peek under her skirt, just to make sure there was no real damage done to her tender parts. Two small marks were all she could see through the curls.

"At last Kitty, I hope you weren't just standing there admiring yourself in the mirror?"
"No Miss," Katie hurried to defend herself.
"Right then, we need to catalogue your clothes. You will take each piece of clothing, stand up against this wall and smile," Lauren explained, brandishing a camera.

Katie looked at the object she held not wanting to be a part of this. She didn't want any pictures taken of her. Like it matters she told herself. It matters, she countered, arguing with herself yet again. She knew what Lauren already had but somehow it didn't make a difference. She didn't want any more photos taken of her, especially not closeup hi-res photos that this camera would no doubt take.

As in everything though, she had no choice. She could rant and rave to herself all she liked, shed a tear or drop her lip. It made no difference to Lauren. She was a slave now and if Lauren ordered her to do something, she knew she should do it. Would do it, bitch. Don't sugarcoat it. You will do it, whether you like it or not doesn't matter, not to Lauren, not to anyone. The only thing that mattered was what she would do, and she would do as she was told.

"Chop chop Kitty. Start with your panties. Once I have the shot you will remove that item and put it away. Neatly Kitty. Your wardrobe will not become the mess that it was before."

Katie dutifully removed the shirt and skirt and placed them on the bed, after first neatly folding them. She turned to her dresser and picked up the first pair of panties on the tiny pile. She slipped them quickly up her legs and pulled them snug against her pussy. A moment later she found herself against the wall, facing Lauren who looked at her down the viewfinder of the camera.

"Oh Kitty, you are so cute. You are such a good girl."

Katie smiled shyly at the compliment, the exact response that Lauren desired. These pictures were, in truth, for choosing the outfits that Katie would wear each day, but she was sure to find other uses for them. When Lauren lowered the camera Katie removed the panties, folded them and put them in her drawer before reaching for the next pair.

For what seemed like an hour Katie dressed and undressed, one piece of clothing at a time. She felt helpless and hopeless as she performed the demeaning task. Strangely it was when she wore just a bra, or a blouse, her body bare from the waist down, that she felt the most vulnerable.

Somehow she managed to smile or give just the right expression for Lauren as she never failed to take a picture. Sometimes it took a little longer, but she was never angry and never became frustrated. Katie was very thankful for that. This was hard enough as it was, degrading herself like this. She knew she wasn't much of a model but Lauren had such patience with her.

As Katie hung the last dress up in the closet she breathed a sigh of relief, a genuine smile of joy transforming her face from the usual mask of despair. She was, however, naked once again. Since Lauren came into her room that afternoon, red and panting from her run, Katie's life had been a constant swing between naked and clothed.

It felt weird, discomforting, to be naked with another person in the room. The fact the other person was clothed made it worse and the fact that it was Lauren, a girl from school, her own age who had claimed her as property, turned it into an almost overwhelming shame. Without clothing she felt exposed and vulnerable, unable to ever feel truly comfortable.

"Ok Kitty. You did a good job modelling for me. You wear those clothes like a real little slut but Kitty, you must always remember who you belong to. Whose slut are you?
"Yours Miss."
"Excuse me?"
"I am your slut Miss," said Kitty, her head hung modestly.
"If you ever forget that Kitty, if I ever catch you flaunting that little slut body to anyone but me, you will regret that lapse of behaviour more than you could know right now."
"Miss I won't, I promise I won't," Katie pleaded, not sure why it was so important to make Lauren believe her.
"We will see Kitty. You are untrained both as a slut and as a slave. You have an obvious natural talent for both and when you have fully blossomed into the slut you are, then we shall see. You don't like that word Kitty?"
"Um, Miss it's, not really, it's just that..."
"You're a virgin, yes I know Kitty. Being a slut has nothing to do with having sex with heaps of boys. It has everything to do with giving yourself over to sexual desire. Letting passion and desire rule your body, letting the power in your cunt inform who you are. We both know how wet you get and I see the way you move. Your instincts are there Kitty, you just don't really understand them. You are so lucky Kitty, because I do. I could see you were a slut even before I saw you that day on the internet."

Katie blushed at the memory, keen for Lauren to talk about something else. She had moved into her lecture mode, as Katie called it, and the things she was saying, the way they made her feel, was disturbing.

"Now Kitty, this is all wrong," Lauren said, turning her by the shoulders to look at her closet. "Dresses, skirts, pants, shorts," her owner said, pointing to different areas of the closet. "Fix that up now. Once you receive the catalogue you can finesse it a little more. You need some order in your life Kitty. Laziness and sloppiness will not be tolerated."
"Yes Miss."
"No wonder you are not doing well at school. But we have already said goodbye to that little piglet haven't we Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie said emphatically, though the jibe still hurt.
"Get dressed."
'Um, excuse me Miss," Katie hazarded hesitantly once she was clothed in the skirt and shirt that Lauren had chosen earlier that night.
"What?"
"Miss would you like a drink or a snack?"
"You know Kitty I would. You have chocolate?"
"Yes Miss, there is some dark chocolate."
"Oooh, my favourite Kitty. Glass of milk and some chocolate. By the way, what did your parents think of the sleeping arrangements?"
"Um, I don't know Miss. It was all a bit sudden, I haven't asked."
"Do so now."

Katie left the room, pleased with herself. She hadn't been sure if Lauren would appreciate her showing some initiative but if her owner was happy then there was a much better chance that she would be happy.

"Excuse me Dad? Where is Lauren going to sleep tonight?" It felt weird saying the name, her owner's name. It had been the first time she had said it since... well since that first meeting in the library.
"I thought you girls might like to sleep together," her father said when Katie confronted her parents in the den. Katie blushed at her father's words. What had Lauren told him? Her paranoia was starting to come back with full force.
"We could bust out the old camping mattress though you girls are going to have to blow it up yourselves. And no using it as a trampoline!"
"Sure Dad, that sounds great. I'll get it out. I'm getting a snack now if that's ok. Do you want anything?"
"You're a sweet girl Kat," said her mother. "We're fine. You girls have fun, don't worry about us. And honey, don't worry about us annoying you, we'll give you some privacy."

Now Katie really was worried. She knew Lauren would never have said anything about her being a slave or about what they had done, and she knew her parents could not possibly be talking about anything sexual but there was a small niggling feeling at the back of her brain that kept whispering that they knew, that Lauren had accomplished the impossible and somehow gotten them onside with their daughter being the slave of another girl.

What could it have been? The lure of ensuring Katie got good grades? That her behaviour would improve and she would be a good respectful girl who helped with chores and applied herself? She knew she was being stupid. She tried to shake it off, but as she collected the food for Lauren it stayed with her, persistent and annoying.

"Miss? I have-"
"Kitty, hush. You will wait until you are acknowledged. A slave does not force her presence on anyone, especially not her owner."

Katie stood contritely, the glass of milk in one hand, a small white plate with a few small squares of chocolate placed in the middle. She didn't hold out any hope of actually getting to taste any of the chocolate, especially not after being chastised for her poor behaviour. But how was she supposed to know all this stuff? She seemed to be a constant disappointment.

"Open."

Katie dutifully opened her mouth, stretching her jaws wider as Lauren pushed something large and round between past her teeth. Katie gagged on the intruder trying to force it out of her mouth with her tongue. She wanted the rubber ball out of her mouth, the plastic taste not something she was particularly fond of.

"Kitty what were you told? A slave accepts whatever her owner gives to her. You open your mouth and take what you are given. That goes for any of your holes Kitty," instructed Lauren, fastening the strap tightly behind the bewildered teen's head. "A slave who does not know when to speak, loses the privilege of speech. What you have is a ballgag. I hope it will help you to learn this lesson. Milk here, snack there. Do you use anything other than your dildo to orgasm?"

Katie was taken offguard by the abrupt change in topic, but she nodded obediently. The gag in her mouth felt strange and uncomfortable, her jaws already beginning to ache from the unnatural position.

"Get it."

Katie kneeled down, removed the drawer from the desk revealing her secret hiding place to Lauren. She retrieved the small bullet vibrator and presented it to her owner as she had been taught.

"Kitty you sneaky little slut. Do you have any more secrets?"

Katie shook her head gently from side to side, frustrated by the presence of the gag. If she knew she couldn't speak, why was she being asked questions? Well you answered them didn't you? That was logic with which she could not argue it was just that she hated the gag in her mouth. It made her feel so helpless, even though she could reach up and remove it at any time.

"Kitty your Mom tells me that you like to dance, is that right?"
Katie nodded apprehensively.
"Dance for me Kitty. I have deleted all the crap stuff from your ipod so choose a song and let that sex kitten out to play."

Katie looked at Lauren, pleading with her eyes for the gag to be removed. She did like dancing and often danced in her bedroom, working out routines to music, though she had never dared dance for anyone else. Well there was that time online, her first time using the site that put her in this predicament.

She didn't know if she could dance with the gag in, of course it wouldn't stop her body from moving but it made her feel uncomfortable and she didn't know if she could feel the music and put on a good show. She had been failing in so many things that she didn't want to be a disappointment yet again.

Lauren jumped on the bed and settled in to watch the performance. The music started to fill the room. It was an old pop track, but one that had been popular in its day. Katie stood uncertain of what to do at first. She looked to Lauren and the unhappy frown that she saw on her owner's face almost made her heart stop. The desolate teen immediately burst into action, desperate to change Lauren's expression. She knew the song, loved it, and remembered the routine she had worked out, her body slipping into the movements like a hand into an old glove.

She danced for Lauren, undulating and twisting her body, using the curves that she had been blessed with. Her hips gyrated slowly as she twisted her body languidly. She lost her way a little as the gag broke her concentration. She was mouthing the words along with the song and the large obstruction in her mouth made it impossible to do.

Lauren was impressed. The slut could dance, who would have known? Little Kitty was just full of surprises. It just went to prove the age-old adage, you really couldn't judge a book by its cover. She could see the discomfort the gag caused, especially as a thick string of drool slid down to dangle from her chin. With a choreographed swish of her body, the long sticky saliva strand flicked up onto her face. Lauren giggled as Katie cringed but did not miss a step.

When the song ended, Katie was breathless. She stood at attention, her chest heaving beneath the pretty pink top, embarrassed at having to perform for another girl, yet secretly hoping her performance had not been found wanting. The panting teen waited patiently as Lauren got up from the bed and came to her.

"You dance beautifully Kitty. If ever there was proof you were a slut, you just displayed it. When you perform like that for your owner you are to finish each time with a dainty curtsey. This let's your owner know that it was a slave performing for her owner, not just a slut indulging herself."

Katie looked at the ground as she did a little curtsey for her owner. You curtseyed when you met the queen, not when you danced like a slut for a 16 year old girl. But what did she know, Lauren had commanded it and she must comply.

"Let's have this off shall we, that deserved a kiss." Lauren turned Katie around, with a gentle push on her shoulders, and unstrapped the gag. "Clean Kitty."

Katie looked at the black ball of the gag that Lauren held in front of her face. It glistened with her saliva, thick frothy strings hanging from the bottom of the rubber sphere. Katie balked at the demeaning order but she pushed out her tongue and licked the gag clean, hating the feel of the ropey spit as it slid around her mouth. It was only spit she tried to tell herself but it did not make the degradation any easier to accept.

"My, my Kitty. It seems your pussy isn't the only one of your holes that gets crazy-wet."

Katie blushed, sure that Lauren thought that was a compliment, though Katie felt only shame. The flustered teen had little time to think about it, as Lauren's mouth closed over hers. For the first time, the kiss was not brief. Lauren had decided it was time to explore a little more of her slave and she launched into a sensual, erotic embrace that aroused both young girls.

Soft, moist tongues, slid over and around each other in a fierce, lusty battle. Lauren reached out and pulled Katie closer, one hand clamped firmly on the back of Katie's neck. Lauren felt her slave come alive under her amorous attentions. Without conscious thought Katie's hands found Lauren's waist, tenderly massaging the warm bare flesh of her waist.

Lauren could feel the juices flowing between her legs, so she knew Katie would be soaked, no doubt her cream oozing through the black bush that hid her intimate cleft. When Lauren finally pushed her away, Katie held on to the taller girl's waist and eased herself forward, unwilling for the kiss to end. Lauren was insistent and Katie did not press her luck a second time.

"Do you have something to say now Kitty?
"Yes Miss," Katie began, breathless. "I am very sorry for speaking out of turn. I promise to be better and Miss thank you so much for, um... kissing me," Katie ended lamely. She had started out so well, why had she added that at the end? It was a dumb thing to say. She had been forced to kiss Lauren, it was for Lauren's pleasure not hers. She was property, used by her owner as she saw fit. She was not doing her any favours, especially not by turning her into some lesbian slut!

"It was my pleasure Kitty, though not as much as you I guess. What I meant was, what about the sleeping arrangements. You were ordered to find out."
"Yes Miss, sorry Miss," Katie said, admonishing herself for her stupidity. She had babbled on about being disobedient and kissing when all Lauren wanted to know was what she had been told to find out. "We can have the camping mattress that we will have to blow up, it's an air mattress."
"Different from those water mattresses you blow up hey Kitty," Lauren laughed. "And?"
"Miss I said that I would get it."
"Do so. One minute Kitty, you have wasted too much time tonight."

Katie ran from the room, frantic at the short time she had been given. She thought she knew where the mattress was, but she wasn't sure. She couldn't afford to waste any time. She flew down the stairs and into the garage her skirt flying up, flashing her pantyless ass. It was in the cupboard at the back wasn&#8217;t it?. Please, please, yes! Katie grabbed the mattress and the pump and ran back upstairs as fast as she could.

Was she back in time? Katie stood in the centre of the room, this time waiting to be acknowledged. Lauren was going through the drawers of her desk and it took her a few minutes to turn toward the waiting teen.

"Put it by the door. Bathroom." Katie did as she was told, placing the mattress and pump by the door and moving back out onto the landing and into the bathroom, feeling Lauren marching close behind her. "Pee Kitty."

Katie sat on the toilet, the heat of her humiliation burning her cheeks. Not only did she have to ask permission to use the toilet but now she was being ordered to relieve herself like a dog. She did need to go but that didn't make her feel any better. She had never felt smaller than when she heard the yellow liquid splash into the bowl, urine that she had been ordered to release.

"Now wait for me in your room. Naked and kneeling."

Katie left the bathroom, fear etched across her pretty face. She could not lock the door, Lauren would need to get in. Her mother may have said they wouldn't be bothered but since when could you trust parents? She had to have a plan. What she came up with was feeble at best, but it was all she could manage. As she removed her skirt and top she folded them and placed each one on the very edge of the bed, within reach. If someone came in she could quickly scramble to her clothes and pretend she was just changing. How she would explain not wearing panties or a bra or the fact that she was changing into the same clothes she had been wearing she didn't know.

The young girl had a feeling that the entire night had simply been a warmup for what was to come. Some necessary housekeeping issues that Lauren wanted seen to before the real plans could be play out. Katie shivered at the thought of what was to come, though she wasn&#8217;t quite sure if it was from fear or anticipation. She knew which she would rather it be, but she felt equally certain that the truth behind that shiver was something she did not want to face.









Chapter&nbsp; 5. A Taste of Oblivion

The door opened and Katie prepared to spring. She relaxed when Lauren came through the door, unable to hide the happy relief she felt at seeing the girl.

"Attention. Put your wrists together Kitty, palms facing each other. Kitty wants to please?"
"Yes Miss, Kitty wants to please."
"What does an owner find most pleasing in a slave Kitty?"
"Um," Katie stalled, needing time to think. She sensed this was an important question that she needed to get right. "Um obedience Miss." Luckily she had been able to curb her tendency to turn her answers into questions, though she had once again just been about to.
"Good girl Kitty."

A tiny smile twitched at the corners of Katie's mouth. She was ashamed of her response and it quickly disappeared. She knew Lauren well enough by now to know this was leading somewhere. Her answer was the feel of rope at her wrists, tightly woven and smooth. Katie squirmed as the rope was pulled tighter and looped around the soft skin of her wrists, time and again. Lauren stepped away leaving the ends of the rope trail down to tickle Katie's thighs.

"On your stomach Kitty."

Katie sank dutifully to her knees, not quite sure what was happening. Her hands had been tied behind her back, actually tied, with rope. She wriggled her hands but there was very little movement and the rope dug in to the soft skin of her wrists. What was Lauren doing? She couldn't tie her up in her own house, in her own room. When she was naked, or modeling her new wardrobe, it had been a simple matter of throwing some extra clothes on if they were interrupted. But now?

She eased her body onto the carpet, turning onto her left hip before easing herself down to the floor. As she lay on her stomach, trembling with uncertainty, she thought about how much harder things were without the use of your hands. She shouldn't be doing this, she knew she should have told Lauren it was too dangerous, that she had to stop. She did nothing. She said nothing. She had simply obeyed and now her hands were trapped behind her back.

A rope was looped around her ankles and tied tightly as the young girl lay quietly on the floor, submitting to the bondage. With each new loop and each tightening of the smooth ropes against her skin she felt her life slipping away. She had felt it before, stronger in some moments, weaker in others, but now it consumed her. She was the property of another, a toy for them to play with as they saw fit.

Her ankles were soon secured as tightly as her wrists. It felt different to her hands and when she snuck a peek back down her body she saw that her feet had been crossed at the ankles before being tied. The rope had been looped around her ankles covering them in a thick band of twisted black cord.

Katie gasped as her hands were pulled sharply behind her, the first sound she had made since the rope slipped around her wrist. She had been a silent participant in her bondage but not a willing one. Her back arched as her wrists were pulled back and her legs were pulled forward until they almost touched.

Her breasts rose off the ground as she arched her body, trying to escape the pressure, but unwittingly assisting Lauren in securing her body.&nbsp; Katie moaned as her legs were bent further, her arms stretched a little more. When Lauren had finished the hogtie, Katie was aching in a hundred different places. Her body was not made for this. She rested her forehead on the ground but discovered this only increased the pressure on her body.

Small tears welled as she struggled to keep her head off the ground. She could only manage it for a short time before surrendering to the strain and lowering her head once again to the floor, starting the whole frustrating process anew.

"Oh Kitty you are so gorgeous, " said Lauren as she knelt before the struggling teen. She shuffled her body in closer until her body was resting against that of the young, bound girl. "Let me help you."

Lauren lifted Katie's head by her pigtails and settled her slave's face in her lap. She could feel Katie's firm breasts squashed against her knees, the stiff nipples creating twin points of pressure she could sense even through the pants she wore. Lauren brushed the hair back from her face, the tender motion confusing Katie even further. There was nothing she could do. She leaned into her owner receiving her attention gratefully.

Even as she did so, the tears intensified. She had felt helpless before, small and vulnerable and without control. It was not until now that she knew real helplessness. She couldn't move. She couldn't protect herself. Her body, her life, was no longer hers. The tears fell as the sensations dominated and devoured all others. She was nothing.

"Kitty, you are lazy, slovenly and you aren't the smartest of girls. These things you don't deny?"
"No Miss," Katie sobbed into her owner's lap, her tears marking the dark material with growing circles of moisture.
"But you have served me well, I must admit. A few hiccups but your training is only beginning so that is to be expected. When a slave pleases her owner, she can sometimes be rewarded. Would you like to be rewarded Kitty?"
"If it is your wish Miss," Katie replied demurely, still confused by the overwhleming sensations the restraints were causing in her body and mind. She couldn't understand what was happening. She wasn't in any real danger, was she? And yet being tied like this was having a profound effect on her. She couldn't seem to calm her whirling emotions and that frightened her as much as the intense vulnerability she felt each time she tried to move.

"I think my little Kitty has deserved a reward. What do you think would be the most fitting reward for a slut like you Kitty? Apart from the chance to serve your owner, that is a given."
"Um."

What could she say? To be untied? She wanted that so badly. Every moment she felt the ropes tight against her skin she was on the verge of panic. Struggling would get her nowhere. The ropes were uncomfortably tight, though the rope was smooth against her skin, even where it dug almost painfully into her flesh.

"Well Kitty if you don't know then I am not sure you should be rewarded," Lauren teased, caressing the sides of the bound girl's breasts.
"Um," Katie said hesitantly. She had to think of something fast. She was disappointing her owner again. Lauren was laughing now, but Katie knew that could turn quickly and if it did, talk of reward could turn to talk of punishment. A fitting reward? A slut? It was almost as if a lightbulb pinged on above her head. She really wasn't the smartest of girls.

"Um, to come Miss."
"Kitty it may be a reward but a slave still asks for her rewards," Lauren said, pinching the firm meat of Katie's flattened breast.
"May I come please Miss."
"Kitty a slave always asks permission to come. You will never come without permission do you understand?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, sniffling back further tears.
"When you are ready to come, you request permission. Not five minutes before, not even one minute before. You request permission to come and do not do so until permission has been granted."
"Yes Miss."
"You're having trouble keeping your head up aren't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," the straining teen admitted, hoping that her plight would been lessened at last.
"Ok then," Lauren said as she slid out from underneath the pretty teen, allowing her head to rest gently against the carpeted floor. Katie could feel the smirk in Lauren's voice and a tiny shiver ran through her naked body.

Moments later her head was pulled slowly but inexorably backwards. Lauren had collected her pigtails and wound them into one thick strand. Seconds later a rope was tied around her hair, fixing her head high off the floor. The strain in her neck was instantly uncomfortable but she no longer had any trouble keeping her head off the ground.

Katie was unable to stop fresh tears rolling down her cheeks. She hated crying but she did not even have control of that. She was completely at Lauren's mercy, her body had been taken from her. She knew that she had signed it away, along with everything she was, but it was not until this moment that she really knew what that meant. What it meant to be a slave. It had never really been a game, not for Lauren. She had been stupid ever to think that. If it was not a game for Lauren, then it was not a game for her. Property was defined only by its owner. Shit, she was now beginning to sound like Lauren as well.

That was the thought that held her when she felt the first warm touch between her legs. Lauren's hands were on her thighs, their warm, insistent pressure pushing her legs apart.

"Oh Kitty," Lauren gasped, giggling as she looked thicket that sprouted between the teen's legs. The thick bush hid the silken folds of Katie's sex, the cleft from which oozed a river of cream. "You are so fucking wet Kitty.'

Katie would have hung her head in shame if she could. She knew her sex had moistened. Her arousal had begun with a kiss. She had been unable to control it and had soon surrendered, putting aside her foolish protestations. She yelped when Lauren slid two fingers across her slit, collecting the thick white cream.

Katie's mouth was already open and gasping as Lauren pushed her fingers inside. The taut teen had glimpsed the large blob of cream that coated the tips of the two fingers and she tasted it seconds later. The familiar musky scent, that hint of sourness, flushed her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the intruder as if it had a mind of its own.

"Kitty, you little slut," Lauren laughed as tears dripped from the suckling girl's chin. "When was the last time you had an orgasm?"
"Um," mumbled Katie around her owner's fingers. "Sunday Miss."
"How long do you usually leave between orgasms?"
"Miss, almost everyday Miss."
"Almost Kitty? Such a little slut."

Katie didn't want to say that sometimes she mastu-, played with her pussy more than once a day. Was that not normal? Why the fuck was she even thinking about that now? It was all this talk that she was a slut? Was she? Was her sexual appetite more than normal? Her pussy wasn't normal apparently, not from the way Lauren talked about it. Her owner seemed to know a lot more about this than she did.

Without warning, the pussy that she was so focused on, was penetrated. With one swift motion, half of her dildo was inside her. Katie groaned with a mixture of pain and pleasure. Her sex was slick and steamy and the dildo slid past her plump lips with almost no resistance but she had not been ready for the speed or depth to which the hard glass dildo had been thrust into her.

It was silly to think so but she felt as if the breath had been pushed out of her and she struggled to breathe in, deep breaths through her open mouth. Once the motion had begun, Lauren did not stop, thrusting the dildo in and out of the hogtied teen. She could offer no resistance even if she had been so inclined. Katie's body was responding to the fucking in ways that could not be denied.

With each thrust the dildo entered a little more deeply and her pussy opened to accomodate. Katie realised that the sound she could hear was the soft squelching sound of the dildo slipping through the copious creamy secretions she was producing. Her cheeks, flushed with arousal, could not burn any hotter as, even through the haze of ecstasy that had fallen over her, she wondered if the sound of her pussy being violated could be heard outside the room.

She had not wanted this to happen. Even as Lauren lectured her on what a slave must do for an orgasm she had known that it would not matter, she would not come. She had made a decision, Lauren would not make her come. Only five minutes later and the foolish vow she had made was in danger of being broken. She really had no choice, she...

Holy Fuck! Katie's world exploded as Lauren placed the small bullet vibrator against her hard clit. The dildo continued to saw in and out of her wet sex, its entire length coated in the slimy cream that she produced. Katie's body tensed and jerked in her bonds, she could not control herself. Each fresh wave of pleasure that crashed over her left her gasping for air as her struggles pulled the ropes tighter.

Katie could feel the strain on her body, the ache in her shoulders and thighs, the tension in her neck, but the overwhelming sensations from her pussy pushed all else into the background. She was panting uncontrollably, grunting in a sharp primal staccato.

"May I come please Miss," she whispered as the vibrator was pressed into the base of her clit.
"What? I can't hear you Kitty?" Lauren replied breathlessly, her own arousal and her efforts to pleasure her slave making her breathing shallow and ragged.
"May I... fuck, Miss may I... oh may I come please Miss."

Katie was almost past the point of being able to speak. Her cunt was pulsing uncontrollably, the overwhelming sensations almost completely subduing the other parts of her brain. Her arms and legs quivered uncontrollably, when they weren't stretched against the tight rope bonds that held her in place.

"Yes Kitty, come for me my little slut."

Katie needed nothing more. Every muscle in her body convulsed as her orgasm burst upon her. She couldn't move. She couldn't breath. She couldn't think. Her entire world had shattered into tiny pieces, each one a shard of vibrating ecstasy that smothered her senses. Every nerve ending felt as if it was on fire, the blaze in her pussy consuming her, burning her flesh away, leaving nothing but a smouldering pile of sizzling cuntcream.

Lauren gasped as the bound girl squirmed and shuddered, her own arousal making her movements jagged and slow. And then it all stopped. Katie went limp, the small delicate squeaks that had filled the room had ended. Lauren looked at her girl, bewildered.

She reacted quickly, untying the rope that bound her hair to the hogtie. She gently eased Katie's head to the floor before leaning in to check on the silent teen. Katie was breathing, slowly, her eyes were closed and her face was peaceful. She had blacked out, Lauren realised. The little slut had actually fainted from the power of the orgasm.

She had not come across this in her reading and she was unsure what she should do. Wake the little slut up or let it take it's natural course. She looked so pretty and serene that Lauren decided to see how it played out. She didn't seem to be in any danger and the idea excited her. Kitty was so highly wound, so much the natural slut that she could not even handle her own orgasms.

Lauren&#8217;s impatience got the better of her and the gentle caressing of her breast intensified until she pinched the unconscious girl's left nipple cruelly. Katie came to, gasping and panting exhaustedly. The explosive climax that had wracked her body surged across her senses. It's power was muted but it was enough to send small aftershocks of a second orgasm rippling through her tightly bound body.

She was incapable of speech. Small, high-pitched yips escaped her lips as she panted frantically. She had no recollection of what had happened. Her mind was still fuzzy though she registered that Lauren was now kneeling by her face and the dildo was no longer inside her. Without thought she lamented the loss of the glass intruder wanting desperately for this pleasure to continue forever.

"My, my, Kitty. It's official. Cutest. Slut. In. The. World."

Katie didn't know what Lauren was saying, the words barely registering in her hazy brain. She knew she was tied up. The pain in her muscles had come rushing back into her body as the waves of pleasure slowly receded. She was tied, naked on her floor. Reality crashed upon her. She had just had an orgasm. She had just been forced to have an orgasm. She had asked, but that changed nothing, she had been forced, her body had responded but she had no choice.

"Kitty have you ever fainted after you have come?"
"Uh, wha? Uh no Miss," Katie replied dazedly, her brain still not working properly, thoughts of the tight, slick feeling in her pussy pushing all other thoughts aside.
"No I don't suppose you would have. Now Kitty, do have something to say?"
"Yes Miss, thank you for making me come Miss."
"No Kitty, I did not make you come. I allowed you to come. Nobody made you. That was all Kitty. Now try again."
"Thank you for allowing me to come Miss," Katie replied, the frustration at being corrected sneaking through in her exhausted state.
"Kitty you have just had the best orgasm in your entire, miserable life and you thank me like that? Well you won't be having another anytime soon, I can guarantee you that. Ungrateful little bitch."
"No Miss, sorry Miss. Thank you so much for allowing me to come."
"Shutup Kitty. Do you know why I allowed you to come?"
"No Miss."
"No, a selfish little slut like you wouldn't. You came because I wanted you to. It pleased me to see you squirm like a little slut. You came for me Kitty. Any pleasure, or any pain, that a slave experiences is because her owner wishes it."

Lauren grabbed the rope tied to her pigtails and pulled her head back, securing it tightly, lifting Katie's head off the floor and causing the young girl to gasp in discomfort. Tears rolled down her pretty face as the emotional rollercoaster to which she had been strapped since Monday, took her into the lowest trough she had experienced. She was despondent and felt completely lost. She had gone from the ultimate of highs to the most terrifying of lows in the space of a few seconds and it had all been her fault.

Lauren had allowed her to come, allowed her to feel like she had never felt in her life before, the afterglow of which was still causing her to catch her breath from time to time. And what had she done? Instead of thanking her, showing some gratitude, she got cranky at being corrected. Lauren was right to be angry with her. Katie could not see what Lauren was doing but she could hear her typing. The strict hogtie would not even let her turn her head and she could not even see her owner in the blurry periphery of her vision.

"Well Kitty it is apparently uncommon but it seems that some sluts do indeed black out after intense orgasms. What do you think about that?"
"Um I don't know Miss." She didn't remember blacking out.
"Well what do you think it says about you hmmm?"
"Um that I am a slut Miss."
"Correct Kitty, but we both knew it already. But the kind of slut, well now. It has never happened to you before. Your cunt doesn't usually get as wet as that either does it?"
"No Miss," Katie had to agree, though she did so with some reluctance.
"I think you are responding to your new status Kitty. Being a slave suits you. It is what you were born for. Aren't you lucky I found you now?"
"Yes Miss, thank you Miss."

Katie found it odd having a conversation with someone she could not see, trussed up on the floor naked as the day she was born. Her pussy still pulsed every now and then, and her clit was so hard it was painful, but the aches in her back and legs and shoulders were what concerned her.

The naked teen continued to weep but they were no longer tears of despair and disappointment. The pain in her body was growing and the frustration she felt in her bondage was beginning to consume her thoughts once more. Being unable to move, to stretch her tired limbs was getting to her. She was used to relaxing, stretching languidly for a long time after she came, gently caressing her breasts and belly, luxuriating in the soft glow of pleasure that infused her body like a golden light. Now she was tied up like a prize pig, control of her body taken from her. She felt the loss deeply.

"Kitty I am very disappointed in your behaviour. You must be punished. You know that don't you?"
"Yes Miss, I am very sorry Miss. I deserve to be punished."
"You will have a chance to affect the type and severity of your punishment Kitty. If you are a good girl... well, we shall see."
"Yes Miss, thank you Miss. I promise to be good," Katie pleaded.
"Well then."

The pillows off her bed were thrown onto the floor in front of her. Katie stared at them in confusion. Was she going to be allowed out of this infernal rope and allowed to stretch on the floor. She heard music start behind her, a weird music that seemed all spacey guitars mixed with sounds like blowing of wind. Her confusion increased until Lauren stepped in front of her.

Katie watched, her eyebrows raised high to see off the floor, as Lauren slipped out of her tight black yoga pants in one swift downward motion. The small black thong that Lauren wore quickly followed and Katie drank in the smooth, toned legs of her owner.

Lauren eased herself to the floor, her movements lithe and liquid, reminding Katie of the graceful movements of a cat. Lauren lay back on the pillows and spread her legs, placing one on either side of the bound girl. Katie could not help but stare at the shaved pussy only inches from her face. She could smell Lauren's arousal and see the slick moisture coating the tight pink slit.

As Lauren's legs spread, her pussy opened but a little, the tight, wet hole, displaying the promise of what was to come. Her owner's juice was clear and viscous. She could see a thin string bridging the dark red hole, joining each slim lip with the sticky evidence of her desire.

"Come Kitty."

Katie continued to stare at the tight slit between her owner's legs. It smelled nothing like her own pussy, somehow crisper and less heavy. She wondered what it would taste like. She could see Lauren's tight pink asshole clenched beneath the slick opening of her pussy and stared as it clenched, making her owner's pussy appear as if it was beckoning to her.

Her face was still inches away from her goal but how was she to get there. Lauren lay back on her pillows and watched her, waiting. Katie had promised to be a good girl. She knew what was required of her. She knew this was her chance to please her owner. She had thought about eating pussy as every girl did, wondering what it would be like, how it would taste and feel beneath her tongue and lips. But faced with the reality it was much more frightening.

She wanted to, she knew it. Denying it would be stupid and she was done with being stupid. She wanted to eat Lauren's pussy to make her feel good, to make up for her poor behaviour, to show her she could be good. But most of all she desired it. Her own sex twitched and tightened at the thought.

She had to move. Lauren would start getting angry and question her commitment. Not five minutes ago she had promised to be good. A promise was only words. Katie was good at giving them but bad at keeping them. She knew she would have to improve. Lauren would not stand for it. She squirmed in her bonds, trying desperately to move forward, achieving little more than causing the ache in her body to intensify. How was she even supposed to do this? She couldn't move! Tears of frustration welled in her eyes as she tried to inch forward, her owner's wet pussy no closer for all her efforts.

Side to side you dumb bitch, a voice came out of nowhere. She tried not to think about it, how she was demeaning herself now. She didn't care right now, as she rocked her body from side to side she was able to move forward a fraction of an inch at a time. It was good advice. She was gasping and sweaty by the time she reached Lauren's glistening slit.

"Hmmm, that isn't going to work is it Kitty," mused Lauren as she realised that Katie&#8217;s head was a little too high off the ground. Her slave was the one who needed to do the work here, not her. She leaned forward, pressing her belly into Katie's face and untied the rope that held her head back at such a cruel angle.The relief as the tension in her neck eased caused Katie to cry out in anguish. When Lauren lay back and released her, Katie's head flopped into her owner's lap, her mouth falling directly over Lauren's moist sex. Her head was violently wrenched backwards and her left cheek stung at the sharp impact of the slap.

"Have some respect bitch. Each slave worships her owner's body and where is the seat of that worship Kitty?"
"The pussy Miss."
"Right first time slut. Now show me that you understand."

Katie eased her head onto the waiting pussy. She didn't really know what to do. She had never done this before, never really thought about it past the casual musings of what it would be like. What was she supposed to do? What if she was bad?

Her tongue pushed tentatively past her lips and snaked towards the smooth lips. She could smell her owner keenly. The young girl's pussy clenched as her tongue made contact sliding up the slick silken lips. She began lapping at Lauren's pussy, her tongue sliding between the tight lips caressing the soft pink folds, covering the cunt with her own warm hole.

She heard Lauren respond, a light, whispered gasp. Katie took heart from the reaction and increased the tempo, her tongue flicking into the opening of her owner's cunt. Her nose bumped Lauren's clit and the moan that resulted was like a balm to Katie's aching muscles. The discomfort was still there but her world was narrowing: her mouth on her owner's pussy was all that mattered.

She lifted her face a little higher and flicked her tongue across the hard bud of Lauren's clit. Quick, sideways motions caused faster, deeper moans of pleasure. Katie closed her mouth over the tender pink hood and the sensitive button beneath and suckled like a babe at the teat. Lauren thrashed beneath her as Katie intensified her attentions. It was not long before Lauren reached forward, grabbed Katie's pigtails and wrenched her head forward, mashing her face into her pussy. Katie's tongue was fully extended, dipping into the sensitive pink folds of her vagina, tasting her deeply.

Lauren came violently, thrusting her hips forward and forcing Katie's head down, sealing her face against her pulsing sex. Katie's nose was buried against Lauren's hard clit, each attempt at a breath driving Lauren wild with the subtle vibrations. As her climax crested she thrust her hips, fucking Katie's face violently.

The tightly bound teen began to fight for air. She tried pulling her head away but Lauren was too strong. Her mouth was filled with wet, pulsing cunt. Her body tensed and writhed within its bonds but she was unable to break away. She breathed in, inhaling the scent of Lauren's orgasm but getting precious little air. Her vision began to narrow, and then she was free.

Katie gasped in great lungfuls of air, ignoring the pain of each deep breath as it expanded her lungs and caused her body to arch cruelly in the hogtie. She looked up at Lauren, her head resting on her left side. The other girl still wore the small midriff-baring top but her nipples were threatening to break through the tight-fitting fabric. Her bare pussy was more open than before, the entire area between her legs glistening under the soft lights above.

"Good Kitty, good girl," Lauren gasped. "Clean me up Kitty. There's a good girl."

Katie ignored the pain in her body and the throbbing between her own legs and lifted her head from the ground and reached forward with her tongue. Lauren giggled as Katie's tongue made contact with the puffy lips of her sex. Katie almost stopped but remembered her lessons on obedience. She didn't know why her owner was giggling. Was she doing something wrong?

"Oh Kitty," Lauren giggled breathlessly. "Clean everywhere, nice and clean Kitty. A slave never leaves a mess."

Lauren was laughing almost uncontrollably now and rested a hand on Katie's head to push her away, but each time her tongue lost contact with the sensitive flesh between her owner's legs, Lauren pulled her back to continue her task.

"You girls ok for everything?"

Katie froze, her tongue resting lightly along the crease between Lauren's pussy and her left leg. Holy fuck. Holy fucking hell. She was dead. They both were. Her dad was outside her door. It was locked, but so what. How long had he been there? Could he smell the miasma of sex that exuded from two teenage pussies?

Katie could feel the sticky residue of her arousal oozing from her sex, clinging to the tight mat of black curls, drying on her taut thighs. Her face was no less coated with Lauren's sexual secretions from nose to chin. What if he wanted to come in?

"No one told you to stop Kitty," hissed Lauren. "Answer your father Kitty."
"No thanks Dad, everything's fine."

Lauren continued giggling when Katie immediately went back to licking the tender flesh of her owner's sex. "Thanks Greg," she laughed, we have everything we need." Lauren tapped the other side of her sex with a finger and Katie obediently shifted her focus to clean the indicated spot.

"Ok then, your Mother and I are off to bed, just try and keep the music low ok."
"Ok Dad," Katie responded, her mouth relinquishing contact with Lauren's pussy for only as long as it took to speak the words. Lauren's giggling was mercifully dissipating as Katie dutifully continued to clean her juices from her body.

"Night then."
"Night Dad."
"Night Greg."

Katie could not hear her father leave, over the music in the background, Lauren's soft, occasional laughter and the low slurping noise she made as she cleaned her owner's pussy with her tongue.

"Ok Kitty, you have enjoyed yourself enough. What did you think of my pussy Kitty?"
"I loved it Miss," Katie blurted out without thinking. It was a question that she was bound to fuck up if she thought about it for too long. She didn't want to anger Lauren, not now. Was it a truthful answer? It was truthful as only an instinctive answer could be. She really had enjoyed it.
"Loved it? Oh Kitty you are adorable. We had better get your cunt clean huh."

Lauren stood up slowly, moving over the top of the bound girl allowing Kitty one last look at the saliva slick pussy she had pleasured. So that was what it was like to lick a pussy. Well she did more than lick but she didn't quite know the terminology for what she had done. A wave of shame suddenly overcame her.

You don&#8217;t remember blacking out do you Kitty, Lauren asked as she deftly untied the ropes that bound the young girl into the uncomfortable hogtie.

No Miss, Katie replied, still flustered by the concept. She was grateful that Lauren was finally releasing her from the painful bondage but all she could think of was what had happened when her body had reached the crest of that wave of ecstasy that Lauren forced her upon. She remembered the feeling. How could she forget? She still felt the occasional pulse deep inside her sex, a small flush of heat that spread throughout her belly. She remembered coming, the overwhelming sensations, the complete loss of control, but there were no gaps. As she convulsed in the throes of her climax, it was as if her body was not her own. She had never felt like that before. Was it the ropes that bound her so tightly and so uncomfortably, restricting her movement? Was it the sheer power of the orgasm, the fact that it was caused by another person? Or was it, as Lauren said, due to her new status as a slave? But she definitely did not remember blacking out. Does anyone?

You were so cute Kitty. You were so peaceful but your pussy still throbbed, oozing out cream. Just gorgeous. You can put your legs down Kitty.

Katie eased her legs to the floor. She heard the tiny crack as her knees straightened and for some unknown reason she blushed. Her wrists and ankles were quickly unbound. Katie lay exhausted on the floor, her arms flopped at her sides and her legs splayed out behind her. It felt as if the blood was flowing through her body for the first time in hours and she could feel every beat of her heart pushing the red liquid through her veins. Lauren traced the rope marks at her wrists and ankles, delighting in the indented patterns the tight restraints had left. She could feel the individual weave of each loop and a smile lit up her face as Katie quivered under her touch.

Katie clenched her hands slowly and wiggled her feet to help get some sensation back. She wasn&#8217;t sure if she should be just lying here on the floor but Lauren had said nothing, in fact she was kneeling beside her exploring her body with that gentle, loving touch. She could lie like this forever, she didn&#8217;t want to do anything wrong. She knew how quickly her owner could turn and she wanted to stay like this, contented, basking in the attention of another girl. She felt Lauren&#8217;s fingers slide through the small pool of sweat in the small of her back, running her slick fingers in tiny circles around the two small dimples above her buttocks.

The young girl groaned when she felt the warm, supple hands of her owner being to knead the knotted muscles in her shoulders and back. Katie lay there, absorbing the attention. Lauren&#8217;s forceful touch was uncomfortable, her insistent fingers sending shooting pains through her body, but it was a good pain. Katie enjoyed the feeling, never having had a massage before, and never needing one more than now. Before Lauren&#8217;s strong fingers reached the small of her back, Katie could feel her body stirring under the attention. She could sense the moistness in her sex and the growing warmth between her legs was doing as much to melt away the aches in her muscles as Lauren&#8217;s talented fingers.

Okie doke Kitty, let&#8217;s get that pussy cleaned up. Stand at attention and you can use your fingers to scrape as much of that cunt slime as you can.

Katie groaned as she gingerly pushed herself upright. She felt lightheaded and swayed a little as kaleidoscopic patterns of yellow and orange and red burst in her vision. Katie stood as straight as she could, her trembling knees threatening to buckle at any moment. It took her a few moments before she could orientate herself, but the moment her vision cleared and she saw the expectant, somewhat disapproving look on Lauren's face, her hand shot between her legs.

The naked young girl cupped her hand and scraped her curled fingers across her plump pussy. Her hand came away smeared in slime, white and clumpy. She knew what she had to do, and she had tasted herself many times, but there was something different about this time. Lauren was watching her, fully clothed once again, and the wrongness of what she was doing haunted her.

She did not want to clean her fingers but her hand continued to her mouth, her tongue came out to meet it and obediently licked the juice from her pussy from her fingers. She splayed them out, licking the sticky white strings that clung between her fingers like a wanton web spun by some sensual spider. Katie could look at Lauren no longer, her eyes downcast as she felt filthy and disgusting as she continued to taste her sex, cleaning the evidence of her own body's uncontrolled arousal.

As she cleaned her right hand, her left slid dutifully across her sex, removing any last remnants of her cream, and a few beads of something a little fresher. She swapped her clean right hand for her sloppy left, her attentive tongue not missing a beat.

"Enough slut. Attention," Lauren commanded before leaving the room.

Katie waited patiently for Lauren to return. She felt vulnerable and always somehow inadequate in Lauren's presence but she felt even more vulnerable when she was not with her. The door behind her was closed, she had heard it shut, but it was not locked. She could not even turn around, or shift her hands from behind her back as she feared Lauren's wrath if she did so.

When Lauren came back into the room she draped a cool, damp washcloth over Katie's shoulder. "You have not finished cleaning Kitty. I worked up a sweat on that cunt of yours."

Katie took the washcloth and immediately set to cleaning her owner's body. Lauren was now as naked as her property, her toned body shining under the thin sheen of sweat. Lauren had the kind of body that both boys and girls dreamed of. Her breasts were much smaller than Katie's but they just seemed perfect to her.

She had a petite, almost waifish frame and that, coupled with her athleticism and those haunting blue eyes made Katie think of some magical creature, she would have almost believed it if Lauren sprouted thin gossamer like wings and floated around the room. Katie wiped every inch of her, performing the duties expected of her. This wasn't so bad she thought, as she slid the damp cloth across Lauren's slim hips.

"Now clean yourself Kitty. Pay special attention to that fat cunt of yours," said Lauren as she dressed again.

Katie obeyed swiftly, the hint of menace in Lauren's voice spurring her on. She wondered if she had done something wrong. She didn't like it when Lauren referred to her vagina in that way. When she said pussy it felt naughty and cute, and there was always a hint of a smile in her words. Cunt was a harsh word and Katie could not help feeling filthy and bad, as if she had misbehaved.

"Get dressed Kitty and come to the bathroom. Bring that cute black thong with the pink edging, " Lauren ordered as she sauntered from the room.

Katie scrambled into her skirt and top and grabbed the underwear Lauren mentioned. When she reached the bathroom she found the other girl already brushing her teeth at the sink. "Clothes in the hamper and kneel." Ever compliant, Katie divested herself of the small outfit and placed it in the hamper. Naked, clothed, naked, clothed. It seemed to the tired teen, naked once again, that ever since she had arrived home from school that afternoon her entire existence could be reduced to a constant flux of dressing and undressing. 

She kneeled on the cold tile floor beside her owner, sure to keep her legs spread as she had been trained. She watched Lauren brush her teeth without once looking in her direction. Katie waited patiently though a little despondently. She didn't like when she had to wait, when Lauren paid her no attention. She knew it was silly, and she was shamed by her feelings, but she could not help herself.

"Brush," was all Lauren said. Katie jumped to her feet and brushed her own teeth, acutely aware of her owner's scrutiny. She stayed at Katie's side and watched every small movement she made. The intensity of Lauren's gaze made her terribly insecure. She felt everything she was doing was wrong. She was only brushing her teeth for fucks sake, how wrong could she be?

"Long smooth strokes Kitty and not so hard. You'll wear those pretty gums away. It is a slave's duty to keep her body fit and healthy. It belongs to her owner and I expect a certain level of quality in everything I own. Now the bottom teeth again, you did not pay them sufficient attention."

Katie balked at being told how to brush her teeth. She was sixteen, she knew. She hated being treated like a child but being treated like property was even worse. Lauren was making sure that she knew that brushing her teeth, and staying healthy in general, was for someone else now as if she was talking about a car or something. But she had asked, she might have known that as soon as she questioned the situation Lauren would accommodate her. It was almost as if she was psychic.

"Now rinse Kitty. Tongue out. Brush your tongue now, long gentle strokes. Start at the back. We definitely need to look after that tongue Kitty," Lauren giggled.

Katie peered at herself in the mirror and saw the colour rise to her cheeks. Her tongue squirmed as the soft bristles of the brush tickled its sensitive pink length. She had just licked and sucked another girl's vagina, this very girl, and yet she was blushing furiously at a tiny joke.&nbsp; 

"Good girl. Hurry up and pee and we can get to bed. We have a big day tomorrow."

Did she need to pee? Once she was sat on the toilet she realised that she did need to go. Lauren continued to watch her and Katie continued to burn with the humiliation of having her most private actions watched and judged. Her legs were spread and she was sure Lauren could see the golden stream fall from her pussy. She felt disgusting. How could Lauren want anything to do with her after seeing her do this? She tried to put that thought out of her mind, wiggled her hips and patted the last few drops from her dark curls.

She dared a glance at her owner and could not believe that Lauren was smiling. Katie immediately dropped her eyes to the floor, unwilling or unable, to let Lauren see her anguish.

"Panties on Kitty," Lauren waited as Katie slid the small black thong lined with pink around the waist and legs, pulling it snugly against her bush and slipping it up between her buttocks. She smiled as Katie adjusted the waistband, a self-conscious movement, letting Lauren know she wanted to look her best. Yes, this little slut will do, Lauren mused wickedly.

Lauren reached out and grasped her hand. Katie came willingly, squeezing Lauren's hand gently as she was led from the room. Katie no longer knew right from wrong, she couldn't tell what she should be feeling, what she should accept and what she should resist. Her world had been turned upside down. No that wasn't quite right. Her world had been taken from her and what had been put in its place was so simple but so difficult to face: obedience and subservience.

It hadn't even dawned on her, until she was safely back in her room, once again standing at attention, that she had walked half-naked down the hall, being led by the hand by a 16 year old girl. A girl who owned her. It was enough to take her breath away.

"Hands in front Kitty. Make fists. Now, stay," Lauren commanded.

Lauren cringed at the command but obeyed. Her eyebrows raised questioningly as she watched Lauren pull a roll of black tape from her bag. Katie's shoulders sagged a little, and she almost groaned aloud. She had thought that it was over for the night, that she would be allowed to rest and sleep. She was exhausted, the orgasm had taken more out of her than she realised. She knew she would be the one blowing up the mattress but she had thought after that she would surely be allowed some peace.

Katie stood still as a statue as Lauren wrapped the tape around her curled fingers, encasing each fist in a tight black casing that reached to the wrist. Once done, Katie was allowed to replace her hands behind her back. She slid her fists against each other, the smooth black tape providing no grip. It was a strange, maddening feeling being unable to feel or do anything with her hands. They rested impotently in the small of her back.

"Kneel." Once she was on her knees, Lauren clipped a leash to her collar. Katie's eyes bulged as she watched Lauren loop the other end around the leg of her bed. What did this mean? Surely she was not going to be left this way? To sleep this way, leashed like a dog. As Lauren undressed before her, Katie's stomach grumbled loudly. She had only had the one piece of pizza and she was still hungry.

"Kitty was that you?"
"Yes Miss, it was my tummy Miss," Katie added, desperate for Lauren not to think she had farted.
"Still hungry Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"Well Kitty, we really should be getting to bed, it's late, but never let it be said I don't take care of my property. Feeding a slave is just as important as disciplining a slave. You can eat my pussy Kitty."
"Thank you Miss, " Katie replied, careful to keep her voice light. She might have known it was some kind of trick. She had foolishly hoped for another slice of pizza.

Katie shuffled forward to the edge of the bed and Lauren's open legs. Her leash allowed only a very limited movement and it slid to the side of her collar as she leaned forward to begin her duty and start her late night snack.

"Don't muck about Kitty, I'm tired. Get in there and eat," Lauren scolded.

Katie dove forward covering Lauren's hot pink lips with her own. She lapped and suckled furiously, her tongue moving non-stop: darting here, licking there. As her owner writhed beneath her mouth, Katie could feel her own ardour rise. Her nipples stiffened and no doubt that electric sensation between her legs meant her own sex was moistening in response.

This time it was over much more quickly. Katie's vigorous, almost manic, enthusiasm provided Lauren with her second orgasm of the night. Katie was left unmolested by the much more subdued girl. Lauren lay back, one hand resting on her belly while the other gently stroked the tips of her hard nipples.

Katie continued to lick her owner's pussy, her tongue sliding along the thin pink lips. Lauren began to giggle at the attention but Katie cleaned the pussy, her tongue slowly and gently covering whatever she could reach.

"Down," Lauren ordered breathlessly, her muted laughter continuing even as Katie lay down on the floor. Lauren reached out and turned off the small bedside lamp that had illuminated their most recent lovemaking.

"Goodnight Kitty."
"Goodnight Miss."

Katie lay in darkness, her taped hands squirming constantly. The bizarre sensation of not being able to feel anything with her hands was something she could not put aside. She rubbed them against the rough carpet, against the smooth skin of her belly - nothing. She almost felt as if she had no fingers at all.

It was not until her eyes had adjusted to the darkness and the room became peopled with shadows cast by the pale white light from the street that her thoughts turned to the leash that secured her to the bed. The simple clasp that clamped around her collar could be opened by anyone; anyone with fingers. Trying to get comfortable, she learned that she had less than three feet of movement.

She would be spending the night on the floor, unable to move from the foot of the bed. Katie curled up into a ball, tucking her knees tight into her body. She could not find a comfortable spot and kept turning unable to stop some part of her body from quickly becoming a new source of pain and discomfort.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

Lauren rose languidly to the surface of consciousness. It was still dark. She glanced at the small digital clock by the bed. She had only been asleep for two hours. It was unlike her to wake before dawn. She lay back, looking around the foreign room, realising how very different her room was from Katie's, but this room suited her - once it was clean.

"Kitty?" Lauren whispered.
"Yes Miss," came the immediate murmur from the end of the bed.
"Have you been to sleep?" Lauren asked, already knowing the answer.
"No Miss."
"Why not?"
"I don't know Miss," Katie replied despondently.
"Kitty if you promise to be good you may come sleep with me. Would you like that?"
"Yes please Miss, I promise to be good," Katie pleaded.
"Is your pussy wet my little slut?"
"Yes Miss, a little," Katie admitted, blushing in the darkness. She could feel the warmth creating the rosy glow in her cheeks. She hated that she blushed so easily and so frequently. After the week she had how could she blush at anything?
"Well you're wearing panties so I guess it's ok. I don't want you leaking all over me during the night. Come."

Katie squirmed to her hands and knees and crawled as far forward as she could. The leash pulled her up short but she strained forward a little more pulling her collar tight against her throat. Small tears of relief welled in her eyes as Lauren unclasped the leash and released her. She had not liked being tied to the foot of the bed like a pet. She didn't like feeling like an animal. If she was honest, it was the arousal that had kept her awake, not the discomfort of her position. She tried her best not to think about why her body was feeling this way but she had struggled since the moment the lights had gone out.

"Up," commanded Lauren, patting the bed beside her. She was smiling in the darkness. Once released Katie had waited on her knees for permission to enter the bed instead of just crawling straight in like a presumptious little bitch.

The compliant teen crawled into bed beside her owner, grateful for the chance at comfort. But what she felt as she lay down next to Lauren's warm form, her body matching the contours of the other girl's was a deep contentment. As she felt her cool asscheeks press against the warm flesh of Lauren's lap, absorbing the lovely heat, she recognised that the contentment she felt was a response to Lauren's body, the closeness of her touch and the comfort of simply being with her. She was worried by the feelings but it was so strong that her concern quickly faded into insignificance. All that mattered was that her owner wanted her close, wanted to touch her, wanted her with her.

Lauren nestled closely into Katie's body, running a hand over her smooth, soft belly running it up the trembling flesh to gently cup a breast. She felt the nipple stiffen under her touch and breathed into the tender flesh of her neck. She almost giggled as she felt a ripple of goosepimples rise along the young girl's flank.

"Are you going to sleep now Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie said, unable to keep the smile out of her voice. Her hands, tightly taped into tiny fists, rested uselessly in her lap.
"I know what little sluts like you like Kitty," Lauren breathed, directly in Katie's ear, sending a shiver through the young girl's body.

Katie felt something touch her lips and she obediently opened her mouth. Smoothly and slowly, Lauren slid her thumb into her slave's accepting mouth. Katie immediately drew it inside, pressing it to the roof of her mouth with her tongue, suckling the intruder like a hungry babe. She could feel Lauren's breasts pushing into her back, the small hard nipples distinct points but as she suckled her owner's thumb the tension began to wash from her. Her body relaxed, squirming more closely into Lauren's, trying to press every inch of flesh into that of her owner.

"Sleep now pretty Kitty," Lauren murmured as she herself began drifting off to sleep.

Ever obedient, the young girl pressed her tongue against her owner's small, warm thumb and let the blessed oblivion of sleep take her.









Chapter 6. To the Mall

Katie lay back in the huge tub, luxuriating in the feel of the near-scalding water in which she was submerged. Small tendrils of steam rose from the calm surface of the water as she rested her head against the smooth wooden edge. She could feel something under the water, writhing between her legs but the sensation did not alarm her. She eased her legs apart, inviting the sinuous tentacles inside her.

She gasped as the thick snake-like appendages wormed against her tiny slit. The bare, pink lips of her sex opened, inviting the tentacles inside her. Katie gasped as she was entered. The tentacles squirmed and writhed within her, twisting and curling against the sensitive folds of her vagina.

Katie's eyes opened slowly, fluttering against the wan light that crept around the edges of her curtains. She was in her own bed but the tentacles were still inside her. She could feel them pushing and scraping deep within her, pushing her soft lips apart as they thrust in and out of her. She gasped as one of the tentacles flicked across her clit, a shudder of pleasure wracking her splayed body.

Tentacles? What the fuck! Katie opened her eyes. Her plain white ceiling was above her. She stared at the ceiling for long, precious seconds as the sensations between her legs continued. She did not want to look anywhere else. She knew she had to but there was a hint of fear hovering at the edges of the pleasure that was claiming her body.

The dream was completely gone now, the cold light of day banishing all thoughts of the surreal landscape of the night. Lauren was next to her, propped up on one elbow, smiling beatifically down at her. Her other hand was thrust beneath her panties, two fingers buried inside her wetness.

Katie moaned softly as Lauren's thumb gently pushed back the small hood that hid her clit. Lauren had been fingering her while she was asleep! The thought rolled round and round her brain as the warm euphoria began to wash over her in irresistible waves. She had been asleep. Then she remembered how she had fallen asleep, suckling on Lauren's thumb like a baby with a dummy.

Her cheeks flushed a pretty pink at the humiliation of being treated like a child. But it was more than that. She had liked, well not liked, she had felt... She didn't know. She was so confused, and a little scared. She couldn't think straight with Lauren's talented fingers sliding in and out of her. She hadn't liked it exactly, but it had felt right. It was the last thing she could remember. She had actually fallen asleep like that. Katie looked sheepishly at Lauren, the expression changing to one of pleasure as the same thumb she had suckled as she slept, pressed insistently against her hard, slick button.

"Kitty?"
"Yes...Miss," Katie mumbled, her brain still dazed from waking to her pussy pulsing with pleasure.
"I am going for a run. When I return I want the bed made and you are to be kneeling awaiting me. It is a slave's duty to greet her owner appropriately when she returns home."

Katie moaned as Lauren's fingers withdrew, leaving the rising orgasm to fade into frustration. Her lips parted willingly as Lauren's fingers slipped inside her mouth. Katie dutifully cleaned the creamy discharge from her own pussy from her owner's petite fingers, sucking fiercely as they were removed from another of her holes.

She was rewarded with a quick kiss, a mere touching of lips, as Lauren rolled over her and quickly dressed in a fresh outfit from her bag. It was a cute pair of matching shorts and midriff top in baby blue. Katie admired her owner's body, marveling at the way the tight stretchy material looked as if it had been painted on. Lauren slipped her shoes on without socks and slipped out of the door without a backwards glance.

Katie lay back in bed and stared at the ceiling, more frustrated than she had ever been. Lauren had used her body, played with her most intimate parts before she was even awake, using her like a toy. It wasn't just that. She had been teased and then discarded without a thought. She was property and she had never felt this more keenly. What she wanted, what she needed, didn't matter. She was here for Lauren: to please her, to amuse her, to be used by her. She lay alone, her bed feeling empty without Lauren's warm body beside her, feeling ashamed, despondent and as horny as hell.

And these fucking hands, she screamed silently as she slammed her arms down by her sides. Her hands had been taped all night and Lauren had left her this way. She couldn't do anything with her hands like this. How was she supposed to make the bed? And what fucking time was it anyway? The sun looked as if it had barely risen.

Six o'clock! She didn't think she had got out of bed this early in her life and Lauren had gone for a run! All she wanted to do was curl back up under the covers and go back to sleep. Well after she had... After you've come, you can say it, she urged. After what she had done last night there was no point being coy. She was a slut and a slave and her pussy was soaking wet.

She had no idea how long it would take her to make the bed with her hands trussed up like this, if she even could. At least she could be fairly safe her parents would not be up yet. At least she didn't think they got up this early. There was no way she could explain this away.

Katie decided there was nothing for it, she had to get up. Lauren said they had a big day today and if it started off with Lauren angry and disappointed with her she didn't think she could take it. She slid out of bed and stood looking at the disheveled sheets. She had slept all night in the same bed as a naked girl. She had knelt right there and eaten Lauren's pussy, making her cum for the second time that night. She would never be able to look at her bed the same way again. It would forever be the bed of a slut.

Bed of a slut or not, how the fuck was she going to get it made? She knew it had to be done properly too. She couldn't just pull the cover over it, Lauren would check. And besides, that was what the lazy girl she used to be would have done. That was not who she was anymore. Katie leaned over the bed and tried to grab the sheet. The material slipped through the smooth tape that covered her hands. She tried again with the same result. Tiny tears welled in the frustrated teen's eyes. How was she ever going to do this? She was doomed to disappoint Lauren yet again.

She couldn't think like that. She couldn't just give up. It wasn't really an option anyway. She had been ordered to do something and she had to comply. Obedience was a part of who she was now. It was not a part she particularly relished but that was irrelevant. She grit her teeth in defiance and tried again.

After many frustrating minutes the bed was made. The sheets smoothed down, turned over and tucked in. The pretty pink quilt covering the bed and her pillows stacked up neatly. She had, after much frustration and a few tears, worked out that she could only move the sheets if she wrapped her hands in them. She had also used her elbows and even resorted to nuzzling the resistant material with her nose. For the final finessing however, she had used her teeth. Nothing else gave her enough grip to control the sheet with sufficient dexterity.

Salty tears had slipped down her cheeks the first time she had done so. She had felt the degradation acutely. That she had been forced to this had upset her more than she would have guessed. One task was now complete. It was time for the waiting to begin.

How soon should she get on her knees and be ready for her owner's return? Would she hear her coming? Could she take that risk? She meandered around her room for a few minutes, unsure of what to do, looking and touching things without really thinking about what she was doing.&nbsp; She couldn't wait, she needed to be in position.

Katie eased herself to her knees and adopted the position expected of her. She checked herself every few minutes: making sure her knees were spread widely enough, her back was straight enough and keeping her arms behind her back at all times. The infernal tape that removed her hands from use became maddening. She was continually shuffling the two smooth stumps against each other, unable to keep them still.

She glanced at the clock beside her bed and knew it could not be much longer. She had been on her knees for more than ten minutes. Surely Lauren could not be running much longer than this. She was in the process of resettling herself, raising her butt off her feet to stretch her legs a little, when she heard a noise outside the door.

Katie immediately fell back to the floor, her buttocks bumping against her heels. She straightened her back and lifted her head up to look at the door expecting Lauren to walk through it at any moment and desperate to be found pleasing when she did. At that moment, the only thing&nbsp; in the world that Katie wanted to see was a smile on Lauren's face as she walked through the door.

"Katie?"

Fuck! Katie froze, fear gripping her, making her incapable of speech or movement. What the fuck was her father doing up? What was he doing at her door? What could he want? What could she do? Open your mouth you dumb bitch. If he thinks you are asleep he may just try and check. The door is NOT LOCKED.

"Uh yeah Dad?" she croaked, her voice almost refusing to work. "Don't come in Dad, I'm not dressed," she almost screamed as she heard a hand on the doorknob. Why wasn't she getting up? Come on Katie, get up, get into the closet. Do something. Anything.
'What time will you need that lift to the mall?"
"Um I don't know dad. I'll have to wait until Lauren gets back to ask her."
"Okay hon, I'll start breakfast when I hear Lauren come back."
"Uh okay dad, thanks."
"Kate, you doing what Lauren says?"
"Uh yes Dad," Katie blurted, the paranoia rushing back at full force. If she hadn't already been kneeling she might have fallen to the floor.
"Good, we only want what's best for you honey. You're so lucky to have someone like Lauren."

"Lucky," Katie whispered, but her father had already gone. The frantic panic of almost being caught by her father, half-naked and kneeling lewdly on the floor of her room was squashed by the even greater fear that Lauren had somehow gotten her parents onside with her being Lauren's property. She knew it was stupid. She knew it went against all common sense but she couldn't shake it.

Just as the fear and shame reached their peak, Lauren sauntered through the door, sweating and still breathless from her run. All her worries and fears were banished the second she saw the smile that lit up her owner's face. Her small mouth curved upwards making her nose crinkle ever so slightly, and her eyes twinkled mischeviously. Katie couldn't believe the surge of emotion that seemed to fill her entire being as that smile beamed down upon her.

Lauren closed the door and Katie crawled forward to kiss her shoes. She could taste the sweat and the dew and dirt as she pressed her lips to each trainer. Lauren patted her on the head and sat in the chair by the desk. Katie followed obediently, unlaced each shoe using her teeth to pull the laces and lovingly slipped them from Lauren's feet.

"Good girl Kitty," Lauren praised, softly caressing the young girl's cheek. Katie pressed her face to the touch.
"How do you feel this morning?"
"Good thank you Miss."
"Kitty, when someone asks you how you are it is only polite to respond in kind."
"How are you Miss," Katie replied, shamed by her failure at basic courtesy.
"I am great Kitty. Running in the mornings is so fantastic. Is your pussy wet Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied blushing, instantly annoyed at her response.
"Well Kitty, when I ask you how you are feeling you tell me how you are feeling. This is pretty basic stuff Kitty. Most people have it mastered pretty early. Shall we try again?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied timidly, not quite believing how quickly things had turned against her.
"How are you feeling this morning Kitty?"
"I am good Miss. My bottom hurts a little bit and my pussy is wet. Thank you for asking Miss. How are you?"
"There you go Kitty, I knew you could do it," Lauren said clasping her hands together excitedly.
"Shall we take that tape off?"
"If it pleases you Miss."
"You don't like it do you Kitty?"
"No Miss," Katie ventured hesitantly.
"It's ok Kitty. It's ok to say you don't like something. A slave must always be truthful. If I ever find you have told me something just because you thought it was what I wanted to hear you will be punished quite harshly. Understand?"
"Yes Miss."
"Hands."

Katie offered her tape-clad fists and breathed a sigh of relief as Lauren cut the tape away from her hands. "Fingers out straight Kitty, slowly. Now wiggle them slowly. Good girl. Now Kitty, what did you learn?"
"Um Miss, I learnt that... um that it's hard to make a bed without hands."
"Oh Kitty," Lauren laughed. "You're gorgeous. What did you really learn though."
"Miss I learned that my body belongs to you."
"Yes Kitty, that's true. I hope you also learnt that as your owner, everything you are belongs to me. You have only what I allow you. If I do not wish you to have hands you will not have hands. If I don't want you to have sight, you will not have sight. Do you understand that Kitty?"
"Yes Miss I do.
"Good girl. Your dad was going to start breakfast soon but I think you are hungry now aren't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, the familiar flutter beginning in her belly.

Lauren stood up and slid her shorts and g-string down her legs in one swift movement. She stepped out of the damp clothing and straddled the kneeling teen. Katie opened her mouth, her tongue flicking forward, as Lauren's bare pussy descended on her face.

Katie opened her mouth, enveloping the smooth bare lips of her owner's sex. Lauren grabbed her hair and forced the young girl's face against her hot slit. Katie opened her mouth wider, forcing her tongue into a point and thrusting it deep inside her classmate. Lauren wanted something different this morning. The run had got her blood up and she needed to use Katie hard, treat her body like sextoy.

Katie gasped as Lauren grasped her hair and wrenched her head viciously forward. She jerked Katie's head back and forth, sliding her face from nose to chin across her wet cunt. Katie's eyes watered as her nose was squashed against her owner's body, slipping across the slick lips, dipping inside the feverishly hot passage and bumping painfully against her mons.

Katie's tears soon joined the sexual secretions of her owner, moistening her face.

"Lick Kitty. Keep that tongue moving you lazy little bitch. All the way in. Faster Kitty. Eat. When I allow you my pussy you better show me how much you appreciate the privilege. That's it Kitty, as if you haven't eaten for a week."

Katie's tears continued to flow as she licked and sucked her owner's pussy. Her hands were resting on the floor know, the ferocity of Lauren's attack had left the young girl arched backwards painfully her face crushed between Lauren's legs as she straddled the struggling teen. Her mouth worked frantically as she worked hard to please the dominant girl.

"Clit slut. Get two fingers inside me. Yes Kitty. Oh good Kitty. Curl...them...forward. Kit-"

Lauren bucked her hips, her body thrusting in a primal surge of overwhelming rapture. Katie cried as her body was used to pleasure another girl, her face nothing more than a living machine whose only purpose was to provide an orgasm. She felt the degradation acutely, especially after the tender lovemaking that she had been forced to perform the previous night.

She was property and Lauren was using her as an object, with as much regard and concern as if she was a dildo. She felt worthless, demeaned to the point that she questioned if this was all she was good for. Even through the crisis of self that was wracking her psyche she never stopped working. Her mouth and tongue continued to lap and suckle the trembling teenage sex that was thrust forcefully upon her upturned face.

As the orgasm burst and faded, Lauren pushed Katie away, sending the young girl sprawling to the floor. Her face was a mess. Her eyes were red, her cheeks puffy and pink and her mouth felt as if she had been slapped again and again. Her lips throbbed from the rough treatment and the whole bottom half of her face glistened in the early morning light. 

&#8220;Exercises. Now.&#8221;

Katie got to her feet and began her daily routine as Lauren sauntered to her closet and chose the clothing Katie would wear that day. Katie watched as a sleeveless pale green dress was selected first. It was one of her nicest dresses, with a stiffened bodice that hugged her body and pushed her boobs up. Next was her plain black bra and brief, black boy-short panties. Last were the only pair of heels she owned. They were slim and black and only two inch heels but she still wasn&#8217;t expert in wearing them. She much preferred flats. Once she had laid out Katie&#8217;s outfit on the bed, bra and panties laid over the top of the dress as if she was providing Katie a guide to dressing, Lauren settled in to watch her girl perform the strenuous regime she had instituted.

Katie was breathing heavily, her body shining under the sheen of sweat that had formed during the first three exercises. Lauren smiled as she watched the young girl continue. She was clearly struggling, but she had obviously improved over the week. She had been doing her exercises, the evidence was right before her. Katie had taken to her new life quicker and easier than Lauren had planned. She knew there was no going back for either of them now, even if she had wanted to. And she most definitely did not want to. The mere sight of the pretty teen exercising, stressing her body as she had been ordered, was enough to quicken Lauren&#8217;s pulse as she sat watching. She could feel the throb in her pussy, that telltale sign that her desire was beginning to rise. She had come only a few minutes ago and yet watching Katie gasp and move was exciting her terribly.

&#8220;Kitty wants to please.&#8221;

Lauren felt her nipples stiffen as she heard Katie recite the words. She wanted to stop Katie right there and then, throw her down on the floor and mash that pretty little face into her pussy.

She couldn&#8217;t though. There was too much to do, Katie&#8217;s father was cooking breakfast and besides she was the strong one here. Sure she could just indulge herself anytime she wished, in any way she wished, but she was the one in control here. Not only did she have to discipline her slave but she had to display self-discipline. She was discovering the realities of what she had read. Owning a slave was a responsibility. It was a responsibility to oneself and sometimes required sacrifice. She would have Katie for a long time, there was no need to rush anything now.

"Come here Kitty," Lauren urged, once Katie had finished her exercises and stood at attention, gasping for breath. "Kneel. Now Kitty, what's all this about."
"I don't know Miss," Katie said in a hushed whisper as Lauren gently wiped away a tear.
"Kitty?"
"Sorry Miss, I um. Miss I liked to um, eat your pussy. I did Miss, please. It was just that..."
"You didn't like the way you were used, is that it Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," mumbled Katie, amazed that Lauren had known how she had felt.
"You are just adjusting Kitty. You are so used to being selfish and lazy and thinking only of yourself. No one likes to be wrong but when your whole life is shown to be a waste of self-indulgence and you learn that you are rightfully the property of someone else it's bound to be hard. When you are used as you deserve, your body fulfilling the needs of another, that is when you feel it Kitty. It will be hard the first few times."

Lauren tenderly caressed the young girl's face, pushing a stray lock of hair back behind her ears. "You feel worthless because you are realising that your life has been worthless. You are defined only by your service to me Kitty. That's why you feel this way. Do you understand?"

"Yes Miss," said the still bewildered teen. Lauren eased her forward and Katie wrapped her arms around Lauren&#8217;s leg, hugging her, feeling the warmth from her body and needing it more than anything.

"You can talk to me about anything Kitty. I am always here for you. I own you Kitty and I always take very good care of all my possessions. You should only ever be sad when you disappoint me Kitty, and then you should be focusing on doing everything you can to make amends. Give my pussy a kiss Kitty, it will make you feel better."

Katie still didn't quite understand what Lauren had tried to tell her. She had seemed to know exactly what she was feeling but the confused teen still wasn't sure why. Lauren often lost her when she went into 'lecture mode'. It hadn't been the roughness exactly, it was just that she felt that she didn't matter. She tried to forget it as she leaned forward and tentatively kissed the seated girl's lips. Lauren's labia was still a little moist from the recent orgasm and Katie's lips momentarily stuck to the sticky discharge that coated the bare pink lips.

"It's ok Kitty, you can keep kissing until you feel better. Keep that tongue inside your mouth, naughty Kitty."

Katie was mortified that she blushed at the admonishment. Her lips had parted and her tongue had ever so gently peeked through to touch the soft flesh of Lauren's sex. She hadn't meant to do it, it just happened. She felt like such a slut, unable to control herself. She closed her mouth and kissed the soft, sticky lips again and again, small tender kisses, her lips pressing lightly against the hot moistness.

"Feel better?"
"Yes Miss."
"Ok get dressed. Red shorts and black t-shirt. Wash your face and then come down to breakfast."

Katie scurried to her feet to fulfill the commands, glad that she would be wearing clothes again. She had never quite gotten over the disconcerting feeling of being naked, or almost naked, while Lauren stayed clothed. It made her feel so very exposed, despite it only being one girl who could see her, and a girl that had seen all of her already.

When Katie trotted downstairs, the trepidation she felt with each step grew and grew. She could hear Lauren chatting amiably with her father, laughing as if they had known each other for ages. Katie felt terribly self-conscious. They were laughing at her, she was sure of it.

"Hey Katie," her father said as he noticed her hovering at the doorway to the kitchen. Bacon and eggs." He stood there, beaming at her, as if he hadn't just been laughing at her. "It's all there, I'll leave you girls to it."

Katie eased her way into the kitchen as her father left. Did he just wink at Lauren? Katie had felt much better when she had washed the sticky secretions from her face though she could still smell Lauren's sex, the aroma deeply ingrained upon her senses. She was sure that some of Lauren's juices had got up her nose during the frenzied assault. As yucky as that sounded she preferred that scenario to the one where everyone could smell the sexual musk on her, knowing what she had done. Her breath smelled like pussy, of that she had no doubt.

"Come Kitty. Your breakfast is here. One hardboiled egg, one slice of toast and some lovely grapefruit that your Dad was nice enough to cut into little cubes for you."

As she sat on the stool next to Lauren, she looked at the plate that had been set for her. The toast was only half a slice, a small triangle of lightly buttered brown bread. She had no cutlery so she guessed she would be eating with her hands. Lauren&#8217;s plate was everything hers was not. Two pieces of toast, liberally spread with butter, an omelette with onion and capsicum filling and four rashes of bacon.

"Oh Kitty you are priceless. You have the breakfast you deserve. Stop eyeing mine like a little piglet. If you are a good girl and do well in your training, you will achieve everything you deserve, okay?"
"Yes Miss, thank you," Katie said timidly, abashed at the telling off.
"You may eat Kitty."

Katie focused on her own meager breakfast, eating first the egg, toast and then the grapefruit. Her fingers and lips were coated in the sticky citrus juice by the time her plate was empty. She was finished long before Lauren, but that wasn't much of a surprise.

"Oh Kitty you do love your juices," joked Lauren, laughing softly at the shamed teen.
"Would you like some bacon?"
"Yes please Miss," Katie blurted, realising too late that it might not have been the best choice of words.
"Kneel Kitty, beside my stool."

Katie slid timidly from her own seat and knelt by her owner. She glanced nervously over her shoulder at the doorway, fearful that her parents would walk in on the scene, witnessing her degradation.

"Kitty," Lauren snapped, tapping Katie on the top of her head with the back of her fork. &#8220;A slave's focus is always on her owner. Eyes to the front. Now open your mouth, tongue out. This is your position for 'beg'."

Katie's stomach tightened at the word. How could words have so much power? Lauren was able to make her feels things, stir emotions deep inside her with a simple word. She knelt on the cool tiles and waited dutifully. Lauren continued to eat her breakfast casually, as if she was oblivious to the kneeling teen beside her.

After what felt, to Katie, like minutes had passed, Lauren's right hand approached. There was a small piece of bacon, less than an inch in length, clamped between her fingers. Katie's tongue quivered as the morsel neared. She could taste the bacon already. She leaned forward slightly in anticipation.

"Bad girl Kitty. You wait."

Lauren removed the piece of bacon and popped it in her own mouth. Katie almost cried then, but she grit her teeth and vowed that she would not. She had been stupid, fucking stupid. She swayed back and waited again. This time she would not move. It hadn't been the loss of the bacon that upset her, it was the disappointment in Lauren's voice. It was as if someone had kicked her in the chest when she heard it.

Katie waited and waited, sure that Lauren had finished her meal and she would not be given another chance to make up for letting her owner down. Just when she was about to give in to the despair, Lauren's hand wove into view, another tiny strip of bacon offered to her. Katie froze, determined to be good.

Lauren let the small morsel, much smaller than the first, hover in front of Katie's open mouth, watching the young girl like a hawk. Katie remained still, her eyes focused on Lauren's hand, her tongue trembling. She did not move. Lauren smiled and placed the small piece of food onto her waiting tongue and patted Katie on the head.

It was only then that her tongue retracted and she ate the offering, munching the tiny piece of bacon with relish. It was not until she was clearing away the dishes at Lauren's command that she realised what had just happened. She had been fed like an animal, fed tidbits from her owner's plate, hand to mouth while she waited on the floor. The fires in her cheeks blazed as the humiliation materialised. It was how she sometimes fed Max. That thought, was only fuel to the fires that were burning her delicate skin.

"Upstairs and get the shower ready Kitty. You know what to do."
"Yes Miss."

Katie closed the dishwasher and hurried up the stairs. The instant she closed the door of the bathroom she took off her t-shirt, shorts and panties, folding each item neatly and placing them on top of the hamper. Only then did she turn the shower on and regulate the flow until it was nice and warm.

When Lauren entered more than a minute later, Katie was waiting dutifully: naked, kneeling on the bathmat, facing the shower. Lauren's smile reached all the way to her eyes, lighting her face with unbound joy. Katie continued to surprise and please her. The girl had the instincts alright. Lauren had hoped. Hoped that her guess had been right. Katie had definite submissive tendencies.

Even if she hadn't, nothing would have changed, but this was so much better. She knew Katie was having a hard time with it right now: confused, not wanting to accept what she was forced to do, the constant threat of rebellion lurking under the surface of obedience. Lauren looked forward to watching it develop, it was as delicious as having the little slut lick her out.

Lauren undressed and slipped into the shower, aware of Katie's eyes following her every move. She closed the door to the shower, smiling as she glimpsed the forlorn expression on the young girl's face. Lauren turned under the warm shower, luxuriating in the feel of the sweat of the morning washing away. She cupped her breasts, pinching each nipple gently, smiling cheekily as she felt herself harden.

"Kitty. Come."

Katie threw back the door a split second later and scrambled into the shower beside her owner. She hated being left outside, alone. She hated that she hated it. She hated that she could not stop feeling this way. She was inside now, with Lauren. She was soon washing the toned, hairless body of her classmate; her hands sliding over curves and slipping into crevices.

When she had finished Lauren gave her two minutes to wash her own body before she had to get out and wait, towel in hand, for Lauren to finish. As she stood, dripping on the tiles, Lauren's towel held aloft, away from her body, Katie realised that she now seemed to have only two speeds. Frantic, frenzied activity as she hurried to fulfill the commands Lauren gave and complete stillness as she waited for another.

Even the smallest aspects of her life were being ruled by another. What she ate, what she wore, when she spoke, how she spoke, how she stood. All things she had always taken for granted, all taken from her, resting in the hands of a girl her own age, but who sometimes seemed much, much older. She had heard people use the term 'old soul', is that what they meant? Lauren often seemed much older, but then she could smile or giggle or say something silly and Katie was reminded she was no older than she was. It was a devastating thing to learn.

Lauren stepped from the shower, refreshed, and stepped in to the waiting towel. Katie sank to her knees when while Lauren dried her body. She watched the athletic teen's every movement, looking up demurely at the girl who controlled her very life.

Lauren dropped the towel to the floor and blowdryed her hair, watching Katie in the mirror. Katie was turned to the side and she kept darting glances at Lauren out of the corner of her eye. She couldn't help herself, aware each time she did that she could get in trouble.

"Dry yourself Kitty. Clean your panties before putting them in the hamper then come to your room."

Lauren was out the door by the time Katie had scrambled to her feet and began drying her body with the wet towel. She looked at her panties as she dried her body, knowing what she had to do, knowing she had no choice but disliking it nonetheless.

She wrapped the towel around her, strode purposefully to the hamper and unfolded her panties. Do it quick, she told herself, the only encouragement she could muster. The crotch of the thong was coated in her creamy discharge. Katie put the material in her mouth and suckled the soaked garment, blushing as she heard the hiss as she drew air through the moist material. Her tongue lapped furiously at the ooze her pussy had secreted. 

Katie's entire mouth was steeped in the taste of her own sex. She threw the small panties into the hamper as if they were something poisonous. Now she had a decision to make. Lauren had not told her to get dressed, nor had she said that she could cover herself with the towel. Her room was only a few feet away but it was getting later and her parents were bound to be around. Lauren was waiting, she had to decide.

Katie stepped into her room timidly, the wet towel wrapped around her body. Lauren was already dressed in a short, pleated skirt with a chequered design and a pretty white button-up blouse. Katie sheepishly closed the door behind her, almost holding her breath in anticipation of the reaction to her choice of covering.

"Get dressed, brush your teeth, and do your makeup."

Katie loosened the towel and draped it over the door handle, letting out her pent-up breath in relief. Lauren had not even mentioned it, she must have done the right thing. A strange elation flowed through the young girl and she all but skipped to the bed and her waiting outfit.

"No Kitty," Lauren said exasperatedly. "When a skirt or dress has been chosen for you the order in which you dress is shoes, panties, bra and then dress."

Katie put the panties back atop the dress. She looked down at her shuffling feet, her composure battered by Lauren's constant corrections. She bent over and slipped a foot into each heel, conscious of Lauren watching her nakedness. The timid teen looked shyly at Lauren, surreptitiously checking before she reached for the panties. When no correction came, she quickly stepped into her panties before shrugging into her bra and then finally her dress.

"What are you waiting for Kitty? Do you think you deserve praise for dressing yourself? Five year olds manage as much. You have your orders."

Katie blushed and scurried from the room. She stayed bent over the basin as she brushed her teeth, fearful of even the tiniest spatter of toothpaste on her dress. Lauren had chosen the outfit for her and if she ruined it now she knew she would be in trouble.

She looked at herself in the mirror before beginning to apply her makeup. She was very pretty, she had to admit it. The green dress accentuated her pale green eyes and the bodice pushed her breasts up creating a delicious vista of cleavage. She stepped back from the mirror and turned. The dress fell half-way to her knee, exposing a cheeky amount of leg, but still modest. Lauren had chosen her outfit perfectly.

No matter the sight the delicate dress made, she kept coming back to her collar. The shiny metal ring that encircled her throat was visible from every angle. Everyone had to know what it was. It was beautifully made but it screamed collar. Didn't it? Katie shook herself from the daydream and quickly applied the subtle touches of mascara and eyeliner that Lauren had shown her.

Lauren was not in her room when Katie returned. She was confused once again. Since meeting Lauren in the library she had been constantly off balance, never able to fully get a handle on the maelstrom of emotions that constantly and chaotically whirled inside her. Had she done something wrong? Had she taken too long in the bathroom. She cursed herself for spending so much time looking at herself in the mirror. Katie slunk out of the bedroom and crept down the hallway. She could hear Lauren downstairs, laughing and talking with her father. Why were they always laughing? She didn&#8217;t want to interrupt but every second she was unaccounted for could be used against her. She was already afraid she had taken too long.

&#8220;There she is, finally. Teenagers hey Greg,&#8221; Lauren said with mock indignation.
&#8220;Indeed,&#8221; replied Katie&#8217;s father, to fresh bursts of laughter from the pair.

Katie&#8217;s mouth flickered in the briefest and most tentative of smiles. She was unsure of what to do, her confidence had been shattered, even here in her own home with the people she was closest to in the world. The young girl stood self-consciously in the doorway, hands fidgeting at her sides. She no longer knew what to expect. Everyone else seemed to be in on some big secret that was kept from her. It made her nervous and she chewed her bottom lip without realising. Lauren watched the unease that practically radiated from her. She was so cute when she nibbled on her lip, the air of girlish innocence accentuated by the unconscious act.

&#8220;Well we had better be going, we have appointments to keep,&#8221; suggested Lauren as she stood up. Katie allowed herself to be led by the hand out to the garage. Her worries had multiplied at the statement. Appointments? She did not like the sound of that, not at all.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

&#8220;Give me the $60 your father gave you.&#8221;

Katie dug in her small purse and handed the money over. Lauren had chosen a small black purse for her to carry. It carried very little but Katie knew why it had been chosen. It was just large enough to contain her dildo and she could feel the heavy glass shaft through the thin material. Lauren herself had a pretty shoulderbag, slung across her chest, into which she deposited the money.

She had been surprised when her father had slipped her $60 as he let them out at the mall. He had patted her hand and told her to have fun and then driven off and left her with Lauren. Katie felt silly now, but at that moment she felt her father had abandoned her, as if he had given his blessing to Lauren&#8217;s ownership of her and delivered her into Lauren&#8217;s care.

&#8220;This is gonna be great,&#8221; Lauren exclaimed, bouncing toward the mall, her ponytail bobbing exuberantly behind her. Katie followed, hurrying to keep up but not feeling the same excitement that infused Lauren&#8217;s every movement. The butterflies in her stomach felt as if they had just smoked crack, fluttering manically a million miles an hour. She couldn&#8217;t shake the feeling that she needed to pee even though she knew she did not. It was still extremely early in the morning, Katie didn&#8217;t think she had ever been to the mall when the shops were still opening, and yet it was already teeming with people. 

 Katie took a deep breath as she stepped through the automatic doors and silently prayed that they would not see anyone from school. They had not gone far when Lauren suddenly rounded on the nervous teen, startling her. A mischevious smile twisted Lauren&#8217;s mouth as she watched Katie&#8217;s high breasts bounce as she jumped. The dress showed those pert mounds off perfectly, pushing them together, the profusion of soft flesh was like a siren&#8217;s song, inviting her caress. The urge was so strong she had to force herself to focus.

&#8220;Kitty. My mom knows the lady who runs this store. Mrs. Farrell is really cool. You are to be respectful at all times. She is Mrs. Farrell or Ma&#8217;am to you. You are going to be working here, well if you get the job. First impressions are important Kitty, so I want you to be the sweet and lovely. As if you wouldn&#8217;t be,&#8221; Lauren said laughing. She ran her hands down Katie&#8217;s arms and took her hands in her own. &#8220;This is important Kitty. If you are a good girl you can have a treat later.&#8221;

Katie was still in a state of shock and the mention of a treat didn&#8217;t excite her as much as she thought Lauren was hoping. Did her parents know about this? They must have. It had to be what Lauren had talked about with them last night. Of course, who wouldn&#8217;t be in favour of their teenage daughter getting off her ass and getting a job, bringing in some money and learning some responsibility. They didn&#8217;t know she was being forced into it though. They didn&#8217;t know anything. No one did. She was alone in this purgatory.

&#8220;Oh come on Kitty,&#8221; Lauren said with indignation. &#8220;A slave serves her owner through service and all slaves must work. It will be good for you to learn some responsibility and discipline. Being allowed to laze around the house all the time led you to broadcasting your little escapade with a-&#8220;

&#8220;Sorry Miss, I will work hard,&#8221; Katie blurted, knowing she was wrong to interrupt her owner but she could not let her finish. She couldn&#8217;t bear to hear Lauren refer to that incident, especially not in the middle of the mall. She cringed, waiting for Lauren&#8217;s reaction.
&#8220;Oh I know you will Kitty, I trust you,&#8221; Lauren said smiling. That was not what Katie had expected.

Lauren fussed with Katie&#8217;s hair and dress, making sure she looked perfect for her interview. Katie could do nothing but look embarrassed, watching the feet of the passersby, unable to lift her eyes, fearful of what she would see.

"Very cute. Now Kitty I want your best behaviour. If you embarrass me you will be punished."
"I will be good Miss," Katie whispered, afraid someone would hear her.
"Follow."

The shop that Lauren led her into was a small boutique clothing store, which, from what Katie could see, catered to the more discerning young fashionista. The store was split with men&#8217;s and women&#8217;s fashion on opposing sides. The clothing was gorgeous and Katie instantly spotted a half dozen outfits she would have loved to own.

"Hi Jean."
"Hey Lauren. Punctual as always," smiled the older woman. "And this must be Katie. Aren't you just as pretty as a picture."

Katie stood and stared, not sure what she should say. Mrs. Farrell looked to be in her late 30s but she was still attractive. She was slim waisted and full breasted and the skirt and blouse she wore were understated but stylish, accentuating her figure. Katie felt like such a girl in her presence.

"She is. Cutest girl in school," boasted Lauren.
"Well next to you," laughed Mrs. Farrell. "So Katie, you want a job."
"Yes please Ma'am," Katie replied shyly.
"She's a good girl Jean. She wants to work hard and make the shop successful, not that it's not now of course. She will do anything that is needed."
"She's not too shy to speak for herself is she. You will be dealing with customers, selling the clothes, suggesting outfits, ensembles and accessories and upselling where you can. Have you had a job before?"
"No Ma'am."
"Well, wander around, familiarise yourself with the store. Come back in ten minutes and the first customer that comes through the door will be your test. You will suggest two outfits for whoever it is and we will see how you do."

Katie walked away from the pair after Lauren waved her off. They continued chatting as Katie focused on the clothing set on racks and tables around the store. There seemed to be every conceivable type of clothing in the store, except maybe lingerie. Skirts and dresses, shorts and jeans, t-shirts and blouses and jackets and jeggings. There was one common theme that tied all the clothes together however, they were very high quality and very expensive.

There was one couple in the store browsing and she tried not to get in their way but kept her eyes on what the girl picked out. She seemed to have good taste, except for one pair of tight, denim shorts that Katie knew would not suit her body at all. When she felt the ten minutes was up she walked back to Lauren who was standing on her own behind the counter.

"Well Kitty, did you take it all in?"
"I think so Miss. I'll do my best."
"That's all anyone can ask Kitty. It will be a shame if your best is not good enough."

Katie looked at Lauren, her anguish etched on her pretty face. All she could do was try and hope for the best. Her hands were shaking when Mrs. Farrell returned.

"How'd you go Katie?"
"Good thank you Ma'am," the young girl replied, trying to sound more confident than she was. She had to be bolder and less like a little girl afraid to talk to strangers. She needed to get this job and when she did, she would be selling clothes. Something that required confidence. She hoped she would be up to the task.

"Ok Katie, you're up," said Jean, indicating the newest customer to the store.

Katie looked at the young girl who had entered with her mother. She was about the same age as her, maybe a little younger. She was dressed in a rather drab pair of jeans and a faded red t-shirt - everything in the store would be an improvement on that outfit.

"Collect two outfits that you think would suit her. Quickly now, seconds are like hours in retail."

Katie scurried off, eager to please both her owner and her prospective employer. She remembered a pretty pair of jeans that would suit the girl's slim shape and a nice plain white blouse, that would accentuate the dark blue of the denim. For the second outfit she chose a petite black skirt and a tight-fitting red top with spaghetti straps cut low in the front, perfect for showing off the cleavage that was in fashion right now. She hurried back to the counter with the outfit. Jean looked over the selections carefully, raising an eyebrow here and smiling there.

"Not bad. This one though," she indicated the red top Katie had chosen, "is a risk. Sure it might be something she would wear but with her mother hovering over her... She definitely looks like she would be more suited to the more understated outfit. You have to remember you are choosing not only what would suit the customer but what they are likely to wear, what suits their personality not just their body."

Katie was crestfallen at the criticism. Would Lauren be angry? She really had tried her best. Shit, if she didn't pass the test, if she failed to get the job what would Lauren do? She would be punished for sure but from what Lauren had said she would be getting a job one way or another. This would be much more preferable than some greasy fast food joint.

"And also remember that you are not choosing clothes for yourself. This top would look gorgeous on you, which you are no doubt aware. You have the bosom for it, but not all girls are as happy to flaunt it as you are."

Katie blushed, not knowing if it was praise or not, but having someone talk about her body in that way made her extremely self-conscious.

"You didn't do too badly though and Lauren assures me that you are well behaved and that you will do whatever jobs you are given without complaint. Is this true?"
"Yes Mrs Farrell, I will do anything," Katie replied sincerely. She had thought about the alternatives and she really did want to work here.
"She's very obedient Jean," Lauren added from the background.

Katie's blush intensified at the remark. She knew that she was, she had to be, but it was not something that you generally said about someone. She felt as if everyone must know she was a slave. Everyone! There is only one other person here, dummy. What if she did know? What if Lauren had told her?

"Ok Katie, you have the job," Jean said with a smile. "On a one month probation," she added as Lauren jumped up and down, squealing excitedly.
"Sure Jean," Lauren squealed.
"Thank you Ma'am," said Katie, smiling at the unbound excitement of her owner. She was happy for herself too. Now she would not be punished and she wouldn't have to work in some burger dive.
"Well what are you girls up to for the rest of the day?"
"We have a few things planned, but nothing for half an hour," answered Lauren.
"I've got some forms for Katie to fill out and she can spend some time in the store, learning the stock if you like."
"Sure Jean that sounds great."

Katie stood by, a spectator to the conversation. She now had a job, so why did she feel as if she was still only acting as Lauren's slave. Despite having chosen the outfits pretty well and being respectful and obedient, she still felt it was Lauren's words that got her the job. She knew she was only there because of Lauren, because Lauren wanted her to work. It was her duty to work. But she still felt she should be more excited at getting her first job.

"Fill out these forms Kitty," said Lauren handing her a bundle of forms. "Here's the details you put down for the account where your wages are to be deposited. When you're finished, keep working the store and learning all you can about what Jean offers."

Katie took the small slip of paper filled with numbers realising as she did so that all the money she would make would go straight to Lauren. It was that fact more than any other that made her truly feel like a slave. She had already realised she had no choice in the things she was doing but working, and working hard she knew, and not getting paid was a bitter pill to swallow. Katie grudgingly filled out the forms, unable to put her feelings aside. She knew she shouldn't be angry or even disappointed but she couldn't help it.

As she weaved her way around the tables to flick through rack upon rack of clothing, she wondered where Lauren had got to. She was no longer in the store, of that she was certain. Mrs. Farrell was helping some young girls and she was left to her own devices for the first time in a long time. She continued with what she had been told, the idea of slacking off not even occurring to the young girl. Lauren's conditioning was already having a strong effect on the impressionable teen.

"Ok Kitty."

Katie jumped, almost dropping her purse, as Lauren sidled up behind her. Lauren giggled. She was so easy to sneak up on, and the righteous indignation that came over her everytime she was scared was priceless.

"Time to go. Thank Jean for being so nice and lets go.'
"Thank you for giving me a chance Mrs. Farrell. I won't let you down," Katie said, her every word oozing with sincerity.
"I dare say you won't Katie. Your first shift is Tuesday night. Be here at 4.30 and I can show you around.
"Yes Ma'am."









Chapter 7. Transformation

"Kitty you were really good in there. Jean was impressed with your manners. I promised you a treat and I always keep my promises Kitty, but you'll have to wait until later."
"Thank you Miss, Kitty wants to please."

Why the fuck had she said that? She saw Lauren's eyes sparkle in response and knew the answer already. Seeing Lauren smile, seeing her happy in any way sent a flush of warmth through her body, spreading through her belly and up into her chest. She had never experienced anything like it before. She didn't know what it was, but she knew it made her feel good. And, apparently, she was willing to humiliate herself make it happen.

"Well keep it up Kitty, that is what you are for. Here we are."

Katie had barely been paying attention to her surroundings as she followed Lauren through the mall. She was beginning to feel the effects in her legs of wearing the heels that she almost never wore. She glanced into the store as they entered, wondering what they would be doing here. The beauty salon had rows of reclining chairs out the front, two of which were already occupied with women having their hair washed or cut.

"Hey Gloria," Lauren called to a woman at the back of the salon.
"Lauren," Gloria called out, dropping the brush and scissors back onto the bench. "So this is Katie huh. Has anyone ever told you, you look like that chick from Scott Pilgrim?"
"Hey wow she so does. I hadn't really noticed it before Gloria."
"Minus the blue hair of course," Gloria smiled cheekily.

Katie had never heard of whatever they were talking about, which only made her feel more an outsider. Lauren knew all these people, she had never seen them before in her life, but they all seemed to know her. The word buxom was just made to describe Gloria. Her breasts were huge, protruding from her chest like two zeppelins. She was wearing a purple corset that made her waist smaller and only served to make her breasts appear even bigger. She was wearing a long black skirt and black stockings underneath, her hair spiked at the front but long and layered at the back. Definitely someone who would stand out in a crowd.

"Quiet one isn't she?" Gloria said jokingly.
"She's a good girl Gloria, just a little lazy and needs a little more confidence. And that's why we're here," Lauren was all smiles as she talked about Katie as if she was deaf and dumb.
"Come on back and we can get started. I can't wait to get stuck in to those luscious black locks."
"You remember what we talked about right?" asked Lauren.
"Yep. You are so right, it will look perfect. I know you're gonna love it Katie."

Katie sat down in the chair at Gloria's direction dreading what was about to happen. Her hair was going to be cut, she knew that much, but what had Lauren chosen for her new look. She hoped it wasn't something stupid, or something short. Lauren wouldn't make her look ugly surely. It was a slave's duty to be pleasing for her owner and Lauren would not be pleased with a stupid haircut. Unless laughing at her all the time was the goal. Katie felt even worse after that little thought popped into her head.

She clenched tightly to her purse as the shiny cape was draped over her shoulders, covering her body. She could feel each and every bump of the glass dildo inside her purse and she watched in the mirror as her cheeks blazed red as she thought about what people would say if someone found that in her purse.

Lauren and Gloria chatted as Katie's hair was cut. Not once throughout the whole process did either one speak to Katie. It was as if she was just a mannequin wearing a wig. Katie couldn't believe how demeaning it was to be ignored so blatantly and so completely. Every now and then Gloria's prominent breasts bumped into her head, making her blush with embarrassment at each touch. Gloria didn't seem to notice, even when she brushed across Katie's nose, she didn't stop or even acknowledge that anything untoward had happened.

Katie watched her red cheeks in the mirror, feeling more self-conscious the more obvious her discomfort became which only made her feel worse. She was caught in a downward spiral of humiliation as she sat silently, subjecting herself to the unwanted haircut. It took almost an hour but Gloria finally stepped back, finished. It would have taken a lot less time if she hadn't stopped every five minutes to chat with Lauren, the young girl pouted. Katie looked at herself in the mirror, surveying the look Lauren had chosen for her.

Her fringe had been cut straight across her forehead. She had never had a fringe before. She had always liked to brush all her hair to one side, or pull it all back into a ponytail. The hair around her face had been feathered and layered so it was shorter at the front, lengthening as it went to the back. It was a strange look, not bad, just really different than anything she had ever had, and definitely not something she would have ever chosen.

"Perfect. You're a genius Gloria," enthused Lauren, giving the woman a hug, though how she managed to maneuver around those massive boobs Katie would never know.
"It's a fairly simple cut and Katie was such a good little model."
"Simple or not it looks great. It looks just how I imagined it would."
"Time to get started on the other hair then," Gloria winked at Katie in the mirror.

Other hair! The blood rushed from Katie's face leaving her as white as a sheet where only moments before she had been blushing like the young girl she was. Don't act so stupid, she told herself. You know what she means, there is only one possible thing she could be talking about. Katie didn't want to think about it but as Gloria removed the cape and Lauren took her hand and led her through a doorway into the back of the salon, she had no real alternative.

Katie was trembling as she was ushered into the back room, tiled in a sterile white motif that reminded her of a hospital. Lauren had to pull her through the doorway, stumbling like a reluctant child. Katie could see a long padded table in the middle of the room with cupboards lining most of the outside walls. She was gripping Lauren's hand tightly, afraid to let go, seeking comfort the only place that she could.

"See that Kitty," said Lauren, pointing to a large sign on one wall that said 'No Whining'.
"Yes Miss."
"You have been doing so well today and you look so pretty now, but you are going to look so much cuter after this."
"So right," said Gloria, following the two young girls into the room. "There's nothing like being smooth down there. You can hang your dress up here. You can keep your underwear on, we'll just move it out of the way when we need to."
"Up you hop," Lauren urged, patting the padded table top.

Katie stared at Lauren and Gloria as they watched her expectantly. It was alright for them, Katie thought indignantly as she shuffled out of her dress and hung it on the hook by the door. She was the one who was going to be half-naked showing off her sex to a stranger. Gloria might do this kind of thing every day but it didn&#8217;t make her feel any better. A complete stranger was going to be looking at her, touching her most intimate of places.

Shit, the young girl realised, she wouldn&#8217;t just be touching her she would be hurting her. She had heard about how much waxing hurt and this was her pussy they were talking about. She had to resist the urge to touch herself, to run her fingers through the thick bush of black curls, feeling, for what could be the last time, what she had always felt was part of the essence of her womanhood. She trimmed it into a nice bikini line sure, she wasn&#8217;t a fugly slag, but this was way different.

Katie stepped hesitantly forward and eased herself up onto the table. She sat, her bum barely on the edge, her hands shifting nervously in her lap. She looked at the door, locked by Gloria after she entered, and all Katie could think of was making a run for it: to the door, out into the salon, through into the mall and all the way home. Of course she would be doing it in her underwear. She knew nothing of the sort was going to happen, but she couldn&#8217;t help the daydream. She knew she was going to lie back and have her pussy denuded, each hair wrenched out tortuously by the root and she knew she would lie there compliant, submitting herself to the humiliation but never accepting it.

&#8220;Lie back Katie. You can pull your underwear down while the wax heats,&#8221; Gloria instructed.

Katie looked at Lauren, her watery eyes pleading silently with her owner. Lauren looked back impassively waiting for her to obey, she would find no solace there. They both knew this was going to happen, but Katie couldn&#8217;t help trying to wheedle her way out of it one last time. She was Lauren&#8217;s now, hers to do with as she pleased. What she wanted didn&#8217;t matter to the girl, of that Katie was now sure. As she looked into those pale blue eyes the last vestige of her independence faded away like a wisp of fog in a breeze. Katie lifted her bottom and pushed her panties down her legs, aware that her bushy sex was thrust into the air as she did so, as if she was inviting the ordeal to come.

&#8220;You may as well just take them off Kitty. Just put them on the end of the table,&#8221; Lauren decided.

Katie sat up and kicked the small boy-shorts over her ankles, folded them neatly and placed them in a corner at the end of the table. She lay back, breathing heavily, her palms sweating, unconsciously nibbling her lower lip as she waited for the process to begin, waited for her body to be prodded and poked by a strange woman. She couldn&#8217;t quite believe that she was sitting here, naked from the waist down while two women stared at her, evaluating and critiquing her nude form. Katie stared at the ceiling, unwilling to make eye contact with either Lauren or Gloria, each as complicit as the other in the coming ordeal.

"Well, you are a, um, you have quite prolific growth," said Gloria as she peered at Katie's groin.
"What Gloria means is that you have one hairy bush Kitty," giggled Lauren.
"Well that's certainly one way of putting it," said Gloria, joining the laughter. "It will have to be trimmed first. The hair needs to be a little shorter for the wax to have its full effect."

Katie was not laughing. She did not see the funny side of what was going on. Her thick covering of soft black curls, the very marker that helped make her feel a woman, was a joke now? Katie watched in trepidation as Gloria walked towards her, a small pair of scissors in her hand.

"Don't worry honey, I'll only cut above the comb, see," explained Gloria as she swept a small plastic comb through the profusion of hair on her mons. "Oh. Well... that&#8217;s alright."
"What?" enquired Lauren.
"Um, well. It's nothing to be ashamed of," Gloria reassured the young girl, patting Katie gently on the leg.
"Oh," Lauren said, giggling uncontrollably.

Katie looked down her body, just in time to see the comb rise from her curls, moisture glistening along its length. Her face felt as if it was being held to a flame. She was wet. Her fucking pussy was wet. It looked like just a little, but a little or a lot made no difference. She gripped the edge of the table as if the world was spinning and she was about to fall, her fingers whitening as her grip intensified. She closed her eyes, unable to face Gloria.

Lauren was still giggling but Gloria had gone silent, continuing to trim the long hairs covering the young girl's mound. She was disgusted by her, Katie knew. Gloria knew she was a slut, what else could she think. Oh God, what if Gloria thought she was getting turned on by what she was doing. What could she do? Her mouth was pressed firmly closed, not trusting herself to speak. Anyway what could she possibly say that would make any difference.

Katie lay back on the table wearing only her bra and heels, cringing each time she felt the comb slide through her pubic hair, wincing every time she heard the snick of the scissors. How could she be wet? This wasn't happening. It just wasn't happening. Lauren's incessant giggling told her otherwise, never letting her forget for a second what was happening. Gloria had said not to be ashamed but what she really meant was the opposite. She was a filthy slut and she should be ashamed of herself. Katie could not argue.

"Will that affect the waxing Gloria?" 
Trust Lauren to find a way to make her feel even worse, Katie moaned as she imagined herself melting into the soft, padded table.
"No, the wax will bond to the hairs themselves. Of course it would be better if it didn't but..."
"No harm done then, eh Kitty. It might even take the edge off."

Katie could hear the smile in Lauren's voice. Her eyes remained tightly shut but she could imagine the twinkle in Lauren's eyes as she humiliated her with her innocent sounding comments. Katie knew Lauren was enjoying this, she seemed to find a perverse pleasure in demeaning her. The degraded teen wanted ever so much to hide her feelings, to deny Lauren the satisfaction of seeing how much the humiliation upset her, but she wasn't strong enough. All she could think of was Gloria, what she thought about her, what she would tell others. Would the story about the teenage slut whose pussy leaked all through her waxing become legendary at the salon? At the mall? She would be working here as well now. What if Mrs Farrell found out?

Katie was startled into activity by the loud burr of a machine. Her eyes flicked open in alarm, only to see a small hand-held vacuum hovering over her trimmed bush. The muted hum of the machine sounded deafeningly loud in the small room. She could not help but watch as Gloria played the machine over her sex, clearing away all the trimmed hair. Katie was horrified to see her legs splayed apart. When had that happened? She realised now that as Gloria had moved to trim the hair lower, she had instinctively parted her thighs allowing the strange woman access. It wasn't sexual in any way, it wasn't. She was just making Gloria's job easier. It was bad enough she had to deal with the sexual discharge of which Katie remained mortified but for her to think Katie was inviting any advances of any kind made the petrified teenager want to die.

"Ok, now this will hurt. I don't know what you have heard or read but anyone who says it doesn't is lying to you. Don't worry though, each time it hurts less and less as the hair grows back weaker. You've been so great so far."
"Yes Kitty, you have been a good girl," Lauren chimed in.

Katie remembered the next few minutes as filled with moments of blinding pain, juxtaposed with moments of unbearable tension as she anticipated the next torturous removal of hair. Gloria's movements were swift and graceful. She had vowed not to watch, she couldn't watch, but when she felt the cloth strip pressed into the hot wax that had been poured on her pussy, her eyes remained glued to the scene.

She remembered the sign and Lauren's expectations and she was proud that the only sound she made was a tiny yelp each time Gloria's arm arced away from her body. Her eyes watered at the very first application and her pussy had stung more than anything she had ever felt. The pain shot up into her belly but receded as quickly as it came, not like the lingering ache that the cane had left. Katie was still anticipating the next agonising sting when Gloria wiped the area between her legs with a cool, moist cloth.

"Just turn over and up on your knees for the last part. You can ease down on your elbows sweetie, it opens it up better."

Katie obeyed without even thinking. She was in such a daze that she was taking orders from the strange woman as if she was Lauren. It was only as she rested her weight onto her elbows that she realised what position she was in, realised exactly what this 'last part' was. She rested her head on the table and clenched her jaw as the wax was applied between her buttocks.

Four swift motions later and the procedure was over. She was completely smooth from front to back, her soft teenage skin bearing no trace of the verdant black curls she had coveted. She suffered in silence as Gloria wiped the last traces of wax from around her asshole, feeling filthy as she wondered if her sex was still moist.

"Look Gloria, she's blowing kisses to me," Lauren laughed.
"Lauren you are so wicked," chuckled Gloria as she tidied away the apparatus used to denude the teenager, still perched on all fours. "Stop it, you're embarrassing the poor girl."

Katie froze knowing to what Lauren was referring. The position itself was lewd and revealing, one sluts adopted to be fucked from behind, she knew all about 'doggy style', but she had been tightening the muscles around her sphincter as an instinctive reaction to the waxing. She might have known Lauren was watching, but for her to comment was too much for the young girl. Her shoulders shuddered with the first choking sobs but she was adamant she would not cry in front of Gloria.

She just wanted to get dressed and leave. Right now she didn't even want to see what she looked like. In fact that was the last thing she wanted to see right now. It had been many years since she had grown hair down there and she dreaded seeing herself now. She had seen Lauren's bare sex of course and at the time she had found it exciting and sexy, but she was not Lauren. This was her body, her pussy. The changes Lauren was making had rammed home for the bewildered teen that it no longer belonged to her. What else had Lauren planned?

"You can get dressed now Katie, we're all finished. You were fantastic, one of the best. You should hear some of the women we get in here. And some of them have had babies! I'll leave you to it."

Katie breathed deeply when Gloria walked from the room. She was still on all fours, high up on the table. For some reason she felt she required Lauren's permission to move. She felt as if a huge weight had been lifted from her chest when she saw the beautician's black clad form, silently sweep through the door.

"Don't you look delicious," Lauren purred, sliding a finger along Katie's smooth slit, pressing gently along the join of her delicate lips, now free of all obstructions. Katie shivered at the touch, though still fearful that they would be interrupted. She bit her lip as Lauren slid a finger inside her, testing her moistness. A moment later the finger was at her other lips, her mouth parting and inviting the slimy digit inside. There was her answer, Katie mused as she tasted the cream of her arousal as she cleaned her owner's finger. Would she ever stop? Would Lauren want that?

"C'mon Kitty, you can't stay like that all day. Gloria's running a salon not a brothel. Get those panties back over that sweet little cunt, you have shown it off quite enough for now."

Katie slipped from the table, her movements far from graceful. She collected her panties and slid them on, marveling at the sensation they produced as they rested against her now smooth flesh.

"I'll take care of the bill. Meet me out front, and make sure you thank Gloria. I am sure she doesn't deal with too many sluts like you Kitty, you should have seen her face when she saw you were creaming up a storm."

Katie wanted to curl up in a corner as Lauren confirmed her worst fears. She knew it, how could anyone possibly feel any different. She was disgusted, anyone else was bound to feel it more strongly. She couldn't help it, she really couldn't. She hadn't even known. What she could or couldn't do was irrelevant, she knew. A complete stranger had seen her arousal, that was all that mattered. She didn't know if she could face Gloria again with that knowledge bouncing around inside her mind.

She felt strangely safe, protected, when she was back inside her dress. It felt so good to be clothed again. How the hell did people be nudists? They must be mental, she thought, as she took one last look around the small room where she had become a girl again.

When she stepped back into the main room of the salon, a strange atmosphere descended around her. She looked from woman to woman. They all knew! Had Gloria already told her tale or had it been Lauren? The furtive looks the other patrons darted towards her were filled with revulsion. Weren't they? Katie's cheeks bore the telltale scarlet mottling that told of her shame. She spotted Gloria at the counter and hurried up to her, desperate to get out of the salon, away from the judgment she felt weighing her down.

"Thank you very much Ma'am."
"You're welcome Katie, any friend of Lauren's is welcome here. We'll see you in three weeks."

Katie didn't know what to make of that so she smiled timidly and scurried from the store. Three weeks? For what? She couldn't need another haircut so soon? Did waxing only last three weeks? Where was Lauren?

She spotted her owner by a lingerie store, windowshopping. Katie hurried to her, not wanting to keep her waiting but not looking forward to the next part of the day Lauren had planned, though what could be worse than having all the hair ripped out of her pussy by the roots?

"You let Gloria know how much you appreciated her work?"
"Yes Miss," replied Katie, hoping she had.
"Good, I'm starving. Time for lunch. Do you like sushi?"
"Um, I have never had it before Miss."
"You've never had sushi but you had to think about your answer? What's with all this 'um' shit Kitty? It makes you sound stupid or that you're trying to hide something? Well?"
"U- I don't know Miss," Katie said plaintively. Lauren had been in a good mood all morning, she didn't want to upset her now.
"The next time you say 'um', you will be punished."
"Yes Miss," the teenager replied despondently and followed her owner through the mall to their next destination.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *

"Four prawn nagiri, two egg nagiri, six salmon and cucumber rolls, a bottle of coke and a bottle of water. Got all that Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"Here's some money, off you go."

She took the money from Lauren as her classmate sat comfortably at the table. Katie had not been allowed to sit, instead she had stood by her owner's side as she decided what to order. She knew that she would only be getting up a few moments later anyway, but being denied a seat had affected her more than she would have thought. She was serving her owner, that was all she could tell herself, though it did nothing to ease the humiliation she felt.

She tried to ignore the feeling as she ordered the sushi, focusing on the strange looking food Lauren had chosen. Raw fish? She knew it was popular, it was just that she had never really even thought of trying it. She had to admit that she wasn't very adventurous, with anything really, but especially food.

She carried the tray back to the table and placed it in front of Lauren. She placed the change in Lauren's outstretched hand and took up her position of attendance by her side.

"Sit." Katie obeyed. "No Kitty. You do not cross your legs. You should know this. Legs straight in front, without your knees touching. That's better."

Katie changed her position as Lauren leaned to one side to look under the table and supervise. She doubted anyone could see up her skirt, after all her legs were almost together, her knees only an inch apart but the possibility was there. Her eyes flicked nervously at each passerby, wondering just exactly what could be seen.

Lauren placed the bottle of water in front of Katie and took the coke for herself, taking a swig and enjoying the sensation of the bubbles fizzing against her teeth. Katie's plate soon held two prawn and one egg nagiri and two of the rolls. Lauren had taken more but Katie didn't mind, as if it would have mattered if she had felt differently.

Lauren began eating, devouring almost half her food before giving Katie the command to begin her own meal. Lauren indicated a roll first, then one each of the nagiri. Katie ate dutifully, taking small hesitant bites at first, but quickly discovering that she liked sushi.

"Well Kitty, do you like it?"
"Yes Miss I do, very much," replied Katie with a smile, knowing that her answer would please Lauren.
"Which one did you like the best?"
"The salmon roll Miss."
"I knew it, I could see you enjoying the taste almost as much as your pussycream."

Katie looked down at the table, her cheeks instantly developing two small patches of mottled scarlet. She hadn't even lowered her voice, the teen marvelled. She was sure some of the people at the other tables had heard.

"Drink half your water now Kitty."

Katie reached for the bottle without looking up, knowing that when she drank she would have no choice. As she tilted her head back she glanced at the people around her. None of them were looking her way. Was it because they were disgusted? Katie swallowed mouthful after mouthful until half the bottle had gone. She was almost past the point of being annoyed by having every tiny part of her life controlled, even down to the order in which she ate her food, but something small and unsettling still niggled at the back of her consciousness.

Katie finished her meal as Lauren nattered away about school and music. Katie was only half listening, unable to devote all her attention to the one-sided conversation. So much had happened that morning, she felt so different. She had a straight fringe now but she caught herself once or twice moving to brush the hair back from her face. It was a weird sensation.

"Anything wrong Kitty?"
"No Miss," Katie replied, instantly worried.
"I feel like I am talking to a statue instead of my pretty Kitty."
"Sorry Miss," Katie said, with real remorse. She hadn't realised she was allowed to speak, but she must have missed some unspoken cue. She had disappointed Lauren again. She had to break that habit, and quick, before Lauren had enough and was forced to punish her.

For the rest of the lunch Katie almost forget they were owner and slave. Lauren was so great to talk to, smart and witty and her laughter was infectious. Katie had rarely talked with her other friends like this. It was not until the end of the meal that Katie was reminded of her status.

Lauren reached over and grabbed Katie's bottle of water. She placed it on the edge of the table and leaned over it, her mouth almost touching the rim. Her hair was draped down either side of her face, hiding the bottle from the view of anyone not directly in front. Katie watched in horror as Lauren pursed her lips and sent a long string of saliva into the half-filled bottle. Lauren kept going, the ropey cascade, tinged with brown from the coke, dropping into her bottle. After what felt like five minutes Lauren handed the bottle back, a thick film of bubbly saliva swirling on top of the water.

"Drink up Kitty. We have things to do."

Katie reached gingerly for the bottle, unable to take her eyes off the frothy mass that was settling through the clear liquid of the still untainted spring water. Lauren had spat in her drink. She had just sat there and dribbled string after string of spit into her bottle. And now she was going to drink it. The thought made her gag. She couldn't. She looked at the slimy mess that was slowly coming apart inside the bottle, knowing this was too much.

She couldn't drink someone else's spit. She risked a glance at Lauren. Her owner was sitting there, face blank, maybe the merest hint of a frown. Katie knew she had no choice. If it was a decision between making Lauren angry and swallowing another person's spit, she knew there was no real choice at all. Besides, she told herself, she had licked Lauren's pussy, surely that was worse. Yeah that was no help, she thought. She could just slap herself for thinking of that.

Katie brought the bottle to her lips and tipped the first mouthful of her spit spritzer into her mouth. She gagged, almost spitting the water all over herself but she recovered just in time, swallowing the mouthful reluctantly.

"Kitty, a slave not only reveres the body of her owner but anything that comes from it. I am a little hurt and disappointed by this display. I had thought you had made more progress than this. I guess I shall just have to be a little harder with your training."

Katie could do nothing but swallow and swallow and swallow. She finished the bottle without stopping, her owner's words churning her emotions, spurring deep-seated feelings of inadequacy to the surface.

"If I pee in a glass, Kitty, you will drink it and smack your lips to show me it was the most delicious drink you have ever had."
"Yes Miss."

That was a joke. Katie knew she was joking, she was just making a point. She had been silly to become upset by the spit. It was no different than what was in her own mouth. It was the same, she told herself. It wasn&#8217;t. 

She had risked upsetting Lauren over that! She could be so fucking stupid sometimes. She was getting a little tired of promising herself to do better, she couldn't imagine how frustrated Lauren must be with her.

"Good girl Kitty, but next time I tell you to eat or drink you obey without pause. I decide what goes in and when and what comes out and when. Got it?"
"Yes Miss," Katie agreed, eager for Lauren to believe her.
"Come Kitty."

Katie hurried after Lauren who was already walking purposefully away from the table. Katie knew where they were headed. She remembered the lingerie store that Lauren had been interested in and she guessed that Lauren would not be buying for herself. It couldn't be too bad, Katie reasoned. At least she might get some more clothes to replace part of her heavily depleted wardrobe.

This time Lauren did not wait outside but instead strode boldly into the store, moving straight to the section devoted to panties. Katie stood mutely by as Lauren browsed, choosing only the smallest, sexiest designs. When she had a handful she took Katie's hand and led her to the change rooms.

"Take these Kitty, and these. You're only allowed to try underwear on over your own panties so wear those. It's especially necessary for you Kitty," Lauren added pointedly. "I'll take your purse, you won't be needing that in there. I think I have chosen your size but you never know Kitty."

Lauren put the pile of panties in one hand and exchanged her small purse for a tiny, weird g-string. Katie entered one of the small change cubicles and shut the door behind her. She was a little surprised that Lauren waited outside, but as Katie hung all the panties on a hook she looked around her, realising that two in the cubicle would have been a very tight squeeze.

She removed her dress and panties, stopping when she caught a glimpse of her freshly denuded pussy in the mirror. She couldn't help but stop. She had guessed what she would look like, using Lauren's smooth sex as a guide. It was not the same, not at all. Her lips were much fuller, plumper, forming a prominent pink mound that had a sheen like satin.

Compared to Lauren she had a fat pussy and she wondered if it was normal. It was so weird to see herself like this, she felt like a little girl again. On Lauren it looked sexy and right, so right. On her, well her breasts were now the only thing that showed she had blossomed into a woman, but right now they did not feel like enough. She felt little, vulnerable, wanting more than anything for someone to look after her.

She unfolded the tiny crumple of material that Lauren had given her to wear. It was the smallest g-string she had ever seen. The crotch was a small triangle of flesh coloured material that would barely cover her sex and the straps were made from a clear plastic. Once she had them on she glanced at herself in the mirror. It appeared as if she wasn't wearing anything at all, which was obviously the whole idea.

Katie selected the first garment Lauren had chosen for her, a small pair of full briefs in a striking red and black stripe pattern. It felt a little strange wearing two pairs of panties but the under-panties, as she had termed them, didn't really feel like much at all. The young girl looked at herself in the mirror. They fit, she guessed. They were really small, barely coming up past the top of her sex, the waistband sitting well below her hipbones. The full brief covered her ass but the pair was a little tight, though the material felt a little stretchy so maybe that was the style.

"Kitty, what are you doing in there?"
"The first pair fits Miss," Katie said through the slats of the closed door.
"I will be the judge of that Kitty, come out here."

Katie glared at herself in the mirror. So that's what I look like when I'm scared. There had only been one other woman in the store when they came in, but that meant nothing. The store could be full of hundreds now, though admittedly she couldn't hear them. Surely she wouldn't be allowed to go out there into the store, wearing only her underwear. The staff wouldn't let her, she would get in trouble for sure.

She couldn't keep Lauren waiting much longer. If she tried to fight it she would get in trouble with her owner and she would be made to do it eventually anyway. She had to get it through her thick skull that whether she wanted to do something or not no longer mattered. Everybody had to do things they didn't want to do right. She just had to think of it like that. Yeah but other girls had to do the dishes or take out the garbage, not eat another girl's pussy or parade around a public place half naked. She was nothing like other girls,&nbsp; not anymore.

Her hand rested on the doorhandle for what felt like an eternity before she edged it open slightly. She poked her head out of the cubicle but could not see Lauren anywhere. The change rooms were at the very back of the store and off to one side but Lauren was not in sight. She edged out further, babystepping her way into the store, craning her neck to spot her owner. It was only when her entire body was out of the safety of her cubicle that she whispered for Lauren.

"Miss," Katie said a little louder, one hand still touching the door, holding on for all the world to her lifeline to safety. Katie almost fainted with relief when Lauren came sauntering in to view.
"I thought you were never coming out Kitty. It was very naughty to keep me waiting."
"Sorry Miss."

Katie's cheeks grew pink as she was chastised openly. Her hands fidgeted nervously in front of her body until she noticed Laurens' frown and shyly moved them to her side. When the frown remained she self-consciously moved her hands behind her back, glancing furtively around the store to see if her humiliation was being witnessed. One of the staff, a middle aged woman, was looking her way inquisitively. Please don't come over, please don't come over, Katie chanted looking away timidly.

"Cute much!" Lauren exclaimed. "Turn around. Oh they are a definite yes. Let's see the others. And Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied anxiously.
"If I have to wait again I just might be on the other side of the shop."

Katie scurried back into her cubicle and removed the panties in one swift motion, hanging them from a spare hook. The next pair were similar in style but they were a delicate pastel pink with the words 'EAT ME' in an elaborate calligraphic font across the front. These were cute but they also screamed 'slut' to the demure teen. She really didn't want to go out into the store wearing these but she had no time to deliberate.

Thankfully Lauren was there when she opened the door. She exited the small stall, twirled for her owner's appreciation and was given another 'yes'. The next two changes went smoothly, one pair meeting with Lauren's approval and the other deemed unsatisfactory. Katie's composure came tumbling down the next time she exited the cubicle. She was modelling a pair of culottes, almost all lace. She really, really didn't want to leave the stall wearing these. When she did, instead of Lauren, a man stared back at her.

Katie froze, dumbfounded. The man, in his late thirties, was as surprised as Katie, but not too stunned to realise what he had been offered. His eyes flicked up and down Katie's soft teenage body, a smile creeping unconsciously across his face. He quickly remembered where he was and who he was with and his attention snapped back to a closed cubicle which no doubt held his wife or girlfriend.

Katie looked frantically for Lauren. She spotted her at the end of the row of changing rooms, looking through small babydoll nighties. When she saw Katie had reappeared, she casually made her way back to the stalls.

"Very nice Kitty. Turn around." Katie turned smoothly, pivoting on the ball of her left foot. Her arms shifted as she twirled, moving from behind her back and flaring out daintily at her sides, her hands bending out horizontally at the wrist. She was the perfect picture of girlish innocence and she did not even realise what she was doing. "I say yes to those."

Lauren noticed the guy sneaking surreptitious glances at Katie as he waited. She smiled, knowing he would cop a ton of crap if he was caught, but she couldn't blame him. Who could resist such a sexy little slut.

Katie closed the door behind her and rested her head against the wall. She pressed her hands against the wall beside her head when she discovered them trembling. Her face burned with the shame and she knew what she would see if she looked in the mirror: her cheeks two blazing vermillion spots. She may as well have been naked out there, she could still feel the hungry eyes scouring her young body.

She had no time, she never had enough time. She quickly stripped the lacey underwear and put the next pair on; a small pair of light blue boy-shorts. These looked incredibly tiny, more like little-girl shorts than anything that could be made for her body. She removed them from the hanger and eased them up her legs. When she pulled them tight up against her crotch, the material stretched to accomodate her curves. The impossibly small garment covered her body like a second skin, barely covering the top of her buttocks and allowing the soft flesh to peek out underneath.

Katie was thankful that Lauren was waiting directly outside her cubicle. The man was still there but as she modelled the new pair of panties for her owner his wife came out of her own stall and glared at Katie. She quickly looked away but the malevolent stare was burned into her memory. She could read every emotion in that short look and they all said the same thing 'slut'. She tried to ignore the feeling and focus on Lauren.

"Q...T...Pie, Kitty. It's so pretty how those ones show off your lips. Look in the big mirror," Lauren ordered.

Katie turned and faced the large full length mirror that covered the wall at the end of the change room corridor. Even from five feet away she could see the seam of the shorts had slipped up between her pussylips, separating and cupping each plump labia. Despite wearing the small g-string underneath, the outline of her entire pussy could be seen as if the panties were merely painted on.

"Not leaving much to the imagination Kitty," Lauren chuckled.

As Katie snuck back into her dressing room she noticed three young girls headed her way. Two of them looked familiar, but they definitely weren't in her grade. She hoped they would be gone, or all changing when she had to model the final pair that Lauren had chosen. She looked at the tiny triangle of material and paled. The last pair was a small, sheer pink thong. Even with the material hanging on the wall she could see through it.

Katie looked at herself in the mirror before she stepped out to gain Lauren's approval for the final time. If she didn't know better she would have sworn she could see her sex through the translucent material. The only thing preventing it was the small triangle of flesh coloured material. This needed to happen quickly. She couldn't be exposed in this for too long, she just couldn't.

Lauren wasn't there. She fucking knew it. She knew it would not end easily. But had she taken too long?&nbsp; Or was Lauren just playing with her. Did it really matter? The result was the same, she would have to go looking for her, wearing almost nothing.

"Jesus!"

Katie spun around to see one of the teenagers, a girl maybe her age, maybe a year older, staring at her. Her stomach tightened and her cheeks became painfully hot. She hurried out to the end of the corridor looking frantically for any sign of Lauren. The words 'little slut' did not get missed as Katie stepped into the main part of the store. If she went much further she was in danger of being seen through the glass windows that fronted of the store. She spotted Lauren in the middle of the shop, browsing through bras, her back turned to the desperate teen.

"Miss," Katie whispered. "Miss," she said louder, growing frantic as Lauren failed to acknowledge her. She could hear giggles and whispers from behind her but she dared not turn to see. There was nothing else she could do, she had to get to Lauren.

Katie looked quickly left to right, then hurried out to her owner. She could be seen by anyone passing by the store now and the fear of being caught by someone she knew was palpable. She was breathing heavily by the time she reached Lauren's side.

"This is the last pair Miss," the young girl mumbled, the panic that was rising inside her, seeping into her voice.
"Yes very nice Kitty. Pink really suits-"
"Excuse me. You can't be out here like that. We have change rooms for a reason."

Katie almost died when the woman spoke. She kept her eyes on the floor, unwilling and unable, to look at her. Her knees trembled as the adrenalin coursed through her. She was ready to run. She wanted nothing more than to get back to the safety of the change room and get back into her dress. She could see other people in the store had stopped to look, her degradation finding an audience. She couldn't leave without Lauren's permission, no matter how much she desired it.

"Don't just stand there Kitty, apologise to the nice lady. Then hurry up, I still want to get to the bookstore, we can't spend the whole day getting stuff for you."
"Sorry Ma'am," Katie mumbled to the indignant woman before running back to the change rooms.

She collapsed into the corner of the cubicle, the humiliation blocking all her other thoughts, sending the young girl into a state of numbed shock. How many people had watched that? How many had seen her parade her young body half-naked through the store. It was a lingerie store but still, you didn't expect to see some slut actually walking around in her underwear. She was so stunned it took her a few moments to realise she was still half-naked and her dress was mere inches away.

She dressed in record time, her dress felt like a shield that would protect her. It was strange how her perspective on clothing had changed. When your life was no longer your own, when your state of undress was controlled by another, no matter the circumstance, being allowed to clothe yourself like a normal person, like a 16 year old girl instead of some horny slut, felt like an amazing privilege.

"Kitty, go and pay for those and thank the staff for being so understanding with you."

Katie took the money and carried the pile of panties to the counter. She had to wait as one of the other young girls purchased a bra. She shuffled nervously as her two friends looked at Katie, studying her.

"You're Katie Thomas right?"
"Y... yes," Katie stammered after quickly discarding silence as an option. The girl looked familiar but Katie could still not place her.
"Told you Tanya, wait till I tell Bobby."

That was it, Bobby Preston. This was his sister, Melinda. Holy shit, she was going to tell Bobby Preston what she had seen. Preston was a bastard, a smarmy little shit that all the girls hated. He thought he was he was some kind of alpha dog but he was really just a pathetic little creep. But now that pathetic little creep would know she was a slut. She quickly searched her brain for some way out, but there was nothing. The girls had turned their back on her once her identity had been confirmed, whispering quietly to each other. Katie could imagine what they were saying. She was sure she could make out the words 'slut' and 'tease' often. They mercifully moved away once their transaction was completed and Katie stepped to the counter with her selection of sexy underwear.

The anxious teenager shuffled demurely as the woman scanned each pair of panties and removed them from the hangers. She had been chatting with the other girls before her but with Katie she remained silent. Katie knew she didn't want to have anything to do with her, and she didn't blame her. Still, it wasn't a nice feeling, and small tears welled in her eyes as she thought about what she had done and what people must have thought of her, but she couldn't blame them, any of them. She would have done exactly the same. That was what made it so hard to bear the humiliation.

She paid and collected the small bag without a word from the attendant but Katie could not leave without thanking the staff. She didn't want to say anything, she just wanted to leave and forget she had ever been here. She had been ordered to thank them and they deserved it, she knew.

"Thank you for being so patient and understanding with me Ma'am."
"Just consider yourself lucky I didn't call security."

It was the response she had expected and the words echoed in her brain as she hurried from the store to meet Lauren. No one knew that it wasn't really her doing these things. No one knew she was being forced. She understood though. It didn't look like anyone was controlling her. It just looked like she was a little slut that&#8217;s all. It just looked like it. She repeated it over and over as she hurried over to her owner.

Lauren was browsing the science fiction section of the bookstore, picking up a book every now and then and reading the back. Katie stood beside her quietly, waiting to be acknowledged. She glanced furtively around the store looking at the rows of books and the people browsing. She only dared peek as she knew that she needed to be ready in case Lauren wanted her.

It was one of the hardest things to cope with she mused, being ignored as if she was of no consequence - as if she was a piece of furniture. It was one of the hardest things, though with everything that had happened to her, everything she had been forced to do, it wasn't the hardest. It hurt, but in different ways. She could still feel the dull ache from the abuse her buttocks had endured. The emotional pain of being treated like she was nothing would pass, though right now it made her feel terribly small.

She couldn't shake the feeling that she really didn't matter. She knew it was stupid but it was hard to feel anything else when Lauren was standing a foot away, ignoring her as if she was invisible. There were times when she thought Lauren really liked her and then there were times like this.

Katie followed her owner around the bookstore, taking tiny babysteps to keep close as Lauren browsed. She tried to take an interest in what Lauren was selecting but it all looked so foreign. She trailed obediently behind her classmate, following all the way to the counter where Lauren purchased a book with sinuous, curving octopus tentacles on the cover. Her purchase made, she handed the book out absently for Katie to collect. That was her acknowledgement? She took the package sulkily and hastened out of the store.

"Well Kitty, haven't you done well for yourself today? You are spoiled aren't you?"
"Yes Miss, thank you for spoiling me."
"Oh Kitty, aren't you sweet. I promised you a treat didn't I?
"Yes Miss," Katie said&nbsp; excitedly, though a slight cloud of misgiving tinged her hesitant joy.

Would it really be a treat or would it simply be something that Lauren would enjoy, no doubt at her expense. The candy store into which Lauren led her was filled with shelf upon shelf of brightly coloured confectionary. The store was full of people filling their own bags from the myriad containers, scooping out a cornucopia of candy tailored to their taste.

Katie had been in here once before. Her friends had filled their bags with everything they could, while she had stuck to two varieties. She just liked what she liked was all. She didn't think she was boring, though her friends had teased her. Lauren bypassed the multicoloured wall of temptation and chose two lollipops from the counter. She handed them both to Katie while she paid. Lollipops weren't her favourite type of candy but she remembered something her grandma used to say, 'beggars can't be choosers'. She was a slave, so she guessed that was even lower than a beggar. She should be grateful for anything she was given. Lauren seemed keen to change her body shape and from the evidence so far, a strict diet was going to be part of that.

"Unwrap them Kitty," Lauren ordered once they were out of the store. Katie obeyed, struggling to juggle the bags she was carrying and remove the plastic wrapping around the head of each lollipop.
"Mine is watermelon flavoured Kitty. Yours is cherry. The colour goes with the beautiful shade of red of your cheeks," Lauren smiled.

Katie blushed as if on cue, cursing herself as she felt the warmth spread into her face. Lauren laughed softly as Katie obliged her with the exact response she had wanted. Why was she like this? Katie hated that she was so predictable, hated that her body was so out of her control. It was at times like this that it seemed as if Lauren really did have some kind of strange power over her, much more than just telling her what to do.

Lauren took the dark red lollipop from Katie and popped it in her mouth. "Mmm, that cherry is delicious," she said after she pulled it slowly from her mouth, the red candy globe forcing it's way sensuously passed her shining pink lips. Katie took back the glistening lollipop and relinquished the remaining stick to her owner. Katie had quickly caught the petulant look that crept over her face when Lauren tasted her lollipop first, caught it before Lauren saw, or so she hoped.

"You may have your treat Kitty."
"Thank you Miss," replied Katie, wasting no time in getting the shiny red orb into her mouth.

The sugary sweetness was heavenly. She couldn't believe how good it tasted. She didn't eat candy all that often but she had to admit that it was rare for too many days to pass without her having something after dinner, not a lot just something nice and sweet. She knew she couldn't be too wrong in guessing that those days were over. All the more reason to savour the opportunity she was being given now.

"Come Kitty, I need to go."

The moment the words were out of Lauren's mouth, Katie realised that she also needed to pee. She hadn't gone since early that morning and that large bottle of water at lunch was way more than she usually drank. She didn't want to ask, but she knew she had to. It brought home to her just how her life had changed, as if she needed reminding.

"May I pee please Miss," Katie said, endeavouring to be as quiet as she could, her words coming out in a demure hush that sent a thrill through Lauren.
"Have you been a good girl today Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied sincerely, though a little too quick for her own liking.
"I agree Kitty and you have been rewarded," Lauren said, swirling her tongue around her own lollipop. "Tell you what, you have permission to play with your pussy in a stall. When you have a nice little dollop of cream, you come and show me. Then you may pee. How does that sound?"
"Good Miss," the stunned teen replied almost robotically.

Lauren smirked at the obvious lack of enthusiasm in her young charge. She should be grateful and eager to please but Lauren couldn't fault her too deeply. She was at such an early stage in her training that Lauren was constantly amazed at how malleable she had already become. She was still fighting it, still not convinced of her place. She had to be patient. All good things come to those who wait.

The restroom was almost empty as the two teenagers pushed through the inner door. Lauren had chosen the restroom near the boutique clothing stores and it was much nicer, especially when compared to those of the cinema. Katie didn't care about the dcor though, her thoughts focused entirely on what she had to do.

The butterflies in her belly had gone hyperactive when she heard a group of girls come in the door behind her. Katie rushed into a stall and closed the door before any of the girls had a chance to see her. She stood in the stall, looking forlornly at the white tiles of the back wall, trying to build up the courage to masturbate in this strange, public place.

She heard movement in the stall next to hers and realised that Lauren was not wasting any time. It spurred her into action. She hung the shopping from a hook on the door, hiked her dress up over her hips and slid her panties off hanging them on the hook as well. She took a deep breath, opened her purse and removed her glass dildo and looked at it for a few seconds. She marvelled at how the thick curved glass distorted whatever was on the other side.

She thought back to when she had first bought it and had watched it slide into her pussy through a small hand mirror, the decadence of it almost making her come then and there. She banished the wanton thoughts and&nbsp; lifted her leg, placing one heeled shoe on top of the toilet.

Katie slid the cool glass shaft along her newly smooth lips, reveling in the feel of the sensation despite her predicament. She tried to block out all other thoughts and focus on what she had to do. The inane chattering of the other girls didn't help but as the bumps along the shaft slipped across her clit, hidden safely behind it's delicate hood, she felt herself moisten.

She dipped the tip inside her, the smallest globe pushing through the silken lips with ease. Katie bit back a moan, desperate to stay silent. Once the initial penetration had been made, the young girl plunged ahead, thrusting the unforgiving shaft with increasing speed. Small, muted moans escaped, in spite of her best efforts to remain silent. Her eyes had closed at the first intrusion into her intimate cleft but when she heard the toilet in Lauren's stall flush they snapped open.

She was wet, yes, but she was nowhere near being able to produce enough cream to satisfy her owner. She wasn't entirely sure how big a 'dollop' was but it was more than the tiny smear of white ooze that had collected in the ridges of the dildo. Katie brought her other hand down and began massaging her clit; small, tender strokes at first but quickly becoming faster and more insistent as her need grew.

She heard Lauren's stall door open and tried not to panic. She took the dildo out of her sex and put it in her mouth, tasting herself, her nostrils filling with the pungent aroma of her musk. She closed her lips around the third bump and speared two fingers into the heat between her legs. She curled her fingers, teasing the delicate folds along the front wall of her vagina, her passion growing with each practiced stroke.

She watched, caught in the moment, as her fingers thrust in and out of her puffy pink lips. Even in her heightened state of arousal she couldn't help but think about how different she looked, how amazing the smoothness of her bared lips felt under her fingers. Katie slid her fingers out and looked at the accumulated cream that coated each one.

It was enough. Was it enough? It had to be. She reached down and scraped the tips of her fingers inside her pussy, the prominent lips, her arousal turning them a dark shade of pink and highly sensitive to her touch. Her fingers came away with even more white slime coating them, a large blob of which sat along the crease of her first knuckle.

Katie took her foot down from toilet and straightened her dress with her left hand. Her right was unusable. How was she supposed to dress and get out to Lauren? First things first. She quickly cleaned the dildo, licking off all trace of her arousal and placing it back in her small purse. It still smelt of her sex and she cringed to think that her purse would now be forever tainted.

It was a frustrating struggle to get her panties back on, inching them up her legs, tugging one side at a time while she held her right hand out, well away from her body not wanting to lose the cream that she needed to show her owner. After what seemed an age her panties were on, not comfortably, turned a little sideways and crumpled, but it was all she could manage. She scooped up the shopping bags and flung back the door.

Katie stopped. She was confronted by a goggle-eyed trio of young girls, much younger than her, 14 at the most. They stared at Katie as if the abominable snowman had just emerged from a stall, juggling three midgets and wearing a tutu. Katie's right hand flew behind her back, attempting to hide her shame. The guilty movement broke the moment and the three young girls dashed from the room, their excited whispers like needles in Katie's ears.

It was only then that she noticed that Lauren was not there. She had taken too long. She had taken too fucking long. She checked the stalls in despair but only one was occupied and a middle aged woman emerged from that moments later, shooting a quizzical look Katie's way. The flustered teen could not meet the eyes of the older woman, keenly aware that from her very posture it was obvious what she had done.

Katie almost ran from the restroom, keeping her right hand by her side, her fingers curled inward to protect the creamy secretions of her cunt. She slowed once she reached the outside, striding purposefully down the small corridor that led to the main thoroughfare of the mall. She brushed passed a handsome guy whose eyes slid up and down her body.

Katie's face almost burst into flame. She looked away, unable to bear the humiliation, convinced that he could see some evidence of her arousal, smell her musk, know the degrading act she had performed in the toilet. When she reached the mall she looked around desperately for Lauren. She couldn't bear this. She was tempted, oh so tempted, to wipe her fingers and accept whatever punishment that was coming.

Somehow she did not. She continued scanning the mall for her owner, shuffling absently sideways, trying to melt into the wall and become inconspicuous. People were staring at her now and she became ever more frantic with each passing moment. Security was going to come any minute and take her away, she was sure of it. The humiliation she felt was a physical pain that constricted her chest, making her breathing ragged.

Thank you, thank you, thank you. Fucking thank you, she chanted once she had spotted Lauren far down on her left, at least four shops away. The relief brought small salty tears to her eyes and she walked slowly and purposefully towards her, not wanting to attract any more attention, as if that were possible.

"Enjoy yourself did you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie mumbled.
"Well?" Katie held out her hand shyly, keeping it low and unfurling her fingers at the last moment. "What are you showing me Kitty?"
"Ah my... ah my pussy cream Miss," Katie whispered hesitantly.
"Well show me Kitty, don't hide it down there."

Katie lifted her hand slowly until it was breast height between the two girls. Lauren looked at it critically, judging whether Katie had satisfied the strictures of the task. The quivering young girl held her breath, daring a glance around the mall as she waited. A few people looked at the strange tableaux presented by the two teenage girls and she quickly lowered her gaze, desperate not to add to her humiliation by seeing the bright light of clarity behind any of the passing stranger's eyes.

"Well Kitty, I suppose that's a dollop. You may eat it and then we probably should be going."

Katie's eyes widened at what she heard. Going? She needed to pee now more than ever. She had done what she was told. She was sure she had pleased Lauren. It wasn't fair.

"Kitty," Lauren said sharply. Katie popped her fingers into her mouth and began cleaning the thick cream with her tongue. The lollipop still protruded from her mouth, the candied head now shrunk to a nub, barely coating the stick. "You seriously didn't think your request would be granted did you. You made me wait Kitty. Not acceptable. If you can't get something done in an appropriate time, you accept your failure and remember your priorities. Now get moving. Your Dad'll be waiting."

It wasn&#8217;t fair. How was she supposed to know? She had half a mind to turn right around and just go. Of course that was just a childish outburst of petulance, she would do nothing of the sort. She would do as she was told though the frustration she felt was making it hard for her to focus on anything else.

She needed to pee, badly, and the more she thought about it the worse it got. It was not only that need that was making her fidget and frustrated. Her arousal remained high, tapering off only slightly after her pleasure-filled foray in the toilet had ended. The combination, all seated in the plump mound between her legs left her breathing shallow and a deep sense of injustice impinging on her thoughts.

It wasn&#8217;t fair. It wasn&#8217;t right. She had never done anything so bad that would warrant this kind of treatment. She didn&#8217;t deserve this kind of life. Katie trudged along behind Lauren, her feet landing heavily with each step, her mood manifesting itself in subtle ways that not even she was aware of. At least they were going home. But did that really mean much? She would be alone with Lauren again. She ignored the thrill that pulsed through her at the thought, pushing it deep down, focusing instead on the throb of her bladder and the liquid feel of her panties rubbing across her smooth, cream-slick sex.

She could feel the heat in her cheeks, more from arousal now the humiliation had lessened. She still did not dare to look at the face of any of the passing strangers. She kept her eyes downcast, not wanting to have her fears confirmed. She hoped and prayed she could calm down enough before her father arrived. 









Chapter 8. Kitty Overcome

"That's my girl." 

Katie squirmed as she felt her heart race at the praise. Lauren was stretched out comfortably across her bed, reading her new book. Her feet hung off the edge of the bed, dangling in space, providing the young girl with the access she needed. 

Katie put her lips back against the soft flesh of Lauren's feet, covering them with kisses. She had been attending her owner for more than half an hour, kneeling on the floor of her room. The moment the door had closed, Lauren had ordered her to remove her dress and shoes, she had lain on the bed, piling up the pillows and getting comfortable before ordering Katie to remove her shoes. 

It had felt strange to undress another person: to adopt a position of such submission, untie and remove the shoes with such care. The first touch of her lips had been tentative, unsure. Lauren's command had been simple: "kiss my feet". Katie had complied, eager to wash away the bad feelings her earlier failure at the mall had caused. The shadow of Lauren's disappointment had cast a pall over her the entire ride home. She had done her best to answer her father's questions and seem her usual perky self but her thoughts were dominated by Lauren. 

She shifted her focus to Lauren's other foot, placing a series of gentle kisses from her toes to her ankle. She moved back down, kissed the tip of each toe. When Lauren's foot twitched, her toes pulling back towards her body, Katie knew instinctively what was required. She hunched her body lower, to reach under the hanging foot. She rested her shoulder on the floor and twisted her face to one side. It would be so much easier if she could use her hands but they had been tied behind her, the soft black ropes covering her wrists. 

Lauren giggled when the teenager's soft lips made contact with the underside of her foot. Her feet were only a little ticklish and Katie's mouth felt so delicious she was determined to keep her foot still. She had read the first page of the book at least three times before she had settled down enough to focus. Having a cute young girl service her so attentively, kiss her feet with such tenderness, had been overwhelming at first. 

Katie's enthusiasm had flagged once or twice but it had only taken a word to refresh her fervour. Lauren was impressed with her slave, the brief words of approval well deserved. She relaxed back into the pillows and continued to read. She could do this for hours, and she knew Katie could too. Of course what her property could and couldn't do was now safely within her domain. 

Katie tasted the sweat on Lauren's feet as she continued to cover the arch with kisses. Without being told, simply feeling it was right, she switched to Lauren's other foot and continued her service. She knew what she was being forced to do was demeaning, she had fought with it for the first ten minutes, despising her own weakness. She had been allowed to keep her underwear on and for that she was grateful, though she knew it had nothing to do with her. If Lauren wanted her nude then she would be nude. 

As time passed and she bathed her owner's feet in kisses, the degradation hadn't lessened exactly, it had just... She didn't really know what. It had changed. She still felt terrible but she.. She didn't want to admit it, but she seemed to have as little control over her thoughts as she did of her body. She felt small and unimportant still, but now it felt like it was where she belonged. She knew it was stupid and wrong and she knew with just a little time to herself she could get her head right. All that didn't change the fact of how she felt, right here, right now. She knew that if she had a choice she would not be here doing this and that realisation only made it worse, reinforcing that this was not of her choosing, that she was a possession. 

Lauren had promised herself that she would only read the first chapter but she felt so content and satisfied that she continued reading for two more. When she had read her fill, she put the book down, closed her eyes and lay back to enjoy Katie's soft, attentive mouth. The little slut had grown bold, her tongue sneaking between her parted lips to caress Lauren's foot every now and then. She had definitely lost her initial misgivings, showing a spirit that Lauren had known was there.&nbsp; 

"Katie honey." Katie froze for the briefest of moments but then pressed her lips once again to Lauren's flesh. 
"Answer Kitty," Lauren whispered. 
"Yeah Dad?" Katie said loudly, kissing the side of Lauren's left foot. 
"Don't forget you need to walk Max, it's getting late." 
"Ok Dad." 

Katie's voice trembled. She had totally forgotten the dog was her responsibility on the weekend. She had tried her hardest to block him out entirely. She didn't hold any ill will for him, it was just... No it wasn't just anything. It is your fault, no one else&#8217;s, Katie scolded as she switched feet again. 

"Kitty, it seems you have chores. Do you only walk Max once a week?" 
"Yes Miss." 
"Well Kitty from now on, you will walk him every single day, unless I provide you with other duties. Put on that cute little exercise outfit and your sneakers." 

Katie did as she was told, noting the stain her discharge had left on the crotch of her panties as she removed them. She folded them neatly, glad that Lauren had not seen them and told her to clean the mess she had made. She was still frustrated and she still needed to pee, badly. It had subsided for a while but kneeling on her floor for so long had brought the sensation back with a vengeance. 

While she had been busy with her own outfit, Lauren had also dressed. She was coming with her. She didn't know quite how to feel about that. This would not be an ordinary walk. She had to do something about her painful bladder before they left. She couldn't stand it any longer. The danger of peeing her pants had become very real for the young girl. 

"May I pee please Miss," Katie ventured meekly once she had resumed the attention position in the centre of her bedroom. 
"Yes Kitty you may. You have been a good girl since we got home. If only you were this well behaved all the time." 

Katie thanked her owner and hurried into the bathroom. Was her being allowed to pee now dependent on her behaviour? Was asking to go not enough? Was needing to go not enough? The yellow flow burst from her in a torrent, the sense of relief it brought a form of pleasure in itself. She watched through her widely spread legs as her bladder emptied. She hadn't even thought about opening her legs and putting her hands behind her back once she was seated. Had she really gone that far down the path? And what exactly did it mean if she had? 

The confused teen stared at her collar as she washed her hands, wondering if she would ever again see her neck without the shiny metal band. Lauren was waiting for her downstairs, Max's lead in her hands. Katie looked at the long length of tightly-woven, brightly-coloured rope and could not help but imagine it attached to her own collar, Lauren walking her through the streets. 

"Come on Kitty, we are going to have to move it if we're going to walk the six block circuit before it gets too dark," Lauren said handing her the leash. 

Six blocks! It had been a long day and this walk was not going to be a leisurely stroll. She would have to be walking fast to get back in time. She only ever took Max two blocks and then came back, then again she was lazy. Max always wanted more. For once Katie took the lead, stepping out into the backyard. She didn't need to call Max, the dog came bounding over at the sound of the opening door. 

Katie had strictly avoided the family pet all week. Ever since the first text Lauren had sent her she had been unable to face him. She knew it wasn't his fault, she knew her treatment wasn't fair but life wasn't fair. Look at her own life, fair was not a word that applied to her anymore. Max's tail wagged furiously as he danced around the two teenage girls. 

"Hey Maxxy," Lauren said, squatting down and ruffling the neck of the excited dog. "Aren't you going to introduce us Kitty?" 
"Miss this is Max, Max this is... my owner," Katie said, looking down at her shuffling feet. 
"Nice to meet you Max," Lauren said. "We have a lot in common Max, we're both interested this pussy for a start," Lauren said smirking.&nbsp; 

Katie almost died. She spun around, nervously checking to see if anyone else could have heard. This was exactly what she had feared. She had hoped Lauren&#8217;s visit would pass without her ever seeing the dog, knowing as she did so that her hope was futile. 

&#8220;What kind of dog is he Kitty?&#8221; 
&#8220;A Rhodesian Ridgeback Miss.&#8221; 
&#8220;Cool, I have never heard of them before. Aren&#8217;t you a handsome one though Maxxy. No wonder this little slut couldn&#8217;t resist you.&#8221; 

Katie shuffled her feet impatiently, eager to be away from the house. She had shut the door behind her but there was no telling who was around. Lauren seemed not to care what she said or who heard, talking about her and Max as if it wasn&#8217;t a big deal. Her humiliation warred only with the mind-numbing fear that blanketed the poor teen for complete supremacy of her mind. Why was Lauren being like this? She had been a good girl hadn&#8217;t she? She had kissed her owner&#8217;s feet lovingly, covering every inch of tender flesh. 

"Let's go Kitty, we can get a little more acquainted as we walk." 
"Come Max," Katie said, attaching the leash and pulling the dog toward the gate. 
"Kitty, you do not tell anyone what to do. You are owned by me, Kitty. That means that everyone is your superior unless I tell you otherwise. Do you understand?" 
"Yes Miss." 
"Well Kitty that means that you ask Max, not tell him." 

"Yes Miss. Let's go for a walk please Max," Katie tried again, tiny tears welling in her pretty green eyes. So now she was lower than a dog? How was that supposed to work? What was next asking squirrel's for permission to sit under a tree? 

Max was a pet. How could she ask an animal to do things? Well wasn't she a pet too? Lauren treated her like one and she wore a collar. 

Max ran along beside her until they reached the gate, eager for the exercise and excited not only by a new person but just to see Katie again after so long. When they stopped at the gate he edged forward and nuzzled the young girl's crotch, homing in on the strong musk that emanated from her moist sex. Mortified, Katie pushed his muzzle away, desperate to hide the act from Lauren. 

"Kitty, did I just see what I thought I saw! After I had just explained your place. You said you understood Kitty, I see that was a lie." 

Katie stood frozen, one hand on the gate latch, the other holding Max's leash. Surely Lauren couldn't be serious. It was one thing treating an animal like a person and asking instead of telling, but allowing it to... Yes she had started it all, but that wasn't the point. She couldn't just let the dog do what it wanted to her... to her sex. 

As Lauren chastised her, Max zoned in on her pussy once again, unable to resist the lure of the scent of the young girl's arousal. He didn't know any better, he just knew it was an intriguing smell, one that he wanted more of. Katie's eyes darted manically around the backyard, the thought of someone seeing her allow a dog to sniff at her crotch, making her frantic. Every fibre of her being screamed at her to push the snuffling snout away. There was only one thin layer of material between her and Max's questing muzzle. 

"Kitty, you will be punished later for your lies. If you don't understand something, that's ok. You can be a really dumb bitch sometimes Kitty. Max doesn't know any better, he only wants another taste of your goods. It's only natural. He cannot have it of course, not unless I give my permission. I own you now and your cunt is not something you can grant anyone access to. You understand that at least don't you Kitty?" 

"Yes Miss," Katie spat, almost completely preoccupied by the insistent pushing of the wet dog nose into her crotch. 
"You do not have access to that cunt unless I allow it. Forget that Kitty and you will make me unhappy. You don't want to do that now do you?" 
"No Miss," Katie replied sincerely as the tears rolled down her face. Thankfully Max had finally lost interest in her pussy and was now pushing at the gate, eager to get out. 
"You just think about what you are Kitty. Your behaviour has been all over the place lately. You need a few lessons in humility I think. Do you know what that word means Kitty?" 
"No Miss." 

"Well that can be something for you to research. A slave always seeks to improve herself so she can better serve her owner. That's what you should be thinking about, always. Walk." 

They were out the gate and down the block before Katie snapped back to reality. Lauren's admonishment had left her in a daze. She was still having a hard time accepting her fate. It had been easier when it was just her and Lauren, serving another girl was hard, but she had been adjusting, doing her best to accommodate Lauren's moods and needs. But knowing that Lauren had decided she was lower than a dog was just not something she was able to assimilate. 

Lauren set a cracking pace, one which Max had no trouble matching, but which left Katie lagging behind, her breathing already ragged. She was half walking, half jogging as she tried to keep up. Max was pulling at the leash, eager to keep up with Lauren and exert his dominance of this small pack. Lauren talked as she walked: of movies, books, school, her classmates, college. Katie was struggling even to breathe. All she could do was moan a non-committal response whenever she thought it was warranted. She could not banish the thoughts of serving a dog, allowing Max access to her pussy. 

She knew it was not her choice but if Lauren wanted it, wanted to see in the flesh what she had seen online then she would be forced to comply. She was being hypocritical to think it was wrong, it was too late for that. But she had vowed that it would never happen again, it was wrong. In fact it was illegal, she was sure. That had been the attraction, the wickedness of the whole thing. Having it forced upon her now that she was the property of another girl seemed like the ultimate degradation. Despite the way she felt, she could never truly banish the memory of Max&#8217;s tongue - that long malleable tongue. 

Katie kept her eyes focused on Lauren, her slim legs moving with such grace, her tight ass bouncing so enticingly beneath the skin-tight exercise shorts. She noticed that her nipples were hard and wondered just when exactly she had lost almost total control of her own body. It was from the exertion she was sure, not any of the thoughts that had preoccupied her as she jogged behind her owner. 

Her breasts swayed and bounced with each step, the tight halter top providing excellent support, as it was designed to do, but her soft teenage breasts were irrepressible, providing anyone who looked a delicious, hypnotic visual feast. Her sigh of relief at seeing her house in the distance was replaced with a gasp of despair as she noticed John, her next door neighbour, was in his driveway working on his bike. John was 26 and handsome in a bad-boy kind of way. Katie had watched him, even incorporated him into a fantasy or two but had never really had the courage to talk to him. Saying hello was the extent of her contact. 

"Hey Katie," he called as he noticed the two sweaty teens reach his house. He had seen them leave and had purposefully moved his bike out, waiting for them to return. He had noticed Katie, how could he not, but he had never seen her like this. He would never act on any of the thoughts he had, but who could pass up this opportunity. 

"Hi... John," Katie gasped. 
"Cool bike," Lauren said, stopping to admire the bike and its owner. 
"Thanks, I'm John." 
"Lauren. Kitty you'd better get Max a drink before he decides to find his own source of moisture." 

Katie ran back to the house, knowing the exact smile that would be lighting up Lauren's face. She enjoyed teasing her and, Katie suspected, her enjoyment increased the more upset she knew Katie would be. She didn't know how to deal with that, not able to reconcile Lauren's moods. Would she ever be able to understand? 

Once she had set out a bowl of water for Max, she didn't know what she should do. Lauren had not given her any orders. Should she go back and rejoin her owner? Should she head to her room and wait? Lauren might think she was intruding if she went back out the front so she decided to head for her room and await her there. 

It was the safest course, and at least then she would be away from prying eyes. She had felt John's eyes upon her body, devouring her near naked form, noticing the stiff nipples creating tiny points on her chest. She was sure she could see the curtains twitch at every window, the whole neighbourhood witnessing her sluttishness. 

Her mother was in the kitchen preparing dinner when she entered. She turned and looked at her young daughter, her eyebrows raising quizzically when she noticed the hardened nubs tipping each pert young breast. She quickly looked away, not wanting to embarrass her daughter, but Katie had seen the look. She ran up the stairs to her room, her chest feeling as if it was caught in a vice. 

Katie leaned against the closed door, her heart pounding in her chest. She could feel the pulsing rush of the blood through her veins, the fiery red liquid felt like it was burning her from within. Her own mother now thought she was a slut. The tears that had threatened since leaving the house, spurred by her frustration to keep up to Lauren coupled with the revelation of her true status, now fell down her cheeks, each one accompanied by a body-wracking sob as the exhausted teen finally succumbed to the maelstrom of emotion that roiled inside her. 

She didn't know how long she stood against the door, weeping inconsolably. She sprang into action when she heard footsteps on the stairs. She was in the middle of the room, standing at attention in two seconds. She wiped her eyes before snapping her hands behind her back just as the door opened. Maybe she should have been in position long ago, but Lauren would never know. 

******* 

&#8220;What&#8217;s all this about Kitty?&#8221; Lauren said with genuine concern. 
&#8220;I sorry Miss, I. It&#8217;s just, I don&#8217;t know. I just feel&#8221; 
&#8220;Come here Kitty, silly girl,&#8221; Lauren urged, opening her arms and enfolding the weeping teen within her warm embrace. 

Katie leaned into her owner, resting her face on her shoulder, crying uncontrollably, the burst dam of her emotions unable to be held back any longer. She squeezed Lauren tightly, melting into her warm body, feeling the slick sheen of sweat mingling with her own but not caring, desperate for the comforting touch. Lauren stroked her hair tenderly, cooing softly to her, calming the young girl. It took a while for Katie to quiet. Her tears stopped and she sniffled back the mucus running out of her nose, but even then her shoulders tensed occasionally as a small sob rushed to the surface. Lauren took Katie&#8217;s face in her hands and leaned her head back, staring deeply into the young girl&#8217;s puffy red eyes. 

&#8220;Now Kitty, no more babbling. What was that all about?&#8221; 
&#8220;Miss I I&#8217;m sorry Miss, it was just everything,&#8221; Katie said feebly. 
&#8220;Everything hey. Well at least it wasn&#8217;t something small,&#8221; Lauren smiled. 

Katie smiled back, then laughed through her sniffles. She felt so stupid, breaking down like that, seeking solace in the very arms of her tormentor. Lauren had such power over her and she didn't even understand a tenth of what was happening. The thought almost made her break down again. Lauren had the ability to hurt and frustrate her, humiliate and degrade her, make her feel like nothing, but she also made her feel so very special, she felt safe in her arms and she could even make her laugh. Katie was so confused that it was hurting her brain. 

&#8220;Kitty focus now. Tell me why you were so upset. Try, at least try, to be a little coherent.&#8221; 
&#8220;Miss, I just felt like it was all too much. I mean you own me now and I I don&#8217;t really know what to do about that, I-&#8220; 
&#8220;Kitty there is nothing for you to do. I own you and that is that. The only thing you need to worry about now is pleasing me. The only thing you need to do about your slavery is to make sure you are the best slave you can be.&#8221; 

Katie hadn&#8217;t finished and it wasn&#8217;t what she meant, but she couldn&#8217;t blame Lauren, she wasn&#8217;t really making much sense. She had to try again. 

&#8220;Thank you Miss, it&#8217;s not that though. It&#8217;s just that I&#8217;m sorry Miss, I know I am not making a lot of sense but it&#8217;s just that I am really confused and it all just got too much. I am really frustrated and my pussy is wet all the time and my nipples are hard and I don&#8217;t even notice and sometimes I think that you really like me and sometimes I feel like that you don&#8217;t like me at all, even just a little bit and sometimes I like, feel like that you don&#8217;t even know I&#8217;m there and but sometimes I just want to be away by myself and sometimes I just want to be with you. Miss.&#8221; 

Lauren&#8217;s hands slid down to Katie&#8217;s neck as she spoke, the thoughts rushing out of the young girl without a break. She wrapped her fingers around Katie&#8217;s neck, her thumbs gently stroking the jawline of the pretty teen as she poured out her heart. It was a mess, Lauren thought, but there was great insight there. She didn&#8217;t think Katie even knew what she was saying, not until the very end when she hesitated. The confusion and frustration she knew, it had been so very clear. Katie was not particularly good at hiding her emotions, she would have no chance in a game of poker. It was the rest of the heartfelt confession that surprised her. Was Katie developing real feelings for her? She was fighting it, that was evident. She was fighting all of it, still not willing to just accept that this was her life now. Lauren simply needed to give the young girl a little push, guide her in the right direction. 

&#8220;Kitty you are so adorable. I want you always to tell me the truth. Honesty and trust are very important for a slave. You find it a little hard to express yourself though don&#8217;t you?&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; Katie replied timidly. That was it exactly. She didn&#8217;t really know what to say. Whenever she tried it just all came out as mindless gobbledegook. 
&#8220;Well Kitty, I will set up a blog for you. You can write in it each and every night, putting down your feelings or what you did that day or anything you want to get off your chest. How does that sound?&#8221; 
&#8220;Good Miss,&#8221; Katie said hesitantly. 
&#8220;You&#8217;ll find that writing something down is a great way of expressing things you didn&#8217;t even know you felt.&#8221; 

Katie closed her eyes as she listened to Lauren, relaxed under the gentle touch of her warm hands. Lauren had continued to stroke her thumbs across Katie&#8217;s jawline, pressing her fingers closely around her neck, pressing her body close so she became Katie&#8217;s entire world. Lauren leaned in and kissed her gently, their lips joining passionately, mouths opening. Katie squeezed Lauren&#8217;s slim waist as she lost herself in her owner&#8217;s tender touch. This was just what she needed. She needed Lauren to be close to her, to comfort her, to make her safe. 

&#8220;Kitty, we have a punishment we need to get out of the way now don&#8217;t we?&#8221; 
&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; Katie replied, her bottom lip quivering, her emotions threatening to overwhelm her again. 
&#8220;Bring me your black belt, the leather one with the weave sections. Take your clothes off and lie on your back on the floor.&#8221; 

Katie obeyed, wiping away fresh tears, trying her best to keep her emotions in check. Lauren had comforted her, allayed her fears and made her feel so safe and special and she had ruined that with the punishment she had earned. She wanted to be with Lauren like she was before, she wanted to be her friend. If they could be friends maybe she would forget all this slave stuff and Not that she was trying to be Lauren&#8217;s friend to get out of it, as a trick. She really wanted to be friends with Lauren, more than she ever had before in her life. All her other friends seemed paltry shadows, feeble, shallow girls with nothing to offer. Maybe if she was obedient, and behaved and made Lauren happy then Lauren would see it too. Maybe 

&#8220;Open your legs Kitty. Wider. Feet together Kitty, up closer to your butt. Keep those knees wide,&#8221; Lauren ordered once Katie was on her back. &#8220;Hands under the bed, either side of that leg.&#8221; 

Katie did as she was told, trembling in anticipation. She had not been punished like this before. She had no idea what was going to happen. She tensed, then relaxed as Lauren tied her wrists together around the leg of her bed, trapping her hands, her arms outstretched above her head. The anxious teen watched as Lauren removed her own shorts and settled herself atop the young girl&#8217;s body. All Katie could see now was Lauren&#8217;s tight pussy, hovering inches above her face. She could feel her owner&#8217;s knees tucked tightly into her sides and jumped as Lauren let the belt unroll and fall onto her belly. 

&#8220;Kitty, I want you to show me how good you are going to be. I want you to show me that you know who and what you are and what is important to you. I am going to smack that fat cunt of yours until I decide you have learnt not to tell lies. What are you going to do?&#8221; 
&#8220;Eat your pussy Miss,&#8221; Katie breathed fearfully. 
&#8220;Anything else?&#8221; 
&#8220;Uh, show you how good I will be Miss,&#8221; Katie ventured. 
&#8220;Right.&#8221; 

Pain burst between her legs before she was ready. The moment she opened her mouth to scream, Lauren lowered her hips and Katie&#8217;s outburst was muffled by her owner&#8217;s pussy covering her mouth. The young girl quickly regained control and began lapping at Lauren&#8217;s pussy, flattening her tongue against the soft pink lips. Her face rested firmly between Lauren&#8217;s buttocks, her nose pressed hard into the tight pink bud of her owner&#8217;s asshole. There was nothing Katie could do. She tried to move her head but she was trapped. She worked her jaw feverishly, trying to find a more comfortable way of eating Lauren&#8217;s pussy. 

A second flick of the belt and Katie&#8217;s legs closed involuntarily, protecting her delicate sex from further abuse. Lauren lowered her body resting her full weight on Katie&#8217;s face, cutting off her air, waiting patiently for the frantic teen&#8217;s legs to open. Katie never stopped attempting to pleasure the girl atop her. Her tongue squirmed for purchase, even as her lungs began to scream for oxygen. It took Katie a long time to realise her legs were closed and just maybe that was why Lauren was not allowing her to breathe. She drew her knees back to the floor exposing her pussy once more and Lauren eased her body up a fraction of an inch, barely enough to free Katie&#8217;s nose. Lauren smiled as she felt the intake of air whistle past her delicate sphincter. 

The sensation as Katie screamed into her pussy once more was delicious. She had only hit Katie&#8217;s pussy three times but she could already see the lips growing a deep shade of pink and puffing up ever so slightly. Katie&#8217;s labia were a sight to behold. They were so different from her own, slim, almost compact lips. Like everything else about Katie, they were lush and plump and full, just begging for attention. Lauren quickly rested her hands on Katie&#8217;s legs as her slave found her clit. Katie grunted at the added pressure, that forced her legs painfully apart, increasing the incredible sensations that pulsed through Lauren&#8217;s sex. 

A fourth stroke landed amidst the meaty lips of the teenager&#8217;s cunt, the hardest stroke so far. Katie&#8217;s entire body erupted, almost bucking Lauren off her prostrate form. Lauren laughed, feeling as if she was riding a bucking bronco, suppressing the urge to yell &#8216;yeeehaaaa&#8217;. Katie&#8217;s legs were closed once more and Lauren lowered her full weight, sitting on Katie, completely covering the struggling teen&#8217;s face. Katie had learnt her lesson and quickly opened her legs, returning to her original position. This time however, Lauren did not lift her weight from the prone girl.&nbsp; 

Katie tried to keep her tongue moving, tried to continue pleasing Lauren, knowing that it was not only her duty to do it but knowing that it was the only way the torture would stop. She was becoming desperate for air, unsure what else she could do. She tried to flatten her legs even more, her pussylips parting prettily as she did so. Still Lauren's full weight rested on her face.&nbsp; 

Katie began to squirm under her owner, thoughts of pleasing her, of continuing to lick and suck the wet pussy that covered her mouth were lost in her frantic need to fill her lungs. Her arms pulled tight against her bonds, actually moving the bed slightly, but still not dislodging the girl perched atop her face. Katie's eyes were open wide, her look manic as her vision began to narrow.&nbsp; 

Just as she gave up hope, Lauren raised herself up a fraction of an inch, at the same time bringing the belt down in a stinging slap directly on Katie's exposed pussy. The frantic teen tried to breathe in and scream out at the same time, ending in a frenetic episode of coughing and spluttering that Lauren took full advantage of.&nbsp; 

While Katie was fighting for breath Lauren gently lowered her pussy once more. Katie had nowhere to turn, coughing directly into Lauren's pussy, the jerky movements of her fight for air bringing her owner to orgasm.&nbsp; 

Lauren collapsed atop her slave as the orgasm wracked her body. Katie's chest heaved, fighting for air as Lauren lay upon her, but her face was mercifully clear. Her owner was sprawled down her body, her head resting in Katie's lap. She could feel the girl's warm breath on her abused pussy.&nbsp; 

Katie was glad the ordeal was over but Lauren's pussy remained a few inches from her face. The young girl raised her head and saw it pulsing, the small opening at the base of the thin lips opening and closing, as if inviting her in. Gasping still, Katie lifted her head and reached out her tongue, licking the twitching pussy. 

Lauren moaned as Katie made contact, squeezing her arms around Lauren's legs, hugging the young girl in a passionate embrace. Her moans turned to giggles as Katie continued to stimulate her. She didn't know why, but after she had come any further stimulation always made her giggle, uncontrollably.&nbsp; 

"Good... girl... Kitty," Lauren gasped as Katie continued her attention unabated. "Ok you cheeky little slut," Lauren giggled, "enough now." 

She lifted her body from that of her slave and rolled onto her back next to her, one hand still in contact, her fingertips playing absently up and down Katie's right side. Lauren had not been able to take any more, though Katie had seemed ready to continue for hours. Yes, thought Lauren as she caught her breath, this girl was something special. 

Katie lay back exhausted, her chest still heaving as she struggled to calm her breathing. For one frightening moment she had felt that Lauren was going to smother her. She had been unable to breathe for so long, her mouth and nose covered completely. As she lay on her floor, arms bound above her, she thought back on what had just happened.&nbsp; 

Her nose had been pushed hard into Lauren's tight pink asshole. She had actually breathed her owner's ass. She could still remember the feel of it as it pressed against her nostrils, squashing her nose against her face. She was amazed to feel that it did not bother her as much as she expected. She had been given no choice, so there wasn't like there was anything she could do. It was not like she had licked it or anything. Still the encounter with another girl's ass left her feeling a little odd on top of the entire scenario of almost being smothered by a pussy. 

Katie lay back and enjoyed the few moments of calm, luxuriating in the soft caresses of her owner. Lauren was still languishing in the high of her recent orgasm almost completely unaware of Katie's presence. She continued to brush her fingers lightly down the young girl's flank but it was an absentminded action, something she was taking no real conscious part in. 

Lauren eventually crawled to her feet and flopped back onto Katie's bed, the final soft pulses of her orgasm surging up into her belly. She snuggled up at the head of the bed, resting her head on a pillow and quietly dozed off into a light sleep. 

Katie lay on the floor, waiting patiently for something to happen. She felt good that she had made Lauren come but her happiness was coloured by the growing realisation that she had once again been forgotten - used and discarded. She had poured her heart out to her owner and she had felt a real connection, Lauren had known what she was going through. She knew and had comforted her. Katie wondered just where that might have gone if Lauren had not had to punish her. She had ruined a beautiful moment and now she would never know what could have been. 

The young girl stretched her body despondently, trying to make the most of her abandonment. Even though Lauren had come, it had still been a punishment, the throbbing in her pussy was testament to that, and she was still required to apologise. So she spent her time thinking of an appropriate apology. She always seemed to lose her way when she knew Lauren was waiting for her to speak. All her plans fell apart when she looked into those pale haunting eyes and she felt stupid and useless. This time it would be different. 

Lauren came gently awake, smiling as she remembered where she was and what had happened. She rolled over and stuck her head over the edge of the bed, looking down at her slave. Katie lay exactly as she had left her, arms stretched over her head and tied around a leg of the bed, her legs splayed widely, exposing her now red pussy. 

Katie felt movement on the bed and looked up into her owner's face. Lauren smiled, her face upside down, and Katie smiled back, a sincere smile. Lauren had that power over her, she could make her happy with a smile. Lauren slid out of bed, landing on top of the tied teenager, eliciting a grunt from the young girl. She untied her hands, finally releasing the exhausted teenager from her bonds. 

"Kneel," Lauren commanded. 

Katie scrambled to obey, flexing her arms as she did so. This was her chance. Lauren was in a good mood. She had just come, explosively and she still seemed a little sleepy, back in bed resting her head peacefully as she watched her property. 

"Excuse me Miss?" 
"Mmmmm." 
"I am very sorry for lying to you Miss, I will never do it again. I promise that I will be a very good girl and try and please you with everything I do from now on. Thank you for punishing me and thank you for giving me the chance to eat your pussy. I hope you liked it." 

Yes! She had managed to say what she wanted to say. It had only taken her practicing it in her head about fifty times. The lazy smile that played across Lauren's face caused her chest to swell with pride.&nbsp; 

"Aren't you a little sweety Kitty. Come up here and give me a kiss, you cute thing." 

Katie scampered forward and kissed her owner, glad that the juices Lauren had left on her face had dried. They had made the skin on her face tight and sticky for a while but while she waited she had exercised her face, stretched her jaw and loosened the dried juices as best she could.&nbsp; 

"Kitty get dressed and go downstairs and find out what is for dinner. Then you can come back for the other half of your punishment." 

Katie looked at Lauren incredulously. Second half? What for? All the soft, warm feelings that had filled her were now banished, replaced by the return of her feelings of injustice. She had done everything Lauren had asked, she had given her an amazing orgasm, she had even come up with what she knew was a good apology. And she was still to be punished? That wasn't fair. 

"Kitty, are you disobeying another order?" 
"No Miss, it's just..." 
"Right. Attention," Lauren snapped as she got up from the bed. "You want to sass me? Well Kitty, you will soon see where that gets you. And here I was thinking you were finally starting to behave yourself." 

Katie watched as Lauren dug in her bag and produced the two wicked clamps that had caused her so much anguish the night before. "Spread your legs." 

Katie hesitated briefly before shuffling her legs sideways, giving Lauren access to her still aching pussy. Lauren squeezed her plump lips together and placed the first clamp around both her labia, crushing them together and making the young girl grunt in pain. The second clamp followed moments later, this time lower down, cruelly crushing her tender lips and closing off the entrance to her vagina.&nbsp; 

Katie breathed deeply and slowly, doing her best to deal with the pain that shot through her pussy in sharp spikes. She had brought this on herself, ruined another moment, upset Lauren again. Why couldn't she just do the right thing? 

"Black pleat skirt, red singlet. Now go and do what you were told," Lauren commanded brusquely. 

Katie retrieved the items from her closet and dressed as quickly as she could, all the while trying to minimise her movements to prevent the clamps from causing her too much agony. Even if she stood perfectly still the vicious teeth of the clamps bit painfully into her tender flesh. She gave Lauren one last plaintive glance before she set off on her errand, but her owner wasn't even watching her, she had gone back to reading her book. 

Feeling miserable and alone, Katie shuffled down the stairs, her gait more a waddle as she tried to keep the clamps still. The stairs were agony, no matter what she did, both clamps twisted with each step. She gasped and stopped two steps from the bottom. One of the clamps had twisted too far and would not right itself.&nbsp; 

She couldn't go on like this. She had not been told she could touch the clamps but she had to. Otherwise she would fail her task. The young girl shuffled around, faced up the stairs and lifted her skirt. There it was, the first clamp had caught itself on her skirt and had twisted up, almost pointing horizontally. What could she do? 

Return to Lauren and admit defeat, ask for the clamp to be reset so she could try again? The prospect left her shaking. The only other thing she could do was right it herself. She should go back to Lauren, but fuck that she thought. Lauren had just sent on her on way while she was trying to be so nice. She would do this herself, no one needed to know. 

Katie looked back down the stairs, took a deep breath and pushed the clamp down. The young girl sank to her knees as the pain shot through her. She grit her teeth and managed not to make a sound but there was no way she could do that again. She would have to take it off and put it back on, it was the only way. And she had to be quick about it. If Lauren thought she was dawdling she would be in for more punishment. 

Katie steeled herself, released the clamp, grunting once as the pain exploded in her pussy. Before she had time to think, time to chicken out, she quickly reapplied the clamp as close to the original spot as she could. There she gasped, clutching her knees as she bent forward, no one would ever know. 

"Katie?" 

Katie spun around, wincing with the sudden agony that lanced into her sex and surrounds. Her father looked at her with concern, wondering what the hell was going on. Had he seen anything? God she had been bent forward and he was at the bottom of the stairs. Did he see that she was wearing no panties? Had he glimpsed the shiny metal clamps protruding from her bare pussy? 

"You ok? You don't look so good." 
"I'm ok Dad," Katie gasped, desperate to reassure her father, hoping against hope he had not seen anything. "Just a cramp that's all." 
"Ok hon, well take it easy. Don't overdo all this exercise. Listen to Lauren, she sounds like she knows what she's doing." 
"Thanks Dad, I will," Katie said, worrying once again about how much her parents knew. 
"Did you want something?" 
"Oh, just wondering what was for dinner." 
"Roast chicken, but ask your Mom for the specifics." 
"Ok," Katie replied crestfallen. She had hoped she could get away with not having to go any further.&nbsp; 

Her father passed her on the stairs and she waited until he had gone to look back up. She had been all the way up there, bending forward. He must have seen something. The skirt was short, not too short, but still. The thought that her father had seen her ass horrified her. She could not even contemplate the idea that he had seen the clamps. If he had would he have known what they were. 

Katie tried to ignore the slippery slope of humiliation that train of thought would lead her along and hurried into the kitchen where her mother was cooking. 

"Hi Mom, what's for dinner?" 
"Roast chicken." 
"Yeah Dad said. What about everything though?" 
"Oh well, roast potato, pumpkin and onion. Zucchini and corn and some crispy bread." 
"Thanks Mom." 

Her information gathered, Katie hurried back up the stairs pushing through the pain as the clamps bit into her delicate flesh. Lauren was dressed and surfing the net when Katie returned to her room. She locked the door behind her and stood at attention, waiting for her owner to acknowledge her.&nbsp; 

This was one of the hardest things she had to do. It wasn't like she needed to be the centre of attention, far from it, but to be completely ignored, as if she didn't exist, was torture for the young girl. Lauren was just there and she couldn't reach out and touch her, couldn't even speak to her. She had to wait patiently, something she had never been good at. 

Lauren looked to be researching blogs, no doubt preparing to setup&nbsp; the one she had proposed for her. Katie had never kept a diary and didn't know about writing out her thoughts. No doubt Lauren would be reading it and that thought made her more apprehensive than ever. 

"Well bitch, what is for dinner." 

Katie cringed at the harshness of Lauren's words and tone. "Roast chicken Miss, with potatoes, pumpkin, zucchini, sweet corn and crispy bread." 

"You will have one potato, one piece of pumpkin, three pieces of zuchhini and one piece of bread. You will also have a small serving of chicken. Your Mom sounds like she's a good cook Kitty."
"She is Miss." 
"And how much have you learned from her?" 
"Um, nothing Miss," Katie replied, wincing as she did so, knowing Lauren would be unimpressed. 
"You really are a lazy little cunt you know that Kitty, just breezing through life expecting everyone to do everything for you. Well I won't have it, do you hear me?" 
"Yes Miss," Katie shuddered. How had she managed to turn Lauren so much against her? Why was she such a fuckup? 
"Is that all you have to say to me?" 
"No Miss. I am very sorry for disappointing you Miss. I didn't mean to, I'm really sorry." 
"If you didn't mean to Kitty then why did you?" 
"Uh, because I am a dumb bitch Miss." 

"Correct Kitty, a dumb bitch who should know better though. You still have a punishment due and for your latest disobedience you have earned another. I'm tired Kitty so let's do them now and I can relax. Remove the shoelaces from one of your sneakers, remove your shirt and stand at attention with it in your mouth." 

Katie scurried to obey. Lauren had not even turned to look at her during the entire exchange. She had remained seated, working on the computer. It made her feel terrible though she could not blame Lauren. She seemed unable to do the right thing for more than five minutes at a time and the constant failure was starting to wear on her.&nbsp; 

She quickly unlaced one shoe, drew her shirt over her head and scrambled to attention, the long lace dangling from either side of her mouth. She did not have long to wait as she heard Lauren stop typing and she was soon joined by her owner. 

Lauren unceremoniously reached under the anxious teen's skirt, felt for the clamps and removed both in two quick movments. Katie's jaw clenched hard and she screamed through her closed mouth, the agonised sound coming through as a strangled gurgle of an animal caught in a trap. The pain was unimaginable, how the hell could this hurt so much when they were taken off! 

The tortured girl had squeezed her legs together and dropped into a squat the moment her owner's hand, now holding the devilish clamps, slipped out from under her skirt. She looked up at Lauren, tears welling in her eyes, knowing she needed to get to her feet and back in position but pleading for one more moment to collect herself, to push the pain away and force her frozen limbs to move.

Slowly, achingly, Katie rose to her feet, taking long deep breaths through her mouth as she moved back to attention, the pain still throbbing in her pussy. Lauren ignored the young girl's plight and pulled the thin length of material from Katie's mouth and curled it around her hand.&nbsp; 

"Top off. Hands behind your head, elbows back Kitty. Time those tits earnt their keep. If your hands drop, we start again. Fifteen strokes Kitty. Don't disappoint me again." 

Katie obeyed, the threat in Lauren's words more than clear. Once her hands were behind her head, Lauren began. Katie watched as she stepped back and to the side and let the shoelace dangle from her hand. Lauren gripped both ends of the lace, the rest of the length hanging down in a long loop. 

Katie wanted to close her eyes but she could not. Her eyes would not close and she watched as Lauren drew back her arm and let the first stroke fly. The pain from the lace shot across her breasts like a thousand wasps all stinging her at once. Lauren did not even pause to allow Katie to become accustomed to the pain. She drew back her arm again and again, the looped lace swishing across the soft breast meat. 

In moments Katie's chest was covered in thin red lines. The slim lace curled around the young girl's body, the looped end impacting the far side of her breast creating a latticework of curved scarlet lines on the smooth white skin. Katie grit her teeth and winced each time the lace swung forward but she remained quiet, trying her best to impress Lauren.&nbsp; 

Her whole world had fallen apart in the last few minutes. Everything had been going so well. Yes she had been used like a toy and then discarded once the game had ended, her face had been abused so Lauren could orgasm, her nose was still a little sore from the pounding it had received, but she had poured her heart out to Lauren and her classmate had understood, had comforted her and made everything feel right. The punishment had been something she knew was coming and she didn't begrudge her owner that.&nbsp; 

Just how exactly had it gone all wrong? She knew she was to blame but she just couldn't understand how. As she stood still and accepted the whipping she tried to think about what had happened but the constant flurry of sharp stinging strokes prevented her from being able to organise her thoughts.&nbsp; 

It wasn't fair, she pleaded as the lace landed directly across her nipples. It really wasn't fair, Katie decided more firmly, the pain that lanced through her chest giving her misgivings strength. The whole thing wasn't fair, all of it. Lauren had no right to treat her like this. If only she could be nice to her, like she had been when she had found her, upset and blubbering. She should never have let Lauren see her like that. Her anger crested and focused inward.&nbsp; 

"Attention Kitty," gasped Lauren. 

Katie threw her arms behind her back petulantly, her anger giving her movements more force than she had planned. She instantly regretted it and looked at the floor ashamed of herself and worried that her owner had noticed. She was definitely not doing herself any favours. She couldn't even remember why she had been angry, all thoughts of the injustice of her situation banished by the fear of disappointment. 

The anxious teenager dared a glance up as she felt Lauren's warm hands touch her breasts. The caress was light as a feather, her owner's petite fingers tracing the bright pattern of whipmarks across the soft flesh. She traced the lines as if following a path in one of those children's maze games. Katie moaned softly at the delicate touch, the sting of the lace still fresh in her mind, was slowly being soothed by Lauren's loving contact.&nbsp; 

Katie looked at her owner, biting her lip unconsciously as she saw the faraway smile that flickered across Lauren's pretty face. She wasn't a classic beauty Katie thought, but that elfin appeal, made her breath catch in her throat. And those eyes! When Lauren's gaze met hers, wrenched away from her patterned breasts by the young girl's strangled gasp,&nbsp; Katie's legs went weak. She thought she was going to fall to the floor, but it was almost as if she was held still by the captivating blue eyes, those pale turquoise orbs that seemed to strip away all of her thoughts and bore right into her soul. 

"I am very sorry Miss. I am, will try and be better I promise," gushed Katie, knowing that this apology was a feeble one but hoping that Lauren could see it was deeply heartfelt.&nbsp; 

As she gazed into Lauren's eyes, she felt deeply ashamed of her recent feelings. Lauren wasn't being unfair really, she was just... Any way Katie phrased it made her feel strange but... She wasn't being unfair she was only treating her the way she deserved. She didn't like the way that sounded so she quickly tried to turn her thoughts to other things. 

"Don't try Kitty, do. Be better. I know you can do it. Sometimes you are a really good girl and I am proud that I own you but other times..." She left the unspoken thought hang in the space between them. 

An unexpected warmth had surged in Katie's chest as Lauren spoke, only to have it dampened by a queer chill at her classmate's unfinished statement. Her poor behaviour was truly making Lauren upset. She could feel the disappointment radiating from her body, see the distress in her face. Katie felt a pain in her heart more intense than anything the stinging shoelace had imparted. 

"Miss please, I am so sorry," Katie pleaded, tears that had not come during her punishment now welled in her eyes. She yearned to reach out and touch Lauren, to hold her and comfort her as she had been comforted, but she dared not move, not wanting to disappoint her owner yet again. 

"Oh I know you are Kitty, but sorry is just a word. Impress me with your actions not your words. A slave pleases her owner through obedience, submission and subservience, not by apologising constantly. Think about that Kitty as you help your mother prepare dinner. Your laziness is at an end Kitty. Each afternoon you will ask your Mom what is for dinner, report to me and then help her prepare it. You need to learn to cook Kitty, so you will pay attention and learn all you can." 

"Yes Miss," Katie replied eagerly, more than happy to do so. 

"Good girl," Lauren praised picking up on Katie's enthusiasm and cheered by the change in attitude. She had sensed a definite vibe of defiance, an almost surly attitude from Katie and it was something she was determined to quash, hard if need be.&nbsp; 

"First though Kitty you may lick my pussy for me. Just a little Kitty, I don't know if you deserve too much of a treat after this afternoon." 

Licking her pussy was a treat? Katie could understand how from Lauren's point of view that was true. She did like it, she couldn't really deny that. Lauren tasted quite nice and she did enjoy the feelings that surged through her own body when she brought pleasure to another girl. It was strange how giving pleasure made her happy as well. She guessed this was what lovers felt.&nbsp; 

Was that what they were, her and Lauren? Lovers? She guessed they had become lovers but she definitely didn't love Lauren. How could she? She felt something, she couldn't deny that but she couldn't love someone that treated her like Lauren did, like a slave, ordering her around, ignoring her, hurting her. She couldn't love someone who was like that. Exactly what she felt she didn't know but she thankfully abandoned those thoughts as Lauren was ready for her.&nbsp; 

As she had contemplated their relationship, Katie had watched her owner remove her pants and lie back on the bed. Lauren patted her bare pussy and Katie scurried forward, falling to her knees between the languid girl's widespread legs. She could see a tiny droplet of moisture at the entrance to Lauren's pussy. The small clear dewdrop soaked into Katie's tongue as she made her first tentative contact. Once she had tasted Lauren, her hesitation faded as she forced her tongue against Lauren's smooth lips with greater force. She closed her mouth around her the teenager's sex, enveloping the sensitive labia. 

"Kitty, I said lick, not eat. Don't be greedy." 

Katie blushed at the chastisement and leaned back a little, her tongue now the only point of contact with Lauren's now glistening lips. She caught a glimpse of the pink folds of Lauren's vagina before coming in once more and gently licking her classmate's pussy. She kept her strokes long and gentle, licking and kissing the delicate pink labia but not forcing her tongue inside.&nbsp; 

Lauren had wanted to treat her not orgasm, Katie realised as she lapped between her owner's legs, bathing the delicate flesh with her tongue. Lauren may have wanted a relaxing, comforting experience but Katie could smell her owner's arousal, the heady scent that was already imprinted on her brain. It was so different from her own but then everything about Lauren's pussy was different. 

Where her pussy was plump and full, Lauren's was slim and compact, the beautiful lips barely protruding from her body. Where her pussy produced thick white cream, copious amounts of thick white cream she added, knowing that her pussy was this very second coated in it, Lauren's was clear and liquid. And where her pussy emitted a strong musky scent, that could be noticed a mile away she added with chagrin, Lauren's aroma was more delicate, more petite, like everything else about her.&nbsp; 

As her tongue continued to service the prostrate teen, Katie wondered what exactly was normal. From the way Lauren had reacted to her cream, she knew it couldn't be her. The way her own pussy secreted the thick ooze was a definite sign to the young girl. A sign that she was different from other girls. There was a word for it Katie knew, not wanting to say it but thinking that was more than a little stupid, seeing that her face was currently buried between the legs of another girl, her tongue dutifully servicing the pussy of her owner. Slut.&nbsp; 

"Enough Kitty," Lauren moaned, knowing that if she did not stop now this could go on for hours. She may be inexperienced, Lauren thought, but the little slut was talented, there was no doubting that. 

Katie licked Lauren's glistening sex twice more before she stopped. She didn't know why she risked the ire of her owner, but her lips twisted in a mischevious grin as she leaned away from the bed. She looked at the results of her spirited attention, gazing at Lauren's pussy, the tiny dark pink lips of her inner labia splayed delicately apart revealing the tiny pink clit. She wasn't aware that Lauren was looking at her grinning in satisfaction at the devastatingly cute teen.&nbsp; 

That smile, thought Lauren, was one in a million. She had read the phrase 'a smile that lit up a room' but until now she had dismissed that as mere writer's cliche. The fact that the little slut was smiling that way, so cheekily, after having just licked her pussy so tenderly, well that was something she would need to think a little more about. 

"That was very nice Kitty. How is your pussy?" 
"Um goo-" Fuck, you dumbass, that's not what she meant. "My pussy is wet Miss." 
"I guess you'd like a little attention too?" 
"If it please you Miss," Katie gushed, a thrill rushing through her entire body at the prospect.&nbsp; 

She had not expected it, the thought not even crossing her mind but she realised there was nothing she wanted more than for Lauren to lick her pussy. Just the thought made her pulse quicken. 

"Get your dildo Kitty, and your nice new pink panties, you know the ones." 
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, a little confused.&nbsp; 
"Ok Kitty, panties on. Mmm, those are too cute. You know what they say don't you Kitty?" 
"Eat me Miss," Katie replied, blushing, not quite believing it. Blushing still, after all she had done! 
"No time for that now Kitty, pull them to one side. Good." 

Katie groaned as Lauren slid the hard glass shaft inside her. She was so fucking wet, her dildo had slipped in with barely any resistance, her plump lips parting eagerly. She still could not quite believe how her freshly bare pussy felt. Even this brief touch left her marveling at the new fresh sensations.&nbsp; 

Lauren pulled the dildo out, smiling as she watched the rounded bumps appear, giggling as Katie's thighs quivered as she thrust the transparent shaft back into her creaming pussy. Lauren didn't think she would ever get over Katie's ability to produce such thick, luscious white cream. It was fucking amazing and something she knew Katie didn't quite understand either.&nbsp; 

Katie gasped as her dildo was thrust ever deeper, sure that its entire length was now snugly inside her, stretching her, filling her. The unyielding shaft felt amazing as the walls of her vagina squeezed and pulsed around it.&nbsp; 

"Ok Kitty, put your panties on properly," Lauren commanded. 

Katie looked at the kneeling girl pleadingly, but she did not hesitate, letting the crotch of her panties stretch back over her sex. She had to pull them down a little to move them past the end of the dildo that still protruded from her like some strange glass growth. As she let her panties go, she felt the dildo slide inside her just a little more. She gasped and hunched over as the tight pink panties forced the glass shaft inside her, trapping it there.&nbsp; 

Once her panties were seated, as snugly as they could be with the dildo pushing against them, she returned her arms to their proper position, her skirt falling down to cover her now that it was no longer trapped by her arms. Her pussy pulsed, trying to squeeze the intruder out. She succeeded in moving the glass dildo half an inch before it was pushed back inside her by the tight panties. Katie could not believe how this felt, she had never thought, never imagined, never... 

"Off you go Kitty. Remember to pay attention to what your mother says. You represent me now Kitty. As my property your behaviour reflects upon me, you understand that don't you Kitty?" 
"Yes Miss," Katie breathed, her thoughts only partly focused on what Lauren was saying. 
"Come straight back once you are dismissed. We have a lot to do." 









Chapter 9. A Family Dinner

"Basting Katie, that's the key."
"What," Katie gasped, astounded at what her mother had said.
"Basting Katie, basting is the key to a succulent roast."
"Oh, Ok Mom."

A flash of overwhelming and uncontrollable fear had swept over her. She could have sworn her mother had said 'bating was the key'. The irrational paranoia that had plagued her all weekend had slammed into her with full force, leaving her heart pounding painfully in her chest. She was losing it, fucking losing it. But she had a reason. A very good, seven inch long reason.

"You okay, you look a little flushed hon."
Well you would be too if you had a- She couldn't believe she was thinking such things towards her mother. "I'm good thanks Mom."
"Well there's not a lot more you can do. The table does need setting though."
"Ok Mom," Katie replied, dutifully collecting the plates and cutlery they would need.

She placed the four plates on the table and leaned against it for a moment, desperate to collect her shattered emotions. Her pussy was on fire. Each step, each shift of weight, each movement was an agony of ecstasy. She was sure she would have come long ago if it had not been for the humiliation that constantly floated on the surface of her emotions, occupying her thoughts, never letting her truly enjoy the sensations pulsing between her legs. 

She had spent the last ten minutes right next to her mother, talking to her, all the while her pussy was stuffed to capacity with the long glass hardness of her dildo. Her mother knew something was going on, she had to. Katie could feel the heat of arousal radiating from her chest, neck and face. She moaned softly as her pussy tightened involuntarily, forcing, for the hundredth time, the dildo out of her vagina, only to have the tight elasticity of her panties force it back in.

She was fucking herself! The thought made her moan once more, knowing now, without a doubt what a slut she was. She wasn't doing it, her pussy was. She didn't have any control, it was acting all by itself. She really didn't have any control of her life, not even her body. She had done her best to ignore her stiff nipples, knowing they were standing out prominently under the tight red shirt. She had tried to forget about them, as if by doing so everyone else would as well. She knew her mother had seen them, as if they could be missed, but she hoped she had proscribed it to something other than sexual arousal. She had almost convinced herself that was the way it was, almost.

Stop daydreaming bitch, get the table set and get back upstairs. That's the only way you will get this over with. Stairs she thought, grimacing at the memory of the harrowing journey down the short flight, the dildo forcing its way deep inside her, the soft, wet walls of her pussy choking the thick shaft in manic spasms.

It wasn't that it didn't feel good, it did. God did it feel good. It was just that, well if she was honest, she didn't want this happening. She didn't want to be teased in this way, especially not in her own home, around other people, even if they were only her parents. Fuck, what if Lauren tried to make her do this at school! No way, she couldn't. She would get no work done at all and Lauren wanted her to do good in class.

As Katie laid the plates and cutlery around the table, she realised with horror that she could smell her sex. She shouldn't have been surprised. The amount of cream that must be sloshing around in her panties, coating her dildo and oozing from her pussy, must be phenomenal.

Now that she was out of the kitchen, away from the delicious swirling aromas of roasting chicken, another odour was making itself known. She placed her hands flat on the table and tried to calm herself as the thick scent of her arousal assaulted her senses. It wasn&#8217;t as strong or as pungent as yesterday and for that she was grateful. God, yesterday. It was only yesterday that she had felt such an intense humiliation it had threatened to shatter her composure and send her running from the school. 

She could just see herself, slamming through the wide double doors, arms flailing in the air above her head, hair streaming in tangled tatters, her face a contorted mask of insanity. She smiled at the image, surprised that she could still amuse herself. Don&#8217;t forget to add the big cream stain on the back of your skirt, she mused. The weak smile flickered and faded as the emotional pain became fresh again. Why did she have to think that? Why did she always have to ruin things?

Katie straightened the cutlery, wanting everything to be perfect when Lauren came down to dine. She collected the glasses and set them and looked one last time at the table, trying to spot any errors or untidiness. She knew Lauren would notice something and she knew that she would not be forgiven if anything was amiss. She was tired of being chastised for doing things wrong.

&#8220;Table&#8217;s set Mom, anything else I can do?&#8221;
&#8220;That&#8217;s ok hon, I have it from here. You run along back to Lauren.&#8221;

Yeah, no. Katie wouldn&#8217;t be running anywhere anytime soon but she was eager to get back to her room. And to Lauren she supposed. Her owner was the only one who was going to empty her pussy and as much as the shudders of pleasure that rocked her young body made her smile, the frustration of not being able to sate her desire had become maddening. She wanted the dildo out. The humiliation of being made to walk around her own house like this was equally as upsetting. She was supposed to feel safe and secure at home but even here she could not escape the degradation that Lauren seemed determined to visit upon her.

The journey up the stairs felt like an epic ordeal to the young girl. She had been determined to push through quickly, hurrying to her room to find some measure of solace, but she was only halfway up and had already stopped to catch her breath twice. The enjoyable feelings that pulsed through her young sex were starting to be overshadowed by the need to be free. The dildo was too far inside her, occasionally sending a tiny spike of pain up into her belly. She was sure it was further inside her now than when she had started. Had the constant movement stretched her vagina? Was that even possible?

Katie lifted her leg once more, feeling the tight material of her panties go taut. The pressure on her dildo increase, edging it further inside her. A quiet, barely audible, squishing sound reached Katie&#8217;s ears. She froze, straddling the stairs, unwilling to move and hear that sound again. The longer she stood there the easier it was to convince herself that she had heard nothing. The house was quiet, sure, but the noises from the kitchen and the muted hum of the television in the lounge could still be heard. It must have been something from the kitchen. So let&#8217;s go, she urged. Up the stairs. Come on.

Katie did not move. She couldn&#8217;t. She wanted to, she really did, it was just... She couldn't bear to hear that sound again. But it wasn't even anything. It was something from the kitchen. Her vaginal muscles clenched around the intruder, squeezing along the entire length of the bumpy glass shaft. That was it. She couldn't stand this any longer. 

Katie lifted her left leg and brought herself level on the step above. See, nothing. She was so fucking stupid. Yes she was wet, ridiculously so. She could feel her cream smeared over her smooth lips, parted by the dildo. She was sure the entire length of the toy was inside her now. She had never pushed past the third bump and now she felt so full. As if on cue her muscles contracted around the unforgiving shaft and she moaned softly, more eager than ever to put an end to this pleasurable torment.

She stepped up determinedly, confident of making her room, getting back to Lauren and having the maddening object removed. No please, it wasn't, she cried, knowing full well that this time there was no doubt. A definite slurping sound, soft and susurrant came from between her legs. There was no one else to hear the noise now, yet she blushed furiously, the mere knowledge that such a noise had come from her, that she had become so aroused, her pussy creamed so intensely, that it was even possible was humiliation enough.

Now she knew it was true, she hurried up the stairs as fast as she could, masking the subtle sounds with the rustle of her movement. Lauren was at the computer once again and Katie stood at attention behind her, waiting to be acknowledged. At least she was standing still now, but that did not stop the random pulsing in her sex. She wished that she could be allowed to face into the room but Lauren had been clear in her instructions and she was left looking at the blank wall around her door. Katie could hear her owner type behind her and tried to imagine just what she was doing. After only a minute the fragile young girl was pleading silently with her owner, begging to be noticed.

Lauren made Katie wait more than five minutes before she turned from the computer and looked at the pretty young teen. Just seeing her like this, standing obediently as she had been instructed made her own pussy flutter with excitement. When she had been planning the capture of her classmate she had never imagined the actual training itself could be so exciting, so fulfilling. Just seeing her like this, meek and submissive made her heart beat faster.

"My, my Kitty you have been enjoying yourself haven't you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, the joy at being acknowledged evident in her voice.
"I coul smell you as soon as you came in Kitty. So delicious. How far away is dinner?"
"Just a few minutes Miss."
"Well I suppose we should put an end to your fun. I don't want to hear any complaints Kitty, I don't think you would be able to sit properly with that inside you. It isn't really designed for that. Skirt up."

Katie complied, lifting her black skirt up, revealing the pretty pink panties underneath. Lauren knelt down in front of her slave and looked at the sight before her. The dildo had penetrated almost completely into Katie's pussy but the final sphere, the biggest of them all still protruded from her vagina. It pushed the tiny pink panties away from her body creating a tent in the fabric, allowing Lauren to see the clear bulb from the side. 

Katie's smooth pink labia bulged around the intruder, hugging the slick shaft tightly. It was a beautiful sight and Lauren was loathe to put an end to it, but she knew she must. She had other plans for that cunt. The moment Lauren slid the panties past Katie's hips the dildo popped out, liberally coated in the teenager's thick cream. 

Lauren caught the dildo by the large globe at the end and handed it up to Katie. The teenager took it without complaint, immediately lifting it to her mouth to clean the white ooze from its length.

"Kitty," Lauren snapped, noticing the movement from the corner of her eye, her attention still focused on the delicious snatch before her. She had watched as Katie closed, once the shaft had been removed, though much more slowly than she had expected. The sight of her little clit peeking out past it's hood was something else she would have loved to inspect in more detail, but there was time enough for that later.

"Now Kitty," Lauren continued as she stood up and faced the frozen teen. Katie had remained immobile, paralysed by the harsh tone in her owner's voice, the dildo half way to her mouth, her lips already parted as if preparing for a kiss. "What do you think you are doing?"
"Um, cleaning the dildo Miss," she replied timidly, waiting for Lauren to tell her what she had done wrong now.
"Kitty were you given permission to lick your cream?"
"No Miss," Katie admitted despondently. She had only tried to do what she thought was right.
"You are an eager little slut I know, but that cream is not yours to eat now is it?"
"No Miss."
"You eat what I say, when I say. I am not training a greedy, selfish little slut. I know you would be happy as a pig in mud if you could slurp your cuntcream all day long but that's not up to you now is it?"
"No Miss," Katie agreed. She didn't want to eat it, she was only doing what she thought Lauren wanted. She wanted to let Lauren know, wanted her to know she had done the wrong thing only because she was trying to be good, not selfish or greedy, but she knew it did not matter. Lauren didn't care what she had to say, she had disappointed her again and that was all there was to it.

"Well Kitty go ahead and clean it, but make it quick."

Katie all but devoured the glass dildo in her haste to clean it of her cream. She was on the knife's edge of making Lauren unhappy and that was the last thing she wanted, the last thing in the world. She wanted her panties back up too but there was nothing she could do about that right now. Lauren had only pulled them halfway down her thigh and the small panties were pulled tightly against the soft flesh of her legs.

It was over in moments. Despite the amount of cream, she had cleaned each glass sphere immaculately, slurping the larger blobs of cream into her mouth and diligently licking the smaller smears with her tongue. Lauren watched her intently, confident that her enthusiasm was borne equally from a will to please and from the desire for the cream itself. She didn't mind the taste of herself, but Katie seemed to love it, the little slut.

Lauren took the clean dildo from her slave and threw it casually on the bed. Katie's eyes flickered to the glistening toy, anxious that Lauren planned to leave it there, in plain sight. She had always been very careful, ultra careful, to put it straight back into her hiding place when she was done. 

Katie shuddered as Lauren slid two of her fingers along her labia, gently pressing on the bare lips, puffy with arousal. Each finger came away with a healthy blob of cream at its tip. Katie closed her lips when she noticed them parting of their own accord, desperate not to have Lauren think she was greedy for a second time. 

Instead of popping the slime covered fingers into the young girl's eager mouth, she instead placed the tip of each finger against Katie's nostrils, sealing each tiny hole, the small measure of pussy cream pushed just inside each opening. Katie opened her mouth to breath, though this did nothing to lessen the aroma that now had a direct line into her brain. 

"I don't approve of drugs Kitty. But you have an addiction of an entirely different sort, eh my little slut. Snort your fix Kitty."

Katie looked at her classmate incredulously. She could feel the slimy cream pressed inside her nostrils. It felt weird and yucky. She had stood still while Lauren toyed with her but to actually snort her cream, well it was something she just didn't think she could do. As she stood there, her owners fingers pressed against her nostrils she came to wonder just what limit Lauren could place on her degradation.

Peeing in front of another girl was bad. Drinking the spit of another person was worse. Having her body used as a sextoy was something entirely different but snorting the discharge from her pussy was disgusting. She couldn't do it. She wouldn't do it. Enough was enough.

Katie looked defiantly into Lauren's eyes and immediately snorted quickly and deeply. She stepped away from Lauren, shook her head and fluttered her hands in front of her face as if shooing a squadron of flies. Her eyes watered at the thought of what she had just done, but she had no choice.

Big tough girl eh, she chided. All it took was one look from her owner, the cold, hard disappointment she saw in those pale blue orbs spurring her into instant activity. How could she be so helpless with this girl? How could she be at the mercy of a girl her own age? How could she be controlled with a look?

"I know you would prefer to eat it Kitty, but a change is as good as a holiday as they say."

Lauren was beaming at her but Katie wasn't sure if it was because she had done something right, or just because Lauren enjoyed demeaning her, teasing her, knowing she could do nothing in return.

"Oh Kitty, you're so gorgeous. How could I ever resist you," Lauren said stepping in and kissing her classmate passionately.

Katie responded immediately, her own lips parting, her tongue darting out eagerly. Well if I'm getting called a slut, why not she told herself, knowing as she did so that such feeble deflections were not fooling anyone, least of all her. Katie leaned in to her owner, her hands sliding to her owner's hips, sneaking under her shirt to find the bare skin. 

Just as she was beginning to lose herself in the warmth of Lauren's embrace, her father called them down to dinner. Fuck, no. These were the times Katie cherished, the times when she knew Lauren liked her, knew she was more than just a possession to her. And her father had ruined it. She wanted to stomp her feet and curse but all she did was pull up her panties, at Lauren's command, seating them snugly against her wet pussy, damp meeting damp. She had seen the wet spot in the crotch of the panties, darkening the thin, pink material, knowing that it would be larger by the end of the night. 

Her pussy had not stopped pulsing, even once the dildo had been removed. It was almost as if she missed that hard shaft, even though she was glad it had been removed. When Lauren had kissed her she had felt her sex tighten and knew her juices continued to flow. She would have liked a break from the constant state of arousal she found herself in. The continued stimulation was creating a frustration that was beginning to be painful. Her clit was so hard it hurt and she wanted desperately to come, though she would never admit that to anyone.

Lauren had told her that no one would make her come, that she came because she wanted to. Katie didn't really believe that. She might have asked for permission, begged for permission if she was honest, but she had been given no choice. Lauren had made her come, had wrenched the powerful orgasm from her body as surely as she controlled everything else. Ah but if you had not asked, what would have happened then she questioned. She couldn't have lasted much longer, but still.

Katie was glad when Lauren left the room, pulling her along by her collar, one finger hooked under the tight metal band. She hated arguing with herself, especially when she was losing. She was glad of the distraction but dreaded what new humiliations the meal with her parents would bring.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

"This chicken is delicious Emma."
"Thank you Lauren, there's a key to a good roast isn't there Katie?"
"Yes Mom, basting," replied Katie, taking extreme care to say the word correctly.
"Katie is interested in learning to cook," Katie's mother said looking poignantly at her husband.
"I think I see someone's influence at work here. You need to hire yourself out Lauren, you could make a mint as a domesticator of teenage girls. I know a hundred parents who would pay for that service," Greg chuckled, Lauren and her mother joining in the hilarity.

Katie didn't feel like laughing. Not only was she the butt of the joke but it hit a little too close to the mark for her liking. She focused on eating the meal on her plate though she needed to make sure she didn't eat too quickly. She had far less on her plate than anyone else, the small serving having already been set by her owner. 

Watching Lauren and her parents eat the sweet corn was a torture in itself. She could see the succulent sweetness as Lauren bit into hers, juice popping with almost every bite. While she was stuck with zuchini. She had never liked zuchini. Everything else was delicious and she had to resist the temptation to scoff it all down in record time. She knew if she did so Lauren was sure to tease her and she did not want to be called a piglet again. It would also leave her with nothing to do as everyone else ate their full servings of the sumptuous meal.

As her father had carved the succulent bird, the heady aroma of the roast had wafted around the table. Katie smelt the mouth-watering aroma but her thoughts were on another scent. Her wet pussy was emitting its own pungent odour but it was the cream Lauren had forced her to snort that she could not dismiss. She was sure her sex was masked by the delicious aroma of the food but to the anxious young girl, it was hopelessly overshadowed. 

"Katie I haven't said it before but I think you look absolutely darling with your new hairstyle," her mother said, reaching out to touch a stray lock. "It really suits you, I never liked it before, hiding that pretty face."
"Uh thanks Mom," Katie replied self-consciously. Her mother was right of course, but she had liked her old cut. She had liked being able to hide her face if she wanted. She knew Lauren wanted her to be pretty and look her best but she just knew that one of the reasons Lauren had chosen this style was for the very reason her mother had mentioned.
"You sure that's all you want Katie," her mother said with concern, "there's plenty more of everything."
"Thanks Mom, this is all I'm allowed."

Katie almost dropped her fork when she realised what she had said. Holy fucking hell, how dense could she be. Her mother and father were looking at her strangely. No fucking joke she thought, cursing herself and falling even further into despair when she felt the heat begin to rise in her chest and face, knowing her cheeks were flushing the deep shade of pink, the colour she was quickly learning to hate above all others.

"Exercising will really only get you half way to a healthy body," Lauren said, coming to the flustered teen's rescue. "A balanced diet is just as important."

Katie loved Lauren then, for that one moment her heart brimmed with adoration for her owner. Her brain had shut down and she would have stayed silent, sitting there like some statue, stunned by her stupidity, paralysed by the self-inflicted humiliation.

"Well she's lucky to have you guiding her Lauren. Now if only I had a friend like you," Katie's mother said, looking down poignantly at her own body. 

Lauren laughed, along with everyone else, but Katie saw something more in those pale blue eyes as her owner looked at her mom. Katie flashed back to her mother. She was still attractive, her breasts high and firm. She was starting to get a little bit of a belly and she was definitely softer than she was in the photos of her youth, but Katie had to admit she was still really pretty. 

The bewildered teen looked back at her owner, meeting her gaze now, noticing the wide smile that lit up Lauren's face. The conversation turned to the mundane but Katie had no ability to follow. Her mind whirled with unpleasant thoughts as she picked at her meal. The vision of her mother with a collar around her neck make her almost gag on the piece of potato she was attempting to swallow. What the fuck was wrong with her? What had Lauren done to her? Her thoughts were becoming warped!

She tried to listen to the conversation but she couldn't quite focus her thoughts. Lauren and her parents were getting on like a house on fire, laughing and joking as if they had known each other for years. Katie could not deny that Lauren was extremely charming and she was really smart and confident and pretty and her smile was infectious and her eyes... those pale ghostly eyes. She kept glancing at her owner throughout the meal, hoping to feel those eyes upon her. A jolt of electricity shot up her body from groin to throat each time their eyes met, but she sheepishly looked away, unable to deal with the sensation once it occurred, but unable to stop coming back for more.

"No you sit, we'll clear the table," Katie heard Lauren say, shocking her out of her reverie. The meal had ended? Katie immediately stood up to help clear the table.
"Lauren dear, you're a guest. We can't allow you to clear, you sit," Lauren's father said.

Katie paused for only a split-second before collecting the other dirty plates and cutlery, stacking them and taking them into the kitchen. She put the dirty dishes on the sink and leaned against the benchtop, closing her eyes and trying to gain her composure. The paranoia burst upon her with full force. Her parents were in on it! They knew! But why would Lauren have explained away her food if that was the case?

And yet here she was, alone in the kitchen, clearing the table by herself while her parents and her owner sat in the dining room, laughing at her. She could hear them. 'Thanks so much for making our daughter a slave Lauren', 'no problem Emma, she's not a bad little slut'. Her chest ached at the imagined conversation. And she called her Mom, Emma and her Dad, Greg. They were all so pally, it wasn't fair. It was sickening. 

She had wanted her parents to be suspicous of Lauren. She had wanted them to see through the ruse and rescue her from the predicament she had landed herself in. Instead her parents seemed to love Lauren, treating her like one of the family. Katie took a deep breath, finally convinced that her parents knew nothing. Her slavery and the reason for it was was still her and Lauren's secret. If only she used her common sense she would have known it all along. She just didn't know why she acted, and felt, so foolish all the time.

Katie returned and removed the dishes of food from the table, balancing as many containers as she could, eager to have this humiliating service at an end. It wasn't that she was clearing the table, there was nothing wrong with that, it was just that she had been singled out for it. Ordinarily it would mean nothing but now it only highlighted the demeaning situation in which she was trapped. She was serving. It was what she was for.

As Katie was stacking the dishes beside the sink, collecting all the unfinished food together she was startled by the appearance of Lauren carrying the glasses from the table. She had come to help her afterall. She wasn't totally alone. She could have hugged Lauren then, the relief she felt at having company flushing her with warmth. Lauren put the glasses on the bench and stepped in close to her girl.

Lauren reached out and grabbed Katie's shirt, pulling the young girl's petite frame into her embrace. Their lips met in a brief, tender kiss. Katie's eyes flickered to the doorway, fearful of her parents seeing her kiss another girl. 

"Kitty, I know you have no idea how cute you are when you serve. You really were meant to be a slave," Lauren said, running her hands along the smooth flesh under her shirt. "Your Mom has made an apple pie for dessert. Cut four slices and serve three with a scoop of ice cream. When everyone has received their dessert you may take your seat and have yours."

Before Katie even had a chance for a 'yes Miss', Lauren had turned and left the room, leaving Katie on her own, alone with her thoughts of submission. She could think of nothing else as she prepared the dessert, leaving one bowl, her bowl, bare of the sweet ice cream. She supposed she should count herself lucky that she was allowed any dessert at all but she didn't feel lucky. 

She felt small and vulnerable and desperately wanted someone to comfort her. The people that were supposed to comfort her when things went wrong were only a room away and yet they were lost to her. There was one other who could comfort her and make her feel better and she too was mere feet away. It was to her owner that her throughts turned now. She wanted nothing more than for Lauren take her in her arms, squeeze her tightly and tell her everything would be alright. No kissing, nothing sexual, she just wanted, needed, the human touch. She wanted what Lauren had given her that afternoon, before she had ruined it.

Katie gathered up the three bowls of dessert, one in each hand and balanced a third on her left forearm, resting against her body. She placed the first bowl in front of Lauren, feeling a surge of emotion as she was rewarded with a smile from her owner. Once her parents had been served, she returned for her own bowl, still lamenting the absence of ice cream. 

If she could live off one food for the rest of her life it was ice cream and its myriad flavours. She wondered just how often she would be allowed to indulge now that she belonged to Lauren. It was going to be hard, she knew. There were always three or four different flavours in the house and the temptation of knowing it was there, out of her reach, was already playing upon her mind. Surely it could not be more frustrating than not being able to touch herself or come. 

She was already feeling that frustration. Her arousal had been peaked all day, from the very moment she had awoken, constantly renewed by herself or her owner. Her sex ached, actually ached, for release. Why did everything have to turn sexual now? She had tried to dismiss the thoughts but she felt her damp panties push into her pussy as she sat down at the table and all other thoughts were suddenly pushed to the periphery.

"Katie?"
"Huh," she replied, still a little dazed. "I mean pardon," she added when she saw the frown on Lauren's face.
"I said, seeing you without ice cream is like seeing a car without wheels, " her father repeated, loving his automotive metaphors.
"Diet, Daddy," Katie replied, thankful that this time she hadn't blurted something retarded.
"Her training is going really well Greg. She has the ability to be really good, she just needs to behave and apply herself," Lauren interjected, looking pointedly at her property.
"Well stick with it Katie, we know you can do it," her father beamed as he encouraged his daughter.

Katie knew now that Lauren was toying with her, it had finally tweaked in her oh-so-slow brain. She was just suggesting things, innocent sounding things, unless you were trapped as the slave of a young girl, then each little innuendo cut deep, humiliating and playing on your fears. Even now that she knew what was going on, finally, it didn't make it easier to accept. She felt stupid but with so many other things bombarding her fragile mind she couldn't really blame herself for being so slow.

"Thank you for a wonderful meal Emma. Everything was delicious," Lauren beamed, playing the dutiful guest but sincere nonetheless.
"Oh, this," Emma said, waving at the table dismissively, "just something I threw together." 

Everyone laughed. Even Katie smiled politely though she didn't really feel like joining in the general mirth. She should really be glad that her parents and her owner were getting along. It would make it so much easier for her. She was a terrible liar and at least this way she may not have to do so much. It also meant that her secret was safer but she still felt betrayed and alone. There was no one else to whom she could turn. All she had now was Lauren.

"You guys go and relax, we'll do the dishes and clear up. You deserve a rest."
"Thank you Lauren, you really are a sweet girl."

Katie watched her parents leave the table and head off to the lounge to relax, no doubt to watch some renovation or cooking show. Maybe she should start watching some of those cooking shows. Lauren wanted her to learn to cook. It was something a slave needed to know to please her owner. Well she could watch them if Lauren allowed it of course.

"Finish clearing away Kitty and then do the dishes. I will be back in twenty minutes to inspect your work."

Lauren came around to her side of the table, kissed her lightly on the side of the neck and disappeared, leaving the stunned teenager sitting alone at the dinner table. So this was how it was going to be. She was so fucking stupid to think that Lauren was going to stay and help. She would have loved the company but it was her place to do the cleaning, she guessed. Serving was what she seemed destined for now: whether it be domestically or sexually. 

She had no time to sit and lament her predicament, fooling herself with thoughts of unfair treatment. But didn't she deserve a rest? No time idiot, she chastised, springing from the table and getting to work. She had less than twenty minutes and she knew if she didn't pass Lauren's inspection she would be punished. Not only did that mean pain but also that Lauren would be upset and disappointed with her and that was as bad, if not worse.

The next twenty minutes was a blur of activity for the forlorn teen. She had almost no chance to feel sorry for herself as she cleared and cleaned and scrubbed and dried. She was just drying the last dish as Lauren stepped into the kitchen. 

"Attention," snapped Lauren.

Katie quickly dried the last dish, put it on the bench with the towel and stepped back and to attention. Lauren brushed a hand tenderly across her hip as she passed to inspect the dishes. Despite having never really washed dishes, Katie was confident in her ability to clean. Still, she stood nervously, her fingers fidgeting behind her back, praying that her owner would be satisfied.

Lauren looked over the clean, sparkling bowls and plates, inspecting the handles of the pots and between the tines of random forks. Kitty had done a good job. In a short time she had managed to complete the task and she had done well. She was proud of her. She knew Katie had been a typical lazy teen and never really helped around the house at all. Such an easy change to make but such an important one. A slave needed to learn how to serve in every way and keeping a clean house was one of the core duties that every slave must fulfill.

"Good girl. You've done a very good job. Come here and give me a kiss."

Katie flushed with pride at having pleased her owner. There was relief as well but it was overshadowed by the more unexpected emotion. She didn't really know what to think about the way she felt. It felt both wrong and right at the same time and it left her in a muddled state of confusion, off-balance and uncertain. One thing she was sure about: Lauren had asked for a kiss and Katie had no intention of denying her.

The moment their lips met Katie felt a pulse of electricity between her legs, that tingling fire that left her breathless. Her knees trembled at the sensation and her fingers fluttered against her owner's hips. It was only a kiss but it felt as if she was going to orgasm. Lauren sensed it and moved in close, crushing Katie's tender lips with her own. But this was not the time or the place.

"Put everything away and make sure the benches are clean Kitty. Then come upstairs, we have things to do."
"Yes Miss," Katie replied breathily, the force of the strange sensation still surging through her. 

She watched Lauren leave the kitchen, her graceful movements a beauty to behold, her tight ass bouncing underneath the skirt. Katie turned away, conscious of what she was doing. She wasn't a lesbian, she really wasn't. And even if she was, this was Lauren, the girl who had made her a slave, caned her, used her. Even with those thoughts now clear in her mind, she still could not dismiss her feelings.

The kitchen was clean in record time and she all but ran up the stairs to her room. She didn't know what Lauren had in mind for the night but such knowledge really didn't mean anything to her anyway. She had no choice in what was to happen so knowing in advance was as useful as knowing night followed day.

*&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; * 

"Ok Kitty, everything off but the panties. We need to add your new clothes to the catalogue."

It hadn't occurred to Katie that she would need to perform the demeaning modelling every time something new was bought, but it made sense. She put her skirt and shirt on the end of the bed and stood against the wall as Lauren photographed her. 

"Well that one will do I guess. You can see the creamstains, but for those panties I guess that is appropriate."

Katie blushed, thinking of the moisture darkened crotch of the small pink panties, the words 'EAT ME' printed just above. Appropriate? She guessed it was: photographic evidence of the fact she was a slut.

"Panties off Kitty and come here. Up," Lauren commanded patting the bed when Katie was close.

Katie crawled up on the bed and lay back as her owner indicated. With gentle touches, Lauren eased her legs apart, pushing her knees back towards her body. Katie could feel her sex open, feel the air waft across her juice covered pussy. The instant Lauren's hot tongue touched her puffy labia she moaned in ecstasy. Fucking hell. This was like... she didn't have the words, her brain wasn't working on those terms any longer. She lay back and moaned again as Lauren's tongue caressed her slit, cleaning away the accumulated cream.

"Panties in your mouth Kitty. You need to clean too."

Katie obeyed, unfolding the panties and turning the crotch inside out as she placed them in her mouth. The scent was strong, hours of arousal soaked into the thin material. She worked her saliva into the moist garment, dampening it further, suckling and licking her panties clean.

Lauren abandoned the gentle approach and instead attacked Katie's cunt with a fanatic fervour. She was no more experienced than Katie but she had seen quite a lot of movies that had allowed her to learn much about the art. That is how she saw it anyway: the art of pleasure. Some were flat-out exploitation pieces but there were a few of the more straight down-the-line style movies that were perfect, all close-up action. 

It was funny how porn fell into different categories, well for her at least. She knew she was a little OCD, but she had organised all her favourite movies by genre and style. It had made it so very easy when it had come time to choose a few for Katie. She had done well enough before, rocking her with an orgasm the intensity of which was greater than anything she had felt, but that was more down to the thrill of the situation not the inexperienced girl&#8217;s technique. That left a lot to be desired and was something she would be working hard to improve.

As Lauren&#8217;s educated mouth devoured her sex, Katie lay back moaning. Her hands were wrapped in the bedcovers, the once smooth material twisted around each hand into a swirling vortex of abandon. This was nothing like Max. She felt like she was burning up, her skin itself on fire, on the cusp of being consumed by flame and yet she still felt the keen flush of humiliation as she compared her owner's tongue to that of a dog. But it was the only experience she had against which to measure what she was feeling. 

Max had been sloppy, eager only to taste what she produced. Lauren was targeted and sure, confident of her ability to pleasure, assured in her intent: her tongue, lips and mouth controlled and seeking to impart the ecstasy she so desperately craved. The thought made her arch her back, her hands relinquishing their ecstasy fuelled grip on the twisted clumps of bedding. She massaged her breasts, pinching her painfully hard nipples, attempting anything to heighten the ecstasy that consumed her. Her breathing became laboured, heavy, panting. The air felt liquid, pressing down on her body, flowing into her lungs slowly, languidly. She heard her heart beat fast and loud in her ears. No, not her heart, music. The sound had barely registered, only coming through now as a muted buzz.

And then it ended. Katie lay panting, her face flushed, her pretty fringe plastered to her forehead. She looked down her body, her hands still cupping her breasts, desperate to see what had happened. Why had Lauren stopped.

&#8220;Ok Kitty, that pussy is as clean as I can make it. Let&#8217;s get all those other panties catalogued.&#8221;

Katie groaned and glared pleadingly at her owner. She could see Lauren was breathing hard and her eyes shone in the dim light. It was only as she looked at those pale blue orbs that she remembered who she was. It was as if her personality came flooding back to her. She blinked slowly, almost sleepily, as she realised where she was and what she was doing. It had been as if Katie Thomas had been pushed aside, slowly squeezed out of her own body by the rising ecstasy that had threatened to consume her entire body. She could still feel the residual heat radiating from her, causing sweat to glisten across her lithe young flesh.

Lauren stood with her hands on her hips gazing down at the overwhelmed teenager. Katie looked back, sheepishly, still trying to piece herself back together, realising her panties were still wedged inside her mouth and her legs were still spread obscenely wide as if unwilling to accept the pleasure was at an end, unconsciously inviting Lauren back in. She snatched her hands from her breasts, causing the soft flesh to undulate enticingly, as she finally managed to take control of her fragile pleasure-soaked mind. 

Holy fucking Jesus fucking Christ. She hadn&#8217;t even come and yet she felt exhausted and spent. She still hadn&#8217;t come. The realisation that her frustration was not at an end, on the contrary it had just been dialled up a notch, caused two tiny tears to well in her wide, green eyes. She had no time for self-pity, her owner was waiting for her.

Katie slid from the bed like a sleepy lizard, unable to gain total control of her muscles. She raised herself slowly from the floor, reaching out a hand to steady herself on the edge of the bed. She felt light-headed and weak and smiled wanly at Lauren as she attempted to walk to her cupboard and retrieve her new panties. She moved on wobbly legs, taking a breath to steady herself once she reached her dresser. She felt her strength return slowly as she pulled out her new panties and arranged them along the top of the dresser. She chose the first pair, the mesh thong that she had been forced to wear into the store as she searched for Lauren&#8217;s approval. The memory of the humiliating experience made her blush and she felt stupid for doing so. Why couldn&#8217;t she stop feeling this way?

Katie took up her position against the wall and prepared for the demeaning process to begin. She would have to do this each time she got any new clothes. She needed new clothes, after Lauren had emptied out her closet, but she definitely didn&#8217;t need this. She felt like a piece of meat hung up for display. Instead of taking the picture Lauren came forward and kissed her on the lips, gently brushing her nipples as their mouths met briefly. She stepped away without a sound and snapped the picture of the flushed, half-naked teen. Lauren had sensed Katie&#8217;s lack of composure, the little steadying kiss was exactly what she needed. The shy little smile she was rewarded with made Lauren&#8217;s lust pulse between her legs. Later, she thought, pushing her desire to one side as she focused on the task at hand.

This cute little slut was testing her will more than she could have imagined. She could barely control her thoughts, of throwing Katie on the bed and fucking her until she was spent. She needed that strap-on, she needed to fuck her slave. It would have to wait until Katie&#8217;s first paycheck and that would test Lauren&#8217;s resolve, but that may be a good thing. She needed to be strong. She couldn&#8217;t let her lust for this young girl rule her, upset her plans. The night was only so long and she would be parted from her Kitty tomorrow. She wasn&#8217;t pleased by that but there were some things she couldn&#8217;t control, not yet.

&#8220;I think we had better do all your tops and bras again. Shoes and socks too,&#8221; Lauren said as Katie finished modelling the final pair of panties. &#8220;That lovely puss was hidden behind all that ugly hair before. Come on Kitty, shoes and socks first.&#8221;

Katie groaned inwardly at the thought of the degrading modelling needing to continue for even one more minute. Her mind was a chaotic jumble, disparate thoughts flashing to the front of her brain only to be sucked back into the maelstrom seconds later, replaced by another equally as disturbing. 

She squirmed as she was forced to watch the flickering slideshow of sexual imagery her mind tormented her with. Her nipples remained hard and she cringed inwardly, knowing that in all of these pictures there would be two hard points visible beneath every blouse and tee. She tried taking deep breaths, calming herself down, forcing herself to focus on one thing but it did no good. Lauren would say something, make some remark about her pussy or nipples or some slight movement would bring something else to the fore: the wetness she could feel at the entrance to her pussy, the reminder of her nudity as her warm buttocks brushed the cold wall behind her, the bounce of her breasts as she removed yet another bra.&nbsp; 

Finally her ordeal was at an end. She placed the final blouse back on its hanger and slid the cupboard door closed. She had no idea how long that had taken. She disliked every moment, still surprised that Lauren could get her to smile even as she felt the humiliation so keenly. It had, though, given her a chance to calm her frayed nerves. 

Her arousal still hummed through her body like the background noise from some heavy machine but at least she could think and move. She was still a little wary of her earlier reaction. How could she have felt so so lost. No that wasn&#8217;t right, it was more like she felt as if she had fallen to the bottom of an ocean, looking up through the shimmering depths, seeing her body floating on the surface, knowing it was her but knowing she would never see it again. It had been overwhelming, frightening and yet calming at the same time. She had given in to it, succumbed completely, as if she had a choice, but she had struggled with the sensation ever since. And she had not come. She was not able to reconcile the powerful, all-consuming sensation with the fact that she had not achieved orgasm. How was that even possible?

Katie found herself in the middle of the room, standing at attention with no recollection of actually moving there. She had to get a grip. She was scattered, lost in a wilderness of desire, unable to function like a normal person, humiliated by her weakness. Would anyone but a slut be affected in this way?

&#8220;Kitty?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; Katie mumbled, almost absently.
&#8220;I said what would you like to do now?&#8221;
&#8220;Um,&#8221; Katie hesitated. Why was she being asked? &#8220;Oh, I would like to come Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;Well Kitty, don&#8217;t beat around the bush,&#8221; Lauren teased, though she was smiling.

The words had simply tumbled out of her mouth. She hadn&#8217;t meant to be so bold, her brain wasn&#8217;t working right. She winced as she thought of Lauren&#8217;s possible reaction to her precociousness. She hung her head, looking pointedly at her shuffling feet, lamenting the loss of her long hair that would have usually hidden her face. She did like the new haircut that Lauren had chosen for her, as did everyone else apparently, but there were times when she longed for her body to be the way it used to be. Standing here naked only heightened the feeling, as that most intimate, most private of places had also lost its protection, now smooth and bare and highly visible to the scrutiny of all. She didn&#8217;t dare to look at Lauren, she couldn&#8217;t face her, not wanting to see the disappointment in those beautiful, hypnotic eyes.

&#8220;Ok you little slut, get that cute butt over here,&#8221; Lauren laughed, relishing the sight of the beautiful girl, her girl, gone all shy and demure. She had not expected it. She definitely hadn&#8217;t thought Katie had progressed that far past her modesty that seemed to have such a firm grip on the young girl. It wasn&#8217;t gone, her reaction to her own request made that clear, just maybe loosened just a little. 

Katie, trembling with anticipation, pounced the few feet between her and Lauren. She could feel the familiar tightening between her legs, imagined the flicker of sparks that coursed through her sex and up into her belly. She nibbled on her lower lip as she waited for Lauren to attend to her. 

Oh no, why did it have to be like that. Katie&#8217;s knees trembled as she watched Lauren produce the long coil of black rope from her bag. Why did she have to be tied up again? She hadn&#8217;t hated the ropes the last time, not exactly, but she hadn&#8217;t liked it. Not the ropes themselves, but the restriction and the helplessness. Not being able to move, feeling so vulnerable, was not something she relished feeling again.

She turned around at Lauren&#8217;s touch and offered her hands to be tied. Once again the smooth rope was looped around her wrists, pulled tight and wrapped again and again around her wrists. Lauren smiled as she tied the double-looped rope, ensuring the knot was tied high and on the inside of the tie. The young girl could not reach the knot no matter how much she squirmed. She was getting better, being able to do this for real, not just practicing on two poles she had rigged up. There was so much she wanted to try and to finally have a compliant girl on which to work meant she could satisfy any fantasy she wished. Lauren had wanted to say &#8216;willing girl&#8217; but compliant would do, willing would come, of that she was sure.

Lauren spun Katie around and pushed her down on the bed, laughing at the stricken look on the young girl&#8217;s face when she felt herself falling through empty air, unable to stop herself now her hands were tied firmly behind her back. Katie&#8217;s eyes were wide in panic as she fell. Even when she landed on the soft mattress, she didn&#8217;t think it was particularly funny. She had been genuinely scared and Lauren&#8217;s laughter only served to make her feel foolish, knowing she should have trusted her owner. She felt her breasts bounce and ripple as her body rebounded off the bed from the force of her fall. The pretty round mounds of flesh came to rest finally each one tipped by a tight pink nipple, standing up straight from her chest as if at attention. Lauren marvelled at the teenager&#8217;s beautiful breasts, so pert and firm that they flattened hardly at all.

Lauren could not resist the sight, crawling atop Katie&#8217;s prone form, supporting herself with an arm either side of the young girl's chest, and taking her left nipple in her mouth. Katie moaned as the heat from Lauren&#8217;s mouth enveloped the hard pink bud. The panting teen yelped as Lauren's teeth closed around the nipple, nibbling it tenderly. Katie writhed under Lauren's mouth, grunting softly as her owner switched to her other breast, her mouth opened wide, sucking the firm flesh into her mouth before biting down hard. 

Katie's scream was cutoff as Lauren's hand closed over her mouth, pressing down firmly, her soft lips mashed into her teeth. Lauren eased herself off the gasping teen, surveying the wide bitemark that surrounded the teen's right nipple. She smiled, musing at how it looked like a second wider nipple.

Katie breathed loudly through her nose until Lauren removed her hand and got up from the bed. The young girl lay back, her arms pinned under her, unable to do anything but watch as Lauren retrieved more rope. She allowed Lauren to manipulate her body, moving obediently for her owner. She was soon tied more elaborately and comprehensively than she had ever been.

Lauren had quickly tied her ankles to her thighs, forcing her to keep her knees bent. Lauren beamed at the ties she had accomplished. They looked exactly like the tutorial she had read: each turn of the rope placed neatly next to the last creating a wide black band six turns wide. She could do better but it was excellent for her first try. Katie looked amazing, her legs turned back on themselves, forcing her to keep them wide if she was to have any comfort as she lay on her back.

Lauren grabbed the young girls tightly restrained legs and pulled her towards the end of the bed. Katie could do nothing to stop her, so instead she shuffled sideways, helping her owner move her body. She didn't think Lauren needed it though, she was deceptively strong. How could such a slim, petite body hold so much strength?

When Lauren had her situated, her ass at the very end of the bed, she retrived a final piece of rope. Katie closed her eyes when she saw yet Lauren with yet more rope. Did she have a fucking hardware store in her bag? She closed her eyes as Lauren forced the rope behind her knee and tied it off. She wasn't sure what was happening now but her body rolled to her left as Lauren tugged on the rope. 

Katie had no control over her body now. Her arms were tied and pinioned behind her back, pushed into the matress by the weight of her body. She had lost sight of Lauren and was surprised to see her emerge from the other side of the bed. The process was repeated, the final rope slipping behind her other knee. 

A moment later Katie understood what was happening. Lauren pulled the rope tight and Katie's legs were pulled open. She could offer no resistance and in seconds she lay on her back, her legs spread widely in an obscene split, the outside of each leg sitting flush against the mattress. The strain the strict position placed on her thighs made her gasp in pain. 

As Lauren looked down at the securely restrained teenager, Katie looked fearfully at the door. This was too much. There was no way Lauren could free her if her parents came in. No fucking way. It had taken 20 minutes to tie her, it would have to take at least half that time to untie. This wasn't a good idea, but she could say nothing. Lauren owned her, it wasn't her place to question her no matter how badly she wanted to.

Katie forgot about all such thoughts the instant Lauren's tongue flicked across her wet labia. Her entire world narrowed, nothing else existed other than what was between her painfully splayed legs. 

Now that her little slut was safe and secure, Lauren decided it was time to enjoy herself. Her own pussy twitched as she began to force her tongue inside the wet teen. Lauren let herself go, venting all her pentup frustration at having to remain disciplined, eating the young girl's pussy hard and fast. Her jaw worked against Katie's soft slit, her tongue pushing deeply into the creamy opening. Katie could do nothing but lay back and moan, transported on a wave of ecstasy, as her owner ate her pussy with a frantic passion. 

"May I come please Miss," Katie moaned, after barely two minutes of her owner's manic attention. 

Lauren ignored the young girl's plea, pushing her face harder against Katie's slick sex, sucking and biting the tiny clit that had come out of hiding, gorged with blood and almost painfully hard. 

The next time Katie asked, a desperate, pleading tone in her voice, Lauren leant back and slapped Katie's pussy with full force. The young girl grunted loudly, even on the cusp of a devastating climax she had the presence of mind not to cry out, alerting her parents to the situation. She was proud of herself for that, but it meant nothing, she needed to come. Even through the stinging agony that swept through her pussy she was still desperate to come. Nothing could stop her now.

"Miss please, please may I come. Mistress please," Katie begged, tears in her eyes.
"Yes Kitty, come for me. Come for me my little slut."

Lauren dived back onto Katie's pussy, her mouth covering the entire creamy cleft. She sucked the grunting teen's labia into her mouth, her tongue pressing down on Katie's hard clit, squirming as the pressure increased. She could feel the teenager's orgasm arrive, felt her entire body tense in her tight bonds. Lauren kept her tongue writhing over Katie's clit as she forced her teeth into the soft flesh surrounding the plump labia that were cushioned safely in her mouth. 

Katie's hips bucked as much as she could in the strict bondage, forcing Lauren's teeth harder into her skin. She didn't care, her owner's tongue was pushed harder against her clit as the pulse of the orgasm struck her again and again. She had lost control now, everything she was, everything she knew, was gone. Nothing existed for her now but the ecstasy that consumed her, she was nothing but her orgasm. 

Katie's mouth opened wide and her eyes flickered wildly. Her entire body was wrenching against it's bonds, muscles straining to break free, desperate to expend the sexual energy that infused them. She could barely move, the energy had nowhere to go but inwards. Her body gave one final push, her back arched off the bed, her neck straining as she threw her head back, lifting her weight upon it.

Then she went limp. Lauren had been waiting and was ready this time. She instantly moved off the unconscious teen, looking at her phone stashed at the end of the bed. She looked at Katie's pussy, the impression of her teeth surrounding the puffed pink labia. A tiny drop of cream was evident at the entrance to her vagina, but it was the clit that fascinated Lauren.

That tiny red bud that stuck out prominently between Katie's lips, topping her slit like a little spire. The delicate hood had retracted leaving the pretty clit exposed for all to see. The temptation to blow across it almost got the better of Lauren, but she had a higher purpose.

Katie's entire body went rigid and a strange strangled gurgle came from her throat. Twenty-seven seconds. Would the little slut black out each time she came? She hadn't on the webcam and that had seemed, to Lauren, like a particularly intense one. This would require a great deal more experimentation but Kitty wasn't going anywhere.

Lauren swiftly removed her own clothes and climbed atop her slave, straddling Katie's head and leaning down her body. She gently kissed the young girl's mons before lapping, upside down, at the hot, wet sex. Katie was still dealing with her first orgasm and the renewed attention sent her sliding down into another overwhelming climax.

Katie had come, that was what she had requested and that was all Lauren was interested in providing. She heard the young girl gasp and lowered her pussy onto Katie's face. Through the haze that covered her mind, Katie felt the touch at her face, she could smell Lauren's sex, a scent she had come to know. Her head twisted instinctively, her mouth questing for, and finding, the moist, pulsing pussy of her owner. 

It was Lauren's turn to gasp as Katie's young, untrained tongue found her pussy and immediately set to work. Katie was still lost in her own pleasure, her body acting on instinct, lapping desperately at Lauren's tight slit, pushing her tongue past the firm lips to quest inside, licking along the delicate pink folds. 

Lauren lowered herself further, resting her weight on Katie's face. Her entire body rested atop the young girl, her hands slowly caressing the taut skin of the teen's stretched thighs. Katie was matching Lauren lick for lick, each driving the other to climax, Lauren's first of the night, Katie's third. 

As Lauren came, her pussy grinding atop Katie's captive face, the near oblivious teen became aware of her owner's orgasm, her dazed mind picking up on some primal queue. Katie's body writhed under the weight of her owner, wracked by the third orgasm of the night. 

Even Lauren lost track of time as her orgasm took her. Minutes later she rolled off her slave, exhausted by the intensity of the experience. Both girls lay gasping, covered in sweat. Astoundingly Katie was the first to rouse.

"Thank you Miss," she breathed between long deep breaths. It was all she could do to breath, even if she hadn't been restrained so securely she doubted she would be able to move. She had nothing left; she had nothing, she was nothing. She hadn't even thought about the words, they had been sitting on her tongue, waiting for enough energy to be able to form. 

"Welcome, Kitty. Just look at the mess you made of my pussy though. Time to cleanup Kitty and then its bedtime. I have lacrosse practice early tomorrow and I need my sleep."

Lauren crawled back atop Katie, resting her head in her lap, breathing in the strong musk of the young girl's arousal as the exhausted teen dutifully licked her owner's pussy clean. Lauren twitched and jerked as Katie's obedient tongue sent pleasurable aftershocks through her body. She could have fallen asleep like this, and one day she would, but not tonight. 

"Good girl Kitty. Would you like me to untie you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied sleepily, still not fully cognisant of her surroundings. Lauren had already loosened the rope that held her legs spread so painfully wide before she added, "if it please you Miss."

Lauren smiled languidly as she untied Katie's legs. She knew how out of it the young girl was, her submissiveness coming naturally now. Maybe she was further along than Lauren had thought. She was too tired to contemplate what that meant right now, but she filed it away, to be revisited at a time when her own brain was working at full capacity.

Katie simply flopped limply when Lauren had removed the final section of rope from her wrists. She knew she should get up, move even a little bit. She needed to make an effort, to let Lauren know she was trying, that she wasn't being lazy. She finally struggled to her feet, desperately thirsty but knowing she first had things to do.

"When everything is neat and tidy you can have a shower Kitty."
"Thank you Miss," Katie replied meekly. Those were the rewards she could look forward to now. If she did as she was told, was a good girl and behaved she would be allowed those mundane, everyday things that other girls took for granted. It was a difficult thing to come to terms with.

Katie started tidying up by smoothing out the rumpled bedsheets as well as she could with Lauren still lying naked across the bed. Lauren's clothes lay strewn on the floor and Katie dutifully collected them, folded them neatly and placed them on top of her owner's bag. As she cleaned she had a chance to look over her body. The ropes had left clear patterns across her white skin, the rippled weave of the rope indented into her flesh. It felt strange as she ran her fingers across the ridges. 

Katie thought of the rope now, the various lengths strewn across the floor like sleeping snakes. She wasn't sure what to do with them, other than knowing they had to be tidied up. She collected the four lengths together and looked at the pile. This was what had kept her helpless and immobile as Lauren ate her pussy. She had nothing on which to base her assumption, she knew, but Lauren was brilliant. Her knees were still trembling from the power of the orgasm Lauren had given her. 

"Miss, what should I do with the ropes."
"Tidy them Kitty. Then put them away."
"Miss I don't know how. They looked so nice and neat before. I don't know how to make them like that."
"Oh Kitty, bring one here. Now take one end in your hand, then loop it around your elbow, now back to your hand. There you go Kitty. Good girl."

Lauren had simply rolled onto her side to supervise Katie's efforts. Watching her pretty, young slave do anything was a pastime Lauren could get used to enjoying. Watching her obey, seeing her serve, infused Lauren's entire body with a sense of deep contentment. Her efforts to coil the rope were poor, but she enjoyed watching the young girl struggle to please.

"Now Kitty, take the loose end and wrap it around the middle, again, once more. Now tie it off. That looks pitiful Kitty. Unroll it and do it again."

Katie cringed at her failure but obeyed the command and uncoiled the rope, letting it drape to the floor.She tried to pay more attention and coil the rope more neatly, resting each loop evenly next to the last but when she tied off the ends it looked as bad and as unkempt as the first. 

"Pathetic. Hurry up and finish the rest, otherwise we'll be here all night. Put one coil in your little hiding spot, you can use it to practice. Kitty you are so adorable with your little hiding place. You wouldn't hide anything from me though would you Kitty."
"No Miss, I would never do that," Katie said, desperate for her plea to be accepted. 
"Do you know what would happen if you did?"
"Yes Miss. It would make you unhappy."
"Correct my little slut," said Lauren, surprised at the response Katie had chosen. "You would also be punished Kitty, severely."
"Yes Miss."

Katie finished coiling the ropes, confident in the fact that by the end she had really not improved. The last coil looked just as untidy and hopeless as her first. As she bent down to place the ropes back into Lauren's bag she felt it. She froze for just a second, then continued as if nothing had happened. Moments later her world collapsed.

&#8220;Phoo, Kitty,&#8221; Lauren gasped, waving her hand in front of her nose, wrinkled in disgust. &#8220;Go and stand in the corner. Don&#8217;t lean against the wall, it doesn&#8217;t need you to hold it up.&#8221;

Katie burned with humiliation. She hadn&#8217;t been able to control it. She was still recovering from the overwhelming sensations of the night, her body was so relaxed it had just happened, she hadn&#8217;t even thought about it. Her sphincter had opened just a little, just barely, but enough to let out a silent emission. The moment she had smelt herself she had tensed, knowing that her owner would sense it in moments. Should she confess, get in first with an apology? As she had been deliberating, the choice became moot. Lauren had smelt her and Katie&#8217;s shame had filled her entire being.

She straightened up at Lauren&#8217;s command, pushing her shoulders back and holding her head high. She hadn&#8217;t meant to be lazy it was just that she felt so terrible, she couldn&#8217;t help but hang her head in shame. She could feel her breasts brushing against the cool wall as she wedged herself in as close as she could. She wanted to melt away, become invisible, hide somehow.&nbsp; She couldn&#8217;t believe she had done that with Lauren only feet away. The disgust she felt burned inside her, tears threatening to fall as she imagined Lauren&#8217;s disgust.

&#8220;Kitty?&#8221; Katie jumped as Lauren spoke into her ear, startled by how silently her owner could move.
&#8220;Yes Miss,&#8221; she replied gingerly, dreading the coming chastisement.
&#8220;Who do you belong to?&#8221;
&#8220;You Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;And what does that mean?&#8221;
&#8220;Uh, Miss, it um. I&#8221; Katie stammered, panic beginning to rise as her brain whirled, unable to form a coherent thought.
&#8220;Kitty!&#8221; Lauren snapped.

Katie took a deep breath and calmed herself, trying to focus. The presence of her owner, standing so close, made the task more difficult than it should have been. She needed to answer. She needed to find the words. How could someone so petite, barely two inches taller than her, be so imposing, make her feel so flustered and stupid? Breathe. Again. Now answer the question.

&#8220;Miss being owned by you means that you control my body, what goes in and what comes out and when.&#8221;
&#8220;There you go Kitty, good girl. I knew there was more going on in there than pussy-thoughts. Now what did you do wrong?&#8221;
&#8220;I, something came out without permission Miss,&#8221; Katie replied timidly, dancing around the issue, unwilling to say the words she knew were inevitable.
&#8220;Yes?&#8221; Lauren prompted, knowing the game the young girl was playing.
&#8220;I&#8217;m sorry Miss, I farted without permission.&#8221;

The admission was accompanied by the falling of tiny teardrops onto Katie&#8217;s pretty pink cheeks. She hadn&#8217;t wanted to cry, she had wanted to be strong. Knowing she had done something wrong, knowing she would be punished, she had thought, would shelter her from the full force of her emotions, but knowing she had disappointed, knowing she had failed yet again, was too much for the young girl&#8217;s fragile self-esteem. Her shoulders jerked as small sobs escaped her, no matter how hard she bit her lip in an attempt to prevent them.

Pain exploded in her left buttock and her entire body jerked forward, her head bumping the wall before she had a chance to brace herself. Again and again the sobbing teenager&#8217;s behind seared with pain as Lauren rained blows upon each soft cheek. The furious flurry of blows was over in moments, leaving both girls panting. 

Katie was hunched up in the corner, her arms curled across her chest, protecting her breasts from contact with the wall and bracing her trembling body against further impacts. She could still feel the bump on her forehead from the first surprising smack. Once she realised Lauren had finished she slowly moved her arms behind her back, her movements hesitant, any moment expecting another blow to land.

&#8220;Stand up straight,&#8221; Lauren snapped.

Katie sniffed and stiffened, acknowledging, as she did so, that her posture was awfully hunched and unattractive. She had been forced into the corner during the frantic punishment and the timid huddle she had adopted had been her feeble attempt to protect herself, realising early on that she still had not developed the super power that would allow her to walk through walls.

&#8220;Do you need to go to the toilet Kitty, or was that you simply being a rude little shit,&#8221; Lauren hissed, the icy tone causing Katie&#8217;s knees to quiver in fear.
&#8220;No Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;No you don&#8217;t want to go to the toilet? You&#8217;re just letting loose because you thought it would be funny?&#8221;
&#8220;No Miss, I do want to go I meant that no Miss I wasn&#8217;t being rude. I&#8217;m sorry Miss, I didn&#8217;t mean to.&#8221;
&#8220;So you have such little control that you just stink up rooms without a thought?&#8221;
&#8220;No Miss,&#8221; Katie stammered pleadingly.
&#8220;Got a big loose anus, is that it Kitty? Should we get you some nappies in case you can&#8217;t control yourself and poo your pants?&#8221;
&#8220;NO!&#8221; Katie blurted. &#8220;Miss.&#8221;
"I don't know Kitty, maybe you should buy some diapers tomorrow and wear one to school each day, just to be sure."
"No Miss please, no. I will be good Miss, I didn't mean, I didn't mean it. I mean I knew but I didn't mean for..." Katie trailed off, knowing she was babbling, afraid now that Lauren would punish her being so stupid and incoherent.
"Kitty, hush. I don't want to hear another word out of you tonight. It seems the only hole that doesn't get you into trouble is that plump little pussy of yours. The only thing it seems capable of is dribbling."

Katie flushed with humiliation as Lauren laughed, knowing it was true. She could feel the moist slickness covering her bare lips, dripping from the entrance of her pussy and smearing over her thighs. She couldn't help it. She had been in a state of arousal every waking moment she had spent with Lauren, she was amazed she wasn't completely dehydrated, but maybe that was why she was so thirsty. 

Holy shit, she thought, could that actually be true? She had creamed so much she was dehydrated? It sounded like complete nonsense but who knew? 

"Get into the bathroom and on the toilet. Make sure you are clean Kitty. A slave has a duty to her owner to keep her body clean and pleasing at all times. If you ever fail an inspection Kitty, you won't be able to sit down for a week."

Katie hurried to the door, checked that the coast was clear and scurried into the bathroom. She couldn't lock the door. What if Lauren wanted to come in? As she sat on the toilet and waited for her bowels to move she thought about what she should be doing. Should her hands be behind her back? She had been given no instructions but maybe she didn't need them, maybe there was just the one procedure for using the toilet. 

She put her hands behind her back but she didn't think she could go with her legs spread. She made as much of a concession as she could, keeping her knees about a foot apart. She tried to hurry herself, scared that Lauren would come in and supervise. She didn't know if she could go with another person watching and if she did... she didn't want to think about that right now. She simply couldn't face that idea.

Katie kept an eye on the door the entire time, praying that no one, especially not her parents, would come in. The nervousness that wracked her body was not conducive to what she was trying to do but eventually she relaxed enough to go. Katie hurriedly wiped until she thought she would run out of paper. She didn't know exactly what an inspection would entail, she could guess, but with Lauren it could mean anything. It was sure not to be enjoyable, even if she passed.

Just as she was about to leave the bathroom Lauren came in and ordered a shower to be run. This time Katie was forced to wait outside, kneeling on the cold tiles, while her owner washed herself, softly humming a tune Katie didn't know. When she had finished, Katie fetched a towel and wrapped it around the lithe body of her owner. She was finally permitted to use the shower now Lauren had satisfied herself.

Katie yelped and immediately jumped out of the shower. The water was freezing cold and goosebumps instantly prickled her entire body, her nipples hardening, for once at something other than arousal. Had the hot water run out? Impossible. There was only one other explanation.

"You have until I finish brushing my teeth Kitty. Stop mucking around."

Katie grit her teeth and tentatively stepped back in the shower. "Door open Kitty, never place a barrier between us that is not of my choosing." Katie pushed the door back the few inches it had moved and moved around the shower to the soap, trying to avoid the cold water as much as she could. She knew it was stupid, knew that she needed to get wet, and quick, but she had always hated cold water. 

She glanced over at her owner, seeing her drop the towel to the floor after drying her hair and step to the basin. She didn't have much time. She couldn't afford to be a wuss any longer. Katie took a deep breath, held it and stepped under the shower, the icy water hitting her full force, the breath she was holding exploding from her gasping mouth. 

The cold water hitting her body was like someone slapping her. She moaned pitifully as her body was cooled down. Her teeth began chattering uncontrollably and she closed her mouth to try and stop it. She looked at Lauren the entire time, but her owner never once looked back at her. Katie forlornly washed her body, her every movement unconsciously seeking approval from her owner. She was only feet away but she refused to acknowledge her. 

Katie was extra careful to wash herself well. She paid special attention to her ass and pussy. She needed her ass clean after what she had just done and her pussy had been smeared in her own cream for so long that the chance to be clean, truly clean, was something she was going to take full advantage of. 

The shivering teen didn't waste a single moment of her allotted time, scrubbing her entire body, rinsing and stepping from the shower while Lauren was still brushing her teeth. She turned off the cold tap, her hand shaking as she reached for the shiny metal lever. She was absolutely freezing, the cold water still soaking her bumpy skin. She wasn't entirely sure what she should do so she knelt on the bathmat and waited patiently, shiveringly, for her owner to command her.

Lauren finished brushing her teeth, brushed her hair and only then turned to the despondent teen. She picked the damp towel from the floor, rapped it around Katie's head and, without a word, roughly dried her hair. Katie held herself still as best she could but her head was wrenched violently and it was all she could do to stay on her knees. 

"Brush your teeth and no dawdling," Lauren snapped. 

Katie scrambled to her feet and brushed her teeth as if possessed by the demon of dental hygiene. Lauren stood at her side and watched her every movement. The young girl was acutely aware of the attention she was now receiving, attention that she had, only moments ago, craved more than anything. This wasn't what she had wanted, fearful that at any moment Lauren would snap at her for some actual, or imagined, shortcoming.

The cold water still dripped from her body, the small droplets drying interminably slowly. In the mirror, she eyed the damp towel on the floor behind her, never imagining she could want a damp, used towel so badly. 

"Ok Kitty, go and wait outside the door. I didn't bring my clothes inside so you will indicate to me, with a nod that the hall is clear. Unlike you Kitty, I decide who sees my body."

Katie stepped to the door, opened it and gingerly stuck her head out. Seeing no one, she stepped outside, turned back to the door and nodded to her owner. She kept glancing both ways down the corridor, the fear that she would get caught making her knees tremble with something other than cold. Lauren strode purposefully from the bathroom and back into Katie's room, followed one step behind by her slave. 

"Go back and hang up the towel you used. And hurry Kitty, I am tired."

Katie ran back to the bathroom, hung up the soaked towel and ran back, crashing through the door and almost slamming it behind her. She was sure she had heard footsteps on the stairs as she entered her room. She hesitated against the door for just a moment, flipping the lock as quietly as she could. 

Lauren was just getting into bed as Katie stood at attention in the centre of the room. It had become second nature to her now, standing in the middle of her room, her hands behind her back, legs spread shoulder-width apart, head held high. She didn't even give the position a thought, simply adopted it, understanding that it was her place.

She just caught a glimpse of Lauren's cute butt sliding under the covers before her owner was totally hidden. Katie wanted to be in there too, snuggled in the warmth. She was still not totally dry and her skin was cold to the touch. Her teeth had stopped chattering but it was only through a supreme force of will. 

"Turn off the light," Lauren commanded.

Katie obeyed and returned to her position as best she could in the sudden darkness. Katie tried counting the seconds but lost track once three minutes had passed. How long was Lauren going to leave her like this? What if Lauren fell asleep? The darkness fueled her fears. Wasn't that Lauren's snoring now?

&#8220;Kitty when you are dry you may come to bed,&#8221; Lauren ordered.

Katie&#8217;s shoulders slumped in resignation. She was freezing out here, only steps away from warmth, and she had to stay here until she was completely dry. She knew that if Lauren found one tiny droplet of water on her she would be in trouble. Her eyes were slowly adjusting to the darkness but she was still almost blind. That meant that her owner could not see her either. 

Katie nibbled nervously on her lip and moved her arms slowly, shaking them out, hoping to detach any errant drops that still clung to her bumpy flesh. She strained her ears for sound, worried Lauren would hear that she was out of position. She froze as she heard a rustle from the bed, but it was only Lauren turning over. The fear of being caught was too much, she despondently replaced her arms behind her back and waited impatiently for her skin to dry.

How would she know for sure? She could be here all night if she wasn&#8217;t allowed to break position. She wasn&#8217;t allowed to talk either so she couldn&#8217;t ask if she could check. Why was she so fucking stupid? Why couldn&#8217;t she just do the right thing for just one day? Lauren would be happy and like her and that meant she could be happy. No punishments, no harsh words or disappointed looks from her owner. She had a new goal now, her resolve strengthened in the lonely darkness of her room. She would not disappoint Lauren again, not for the whole time she was with her next time, whenever that was. She knew there would be a next time. All those nave, foolish thoughts of this ending quickly had been banished over the course of the weekend.&nbsp; 

Time passed slowly for the exhausted teen. Or was it fast? Katie had no idea but the longer she stood in the middle of the room the more agitated she became. She had to be dry by now, she had to. Even if she wasn&#8217;t she would rather Lauren find a drop of water on her than the alternative. She couldn&#8217;t imagine how upset her owner would be if Katie went to get into bed beside her and woke her up. Lauren had already dozed off once tonight and Katie was beginning to know her owner: she seemed to be able to drift off to sleep very quickly. Maybe she should just lie on the floor. That way she couldn&#8217;t get in trouble for being wet, or for annoying Lauren. But then she could get in trouble for not sleeping with her owner, and she was pretty sure that was what Lauren wanted.

Katie was in a quandary but decided there was really only one course of action open to her. She stepped towards the bed, tentatively at first, but growing bolder with each step. She tried to shuffle her feet, make some noise to let Lauren know she was coming, hoping that her owner would take the initiative and provide her with some direction. 

Katie was surprised by how much she needed that direction now, how much she had begun to rely on her owner to tell her what to do. She smiled in relief as Lauren pulled back the covers when she reached the bed. Her owner had been watching her in the pale light of the night that seeped around the edges of the closed curtains, her own mouth twisted into a satisfied smile, enjoying her property&#8217;s discomfort.

&#8220;In you hop Kitty,&#8221; Lauren murmured, scooting back to make room for the timid young girl.

Katie slid in behind Lauren, the sudden warmth making her shiver anew. She pulled the covers over her body but dared not move to close to her owner, not wanting to annoy the sleepy girl with her cold body. She was content to lie under the covers, curled up into a little ball, her own body heat slowly, oh so slowly, warming up her little piece of her bed. Lauren reached out behind her, feeling for the shivering teen. She smiled when her hand touched the cold, bumpy flesh of her thigh, feeling Katie almost melt under the warm touch. Lauren forced the young girl&#8217;s knees down from her chest and shuffled backwards.

As she snuggled her body back into Katie&#8217;s, fitting her lithe form into that of her slave&#8217;s, she thought back on what had happened that night. Reliving the memory as Katie&#8217;s cool skin slowly leeched the warmth from her owner&#8217;s flesh. She could feel the tight buds of Katie&#8217;s nipples poke into her back and smiled contentedly. One memory stood out above all others: Katie begging to come, tied so neatly and so tightly, but it was her words that stirred something inside Lauren now. 

She had pleaded, and Lauren smiled, remembering how desperate, how frantic, she had become when permission was not given first time. But it was what she said: Mistress. She liked that. Just where would an innocent little thing like Katie Thomas have picked that up? Lauren didn&#8217;t ponder for too long, just thinking of the word made her belly flutter with anticipation: Mistress.

Yes, she liked the sound of that very much indeed.










Chapter 10&nbsp; A Day of Rest?

Morning pussy-whistle.
Morning Miss, Katie replied sleepily, the strange name not quite registering.

It was only as she opened her eyes to see the soft light of morning that she thought about what she had heard. The gentle morning sunlight shone through the red curtains across the window, bathing her room in a soothing ruby glow. Lauren was propped up on an elbow looking down at her. 

Katie smiled contentedly, seeing the soft curve of her owner&#8217;s small breast peeking from the covers. Had she heard that right: pussy-whistle? She wasn&#8217;t entirely sure if there was a meaning behind it, or if it was just some pet name that Lauren liked the sound of. It did kind of run off the tongue. The sleepy teenager blushed, the thought of pussy and tongue reminding her of what had happened last night.

Katie noticed that her own breasts were uncovered, the sheet pulled well down her body. As she watched, Lauren reached out brushed her fingers lightly across the young girl&#8217;s exposed breast, drawing small circles around the nipple, smiling as she saw the pink bud stiffen under the gentle contact. Lauren continued stroking, her fingertips caressing the side of the firm breast, the skin so smooth and unblemished it made her heart ache. Katie wanted to squirm under the loving touch but she didn&#8217;t want to interrupt her owner. Her belly had tightened when her nipple became hard without even being touched and she nibbled her lip as she watched the face of her owner, eyes opening and closing, still trying to force away the last vestiges of sleep. She had never been a quick or early riser.

Would you like to eat my pussy before breakfast Kitty?
Yes Miss.

The question sounded so innocent that the words didn&#8217;t even register with Katie at first. It was only as Lauren&#8217;s mouth closed over hers and a hand slid down her belly and slipped inside her that she realised what her owner had asked. It wasn&#8217;t really a question, Katie knew. It was a command, but she did want to. She hadn&#8217;t known she had, content to lie here in the warm bed next to the lithe body of her owner but her pulse quickened and it was not because of the tantalising finger that lingered at the entrance to her sex. Lauren pulled away, leaving Katie eager for more, lips parted sensuously, glistening with the mixed saliva of both young girl&#8217;s.

Katie knew that was her cue, reluctantly stirring. She could have lain there all day, Lauren&#8217;s lips caressing hers, but she had a duty to perform. She forced herself to her knees, her growing excitement lending energy to her lazy movements, before scooting down the bed and climbing between her owner&#8217;s legs. Katie caressed Lauren&#8217;s taut thighs, enjoying the softness of the tender skin as she hunched her body and leaned in to begin her task. A thrill surged through her body when her tongue made contact with the silky smoothness of her owner&#8217;s slim labia.

No Kitty, lie down. You will never reach where you need to like that, Lauren ordered.

Katie stretched her legs out behind her and shuffled her body down the bed, her head now much lower, her face now able to be buried in the compact pussy of her owner. She had to bend her knees back, feet almost touching her bare buttocks, so she could fit under the sheets that were tightly tucked into the end of the bed. She leaned in again, feeling the heat in her own pussy as she started to lap her owner&#8217;s tight slit. She began with long, languid strokes covering the entire length of Lauren&#8217;s sweet cleft. She increased the pressure with each stroke, pushing the soft, malleable lips apart to reach the moist pink folds within, ending each time with a deft flick of her tongue across the growing hardness of Lauren&#8217;s clitoris.

It was over far too quickly for Katie. She had only started to find her rhythm when Lauren tensed beneath her. She sat back on her heels, sheets thrown back on the floor, gasping for breath, watching Lauren&#8217;s small breasts rise and fall as she panted in the aftermath of her orgasm. Her face was flushed and her mouth was open so invitingly. Katie could not resist. The emboldened teen crawled up the bed, straddling her owner&#8217;s limp form, and leaned in to cover her prettily parted mouth with her own. Lauren responded, tongue darting forward, fighting for dominance. Katie arched her back as her owner reached up and squeezed the hard nipple at the tip of each pendant breast, but she did not break the kiss. The squirming teen moaned into her owner&#8217;s open mouth as the pressure increased.

Before she knew it, Katie was on her back, her arms pinned to her side by Lauren&#8217;s knees. She could feel the full weight of her owner&#8217;s slim body resting on her chest. She had no idea how Lauren had managed it. Somehow she had completely reversed their positions, the speed at which it occurred making her head spin.

Cheeky little Kitty, Lauren teased, placing her hands on either side of Katie&#8217;s face. She gently smoothed the prone girl&#8217;s hair back, playing with the pretty fringe she had ordered. Katie squirmed as her owner smooshed her cheeks together, her lips pursing like some fleshy puffer fish. She pushed her nose back and peered up her nostrils, played with her eyebrows, pushing the tiny hairs against the grain and smoothing them back down again. 

Lauren was enjoying playing with her pet, manipulating her body as the fancy took her. Katie lay back, trying not to move. She was doing her best to be compliant and allow her owner to play to her heart&#8217;s content, but it was difficult. Breathing was becoming increasingly hard as Lauren perched upon her. She could feel the heat from the her owner&#8217;s sex on her chest, her firm young breasts were squashed and uncomfortable, but she thought only of the hands at her face and the demeaning manipulations to which she was being subjected.

Lauren had her hands in her mouth now: fingers sliding along her teeth and gums, pulling her lips back or squeezing them together. Katie stared up at the obvious delight on Lauren&#8217;s face, unable to reconcile the feelings of happiness and humiliation that warred inside her. Lauren eventually tired of her game, slapping Katie&#8217;s face with each hand. The blows were not hard or malicious but they shocked the young girl out of her reverie and she writhed beneath her owner. She would no doubt be punished if she got free, but she didn&#8217;t think that likely &#8211; Lauren was so much stronger than her. Katie looked up at her owner, the wicked grin she had come to know so well gleamed down at her.

Kiss me Kitty, Lauren ordered, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

Katie stretched her head off the pillow, straining her body to reach the lips of her classmate. There was no way she could ever reach Lauren so far above her. She wriggled her arms but they were firmly pinned by her sides and Lauren increased the pressure of her thighs as she felt Katie&#8217;s struggles. C&#8217;mon Kitty, I am waiting for my kiss, Lauren teased, urging the writhing teen on. Katie wriggled from side to side, flexing every underused muscles in her body. Her stomach tensed as she tried to lift her owner up, but the slim teenager barely moved. Lauren giggled as Katie became frantic in her efforts to reach her.

Well if you don&#8217;t want a kiss Kitty Lauren said with mock concern. Katie knew she wasn&#8217;t upset, she knew she was only being teased but she couldn&#8217;t help getting upset herself.
Please Miss, she pleaded. Katie couldn&#8217;t explain the tears that welled in her eyes but she looked at Lauren forlornly.
How could I resist that, Kitty, Lauren said, the sense of power and contentment she felt as she looked at her slave&#8217;s pretty green eyes fill with tears, infused her entire body.

Lauren relaxed her legs and released her grip on the now quiescent teen. She slid gracefully down Katie&#8217;s body, slipping between Katie&#8217;s legs, forcing them to accommodate her. She supported her body above her slave, leaning down, ignoring the eagerly opening lips, instead kissing each delicate eye, tasting the barely formed tears, exalting as the salty droplets soaked into her lips. Only then did she kiss the young, expectant mouth that parted so eagerly for her touch. 

Lips barely touched before Lauren lifted up, smiling as Katie moaned at the tease. Lauren didn&#8217;t think she would ever tire of this little slut, so eager, so easy to arouse, even at this early stage. Lauren shifted her weight and presented her left breast to the girl beneath her, closing her eyes in ecstasy as Katie&#8217;s mouth closed dutifully around the tight pink bud, suckling like a calf at the teat. Right nipple followed left before Lauren relented and kissed her young possession, passionately and long.

Come Kitty, you little minx. My Mom will be here to pick me up and you&#8217;ll still be latched to my breast like a little suckerfish.

Katie pouted as Lauren pulled away, climbing out of bed, giving the young girl her last look at the nubile body that had brought her so much pleasure. She had been with Lauren for less than 48 hours but it felt like a lifetime.

"Exercises," Lauren commanded. 

Katie jumped out of bed, fully awake now. She went to the centre of the room, oriented herself and began the exercise regime Lauren had set her. As she pushed herself through the sets she caught glimpses of her owner packing away her clothes and the rest of the equipment she had brought for the sleepover. 

Lauren was quickly dressed in a small exercise outfit, no doubt what she was going to wear to her training. As she watched her classmate pack away her things she realised what it really meant. She would not be with Lauren. Lauren would not be with her. She would be on her own. 

Katie couldn't really focus on the emotions that whirled inside her. She had to complete her exercises and she had to do it properly. Lauren was still there, glancing at her every now and then, supervising. 

Lauren left the room mid-routine, leaving the door open. Katie looked fearfully at the door, though made no move to stop her set. She had to trust in Lauren. She had realised that last night. She had to trust her owner. Lauren would look after her. It wasn't easy, but what was.

Lauren returned from the bathroom and laid out Katie's clothes for the day. By the time the outfit was on her bed, the sweaty teen was standing at attention, panting for breath. Lauren was seated at the computer once more. 

"Wipe yourself and dress." Lauren ordered brusquely.

Katie made the dash to the bathroom and back in record time. She didn't know what Lauren was doing but she had wiped the thin layer of sweat from her body and dressed and Lauren was still tapping away. 

Her owner had chosen her nice red thong, khaki shorts and yellow singlet top. She hadn't been allowed a bra, but at least she was wearing panties. The shorts were very small and very tight, basically covering everything they needed to but little else. The singlet top was only a halter and left her midriff bare, something she had not previously been a fan of. 

She had always had such grand ideas when she bought clothes, knowing they were sexy and cute and then unable to find the courage to wear them. Now they were all she had and Lauren made sure that she looked her best everyday. It was strange to have your clothes chosen for you. She hadn't wanted to admit it but it was a little liberating, not having to worry about what to wear. And yet knowing there was no choice, not even if she wanted one, if she wasn't in a thong mood, or a shorts mood, meant nothing to her now. Every day, in every way, she was reminded again and again that she belonged to someone else.

"Take all the bags downstairs Kitty, mine and all those piglet clothes."

Katie cringed, wondering why she hadn't moved past that demeaning term already. She wasn't a piglet, she knew Lauren was only teasing but she still hated it. She struggled downstairs with all the bags, dragging the heavy clothes bag behind her. She placed them all by the door, not entirely sure where they should go. She was still wondering if she should return upstairs or wait here when Lauren sidled up behind her. 

"Come and keep me company until my Mom arrives," Lauren said, grabbing Katie's long black locks and pulling her into the lounge, not really giving the girl a choice.

Katie hurried behind her owner, her head pulled to one side, doing her best to keep Lauren from tugging too painfully on her hair. Ever since they left the bed, Lauren seemed to be in a different mood. She didn't seem upset, she was just very short with her and Katie wondered if she had done something wrong. 

Lauren kept a hold of the young girl's hair as she sat down on the couch. Katie moved to sit down beside her owner tohelp alleviate the strain in her scalp. 

"Kitty, what the fuck do you think you are doing? You were not given permission to sit," Lauren snapped, wrenching Katie's head from side to side. "Kneel."

Katie fell to her knees in front of the couch, her hair a dishevelled mess. She looked up at Lauren, tears in her eyes from the painful hair-pulling. She had done something wrong, she didn't know what it was but Lauren was going to leave upset with her.

"Now Kitty," Lauren began, gently smoothing down the confused teen's hair. "Are those legs wide enough Kitty? Are you getting lazy before I am even out the door?"

Katie's legs spread wider, the crotch of her tiny shorts now pulling into her pussy. It was too early in the morning for this. She was not a morning person and her brain wasn't working properly. A slave didn't have an option to be a morning person or not, she figured. A slave was ready for her owner at any time of the day. That definitely sounded like something Lauren would say in 'lecture mode', but it had come entirely from her.

Katie knew now that Lauren's 'lecturing' wasn't lecturing at all, it was training. She hadn't really understood before. The sleepover had changed all that. It was very clear to her now. She belonged to Lauren. She was her slave. Everything Lauren did was to train her to be better. Her owner wanted her to be trained to please her and to serve. She knew her life would be easier if she accepted her training. It was so easy to say.

"Kitty are you going to be a good girl for me today?"
"Yes Miss," Katie spat, the words not able to get out of her mouth quickly enough.
"A slave serves at all times Kitty, not only when she is with her owner. For breakfast you will have a bowl of bran. For lunch you will have a sandwich with chicken, lettuce, cucumber and tomato. You will have one glass of water at ten o'clock, another with your lunch at 12 o'clock and another at 2 o'clock. Do you understand Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"The glass you are to use is on your desk and that is where you will drink it. Now Kitty, come here and show me how much you will miss me."

Katie sniffed away the budding tears and leaned up on her knees, yearning forward for her owner's touch. Lauren shifted her weight and met the young girl at the edge of the couch, their lips locking in a kiss that neither girl would soon forget. Katie kept her hands behind her back, wanting to please her owner with the display of discipline. She desperately wanted to touch her owner, reach out and caress the toned body but something stopped her.

The kiss continued, tongue and lips dancing playfully, passionately as Lauren reinforced her dominance and Katie her submission. One was aware of the byplay of power in the innocent kiss, the other was oblivious to all but the pleasurable feelings that coursed through her young body.

The kiss lasted until Lauren heard the noise of a car. She bounced up off the couch and headed for the front door. "Come Kitty." Katie struggled to her feet, adjusted the small shorts she wore and followed her owner. Her breasts bounced as she hurried to the door. She blushed as she noticed her nipples were hard, rock hard. They created two tiny points under the tight material, each nipple a darker circle, clear, even from a distance, in the yellow singlet. 

"Kitty," Lauren said, turning around to face her once they reached the door. "Who do you belong to Kitty?"
"You Miss," she whispered timidly, fighting the urge to look back into the house to make sure her parent were nowhere in sight.
"Good girl. Remember that Kitty. Remember it and you will please. You serve me Kitty."

Lauren kissed her one last time, ordered her to carry the bags and headed out the door to her waiting mother. Katie watched the retreating figure of her owner as she headed down the front path. She was still in a daze from the speed with which the morning had progressed and the emotions that roiled within her. Lauren's cute butt bounced with each step and Katie almost forgot what she had been told to do, mesmerised by the sight. 

Katie came to as Lauren neared the car, snatched up the bags and ran through the front yard to catch her. She knew just what she would look like, her young breasts bouncing beneath the singlet that provided her with almost no support. Her breasts were firm, but they still moved amazingly when she did not wear a bra, something that never happened, not even around the house.

"Hi Katie. You look different today," Lauren's Mom called from the front seat.
"Hi Mrs Harper," Katie gasped as she hauled the bags onto the back seat. 
"Kitty!" Lauren whispered in her ear as she leaned out of the car for another bag. "Where have your manners gone? You are awfully familiar for a slave."
"New haircut Ma'am," Katie answered, gaining a nod of approval from Lauren. 

Too familiar? After Lauren had spent the weekend calling her parents by their first name, laughing and joking with them, she wasn't even allowed to call Lauren's mother by her proper name. She thought she had been respectful but she had failed yet again. It wasn't the way she had wanted to end her and Lauren's time together.

"Well you look very pretty dear. It really suits you."
"Thank you Ma'am."
"Bye Kitty," Lauren said, waving goodbye with a dainty undulation of her fingers.
"Bye Miss."
"Be good."

Those were the last words Katie heard as the car pulled away from the curb. She stood on the sidewalk watching the car disappear. Long after it had turned the corner and been lost to sight, the young teen remained standing in front of her house.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

Katie sat on her bed, lost. She had an entire day now, a day without Lauren. It had only just turned 8 o'clock and she was already at a loss as to what to do with herself. She had tidied her room already, made the bed and cleaned her desk. 

Breakfast. She had never had a bowl of bran in her life, always preferring the sugary cereals designed for kids. Her parents had begun to stir and she was relieved beyond belief that her nipples had gone down. She knew that both her parents had witnessed her arousal during the weekend but she did not want a repeat of those humiliating encounters. 

"The butterfly emerges Em," her father joked as she entered the kitchen.
"Oh Greg, stop it. Lauren got off early."
"She had lacrosse practice early. Her Mom picked her up," Katie offered, feeling weird that her owner was still the focus of attention even when she wasn't here.
"Katie are you really thinking of trying out for the team?" her Mother asked.
"If my fitness improves and Lauren says I should." 

Fly as close to the truth as you can, she urged, reinforcing the promise she had made to keep her lying to a minimum. She knew herself well enough to know her strengths and weaknesses and lying was right at the stop of the second list. Her entire idea of what the first list would constitute would have to drastically change. She didn't think watching TV and eating ice cream would be making the cut now that Lauren owned her.

"Bran?" Her parents chorused incredulously when she filled her bowl with the small brown flakes.
"Yeah, healthy remember," Katie sighed, worrying that everything she did would now be scrutinised and commented on by her parents. She really, really did not need that. 
"Well good for you Kat. Your Mom and I couldn't be happier with your new friend. We might just be too old fogeys but, well... we think Lauren is great."

Any other time she would have teased her dad for sounding so lame but all she said now was a quiet thanks and commenced eating the small pieces of cardboard that masqueraded as a cereal. How did people eat this by choice? She looked at her parents bowls and saw the answer. She had forgotten her parents mixed other things in with their bran, small pieces of diced fruit and a dollop of youghurt on the top. Here she was eating straight bran! Lauren had not said anything else so she supposed it made no difference.

She finished her bowl in silence, rinsed it and left it in the sink. She would come down later to clear and wash the dishes and said as much to her parents. She was rewarded with those same surprised looks that made her feel terrible. She had no one to blame but herself. It really was a pretty drastic change.

Breakfast over, Katie trudged upstairs, reticent to face the day. She didn't exactly know what she was going to do. How had it come to this? She was a world-class time-waster. Sundays were usually her day. She could always find a million and one things to do and now, without Lauren there controlling her time, she was at a loss. She flopped down onto her bed and stared at the ceiling, lamenting the apparent loss of her ability for spending time.

Homework. She hadn&#8217;t had a chance to do any so far and she had maths and English and an assignment on the civil war that she really needed to do. She should do those, after all her grades were really important now. And she could do some housework too. Lauren would be happy to know that she vacuumed or did some washing or just generally did some work around the house. She set the alarm on her phone for 10:00, looking at the large empty glass on her desk as she did so. She didn&#8217;t need to pee right now, but that was all she could think of once she spotted the glass. She would have to go after drinking so much, of that there was no doubt. Without Lauren around to ask permission she would have to wait until her allotted times.

Katie sat down at her desk, dug out her schoolbooks and started in on those pesky trigonometry problems that had always troubled her so much. After ten minutes she got up, pulled the bottom drawer from her desk and checked the little stash of hidden objects that had grown substantially over the weekend. She just wanted to check it was all there, just to be sure. That&#8217;s all she was doing. 

The little black felt bag was there, holding the glass dildo, her first online purchase. The tiny bullet vibrator was there as well, now accompanied by a coil of black rope and a folded yellow t-shirt. The inquisitive teen reached in and removed the shirt, holding it by the shoulders and shaking it out. It was a tiny t-shirt, barely a shirt at all. It would cover her breasts but she didn&#8217;t think it would do much more than that. It was the words stencilled across the chest that made her pause and blush -&nbsp; &#8216;May i pee?&#8217;. This was the shirt she would have to wear to ask permission to go to the toilet outside of her allotted hours. But that only worked if she knew Lauren would be watching on the other end of the link.
 
Katie&#8217;s eyes shot to her computer, the screen was dark but the computer itself was on. She jumped back into her chair, turned the monitor on and shook the mouse. Her screen burst into life and there it was. Her webcam had been on all morning and she had one viewer. Lauren couldn&#8217;t be there watching but she was logged in, no doubt about it. What if it wasn&#8217;t her at all? What if there was someone else who was watching her from Lauren&#8217;s computer? Katie took two deep breaths as she watched her image in the small box. She had to get a grip. This whole paranoia thing was starting to really make her brain ache.

There was nothing she could do about it now. She was supposed to be logged in all the time anyway, so she should be grateful for Lauren having already done it for her. She was sure the punishment would have been bad for forgetting for so long. A shuffling outside her door threw her into frantic action. She grabbed the shirt from the floor, slung it back into the space beneath the drawer and scrabbled to fit the drawer to its runners. It wouldn&#8217;t fit! Calm down idiot, of course it fits. Just line it up. Her fingers slipped on the edge of the drawer and it fell to the floor. Panic was mounting inside her now. If her parents saw this drawer out, they would know about her hiding spot. She pushed and twisted the drawer, desperate to hide any evidence of her secrets.

With a sense of overwhelming relief, the drawer found the runners and slid bumpily back into its slot. Katie scrambled back to her desk and sat down quickly, sliding her maths books in front of her and peering at them intently. The numbers on the page were a blur to the young girl, chest heaving, face flushed with the fear-fuelled adrenalin that still coursed through her body. Katie&#8217;s knee began to bounce, the pent-up energy looking for an outlet. 

Nothing. Minutes later she relaxed, leaning back on her chair and brushing her hair back from her face, hair that no longer existed. She flicked her head in annoyance, the reminder of her new hairstyle fuelling the frustration she was feeling. Had she imagined the noise? Was it just her parents walking past? The door was locked anyway idiot, she chastised, suddenly feeling very stupid and very foolish.

Katie looked sheepishly at the webcam, wondering what Lauren would make of that little episode. She smiled to think of it, but quickly looked back at her schoolwork. She was trapped in this relationship, this owner-slave dynamic that had taken over her life. Now that Lauren wasn&#8217;t here, even though she was constantly in her thoughts, she was feeling less and less comfortable with it. Lauren could be nice, there was no doubting that. She could be a really great friend, but she could also be terrible. Katie pulled the top of the singlet down a little, until she could see the highest of the thin red lines left by her shoelace. The line had faded, and would probably be gone tomorrow, but the fact that it was there at all spoke volumes.

Lauren didn&#8217;t like her, she only wanted to play with her, like a pet or a pretty toy. She used her, and abused her, she added feeling the keen sting of humiliation that her owner had seemed to derive such enjoyment from. It may be her fault that she was in the position she was in, so maybe it was up to her to get out of it. She liked Lauren she really did, her thoughts drifted to the graceful, toned body of her owner and the pleasure and satisfaction she had both given and received at that tender teenage temple. No, she said angrily, forcing her thoughts back on track. Focus: she liked Lauren she really did, but she didn&#8217;t want to be this way with her. She wanted her life back.

Katie&#8217;s cheeks burned at the memories of the last 48 hours; of what she had done, what she had been forced to do and those things she had not. She couldn&#8217;t deny now, in the cold light of day, that she had enjoyed some of what had happened, well a lot of what had happened. She had never thought she was a lesbian before, she still couldn&#8217;t really face that fact now but the way she had felt while doing some of those things had been well it made her feel, celestial. Katie smiled at the word. She had loved the sound of that word ever since she was a little kid and heard it on some science show. She still liked boys, she was sure of it. Seeing John working on his bike, his muscles rippling, had still sent the same old thrill through her. So what did that mean? And how the hell had this turned back to sex again? She was getting a one-track mind. She was supposed to be thinking about how to escape her current situation and get her life back on track, not providing her pussy fuel for creaming.

It was the first time in she didn&#8217;t know how long, that her pussy was not slick and damp with her arousal. She could still feel a subtle throb, every now and then; the remnant of the constant frustration and attention her sex had received over the weekend. She thought of it now, the smooth, bare area between her legs, the pain that it had seen, and the pleasure. 

Her eyes flicked to the webcam and she dove back into her books, needing the distraction. Every time she tried to think of Lauren, of her situation it always got turned around on her somehow. She didn&#8217;t even know how it happened but one moment she would be trying to think of some way to break Lauren&#8217;s hold over her, the next she would be thinking of her sweet smile, the mischievous sparkle in those captivating eyes or the tight pink lips of her pussy. Fuck, Katie snapped, throwing her pencil down on the desk. No more, she had to concentrate, stop these slu-, just stop these thoughts.

* * * * *

The musical tinkling of her phone made her look up from her books. The bright display flashed 10:00 at her. Katie marvelled at how quickly the time had passed once she had actually got stuck into her schoolwork. She was amazed at the progress she had made, actually starting to understand all the weird cosine and tangent stuff. What the hell she would ever do with it, she didn&#8217;t know, but she had felt a flush of pride when she had begun to get the right answer time after time. 

She knew she wasn&#8217;t stupid, it was just that she had never really bothered before, stopping at the first sign of difficulty. Lauren was right, she just needed to apply herself. Thoughts of Lauren reminded her what she had set the alarm for in the first place. She glanced at the large glass sitting neatly on a coaster at the end of the desk. She had studiously ignored its presence as she worked but now it loomed large before her.

She hadn&#8217;t any time to waste, knowing she had been ordered to drink a glass of water at 10 o&#8217;clock and knowing how strict Lauren was with her commands. She gathered the glass, scurried downstairs to fill it from the jug in the fridge and hurried back upstairs. She sat down at her desk and looked at the webcam, knowing Lauren had wanted her to drink here so she could see that Katie was following orders. She took a deep breath and swallowed mouthful after mouthful of the clear liquid, stopping only long enough to take one gasping breath before continuing to scull the drink. Long before the glass was empty she felt full. She didn&#8217;t want anymore, she couldn&#8217;t drink anymore. Each mouthful came slower, but the glass did not leave her lips until it was empty.

Katie felt the weight of the water sitting in her belly, bloating her. It wasn&#8217;t that she had drunk so much, it was just that she had done it so fast. The young girl, instantly felt nervous, knowing that she would need to pee after such a large drink. The nearest time she was permitted to use the bathroom was hours away. She just hoped she could make it that long. She looked back at her school books but decided she couldn&#8217;t sit still at the desk now, not after what she had just done. It was time for some housework, maybe that would help get some of the water out of her system.

* * * * *

Her Sunday passed in a whirl of chores and homework, eating and drinking at her allotted times, using the bathroom during her allowed periods. Even without her being there, Lauren was controlling her actions. Not as closely, Katie mused more than once, but still, enough so that she could never really feel in control. After lunch she had contemplated just lying on the couch and watching some TV, just vegging out like she had done so often before. The mere thought left her bored and fidgety, almost able to hear Lauren calling her a &#8216;lazy little piglet&#8217;.

At one point she had removed the coil of rope and spent an hour trying to wrap it neatly, barely improving her technique but improving nonetheless. She hadn&#8217;t been able to resist the temptation and had tied the rope around her ankles, just to see if she could do it. Her effort was a feeble ghost of Lauren&#8217;s tight, immaculate ties and she quickly stripped the rope from her feet blushing at her temerity in applying the rope in the first place.

Katie almost jumped out of her seat when her phone vibrated across the desktop. The phone was in her hand and answered in a split second, her heart already beating fast.

Hello Miss, Katie opened, having seen the caller id and knowing it was her owner.
Kitty, have you been a good girl for me today?
Yes Miss.
Tell me how you have been good for me?

Katie launched into a litany of her daily activity, being sure to leave nothing out. She did her best to let Lauren know she had been busy, trying to subtly highlight that she was making good decisions, thinking about how to serve. She thrilled with excitement at the occasional word of praise, unable to understand how easy it was to slip back into the submissive way of thinking when Lauren was around, even if it was only her voice. 

She had been fighting all day with the dilemma of the direction her life was heading, but at the first word from Lauren it was all forgotten. Her mood had veered wildly throughout the day: at times angry or sad, a deep melancholy falling over her as the afternoon had worn on, but now she was nothing but happy. Her chest swelled with the emotion, an irrepressible smile playing across her lips as she reported to her owner.

What is your Mom cooking for dinner Kitty?
Pork sausages, mashed potato, peas, carrots and squash, Miss, Katie replied, happy that she had already asked and planned to go down and help her mother prepare.
Good Kitty, you will have one sausage, one spoon of mash, four carrots and nine peas.
Yes Miss.

It was Lauren&#8217;s turn to feel the thrill of contact with her slave. She had seen a movie more than a year ago that had a profound effect upon her. She could still remember the way she felt when she watched, mesmerised, as a submissive girl had her meal chosen for her, right down to the number of peas. The chance to feel that again, to be a participant instead of witness, made her heart ache and her pussy pulse with excitement. She could have kissed Katie&#8217;s mother for choosing the meal. 

She had watched Katie process the command through the webcam, almost able to see her storing away the exact amount of food for later. She was a good girl, she really was. She could have been a stroppy little bitch, fighting her every step of the way but she had really taken to her training. Lauren had been prepared for either eventuality, it would just have meant that Katie would have spent a lot more of her time feeling pain and a lot more of her body marked with the results of her rebellion if she hadn't been so naturally inclined to serve.

You have an email Kitty. Read it now. Oh and Kitty?
Yes Miss?
Did you miss me today?
Yes Miss.

She had felt lost without her. She hadn&#8217;t wanted to delve too deeply into those feelings, and did not wish to do so now. The thought of the email sent a spike of dread shooting up her spine. Why couldn&#8217;t Lauren simply talk with her now? She knew the conversation was coming to an end but she couldn&#8217;t think how she could prolong it. For so much of the day she had never wanted to see Lauren again, the anger at the degrading treatment she had received fuelling her rebellious thoughts. Now that she was actually talking to her owner, connected to her through even a tenuous link, she did not want to lose her.

Bye Kitty.
Bye Miss, I Katie stammered but the connection was already broken.

The teenager looked at her phone in despair, she had wanted to express something to her owner but as she thought about it now, it was best that she had not. The realisation of what she was about to say made head hurt. Email! Yes check the email. She didn&#8217;t know if Lauren was watching her but she had a feeling that she was. Any hesitation or time-wasting was likely to be punished. She didn&#8217;t have time to wallow in the wash of her silly schoolgirl emotions.

Kitty

Without structure a slave risks idleness. The following routine is to be followed each and every day unless you receive specific orders.

MONDAY

6:00am Wake and rise
6:01am Warm-up exercises
6:30am Morning run
7.00am Cooldown &#8211; Attention
7:10am Shower
7:15am Pussy - Clit
7:20am Dress
7:25am Breakfast
7:35am Ready for school
7:45am School Bus
8:10am Arrive at School
8:15am Report to locker
8:30am Begin school
SCHOOL
3:00pm School Bus
3:30pm Warm-up exercises
4:00pm Pussy &#8211; Clit
4:05pm Walk Max
4:45pm Report dinner &#8211; School homework until dinner prep
7:00pm Blog
7:30pm Homework Task 1
8:30pm Homework Task 2
9:00pm Shower
9:05pm Bed

The rest of the email was more of the same, an almost minute by minute rundown of her life. How the hell could she keep up with all this? It was a strict routine, leaving her almost no time for anything else, especially early in the morning. Lauren had added at the end that if she had any questions, she would be allowed to ask them after dinner and once she had written her first blog entry. Well she certainly had a lot of questions, most of them starting with &#8216;why, what, how&#8217;! What worried her more than the punishing schedule was some of the activities themselves. She would require some clarification, even though she was pretty sure what &#8216;pussy-clit&#8217; meant for her.

 Tuesday's routine varied only slightly. 'Pussy-clit' was replaced with 'pussy-dildo' and everything past 3:30pm was replaced with 'Work'. Katie read through every day. Morning and afternoon every single day she had to play with her pussy for five minutes: Monday, Wednesday and Friday were marked 'clit', Tuesady and Thursday were 'dildo'. At no time would she be allowed to come she thought despondently. 

Right so from all that, what she had focused on was that she wasn't allowed to come. The whole fact that her owner had planned her entire week in advance and had scheduled daily, no twice daily, masturbation sessions was nothing? Yeah, just run of the mill, everyday slave stuff huh. 

Katie was trying to be strong and put on a brave face but the evidence of Lauren's control had got to her. She thought back on her day, the sense of loss and confusion she had felt without any structure but this was too much. She would have been able to snap out of feeling lost, she was sure. She would have been able to spend her time happily watching television, surfing the net and just generally bumming around, she just needed time away from Lauren's overwhelming influence. That would never happen now.

There was an asterisk next to&nbsp; Friday's 'SCHOOL'. The fine print let her know that this weekend's sleepover was not going to be a one-off event. The added note had read '* routine to be followed if not with owner'. Saturday and Sunday were mysteries, though she was sure Lauren would enlighten her at some time. She could hope that maybe her weekend's would be a little more open and flexible. She just didn't know how she was going to be able to stick to this. 

 She didn't have any longer to contemplate the coming week. Her mother called her to let her know that she was beginning dinner, her first real cooking lesson was about to begin. Katie closed the email and headed downstairs in a state of bewilderment, unable to forget what she had just read.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

My name is Kitty. I have been a slave for almost a week. I signed myself to my owner, Miss and I now belong to her. I don't know really much about what I am now but my owner has begun training me to be a better slave and she knows a lot about it and is teching me a lot. My owner says that a slave must always try and be better and I am trying. I am working on my schoolwork a lot more and today I did some good work on my trig and did all my equations. I started my assignment on General Lee to and it isn't due for two weeks. I have started doing more around the house to and I am learning to cook. Miss says that a slave must learn all about keeping a house clean and it is just one way that I can serve. I am exercising now to and I never did that before and I am eating healthier now to but I do miss ice cream and I have a job now to and that is another way I am serving my onwer. I have a new haircut and my sex is bare to and that is to look nice for my owner.

Katie sat back and looked at what she had written blazing on the screen before her. She had hit the 'post' button and she had made her first bog entry. That's all there was to it? It had been so easy, just login and write and post. Well the posting was easy but the writing was anything but.

It had taken her almost five minutes to get anything down at all. She had so many false starts that she had begun to get upset by her failure, thinking of what punishment Lauren would have for her if she failed to write her very first entry. Dear diary, dear blog, hi blog - all deleted, along with the worst start of all 'my name is Katie Thomas and I have been forced to become the slave of Lauren Harper'. That would have earned her the punishment of all punishments, she knew.

After that she had begun to panic and started to type any old thing that came into her head. She had not stopped typing until her phone beeped 7:30. She had written a lot. If she learned to use more than a couple of fingers she could do a lot more, though she didn't think she really wanted to. Writing about who she was and the way she was feeling was hard. She had quickly read back over her entry and it sounded stupid. There was nothing she could do now though, but it definitely did not make her sound like a particularly smart girl.

She hadn't strictly been told to finish at 7:30 but that is what her weekly routine called for so she figured she should get used to it. Katie had barely closed her blog when a message popped up on the screen. 

"Questions Kitty?"
"Hello Miss, yes Miss," Katie replied, feeling strange talking to the computer when all she got in return was cold, unfeeling text
"1."
"Um Miss, with, uh, the pussy-clit and the pussy-dildo, um what do I have to do?"
"Really Kitty? You are to sit in your chair, naked and play with your pussy in the specified manner. Clit means you will use your fingers and vibrator and stimulate your clit, nothing is to enter your cunt. Dildo means that you fuck yourself with your dildo. You are to do so for four minutes. Not a second less, not a second more."
"Thank you Miss," Katie said meekly, having already guessed but requiring the clarification despite how difficult it had been to hear. 
"Kitty what are you not to do?"
"I'm not to come Miss."
"Good girl. 2."
"Um Miss, does 'report dinner' mean to tell you what is for dinner?"
"Correct. You will ask your mother what is for dinner and report it to me so I can decide what you will eat."
"Miss, how do I do that?"
"Kitty, you open your mouth, put the food inside, chew and then you swallow."
"No, I mean sorry Miss. What I meant was how do I report to you," Katie replied sheepishly, knowing that Lauren was teasing her and knowing she had walked right into it.
"Come to your chair and say 'excuse me Miss'. Then you wait to be acknowledged."
"Yes Miss."
"3."
"Miss when I, um... 
"Kitty, move your chair back a step. Open your legs. Wider. When you sit on this chair this is how you sit. Shoulders back. Yes Kitty, your hands behind your back too."

Katie was now sitting straight-backed with her legs spread widely, well past the legs of the chair - obscenely wide. As Lauren had instructed her, she had moved her hands behind her back, as surreptitiously as she could, hoping her owner wouldn't notice they were not already there. She had cringed sheepishly when she had been caught out.

"This is how a slut sits. When you are in that chair, no matter what you are doing, you are to be truly what you are. You know how to sit at other times don't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss, with my legs straight and together but so my knees don't touch."
"Good girl."
"3."
"When I have to go for my run, where do I go?"
"You are to run the same circuit as walking Max. 
"4."
"Uh, Miss when I play with my pussy should I clean after?" Katie asked hesitantly, once she had remembered her question. She had been a little thrown by the unexpected posture training she had received. 
"Oh we're back to your pussy now are we Kitty? You are to clean your vibrator or dildo and your fingers. You may also clean the outside of your pussylips. Your fingers and tongue are the only things you will use to clean. That is a rule for you Kitty. Cleaning of all juices is to be done by mouth only. Anyone's juices and at any time." 
"5."
"Uh, Miss, that's all the questions I think."
"Well Kitty, it seems that you aren't too sure about playing with your pussy. Of your entire schedule that was the most interesting huh? Only to be expected. Shorts and panties off. Get your dildo and vibrator."

Katie instantly regretted her questions now. She knew her pussy was a little wet, it had been when she went to the toilet but it wasn't much, no cream. Her panties weren't soaking wet and the now smooth lips of her pussy weren't all slick and smeared with white goo. It had been the first time in a long time and she had cherished it. Now, because she couldn't keep her mouth shut and her mind off sex, she was going to have to play with herself, humiliate herself again. 

She was back in her chair, naked from the waste down in moments. Her dildo and vibrator resting on the desk in front of her. She was trembling in anticipation, knowing what was coming but still feeling the trepidation tighten her chest and belly.

"Four minutes of clit. Begin. Fingers first."

Katie's right hand quivered as it made its way between her legs. She didn't want to do this right now, and especially not on a webcam. What if her parents heard the buzzing. She only ever used her vibrator under the sheets and when she was sure her parents were nowhere near. Now she would be sitting out in the room with no cover. It wasn't loud but it was loud enough.

Katie tried to forget everything other than what she was doing. Her hands slipped across her clit, fingertips caressing the tiny pink bud. She rubbed up and down, slowly at first, her fingers parting to either side, not touching her little clit directly. She increased the tempo, fingers moving faster, pressing harder. The delicate fold of her hood began slipping over the suddenly stiffening nerve bundle. 

The half-naked teen moaned as her arousal intensified. She could feel her entire body heat up, her face and chest flushing with passion. Only moments ago she had not been in the mood and now here she was moaning and panting like a bitch on heat. She changed her motion, her fingers together now, rubbing across her clit in frantic sideways swipes. 

"Vibrator."

Katie's eyes had never left the monitor, mesmerised by the vision on her screen. She had been watching her fingers fly furiously across her pussy, unaware that her left hand had moved across her chest, pushing her breasts into her body and pinching her nipples gently.

The vibrator was in her hand and on her clit so quickly it seemed like magic. The small silver bullet-like device was buzzing frantically, pressed to the top of Katie's clit and moving in slow semi-circles above it. She had gasped as the humming length had touched her clit, lost now in the seething ocean of arousal into which she had submerged. 

The young girl panted as her eyelids slowly closed and opened, fluttering halfway, her vision a desire-soaked blur. She had forgotten all thoughts of anyone hearing the noise the vibrator was making, never once giving a thought to the sounds of ecstasy that were escaping her own mouth. She almost missed her owner's next command.

"Four minutes. Clean. Dildo."

Katie groaned and pouted petulantly before bringing the small vibrator to her mouth and licking it clean. Its surface was barely marked and two deft licks saw it abandoned to the desk. 

The hard, ridged shaft of her dildo slid inside her with almost no resistance. It wasn't until the second sphere that she had to push harder, her pussylips gripping the hard glass invader in a tight, inviting kiss. Katie lost track of time as the dildo slipped in and out of her. She was watching herself on the screen, feeling strangely detached, watching as she fucked herself. 

"Four minutes. Clean."

Noooooooooooo, Katie wailed. She should ask permission to come. She needed to. Lauren would let her, she wanted her to be happy. She should ask her. What's the worst that could happen? Her pussy pulsed as she tried to reason with herself.

The half-naked girl, slid the dildo from her sex and lifted it to her mouth, smelling the heady musk of her sex long before it made contact with her tongue. Fucking chicken! Fucking chicken cunt, she spat at herself. She knew she was weak, she couldn't help it. She wanted to come, she wanted it so bad. What she wanted more was for Lauren to be happy with her and she knew, she just knew, that Lauren did not want her to come now.

Katie kept hoping to see those magical little words appear on her screen: 'you may come Kitty'. They did not. She licked her cream from her dildo before resting it on the desk by the vibrator, swirling her tongue around her mouth, running it across her teeth, relishing her taste. This was what she did now. She never simply tasted the juices from her sex, she savoured them. Was that what a slut did?

For the first time since she began to pleasure herself, Katie looked down her body: her nipples stood as two tight pink sentinels protruding from the centre of each breast, her belly tensed and sucked in and out as she panted with unsated lust. Her pussy was the destination of her enquiring gaze, the blazing hot cleft between her legs that caused her so much trouble. 

She had seen the evidence on her screen but the detail was hard to see. Looking down had snapped everything into tight, crisp focus. Her newly bare labia were smeared with cream, thicker deposits clinging to the plump lips at the entrance to her vagina. She curled her fingers and scooped as much as she could, scraping three fingers across the smooth skin. She was about to slip her cream filled fingers in her mouth when a fresh message popped onto her screen.

"Time for your fix Kitty. Addiction can be a terrible thing and I always look after my property. I know that there is nothing we can do about the slut that you are, no one would have it any other way. So this is my concession to you.&nbsp; A satisfied Kitty is a happy Kitty."

Katie looked at the large blob of creamy discharge that clung to her fingertips. There was not a lot there but it was substantial enough. She remembered the last time Lauren had forced her to do this and how weird it had felt. It definitely wasn't just like sniffing when you had a cold. It had felt... wrong somehow, as if it really was a drug.

The wide-eyed schoolgirl looked pleadingly into the webcam, batting her lashes cutely, knowing even as she did so that in mere moments the creamy secretions from her sex would be inside her nose. Do it quick, she pleaded. Swift and sure, just like the way the hair had been taken from her pussy. Yeah, that comparison really didn't help. 

Her fingers were at her nose, pressed against her nostrils, before she knew it. She exhaled quickly through her mouth, closed her eyes and snorted violently. Her eyes watered and she pressed the sides of her nose with each hand to try and rid herself of the tingling, tickling sensation that surged up her nostrils and into her brain. 

"Back in position Kitty."

Katie sat back, spreading her legs widely as she had been taught. It was one of the worst things that she had done since becoming Lauren's slave. Her training had not been easy but snorting her own cream was something she never wanted to do again. It felt wrong. It was wrong. If there was going to be one thing she could ask not to happen again that was it. It was a strange thing to admit, but she would rather be punished than do it again.

"Kitty when you prepare for school you are to use that time to make your lunch, among other things. Emma has really go behind your training and there are heaps of lovely ingredients for you waiting in the kitchen. They are all together in the fridge so you don't need to stress yourself. You to mix a salad each day for school and you will drink a bottle of water from the cafeteria. Understand?"
"Yes Miss."
"I knew you would enjoy making your own meals. It's something you will need to learn and learn quickly."
"Yes Miss, thank you," Katie replied, feeling keenly aware of how strange it was to be holding a one way conversation with a computer screen. It made her feel a little disconnected and strange, it made her feel... in her place. She wasn't sure if that made sense, but so little of what was going on inside her did these days.

"Kitty go and shower now. All your showers will be taken in cold water only. Hot water is a privilege that you must earn and a&nbsp; slave's body cleans just as well in cold water. You have five minutes."

Katie sprang from the chair and ran into the bathroom. She wasted precious moments watching the cold water fall into the empty shower before she had the courage to step under the freezing wall of water. She yelped as she forced herself inside and closed the door. Her breath was taken away by the shock of the water, shoulders hunching, her entire body acting as if it was trying to collapse in upon itself. 

Her hands flew to the soap, desperate to wash her body as quickly as possible, not only to make it back within the time Lauren had specified but mainly to just get out of the torturously frigid rain. 

Katie slid her hands down her body, assisting the cold water to wash away the lather of soap, doing everything she could to end the shower as quickly as possible. She stepped out and mercifully turned off the flow. The cold left her scurrying for a towel. As she wrapped her shivering body in the welcoming warmth she realised that at least she was able to use a dry towel. 

Hooray for small miracles, she scoffed, shivering uncontrollably as she wiped her body. She was dry in moments, her frenzied movements removing every icy drop she could reach. Her hair remained a little damp but there was nothing she could do, she had no time. Why was it that she never had enough time?

The towel wrapped tightly around her body, Katie fled back to her room. The instant the door was closed and locked the young girl removed the damp towel and hung it on the door handle. She was back in her chair, naked and legs splayed as quickly as her young legs could carry her. 

"Brush your hair Kitty. 60 strokes," flashed in the chat window the moment her bare buttocks touched the seat.

Katie began without delay, brushing her jet black hair in long smooth strokes. She watched herself in the tiny webcam window, watching as her breasts swayed and flounced as she brushed. Her breasts were never still, the soft, malleable flesh in constant movement. her nipples remained hard from the cold, the occasional shiver another remnant of the recent Arctic shower. Each time her arm was raised she could feel the stiff bud of her nipple pull at the soft flesh of her breast. It was a maddening feeling, the urge to squeeze the tight pink bud like a niggling itch that could not be scratched.

At the end of the allotted strokes Katie replaced the brush on her desk and waited for Lauren to give her further instructions. The plump lips of her pussy pressed against the hard plastic of her seat, everything visible on the cam due to the position that she adopted: legs widely spread and back rod-straight.

Kitty, there are eight spelling and grammar mistakes in your blog. You have ten minutes to fix them, for each mistake that remains you will receive a strike. From now on you will check your writing at the end of each session.

Katie paled. She hadn&#8217;t realised there were any mistakes but she had been writing pretty quick and, to be honest, she didn&#8217;t really think much at all about what she was writing. Her body continued to shiver occasionally as she opened her blog and read over her first entry in earnest. Her nipples were still extremely hard, poking out from her breasts as if they were about to launch themselves at her monitor. She desperately wanted to touch them, not in a sexual way, just to squeeze them a little and get some warmth into them. It was annoying having them so hard while she was trying to focus on other things, she simply could not ignore them.

Katie read her blog and found the mistakes that Lauren had counted. She breathed a sigh of relief when she finally hit post and it was done. She had dodged a punishment but she would have to be more careful in the future. She would need to really check what she had written because the young schoolgirl doubted that Lauren would give her the exact number of errors in the future. 

Her task finished she was unsure exactly what she should do. She was naked, as she was supposed to be after her evening shower, but it definitely seemed too early for bed. She did want to- No she didn&#8217;t want to, she corrected. She would happily go to bed right now. Happy to have nothing else happen that night. She was contemplating whether or not to ask Lauren what to do, when a message popped up on her screen.

Kitty, check the following address. This is the blog you will check each night before bed.

Katie looked at the address and clicked on the highlighted text. A moment later she was staring at pictures of herself, seven pictures of herself. Lauren had created a blog to inform her of her outfit for the coming day. She had called it, appropriately enough, &#8216;Dressing Kitty&#8217;. She had even included a picture of the earrings that she was to wear. 

Katie just stared at the photos, dumbfounded. These were on the internet. Pictures of her nude, or pretty much so, were on the internet. And these were no webcam that could only be seen by a few. These were there for everyone. This wasn&#8217;t right. Someone would see these, surely. She had to say something. Even if she got in trouble, she just had to.

Um, thank you Miss. But Miss, someone will see these, it&#8217;s they can&#8217;t you email them to me?
Oh little miss dumdum. This blog is private. You have earned yourself a punishment for questioning me, Kitty. Dressing Kitty has been amended. Get your a pencil and a ruled pad.

Katie moved the mouse and refreshed the page before she reached for the writing equipment. There were only six images of her now &#8211; she would not be wearing panties to school tomorrow. This time she would not have the option of choosing a skirt that would make it impossible for anyone to see. Lauren had chosen her pretty cotton skirt, light blue and summery. She knew the skirt, it was short and swished with every movement, the material supple and flowing. All she could hope for was that it was not a windy day. She was such a dipshit. Why couldn&#8217;t she just shut her mouth? She should have trusted her owner. Lauren would look after her, she didn&#8217;t want anyone discovering the situation anymore than she did. 

 "Kitty you will write 100 times: I must trust my owner. My owner knows best. Once you have done this you will go to bed. No more lazy days, Kitty. You will bring your lines to school tomorrow."

Katie looked forlornly at the screen. As she placed pencil to paper to begin her lines she felt like a naughty little schoolgirl, which is exactly what she was. She hadn't written lines since grade school and she couldn't drive away the feeling that doing so now made her feel small and stupid.

I must trust my owner. My owner knows best. Katie stared at the words before she started her next line. It was exactly what she had said to herself. She knew what she had to do. She had already known. So why couldn't she just do it? She couldn't stop getting into trouble and making her owner work harder in training her. 

I must trust my owner. My owner knows best. The page was half full now and the words were flying around her brain, round and round in a neverending cycle. She thought the words five times for each time she wrote them. Once the page was filled she counted. Only 42 lines per page. She would need another full page and then some. 

Katie had no idea how long it had taken her to write the first page but she felt sure the second went faster. The third page, and it's final sixteen lines, were over before she knew it and yet, those words still resounded inside her. She said goodnight to her owner but received no response. Was Lauren still there? She couldn't wait for a reply, she had been told to go to bed once she was finished. Just a minute, she thought. I can stay for just a minute. No dumbass, now. Was she trying for more punishment?

Katie turned off her monitor with one last, melancholy look for anything new, any last words from Lauren. The screen remained blank and turned dark without giving the anxious teen what she wanted. She turned off the light and scrambled into bed, enjoying the feel of the covers sliding over her bare skin, enveloping her in their comforting layers. It did not take long for her body to warm now. 

She lay in the darkness, curled on her right side, staring at the pale square of light that was her window, the wan illumination from the streetlamp shining through weakly. It was close to her normal bedtime, well not her usual bedtime, but the one that Lauren had set for her and which she had quickly adopted as the norm. 

She was alone in her bed and it felt strange. Lauren had only been there for two nights, so why did her bed now feel so empty and cold? Katie shifted position, shuffling onto her back, her hands now resting by her sides, gently caressing the soft skin of her hips. It was a while before she realised that her fingers had slowly crept past her hipbones. 

The despondent teen curled back on her side, and crossed her arms in front of her chest, removing them from temptation. She couldn't stop herself from sliding a thumb into her mouth, not wanting to but not able to stop the slow, inexorable journey. It wasn't the same, it didn't feel right and she felt stupid for doing it. She pulled the thumb from her mouth and curled her small hands into tight fists. What was wrong with her?

In the silence and the darkness, as she lay alone in her bed, waiting for sleep, those small words kept rolling over and over like a mantra. I must trust my owner. My owner knows best. The impressionable young girl fell asleep to the internal drone, lulled into the sweet release of oblivion by the comforting words.










Chapter 11&nbsp; A New Dawn

Katie woke abruptly, the alarm blaring in her ear. God she was stupid. She had set the alarm wrong. She had only just gone to sleep. In a daze, she reached over to the table by her bed and fumbled for the alarm switch. Six o'clock! No fucking way. 

The glimmer light that penetrated her curtain wasn't the streetlamps, it was the pale gleam of the dawn. She had to get up. Her day had started. Fucking hell, her day had started. The impact of that realisation hit her like a bucket of ice-water. Katie sprang from her bed and headed to her computer. She couldn't remember what she had to do first. It was either her exercises or a run. 

She was wasting time. She was so stupid. The very first thing she had to do, the very first. She was already fucking up. The anxious schoolgirl opened her emails, scanning for her schedule. It wasn't too hard, it was almost the last email she had received. She would have to sort these emails out, make them easier to find in future. 

Right. Six o'clock, exercises. Well 6:01 but it was already past that. She scrambled into the centre of the room and launched immediately into her exercise regime, counting out creamy pussy's as she pushed herself through the punishing routine. She didn't allow herself the pauses between exercises now. She was already behind and she couldn't afford any wasted time.

"Kitty wants to please," she gasped for the last time, standing at attention and facing her computer, knowing that Lauren was watching. There was no way she could possibly tell, but she had a feeling, a sixth sense. She knew her owner was watching her right now.

Her chest heaved as she struggled for breath after the punishing exercises. She regretted allowing herself those breaks now, knowing that it had made her less able to handle what was now expected of her. Never again, not with the schedule Lauren had set. Katie grabbed her exercise shorts and top from her drawer and slipped them on. She was amazed at how quickly she could get dressed now. When she only wore two tiny pieces of material that barely covered the parts of her body she had to by law, well it was understandable that it actually took longer to tie her shoes.

Still breathing heavily, Katie ran from her room and out the back door. She couldn't take her keys so she had to go out the back, at least with the dog there she could leave the backdoor unlocked. Max danced around her, eager for attention but Katie had no time. She had glanced at the clock before she ran from her room. It was 6:34, four minutes after her scheduled start time.

Lauren had told her she must run the same circuit along which she walked Max. She knew she could not keep running that entire distance. She knew she would have to alternate between running, jogging and walking. Maybe slip some shambling in there too. She had only reached the end of the first block and she had already slowed.

Her heart beat machine-gun fast as she struggled to keep the pace she had set. She had no watch so all she could do was guess the time it was taking her. She just needed to move as fast as she could, trying desperately to make up some of the time she had lost. By the third block she was walking, panting heavily. Her nipples, much to her chagrin, were hard, the constant movement and the cool air of the morning doing their dastardly work. 

Despite the way she felt and the way her body was suffering, she couldn't help but feel sexy. She knew the terribly brief outfit clung to her curves, accentuating the charms of her young body. She had passed a few other runners, out so early, and the two men she had seen had almost fallen over, so intent were they on watching her supple body as she approached.

Her face was already flushed with the exertion but she was sure the heat intensified under the gaze of her fellow joggers. She mumbled a feeble hello in response to their eager greetings, knowing where their eyes rested. Katie kept her gaze firmly on the sidewalk in front of her, unable to meet their gaze.

She felt small and vulnerable whenever they were near, the tight anxious fluttering filling her belly each time she saw a new stranger in the distance. If she felt so exposed, as if she was out here naked, why was she also feeling sexy. She couldn't understand it and her inability to know her own feelings worried her. 

She knew she was pretty, it wasn't that. The tiny outfit, the incredibly short shorts and the halter top that only covered her breasts, was designed for exercise so why did she feel like such a slut wearing them?

When she rounded the halfway mark, knowing that each step brought her closer to home, she perked up and began running again. It only lasted a block but she vowed that there would be no more walking. She would run for a block and then jog, alternating between the two speeds as best she could. 

She had been jogging slowly, her legs burning with each step when she noticed a man standing at the end of his drive, paper in hand, just staring at her. She was still two streets away from her house, and even though this was her neighbourhood, she knew almost no one in it. She had never seen this guy before, and she didn't like the look of him now.

He had to be old, late 40s at least, the grubby white singlet doing little to cover the large round belly that hung over the top of his striped boxers. Katie sped up to a full run as she neared his house, keeping her eyes to the ground but she sensed the man just standing there, unmoving, as she ran towards him. She knew the picture she presented, knowing the way her young body moved as she ran. 

There was nothing she could do. Her breasts would bounce and sway no matter how fast she moved. The tight shorts would cup her sex and the curves of her buttocks whether she walked or sprinted. All she could do was move past as quickly as she could, knowing that she was providing the old pervert with a show he would not soon forget.

She feel dirty as she passed the end of his drive, seeing him there, still as a statue as she passed within feet of him. She kept running all out, her heart thumping in her chest until she was well down the street. She didn't dare glance back, knowing that if she did and she saw him still there, she wouldn't be able to slow down, and she desperately needed to slow down. 

The exhausted teen slowly jogged the last block to her house. She had wanted to run the last part but the extra energy she expended to pass the pervert had taken all she had. The sensation that washed over her as she slipped through the side gate into her own backyard was like bliss. She bent over to catch her breath but scurried inside the moment she sensed Max sniffing at her. 

She was upstairs in moments, safe within her room, standing at attention in front of her computer. She had filled her glass with water as she passed through the kitchen but she first needed to get her breath back. It was 7:03, three minutes past when she should have returned but she had made up a little time. She was thankful for that at least. 

She took a small drink of her water, desperate to wet her parched mouth. The small drink turned into&nbsp; a long one and before she knew it the glass was empty. Panting she placed it back on the coaster and resumed her position. 7:09, she had one more minute before she had to... What did she have to do next? It was either shower or play with her pussy. She would need to check.

Shower, she read once the clock had ticked over the last minute. A cold shower, she reminded herself when she stepped inside the bathroom. She had peeled off her exercise outfit before she left her room as she had been told. She was only allowed to dress or undress in her room and Katie knew why. The damp towel felt uncomfortable wrapped around her but she was glad for its protection nonetheless.

Right, 5 minutes to get this over and done with. She knew she wasn't going to spend 5 minutes in the shower, no fucking way. She would be in and out of that frigid rain as quickly as possible.

True to her word, Katie was in and out of the shower in record time. She washed herself thoroughly, the spectre of the inspections Lauren had mentioned still hovering in the back of her mind. She needed the shower, of that there was no doubt. Her lithe young body had been drenched in sweat from the exhausting run and it was only as she stepped from the shower and dried herself that her heartbeat was finally coming back to normal.

She was back in her room at 7:14, sat on her chair, vibrator in hand. This was the moment she had been dreading. The moment that would start her arousal afresh. She didn't want to be wet all day. She didn't want to have to think about her pussy constantly. 

The moment the clock ticked 7:15, her fingers tentatively touched the top of her pussy, caressing the tiny clit, hidden beneath its hood of delicate skin. She moaned at the very first touch, the anticipation she had felt as she waited increasing the sensation. Her fingers moved faster and harder, sliding across the small button, tapping it gently.

She turned the vibrator on then, pressing it immediately to her flesh. She could not stifle the groan of pleasure that escaped her. It had been building ever since that very first touch. She closed her eyes as the ecstasy grew. She pressed the small silver bullet against her slit, sliding it around the hard bud before letting it come to rest above, pressing it against the base of her clit, losing herself in the tiny vibrations that pulsed along its length.

Katie opened her eyes, mortified at the sight before her. The clock on the computer read 7:21. She had gone over time. She had fucking gone over time. She was in trouble now. If there was one thing she couldn't afford to waste time on this was it. Lauren would definitely have something to say about this. 

The frantic teen twisted the end of the vibrator, not realising until now just how noisy it had been. The room was deathly silent, the lack of sound heightened by how loud the tiny vibrator had been. Surely it could be heard outside her room. She had always used it under the covers for a reason. 

She slid the vibrator across the desk as she jumped up from her chair. She couldn't waste any more time worrying now. If she had earned a punishment then there was nothing she could do. if someone had heard her pleasuring herself, then there was nothing she could do. The only thing she could do now was stick to her schedule as best she could.

Katie quickly referenced the blog that would tell her what to wear, not trusting her memory of the night before. Skirt, blouse, bra, shoes, socks, earrings. No panties, she lamented as she dressed hurriedly, berating herself yet again for being so stupid the night before. At least Lauren had chosen sensible shoes for her. She really didn't think she could have coped with wearing heels, this skirt and no panties. Not to school, well not anywhere but especially not school.

Dressed, hairbrushed, light touches of makeup on. She was ready to face the day, well as ready as she would ever be. She looked directly at the webcam before leaving the room, but not able to sense her owner this time. Was she watching or was she getting ready for school too.

Breakfast was a bland bowl of bran that she forced herself to eat, but at least it finally gave her the chance to catch up on the time she had wasted. She was back in her room two minutes early and hurriedly packed her bag, making sure to add the carefully folded pages of lines and her dildo to the bag. 

She still had to make her lunch. The ingredients her mother had purchased at Lauren's behest were all in the fridge, all she had to do was add them all to the container and add it to her bag. Two different types of lettuce, grated carrot, avocado, pinenuts, cherry tomatoes and a drizzle of olive oil. 

As she closed the lid on the small tupperware container, Katie realised she had actually quite enjoyed putting the salad together. She only hoped it would taste as nice as Lauren had said it would. She had never been a salad fan, preferring her food to be full of meat. She would be eating this very salad, or something very similar, each day at school. It had to be good.

7:47, time to catch the bus. She was a little late once again but it was her first day. That wouldn't cut it with her owner but the young girl told herself she would do better tomorrow. She knew what to expect now. 

Katie was at her stop more than a minute before the school bus arrived. She was lucky the bus only picked up once every couple of blocks. She had been two minutes behind. Lauren had set her schedule extremely tight and if the bus had collected her from her house, she would have been late. Missing the bus would have been... She didn't want to think about it.

The ride to school was uneventful. She was able to sit towards the back, with the girls from her own grade, thankfully able to stay well away from Pierre. She could see him at the front of the bus, staring at her occasionally. He was such a creepy little fuck. Probably thinks we are best friends nowafter sitting next to him once, katie thought. Freak.

Karen Henderson was on the bus, sitting on the back seat, surrounded by her friends as if they were her entourage. Katie looked her way and smiled meekly, hoping that her worst fears were unfounded. Karen smiled sweetly back at her, giving Katie hope that she had simply been paranoid in thinking the popular girl had known what she had been doing in the restroom. The very memory made her blush. 

The moment Katie had looked away, she heard furious whispering from the rear of the bus, followed immediately by the unmistakable sound of girlish laughter. The kind of laughter that was trying to be stifled: the hushed, furtive laughter of teenage girls. Girls who were laughing at her, Katie knew it. Karen had known what she had done and now her friends did too. How long was it before her entire grade knew, the entire school. Her day had not started out well, and it was only getting worse by the minute.

She couldn't wait to get off the bus, rushing out of her seat before it had even stopped. She was due at her locker in, 6 minutes or so her phone said. She didn't have any time to spare for worrying about her reputation. She hoped she was being paranoid, it wasn't like she didn't have a history of it, but the evidence was mounting against her. Denial was now all she had, that and the protection of her owner and Katie wasn't sure how useful that would be right now.

Didn't she have to trust her owner? Didn't her owner know best? She still carried the pieces of paper on which she had written those words so many times. She thought of them again now as she sped towards her locker. The thought of seeing Lauren again made her heart skip. Would she be waiting for her to report? 

When she arrived, somewhat breathless from her headlong rush to make her time, Lauren was not there. Miranda was, packing her own books and miscellaneous paraphernalia into her locker.

"Hey Kat-, woah what did you do?"
"Oh hey Miranda. Um, oh I got my hair cut?" Katie blabbed, realising after a moment what she was talking about.
"Wow, it looks really different. I mean, don't get me wrong Katie, it looks amazing. It's just that you look like a different person. What made you do it?"
"Oh it was just time for a change," she said feebly, already struggling with the lies she would need to tell.
"You look really pretty, like y'know you were pretty before but now it's like the guys are really going to notice you. I already saw Tom Mason check you out before."

Tom Mason? Not quite star quarterback but one of those receiver guys that caught the ball a lot and made lots of touchdowns. He usually dated cheerleaders, girls like Karen. She wasn't in Karen's league, new haircut or not. It didn't matter anyway, she belonged to Lauren. It didn't matter who was interested in her. 

"Yeah, believe it Katie. There's something different about you and it's not just the haircut. Oh my god, you and Pete didn't?
"No way. Miranda! Pete and I were just friends. He kissed me once but that's it. Nothing's ever gonna happen there."
"Ok, ok, well there's something," Miranda smiled wickedly, letting Katie know this was far from over. 

If only you knew, Katie thought. Fucking Pete, as if. The very thought of it made Katie laugh. But what had Miranda picked up on? Was she different now? Had making love to Lauren changed her in some way? She had lost her virginity! The thought hadn't even crossed her mind before. It didn't matter that it was with a girl, she had sex with another person, more than once. Girl or no, she was not a virgin anymore. Could you really tell?

Or maybe it was the way she was dressed. This was definitely the sexiest she had ever dressed to school. Someone brushed past her, their bag causing her soft skirt to swish and billow as it was caught in the draft. The fact that underneath that thin garment she was naked, more naked than she had ever been now that her sex had been bared of all it's hair, came crashing back to her. She thought back to how she had all but run to reach her locker in time, how her skirt had moved then, brushing the back of her thighs with each hurried step. 

She had to be more careful. The skirt was only short, coming barely halfway to her knees, the danger of exposing more than she cared to reveal, more than was decent, put her instantly on edge. She packed her books and lunch into her locker, keeping only the small bag she took to class, containing her dildo, as always, but now it also held the three pages of lines she had written out the night before. The things she had to worry about just kept increasing.

 The anxious schoolgirl looked around for Lauren, wondering finally if she was even supposed to see her before school. Maybe reporting to her locker was just how it sounded, she had to report to her locker, not to Lauren. It was time to get to class, with Lauren still not in sight, Katie headed off to her first class, a great many thoughts and concerns swirling around inside her brain, but foremost among them was when she would get to see her owner.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

Her heart skipped a beat. Lauren was there, in her usual spot towards the front of the class. It had taken until third period to see her and the wait had been an anxious one, filled with worry and doubt. Katie visibly relaxed when she saw her owner. She hadn&#8217;t realised she was so tense but a great weight seemed to fall from her as she watched Lauren chat away to a small group of people sitting around her. Katie wanted desperately to go over to her, but she knew she couldn&#8217;t. She had thought long and hard during the two periods of that morning and she had come to a decision, an epiphany almost.

She had been a fugitive, these last few days. On the run from herself. She liked Lauren and she wanted to be her friend. More than that, she wanted to be Lauren&#8217;s best friend and she wanted the same in return. Katie knew that there was one great impediment in the way: her behaviour. Lauren was definitely set upon the course of making her a slave. She had come to terms with that too. She didn&#8217;t like it and didn&#8217;t accept that it was inevitable but she knew that this was the confinement within which she had to work. She needed to obey and be as good as she could, impress Lauren and get her to like her more and more. If only she would see how much they really did like each other, she would surely wish for the whole slave thing to dissolve, to stay in the past as an exciting chapter in their friendship but one that was over. All she needed to do was keep Lauren happy, make her smile and laugh and show her how much she cared and then Then they could be together without the rest of it.

First though she needed to serve her owner. She needed to do what Lauren wanted, when she wanted and the way that she wanted. She was already doing it anyway, she didn&#8217;t have a choice. But if she really tried, really put herself into it, then she was sure she could make her owner happy. If she served really well, Lauren would come around eventually.

Katie almost didn&#8217;t notice that the lesson had started. Mr Kennedy had already called for the homework to be passed forward and Katie dug in her bag for her completed equations. It was the first time in a long time, maybe ever, that she would be handing in her maths homework actually completely done. She paused for a moment as she found the folded lines that she had written the night before, espousing the creed to which she knew she must adhere. My owner knows best, Katie mused as she dug further into her bag for her homework.

She sat up in surprise when the folded paper was wrenched from her hand. Marcus had been waiting for her to hand him her homework and the first piece of paper she produced from her bag was good enough for him. She sat dumbfounded for a moment, too dazed to move. Her lines, the lines she had written for Lauren. They were being passed forward to Mr Kennedy. She had to do something. Move, you fucking idiot. MOVE. Katie sprang from her chair as if propelled by a rocket. She was almost to the front of the class before she knew it. She snatched her lines from the girl holding them, not even noticing who it was. It was only once those lines, those three pages of incriminating text, were in her possession once again that the fog that had descended on her senses finally cleared.

Katie Thomas, what do you think you are doing? Mr Kennedy asked, staring at her, as was the entire class.
Um, Mr Kennedy, um. It was Marcus, Sir. He just took the wrong stuff. It wasn&#8217;t my homework. See this is my homework but this isn&#8217;t and I was just, um getting it back. This is my homework, Katie ended feebly, handing her actual homework to the teacher with her left hand while her right clenched tightly around the small square of folded paper. No one would be taking it from her again.
Well Miss Thomas, you can wait here while I mark your homework first, seeing that you are so eager.

Katie shuffled to the teacher&#8217;s desk and stood beside it while he sat down and marked her homework. She kept her eyes on the desk, unable to force herself to look anywhere else. She knew the whole class was watching her. The heat in her face let her know that she was almost glowing with the humiliating blush that she could not control. She was normally so quiet in class, especially in maths. She never wanted to get called on. Mr Kennedy was a good teacher but he liked students to come to the board and do equations and she had so far studiously avoided being one of his victims. She knew, she just fucking knew, that was about to change. She was already standing in front of the-

Shit! Katie began to tremble, her palms becoming clammy as the anxiety descended upon her. She was standing at attention. She hadn&#8217;t even thought about what she was doing. Her eyes almost flicked to Lauren, to gauge her reaction and to seek some comfort. But she could not. Her face burned with an intensity she could not fathom. She must be as red as a tomato now. She was actually standing at attention in front of the whole class, her legs spread to shoulder-width and her hands behind her back. How could she have just stood like that, automatically? The class was silent. That in itself told her that something was wrong.

Holy shit, what if it was something more than just her standing at attention? What if, no her nipples were not hard. Oh god, what if a tiny dribble of her cream had run down her leg, past her skirtline? Don&#8217;t be so stupid, you would have felt it. Besides, you aren&#8217;t that turned on. Wet, yes. But not enough to do that. The lack of panties was fuelling the growing paranoia, heightening it to a point where she almost felt nauseous. Please let this be over soon, please. God, what if Mr Kennedy wanted to see the other piece of paper. She would run from the room and hide before she would relinquish her lines to anyone but Lauren. Detention or not, punishment or not, no one would read those pages but her owner.

Well Katie, this is exceptional. Fifteen out of fifteen. Excellent work. I must say though, it is very different from the norm. What was your last score?
Urgh, Katie gurgled, her throat dry and constricted by the panic that had risen inside her. She cleared her throat and tried again. Um, eight Sir.
Yes, always enough just to pass but never enough effort to actually stand out. I think you have been foxing us all Katie. Take your seat. Class, there is an equation on the board. Solve it while I mark the rest of these. If you understood the homework, really understood it, you shouldn&#8217;t have any trouble.

Katie scurried back to her seat, desperate not to be the focus of every pair of eyes in the room for one second longer. She flopped into her chair, cringing as the bare skin of her buttocks and thighs impacted on the hard plastic seat. The lack of panties was a constant concern for the young schoolgirl, buzzing around the edges of her consciousness like an annoying mosquito, every now and then coming into clearer focus. She felt it&#8217;s sting now as she shifted on her seat, wanting to adjust her position and flip her skirt up under her behind but unable to move. She needed people to stop looking at her, any movement would just draw their attention once again and she didn&#8217;t need anyone seeing she wasn&#8217;t wearing panties. All it would take is that momentary glimpse as she flipped the short skirt under her.

So she sat still, stuffed her lines back into her bag, deep into her bag, and copied down the equation on the board. This was something she could do. She needed a distraction, desperately. If people didn&#8217;t stop looking at her she felt she would go mad. Katie tried to forget the outside world and focus on the equation she had been set. The hours she had spent yesterday paid off and she was able to solve it, despite the distractions that threatened to overwhelm her.

Huh? Katie said dazedly.
Well Miss Thomas you do seem to be struggling for vocalisation today, Mr Kennedy said, smirking as the class tittered. Not to worry, you won&#8217;t be needing it for a while.

Mr Kennedy held out a small stick of chalk, motioning for Katie to come up to the front of the class and solve the equation. She knew it and she was right. The moment she had left her seat in pursuit of her lines, her fate had been set. There was nothing she could do. If she stayed seated, everyone would watch her and wonder why. If she got up, everyone would watch her as she solved the equation. Everyone was already watching her, she could feel their eyes, almost as if their gaze was pushing on her with a physical force. She felt a trickle of sweat roll down her side. Her heart beat in a manic staccato and each pulse of blood through her veins felt as if it would burst from her fingertips. She was losing it.

Almost without conscious thought Katie rose from her chair, all her focus concentrated on her skirt. Her hands smoothed the soft material past her buttocks as she peeled her bare flesh from the plastic seat. The trembling teen edged forward, each step resounding loudly in her brain.

She felt as if she was walking down death row, the piece of chalk bobbing with exaggerated slowness in the teacher&#8217;s hand, beckoning her to her end. She swallowed, her dry throat balking at the action. She sucked her tongue to try and moisten her mouth as she took the chalk and stepped to the blackboard. All she could think about was what she looked like from behind, her pert buttocks covered by the thin material of her short skirt, the long expanse of leg she was showing, from mid-thigh to ankle. Everyone would be looking at her, wondering if she was wearing panties. But Lauren would be looking at her as well. The thought gave her strength and she tried to focus on the equation on the board.

Once her dazed mind had something on which to hold, it gripped tightly and refused to let go. Katie tapped away at the board, filling the blank space with a jumble of letters, numbers and symbols, the gobbledegook actually making sense to her. And there is was, finally: - sin x. She looked at Mr Kennedy. The middle-age teacher gave her a soft clap and took the chalk back, motioning for her to sit. Katie risked a quick peek at Lauren as she hurried to regain her seat, her entire body thrilling as if shocked by static electricity when she saw the smile on her owner&#8217;s face. She was smiling at her, at how she had solved the equation. She was making Lauren happy by applying herself to her schoolwork.

Katie hid her own timid smile behind her hand as she moved to her seat, where she stopped dead in her tracks. After a moment of shocked paralysis, she slunk into her chair, making sure her skirt was pressed tightly to the back of her legs as she sat. Her breathing started to get ragged again and she could feel the fever burn inside her, lighting up her cheeks in a burst of shame. There was a mark on her seat. A small spot right in the middle, the dried remnant of a small droplet of liquid. She knew exactly what had happened. The humiliation consumed her and she hung her head, toying with the pages of her textbook as she tried to rally her tattered self-esteem.

Her pussy was wet, that she had known, but it wasn&#8217;t real bad. She had been forced to play with herself that morning but she had moved on, almost forgotten the episode. She knew she wasn&#8217;t creaming but her bare sex was wet, wet enough to leave evidence behind. It was only small and it had dried while she had been at the board but it had happened. It couldn&#8217;t have, but it did. Had anyone noticed? The people beside her could have but she couldn&#8217;t even think of their names now. She had sat next to them for so long but right now they were just faceless people-shaped blobs, witnesses to her sluttishness. Maybe it was not from her at all? Maybe, it had already been on the seat and she just hadn&#8217;t noticed before. And maybe a polar bear would fall from the sky and crush her. Fucking maybes.

The rest of the class passed without incident but Katie barely noticed. She listened as best she could to Mr Kennedy, praying that he would call on someone else, doubting that she could have stood up again. That small mark on her chair had slowly grown in proportion until it covered almost the whole seat, a veritable puddle of secretion needed to create it. She couldn&#8217;t help herself. She knew she was being silly, but every time she thought of that small stain, she made it bigger. If she didn&#8217;t stop now she would have the whole class drenched in her pussy cream. She would have giggled if she wasn&#8217;t still so upset. She imagined dollops of thick white cream, dropping from the lights, covering the windows, dripping from the noses of her classmates, their hair plastered to their scalps by the cascade from her cunt.

So it was official, Katie thought, her mouth twitching sporadically as she tried to stifle the manic smile that seemed so insistent. She had gone insane. Her vagina had taken over her brain and she was now a sex lunatic. This was Lauren&#8217;s fault. She had ruined her. She looked up at her owner, one row ahead and three seats over. She was so pretty, her hair pulled back into a ponytail, high on her head. Several strands had escaped from the tie and her owner played with one of them now, twirling it around her fingers as she puzzled through the classwork. She was wearing a cute pair of three-quarter length pants, chequered in soft shades of grey, perfectly complemented by a tight green t-shirt. From this angle she could just see the curve of Lauren&#8217;s small breast, the outline perfectly captured by the tight material of her shirt.

The bell rang, startling the young girl with its strident alarum. Katie sat in her chair, slowing packing up her books, hoping that she could be the last to leave the class. Mr Kennedy watched her, wondering what had come over the girl. She seemed a completely different person. She looked different, she was showing definite aptitude for the subject and yet, she seemed almost completely preoccupied. She was definitely one to keep an eye on.

I&#8217;ll have my lines now Kitty.

 Katie looked up at her owner, happiness and relief lighting up her face. 'Yes Miss," she responded automatically, scrabbling around in her bag for those three small pieces of folded paper. Lauren had come to see her, finally. She had been waiting all day for this. It had been hard enough not knowing what Lauren was doing, but having her in sight, only feet away, had been torture. 

The seated schoolgirl smiled as she handed her owner the lines she had written as a punishment. Those pieces of paper held a truth that she was working hard to accept. Lauren took the paper from her and walked out of the room without a backward glance.

Katie packed her books in her bag in a bewildered daze. At least she had seen Lauren, and she did seem happy. Maybe she wanted to check the lines first, make sure that Katie had done the right thing, that all her lines were present and legible. Katie had made sure, double and triple checking that there were 100 lines. Once her owner saw she had been good and complied then maybe she would talk with her more.

Right now though she needed to get to lunch. Mr Kennedy was starting to look her way and the last thing she needed was to be stuck in here with a teacher during lunch. Her bag packed, she hurried from the room, smiling meekly at her teacher. She collected her salad from her locker and made her way to the cafeteria to get the small bottle of water she was allowed. 

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

"Katie are you serious?"
"What?"
"Salad? From home? You're not poor now are you?"
"No Dana, it's just healthy is all," Katie replied, unhappy that she had to answer these questions from her friends as well. Why did she even hang out with these girls?
"You're acting weird Katie. You get a new haircut, without telling anyone," Dana began, as if that was one of the worst crimes known to man, "then you are like some kind of teacher's pet in maths. And now this."
"Not weird really," Susan said, giving Dana a dirty look, "it's just like, you're acting different too."
"It's nothing," Katie pleaded, not wanting to get into this right now. She didn't want to be reminded of how different she seemed to everyone. She knew what they were talking about, but was so glad that they did not. She had realised she was a slut, and other people were starting to pick up on it too. She knew that was what it was, but there was no way in hell she would ever help anyone reach that conclusion. 

Katie ate her salad in silence after that, not enganging in the shallow conversations her friends seemed to enjoy. She looked around the table at all the other kids, eating hotdogs and burgers and chips. She was eating a salad and would be every single day. It didn't taste too bad, a little bland, but the worst thing was that as she finished swallowing the last piece of lettuce, she was still hungry. She wanted a burger, something more substantial. Something meaty.

Katie watched as her friends got up from the table, looking at her and headed off to find a quiet place to spend the rest of the lunch period. She knew where they would go, but she didn't much feel like sitting near the sports field. She knew it would be foolish to sit on the low seats, the constant danger of her skirt moving and revealing her lack of underwear was something she could not even contemplate. 

She didn't really want to spend time with her friends right now anyway. The fact that she had hung out with them out of convenience had been growing on her but the lunch today had solidified the feeling. She had always been the hanger-on of the group, always on the outside, the last to be invited, the first to be made fun of. 

She had always wanted to make more of a connection, and she had tried. She had watched the effortless ease with which other people hung out, the strong bonds they made, the way they behaved with their best friends. She had known that she did not have that with her friends. She had always known, but Lauren had awakened something inside her. She couldn't fool herself anymore and maybe they knew that too.

She didn't know what she should do now. Lauren had left her no instructions on how to pass her lunch period. She wanted to be with Lauren. She wanted that easy comfort she felt when she was with her. Katie drifted past her locker, depositing her tupperware bowl before moving on. 

The dazed schoolgirl found herself in the library. She had not meant to go anywhere in particular but her feet had led her here, back to where it had all began. Had she hoped to find her owner here? Lauren was probably off somewhere with her own friends, laughing and having fun. 

Katie jumped when she heard the sms come through, frenziedly scrabbling through her bag. She was frantic to retrieve her phone, knowing that her owner wanted her. Her stupid fingers couldn't find the buttons and she wasted precious seconds fumbling with the small device.

"Room 9C."

It was from Lauren. Katie was out of the library before her phone was even in her bag. She slowed down once she was in the halls, not wanting her skirt too move too frenetically, knowing the potential danger if she did so. Room 9C, she knew where that was, almost on the other side of the building, near the chemistry labs. 

Katie walked with a purpose, every step filled with trepidation but purposeful. Lauren was waiting for her and she mustn't keep her waiting. Lauren was waiting. The thought pushed her a little faster, her skirt swishing ever more violently. She adopted a speed that keep the soft material brushing the back of her thighs but still low enough not to reveal too much. The scurrying schoolgirl felt a flush of accomplishment at the realisation. She had managed to find the optimal speed to move in the short skirt. Yay, Katie thought, wondering what kind of medal she would receive for such a momentous discovery.

Her chest tightened as she reached her destination, room 9C. She took a deep breath and stepped inside, not wanting to waste anymore time. Lauren was waiting. The room was the typical lab, eight large square desks around which tall stools were clustered. Blackboard at one end, cabinets of apparatus at the other. 

Lauren was hiding. The anxious teen stalked down the aisle between the tables but Lauren was not there. Her owner wasn't squatting down behind a bench, waiting to surprise her. The room was empty. Despair washed over the young girl, almost bringing her to tears. Was Lauren just playing with her, tricking her? Was she, this very minute, somewhere in the school, laughing at her. Giggling at the bewildered, hurt look upon her slave's face.

It was only then that Katie noticed the small piece of paper lying on the floor behind the very back desk. She reached down for it, knowing instinctively that it was meant for her. Lauren had sent her here for a reason. It wasn't just a cruel trick. 

"Remove the green pen from your bag. Set your phone on the bench. Begin recording. Remove your skirt. Place the pen in your pussy until only the cap can be seen. Recite your name and the lesson that you learned. Remove the pen and leave it on the bench."

Katie looked at the note in disbelief. She had been worried about someone seeing under her skirt during the briefest of flashes as she walked. Now she would actually be without the skirt itself. She was in a classroom but the far wall was full of windows. There was even a small window in the door, though she doubted if she could be seen through that. 

This wasn't her bedroom. There was no lock on the door. She couldn't do this here. This was a classroom. In her school. She looked at the note again, read it again and again. What if someone else had seen it first? What if they had read it and left it there, right now just waiting for her to comply only to bust in on her.

She read the note one more time before the real lesson finally dawned on her. She looked through her bag, finding the thick green marker that she was knew was not one of hers. It was thicker than her thumb and much longer. Lauren had planned this a long time ago. Katie had always been going to do this, always.

Her hands trembled as she set her phone on the bench, propped up on her bag and began the video recording function. It wouldn't be real great quality but that was not what Lauren wanted. This was part of her training, a lesson to be learned, a test to pass.

Katie took a deep breath and quickly removed her skirt, folding it and placing it on the very edge of the bench, picking up the thick pen in the same motion. She stood back, her eyes constantly darting back to the door, sure that at any moment, half the school would come marching in. 

The pen slipped up inside her, smoothly and evenly in one long clean motion. Her pussy was much wetter than she had expected, she just hoped the pen would stay inside her. She pushed it one last inch with the tip of a finger, so only the cap was showing. Her plump pussylips gripped the smooth intruder holding on despite the slick coating that covered it. 

"My name is Kitty. I must trust my owner. My owner knows best."

Katie flushed as she said the words aloud, thinking of the humiliation that would engulf her if they were heard by anyone but her owner. She had said them loud, knowing they had to be heard on the video but not knowing how loud that needed to be. They echoed around the silent classroom as if they had a life of their own, searching for a way out, as if her own voice wanted to humiliate her.

Katie couldn&#8217;t really believe this was actually happening. It was more like a dream than reality. She was half-naked at school, exposed from the waist down with a pen inside her. She could feel it&#8217;s slim length penetrate deeply, her soft lips hugging the ridged cap in a tight embrace. Her short video was over and she could feel the pen slipping out of her. She snapped out of her daze, grabbed the pen and slid it smoothly out, moaning slightly as she did so. Even that small noise reverberated around the empty classroom, making it sound like half a dozen young sluts were pleasuring themselves. Katie&#8217;s rosy cheeks burned as she dropped the slimy pen on the bench and reached for her skirt.

A loud bang from the front of the classroom sent Katie ducking for cover, her heart near bursting in her young chest. That was the door, she thought, her panicked brain working for once. The scene was crystal clear to her. Someone had come in, she was sure of it. She held her skirt in her hands, squatting down behind the wide bench. Her hands trembled as she tried to slip her skirt on without standing up past the top of the bench. It was an extremely awkward process and she was also doing her darnedest not to make any noise. She was fucked. Even if she got her skirt on in time, the fact she was in the room during lunch, hiding down the back would be enough to land her in trouble. The pen, covered in her juices and the video on her- Holy shit, her phone was on the bench and it was still recording. She hadn&#8217;t had time to switch it off.

She couldn&#8217;t worry about that, she had to get dressed. The terrified schoolgirl could feel the cool air on her bare buttocks and focused on getting into the short skirt. Nothing else would matter if she was found half-naked. Her nightmares had never prepared her for this. Katie scrunched up her skirt, making a thick ring of material. It was the only way she could see that this would work. She brought the skirt down low and stepped into it one foot at a time, barely lifting each off the ground. She could see her pussy during the entire process, the plump lips glistening and open. She really didn&#8217;t need that reminder, she had to focus. She slid the scrunched material up her legs and past her knees. How was she going to do the next part without straightening up?

The frightened schoolgirl leaned forward, resting her head on the floor, using it to balance her body so she could use both hands to slide the skirt past her buttocks. It was awkward and put her in the unenvious position of having her bare ass pointing into the air, even if it was only for a few seconds. Done, she shouted triumphantly to herself. She smoothed the skirt down, covering as much of her body as it would allow, a manic grin spreading over her face at the achievement. Yep, she was losing it alright. She had turned into a nutter for sure. How could she be smiling now?

Her skirt on, though twisted and unkempt, she took a deep breath and figured what she could do now. How long had it taken to put her skirt on? How much noise had she made? She listened intently but couldn&#8217;t hear any sound from the room. What if they were on the other side of the bench, just standing there? What if they knew she was there and were waiting her out? What if they had her phone? She had to look. She couldn&#8217;t stay crouched behind the bench all day. Holding her breath, Katie peeked above the top of the table, her head rising slowly until she could see over the edge.

Her eyes flittered about the room, frantically trying to spot the intruder. Nothing. There was no way she had imagined that noise. It was too loud and strident, she could still hear it, still feel the rush of panic she had felt before she dived behind the bench. What if it was just some kid banging on doors, just mucking around? She knew they did it, she had seen the boys walk down the halls, banging each locker and door, revelling in the noise. Boys! Well there was no one here now. Her heart was still pounding in her chest as she snatched her phone, turned off the recording and threw it in her bag.

Katie stood up, her knees still trembling with the adrenalin-fuelled fear that had gripped her. She grabbed her bag and headed from the room, she needed to get outside. She had been scared once already and she needed to get into the hall, once she was out of the classroom she would feel better, she was sure. She looked back once, her eyes scouring the room quickly, resting on the goo-covered pen she had left behind. There was nothing else there, of that she was sure. She could almost laugh at the panic she had felt, at the mad scramble to cover her nudity. Maybe if the fear wasn&#8217;t still flowing through her, chilling her veins, maybe.

Careful now, Katie peeked through the window in the door and, seeing no one, stepped out into the corridor. There were a few people in the hall, but none seemed to take any real notice of her. She started to walk away, as nonchalantly as she could manage, but the instant she started a normal gait she could feel the twists in her skirt, knowing it was not sitting properly. What if it was riding up in the back, or caught? What if she was flashing her ass? The young girl&#8217;s hands flew to her behind, smoothing down the soft cotton material, assuaging her fears. Her body was covered, it was just that the skirt was twisted a little. She tried to right it as surreptitiously as she could without stopping. She needed to be far away from room 9C before she attracted any more attention.

The bell rang just as she was turning the corner, the loud noise making her jump, her already frayed nerves not able to handle the sudden jarring ring. 

Where did she have to be? Economics, snore. At least it would give her a chance to calm down. Nothing better for calming the nerves than to sit through a class on economics. It wasn&#8217;t totally true, it was just that Mrs Osborn had one of those voices. One of those droney, monotonous voices that could make anything sound boring. It so reminded her of that guy from that movie. She could just imagine Mrs Osborn saying Bueller, Bueller. It wasn&#8217;t that funny she tried to convince herself, wiping the smirk from her face as she entered the classroom.&nbsp; 

Before she had even sat down, her phone vibrated briefly, letting her know that she had received an sms. She had to check it, it might be from Lauren. Katie sat at her desk, glad that she had always tended to sit towards the back. She disliked having anyone behind her and had slowly been able to snare a back row seat in almost all of her classes. She smoothed her skirt behind her as she sat, determined to make sure there would be no further embarrassing splotches left behind on any of her chairs. The memory had her blushing and she hid her fiery face, bending down to dig her phone out of her bag.

Where&#8217;s my movie?

Katie could not believe she had been so stupid as to forget to send it. She fumbled with her touchscreen, naming the file &#8216;9C&#8217; and sending it off immediately. She hoped that she wouldn&#8217;t be punished for her lapse, but felt sure that she would. Her day had started to unravel almost the moment she woke up and she had never quite been able to regroup. She tucked her phone back into her bag and slipped out a pad and pen, knowing, as she did so, that she probably wouldn&#8217;t write much this lesson. As she straightened up, Katie happened to glance forward.

The blood rushed from her face only to be replaced moments later with red hot magma straight from the centre of the earth. Gavin Preston was staring straight at her. Not at her exactly, at her pussy. The way she had twisted her body as she hunched over her bag on the floor, hiding her phone from view, had opened her legs wider than she had expected. Gavin&#8217;s eyes were so wide he looked as if they were about to pop out. Despite the incapacitating humiliation that smothered her, she imagined the young boy&#8217;s eyes exploding from his face and steam jetting from his ears, as if he was some cartoon character.

Katie couldn&#8217;t breathe. She felt as if a great weight had descended upon her, crushing her chest. She couldn&#8217;t think either. Her brain just whirled and whirled, images of Gavin&#8217;s goggle-eyes and her bare pussy were all that would come into focus.

The moment Katie moved, Gavin twisted forward so swiftly Katie wondered if he had been looking at all. She knew he had, her entire body tingled with the humiliation that coursed through her. She knew what he had seen. Her legs had parted enough to keep her skirt taut, providing him, and anyone who had cared to look, with a view along her smooth white thighs and onwards to her bare, pink pussy, nestled gently against the dark blue plastic of her seat. Her legs were together now, almost. She had left them slightly apart as she had been told, the current situation not enough to override her training.

Mrs Osborn had started the lesson but Katie wasn&#8217;t listening. She couldn&#8217;t stop staring at Gavin, as if she could somehow wipe away his memories, if only she tried hard enough. He was a geeky boy, thin as a rake, hair a dishevelled mess. The clothes he wore were always messy and always plastered with dragons and other weird shit. Katie had never really taken much notice of the guy, he had just been part of the school scenery, but now he had become a larger than life participant in the humiliating school play she felt like she was in: A Midsummer Night&#8217;s Slut, starring Katie Thomas as Kitty the Slut.

Stop fucking around and focus, the flustered schoolgirl chastised. You just got caught. Think. Gavin was a geek, not many friends, not well liked in general, but the friends he did have were a close-knit group, always together. They didn&#8217;t need anyone else, they had found their tribe, comfortable in the knowledge that they belonged. Well she belonged too, Katie countered petulantly. Realising only after the words had formed and solidified, exactly what they meant. The question was, would he tell anyone? If he did, would anyone believe him? If they did, what did that mean? If they didn&#8217;t, what did that mean?

She needed to talk to Lauren. She needed to tell her what had happened. She would know what to do. She would know what to say. She needed her owner so badly it hurt. The ringing of the bell intruded on her musing. The class was over already? Katie looked down at her open pad, the page completely blank, she hadn&#8217;t even heard a word that Ozzy had said. She looked in Gavin&#8217;s direction but he was already gone. The rest of the class was slowly moving out the door but Gavin was nowhere to be seen. He must have run out the door the second the bell rang.

Katie could feel the tight tingling in her nose that meant tears would start falling anytime soon. She fought them back, not wanting to let the situation get the better of her. Hadn&#8217;t it already? She had been trying so hard to keep her composure and make sure no one knew she was naked under the short skirt. All it had taken was a momentary loss. Had she been destined to fail right from the very start? She didn&#8217;t want to believe that. She couldn&#8217;t believe that. It wasn&#8217;t as if she was flashing her panties all day long every time she wore a skirt. So why now, when there was even more at stake?

She didn&#8217;t have time to follow that train of thought. A soft, prompting cough from the front of the room reminded her she was still sitting in a class that had already finished. She glanced at Mrs Osborn, her embarrassment unable to be hidden. Katie slid her pad off the desk and into her bag and scurried from the room as if it was on fire. She had another two classes before the end of the day and she desperately, oh so desperately, wanted them to go smoothly. English and History were all that remained to her. Two subjects she could breeze through with minimal effort. But she needed to be there on time. Lauren was in her English class and the thought of seeing her owner again buoyed her spirits, her feet gaining a girlish bounce as she hurried to her next class.

She couldn&#8217;t forget what had happened, not in room 9C and not during economics. The worried schoolgirl could not even forget what had happened at lunch, the apparent spurning by her friends had affected her as much as the humiliating incidents that followed. She felt more alone than ever. Despite the way she was feeling, she could not ignore her body.

She needed to pee. Her phone was in her hand before she had taken two steps. The sms sent, a few steps later. She needed to pee now, but she had learnt her lesson on Friday. She could not expect Lauren to answer straight away and she could not afford to miss out again. She had too much to do now, she had a schedule to keep.

Lauren was already in the classroom when Katie arrived. The agitated teen wanted desperately to go to her owner, to pour her heart out and seek comfort in her arms. All she could do was smile sweetly, hoping to convey all her feelings with that one small gesture. Katie took her own seat quietly. She looked at the girl Lauren was talking to. 

As she looked away, unable to watch any longer, Katie realised she was jealous. The strange tightness she had felt in her chest, had eluded her at first. She had experienced so many strange sensations over the past week, but here was one she could identify once she had thought about it. She was actually jealous of another girl simply because they were talking to her owner. 

She didn't feel anything bad towards her, she knew that. It was just that she wanted it to be her. After what had just happened, Katie needed Lauren to tell her what to do. She needed to know how to deal with it. 

How had it come to this? Why was she having such trouble doing things for herself? She could if she wanted, it was just that... It was just that Lauren owned her now and it wasn't that she thought she should, it was just that she thought it was right. A slave trusted her owner and that meant for everything. She had to trust Lauren. She did trust Lauren. 

"Ok everyone, take your seats," bellowed&nbsp; Mr Sinclair as he closed the classroom door. "Today it's time to choose electives. There are four different books to choose from and the project will form the basis of 50% of the grade for the semester. Classes will be split for the rest of the semester. Tuesdays and Fridays you meet in your chosen class. Now the choices are..."

Mr Sinclair turned to the blackboard where the four titles had been written. Katie hadn't even noticed the writing before, but it didn't matter as none of it made sense to her anyway.

"Brave New World. Far From the Madding Crowd. Robinson Crusoe. Lord Jim. Those are the choices. There will be no others. You have five minutes to make a choice. Base your choice on the book you want to read, not on what your friends choose, or which teacher is taking which class. The assignments will not be easy so I suggest you choose wisely."

Katie had always liked Mr Sinclair. He had a strange syncopated way of speaking, emphasising what always seemed to be the wrong word in the sentence. It was a strange trait for an English teacher but he was definitely one of Katie's favourites. But this would mean for half of her lessons each week she might have a different teacher. She didn't want Miss Bolton, but it wasn't really up to her. 

The moment the books had been read out, Katie watched Lauren for a sign, any clue as to what she should choose. She couldn't just stare at her owner, that would be noticed and all she wanted to do for the rest of the day was be as invisible as she could be. As the minutes ticked past the young girl became frantic, looking more and more often at her owner for direction. 

What if this was a test? What if she had to choose the right book, the book that Lauren would choose. She might have been able to do it but she didn't know anything about the books themselves. She'd only even heard of one of them. 

"All those for Brave New World, come and take a book. A couple of people got up but Katie ignored everything but her owner. At the last second, Lauren stood up and reached out for a book. It was easy for her, she only had to take two steps. Katie launched herself from her chair to grab a copy before Mr Sinclair moved on to the next book. She knew that everyone was looking at her now but there was nothing she could do.

She quickly took a book, aware of the teacher's inquisitive glare. She must have looked like an idiot jumping out of her chair like that but at least her skirt had stayed down. Her pussy, and it's lack of covering, was never far from her mind. She looked up meekly at her teacher, smiling apologetically, knowing she was being a distraction. 

Katie was just glad that her face hadn't burst into a scarlet profusion as she was wont to do lately. Maybe she was getting over the maddening way she blushed whenever anyone looked her way. As she hurried back to her seat, a motion to her left caught her eye. She glanced that way, instantly wishing she hadn't. One of the geeks, one of Gavin's friends had quickly straightened up as she passed. That was the movement she had seen. 

Katie knew exactly what he had been doing, the pen in his hand a dead giveaway. So Gavin had told. He had run out of the last class as fast as he could, eager to spread the tale to the rest of them. She didn't even know the guy's name but he knew hers, and he knew she wasn't wearing any panties. Surely his childish attempt to see up her dress had been a fruitless endeavour. He was a whole aisle away. 

She felt the heat in her face as she sat down, her notions of some magical control she had gained over her own body, dashed in a second. What did it mean? How many of these guys knew? But what did they really know, they only had Gavin's word. Was that why they were trying to see? To confirm their friend's wild claim. 

Katie almost missed what Mr Sinclair was saying, worrying too much about boys trying to look up her skirt. She would have to be even more vigilant now. If she could keep her pussy hidden, they would all think Gavin was a liar. She couldn't help the small tear that welled in her eye at the thought. She wasn't just a schoolgirl anymore. She wasn't just wearing clothes to school, able to walk around and be left in peace like everyone else. She actually had to consciously think of hiding her pussy, something that should never have even made it onto her radar. 

Katie tried hard to pay attention to the class but it wasn't easy. Her legs were together, a good inch apart as her training demanded, but every time someone turned around she lost her place, worrying instead about if they could see anything, fighting the urge to press her legs firmly together. Lauren was only feet away and if she saw her out of position there would be trouble.

It just wasn't fair that this constant pall hung over her. Well, if you had behaved none of this would be happening. She wanted to tell herself to shut up but she knew she was right. She was still trying to cling to the outdated notion of fairness, despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary. If she wanted to think something wasn't fair, to blame someone for her current predicament, she need look no further than herself. She had rules to follow. She knew that and she was trying. She just hoped it would get easier.

It was at times like this that her collar began to loom large in her mind. She never truly forgot that it was there, the hard, unyielding ring always pressing on the delicate skin of her neck. But when she thought about Lauren, the rules she had been given and the way she needed to behave it began to consume her thoughts. She could almost feel the strong, metal band grow around her neck, hunging the tender flesh of her throat. 

She reached up and touched it now, running her two fingers of her right hand absently across the smooth surface. She had worn her collar for almost a week now and she was still not really used to it. Would she ever stop noticing it was there? It wasn't like a normal necklace, there was a lot more meaning in that silver circlet than there had been in all the rest of her jewellery combined. 

Thinking of her collar now only made her yearn for Lauren even more. She only wanted to talk to her owner. That was all. She wanted to tell her about Gavin and ask what she would do. She wanted her protection. She wanted to see her smile.

Katie looked down at the book she had chosen. It was a science fiction book, no wonder Lauren had chosen it. Something about the cover made her stare. Something about that shiny silver rocket. There was a niggling sensation, as of a memory trying hard to wriggle to the front of her consciousness. She clenched the book tightly, her knuckles turning white, as the memory wormed free, breaking to the surface.

Her fucking vibrator. Her goddam fucking vibrator. She hadn't put it away. She had just left it out on her desk. She could remember, in vivid technicolor glory, sliding it along her desk, desperate to stop pleasuring herself after she realised she had gone over time. She had been so flustered, so worried about her schedule that she had forgotten her cardinal rule: always put the toys away. 

What if her mother had come in and seen it? What if her father had? She couldn't breathe. Her vision was clouding. Her belly roiled and clenched wildly. Her heart hurt with every beat. Droplets of sweat ran down her side before soaking into her shirt. Was she having a heartattack? She was going to die at 16 from the fear of her parents discovering she was a slut. 

The bell rang, heralding the end of class. Katie jumped, startled by the sudden ringing. That fucking bell, she thought. It was starting to become the bane of her existence, but only because she was never paying attention. She had to snap herself back to reality, and at least the bell had helped with that. There was nothing she could do about her vibrator now. What's done is done. Knowing it was so was no comfort.

She packed her things away almost without thinking, her eyes tracking Lauren as she left the room. She would not see Lauren in her next period. If she wanted to see her, talk to her, now was her only chance.

Katie scrambled to her feet and dashed after her owner. She had not gone far and thankfully she was alone. Katie guessed she was heading to one of the advanced classes that she did, not the general direction her friends had taken. Katie caught up to her after only a few steps. Now what? This was as far as her plan had gone. How was she to get her owner's attention, without misbehaving. 

"Excuse me Miss," Katie said timidly, her voice hushed, hopefully projecting only as far as her owner's ears.
"Yes?" Lauren said, stopping and turning to look at the suddenly shy young girl.
"Um Miss, in my last class, um Gavin Preston saw up my skirt Miss," Katie gushed, the shame burning freshly at the mention.
"How exciting for him," Lauren teased.
"Um Miss, yes, but I think he told all his friends and now I think they are all trying to see."
"Kitty, you mean to tell me that a bunch of boys are trying to catch a glimpse of your pussy?"
"Yes Miss," Katie whispered, her eyes darting around the corridor, deathly afraid that someone would hear. Lauren wasn't even trying to keep her voice down.
"Don't you want to let them see, bring a little thrill to their lives?" said Lauren, giving an exaggerated shiver as spoke.
"No Miss."
"Why not?"
"Miss, um because, um my pussy belongs to you and you should decide who sees it."
"Good girl Kitty. So that means..."
"Uh," Katie looked around her, as if searching for inspiration from her surroundings.
"It means that you must be punished for showing someone something that is not yours to show. Now get to class, you'll be late. Oh and Kitty, you may go."

Katie watched her walk away, dazed by the conversation. That had not gone the way she had wanted it to. Lauren didn't seem mad at her, but she wasn't happy. What did she expect? She hadn't really thought about what had happened in the same way Lauren did. Not until it had been spelt out for her. The humiliation of someone else seeing her most intimate body part wasn't enough. Now she would be punished for it. That ugly little F word was about to make itself known, but Katie forced it away.

She couldn't stay here and wallow in her despair any longer. She needed to get to class. At least she had been given permission to pee. Her owner couldn't have been mad with her if she had allowed that, just disappointed. As she hurried to class she realised that the upsetting effect her humiliating flash had caused her meant nothing to Lauren. 

Her owner hadn't cared that she had been mortified by the experience, that she had struggled to breathe when she realised someone else knew she wasn't wearing panties. What was of importance to Lauren was that her property was seen without authorisation. She hadn't been joking and the punishment she would receive wouldn't be a laughing matter either.

Understanding Lauren's way of thinking was a shock to the young girl. Lauren did like her, she was sure of that. But only when she was being good. So that was how it was going to be? She didn't want it to be that way. She didn't wany anything to be this way. She wanted to be a normal girl, dressed in jeans and t-shirt, cruising through her teenage years like all the other girls she saw. That wasn't her life anymore. She had thought she had accepted that but she couldn't quite shake the feeling that this was all some big nightmare. 

History passed without a hitch. She hadn't had time to make it to a restroom before class, only just making it before the bell rang. She would have to wait until after class, the end of school. She would have to be quick. She didn't notice anyone trying to look up her skirt during her final class, but she didn't recognise any of Gavin's friends either. Not that she knew all of them of course.

She had such little time and she needed to pee extremely badly now. It was torture sitting through the entire class not able to move. If she had been allowed to cross her legs, that would have worked but sitting with her legs apart made it feel as if her bladder was expanding into the space between them. The need to squirm, to move in any way to alleviate the pressure grew to almost unendurable porportions. She breathed an audible sigh of relief when the bell rang, ending not only the schoolday but the torment of her enforced stillness.

Katie had left the class without a backward glance, knowing she had to get to the restroom relieve herself and be on the bus in a few short minutes. Why did she never have enough time? She ignored everything as she dashed to the nearest toilets, ignored the other girls inside and ignored them again as she washed her hands and exited. Yes, she had made it. Bus, here I come she said triumphantly.

A strange noise attracted her attention. Out of the end of school cacophony there was one sound that had jarred. She looked towards it. Gavin and one of his friends were standing right near her looking at a phone. They were that stupid? Or desperate. They had taken a photo of her in this busy hall and she could tell from their lust-filled amazement that they had got the shot they wanted. How, she wasn&#8217;t exactly sure but there was no doubt they were staring at a photo of her, pantyless. Katie didn&#8217;t know what to do now. What could she do, other than blubber like a little girl? She could already feel the tears brimming. Now they had proof, her secret was out, but she would have to tell Lauren and

The nightmarish train of thought was stopped in its tracks by the appearance of her owner. Lauren stepped in, snatched the phone and smashed it against the edge of a locker. The speed and fury with which she moved startled everyone, the whole corridor stopping to watch. Where only moments before there was a riot of noise and movement, stillness reigned. Katie looked at her owner, then at Gavin and his friend, then around her at the amazed and bewildered faces of the other students.

You need to be more careful. Those phones are worth a lot of money, Lauren sneered, breaking the silence.
You can&#8217;t do that. Fuck, you owe me a phone.
Yeah you can&#8217;t do that! Gavin piped in, adding his reedy voice in solidarity with his friend.
Do what?
You You, you broke my phone, he stammered, picking up the cracked pieces of his phone, cradling them lovingly in his cups hands.
Nah, you must have been mucking around when you two were fighting over it. Must&#8217;ve slipped out. What were you looking at that was so interesting?
Um.

Both boys hesitated, looking at each other and then at Katie. The trembling teen was still standing in the middle of the corridor, frozen in place, the tears that had threatened to fall, still pooling but their progress halted by the shocked turn the situation had taken. They both looked back at Lauren, then back at each other and decided that a smashed phone, and being the focus of the attention of so many people, was the best they could hope for from the current altercation. The sudden violence from Lauren was so casual that it left the boys, flustered and a little scared of her. She was only a slim girl, shorter than both of them, and yet the confidence that radiated from her intimidated them into silence. They looked at each other one last time before moving away, pushing through the crowd of confused onlookers.

Lauren smiled at their capitulation, assured of the outcome from the moment she had seized the phone. The little fuckers, fucking little fuckers. Trying to take a photo of her property. She wasn&#8217;t done with those little pricks, not by a long shot. Now if they had asked her, maybe she would have allowed them a better photographic opportunity. Lauren toyed with the thought, wondering if that was a possibility, turning it over in her head as she stalked through the halls, investigating every angle of the new scheme. There were pros and cons but she would have to weigh them very carefully and see how she felt about each. She had planned so carefully so far, now was not the time to slip.

Katie stared despondently at her owner as she walked away without the smallest of acknowledgements. As far as anyone else knew, Katie was just another bystander, witnessing some weird confrontation between Lauren and the two boys.&nbsp; That was it, she thought with sudden inspiration. Lauren had not acknowledged her because then everyone would have seen and known she was involved. The flush of emotion that swept through her was overwhelming. She felt as if she had been lifted off her feet and was floating along the hallway, her feet barely touching the ground. Lauren had come to her rescue, she had protected her when she needed it the most. She had looked after her and made sure she wasn&#8217;t involved in the scene that was sure to be the talk of the school tomorrow. It had all been for her.

The ebullient teenager floated all the way to the bus. She was early enough, getting her usual spot a few seats from the back. It was funny how she managed to have a locker next to Miranda, and they sat together on the bus. In some ways the girl was more a friend to her than her so-called &#8216;real friends&#8217;. She wasn&#8217;t a pretty girl - carrying a little too much weight, hair just a little too thin and limp, pimples marring the soft skin of her face - but she was nice and she had always been friendly to Katie.

What&#8217;s wrong with Karen, Katie asked, having noticed the gaggle of girls huddled around Karen Henderson at the back of the bus.
Ha, you know her. She&#8217;s got some deal with pens, you&#8217;ve seen em. One for every colour of the rainbow and then some, replied Miranda, before leaning in closer to Katie and lowering her voice to a conspiratorial whisper. It seems, that someone took one of them and spat on it or peed on it or pushed it in dogdoo or something. There&#8217;s quite a few versions. But get this, they left it in the lab, right where she sits for her to find, all gooey with whatever it was. Someone even reckons it was, boy-stuff, you know, when they Katie looked at Miranda, making short jerking movements with her hand. So now they&#8217;re all trying to figure out what it all means. The popular theory is that she has a stalker!

Katie heard the barely suppressed excitement in the bouncy schoolgirl&#8217;s voice, but it didn&#8217;t quite register. It was all Katie could do to keep breathing. It was Karen Henderson&#8217;s pen. She had stuck Karen Henderson&#8217;s pen into her pussy and left it on the desk for her to find. And now the hunt was on for the culprit. If anyone had seen her anywhere near that room she would be- She didn&#8217;t want to think about it. No one had seen her. No one could prove anything. No one but Lauren, and the video that she had sent her. The video that was still on her phone. She needed to delete it. She would have to ask Lauren if she could, plead with her if she had to. That was evidence that could be used against her, not only connecting her with the room but with the pen too, intimately.

Katie you ok?
Yeah, just um, just got a little lightheaded for a second.
You know Katie, I gotta say, I really like your hair. It must have taken a lot of guts to do that. I wish I had hair like yours instead of She flicked the stringy brown hair that hung limply by her face.

You could do a lot more with it. You need a good conditioner, something that repairs and strengthens. Maybe a hot oil treatment, Katie replied, thankful for the distraction. She had been slowly sinking into despair, stricken by the realisation that she was now the Phantom Pen Defiler and she had a whole squad of teenage girls on her trail.

You think? I don&#8217;t know anything about that stuff. Could um, could you? Uh do you think you could help me. I mean not do it or anything just, um tell me or give me hints or something.

Katie looked at the girl sitting beside her. The drab jeans she wore, loose and baggy, the shirt and jacket equally as bland, equally as baggy. She looked like one of those girls from those make-over movies. All she needed was a pair of nerdy glasses, maybe some braces and she would be perfect, well and a little prettier. Those movies were so lame, but they definitely struck a chord in the teenage zeitgeist. Miranda had a lot to work with. She had a lot of areas in which she could improve. It would be a fun project, but she would have to ask Lauren. She couldn&#8217;t believe that Miranda was actually nervous about asking for her help, but she could definitely relate. She knew what it was like to have that nervous tension twisting and writhing in your belly, coiling upwards into your throat each time you tried to speak.

Uh, I&#8217;ll have to see Miranda. I&#8217;d like to but I don&#8217;t have a lot of time. I have a job now and my schedule is pretty tight, Katie tried to sound light and non-committal but she could see Miranda deflate, the light going out of her big doe eyes. But I&#8217;m sure I can work something out.
Thanks so much Katie, Miranda gushed. It was almost like a dimmer switch had been slowly turned down as Katie watched, but was now flicked back to full.
No problem.

She was a fucking idiot. How could she promise such a thing? She would be punished for sure. She had way overstepped the mark on this one, but she had felt so bad for Miranda. She had almost felt her pain, the terrible feeling of not being good enough, not being wanted. She hadn&#8217;t been able to do that to someone else. She would tell Lauren everything, she had to. If she was going to do anything with Miranda she needed her owner&#8217;s permission. If Lauren said no, what would she do? She would have to crush Miranda then. The very thought made her chest tighten, the frightening grip on her heart making her grimace.

Miranda lived only one street away from Katie and decided that today, with her new-found solidarity, she wouldn&#8217;t mind getting off a stop early and walking with Katie for a bit. Katie was happy enough for the company, she couldn&#8217;t get in trouble for that, but she had a schedule to keep and she was walking fast to ensure she made no more mistakes that afternoon. Miranda struggled to keep up, but never once complained about the pace Katie had set. She kept up a near constant stream of breathless babble, but Katie was content to walk quietly, listening to the happy schoolgirl talk. It was a pleasant enough way to try and forget about the horrors of the day. She was desperate to ensure that the afternoon and night would be hassle-free. It would be just her and her owner, so she was sure it would be ok.

Thanks for walking with me Miranda. This is me. I&#8217;ll see you tomorrow.
Yeah thanks for walking with me too, Miranda replied weakly, knowing it sounded dumb, but happier than she had been in a long time.

Katie headed into her house, but turned to watch Miranda skip down the sidewalk, her hands clenched excitedly across her chest. She wondered just what she had done, but there wasn&#8217;t time to worry about it now. She had a schedule to keep and she needed to focus. As she made her way to her room, she thought about her day, cutting it into quarters: morning, school, afternoon and night. If she thought about it like that it made it a little easier to try and remember everything she had to do. She wasn&#8217;t sure what was first, but she thought it was her exercises. She would need to check, and that was the first thing she did once she made it to her room.

Her morning had not been too bad, though she had been behind schedule. School had been a nightmare but it was just one line on the list and she tried to block it out entirely. Afternoon, this was what she needed to know, eager for at least one part of her day to go smoothly, adamant that this was going to be it. She was going to start taking control of her day now. Stick to her schedule without fail. The vow made, she read her first task: exercises. 

Katie looked at the clock, she had four minutes before she needed to start. She quickly undressed in front of her computer putting her bra away and hurrying next door to dump the rest of her clothes in the hamper. She was glad no one else was home. She didn't have to worry about being seen naked. 

There were still two minutes before she had to start exercising. She wasn't sure if she was allowed to start early. She would need to ask Lauren the next time she had a chance. Unsure of what else to do, Katie faced her computer, looking directly at the webcam, and stood at attention. 

The first time she had been forced to stand this way it had felt strange and alien. It still felt a little odd, to be standing naked in her own room, hands resting obediently in the small of her back. Odd, but not uncomfortable. She had spent enough time like this over the last few days that her body seemed to have adapted. 

Two minutes wasn't long to wait. She filled the time with thoughts of the coming tasks. Next she would have to play with her pussy. "Fuck." The word was out of her mouth before she knew it. She had totally forgotten about her vibrator. She looked now, searching her desk. It was there, lying against the coaster. Was that really where she had left it? 

She remembered the panic she had felt that day at school when she realised she had forgotten to put it away. That had never happened before, never. She was always so careful to hide her dildo and vibrator. She had been so flustered that morning, so pressed for time. Yeah so pressed for time that she actually spent longer pleasuring herself than she was allowed. 

Katie was glad there was no more time for recriminations. The clock ticked over to 3:30 and she dived into her exercises. It was nice to be moving again. Being still wasn't bad, but it reminded her of those times Lauren paid her no attention. She was soon sweating with the exertion as she counted the creamy pussy's of her first plank. It had become second nature to her now. She had done this so many times that she performed wihout fault. She still blushed the first time she vocalised her exercise mantra: Kitty wants to please. She wished she didn't but she could not help it. Her body no longer listened to anything she had to say.

Panting and gasping she stood at attention after the final set, her eyes moving immediately to the clock. 3:56. Yes, she was on schedule. She could take a little time getting dressed before she had to walk... No that wasn't what was next. She remembered the order of activity now. She had to play with her clit first. Now she had to stand here, panting for breath, and wait to play with herself. She could have taken a little break between sets, just a little one to get her breath. 

Katie looked once again at her vibrator, the paranoia returning as she waited quietly. Had her parents seen the shiny silver bullet sitting openly on her desk? The very thought caused her throat to tighten. 4:00, pussy time. She tried to make light of what she had to do but it didn't work. She was still nervous, still not quite able to accept that she had to spend four minutes stimulating herself, whether she wanted to or not. More than anything else, it was this loss of control over her desire that reinforced her status. She was owned by someone else: all of her, all the time.

Four minutes passed in a hazey whirl of pleasure. She made sure she watched the time, her eyes never leaving the digital display, each minute ticking over with interminable slowness. Katie took right up where she had left off that morning. It had been so long ago, but to her pussy it was as if no time at all had passed. She was incredibly wet, her pussy pulsing as she focused all her energy on her clit. The moaning schoolgirl could feel the walls of her sex convulse, yearning to be filled. That would not happen until the morning and she joined her pussy in lamenting it's emptiness.

4:04. Stop. Stop. Vibrator down. Stop, she urged herself again, finally throwing the vibrator across the table where it skittered around as if alive, the vibrations amplified by the desk, her entire room now reverberating with the juddering sound of the tiny device. She reached out, shame colouring her face, and twisted it off. She wasted no time in stuffing it back in her hidey-hole and scrambling for her exercise outfit. She would need to get some more outfits now that she was exercising so often. She couldn't wear the same tiny shorts and top every day. They would reek before too long.

And once again she was behind schedule. It was seven past four by the time she headed downstairs to walk the dog. Her mother would be home when she returned so she would be able to lock the house when she left. She hadn't been told she was allowed to take keys and she had nowhere to put them anyway. She grabbed Max's leash from the cupboard, instantly imagining it attached to her own collar. The thought had burst unbidden upon her, exactly as it had done the last time she held the leash. She didn't want to imagine herself being led around like a dog but her thoughts were no longer hers to command.

Max came bounding over, tail wagging furiously, the moment he heard the door open. He was so happy to see Katie, so unburdened in his joy, that she smiled as she attached the leash to his collar, ruffling the thick skin at his neck the way he liked. She had just come from playing with her pussy and her scent was strong. It was only moments before the inevitable occurred. She felt his wet, insistent nose push into her crotch and did her best to ignore the sensation as his hot breath tickled the tender skin of her inner thigh.

"Would you come for a walk with me please Max," Katie said meekly, sounding stupid but knowing it was what she had to do. She took his persistent snuffling as a sign of agreement and headed to the gate. Katie looked furtively at the fences and neighbouring houses as she crossed the yard, worried that her submissive display had been witnessed. Dogs sniffed things all the time, but to see a young girl stand still and allow a dog to bury its nose in her crotch was not something you saw everyday. It would be noticed and it would be talked about. 

The instant Max knew the walk was on, he pulled ahead, straining to get out of the yard and see the streets. He knew who the superior was here, confident in his status, even if Katie was not. 

The path she tread, or on which she as led, was familiar and would become more so as she was to travel it at least once a day. She tried walking as fast as she could, but Max had other ideas. She had barely gone two houses before she was jogging behind the eager canine. He only stopped when he caught wind of a particularly interesting scent and Katie waited dutifully, each time, for him to sate his curiosity. She was glad fror the brief breaks, as they gave her a chance to catch her breath.

As she had that morning, the panting schoolgirl had to deal with the curious looks of passersby, only this time the number was greater and there were new additions to her audience. Kids were home from school and playing in their yards, lawns were being tended, gardens watered. The entire neighbourhood was buzzing with activity. 

A strange force seemed to follow Katie, an aura of stillness of which she was the centre. She knew people were stopping to watch her, she could feel their scrutiny as she passed, their normal acitivities ceasing as they tuned in to the young slut parading her body along the sidewalk. She could sense normality snap back once she had passed. It heightened every movement her body made, both voluntary and otherwise. 

She could feel her nipples start to harden under the tight material of her top, knowing they would be visible before too long. The swaying, hypnotic bouncing of her breasts consumed her thoughts, pushed aside only by images of the way her soft buttocks moved beneath her curve-hugging shorts, the gentle swish of her hair as it flounced with each step. She could even feel her shorts cup her plump pussy, knowing the slick smoothness of her lips was imparting its moisture to the elastic material. 

She was incredibly grateful the strange man from the morning was nowhere to be seen. She made it home, panting and exhausted but knowing she had done her best. Her face was flushed but no one would be able to tell it was not from exertion alone. Knowing she was being scrutinised so intensely, eyes watching her every move, devouring her young body and its sensual movements, was not something she was dealing with very well. She had tried to focus on Max but that had worked for all of six seconds. 

She knew what they were all thinking for she was thinking it too. With every bounce of breast, every rub of material on moist lip or tight nipple, it had pounded on her fragile psyche like the beat of a wanton drum - slut. 

She needed to get inside now, not only because she had a schedule to keep, or to prevent Max from exploring between her legs. She needed to get inside simply so she could be away from prying eyes and the judgement they brought. 

The moment she had let Max off the leash he had run around the yard, happily peeing on any standing structure he could cock his leg against. Katie used this time to get inside. The door was locked so she had to knock, looking backwards often, hoping Max would stay occupied until her mother came. She hoped she wasn't in the toilet or shower, or somewhere out of earshot. Katie's shoulders slumped in relief when she saw her mother through the glass.

"Hi Katie, taken Max for a walk?"
"Yeah Mom," Katie replied easing past her mother and closing the door just as Max came bounding up.
"I know you don't want to hear this from your Mom, and I know your Dad and I joke about it, but we are really happy and really proud of you. We know you'll do your best and that's all we can ask."
"Thanks Mom," Katie replied, not knowing quite how to deal with the heartfelt comment. "Uh Mom, what's for dinner?"
"Spaghetti and meatballs, hon."
"Thanks Mom."

4:48. Late. Katie rushed to her desk, shuffled her mouse to activate her monitor and stood at attention, the tension in her chest growing each moment the chat window stayed empty. She was still breathing heavily as she stood at attention. The sweating schoolgirl watched the minutes pass, keeping time by the slowing beat of her heart and the increasing nervousness that gripped her. It was almost five o'clock before her wait was over. 

"Report." Not the nicest of greetings but what could she expect. 
"Hello Miss. Dinner tonight is spaghetti and meatballs," Katie reported obediently.
"You will have a serving of spaghetti equal to what you can cup in your hands and two meatballs."
"Yes Miss, thank you Miss."

Katie had been worried that she would not be allowed any meatballs at all. They were the favourite part of one of her favourite meals and she smiled now, grateful to her owner for allowing her any. 

"Kitty, get a glass of water and collect a damp washcloth."

Katie knew the glass she was to drink from and hurried immediately to fulfill her owner's command, returning via the barthroom. Once she was back in front of her computer she received the command to drink, undress and wash. The large glass of water was gone in moments. Katie could feel the cold&nbsp; liquid running down her throat, through her chest and into her belly, cooling her from the inside.

Setting the empty glass down, the sweating teenager peeled the small outfit from her body. The cool washcloth felt blissful as she wiped away the sweat, both fresh and dried. It was amazing how refreshed she felt after the simple cleansing. 

"Get dressed and begin your homework.&nbsp; I will see you at 7:30."

That was it? She would be able to talk to her owner again that night, yes, but she had wanted to tell her so much. She had wanted to thank her for looking after her that afternoon. She had wanted to talk to her about her day. She had wanted to apologise for being late, those few times that she was. She had wanted to say so much and had the chance to say none of it. It was not the afternoon greeting she had been looking forward to.

She had to get dressed. As much as she wanted to talk to her owner she had been given a command. Hers was to obey, that was how she would make Lauren happy. What was she supposed to put on? She couldn't put her exercise outfit back on could she? But Lauren hadn't told her what to put on. What was she supposed to do?

God she was dumb. Katie leant over her desk and checked Dressing Kitty. Lauren had chosen an outfit for her to wear that night: black thong, denim shorts and navy-blue singlet top. It was a modest outfit, perhaps the least revealing she had, but there was no bra. her breasts were pert, she knew and enjoyed that fact, but without a bra she knew how they would move, knew what they would look like under the thin material of the singlet. This was how it would be now, she guessed. One outfit to wear to school and another to wear at night. 

Katie searched for the clothes Lauren had chosen and dressed quickly in front of her computer. She sat, grabbed her schoolbooks and sat down to begin her homework. She didn't know how long she had to get everything done. Her mother would call when she started dinner so she could go down and help. As she began her maths she realised she wasn't sitting properly. 

Katie glanced sheepishly at her webcam and spread her legs widely. She banished thoughts of punishment for the momentary lapse and set to work on her studies. She was finding that applying herself was providing her with insights she had not known she could achieve. Not everything was easy, but she found that if she kept at it; tried after an initial failure instead of just giving in, she would succeed eventually. 

The call came&nbsp; and the young schoolgirl learned how to cook spaghetti and meatballs, listening to what her mother said, following the recipe and finding that she enjoyed herself. She liked cooking. Making something with her own hands, bringing together a jumble of ingredients and making a meal. It was something wondrous and she regretted not learning before now. 

She hurried back upstairs when it was all done, announcing to her owner that she was having dinner now, not knowing whether she was there or not but feeling better once she had. The meal was delicious, if she did say so herself. She offered to clean up and do the dishes, surprising her parents but, to their credit, they said nothing. They accepted that this was a new Katie.

The young girl made it back to her room a few minutes before seven. She had almost forgotten that, despite her owner saying she they would talk again at 7:30, she had a blog to write. The thought filled her with dread. Her first blog was stupid. What she had written sounded dumb and made her sound dumb. She had just been so flustered and even paniced toward the end. She had wanted to do so well for Lauren.

Katie sat down at her computer, this time remembering to open her legs the moment she sat down. She opened her blog ready to write. She had a minute or so before she had to begin and she tried to compose her thoughts and think about what she would write this time. She had thought about what the blog should be, about what Lauren had told her about it and she planned to make her posts more diary like, talking about her day. Seven o'clock, her fingers began to move.

Today was the first day of my new schedule. My owner set me a daily routine that I am to follow so I always know what I need to do and it keeps me from being idle, which is not a good thing. I think I did ok, I hope so but it is really for my owner to say. I was late for a few things I know but I will be better tomorrow i know. I know what to do now and I know what to expect. My run was hard but it was good, I really felt good after it. I know I will get better at that. I know I am getting fitter, I can feel it when I do my exercises. I had to walk Max this afternoon and that wasn't really a walk, it was more of a run. I know I am supposed to serve Max too so I asked him to come for a walk and I know he enjoyed it. I feel bad about how I treated him last week. It isn't his fault and with the walks everyday I am going to make it up to him. I let him stop everytime he wanted to and tried to go as fast as he wanted. I cooked spaghetti and meatballs tonight and it was great and it was really yummy. I can't wait till I can cook it for my owner. 

Katie quickly read back over the entry for mistakes and then hit the post button. She found a few and hoped that there weren't more. She finished with less than a minute to go and sat back to wait for her owner. She still wasn't happy with her blog but she really didn't know what she was doing. She only hoped she wasn't disappointing Lauren too much with her dribble.

"Did you do all your homework Kitty?"
"Yes Miss, I got it all done."
"Good girl. You were thirteen minutes behind schedule today."
"Sorry Miss," Katie replied sincerely, a note of pleading in her voice. She wanted Lauren to know how sorry she was, that she wasn't just saying what she thought she should.
"You will make up those thirteen minutes before you go to bed. You need to learn that a slave must be where she is told, when she is told and must do what she is told when she is told."
"Yes Miss," Katie said resignedly, having already known what her owner would say.
"Kitty the homework your teachers set is important. Good grades will mean I don't own a dumb slave. The homework I set you is even more important. Completing my homework will make you better able to serve."

"Your first homework task is to to watch two movies: HW1 and HW2. These are on your computer in a folder called 'Kitty's Homework'. Watch them now and we will talk again afterwards."
"Yes Miss," Katie replied obediently, keen to discover just what these movies were, yet dreading it all the same. What was she going to learn now? How to iron? 

The young girl, found the folder and opened the first movie. This was not going to be about ironing. Katie blushed as she watched two very pretty women lean towards each other on the couch and begin kissing. Lauren had put porn on her computer and it was her homework to watch it! Her eyes flickered to her webcam, what for she didn't know. It wasn't as if she could see Lauren.

The women were undressing each other now, kissing passionately. The blond looked very young, soft and gentle with a cute baby-face and tiny pert breasts that were even smaller than Lauren's. The brunette was so different. Her body was toned, tanned, tattooed and hard, her face angular, beautiful rather than cute; a classic beauty. She was also older, mid-twenties, if Katie was any judge.

She watched, mesmerised, as they undressed and moved from the couch to the floor. Nipples were sucked and breasts were caressed as flesh pressed against flesh. Katie leaned forward, unknowlingly closing on the action as the tiny young blonde moved between the open legs of the other woman and began to eat her pussy.

The hypnotised teen learned a great many things over the course of the next 30 minutes. She watched, captivated, as each woman brought the other to orgasm multiple times, using fingers, mouths and tongues. She wanted to look away when the pretty blond began to lick the older woman's asshole, but her eyes would not obey. The tight circle of muscle was licked tenderly, then with more passion before she finally closed her entire mouth over it and pushed her head back and forth as if to the beat of some unheard music.

Katie was flushed and flustered as the movie ended, the two women lying in each other's arms on the floor. Holy shit. H.O.L.Y shit. The young girl realised she had just watched her first porno. She also realised, with shame, that her nipples were hard and her pussy was tingling. She knew she was not only wet but creaming and she still had another movie to watch.

Her hand trembled on the mouse as she started the second homework video. The second movie was more of the same, yet very very different. Katie barely even saw one girl's face. Almost the entire movie was focused close in on a pussy, a slim-lipped pussy just like Lauren's. For more than twenty minutes that pussy was licked and eaten and tongue-fucked, the clit flicked and the lips sucked. She saw nothing of the cuntlicker but her face and mouth. 

Katie knew why she was watching these movies, feeling terrible when the thought had first occurred. Lauren wanted her to learn how to eat pussy better. Had she been that bad? The thought that she was, that she was a failure at yet another thing, had almost distracted her from the action on her screen.&nbsp; 

She watched the woman continue to lick and suck even as the second woman came, violently, and Katie caught herself panting. Her arousal had deepened almost without her knowledge. The screen faded to black and the dazed teen sat there watching the blank screen, taking a few moments to regain her composure. The moment she closed the window a message popped on the screen.

"Did you find your homework informative Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, her voice breathy and sensuous.
"Your second homework task is marked HW3. You will choreograph a dance to this song. Your second homework period will be devoted to this task for the remainder of this week. We can have a chat afterward."
"Yes Miss."

Katie tried desperately to forget the sexual imagery that she had just watched, snippets replaying again and again in her brain. She tried and failed but succeeded at least in turning to her next task. She played the song once first, to get used to the music. It was a song she had never heard, latin beats and the words in both English and Spanish. 

She had to actually come up with her own moves to the song? It wasn't that she found that particularly daunting, she had done it on her own for a lot of songs, just for fun. It was just that she only did this by herself. No one had ever watched her come up with a routine. Before two days ago no one had ever even seen her dance either. 

Now that she knew the song, Katie stood up, pushed her chair out of the way and started the song again. She stood in front of her computer and listened, really listened to the music, letting it fill her. She moved her body slowly at first, remembering when the tempo changed, her movements slowly speeding up as her body became more familiar with the music.

She played the song five times, refining her moves, adding new twists and sinuous hip-thrusts with each repeat. She was puffing as if she had just returned from her run when she finally sat down in front of the computer after the final play. She had a basic routine, really unpolished and pretty sloppy but she knew it would work. She smiled at the thought, knowing that she may have a looked a little silly as she came up with the routine but she just knew it would work out. She had a long way to go but she could feel she had it.

"Very entertaining Kitty."
"Thank you Miss," the panting girl replied, not sure if her owner was teasing or sincere.
"It's time for your shower. Hurry up."

Katie reluctantly headed into the bathroom. She was warm now, a little too warm after the strenuous dancing, but the mere thought of that icy shower into which she was about to plunge made her shiver. She had five minutes but she needed only three. Her hands were a blur under the freezing water. Despite the vigorous brushing of the towel against her goosebumped skin, she was still shivering when she sat down in front of her computer, naked and pale.

"You owe me thirteen minutes. Get your pink skirt, hanger and all."
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, out of the seat before she had finished speaking. She quickly sat back down, holding the skirt up in front of her.
"Remove the skirt and lay it on the bed. Put the hanger against your breasts. Slide the clips in until they match your nipples. Good girl. Now put them on."

Katie had followed her owner's orders, her fear increasing with each command. She hadn't fully comprehended what was to happen until Lauren had her line the wicked metal clips to her nipples. She had never even thought a hanger could be used in such a way. Then again why would she?

She didn't know if she could do this. Lauren clamping her was one thing; a terrible thing that she did not want to experience again. But doing it herself? She didn't think she could. She opened the clip over her left nipple and hesitated. Doing this would make her a party to her own torment. Hurting herself like this was something more than obedience. 

Katie looked at the screen, small tears begining to blur her vision. A single word was waiting for her in the chat. "Kitty." The distraught teen quivered, reading a world of meaning into those five letters. She took a deep breath and closed the stil open clip over her cold-hardened nipple. The grunt of pain that exploded from her reverberated around her bedroom. She panted, breath shallow, as she tried to deal with the pain spiking into her breast.

Katie dared not let go of the hanger, knowing the terrible pressure it would put on her nipple if she did. Her hands slid across to the other end of the hanger, frantic for some way out, knowing there was none. She looked desperately at the webcam before slowly opening the remaining clip. There was no escape. She had this coming. The sooner she made up the thirteen minutes the sooner this would end.

The young girl grit her teeth, the muscles clenching at the side of her jaw, and closed the second clip over her right nipple. Not only had the icy shower left her nipples hard and ripe for the clamps but her flesh felt overly sensitive. Katie released her breath in a slow, guttural moan, the throbbing agony in her breast almost more than she could stand.

"At 9:18 you may remove the clamps. Now Kitty, exactly what was going on after school today?"
"It was Gavin Miss," Katie began, each word an effort. "Him and his friend took a photo of me. It was up my skirt Miss. I didn't mean to let them Miss, really I didn't. I promise. I didn't want them to and I was trying to be good and not let anyone see. I'm sorry. I know I should be punished for letting someone see what is yours but I didn't know. I wouldn't have let them Miss, I didn't know."
"Hush Kitty. You are right. You will be punished. You are a good girl for knowing that but you should have taken more care of my property. Don't worry about that now. Why did you need to be reminded to send your movie to me. Did you not want to show me your obedience?"
"No Miss, I forgot. I'm sorry. I thought someone came in and I... got scared Miss. I," a particularly shape spike of pain surged into her chest, taking her breath away. The hanger had moved slightly, twisting her nipples down. She lost her train of thought, completely forgetting what she had planned to say. "I'm sorry Miss."
"So what you are telling me Kitty is that you were thinking more of yourself than of your owner?"
"Yes Miss, I'm sorry, it was just that, um I didn't want anyone to see your property without your permission."
"Oh Kitty, you're a funny little slut. Get some inspiration did we?"
"Yes Miss," Katie smiled briefly, her lips twitching in chagrin. Unable to do more with the pain still surging from her nipples like waves on an ocean of torment.
"How was your run?"
"Good Miss. I felt really good and tried to go as fast as I could and do my best for you. I had to walk sometimes but I jogged almost all the time."
"Good girl. And your pussyplay?"
"Um good Miss."
"Kitty, don't get all coy on me now."
"My pussyplay was really good Miss. My pussy was really wet and I really wanted to come, " Katie said, looking up into the cam, the unspoken plea clear in her wide green eyes.
"Would you like to come Kitty?"
"Yes please Miss," the naked teen replied, a spark of hope flaring inside her.
"Do you deserve to come?"
"No Miss," she said after a moments hesitation, knowing there could be no other answer.
"That's right Kitty. Greedy sluts don't get to come."
"Sorry Miss, I don't know what happened. I didn't mean to go over time, I really-"
"Enough. I am not interested in excuses for bad behaviour. I would have liked to see my pretty little pet come tonight but that can't happen now."

Katie hung her head in shame, the pain of disappointing Lauren competing with that pulsing in her breasts. She didn't think she could bear feeling this way. She imagined the look on Lauren's face, that small frown, those haunting blue eyes boring holes into her soul. Holes which she filled only with failure. 

The distraught young girl composed herself, forcing herself to look back at the screen, fearful that she would miss anything that Lauren had to say. She didn't deserve to come? She didn't deserve anything. She had made Lauren feel bad, had forced her to miss out on something she had looked forward to. She wanted to say sorry. Something more than sorry. Her mouth was dry and she couldn't find the words. Tears fell, leaving shining tracks on her delicate pink cheeks, testament to the powerful emotions that coursed through her.

"Kitty, you had best be off to bed. We can talk tomorrow. Come to me in study period."
"Goodnight Miss." Katie said tearfully, 

She blew a silent kiss to the webcam, not entirely sure why but wanting desperately to show her owner some affection. Hoping in her small way to assuage some of the pain she had caused. She looked at the time on the computer: 9:22. 

Shit. She had worn these agonising clips on her nipples for longer than she needed to. She hadn't been paying attention, too wrapped up in the maelstrom of emotion that the revelation of her failure had caused. Without thinking, desperate to put an end to the pain gone too long, Katie reached up and simultaneously released a clamp with each hand. 

The pain that shot into her tender nipples was excruciating. She threw her body backwards, tipping over the chair and writhing on the floor of her bedroom. Her face buried in the musty carpet: sharp, shallow breaths in, long pain-filled moans out. When she finally calmed, she was on her side, legs drawn up to her chest. The soft skin of her knees barely brushed her nipples, the small motion painful but the touch comforting. 

Katie stood up gingerly, face flushed with shame. She wondered what she had looked like, flailing about on the carpet like some manic fish. The humiliation filled her, but the tears were from her pain. Her nipples still throbbed and she looked at them now, her courage finally up to the task. 

There was a thin, dark line along the top of her nipple where the delicate pink circle met the pale skin of her breast. She couldn't see, but she imagined a matching line underneath. That was it? Her nipples had felt as if they had been squashed flat, almost pinched off and the only evidence of the near unbearable pain was a few small lines. 

Katie scurried to turn the light off, replace her skirt and hanger in her cupboard and hop into bed. She was well past her bedtime and she didn't want to end the day with yet another punishment. Safe under the covers, she thought back over her day as the throbbing pain in her nipples slowly ebbed. Tomorrow she would do better. She had to do better. She needed to be on time, every time. She couldn't put that hanger on her nipples again. She knew what it was like now. Knew the pain it would bring. She didn't think she could do that to herself again. 

She lay in bed, snuggling into her own heat, ever conscious of Lauren's absence. The empty space in her bed, the missing warmth like a ghost of her owner's presence, made her feel lonely and incomplete. She would have been allowed to come tonight, if she had behaved throughout the day. The thought brought haunted her and it was the last thing she had wanted to face as she tried to go to sleep, but her pussy had become ever more prominent in her thoughts of late. Katie could only attribute that to one thing. That one word rolling around her brain as the exhaustion of her body finally overcame her.











Chapter 12. Working Girl

Katie smiled, her whole face lighting up. Unguarded joy burst within her, filling her body with sparking explosions of electricity, leaving her skin tingling. She stood beside a table in the library, holding her bag behind her back, as near to attention as she could get. She had been shuffling and fidgeting, the anticipation as she waited for Lauren not allowing her the comfort of stillness. She had thought, momentarily, of sitting down but had dismissed it immediately, abashed that it had even entered her mind, however briefly.

When Lauren spotted the waiting teen, she smiled. Katie&#8217;s chest became suddenly tight, as if great cords of steel were slowly constricting her. Breathing came hard and her mouth went dry, her tongue feeling like a lead weight inside her. She could feel the beat of her heart pounding in her head and her knees went weak. She had to make a conscious effort not to drop her bag to the floor. What was going on with her? She was happy to see Lauren, sure but what was this? Was she getting sick?

The young girl stood dumbfounded as Lauren approached and sat at the table.&nbsp; She watched Lauren ease herself gracefully into the chair, waiting for permission to join her. It was in moments like these, when the most mundane of activities was denied her, that she felt her submission so keenly. Her gaze flickered tentatively around the room, gauging the potential witnesses to her demeaning service. The library was almost empty, most people using their so-called &#8216;study period&#8217; as a chance to socialise, which is what she had done before becoming Lauren&#8217;s property. She was to be where her owner decided now. It had been a waste of time anyway, her friends had not really been friends. They had tolerated her, kept her around as comic relief. She knew they made fun of her, always behind her back but spilling out in subtle ways. She remembered the contempt she sometimes felt radiating from them when she said something silly. She never felt that from her owner. Lauren punished her, and chastised her harshly, but it was only because she had done something wrong. It was different.

Sit. You look lovely today Kitty.
Thank you Miss.
Actually let me see that sexy little body. Do a little catwalk for me.

Katie stood, looking nervously around the room. No one was paying them any special attention, a glance here or there but no one knew anything about what was going on. She self-consciously straightened her skirt and then headed down the aisle between the tables. She tried to make her movements dainty and sexy at the same time, doing her best to emulate the models on the catwalk. There was a&nbsp; delicate bounce to each step, more from the happiness she felt at being with Lauren than any real modeling ability, that caused her skirt to shift and sway enticingly.

Lauren admired the young girl. She had come a long way in so very short a time. She could see the growing confidence that Katie had in her body, the blossoming sexuality that she could not hide. All those months she had walked around, her little secret hidden safely inside her, there had been no change, at least none that Lauren could see. And yet, since becoming her slave, there had been a subtle change, a definite refining of the way she carried herself, an awareness of her sensuality. She was definitely a sexy little slut.

Her owner had dressed her in a short, grey tartan skirt, the soft wool feeling luxurious against her skin. A black shirt continued the theme of muted colours, black bra underneath and her open-toed leather strap sandals gave her an almost bohemian look. Katie had known she looked sexy, amazed that the modest outfit would appear anything but drab. The fact that she had been allowed panties, the bright red hipster briefs providing the only splash of colour she wore, had been a great comfort to her.

As she returned to the table, after performing a coquettish twirl at the end of her imaginary catwalk, Katie remembered the stomach-churning anticipation she had felt that morning as she checked Dressing Kitty to discover what Lauren had chosen. She had almost wept with relief when she had seen her near naked form, wearing nothing but a pair of tiny red panties, smile back at her from the monitor. She didn&#8217;t think she could face another day without something covering her pussy, not after yesterday. At least not so soon. She had not done well yesterday, and she had been worried that she hadn&#8217;t deserved panties but she trusted her owner. Lauren knew what was best for her. The impressionable teen looked to her now, seeking the seated girl&#8217;s approval.

Sit. Very nice Kitty. That little butt of yours is delicious. Have you been taking good care of my property?
Yes Miss.
Exercising, brushing your teeth and washing that slut body of yours?
Yes Miss, Katie replied, blushing at the personal probing in such a public place.
How&#8217;s that pussy?
Wet Miss. It is a little creamy since playing this morning, Katie said, her blush deepening.
Good. Well what do you think of your schedule?
Uh, good Miss, the young girl replied, taken aback by the unexpected question. Lauren remained silent, watching her expectantly. It is a really good help to know what I should be doing and I am trying really hard to keep to it. I missed some minutes this morning, but I will do better, she finished in a rush.
Well Kitty, that is to be expected I suppose. I know it&#8217;s hard. You&#8217;ve been such a slack little bitch for so long that anything would be hard, but that doesn&#8217;t mean I should let you get away with bad behaviour does it?
No Miss, replied Katie meekly, knowing that the Lauren was right, she shouldn&#8217;t be given any leeway.
Looking forward to work tonight?
Yes Miss, she replied, thinking quickly and deciding that complete honesty was required. Kind of Miss. I&#8217;m a bit nervous. A lot nervous, really and a little bit scared .

Katie laughed nervously, a soft jittery sound, and looked at Lauren. She searched her owners face for understanding, longing to see the comfort that she needed, the small spark of reassurance that would put her fears to rest. She almost melted when Lauren smiled at her, those pale blue eyes glittering softly, containing a warmth that had become so important to her. It was a need that had been growing ever stronger, deepening and becoming harder to ignore. It was especially strong when they were apart. Katie knew that Lauren was only a few miles away but, when they were not together, it felt as if they were on opposite sides of the world.

You&#8217;ll be fine Kitty. Just remember who you are. No homework tonight, but you still have your blog.
Miss? Katie asked hesitantly, the uncertainty she felt when speaking out of turn almost preventing her from doing so.
Hmmm?
Miss, I talked to Miranda yesterday. She has the locker next to mine and she&#8217;s a really nice girl and I like her, she&#8217;s nice, Katie babbled, suddenly questioning the wisdom of broaching the subject once she had begun.
That&#8217;s nice, Kitty, Lauren said smirking. This is going somewhere?
Yes Miss, sorry. I talked to Miranda and she isn&#8217;t pretty but she&#8217;s nice, Fuck, idiot, think of another word, but she doesn&#8217;t know much about, um, about looking after herself. She said she really liked my new hair and she thought I could maybe help her."

Lauren looked at her strangely. It sounded fucking retarded, Katie knew. It had sounded much better last night. She just seemed to get tongue-tied around Lauren and everything she wanted to say came out wrong or made her sound mental. She needed to try again. She couldn't have Lauren looking at her like that.

"Miss, I would like to be friends with a girl who has the locker next to mine so I could help her to look prettier and to look after herself. May I help her like that please Miss?"
"You have a very busy schedule already Kitty," Lauren said, watching as Katie's head slumped despondently. "What's this Miranda like?"
"Oh Miss," Katie said, her head whipping up in hope. "Miranda is really nice. She has always talked to me and treated me ni-, really good. She's really friendly and she does good in school and she doesn't have a boyfriend and I don't think she has many other friends either. She's a bit of a geek."
"And what do you think you can do Kitty?"
"Uh Miss, I could help her with her hair. It's not very nice but it could be. And she's a bit overweight and I could show her about exercising and-"
"What do you think you know about such things Kitty?"
"Uh Miss, um only what you have shown me in my training."
"Do you want to train Miranda? Do you want a little pet of your own?"
"No Miss," Katie spluttered, shocked at the idea. "No Miss, please, it's only, I just thought maybe I could help because she is nice to me and I wanted to be nice to her."
"Well, let me think about it. I can't have anything interfering with your training. Slut like you needs to be watched for backsliding. How many minutes behind are you today?"
"Um, three I think Miss," Katie replied, wincing a little at the admission.
"Well Kitty, until your behaviour is good enough that you can stay on schedule then you don't have time for anything else. After school you can point this girl out to me and we shall see."
"Thank you Miss, thanks so much."
"I haven't given you anything yet. It's all up to your behaviour."
"I know Miss, thank you just for, um, the opportunity to prove to you that I can be good."
"Ok my little slut, run along and play with that pussy for me. Four minutes, then come straight back. You can leave your bag here, I will look after it. You'll only need your dildo."

Katie looked at her owner, sitting casually across the table. She wasn't joking or being silly. The look on Lauren's face was serious, with maybe just a hint of mischief pulling at the corners of her mouth. She leaned down and reluctantly drew forth the small black felt bag that held her dildo. She had no pockets, no way in which to hide it. It was too long to be disguised in her hand. She would be walking through the school, dildo in hand. Anyone who saw her was sure to know what it was. She looked once more at her owner, her reluctance radiating from every pore.

"Hurry up Kitty, you've only just got enough time to get back here before the bell."

Katie stood up and walked purposefully from the library. The nearest restroom wasn't too far away and it was a study period so most of the school would be in class, but still. The fear of discovery gripped her like an iron fist as she walked past the other students in the library. She couldn't help but think their hushed whispers were about her. She tried to hide the dildo bag along her arm as she passed but she could feel the heat that coloured her cheeks as the humiliation of what she was doing deepened.

Was this a punishment for being so bold as to ask about Miranda? She hadn't meant to be rude or disrespectful she just wanted to help. The thought of another girl she could talk to and be friends with, real friends, was enticing to her. She had never meant anything like what Lauren had said. She didn't want anything but friendship. She didn't want any other girls to be like her, forced to do things, like play with their already wet pussy at the whim of a classmate.

That's all it was, Katie was sure. Lauren wouldn't have her play with her pussy as a punishment. There were different ways, better ways, to teach her a lesson. She hurried into a stall, her stall she realised. The very same stall to which she had been sent on that very first errand. Shit, that was only a week ago. The bewildered teen couldn't believe that so much had happened to her, been done to her, been forced upon her, in that one short week.

Her panties were down and off the moment the door closed, the dark patch in the crotch of the small red panties testament to her unbridled arousal. It was crazy that she wasn't allowed to come. And it was her fault. She needed to so badly she could almost taste the desire. And now she was going to make it worse. Every brief session without release made it harder and harder to bear. She already had trouble staying focused on her schoolwork, finding her mind drifting off into daydreams, X-rated wanderings. The only time she could keep it under control was when she had a task to perform, or was trying desperately to keep to her schedule. Even then it was a dull throb that sat in the background, like the heavy bass drum of some distant music.

Her panties hung from the door-hook, followed soon after by the dildo bag. She didn't have any time to waste, and now that she was this close, her smooth pussy bared, the cool, hard shaft of the dildo in her hand, she acted on instinct. She rested her head against the door, pushed her ass out behind her, flipping her skirt onto her back in the process, and slid the bumpy glass toy inside her.

The plump young pussy accepted the intruder, lips parting smoothly, the juices of her arousal allowing the dry shaft to slide along the slick length of her vagina without any resistance. Katie moaned as her cunt was filled. Her inhibitions were gone, driven back by her overwhelming desire. The humiliation that burned her young skin was still there but even that had been pushed into the background, now mere white noise to the desperate, insistent pounding of her arousal.

Wait! How long had she been in here already? What had just happened? She had lost all track of time. Shit, she panted, fearful now that she had been too long. She slipped the dildo from her pussy with a soft slurp and straightened up, aghast to realise that as her movements became fuelled by her rising passion, she had spread her legs wider and wider. They almost touched the edges of the stall now, splayed obsecenely wide. What would it have looked like from outside the stall? Anyone looking would have known, without a doubt, that she was not sitting on the toilet.

Katie quickly cleaned the dildo. Her humiliation rushed back in at full force as she removed the thick smears and dollops of her cream from the smooth glass ridges. She couldn't stop the tiny, barely audible moan that escaped her lips as she tasted her sex, instantly wondering how loud she had been only moments before. If she hadn't remembered spreading her legs, then...

She quickly replaced the saliva-slick toy into its trusty bag and slid her crumpled panties back up her legs. They really were small. She wasn't entirely sure they were the right size, barely covering the top of her slit. They were what Lauren had chosen though, and that was all that mattered. Panties on, dildo bagged. Katie smoothed down her skirt and checked her shirt. Her nipples were raging hard, but her bra hid most of the telltale stiffness. What would have been two large spikes, tenting the tight material of the shirt, were merely small bumps, still recognisable but only up close. Or so Katie told herself.

She could have kissed someone when she exited the stall to find the restroom empty. She was sure, as she thought more about it, that she had made noise, a not insubstantial amount of noise, as she thrust the dildo inside her. She still wasn't sure what had happened, knowing only that she had lost control, adrift in the depths of her desire. Her pussy was soaking wet, her small panties dampening with each passing moment, absorbing the liquid evidence of her arousal. Her lips had been dripping when she so abruptly ended the session. She hadn't thought to clean them as she was allowed and it was too late now.

Her face was flushed and her eyes still wide from the intense session when she came back to her owner. Lauren was seated in the same place, reading a textbook, not even watching her slave's return. Katie waited by the table for permission to sit, hoping that her lapse of concentration had not kept her too long. It was more than a minute before Lauren gave her leave to sit, not even looking up from her book.

"How's that pussy now Kitty?
"Um, very creamy Miss. My pussy is soaking my panties."
"Good girl."

Katie felt a rush of emotion at the words. The strange power Lauren's words had over her constantly caused the young girl consternation. She was actually flushing with pride at her owner's praise. Praise for what? For having a freakishly wet pussy? For creaming like a slut? She was ashamed that she felt pride at such a thing, at the praise itself but most of all at the fact that her body was like this.

What did she expect? For her pussy to be as dry as a desert? How could it be after what she had done? Been forced to do, she corrected, her shame dredging up the thoughts of her lack of consent, thoughts that were hidden deeper and deeper as time passed. it was getting harder to remind herself that this was not what she wanted, that she was being made to do these things, that normal people had choices.

The bell rang and Lauren immediately packed her bag. "Come Kitty," Lauren commanded leading the young girl to the back of the library, into the rows of shelves. Katie followed her owner obediently, stopping as Lauren did. Ancient Sumeria, she read on one of the extremely thick books beside her. They were back to where it had all begun.

Lauren leaned in and kissed the startled girl. The movement had come without warning but Katie's body responded instantly. Her lips parted to receive her owner's questing tongue. She reached for Lauren, wrapping around her waist, pulling her closer. Lauren felt the delicious press of her slave's firm breasts against her own. This was only supposed to be quick, a small peck. The bell had rung, class waited. She forced herself back, pushing Katie's insistent body away.

"Cheeky little slut," Lauren said huskily, her own passion ignited.

She left her there, on the same spot they had shared their first kiss. Katie watched through eyes heavily-lidded from her passion, as Lauren swept down the aisle and was gone. She leaned against the shelf behind her, knees trembling and threatening to give way at any moment. Yes, she needed to get to class but that kiss... Her heart was pumping furiously, almost painfully. She had wanted to do that since the moment Lauren had entered the library, and now that she had, the war of emotions began afresh.

Thoughts of her slavery, of being a lesbian, of being a slut, of her outrageously creamy pussy warred with the undeniable pleasure she felt at Lauren's touch, at her very presence. How could she feel both things at once? She felt like she was being torn apart. Her next class passed as if in a dream. She could not even have said what subject it was. Her pussy throbbed, yearning to be filled, needing release. The young girl could not believe that desire could be this strong, that it could rule your thoughts so completely.

She sobered up as she entered the cafeteria for lunch. She headed to her usual table to sit with her usual friends but she found all seats were taken. Holly was sitting in her place. She looked at Katie with disdain as she hovered at the end of the table, lost and unsure what to do now.

"Sorry Katie, Holly's hanging with us now. There's um, sorry but there's not room for more."

At least Susan had the decency to sound ashamed. So that was how it was going to be. She had been summarily cast aside by the girls she had called friends for almost two years. How long had this been brewing? And why now? Did they know something about her?

Katie drifted away slowly, lost in her bewilderment. She found a seat at a table that was almost empty. Two girls from a lower grade sat together, talking and giggling, obviously the best of friends. Katie set down her salad and began to eat, not looking around, feeling alone amid the hubbub of the crowded room.

"Hey Katie."
"Hey Miranda," she replied, a little disappointed that it had not been Lauren but happy nonetheless for the company.
"Do you mind if I sit with you?"
"You don't have to ask Miranda," Katie said, happy simply not to be alone.
"Thanks. I saw Gavin and a sidekick heading this way and I thought you might like someone to sit with. Especially after yesterday."

Katie almost choked on her salad. Miranda knew she hadn't been wearing panties yesterday. If she knew then who else did.&nbsp; She rested her fork in her bowl and took a deep breath. It seemed the incident with his phone, instead of shutting him up, had made Gavin all the more eager to humiliate her.

"Sorry Katie, I mean, I didn't mean to upset you. He was saying some pretty nasty things about you yesterday is all. We kind of like some of the same things and sometimes we hang out but I don't like him or anything. And after what he said yesterday there's no way I will sit with him anymore."

Katie had forgotten that Miranda was a geek, liking science fiction and computer games and stuff. She was bound to know Gavin and his friends. What had he been saying though? She could guess but she needed to know exactly. She didn't want to know, she needed to.

"What kind of stuff?"
"Don't worry about it Katie. He's a real prick. Just don't worry about it."
"Please Miranda," Katie pleaded, trying not to sound too desperate but not sure if she succeeded.
"Well, he said, and this is only what he said and I'm only telling you because you said to. Well he said that you flashed him, um under your skirt during class and that you said that you would, um do stuff with him if he did some assignments for you. Gross I know."

Katie stared at her salad, horrified at what she was hearing. Gavin had taken the reality of her humiliating lapse of concentration and stupidly embellished it. Fucking stupid boy. But that was good for her right? No one would ever believe that, and if they thought part of his story was crap, they would think all of it was. But what would happen when her grades started to improve? And now at least one of his friends knew part of the story was true. What would that mean now?

"Sorry Katie but you asked. No one believed him. He's always so full of shit. He reckoned he was going to prove it. He is such a loser. They all teased him. And he got mad. He's such a boy."

Lauren had to know. She would approve of Miranda now surely. But it wasn't a matter of that, she had to prove she could behave well enough to be allowed it. But it couldn't hurt. She tried not to think too much more about Gavin and his friends as she ate her salad and listened to Miranda prattle happily. She would have to trust to Lauren to fix it. Lauren would fix everything, but she needed to show her owner that she was worth it. She needed to be on her best behaviour.

"Is that nice?" Miranda said, indicating the salad that Katie had almost finished.
"Yeah it's quite tasty," Katie admitted, something which even she was surprised by.
"How come you eat that now. I mean you don't usually. I mean not like I know, I mean I don't watch you or anything. You know it's just like everyone eats the school stuff."
"It's really healthy and it's good to be healthy."
"I know right," Miranda said, looking down at her own body, pudgy and soft.
"Oh Miranda, I didn't mean anything like that, really I didn't," Katie stammered, mortified that her new, potential friend, could possibly have thought she was commenting on her weight.
"It's ok Katie, I know. It's not like I don't know I'm fat."
"Miranda, you aren't fat, you're just..."
"Yeah," Miranda laughed, "just fat. Don't worry. I know I'm not that fat. I just don't kind of know what to do. What's in that by the way?"

Katie eagerly rattled off the ingredients of her salad, happy to have the subject changed. She talked with Miranda until the end of lunch, almost forgetting her troubles. The feel of her damp panties continuing to soak up her moisture never let her quite forget who she was and what was expected of her though, but the distraction of having someone to talk to about normal, everyday things had helped to calm her down and give her some perspective.

She walked and talked with Miranda until they parted ways at their lockers. Katie to head to her normal classes, Miranda off to her advanced science and math classes. Where, no doubt, she would run into Gavin and friends. She hoped she had found an ally in Miranda. She sure seemed that way, but even so, she could not really relax around her. What would she think if she knew what she truly was? It would be another friend lost, and this one, Katie thought, was something that would definitely be a loss.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

Double economics. Insomniac's cure. It had always been something she abhorred and yet not having Gavin and co. there meant it was like a haven for the young girl. A boring haven, but one nonetheless.

Time passed glacially slow for Katie, but it gave her time to think. Over the course of lunch, such a short time, her life had shrunk, narrowed in a way she had never foreseen. She hadn't any friends, other than Lauren. They had discarded her like an old sock, replaced her with a newer, better model.

She tried to tell herself that it wasn't her fault, that the girls were just shallow and nasty but she had never had much of a talent for self-delusion. She knew it was her, had always been her. Now that she was owned, now that she had become a slut, her 'friends' wanted nothing more to do with her. They could tolerate her no longer. What did Lauren see in her? Did she really like her or was she just a possession, a toy, a pet. Katie was sure it was more than that. She could feel her vagina tingle as she thought of her owner: of how she made her laugh, how smart she was, how pretty, the wicked smile, the smooth, tight pussy.

Katie snapped herself back to the lesson, jotting down some notes from the board. She had started thinking so innocently, of how she could be friends with Lauren and how wonderful that would be. Her mind, her slut's mind, had quickly slid past the innocent musings, slipping as if on a layer of her thick, white cream straight into thoughts of a sexual nature.

Her pussy was oozing, she knew. She could feel the slimy moisture inside her, knowing what it was doing to her panties, her only line of defence. Her sex was uncontrollably wet, constantly drawing her mind back into herself, back between her legs, into the heat that pulsed there.

Was that her? Was it, or just some random scent from the classroom? Would her panties provide her with any protection from the strong scent she knew she produced. Her cheeks became rosy as she focused more and more on her body. She was quietly sniffing now. Lowering her head as inconspicuously as she could, trying to determine if her arousal was getting the better of her. She knew what she could do, memories of last week, that horrifying bus ride whirling through her mind. She had panties on now though. As if they were somehow magical proof against scent. Anxiety descended.

Katie began to sweat, each passing moment increasing her apprehension, deepening her surety that she was beginning to smell. The constant arousal, and that most recent, amazing session during study period, was taking its toll. Her panties were sodden, the wet material clinging to her smooth, plump lips.

She tried to remember what she had been thinking about before but she could not, her focus now entirely between her legs. She continued to copy the text from the board but was completely oblivious to the words from her teacher. Her thoughts were consumed by one thing. As the class-time passed, Katie began to feel her cream ooze from her pussy. She was sure of it. The tender pink folds of her cleft tingled as the river of cream flowed over them, making its way, inevitably, inexorably to the entrance, there to seep past her lips like some sexual silt.

The trembling schoolgirl imagined the red material of her panties darken as her discharge stained them a deeper, darker red. She imagined the incessant flow, soak her panties past what they could handle, each new pulse of her pussy, each fresh ooze, actually pushing through her panties. She closed her eyes in shame, regretting it instantly as the image of tiny white droplets of cream appearing on the outer surface of her panties became incredibly vivid.

She tried to tell herself she was being stupid but with each passing moment she could smell herself more clearly. She realised what she was doing but she could not stop. Mrs Osborne's monotonous drone was like a soporific for the reasoning centre of her brain. She was caught by her pussy, trapped in a quicksand of sexual imagery. Her need to come was so powerful that she shivered, her whole body shaking for a brief second.

Katie tried to regain control, tried to think of her classwork, think of the principals that she was supposed to be learning but all she could think of was other lessons: the training that Lauren had begun, the homework she had been set. She could feel the heat rise between her thighs as she thought of what she had seen last night, the beautiful pink pussies of those women being licked and sucked and lapped and...

Oh god, fucking seriously! Katie gripped the edges of her desk as her pussy clenched and spasmed. She opened her legs, trying anything to get the burning pressure in her pussy to dissipate. She could not be having an orgasm, in class, with no stimulation. She couldn't be. Her face was burning now, her heart beating so rapidly it hurt. She breathed in short ragged gasps, as quietly as she could. She tried anything to regain her composure. People must already be staring at her. They had to know what was happening. NO, Katie screamed at herself in defiance of her body. No, this will not happen. She didn't have permission.

The thought sobered her. She thought of Lauren, the disappointment that would cloud her owner's pretty face. Her heart continued to hammer in her chest but she was sure that it was passing. Her face still felt as if she was sitting to close to a fire but she could breathe now. She held her breath for just a second then let it out slowly and smoothly.

She hadn't come. Was that even possible? She doubted it but she did not want to find out. If that wasn't what it was then what was it? She was still feeling the effects, still short of breath and blazingly hot but her pussy seemed to have calmed down. There was that same electric tingling and the uncontrolled pulse as if her pussy was performing some strange peristalsis but whatever it was had passed.

As she came back to her senses, the anxious schoolgirl noticed her right leg was bouncing up and down: unconscious and uncontrolled. That was not what disturbed her. What made her close her eyes in horrified resignation was that her legs were spread, wider than they had any right to be. Not wide enough to be noticed, but she would never have consciously sat this way.

Katie rested her head on her hand and casually looked to her right. No one was looking at her. Everyone seemed to be in a trance, absently doodling in their pads or gazing at the walls, daydreaming. She had been doing the same but hers had brought her to the brink of discovery. She was such a slut that she had almost come from a daydream.

She was sure that wasn't it. She was adamant that it was not an orgasm. It wasn't. You couldn't come from nothing. She may be a slut, a classification she still was not comfortable with, though which she knew she could not deny, but not even a slut couldn&#8217;t do that. She would have to ask Lauren. She would have to tell Lauren, she corrected. This was something her owner needed to know.

What would she think? Lauren liked that she was a slut didn't she? She had said it was her nature, and when she called her a slut it was nice, like a term of affection, not something nasty. Would she be angry though? Disappointed that Katie couldn't control herself, couldn't control her owner's property. She knew she had to tell Lauren. Not doing so would be like lying. Friends didn't lie to each other, Katie told herself, though knowing the real reason: slaves did not lie to their owners.

Katie spent the rest of the lesson assiduously writing notes, successfully getting her thoughts back on track each time they drifted down. After what had just happened she knew she continued to cream. She knew what her pussy was doing as clearly as she was breathing. Her nipples were hard points beneath her clothes, and she said a quick prayer to her owner for allowing her a bra.

That extra layer almost kept those tiny projections of stiffened flesh from showing, almost. She glanced at her chest as she continued to write, knowing that the small bumps in her black shirt were visible. Even if her shirt had not been so tight, she knew they would still be showing. It wasn't as bad as it could be and if she tried hard, focused on the lesson, they might just go down by the time she had to move. She had been doing an expert job of shielding her chest, leaning over her desk, bringing her long, straight hair over her shoulder, but she knew that as soon as she stood up, her protection would be gone.

Katie looked at the clock on the wall. Less than five minutes until the end of class. And then what? She had to get home and after that? Her entire routine changed today, she had to work. The nervousness she had been avoiding all day rushed in now the gates were open. Her stomach fluttered with apprehension as she thought about what she would have to do. She still wasn't sure Mrs. Farrell didn't know what she was but Katie squashed that thought, knowing it to be pure paranoia.

What did working in the boutique really mean for her? Could she do it? Mrs. Farrell wouldn't have hired her if she didn't think so but Katie wasn't sure. What if she made a mistake? What if she lost sales because she suggested stupid things? She didn't want to go. She didn't want to have to work. She just wanted to go home and do her normal schedule. Even though it was difficult and demeaning she preferred it to the thought of the failure she could cause at work.

The bell rang, that familiar strident jangling cutting off any further self-doubt. Katie knew she needed to get to the bus but she packed her things slowly, wanting to wait to be the last out. She had a sinking feeling that she needed to verify and she needed to do it alone. She was lucky that everyone couldn't wait to get out of Mrs. Osborne's class. The stampede for the door suited her perfectly.

Once the last of her classmates was at the door, Katie stood up slowly and looked back at her seat. The hard, black plastic was smooth and unmarked. She had not left anything behind. Did that mean her skirt would not be marked either? Had her panties contained all her secretions. She desperately hoped this was the case, not really able to check the back of her skirt.

Her face was flushed from the very thought that her pussy had in some way marked her chair. Having it not be the case did little to make her feel any better. In the still air of the now empty classroom Katie smelt the scent of her arousal. Her panties could not keep it contained. They may have soaked the fluid itself but her aroma had escaped. It wasn't fair that she had to worry about this. She was sure that no other girl in school, no other girl in the history of the school, had ever had to worry about anyone smelling their sex.

She left the classroom still desperately wondering if she had stained her skirt, the perfume of her desire wafting about her like a miasma of sexual redolence. Why hadn't this ever happened before? She had sometimes smelt herself, yes. After an intense session of masturbation she had always opened her window. It had been part of her careful web of security she had woven around her sexual activity. She had always been so careful. Well until...

She had to get to the bus, she couldn't waste anymore time feeling sorry for herself. She hoped that in the bustle of the corridor no one would notice the strong scent she exuded. These were her thoughts now. Where she had worried about missing an episode of one of her favourite TV shows, now she worried about her classmates smelling her pussy, discovering the kind of slut she was. This wasn't the way things were supposed to be.

As the hurrying schoolgirl approached her locker a strange fear came over her. Was that Lauren? As she stepped hesitantly closer she saw that it was. Lauren was at her locker, but she wasn't waiting for her. She was talking to Miranda. Katie stopped then, in the middle of the hall. Her vision was constantly blocked by rushing young boys and girls, eager to be out of the school but she could clearly see they were talking. And laughing. Lauren said something and Miranda laughed. Katie watched, frozen, as Miranda giggled at Lauren's parting remark. Her owner moved out of her sight, stepping back into the press of bodies that rushed through the corridor. Katie finally found the courage to move and timidly approached Miranda.

"Oh hey Katie," her locker-mate beamed.
"Hey Miranda," Katie replied unsurely, desperate to know what had just transpired.
"So how was economics?"
"Um, good. Boring, you know Ozzy. How was, um..." Katie realised she had no idea what class Miranda had been in. Miranda seemed to know everything about her and she knew nothing in return. She wasn't much of a friend but she hadn't ever expected to be. She would need to pay more attention. Did Lauren's presence there, the easy joking they had shared, mean her owner approved?

"Advanced calc," Miranda finished for her, making Katie blush and shuffle her feet at the knowledge of her inadequacy. "You'd never guess in a million years a girl like Lauren Harper would take Ad-Calc would you. Beautiful, sporty and smart. Damn, makes you think."
"Yeah, she is beautiful," Katie replied wistfully.
"No I mean, one girl having everything."
"Yeah that's what I meant," Katie responded lamely, hiding her face in her locker. She could tell from the way Miranda was standing that the other girl was looking at her. Why did she have such trouble controlling her tongue?
"Well she's not rich, so I guess she doesn't have everything."
"I have to run Miranda, I can't miss the bus. I'm working tonight."
"Oh yeah, you must be excited. I'd love to work in a place like that but I'm not pretty enough. I know you'll be great. You'll have the clothes flying off the racks."
"Thanks," Katie smiled weakly, thankful for the faith Miranda had in her, knowing it was heartfelt. It helped her feel a little better but she was still fearful of the whole enterprise.
"Ok then let's go," Miranda said, shutting her locker and pulling Katie down the hall.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

Katie leaned forward over her desk, the firm flesh of her breasts hanging pendant like soft fruit ripe for the plucking. She was checking Dressing Kitty to see which clothes Lauren had chosen for her first night at work. Her skirt and shirt were folded on her bed, but her panties dangled from her left hand. She had been overjoyed to discover no telltale stains on her skirt but her panties told the whole story.

She had known,even before she had peeled them from her slick sex, what she would find. She had pulled them down slowly, feeling the humiliation fill her as her panties clung to her mound, the material reluctant to part from the plump lips. It was almost as if the copious amounts of cream she produced had glued the tiny garment to her.

Katie looked down at the huge wet stain darkening the crotch, white discharge clumped in the centre, drying to an unsightly crust at the outer edges. She hoped for fresh panties, not wanting to look at the screen for fear of what she would find. She summoned up the courage and looked.

Four pictures of herself stared back, her nudity less disturbing than the shy, coquettish smile that she wore in every photo. If anyone had looked at these photos they would see a young girl, a slut, a playful display. That had not been the case when they had been taken but even Katie could not deny what she saw. She quickly focused on the clothes that her owner had chosen. Her black balconette bra, her heels, a peach-coloured summer dress, short sleeved and with a low looping neckline. The last picture was of her wearing the panties she had been allowed. They were her black lacey culottes, with the white floral trim. They were her prettiest panties and they always made her feel so sexy.

She had always felt the cute little split at the top of her buttocks, that tied back at the top, leaving a little oval of flesh visible at the top of her butt, made them the cutest thing she owned. No one before Lauren had ever seen her wear them but from the very first moment she tried them on and looked at herself in the mirror, seeing that pretty opening sitting just below the dimples in her back, she felt confident and alluring. She needed that confidence now.

She had already washed her face and reapplied the minimal makeup she was allowed and decided there was no point in waiting. She had wanted a shower, even a cold one would have been fantastic. But her instructions were clear. She looked between her legs, hunching over to see her pussy, quickly deciding she could not go to work like that. She didn't want to put her pretty, clean panties on with her sex in that state. Besides she had to do something about her panties. There was no way she was going to put them in the hamper like that.

Katie spread her panties in her left hand and quickly brought them up between her legs, knowing if she did not do it now she would lose the meagre courage she had. She spread the crotch of the small red garment with her fingers and quickly wiped between her legs, back to front, covering the entire length of her creamy cleft.

In the same motion, not daring to stop, she popped the sodden underwear into her mouth. Katie felt the familiar flush of heat rise into her face as she tasted her arousal. She could not take her eyes from the small webcam, knowing, as she suckled the sodden crotch of her panties, that doing so only deepened her humiliation. The fact that she needed to do this made her hate her own body. Why did she have to be such a slut? Why did she have to produce so much? She ran her tongue over her panties, doing her best to remove the traces of her cream. She had to do this. There was no way she could put her panties in the hamper, soaked and stinking of her cunt. The very thought of her mother seeing them, baulking in disgust at her daughter's discharge, was too much for her.

She couldn't spend too long cleaning her panties, she had a deadline, but she knew they weren't clean just yet. She couldn't wait any longer. Her sex now clean, or as clean as it would get without a shower, Katie hurried to her closet to begin getting dressed, the ends of her panties dangling from her mouth as she went.

She selected her bra and panties and put them on, suckling her panties without cease. She could still taste herself, despite the material now being soaked more with saliva than with any fluid from her pussy. Despite what she was doing, she still luxuriated in the feel of the thin culotte panties as she pulled them on, seating them snugly against her bare lips. She stepped into her shoes and was finally ready for her dress. Ready or not she would have to relinquish her panties now.

Katie took them out of her mouth by the dangling strands and inspected the crotch. The entire area was wet now, soaked through. But it was with the thin, clean saliva from her mouth, not the thick, slimy secretions from between her legs. It was an improvment, though they still clearly smelled, her suckling unable to remove the scent of her arousal. She quickly removed the bottom drawer of her desk and threw the panties in her hidey-hole. She would get them out when she came home, hopefully much drier by then.

She got her peach sundress from her cupboard and slipped it on over her head. It was a lovely dress, one of her favourites. It was cut a little low across the chest but nothing too bad, nothing worse than any of her singlets. It hung halfway to her knees without the belt, once she had that cinched tightly around her waist, the hem raised a good two inches. The material of the dress was slightly stiff so it would hold its shape but at least she would not have to worry about it blowing up in the wind.

Katie looked at herself projected on her monitor by the webcam. She was cute, no doubting that. And Lauren seemed to know just how to dress her to bring out the best from her body. Katie even had to admit that her new hairstyle, which she still was not entirely used to, made her prettier. She hadn't been told how to wear her hair so she simply left it down, the long, perfectly straight locks cascading over her shoulders.

She was dressed. Was there anything else to do? Her purse. She had to take a purse with her to hold the money she would need for the bus. Don't, she chided. Don't do that. She was lying to herself and doing so benefited no one. Her purse wasn't to hold money, it would contain only one thing: her dildo. It seemed as if she wasn't allowed to leave home without it. Lauren had given her exactly 75 cents for the bus and she would carry nothing else.

Katie grabbed the small black purse, her dildo in its felt bag from its hiding place and her 75 cents. This was it. Once she was out of the house now, she would not be able to get back in. She had not been allowed keys or her phone. She had enough money to travel to work and there she would stay until her father picked her up at 9:20.

As she headed out of the house, one last forlorn look inside, Katie felt vulnerable. She was going to work for a lady she didn't know, catching a bus by herself, carrying nothing but a sextoy. She wished with all her heart that Lauren was here now. The front door shut behind her, the click of the lock an ominous sound that filled her with dread.

There was nothing to be done now, except for what she had been told. The anxious schoolgirl walked briskly to the bus stop, dildo-filled purse clenched tightly in one hand, her bus fare in the other. It was a discomforting feeling, knowing that if anything went wrong, if she dropped her money and it rolled down a drain, she had no backup whatsoever. She would not doubt be punished for losing the money, but what would be worse was that she would not make it to work, or at the very least be late.

Katie wished, with every single step she took, that she had not been forced to bring her dildo with her. It brought her great pleasure, that was neither here nor there, it was the humiliation that it brought, that intense, gut-twisting humiliation that its mere presence conjured within the young girl, that made her wish she had never bought it.

She was not in her exercise gear today, but she met some of the same people out for their afternoon expeditions. Some were walking , others jogging, all looked at the cute teenager, dressed so prettily. Her cheeks were flushed a dainty pink, that only heightened her look of naivety and innocence. Katie knew she looked pretty, the eyes that swept hungrily across her young body let her know that others thought so too, but the young girl had no idea how alluring she truly was: the confidence and muted sexual swagger imparted by her carefully chosen outfit warred with her feelings of vulnerability and humiliation to create an image of mesmerising beauty, so much more than the mere sum of its parts.

She had no way to tell the time but felt sure she had made it to the bus stop in good time. She hadn't missed her bus, of that she was sure but she had no idea how long she had to wait. If she had timed it right it would only be a minute or two.

Katie felt strange thinking so, but she hadn't been given permission to sit so she stood next to the bus stop and waited patiently. This time she was aware that she had moved to stand at attention. It had not been a conscious move exactly, but she had known she what she was doing. She couldn't bear to have her dildo behind her though, too afraid it could be snatched from her so she made a small concession, holding her hands demurely before her while her legs had widened until they were shoulder-width apart.

She studiously avoided looking at any and all passersby, choosing instead to stare at the road, eager to be ready the moment the bus arrived. She heard a movement behind her and she turned, startled, to see a middle-aged man take a seat at the bus. He smiled at her pleasantly. Katie returned the unspoken greeting out of politeness, her demure smile only enhancing her alluring air of sexual innocence.

"Been waiting long?"
"No Sir," Katie replied timidly, wanting to turn back to the road but not wanting to be rude.
"Waiting for the 312?"
"Yes Sir," the anxious schoolgirl replied, desperately hoping the conversation would end.
"Good, I thought I might have missed it."

Without further input, Katie turned back to her vigil. She could feel the man staring at her, his eyes boring holes in her soft young body. She knew he was undressing her in his mind, her pretty dress by now in tatters on the sidewalk, her bra following, breasts bouncing free as the confining garment was thrown to the cement. She was left standing in her panties and heels, her purse still clutched tightly in her hand.

The bus rounded the corner like a huge metal saviour. She had never been more grateful in her life to see anything. She knew she was being stupid, knew it had all been in her mind, her twisted slut mind. But it had felt almost real. She had almost been able to feel the gentle breeze caressing her bare skin. She was doing herself no favours with these kinds of thoughts. She was making herself crazy for no reason. Well not, no reason. She was sure the man had been looking at her and in a sexual way. What did she expect? The moment the bus stopped she had wanted to scramble aboard. Instead she stepped obediently aside and allowed the waiting man to board first. She wasn't entirely sure why she did so, it had just felt right.

"Pretty and polite," he smiled as he stepped past her and paid his fare.

Katie blushed, wondering what the hell for. Couldn't she even take a compliment? He was only being nice. She hurried aboard, deposited her fare in the box and looked down the bus for a seat. She never really caught public buses, and especially not at this time of day. Was it always this crowded?

There were only two seats left: one next to a particularly obese woman and the other next to a young man of college age. There was no way she could fit on the tiny sliver of seat next to the woman and the guy had a backpack on the seat next to him, clearly not wanting to part with that little extra piece of space.

It wasn't that far to the mall, she could stand. She looked down the bus one more time and noticed that the young guy had moved his bag and was smiling at her. She couldn't refuse the offer of a seat, it would only draw attention, something she definitely did not need more of. She made her way towards the back of the bus and gently sat down on the plastic seat, careful to keep her purse hidden in her hands as much as possible.

The ride was thankfully a silent one, though Katie knew she had not ceased to be the object of scrutiny. The man, handsome in a jock sort of way, did his best to make his as discrete as he could but the young girl noticed the way he shifted his body to provide him with a better view of her cleavage. There wasn't anything she could do. Her breasts were on display and that was that.

It was a short trip, six stops and they had reached the mall, the destination for the majority of the passengers it seemed. Katie wasted no time in escaping the claustrophobic interior. She had felt like a captive on the bus, unable to hide, her young body open for the viewing pleasure of all who paid to ride, as if she was some special attraction that came with the price of a fare.

As she scurried to the store where she would work for the next five hours, she revelled in the fresh air and the wide open spaces of the mall. She had never before thought she was claustrophobic, but maybe she was, just a little bit. Or maybe she was just a huge fucking wuss, with an overactive imagination. Both were equally as likely but she hadn't liked where the last thought had come from.

"Hello Mrs. Farrell."
"Ah Katie, what a sight you are. That dress looks just stunning on you. We'd better get started while it's a little slower. It will start to pick up any minute now. Is that all you have?"
"Yes Ma'am," Katie replied, as Mrs Farrell indicated the tiny purse she carried.
"Travel with just the essentials hey?" Jean joked as she led Katie towards the back of the store.
"Yes Ma'am," the young girl replied, not joining in on the joke. Katie blushed furiously at the inadvertently perceptive comment. She knew there was nothing meant by it but that didn't change how disturbed it made her feel.
"You can pop that in here," Jean said, opening a draw in the desk at the back of the shop. "Now, you know a little about the store and what we sell but first thing is to train you on stock. Best way I have found to do that is to have new girls put the stock on the racks. So this is new stock, and these are clothes that have been tried on but need to be put back in place. Once you've done that come and see me."
"Yes Ma'am."
"You don't need to call me that, Katie. Jean is fine," she said smiling.
"Um Mrs Farrell, I like to be respectful so could I please call you Ma'am," the anxious young girl said, worried that Jean would say no and she would be left with a dilemma she didn't know how to rectify. She couldn't disobey Lauren, but she couldn't make Mrs. Farrell mad.
"Well ok, Katie. It does have kind a ring to it," Jean said laughingly as she headed back out into the store.

Katie breathed a sigh of relief as she was left alone with the piles of clothing that needed to be sorted and displayed. She did her best, unfolding each item and placing it on the shelves or racks of the store. It was slow going at first and she felt as if she was useless, sure she was taking too long. Mrs. Farrell ignored her as she worked, serving customers or reading a magazine as Katie slowly completed her task.

It felt strange to be working away while Mrs. Farrell read a magazine during those times there were no customers in the store. It made Katie feel her submission keenly, reminding her that by even being here she was serving her owner. Right now Mrs. Farrell, as her employer, was kind of like a proxy owner for the young girl. Katie knew she wasn't, but she had to obey Mrs. Farrell and do what she could to please her and that made her feel as submissive as if it was Lauren herself instructing her. She had to admit that by doing the task by herself, with no input past the initial command, she had gained a knowledge of the store and the clothing she was to sell, that was near comprehensive. She didn't yet know every blouse or skirt or pair of jeans but she was close.

"I have finished putting the clothes out Ma'am," Katie announced once Mrs. Farrell had finished with a customer. She hadn't known quite what to do when she had finished, as couldn't interrupt the sale. She had chosen to stand at attention by the counter and wait patiently. She had watched Mrs. Farrell place the sale, eager to learn as much as she could, knowing that soon she would be doing all of these things. She couldn't get away with just rearranging stock all night.

"You were watching Katie? Good. You haven't used a register before? It's pretty easy. It basically does everything for you. Just scan, take the money, the register works out the change and voila. Sale made. Don't worry, I'll take you through your first one."

Katie smiled weakly, yeah easy. The next twenty minutes was a whirlwind of on-the-job training, familiarising the young girl with the nuances of retail sale. She learned how to steer customers towards items they would never have considered. She learned how to build someone's confidence while staying decidedly neutral and she learned when to push and when to pull back. Most of all she learned that she wasn't ready for this.

As people started to trickle into the store in ones and twos Katie was put on the spot. It was now or never and never was not an option. Her apprehension grew, twisting her belly into amazingly tight knots. She licked her lips, and swallowed, her mouth dry.

The next forty minutes was a whirl as she served a steady stream of customers. Despite the sales she made and the success she had, she could not push aside the feeling that she wasn't good enough. She was just a young girl, what did she know about this kind of stuff? What right did she have, a possession, to tell other people what to wear. She tried to tell herself that she wasn't really telling them, she was just suggesting and she was always truthful, trying hard to find exactly what they wanted, something that would suit them, flatter them. After the first blouse that she sold, Mrs. Farrell left her to her own devices. Her confidence grew a little each time she spoke to a customer, a tiny thrill tingling inside her with each sale made.

"I catch you looking at her tits again and you'll need to learn how to suck your own cock."

Katie blushed furiously at the overheard comment. She knew who was speaking: a pretty young girl she had noticed looking through the jeans. She knew who she was speaking to: her boyfriend, the handsome guy who had looked bored until he spotted Katie. She had felt his hungry, predatory eyes and she had done her best to busy herself so she did not have to serve this particular couple. She sidled slowly away, trying to make herself as small and inconspicuous as she could.

So she hadn't gone unnoticed, despite her efforts at avoidance. She supposed it was something she was going to have to get used to. She was here to serve customers and make money for Mrs. Farrell. It wasn't her choice who to serve, so it was no different to anything else, she mused, trying to make light of the despair that she felt.

Her attention was caught by Mrs. Farrell, heading out into the back room. What was she going back there for? What the fuck business was it of hers? Katie tried to shake the feeling and focus on the store but... what if Mrs. Farrell wanted something from the drawer? What if she had to move her purse? What if she looked inside?

Katie's heart began to race. It was all she could do not to go rushing into the back room and check exactly what was going on. She gripped the belts she was supposed to be replacing on the racks, clinging to something solid, something that would remind her of her duty.

"Katie?" The young girl jumped, startled by the voice that appeared out of nowhere. "Fetch me a coffee, long black. But not from the place across the way, I'll only drink Mon Cheri coffee. You know where that is?"
"Yes Ma'am."
"Off you go then."

Katie accepted the money Mrs. Farrell offered and hurried out of the store. Mon Cheri was almost at the other end of the mall and the long walk gave the alarmed schoolgirl a chance to think about what she had just felt. She didn't want to, but she could not help herself. A tingling thrill had tickled up her spine when Mrs. Farrell had ordered to get coffee. She didn't know what it was but it was not the first time she had experienced the strange sensation. Often when she was with Lauren she had felt the same thing, the same sharp series of tiny shocks slipping along her nervous system. She didn't want to know what it was, she really didn't, but her brain would not cooperate. It never lasted long, only ever a second or two but it always made her nervous, though it didn't feel bad. Maybe that was what made her nervous. It was something she could not explain, something that felt good but she had a strange feeling she should not enjoy.

She was never out at this time of night and she was a little amazed at how many people were in the mall. So many people shopping, so many people looking at her. Katie had a sudden, sickening feeling that her dress was caught up at the back, exposing her ass and the pretty panties that she wore. She hurriedly smoothed the material over the tight curves of her buttocks - nothing. Did she have something on her face? Was her hair sticking up? Her nipples were not hard, thank god. Try as she might, to ignore the looks that were coming her way, she could not help but glance back, just for a second. There wasn't anything wrong with her she soon realised. It was just that she was a pretty young girl, wearing a cute dress that highlighted her youthful curves. What she knew they were really looking at though, was the way she moved. She knew that her body moved differently now. She knew that when people looked at her they saw a slut.

"One long black please."

The girl behind the counter looked at her a little strangely but took her money and her name and told her to wait. Katie stepped to one side and waited obediently. She wasn't even surprised when, a few moments later, she realised she was standing at attention. Her first thought was to move, to put her legs together and stand a little more casually. But she did not move. What point was there in fighting it? This was what, the fifth, sixth, time she had caught herself standing this way unconsciously.

"Kitty."

Katie stepped forward. This time she was surprised. She had given her name as Kitty without even thinking. She took the coffee and hurried away, sure the serving girl was still looking at her strangely. She knew the look of dazed amazement that was on her face when she had accepted the coffee would have made anyone think twice. It seemed that she had fallen further than she had ever thought. She no longer had any control over most of her life, not what she wore or where she went, what she ate or when she used the bathroom, and now it seemed she didn't even have any control over her own thoughts. Even if there was some part of her that thought, no that knew, this was wrong it was clearly dwindling, fading further each day.

"Your coffee Ma'am," said Katie demurely, the cup in one outstretched hand, the change in the other.
"Wow, Katie did you run or something?"
"No Ma'am. I just, um I just didn't want to keep you waiting."
"Well good girl. When it is a little quiet like this, you check the dressing rooms for any garments left behind and put them back on display. Then you check merchandise around the store, making sure it is neat and tidy and ordered: sizes ranging from small to large."
"Yes Ma'am."

Katie hurried to the back of the store and checked the dressing rooms as she had been told. There was only one blouse left behind and she retrieved it and a fresh hanger and placed it back in its place. Mrs. Farrell was sipping her coffee and reading her magazine as Katie worked, systematically organising all the garments in size order, refolding anything that had been touched and generally tidying up. When customers came in, three young women in their 20s, she left her tidying and went to serve. Mrs. Farrell looked up from her magazine but her attention quickly returned to the page open before her.

"Hello, may I help you with anything?"
"Just looking sweets," said the tall blond girl at the front of the trio.
"If I can do anything for you just let me know," Katie replied sweetly before turning back to her duties, the dainty movement causing her hair and her dress to flair out behind her.
"I got something you can do," she heard one of the girls whisper.
"Brooke!"
"What? Tender little morsel..."

Katie didn't hear any more of the hushed, giggly conversation but her cheeks blazed with an inner heat that was almost painful. Her blood rushed through her veins, each powerful pulse of her heartbeat seemed to be sending the humiliation around her body, until she was consumed by it. She continued to tidy without conscious thought, her world clouded by a thick fog that seemed to dull all her senses, all but one. Her sense of shame shone through like a beacon in the night.

She was being treated as if she was part of the merchandise in a shop. A shop where pretty sluts were on display for all to see and enjoy. Men and women, young and old, everyone seemed to recognise what she was. There was no escape, there would be no respite, until she got home, back to her own room, where the only one who could see her was her owner.

Katie was thankful when the girls left the store without needing her help. She didn't know how she would have been able to deal with talking to them after what she had heard. Her cheeks were still a little pink, even now many minutes after the incident. When she passed the counter with a few empty hangers for the back room, she quickly glanced at the dainty watch worn by Mrs. Farrell. The owner of the store was engrossed in her magazine, and her arm was still, resting on the counter.

It was 7:30 already. The busy schoolgirl could not believe that time had passed so quickly. She had barely had a spare moment to think all night so she guessed that was why she hadn't really noticed the passage of time. Katie popped the hangers out the back and returned to the store, a rigorous internal debate raging now she knew the time. She really needed to go to the toilet. Lauren had allowed her one toilet break per shift and she had been trying to hold it in for as long as she could, but she hadn't realised how late it had become. She wanted to go now, when there was a little lull, but she didn't want to disturb Mrs. Farrell. The owner of the store seemed really involved in her reading and she didn't want to bother her. She should wait until Mrs. Farrell was finished, but what if then she was busy with customers too and she lost her chance?

"Excuse me Ma'am?" Katie asked hesitantly, still doubting her choice.
"Hmmm?" replied the distracted woman.
"May I go to the toilet please Ma'am," the anxious schoolgirl asked, the nervous fluttering in her belly, sparking a new round of the strange prickling sensation that rolled up and down her spine.
"Oh, of course my dear," she said, looking at the young girl inquisitively.
"Thank you Ma'am," Katie stammered, wasting no time in leaving the store.

She walked as fast as she could to the restrooms, which thankfully were not far away. Lauren had specified that she was to use the third stall from the door. That was her stall now and she breathed a sigh of relief that it was unoccupied. She was in and out in under a minute, needing to go so badly working in her favour. She checked her makeup in the mirror as she washed her hands, happy to see that, for once, her cheeks were a normal colour. She was beginning to think they would turn a permanent shade of pink.

"Katie that was Did you run?"
"No Ma'am, I just... I just didn't dawdle. I really like working here."
"You can take breaks you know. I'm not an ogre."
"I know Ma'am, I just want to-"
"You're wanted Katie," said Mrs Farrell with a casual flick of the finger.

Katie turned to see a guy in his mid-20s come into the store. He looked vaguely familiar, but the young girl soon decided he just had one of those handsome faces that looked like so many others: square jaw with just a little growth, strong, straight nose, toned, though not overly muscular body. She approached timidly, as if she was a tiny rabbit offering itself to a coyote on the prowl.

"Hello, can I help you with anything?"
"Uh sure. I'm just looking for a new pair of jeans."

The interaction began as innocently as any other, but by the time he left the store, Brandon, she had quickly learned, had purchased not only his jeans, but also two t-shirts and three long-sleeve button-up shirts. Everything Katie had suggested, he had tried on. Every time he emerged from the dressing room and she complimented a garment, it seemed to get added to his list of items he must have. She knew maybe she shouldn't have fussed over him, straightening his shirts, fixing the hem of his jeans, but he was nice and funny and he talked to her like a normal girl. She caught Mrs .Farrell's eye as he left the store, her raised eyebrows making her blush yet again.

"Good work Katie. I see you don't need any lessons in upselling. I think we will see that young man again. Retail is so much about repeat business and word of mouth. I think you did a great job there of securing us a bit of both. You keep that up and I might just need you to take a few more shifts."

Katie smiled at the praise. She had been expecting a rebuke, for taking too much time on one customer or for being inappropriate. Mrs. Farrell liked what she had done and she would be sure tell Lauren. The thought made her gush with pride. Her shift wasn't over though. She needed to work hard until the last minute, she knew that slacking was unacceptable. This was Mrs. Farrell's business and she could not afford to have girls who didn't work their hardest.

"Katie at around this time of night you can start a few little housecleaning tasks. Each mirror needs to be cleaned, the cleaner and cloth is in a cupboard out back. Once that is done, make sure that all the hangers are stacked by type and size and make sure the counter is fully stocked with bags and there is a full complement of flyers out front too."
"Yes Ma'am, Katie replied, scurrying out to the back room to comply.

There was so much to do in a store, she had never known. Admittedly she had no real idea but she had thought she would just stand around until customers came in to serve. She was kind of glad that wasn't the case. She didn't know how she would have dealt with the quiet times, just standing around. She was so dumb, as if you got paid to just stand around. Each time Katie noticed a customer she quickly switched from her cleaning tasks to serve. She really like serving customers. She got a little down when they didn't purchase anything, but she knew it wasn't her. Not everyone had to buy something but when they did it was like the icing on the cake.

"It's almost nine Katie. When is your ride coming?"
"Um, 9:20 Ma'am."
"Excellent. You can get the shutters ready now. There&#8217;s a little stick out the back that helps you reach. The little hook goes in the slot in the middle. Just pull them down a little now. We do that just to let people know we're preparing to close. At nine you can pull them all the way down.

"Once they're down I'll count the takings and you will sweep the floor. There's a broom and a dustpan and brush. I don't want to see any piles swept into corners or under displays though."
"No Ma'am," Katie replied eager to let Mrs. Farrell know she would never do that. Well if she was honest, the Katie Thomas of two weeks ago may very well have done that, but the girl who was Lauren's property never would. The thought had not even entered her brain.

Katie retrieved the small pole that Mrs. Farrell had mentioned and went to pull the shutters down. The pole was only two feet long, the metal cool in her hands. It was tipped by a small metal hook, the holes which she had quickly spotted in the runners at the top of the door. She stretched up with the pole and fell well short. How was she supposed to reach it?

Mrs. Farrell was much taller than her and obviously had no problems. She couldn't go and annoy her now, she needed to do this on her own. She couldn't have her boss thinking she couldn't do things other girls could. She might think she was wasting her time with her.

Katie stood, feet together, directly under the hole she could see and stretched as high as she could. The hook just touched the metal runner, the soft metallic clink sparking a small note of triumph within her. But she couldn't quite keep the hook still enough to get it in the hole. She was holding the rod at the absolute tip, trying to squeeze out as much length as she could.

The anxious young girl glanced to her front when she heard a strange, muted whispering sound. The two guys from the donut stand in the middle of the mall were standing at their counter, staring at her. Even when she looked at them, they only made a half-hearted attempt to look busy, their gaze constantly flickering back to the stretched schoolgirl.

Katie lowered the pole, realising, too late, what was happening. The strain she had put on her body by stretching up so high had caused her dress to ride up. She wasn't sure how much, but from the admiring looks on their faces, it had been enough. She flushed with the humiliation, knowing as she took a step back into the store, that she would find no solace there.

She needed to get those shutters down. It had to be almost nine o'clock now. Had they seen her panties? Had she actually flashed her pussy? Surely her dress would not have raised that much, she hoped it had just been a little extra thigh than decorum permitted. She would need to test it out in the mirror when she got home. She couldn't not know. It would eat away at her.

Katie stepped back to the doorway, her jaw set, determined to succeed this time. She knew the consequences of her actions but she had no choice. She didn't want to humiliate herself, but she couldn't lose this chance at a job. Lauren had set it up for her and she could not disappoint her owner. She spared a glance for the donut stand and could tell, by the furtive way the two guys were wiping down the same section of counter, that her audience had not disappeared. She took a deep breath, located the hole in the shutter and reached up, swiftly and surely. Her fist attempt missed, the hook sliding along the runner. Katie winced at her failure, conscious now of the cool air against her thighs.

As the smooth flesh of her legs cooled in their exposure, her face boiled with shame. She had to try again. She had to reach higher, and with the extra effort, her dress would rise higher. She heard the scuff of a shoe behind her and she paniced, stretching with everything she had, rising out of her shoes and onto her tiptoes. She watched with unimaginable relief as the hook slid into the small hole and she was able to pull the shutter down out of its slot.

She knew it was late now, the other shops already had their shutters lowered halfway or further, the clear sign that business was over. Katie pulled the shutter down noisily, until it was just two feet from the floor. It was definitely after nine now and she needed to sweep up an do a quick final clean before she was collected. She had to be out the front waiting for her dad by 9:20.

It was only a small store. It couldn't take that long to sweep surely. How ignorant she was soon became apparent to the tired schoolgirl. There was so many little nooks and crannies around the displays and racks that it would take her much longer than she thought. She quickly picked up her pace, systematically sweeping small piles of dirt into the aisles. She decided it was best to sweep everything and then come through with the dustpan.

She didn't know just how much time she had, so she worked fast. Despite the cool air of the mall, she was hot by the time she had finished sweeping, the dustpan full of all manner of dirt and objects. She had never imagined a floor could get so dirty in one day. She emptied out the pan and made one last quick scout around, eager to impress but found nothing.

"Excuse me Ma'am, I have finished sweeping," Katie announced.
"Aren't you a doll. Well how did you find it?"
"It was really good. I really enjoyed it. I didn't think it would be so much work," Katie said, cringing as she realised how that sounded. "I mean that of course it's a lot of work, I mean there's so much to do and it was great Ma'am, I really enjoyed all of it and I really liked being busy."
"I know what you mean Katie. There's a lot to think about. We had a really good night tonight. It was a little slow but conversion was really great. Will I see you Thursday?"
"Yes please Ma'am," Katie said, relieved that her stupidity had not cost her the job. She was so dumb. Her mouth was going to get her into trouble if she didn't start thinking more. Lauren had said, more than once, that she wouldn't tolerate a dumb slave.
"You had better scoot. It's almost twenty past."
"Thank you Ma'am. I really appreciate the opportunity."

Katie looked longingly at the drawer in the desk at which Mrs. Farrell sat counting the receipts of the day's takings. Her purse was still in the desk. She could not leave without it, but there was money all over the desk and Mrs. Farrell was busy counting. But time was running out, she needed to go.

"Excuse me Ma'am, but could I have my purse please," Katie said timidly, trying to keep the anxiety out of her voice.
"What, oh sure," replied Mrs. Farrell, somewhat distracted. Katie watched in horror as the seated woman opened the drawer, reached in and withdrew her small purse, empty but for her dildo. There was no way that anyone picking up that tiny bag could fail to realise what was in it. The purse conformed to the shape of the hard, ridged shaft of the glass toy.

The terrified schoolgirl felt as if her face would melt as she took the offered purse. Mrs. Farrell looked at her, but the mortified young girl could not read her expression. Did she need to? It was obvious what the woman was thinking: slut. Would she even want her working now? If she said nothing, she would have to assume she could still come to work on Thursday.

Katie walked slowly out of the store, tensed to hear Mrs. Farrell call her back and tell her not to bother. She felt like a prisoner condemned but she had made it to the door with nothing, she slipped up the shutters and stepped out, still nothing. She slid them down again, this time all the way to the ground. It was as if a huge weight had been suddenly lifted from her. She rolled her shoulders, working out the stress as she hurried to the carpark. She still had a job, Lauren wouldn't be mad. She could rest easy tonight, knowing she had done a good job and been a good girl.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

She was a strange one, no doubting that, Mrs. Farrell mused. But sweet, incredibly sweet. She hadn't seen any signs of the focusing problems that Lauren had warned her about, but she had kept her busy, and kept the chat to a minimum. It was still hard to believe that such a sweet thing had behavioural problems. Everything else Lauren said checked out: once given a task she did her best to complete it, she was eager to please and respectful.

She wasn't entirely sure how she felt about being called 'Ma'am' though. Part of her felt old, but another part liked the term of respect. She was a successful businesswoman, building the store from scratch, she deserved to feel this way. Besides, it was nice to see the youth with some respect. Lauren was one of the only girls she knew who acted properly. With Katie under her wing, she would be sure to beat the problems the young girl was having in school.

She was only glad she could help out. She didn't know the Thomas family. She didn't mind helping out if they were struggling a little. If tonight was anything to go by it certainly wouldn't be charity. The girl worked hard, but she also had a talent for selling. It didn't hurt that she was cute as a button and didn't mind using that to her advantage. It was strange how nervous and reserved she was, and yet how sensuously she moved, how infused she was with the precocious sexual energy that only teenage girls could muster.&nbsp; It was an amazing mix to see in someone so young.

Jean finished counting the receipts; best Tuesday in a long time. She would look forward to Thursday. If the girl could repeat what she had done tonight, then there would be a lot more work coming her way.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

Her panties were still soaked. She had remembered them in the middle of writing her blog and could not wait until she had finished to attend to them. She couldn't put them in the hamper like they were. The only thing she could think of was to hang the wet underwear from her bedpost, hoping they would dry enough overnight. She popped the panties over the post nearest her desk and made a note to remember to collect them in the morning. She never again wanted to feel that debilitating panic she had felt that day, when she realised she had left her vibrator on display.

She hadn't spoken to Lauren tonight. Redvelvetlines was still watching her cam but she had no way of knowing if her owner was actually there. The first thing she had done when she returned home was to hurry to the bathroom and check her dress. She needed to know what she had shown, how much of her body had been on display when she tried to close the shutters.

Panties no, everything else, yes. When she stretched as much as she could her dress rose to expose her entire expanse of milky white thigh, stopping just short of allowing anyone to see the pretty panties she wore. It was enough. She flushed at the remembered humiliation, angry that she wasn't even safe when she was alone. At least she would not get into trouble for showing anyone her owner's property. She didn't know if it panties counted, she would have to ask.

She had quickly showered, run shivering back to her room, and sat down to write her blog. She poured her heart out on to the screen, letting all her thoughts about her first night of work flow through her fingers. She had to remind herself to spread her legs, it wasn't quite second nature to her yet.

She glanced at her pussy often as she wrote, still enamored of the smooth, plump lips of her sex completely open to view since her waxing. She hadn't liked it when it happened and even for a day afterward she had lamented the loss of her thick bush of tight black curls but she had since come to enjoy the look and feel of her pussy, clean and bare, the way her owner wanted.

One thing she was still not used to was the wetness she produced, almost non-stop. She found it distracting and embarrassing, knowing it only reinforced the certainty that she was a slut. She wished she didn't produce so much, the constant discharge caused her no end of problems, whether she was wearing panties or not. The strong scent that came with her secretions was manageable as long as she was allowed to keep it at least a little under control. Panties helped, her short, cold showers helped but the constant attention she was forced to give to her pussy did not.

Dildo days were worse. Clit days deepened her frustration until it became an almost physical force pressing upon her but the days she was scheduled for dildo-play made her so much wetter. Her cream literally dripped from her cunt in an almost inexhaustible flow. She knew Lauren liked the way she was but there were times, when her sodden panties slipped against her lips, or when she felt her slick labia touch a surface, that she just wanted to be normal.

She didn't have anything else to do tonight. After work was simply shower and blog. She had no homework and she was not required to play with herself. It was later than she was normally allowed to go to bed but she didn't feel tired. She wanted to talk to Lauren, to tell her everything about her day and especially about her work, how well it had gone.

Katie lay awake for a long time, thinking about Lauren, about what she had done while Katie had worked. She wondered if Lauren was in bed now too? What was she wearing? She knew she shouldn't be thinking such things. She should be focusing on the next day, her schoolwork and her schedule, but her thoughts continued to return to her owner, as if she was caught in an endless loop - no matter which way she turned the result would be the same. She finally drifted off to sleep, images of Lauren sleeping peacefully on infinite playback in her mind. 









Chapter 13&nbsp; The Subject


Clit day, Katie announced to herself as she peeled off the skintight shorts in which she had just run her morning circuit. She wasn't looking forward to playing with her pussy but she was looking forward to the cold shower even less. Having a break from the twice-daily masturbation sessions last night had given her a false sense of relief. She was frustrated, incredibly, maddeningly frustrated. She already needed to come, desperately, and the morning's session was only going to make it worse. She didn't know how much longer she could carry on like this.

Before becoming Lauren&#8217;s, she hadn't been a slave to her desire but she had never denied herself either. She hadn't come every day, but most would not be an exaggeration. She couldn't ask Lauren for relief. She would come when her owner felt she deserved it. It was her own stupid fault anyway. By being a little bitch, she had missed out and disappointed Lauren at the same time. But she had been good since then. Maybe, just maybe Lauren might have a treat for her soon.

Katie kept that hope alive as she shivered under the icy water of her cold shower. She used the thoughts to fight back the impending climax as her tiny vibrator nestled against her hard clit. Was she destined to be constantly on the edge, her pussy twitching with unquenched desire as it continued to produce the secretions of her uncontrollable arousal.

She stopped on time, cleaned herself, enjoying the taste of her sex and hurried to complete the rest of her morning routine. She was beginning to understand what she needed to do and where she needed to be without constantly checking the time and she was managing to stay on schedule more and more.

She made it to school and to her locker without missing a minute, an achievement that made her smile as she opened her locker. Her owner would be pleased but it also meant she would avoid any 'make-up' time that night. Most of all though, it meant that she was learning. If she could continue to improve she knew that Lauren would think more of her and the happier she kept Lauren the more chance she had to win her over.

"Hey Katie, I love your outfit," beamed Miranda.
"Thanks," the joyful schoolgirl replied as she removed what she would need for biology class.

Lauren had dressed her in a pair of denim shorts, not her shortest but still only covering an inch or two of thigh. She had a thin, white blouse, short-sleeved with pretty blue buttons closing each sleeve. A brown vest completed the cute ensemble. The vest was low-cut, having only three buttons but it went so well with the delicate blouse. It was not something Katie would ever have thought of.

"You're so great with fashion. You can wear anything though."
"Well so could you Miranda. You don't have to just wear jeans and stuff. I know I used to but you don't have to."
"Yeah but I'm not pretty like you Katie. I can't wear all those pretty clothes like you do."

Katie didn't want to pressure Lauren but she really wanted to help this girl but for that she needed her owner's approval. Even more reason to behave and make sure she stuck to her schedule. That was the key to helping Miranda, the key to everything really. The only real choice she had now was to choose to be obedient and behave.

"I gotta go Miranda."
"Yeah I know, biology labs are a bit of a walk."

Katie waved goodbye, wondering again how Miranda seemed to know every class she had and yet she knew nothing about her new friend. She didn't mind biology but it was one of her worst subjects. She just hadn't really paid much attention or applied herself but that had all changed. Her owner would not accept anything but good grades. Did that mean she needed to get A's?

Her memory was good enough, it was just that she didn't know the information to begin with. The thought of memory jogged something in her mind. Did she have to remember something? Shit, what had she forgotten? Had Lauren told her to do something special? No it wasn't super-important like that, it was... Her panties. Fucking hell, she had left yesterday's panties hanging from her bedpost. She had meant to drop them in the hamper this morning but she had totally forgotten.

Katie stopped and leant against the wall of the corridor as the realisation of what she had done sank in. How was she getting so sloppy? First her vibrator and now her panties. She had always been so careful. She was thinking too much about her pussy, too much about needing to come and not enough time spent focusing on what she needed to. She was too much of a slut to even think straight now.

The apprehensive schoolgirl continued to her next class, hoping against hope that her mother wasn't doing the washing today, and even if she did, that she didn't feel the need to go searching for clothes. She had never before bothered that her mother had invaded her privacy in that way, after all she had been a bit of a slob and half of her dirty clothes could be found on the floor of her room. But that had all changed when she had become Lauren's property. She was a good girl now.

She made it to her biology class only moments before the bell rang, the last student to arrive. Katie blushed the moment she stepped into the lab, memories of her short time in room 9C flooding back. She as in 9B, so at least she was spared the indignity of being in the exact same room as her earlier degradation, though the similar layout was playing havoc with her emotions.

Katie looked at her usual desk but quickly moved on. She glanced around the room with a melancholy air, trying her best to ignore Dana and Holly and their snide laughing. She had sat at the same desk with the same girls for every single lesson she had in this class, and now she had been abandoned. The only seat available was at Bray's table. Brad and Ray were ok, it was just that they were virtually inseparable. It had been Dana who had started calling them Bray and it had kind of stuck.

She sat down next to Brad and smiled nervously. They barely spared her a look and continued with their conversation. They were such great friends, Katie thought as she waited for the class to begin. It was exactly how she wanted to be with Lauren, the easy camaraderie, the comfort of knowing someone was always there for you.

"Right class. Project day today. There are six separate projects, one for each table. One representative from each table come up and get an assignment. Just one, let's have a little decorum please," said Mr. Shaw exasperatedly.
"Hurry Katie, we want to get a good one," said Brad urgently.

She was seated closest to the aisle, so it looked like she was the elected representative of their table. Most tables had three or four, but this would be the first time anyone had worked with Brad and Ray. Everyone pretty much left them to themselves, knowing what it would be like to work with the tightly-knit pair.

Katie hurried forward to retrieve her project kit, not wanting to be left to last. Just as her hand was about to close over one kit, it was snatched out from under her. Holly smiled at her sweetly and went trouncing back to her table, her petty task achieved. Katie grabbed the next kit she could and went back to her own desk, wondering why her ex-friends could not leave her alone. They had dumped her, excommunicated her from their group so why were they still persecuting her. Surely abandoning her after so long was enough?

"Ok let's see what we got," said Ray, snatching the envelope from Katie as soon as she was in reach.
"Regulation of the Human Heart Rate. Sounds boring," said Brad.
Bore, snore, Ray chimed in.

Katie looked at the two boys and sighed silently. This was why no one wanted to work with them, but she had no choice. Gee what a surprise she thought, a little bitterly. It wasn't that there was anything really wrong with them, they were both kind of cute surfer types it was just that they were such boys.

They spread the project out on the table and all three started to read. They may have been annoying but they always got the work done. At least that was something. Katie read through the project and she didn't think it was boring at all. They had to design an experiment to measure the heart rate of a human being and discover what factors increase or decrease the heart rate and then hypothesise why this would be the case and how their hypothesis would fit with human evolutionary behaviour.

This lesson they would design the experiment and begin their first steps. It would be completed in the next lab and they would then have to present their findings to the class. She would be stuck with these guys for the next three lessons, but there wasn't really anything else she could do.

It took twenty minutes to design the experiment. Katie didn't know quite how it happened but she had seemingly been volunteered as the subject of the experiment. Brad and Ray had tended to do their own thing, making suggestions and nominating the schoolgirl who had been forced to join their group, to take on the role of the experimentee. She had been unable to get a word in and soon resigned herself to sitting back and spectating.

They would first measure her heart rate independently. Once a control set of measurements were established, they would then set about a series of activities that would increase and decrease Katie's heart rate. They sat to either side of the bewildered schoolgirl and talked across her, as if she was simply another part of the apparatus to be used for the experiment. Not once did they ask her opinion or input.

"Ok first, measure subject's heart rate at rest. Ok, Ray, stopwatch please."
"Stopwatch," Ray replied, handing over the small instrument as if he was a doctor in an operating theatre.
"Subject," Brad said, nodding at Katie, "stands arms out, palms up.

Katie stood up, disliking the impersonal way that they were talking about her but what could she do. She simply had to go along with what was happening. She didn't want to rock the boat or cause any trouble and she had to admit, the design was a pretty good one. She held out her arms as Brad instructed and waited obediently.

"Right, let's get this show on the road," said Brad. Both boys reached out and took one of Katie's wrists, resting two fingers across the thick blue veins they could see under her skin.&nbsp; "Pulse?"
"Yes," replied Ray, all business now.
"Subject remains still while control is established. Go."

Katie opened her mouth to object but knew it was foolish. He hadn't meant anything by it. Only a girl who had been enslaved by one of her classmates could possibly read into that innocent statement the levels of humiliation that she had. She stood perfectly stood, as her body was used as part of the biology experiment.

The soft, warm touch at her wrists was strangely comforting and unnerving at the same time. Both boys seemed to have lost focus, staring dazedly into the distance as they counted the beats of her heart. Katie tried not to look around the room, tried not to think how it looked. She tried to stay calm so she wouldn't ruin the experiment. She knew what could happen if she started to think too much.

Three control measurements were taken, the results written down by Brad as Katie continued to stand by the desk, her arms outstretched. At the end of the first minute she had gone to move but both Brad and Ray had been quite vocal on the need for her to stay still so she obeyed, trying to keep her mind focused only on the classwork and not on the soft, nervous fluttering in her belly.

"Ok, great. Nice steady measurements. Now activity one is a heart rate increase: physical activity. Subject runs on the spot for two minutes."

Katie looked at Brad as he read out the next part of the experiment. She slowly lowered her arms as the actual realisation of what the assignment entailed dawned upon her. She had been completely marginalised during the project's inception and she had tuned out a little as Brad and Ray continued without her. Now though, as the experiment ramped into the next stage, she fervently wished she had paid more attention.

There wasn't anything she could do now. The class was half over, their experiment already designed. If she caused a scene now not only would time have been wasted but there was a chance it could affect her grade. She looked quickly between her two lab partners as they looked at her expectantly, and sighed quietly, resigned to her fate.

Katie started jogging on the spot, barely lifting her feet from the ground. She knew it was lame, knew she should be showing a little more commitment but it was hard. She saw the frowns on her partner's faces and quickly increased her speed. In moments she was truly running, lifting her knees high. She could feel her breasts move and was thankful Lauren had provided her with a bra as part of her day's outfit.

Brad and Ray stared at the young schoolgirl running on the spot before them. They had been unable to believe their luck when Katie Thomas had come to their table and when the assignment had been received, they had known, with a look, how it would go. But this, well this was better than even they could have anticipated. Katie had simply done everything they said without a hint of resistance. They were used to people giving in to them, simply because they were annoying, but this was something else.

Katie stared at a point on the far wall, unable to meet the gaze of either of her partners. Their eyes never left her body, their lascivious gaze misinterpreted by the young girl as simple experimental zeal. Still, the looks made her uncomfortable, conscious, as she was, of the way her body moved. She was only grateful she had not been wearing a skirt.

As Katie continued to run she heard laughing from behind her. She knew that laugh and she knew, instinctively, where it was directed. She blushed with humiliation, knowing that by now the whole class was probably looking, watching her, laughing at how stupid she looked running on the spot in the middle of the classroom, laughing at how she had become merely the subject of the experiment.

She was breathing heavily, panting loudly, when the stopwatch beeped, indicating her two minutes were up. She desperately wanted to sit down, to rest for just a little bit, but Brad would not let her.

"Subject is then measured for change of heart rate."

Katie stood as still as she could, chest heaving and arms outstretched as Brad and Ray each took a wrist and measured her pulse once again.&nbsp; As she stood still, her heart racing, her breasts pushing against the tight blouse and vest the true nature of the spectacle she had become washed over her.

How had she let herself be demeaned in this way? She squirmed a little under the warm touch of each boy's hand on her wrist and lamented her position. Her body was being used as a piece of experimental apparatus and she had let it happen. She suddenly felt as if the gentle touch at each wrist was unable to be broken, as if she was restrained in some way. Her heart beat even faster and her face flushed with the sensation as the memory of restraint flooded her young mind.

Katie hoped the insane amount of heat radiating from her face was mistaken as simply the flush of exertion. She breathed a sigh of relief as the stopwatch beeped and she was released. She lowered her arms cautiously, expecting Brad and Ray to get angry at her for moving, silently relieved that they did not. She dreaded what was to come next.

"Ok, activity two is heart rate decrease: meditation. Subject sits on the floor, legs crossed, eyes closed in a position of relaxation. Subject empties the mind and thinks relaxing thoughts, focusing on slow, steady breathing."

Katie looked at Brad, then at the floor. Couldn't she sit on a stool? But how was she to sit cross-legged then. She knew that was how you sat when meditating. She had come this far, she was the subject and the rules of the experiment were pretty clear. She lowered herself to the floor and crossed her legs. She closed her eyes and tried to think relaxing thoughts and focus on getting her breathing under control: slow, deep breaths.

"And what's going on here?"
"Shh Mr Shaw, the subject is in a heart rate decreasing activity," said Brad hushing the teacher.
"Oh, very good. Let's see the design. Very good, I look forward to seeing the hypothesis you intend to postulate. Carry on."

Katie listened from the floor, her eyes still firmly closed, doing her best to uphold the spirit of the experiment. It wasn't easy. Anyone had to admit it was a strange place to find yourself: kneeling on the floor of a classroom, meditating. She tried her best to block out the sounds from the rest of the class, but the continued laughter from Dana's table made it difficult. She was sure she heard her name whispered more than once but she tried not to let it bother her. She was supposed to be relaxing.

Brad and Ray stood over the young girl, making the most of the opportunity that bounty had seen fit to gift them. They had a completely unobstructed view down Katie's top. The low elevation, coupled with the way she sat, her straight back pushing her blouse against her vest, tenting the material to provide a clear view of her cleavage, even allowing the eager boys to see the bra she wore and the way it cupped her soft teenage breasts.

Brad surreptitiously clicked the stopwatch, pausing the timer, providing them with as long as they wanted to peer at the display Katie was providing. Ray desperately wanted to capture the moment, but a look from Brad told him no. There was really no way to take the photo without half the class knowing and if Mr. Shaw found out, none of their boyish charm would stave off the expulsion that was sure to come, but they were not put off that easily.

Brad turned the timer back on, knowing that they needed to move on. When the stopwatch finally beeped, Katie stood slowly, reticent to leave the relaxing position. She had completely lost track of time as she focused on her breathing, and relaxing each muscle in her body in turn. She could feel her heart rate slow, she was sure of it. She reached out her arms without being prompted and stood patiently as Brad and Ray once again took a wrist and measured.

The grins and small noises of delight let her know that the activity was a success. She felt a flush of pride at a job well done and was relieved that she hadn't let her lab partners down. Brad and Ray were doing all the work and all she needed to do was what she was told. She still wished she was able to have a little more input, maybe do some of the measuring too, but it wasn't her place. She was just glad she was in a good group. She was sure to get a good grade out of this. Lauren would be pleased.

"Activity three, heart rate increase," Brad said after they had noted their findings. "Stress."

Katie wasn't sure about this activity. How were they even going to do this? Stress, what did that even mean? She knew what stress was, she had been given a crash course over the past week. Stress was trying to conform to an extremely tight schedule. Stress was starting a new job. Stress was trying to please your owner, knowing that failure would result in punishment. But how were they going to do stress here?

"We know what you did Katie," Brad whispered in her ear.
"Yeah it must be all around the school by now," Ray chimed in on her other side.
"Who would have thought, Katie Thomas huh."
"Not me."
"We didn't believe it, but pictures don't lie."
"Fucking amazing."

Katie's heart pounded and the flesh on her face began to melt, she could feel it. What the fuck was this? She had gripped the edge of the table harder and harder as each boy spoke, alternating their hateful whispers. It wasn't possible. Had Lauren betrayed her

"Subject prepares for measurement. Quickly," said Brad loudly.
"Quick," chimed in Ray, ever the eloquent one.

Katie got numbly to her feet and offered up her wrists. What the fuck! That was part of the experiment? Well it had definitely worked. Her heart was beating a mile a minute and her knees wobbled as she tried to stand still while the boys took her pulse. It was only then that she noticed that she was standing almost at attention, her feet planted shoulder-width apart. She must have stood like this automatically each time her pulse had been taken.

But how had they known what to say? Was there any truth behind it. She looked at each boy in turn, trying to see the truth in their faces, but neither were looking at her. Well they were looking at her, at her chest to be exact, but she could see they were preoccupied by their counting. She tried to think of what they had actually said, nothing really. It had all been so general, it could have meant everything or nothing. She had been the one to fill in the gaps and make it so successful. Her paranoia had fed off the tiny tidbits of implied information. She was sure they knew nothing.

"Right, activity four is a heart rate decrease. Subject remains passive, allowing no outside stimulus to impact. Measurements taken each minute until the heart rate returns to the control levels."

Katie sighed, realising she would have Brad and Ray clinging to her wrist once a minute until she could calm herself naturally. She closed her eyes and tried to control her breathing.

"No," exclaimed Brad, startling the schoolgirl's eyes open. "No relaxation techniques. Eyes open and breath normally. This is important."

Katie wanted to say sorry but instead she simply obeyed. Despite the uneasiness she had felt at being treated like an object she knew the assignment was going well. Each time they took her pulse, each boy smiled and she had smiled in turn, knowing their project would be a success.

It took five minutes for Brad and Ray to be satisfied she had returned to the control level. She had stood as still as she could and simply looked at the far wall, every now and then glancing around the room a little, careful not to meet anyone's eye. She could tell people were looking at her, she could see them in her peripheral vision, faceless blurs, but she knew they were looking her way, wondering what she was doing, judging her.

"That's it for today. Pack up your things and we'll pick this up next week. I encourage you to think about your projects, refine your design. The following week will be presentations. Each group will give a five minute presentation with two minutes for questions. OK, kits back to the front," Mr. Shaw finished just as the bell was ringing.

Brad and Ray packed up their books and left the room, leaving Katie to collect all the items from their kit and return it to the front. She blushed furiously as, now that she was alone and no longer under the scrutiny of Brad and Ray, she realised that she had been used and then discarded as if she was nothing. She didn't mean anything to her lab partners beyond the role she had played in the experiment. The demeaning role, she knew. There was nothing she could do now but she cursed herself for a weak pussy for not stopping it sooner. It didn't have to be that way. They could all have taken turns.

The thought of pussy as she returned to her table, made her think of the dildo in her bag. She had not kept an eye on her bag all lesson. She even had her eyes closed at one point, completely oblivious to her surroundings. She was sure her bag wasn't in the same place. What if someone had looked inside? She tried to tell herself it was purely paranoia, but as she left the classroom, she couldn't shake the terrible feeling that her dildo had been discovered.

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

"Sit."

Katie fidgeted with the strap of her bag as she sat in the chair across from her owner. She had been so happy when she received a text instructing her to meet Lauren in the library during lunch. She hadn't talked with her for so long, not even to her cam and she missed her. It was a hard thing to accept but she had decided that running from the way she felt was stupid and even disrespectful to her owner.

She had been so excited, a tiny shiver had rocked her body, the familiar, though still unqualified, tingling of her spine had made her hands tremble. Just seeing who the text was from, just seeing the words 'My Owner' on the screen of her phone had sent her belly tossing and turning. But now she was here, with Lauren sitting across from her, she was anxious. The single word her owner had spoken filled Katie with trepidation.

"I don't know what happened in economics," Lauren began, reading from a piece of paper she unfolded. "It was amazing but scary too. I couldn't control what was happening. It was almost like when my owner made me cum but there was nothing touching my pussy but my panties but I could feel it in my whole body, like I was going to burst and like there was electricity inside me."

"Miss it wasn't an orgasm. I didn't come Miss, honest. I don't know what happened, but I didn't come, really I didn't."

The words tumbled from Katie before she could stop them. Lauren had read from last night's blog, and Katie could tell but the tone of her voice that she was not impressed. She knew she shouldn't have just blurted out what she had, but the thought that Lauren suspected her of such a serious breach of discipline as to come without permission had made her frantic.

"Finished?"
"Yes Miss, sorry."
"I know you didn't come Kitty. I don't think even a slut like you can come from a daydream. What I want to know is, what were you thinking about when this happened, hmmm. That little detail you managed to leave out."
"Um," Katie stalled, knowing she was trapped. She had no real choice but to tell the truth. Why was she so upset by the prospect? "I was thinking of you Miss."
"Cheeky monkey," Lauren said, smiling at the nervous schoolgirl sitting across from her.

She wasn't mad! Her owner wasn't upset. She had made herself crazy over nothing. Lauren knew she wouldn't come without permission. Her owner knew her better than that. She wouldn't be so bad. Katie felt suddenly very silly and terribly self-conscious, the familiar flush filling her cheeks.

"You shouldn't leave things like that out of your blog Kitty, but you'll learn. Have you thought about it since?"
"Um, a little Miss, not really. I kind of didn't want to."
"Why?"
"Um, I... Miss," Katie paused for a second and looked around the room, thankful that no one was near. "Miss, how do you know I'm a slut?"
"Seriously Kitty?"
"Miss I know I am, I'm not trying to get out of it, honest. it's just..."
"Kitty, you sound as if you think you're in trouble. You really are adorable. Ok, how do I know you're a slut? The same way you do Kitty. Your body tells me more than you ever could. Tell me, what's your pussy like right now."
"Wet, Miss."
"You can feel it right? Creamy too?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, blushing furiously and looking furtively around the room.
"Since your training has begun your sexual appetite has been incredibly high. This is the mark of a slut. Tell me Kitty, how often do you think about sex?"
"Um a lot, Miss."
"Right and it's when nothing sexual is going on too."
"Yes Miss," Katie admitted, wondering how Lauren knew. She had always thought about sex, but not like this, not so much and it had never affected her like this. She sometimes couldn't concentrate on anything else going on around her so intense were her feelings. When Lauren was around it was near uncontrollable.

"It's more than just that though Kitty. It is in the way you move your whole body, the way you walk, sit, stand and talk. It's so obvious. But you know all this don't you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied obediently, hanging her head in shame, not able to look Lauren in the eye. She knew what she was thinking and she was afraid those pale blue eyes would look into her soul and reveal, to them both, who she was, afraid they would strip away all of her protections.
"So..." Lauren prompted, leaning back on her chair and twirling her finger in the air.
"Um," Katie began before she suddenly jumped back in her chair. Something had slid up her leg, but when she glanced under the desk all she saw was Lauren's bare foot tapping the ground.
"Back in close to the desk Kitty. Closer. Come forward on your chair. Good girl. Now continue."

Katie was now seated as close as she could get to the table. The thick edge actually pushed into her belly a little uncomfortably. She had scooted her ass forward on the chair and opened her legs slightly, her pussy now hanging at the very edge of the chair. Only a second passed before she felt the gentle pressure of her owner's bare toes press into her panty-covered mound.

Moist lips parted as a soft gasp escaped her.&nbsp; She was supposed to be talking but she couldn't think of anything but the insistent pressure between her legs. She could feel Lauren's toes pushing her panties inside her, forcing the damp material past her slick lips and into her the moist pink folds of her vagina. It was the first time she had wanted her shorts to be shorter and tighter. Lauren's foot had simply slipped to one side of the outer layer of denim.

"Kitty?"
"Sorry... Miss," the schoolgirl panted. "Um... I guess that, um... It's all... Um Miss, I..."
"Why did you not want to think about what happened?" Lauren prompted.
"Miss I," Katie stopped, her hands gripping the table, her knuckles turning white, as Lauren's questing toes found the schoolgirl's hard, pulsing clit beneath her panties.
"Miss I, didn't want... because I don't... it's just that I didn't know and I didn't want to just be that."
"Make sense. This is the exact reason we are here in the first place. And you asked me why," Lauren said incredulously. "You can't even collect yourself for five seconds to answer a question.

Katie didn't know what to do. Her mind just wasn't working. It was all she could do not to moan loudly each time she opened her mouth to speak. A soft noise to her right made her look. Two girls were looking at the bookshelves only six feet away. The potential for discovery and the humiliation it would cause, was just the catalyst Katie needed to regain her composure.

"Miss I guess I didn't want to think about it because I didn't want to know that I am a slut. I mean I know that I am one but I didn't want for that to just be everything."
"Kitty you are a slut. It is what you are. You couldn't not be a girl could you?"
"No Miss," Katie replied a little confused, the casual movements at her crotch preventing her from focusing entirely.
"Well you have as much chance of not being a slut as you have of not being a girl. It's nothing to be ashamed of. You are so delicious Kitty, so cute and adorable and being a slut has everything to do with that."
"So, um Miss, it's alright with you? I mean you don't think..."

Ah, though Lauren, and so we come to the heart of the issue. She had been able to see the conflict in her young slave but she hadn't quite been able to put her finger on the reasons. So she was worried that the way her body was responding to her training would in some way make Lauren think worse of her. She really was the most gorgeous little thing.

Lauren was sure there was a lot more to it, after all, coming to terms with the fact that you are a slut, something which you had never before contemplated, must be confusing in itself. She had seen Katie wrestle with that dilemma but she hadn't realised how deeply seated it had become, and that it had manifested itself as a search for approval. Lauren wasn't quite sure what it all meant, but she smiled beatifically as she thought of the possibilities.

"Kitty, I want you just the way you are. Sluts are highly prized and you are mine. Your cunt is a work of art. Taste it now and tell me you don't agree."

Katie blushed at the thought, but that did not stop her hand from sliding under the table and between her legs. Her fingers pushed their way between the tight band of her shorts and panties and the soft skin of her lower belly. The young girl shivered as her fingers met the top of her slick slit. She could still feel her owner's foot resting against her inner thigh as she forced her hand lower until two fingers slipped between her lips and curled up inside her, questing for the cream she knew was there.

She kept her fingers curled into her palm as she withdrew her hand and lifted it as casually as she could to her mouth. She smelt her musky scent long before her fingers reached her mouth, and disappeared inside without pause. Her eyes had not left Lauren's the entire time. She was captivated by the pale turquoise orbs, unable to look away. She saw the small smile curl her owner's mouth as she savoured the taste of her sex.

"Kitty, you will be coming to stay with me this weekend. Friday afternoon you will catch the bus to my house and you will stay until Sunday night. Inform your parents."

"Yes Miss," Katie replied, quickly taking her, now clean, fingers from her mouth and hiding them under the table. She didn't want to be reminded of what she had just done. While it had been happening she had thought of nothing else, but now the wave of shame crashed over her as she looked around the room, reminding herself there were other people here. They weren't at home behind locked doors now.

The thought of spending time with her owner, so much time, left her breathless. She craved it, wanting nothing more, but it also filled her with trepidation. She had no idea what Lauren had planned, she could not even imagine, but the thought both excited and scared her. The training her owner had begun was progressing, Katie was sure, but she also knew that it would happen much more rapidly when she spent time alone with her owner.

"Kitty you have made my toes all sticky. Clean them before the bell rings, I have something to do before lunch finishes."

Katie looked at Lauren, her eyes widening at the thought of what she had been commanded to do. There were still at least ten people in the room and the anxious schoolgirl was sure every one of them would see what she was doing, know instinctively the degrading task she was performing. She pushed her chair back and with a deep breath, crawled under the table. She had to try and use her body to shield Lauren's feet, but that would mean that people would be able to see her butt. The alternative, though, was much worse.

Her owner's bare foot tapped the carpet beneath the table, waiting for her slave to begin her service. Katie did not want to do this. She had kissed Lauren's feet before but this was different, this was at school where she could be seen. She slowly lowered herself closer to the ground and snaked her tongue towards her owner's foot.

The moment her tongue touched bare flesh, she threw herself into her task, licking and kissing each of Lauren's toes. She could taste not only the familiar tang of her pussy, but also her owner's sweat and the carpet of the library floor. Lauren pivoted her foot on her heel, lifting her toes in the air so Katie could take each one into her mouth.

The young girl continued to lick and suckle until she heard a sharp click from above. Lauren had snapped her fingers, the signal for her slave to stop. As if crawling under a table to lick your own cunt juice off another girl's feet wasn't humiliating enough, now she was being treated like an animal, forced to respond to clicks. What was next? Whistles?

The red-faced schoolgirl scrambled out from under the desk and took her seat, not daring to look around the room. She glanced at Lauren as she self-consciously removed a few fibres that clung to her moist lips. She pushed her tongue against her lips, forcing what felt like a hair towards the front of her mouth. She didn't want to look at what it was, wiping it against her chair once she had plucked it from her wriggling tongue.

"I have a present for you Kitty," said Lauren, sliding a package across the desk.
"Thank you Miss," Katie said, a little overwhelmed at the unexpected gesture.
"They are for your morning run. You can wear your others when you walk Max."
"Thank you very much Miss," Katie said as she touched the package carefully. Lauren knew how she was feeling with only one exercise outfit to wear. Her owner had seen her need and she had provided for her. Katie did not know what to say. There was a catch in her throat as she opened her mouth to speak.

"What's wrong?"
"Nothing Miss, it's just... Thank you so much."
"Well Kitty, did you get me anything?" Lauren smiled at the stricken look on the young girl's face.
"Um, no Miss," Katie barely managed to whisper in sudden despair at the thought of upsetting Lauren.
"Really my little slave. Not even a kiss?"
"Oh," said Katie, a little embarrassed. Lauren had just been teasing her. But they were in the middle of the library, there was no way she could kiss her owner here. "Miss we, um," Katie hesitated looking around the room at the other students.
"Come."

Katie followed Lauren to the back of the library, they passed Sumeria, and kept on going. Lauren led her to the deepest part of the library, where piles of books sat unordered. Katie watched, her cheeks warming as Lauren leaned backwards over a trolley covered with books, and slowly lifted up her skirt.

A quiet thrill tingled through the schoolgirl&#8217;s body as the toned thighs of her owner were revealed inch by inch, until the first glimpse of bright orange panties emerged like the rising sun. Her heart was beating rapidly and her pussy was on fire. Lauren was so beautiful. As the skirt was raised a little higher, the mesmerised schoolgirl stared at the tiny mound that lay behind the thin layer of orange material.

"You owe me a kiss Kitty," said Lauren sensuously, parting her legs just a little and sliding a hand casually across her panty-clad pussy.

Katie's stomach flipped upside down as she sank to her knees before her owner. She leaned forward without thinking, pushing her soft lips against Lauren's panties, feeling the delicate lips beneath. Lauren reached down and pulled her panties aside. Katie's mouth darted in immediately, her pursed lips gently touching Lauren's compact labia.

The young girl covered the smooth flesh with dozens of tiny kisses. She had to bite back her own passion and keep her tongue in her mouth. It kept trying to dart past her teeth, but Lauren had told her only to kiss. She couldn't help the feelings that rose inside her, the urges that she could barely contain. This was part of her being a slut she realised, but even after Lauren's talk she still felt oddly about it, the strange lack of control she seemed to have over her own emotions making her question everything. These actions were not her choice after all, and even though this was technically true, it was becoming something more remote and less important with each passing day.

"Good girl," Lauren said, patting the kneeling teenager's head. Katie smiled, despite the mild discomfort she felt as Lauren pulled her to her feet by her hair. She had pleased her owner and the pride and joy she felt in those two small words made her heart ache.

Without a further word, Lauren walked away, leaving Katie breathing heavily and tingling with delight. She watched her owner walk down the aisle, her hips sashaying&nbsp; sexily in the pretty black pleated skirt. She could not wait for Friday. 









Chapter 14. Tossed In Slumbers

Katie could not believe how quickly time had passed, though she was sure she understood why. She remembered back to Wednesday when Lauren had told her what the coming weekend would hold. She ran now, her breathing coming in harsh gasps as she focused on keeping her speed, despite the distractions. She remembered the thrill that had electrified her entire body when her owner had explained there would be another sleepover, only this time it would be at Lauren's house. She would be with Lauren for two days and nights and the possibilities had raged within her. She hadn't thought too much about what would happen, about what indignities Lauren had planned, it was the knowledge that she would be with her owner again that excited and consumed her.

Every waking moment since the revelation had been made had increased the anticipation she felt. Time had seemed to fly for the young girl, the passing hours a blur of half-forgotten motion. She followed her schedule faithfully and did her best to stay out of trouble and be as inconspicuous as possible. She had succeeded more often than she had failed, but each night she had owed Lauren time that she had squandered throughout the day.

Katie ran her proscribed route, the crisp morning air causing a chill in her bare flesh despite the heat her body produced. Her nipples were hard, as they were every time she exercised, but her mornings were now worse. Lauren's present, that had so excited Katie, had been a new exercise outfit: small tight shorts and halter top. The pale, pastel blue colour was lovely, the highly elastic material of the halter top clung to her body, highlighting the schoolgirl's fine-boned delicacy that was only enhanced by the ample bosom. What she had realised after her first run in her new outfit, was the way the light-coloured material increased the visibility of her stiff nipples. There was no way, in this outfit, that the hard buds that tipped each breast could be missed, even at a distance.

It was the shorts, however, that had caused Katie the most distress. They were no more brief than the black pair she already owned, the waistband sitting well below her hips, exposing a wide band of bare flesh across her belly and chest, it was another feature that the young girl was so deeply humiliated by. The seam of the shorts ran directly through her crotch, placed so that when the tight garment was pulled snugly against her body, her labia were split, each plump lip separated and cupped by the baby-blue material.

She had not noticed until she returned from her run Thursday morning. It had only been as she peeled the small shorts from her body that she realised what had happened. She had confirmed it as she dressed that morning. The shape of her pussy was clear, each sensual curve visible as if the shorts had simply been painted on. She had tried to reposition the seam, but by the time she had reached the bottom of the stairs, it had once again slipped back between her lips. Katie remembered the nauseating flush of heat that burst in her body at the realisation of what she had shown the previous day, and of what she would display again today, and every morning until her owner decided otherwise.

The other joggers and walkers had looked at her before, she had felt their hungry glares, but now she was almost flashing her bare sex at them. She honestly hadn't known if she could leave the house the way she was. She had seriously contemplated removing the outfit and putting on her black set. Yet here she was. She was more desperate than ever to keep running, hoping that if she moved quickly enough it would be more difficult to see her lascivious display. She hadn't dared to look at anyone coming her way but she knew they devoured her barely covered young body. She couldn't bear to have her suspicions confirmed and continued to stare at the pavement until she reached the familiar patch near her house.

She had made it home from another run, another tiring, humiliating experience that she could only hope was making her better. She didn't mind the exercise now, the way her body felt was exciting, but she wished, with all her heart, that she could be allowed to wear something more substantial. Wearing what was, in essence, underwear didn't make her run any faster or better. She had felt sexy in her black shorts and top, even though they were so revealing, but her new outfit was too much.

Katie did not stop moving at speed until she was back in her room. She could not risk her parents seeing her this way, the shape of her most intimate part so clearly displayed by the clothing she wore. In a way it was worse than being naked. Her clothes were supposed to be her protection and yet she so often felt they were part of her torment. She felt sexy, but she also felt wrong and the confusion caused by the conflict of such opposite emotions was making her head ache.

The extremely short, cold shower, helped but she was immediately caught back in the emotional whirlwind as she brought herself so very close to orgasm using her fingers and vibrator, as her schedule demanded. She couldn't stop the feelings and she could not embrace them. She knew Lauren was right, she knew she was a slut but it was a hard thing to accept, even after she had her owner's approval. Everyone said it was so wrong and yet it felt so right, especially when Lauren was with her.

The morning passed like any other: Katie trying hard to focus on her schoolwork and her schedule, while a constant stream of sexual imagery flickered through her mind like a filthy film reel. Her classes passed, lunch passed. She talked with Miranda but remembered not a word. The bell ringing at the end of class was like a peal for freedom, heralding a weekend with her owner for which she had yearned, for what felt like an eternity. She wouldn't be catching the bus with Lauren, her owner was once again running home while Katie caught the bus. She had been given very specific instructions and she would need to follow them to the letter.

She wasn't used to Lauren's bus and she was forced to sit up the front with the younger students. She felt a little foolish but at least there was no Pierre. She had to count the stops to Lauren's as she didn't really know the streets, trying to block out the whispers of the young boys, who she knew were talking about her. Katie scurried off the bus and quickly made her way to her owner's house. She had to go around the back of the house and enter the laundry. Lauren had said the door would be unlocked and it was. She locked it behind her, placed her bag by the door and looked for the note she had been told would instruct her further.

Kitty

Remove your clothes and fold them neatly. Place them through the cat-door. Remove your dildo and insert it in your pussy. Kneel and wait

Your Owner

Katie turned the small piece of paper over and then read the missive again, and then again. The instructions were nothing if not clear, but how could she do this? There was a window in the door behind her, through which she could be easily seen. The lock on the door really seemed like no protection at all. The suddenly anxious schoolgirl looked around the small room, though what she thought she would see she did not know. She listened intently though she could hear no sound from the house or the yard, only the faint sound of children playing in a far off street. She was sure Lauren's mother was not home, she would never have told her to do this if she was. She had to trust her owner, no matter how hard it may seem.

Her mind made up that obedience was her only option she quickly removed the small floral pattern blouse, bra, skirt and panties. Her shoes and socks followed and she soon had a neat and tidy little pile that she clung to desperately. This was the moment of no return. Well not really, if she heard someone coming she could always just reach through the tiny cat-door and retrieve her clothes, she would just have to be sure that she didn't push them too far in.

Her plan set, she pushed the small bundle through the little plastic door and watched as it flapped back into place. She heard a tiny click as it came back and rested in its frame. In a moment of overwhelming fear she pressed the little door, afraid of what she would find. She pushed gently at first, then harder as her fears were confirmed.

The door would not budge. Her plan was in tatters. She was now naked and helpless, with no way to retrieve her clothing. She pushed harder on the small cat door, before giving it up as a lost cause. Her hands flew in panic to the door handle but the cool metal knob simply rattled in her hand. She had no way of entering the house, no way of retrieving her only protection and no way to get more. She looked around the room, her eyes darting frantically for a way of escape. She trembled like a tiny animal caught in a cage, her eyes wide and shining with the first hint of tears as panic gripped her.

Trust! The word burst into her mind, like a huge neon sign, five feet long and luminous. She had to trust her owner. She wasn't in any danger. She was in a locked room, a tiny room but it was secure. No one could get in, but nor could she leave. She was caught in the room as securely as if she had been tied as tightly as she had been the last time she and Lauren had been together. It was only as her situation became clear, that she remembered the rest of the note. Her breathing began to calm, now that her predicament had been accepted. She retrieved her dildo from her bag, her ever-constant companion. It was only then that she realised that multiple sets of clothing had lain only inches away. The memory of the panic that had gripped her only moments before made her face flush with embarrassment. How could she be so stupid?

 

Her fate now sealed, she wasted no time in kneeling on the smooth, tiled floor, reaching back to slide the hard glass shaft inside her. She moaned softly as the ridged intruder slipped past her slick lips with almost no resistance. She lowered herself slowly to the floor, holding the dildo steady until she heard a soft clink that told her she was in position. Katie spread her legs a little wider and slowly lowered her body further, not stopping until her fleshy buttocks rested comfortably on the soles of her feet.

The naked schoolgirl moaned again as the next glassy globe was forced inside her. She placed her hands behind her back and slowly straightened her posture, pushing her shoulders back and looking forlornly at the door. Her worries were now over, all she had to do was wait. There was no need for her to do anything but wait obediently for her owner to arrive. Lauren had seen to everything. All Katie had to do was follow orders. The young girl's fear slowly evaporated as she thought of Lauren: how strong she was, how confident and sure of herself, how she looked after her possessions, of which Katie was now one, how pretty she was, how her lithe body moved with an almost feline grace, how her smooth pussy felt under her tongue.

Katie quickly realised her thoughts had reached their inevitable destination. No matter where they started, they always came back to one thing. Her breasts shuddered deliciously as she lowered her buttocks back to the floor. Wait! What the fuck, the young girl yelled silently. She had been gently fucking herself on her dildo as she daydreamed.

Katie paled at the thought. The humiliating discovery that she had actually been fucking her dildo as she thought of Lauren was quickly eclipsed by the sudden fear that flew up her spine like an icy chill. She had been masturbating without permission. Lauren liked that she was a slut, but not when it meant she misbehaved. When she told her owner she would be in trouble, and she had to tell her. This was big and if she kept it to herself, she knew it was like lying and that was wrong. Lauren would know anyway, she just seemed to always know when her slave had done wrong.

Katie vowed to remain still, staring at the shining silver doorknob, willing it to turn. How long had she been here? She realised she had no idea. Her legs were cold from the tiles on which she knelt and she tried to move slightly to alleviate the discomfort in her knees. She felt the unyielding shaft of the dildo move inside her and froze. She did not want those sensations to&nbsp; begin again. Well she did, delicious as they were, but she could not afford to be distracted by them. She needed to focus on being good for her owner, not sating her arousal like some undisciplined slut.

A noise. Katie's eyes widened as she tilted her head to listen. Yes a definite noise, from inside the house. Every instinct screamed at her to move, to find someplace to hide. But there was nowhere for the anxious young girl to go. She stayed perfectly still, her eyes glued to the door in front of her.

More noises. Were those footsteps? A voice? The kitchen was on the other side of the door, that she knew, but she had no idea of the layout of the rest of the house. It had to be Lauren, home from her run. But what if it wasn't? What if it was Lauren's mother? Or her father? Katie paled at the thought of being caught in this position but stayed where she was. No, it had to be her owner and she had to be in position, waiting obediently.

Minutes passed and Katie began to wonder if she had imagined the sounds from inside the house. How long would she have to wait here, naked but for her collar. The shiny metal band that sat around her throat made her feel somehow even more naked and exposed. It was the only tangible evidence that she was the property of another person. Other changes had been made sure, her pussy had been denuded and her hairstyle changed drastically, but her collar was the only thing that she could not escape for even a second, the symbol that she was the possession of another.

She hadn't realised she had been so preoccupied by such thoughts, but she jumped when the door opened in front of her. She heard her dildo scrape against the hard tiles as she moved, feeling the movement deep inside her, and grunted softly as the hard shaft pushed against the delicate folds of her vagina.

Katie smiled, the joy at seeing her owner coursing through her entire body. The discomfort in her legs was forgotten as she looked up at Lauren. Her owner was framed in the doorway, wearing only a pair of pretty rainbow striped panties and a tight black singlet that looked two sizes too small for her. She marvelled at the way the shirt clung to the slim girl's small breasts and longed to run her hands across the soft skin of her belly, exposed between the low cut panties and the small shirt.

She said nothing and moved not a muscle as Lauren watched her, hoping that she would be found pleasing. Her heart ached as she saw the approving smile curl her owner's mouth. Katie longed to see that alluring smile, but knowing it was because of her, knowing that she had made her owner happy, made her want to burst. Her entire body tingled with the pent-up energy that the sight of her owner had generated.

"Hello pussywhistle," Lauren said, kneeling down and gently caressing the outer curve of Katie's left breast.
"Hello Miss."
"Been waiting long?"
"Oh no Miss," she replied as Lauren walked around the kneeling girl.
"Eyes forward Kitty. Straighten up. I think far too much of your mind is spent between your legs, too much time thinking about pleasing yourself and not enough on pleasing those who matter. Do you think that is accurate?"
"Yes Miss," Katie conceded, knowing, much to her dismay, that Lauren was right.
"It's something we will work on Kitty. I suppose it is a little too much to expect from such a slut so early in her training."
"Thank you Miss."
"For what?" Lauren asked, with genuine curiosity.
"Um, for being so understanding with me Miss."

This cute little cunt was a real piece of work, Lauren marvelled as she continued to survey the naked form of her slave. That sentiment had been completely sincere, there was no hyperbole, no humouring of a superior. She really was thankful that her shortcomings were, while not quite forgiven, at least accounted for.

"Well Kitty, let's get you inside," Lauren said stepping to one side to allow Katie access to the house. The young girl waited as Lauren attached a leash to her collar. The heavy-metal butterflies in her belly fluttered and flipped as the delicate chain fell against her breast. The intensity of the sudden emotion was too much for the young girl to process. Her entire body shook in a series of tiny shivers.

What the hell was that, she thought, bewildered by her response. She had felt a pulse in her pussy as the leash was attached but it wasn't just that, she had felt it through her entire body. Her skin tingled and itched as if she had been rolling naked in the grass. She just didn't understand and, right now, she didn&#8217;t really know if she wanted to.

'You'd better clean that little toy first. Can't have you making a mess of my house."

Katie eased herself up slowly, as her owner reached between her legs and slid the dildo from her pussy with a soft slurping sound. The naked schoolgirl moaned as her plump lips relinquished the glass intruder that had seemed to become a part of her as she waited. She kneeled obediently as Lauren brought the dildo to her mouth. Katie licked her cream from the dildo with relish, lapping the thick white smears as her owner twirled the glass shaft so the young girl could reach each and every part of its length.

"Oh my, Kitty. You have made a mess. Hurry up and clean it, you have duties to perform."

Katie turned around as Lauren tugged insistently on the leash, guiding the young girl around in a circle. She saw what her owner had mentioned and blushed at the sight. Her cream had trickled down her dildo and had left a tiny puddle of white on the dark-grey tiles of the laundry. She wasted no time, quickly lowering her face to the floor, her tongue stretching out to lap her sexual ooze. She only succeeded in pushing her cream around the smooth surface and quickly realised what she needed to do. She pursed her lips, pressed them into the tiny puddle and slurped.

Katie felt the familiar heat rise through her chest and neck and upwards into her face. The humiliation the sounds of her cleaning efforts produced did not slow her down. The floor was clean in a matter of moments and she quickly resumed her kneeling position, though now she was facing away from the house.

Lauren gave a short sharp whip of a whistle and walked into the house. Katie followed, spinning herself around as the leash tugged at her collar, crawling into the house behind her owner. The tiles were hard on her knees but she made no sound of complaint, accepting that it was her place and she was where Lauren wanted her to be.

"My parents are away for the weekend Kitty so we have the place to ourselves. So my little slut, what would you like to do first?"

Katie knelt in front of the couch on which Lauren reclined. The leash ran in a gentle curve from the young girl's collar to the hand of her lounging classmate. It was not pulled tight but she felt as safely secured as if restrained with the ropes she knew lurked somewhere in the house. The carpet was kinder to her knees, softer and warmer, and Katie was thankful for the small comfort.

"May I eat your pussy please Miss," Katie asked timidly, hoping she wasn't being too bold, hoping that it was what her owner wanted to here.
"You are a cheeky little slut but an afternoon snack sounds like a good idea. You mustn't be too greedy though Kitty. You must learn to put your owner first. You may kiss my feet."

Katie stifled the urge to correct Lauren. She had been thinking of her. Yes she did want to lick her owner, the thought not causing her the distress it would have done only days ago, but she wanted to do it to bring pleasure to her owner. She was trying really hard to please, knowing it was the only truly important thing in her life now. She put aside these thoughts and leaned down to kiss Lauren's feet. She pushed her soft lips gently against her owner's flesh, knowing how she liked her feet to be kissed. After a few delicate touches she felt a pull on her leash. Katie followed the pressure, kissing the delicate ankle then moving slowly up Lauren's leg as the leash was pulled tighter.

The young girl passed the knee and lingered at the soft flesh of Lauren's thigh, her owner's pussy tantalising close. She darted a glance at the panty-clad mound only inches from her face as she continued to kiss the tender skin of the thigh. She tried her best to focus on her kisses, but her destination was so teasingly close that she longed to just slide a few inches to her left and bring the pleasure to her owner that she knew she deserved. Katie enjoyed the game that she knew Lauren was playing with her. The anticipation made her chest tight, a spreading warmth quickly enveloping the young girl&#8217;s naked body, staving off the gooseflesh that had threatened to appear as the afternoon wore on and the cool air of twilight caressed her bare flesh.

"Panties off Kitty."

Katie reached up, slipped her fingers into the waistband of the colourful underwear and slowly slid them down her owner's sinuous legs. Lauren began the insistent pressure once again, shortening the leash and slowly pulling Katie up her leg, allowing her to rest on her left thigh once again, delighting in the gentle kisses that the young girl bestowed upon the smooth skin of her leg. Lauren increased the pressure on the leash and Katie's belly flipped as she realised her mouth would soon be on her owner's pussy. Just as her pursed lips were about to make contact with Lauren's slim labia, her head was jerked to the side, directed to the other thigh. Katie clenched her hands in frustration, pushing the tight fists into the small of her back.

Her owner's teasing had raised the naked schoolgirl's anticipation to fever pitch. She could smell the object of her desire, she knew how close it was. She longed to close her mouth over Lauren's smooth pussy. She wanted nothing more than to slide her tongue across the soft folds of her owner's tight slit. She wanted to feel the wetness she knew waited for her, she wanted to taste the arousal of her classmate, knowing that she was the reason for it. She knew this meant she was a lesbian, something she had fought against but she no longer cared. A soft whine escaped the young girl's lips as Lauren once again teased her, pulling her close to her sex only to pull her head away at the last minute.

"What do you want?" Lauren asked, looking the panting schoolgirl in the eye as she held her eager face from her pussy.
"Please Miss," said Katie, her answer a breathy, passion-filled whisper, "please may I eat your pussy for you."
"How can I resist something so adorable," replied Lauren, a lascivious smile on her face as she tugged forcefully on the leash and pulled the young girl&#8217;s face onto her sex.

Katie's enthusiasm was matched only by her clumsy inexperience as she licked and sucked the tight teenage pussy of her owner. Despite the homework she had been set, her technique was no more refined than it had been the week before. What she lacked in skill, she made up for in sheer vivacity as she set her mouth to pleasuring her owner.

When she knew more about what she was doing, she would truly amazing, Lauren mused as her desire grew and crested under the attentions of the eager young girl that she owned. She had much training to do, but now was not the time. She had wanted this all week. She had sated her own lust many times, the knowledge that her slave had not, only heightening her own orgasms.

What Katie did to her, how she felt with that young tongue licking and lapping with such fervour, was something on another level entirely. Lauren clenched her hands around the leash, pulling as tight as she could, mashing Katie's face into her crotch as her hips bucked uncontrollably. Lauren's orgasm crashed upon her, a seemingly endless series of ecstasy-filled breakers filling her body until she was near exhaustion. Only when she began to giggle from the unceasing attentions of the young girl, did she release the pressure on the leash.

Katie eased herself back slightly, though continuing to slide her tongue over Lauren's slick labia. She slid her hands behind her back, blushing at the realisation that they had moved during her owner's orgasm. She had been jerked forward, her face crushed mercilessly into the sweet sex and her hands had moved forward, pushing against the edge of the couch to provide her with a little source of control. It had done nothing anyway, she had struggled to breathe, such was Lauren's strength.

She was panting heavily but she was happy, proud that she had provided her owner with such pleasure. She knew from Lauren's light giggling, that she had done her job and smiled to hear the infectious joy in her classmate&#8217;s uncontrollable laughter. She kept her tongue working slowly, lapping in long languid strokes from top to bottom. She could feel her own torrid pussy pulsing between her legs, the heat she produced a scalding pressure that she could just imagine was turning her cream to steam.

"Good girl, Kitty. I think you need some more homework though. A slave seeks always to improve and cuteness and instinct will only get you so far. Tomorrow we will work on your technique. Won't that be fun Kitty, learning to use that slutty little mouth properly?"
"Yes Miss," replied Katie, the happiness she felt at pleasing her owner, not entirely able to be dashed by the admonishment of her lack of skill.
"Go and get your bag and take it to my room. Remove your clothes, hang your blouses and skirts in the space provided and place the rest of your clothes underneath. Open."

Katie opened her mouth for Lauren to insert the handle of her leash. The chain now dangled down between her breasts and banged lightly against her soft globes as she hurried out to the laundry to fetch her bag. She glanced quickly at her owner as she scurried through the lounge on her way upstairs. Lauren had her panties back on and lay back on the couch as if asleep. She looked so beautiful and so peaceful that the young girl almost stopped to watch.

Katie found the small section of Lauren's closet that had been allocated to her and quickly hung up the clothes needed it and placed the rest neatly folded underneath. Lauren had chosen each piece in a long list she had posted to Dressing Kitty. Katie had wondered at some of Lauren's choices but she had no idea what the weekend would hold so she had no right to question.

Her clothes put away, she placed her near-empty bag by the door, more conscious than ever of her nudity. She wore nothing but a collar and leash and handling her own clothes, being so near to Lauren's, made her feel incredibly vulnerable at not being allowed even the most meagre of coverings. She hurried back downstairs, wanting to be back by her owner's side, but also not wanting to dwell on such maudlin thoughts. She had tried to completely banish certain words from her mind, but every now and then one crept back in. Nothing that happened to her was unfair. What happened to her was what Lauren desired, which meant it was what she deserved. If she was not allowed clothing, it was just the way it was. Accepting it was all she could do.

"Fetch me a drink of water," Lauren commanded, once Katie had stood to attention beside the couch.
"Yes Miss," Katie replied around the leash in her mouth.
"Simple commands do not require you to open your mouth Kitty."
"Sorry Miss."
"Why are you still here?"

Katie scurried from the room, her emotions now in turmoil. She had done well, she had thought, bringing Lauren to orgasm so quickly. She knew she had a lot to learn but she had really tried and she knew Lauren had been happy with her. Had she somehow fucked up since then, or was this just part of being owned.

"Wrong glass, Kitty. When I want a drink of water, you are to fill a tall clear glass with cold water from the jug in the fridge."

Katie frowned, but turned back to the kitchen and searched for the type of glass Lauren had described. She soon found what she thought was right, a slim glass, tall and clear. She tipped the other water into the sink and filled the new glass afresh. The naked schoolgirl was quickly back in the lounge, stood by the couch and waited for her owner to acknowledge her. She held the glass in her right hand and kept her left behind her back in an attempt to stay as much in position as she could. Lauren was reading a magazine and had not even looked glanced at her. It was at least two minutes before her owner deigned to look her way.

"Kitty, from now on when you bring something to me you will kneel before presenting it to me."

Katie sank to her knees as gracefully as she could with the glass in one hand and the chain leash bobbing against the soft curves of her chest. Lauren looked her over, appraising her body and the position she had adopted. Katie felt the gaze like a physical force, the ethereal blue eyes of her owner piercing through her defences and laying bare her very soul. She wanted to look away, to lower her eyes for just a second, but she could not. She was held, mesmerised by the power of her classmate, captivated by the very sight of her. She felt tiny and insignificant, desperately wanting to do right, but knowing that she could not. The very thought of failing Lauren made her chest tighten in despair, but knowing that she had disappointed her owner, caused small, salty tears to well in the young girl's eyes.

Lauren accepted the offered drink, swallowing a mouthful before handing it back to the waiting teenager. So Katie was also to act as the table, holding her owner's drink until she required it. The thought made her belly flutter and she wondered again, just what it meant.

"Kitty, are you hungry?"
"Yes Miss," the kneeling girl replied, sure that this would lead to her mouth being used for something other than food.
"Third shelf in the pantry there are some crackers. Get them. Leave the glass on the coaster." Katie did as she was told and returned in moments with the small box of crackers.
"Get a plate Kitty, you aren't going to eat them straight from the box."

A little frustrated with the constant series of orders sending her back and forth to the kitchen, Katie located a small side-plate and returned, kneeling down next to the couch once more. She held out the plate, unsure of her next move, waiting for Lauren to tell her what to do.

"Put the plate down. I don't want it. It's for you. Take out five crackers and place them on the plate. Close the packet, Kitty. Do you want them to go stale?" Lauren said, a hint of exasperation creeping into her voice, causing Katie to cringe.

As Katie finished with the box of crackers, Lauren reached out and retrieved the handle of the leash, curling it around her body, securing the naked schoolgirl but leaving her hands free. Katie was glad to have the leash out of her mouth but the strange sensation in her belly did not leave her. The very act of being leashed affected her deeply.

"Your pussy is a bit of a mess Kitty. Look at how creamy you are and no one has even touched you. Clean your pussy with your crackers. I want that cunt nice and clean. Pick up the glass Kitty, don't be so lazy. You are here to serve."

Katie obediently picked up the glass and held it in her right hand, within easy reach should her owner want a drink. Even while demeaning herself by cleaning and eating the discharge from her sex, she must still serve: that was why she was here. The rapid fire commands had left the young girl reeling, her mind and body now on edge, expecting at any moment yet another snapped instruction. She had a sudden sinking sensation, brought on by thoughts of failure and she was desperate to arrest the dismal descent in any way she could.

She held the glass steady and picked up the first of the dry crackers and scraped it's curved edge along her wet vulva. The small, round cracker came away, liberally smeared with the clumpy white discharge produced so copiously by the aroused teen. Katie looked at Lauren and bit the cracker in half as her owner watched intently. Her cream had moistened the dry biscuit and provided the bland food with a flavour she enjoyed. She still wasn't completely sure that enjoying the taste of your own pussy wasn't an inherently bad thing. It's not like she had any choice: she enjoyed the taste and that was it but she couldn't help that niggling feeling that slunk around in the back of her mind every time she did so.

Katie continued the process until all the crackers were gone from the plate. She had scraped her pussy and thighs clean of her cream but she knew it was only a temporary fix. She had not come for so long. She knew she was a slut, but the fact that she had remained aroused, unable to sate her overwhelming desire had meant she had continued to cream. She wanted to come so badly. Her pussy had throbbed with an almost painful ache as she had pleasured her owner and it was not much better now. Being so close to Lauren, being able to drink in the sight of her owner lying on the couch, wearing almost nothing, the panties and singlet tantalising her by covering the most delectable parts of the pretty teenager.

Katie had run her eyes across Lauren's taut body as she ate the crackers spread with the juice from her own pussy. She couldn't help herself. Every moment they had spent apart had left the young girl yearning for this very closeness. Now that she had been rewarded, finally, she found herself unable to resist the lure of her owner's body.

"I think two more should do it Kitty. Go and wash your hands first, you're not putting those filthy little paws back in that box."

Katie coloured at the command and lowered her eyes in shame. She had been eating the ooze from her own vagina, devouring it eagerly like the slut she was, but Lauren was right to make her wash her hands. No one else wanted to be exposed to her wanton ways.

"Open," Lauren commanded as she placed the handle of the leash back into the waiting girl's mouth. "When you are leashed and you need to leave my side, you always open your mouth and wait obediently. And don't put any teethmarks into that strap. You mark my property, I mark you."

With that warning, Katie scampered into the kitchen to wash her hands, knowing that it was right but feeling dirty at the same time. She quickly returned to the lounge, offered the leash to her owner and removed two more crackers from the box.

"The water is no longer cold. Refill the glass," ordered Lauren.

Katie knew she shouldn't be feeling frustrated but Lauren was running her ragged, barely letting her settle before sending her on another errand. She wasn't sure if she was doing it on purpose, just to tease her, or if this was just how it was for a slave. Her owner's wants and needs were what was important, she needed to remember that. As long as Lauren was happy she should be satisfied. Once she was back, the naked teen made short work of the last two crackers, scraping up the last of her visible cream as she held Lauren's water. Katie was a little bewildered by the whole experience, but she tried to just focus on being obedient as she knew that was the way to Lauren's heart.

"Pussy clean?"
"I think so Miss."
"Yes well, that will do for now. You like your leash don't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, a little non-commitally.
"I can already see a little spot of cream again, you little slut. The leash suits you and your body definitely responds. We might go for a walk tomorrow. Would you like that Kitty, to be walked by your owner?"
"Um, yes Miss," Katie replied, a tingling thrill shooting up into her chest at the thought. She blushed at her response. The idea of being walked on a leash in public, like a household pet, both excited and frightened her. She could no longer even trust her own emotions. If she felt this way about something she knew was so obviously wrong, her judgement could no longer be relied upon.
"Ok Kitty, no complaining now, that leash has to come off. You have exercises to do. Over there at the end of the coffee table."

Katie waited as Lauren removed her leash before placing the half-empty glass of water on the table. Her restraint now gone, she threw herself into her exercises, wanting to impress Lauren with how she had improved. Her mind was focused intently between her legs as she counted out the 'creamy pussys' of her first set. Lauren had known what she was right from the start, long before Katie had realised it.

She thought of the slut cream that, even now, slowly leaked between her plump labia. Everything she seemed to do or say or think came, inevitably, back to her pussy. She had become obsessed by it, addicted to it. She tried, but she could not ignore the sensations that flooded her body, all originating in that wet, pink cleft below her belly.

"Kitty wants to please," Katie said, louder than she had all week. She had always tried to be quiet, afraid of being overheard while at home, and the opportunity to say it as loud as she pleased was liberating.
"Kitty, for every second count you will say 'Kitty wants to serve'."
"Yes Miss," Katie panted as she struggled to raise her body from the floor. "Kitty wants to serve."

A tiny squeak escaped her open mouth as she recited her new mantra for the first time. Seriously, what was happening to her? How could she feel such things, such intense, strange emotions, from mere words. She completed her exercises and stood at attention, breathless and sweaty yet exhilarated by what she had said and done.

Her fitness had improved, that was clear, but her routine was still a strenuous one. She hoped Lauren had watched her. She hoped her owner had been impressed by her commitment and obedience. Lauren's opinion was the only one that mattered to the young girl. She would do almost anything to gain her owner's approval.

She watched her now, seeking that gentle smile that would let her know she had done well. She didn't quite know what it meant to yearn so badly to be acknowledged. Who she was and what she wanted hinged so deeply on Lauren that Katie sometimes felt as if she was no longer a person in her own right. She did belong to Lauren now. She knew there were times when she questioned it, but right now she knew accepted she was a possession. She accepted it and did not want it to be any other way.

"You really should warm down a little Kitty. You have been a diligent little slut and I can see your fitness increasing. I'm very proud of you."

Katie became lightheaded at her owner's praise. That was all she wanted and it meant everything to hear those words. She could feel her heart almost stop beating as the intensity of the emotion almost overwhelmed her. A tiny tear formed in her eye but she blinked it away, not wanting Lauren to think she was silly.

"From now on with the time you have after your exercises you will prance slowly to help your body warm down. Knee up now, up to your hip. Keep your leg straight, toes pointed. Slowly Kitty, you're not going anywhere. You're supposed to be slowing your body down. Slowly, that's better. Head up, shoulders back. Posture Kitty, always remember your posture. A lazy body is evidence of a lazy mind."

Katie brought her leg high, slowly, until her knee reached her hip. She tried to keep everything straight, her leg forming a perfect right angle as it reached the apex of each step. She focused on her balance and her posture but knew, as she did so, exactly what she looked like as she pranced for her owner. She could feel her plump lips slide against each other as she stepped each leg high. The sensation of her slick labia rubbing against the smooth skin of her thigh, imparting a smear of her cream with each step, made her blush. She instantly became frustrated at the way her body behaved. Lauren never blushed at the things they did, why must she?

"How's that cunt of mine?"
"Wet Miss. It is very wet and creamy and it aches a little."
"Why Kitty, what have you been doing to it?"
"Nothing Miss, only what you told me to Miss, really. Only what I am allowed. It's just..."
"Yes," Lauren prompted when Katie fell silent, knowing the answer that the young prancing girl was hesitant to give.
"Miss, it's... I, um. I really need to come Miss. I'm not asking Miss, really, it's just that I really need to."
"I understand Kitty. A slut like you always wants to come. That's irrelevant. The only thing that matters is if you deserve to come. Do you think you deserve to come?"
"Um, I don't know. I have tried to be a good girl Miss, but I... If you think so Miss."
"We'll see Kitty. Go and get the phone."

Katie scurried out of the lounge at the sudden command, returning quickly and waiting obediently while Lauren ordered pizza. Katie remembered the last time she had eaten pizza and she hoped this time, she might be allowed more than the one, cool slice. She had to serve her owner first of course, but if she did well she might be rewarded.

"Right Kitty, we have twenty minutes, plenty of time for you to practice."

Katie watched as Lauren stood up and slid her panties down her legs. She couldn&#8217;t help but stare at the beautiful, tight pussy of her owner. Before becoming Lauren's property, she had never even thought about being a lesbian. Now, though, she had no doubt. You couldn't be so enchanted by the female form if you weren't a lesbian.

Lauren leaned back on the couch, legs spread, and gently tapped her smooth pussy. Katie obeyed the unspoken command, knelt down between her owner's thighs and immediately began lapping the bare mound.

"Slowly Kitty. When you eat a pussy you must remember that it is not for your pleasure that you perform. You are a slut, the pleasure you get from licking a pussy is a given. Now slow. Long and sensual, from top to bottom. No Kitty, don't dip inside, cheeky monkey. Now keep that up, nice and slow."

Katie lapped Lauren's slim labia with long, languid strokes of her tongue. She gently pushed the outer lips apart, feeling the delicate inner lips brush across her scalding tongue. The young girl tried to keep her movements slow as she had been told, knowing that her natural tendency was to go faster and deeper. She was learning, and that was good.

Katie continued to lick Lauren's pussy, the soft wet sounds of tongue on sex filling her ears. She could taste her owner's subtle scent and knew that the moisture that coated her lips and chin was only partly from her own mouth. The kneeling schoolgirl kept her tongue working diligently, waiting patiently for Lauren to instruct her further. She desperately wanted to reach out and caress the taut, toned thighs that framed her face, but she kept her hands obediently behind her back, her own frustrations meaning nothing in the grand scheme of her subservience.

"Good girl. You need to learn patience Kitty. What you are doing will never give me an orgasm but that is not always the goal. A slave must learn to please in every way she can. When we have more time, I will have you down there for hours and you must never be boring. A slave that bores her owner is one that yearns for punishment."

Katie listened to her owner speak, no longer tuning out the 'lecture mode' that she now knew was so important. She was disappointed that she had ever tried not to listen to what her owner had to say and she regretted each moment she had done so. Her tongue never stopped moving, even as her mind followed its own flight of fancy.

"Ok Kitty, inside now. Make that tongue a little slut spear and fuck me."

Katie instantly did as she was told, hardening her tongue into a long fleshy dagger. Her face thrust back and forth, tongue sliding into her owner's intimate opening. Lauren watched the teenager's nodding head and tried to stay objective. This was a training session and she was to evaluate her slave's technique. She steeled herself against the growing pleasure between her legs and focused instead on the sensation and execution.

"Faster. Now slow down. Good girl. Now get that tongue right up in there, show me how much you want to taste the source of my juice. Swirl it around, reach every surface, clean my pussy. Ah that's right, just like that Kitty."

Lauren squirmed on the couch as Katie's tongue swirled and wriggled inside her slick pink slit. The little slut followed instructions adroitly, instantly rising to each new challenge, her enthusiasm and need to obey finally complemented by technique to provide an experience that left Lauren gasping, her resolve all but dissolved.

"Enough. Clit now Kitty," Lauren instructed, tapping the top of her pussy with two fingers, showing the young girl the way.

Katie withdrew her tongue and gratefully moved up to Lauren's tight pink button. Her tongue and jaw had started to get a little tired from the previous activity, a dull ache setting in deep in the muscles of her jaw. She could have licked pussy for hours, gently running her tongue along Lauren's slim lips, but she could not have kept up the strenuous tongue-fucking for much longer. Extending her tongue so far for so long was not an easy thing. She had never known there were so many different ways to tend to a pussy and she suspected that Lauren had only shown her the very surface. The idea that there was so much more to learn, and that she would be learning on the beautiful, sweet sex before her, sent a gentle thrill through her young body.

"Just the tip, slut. Push back the hood, that's right. Just the tip."

Katie licked her lips before once again pushing her tongue forth to pleasure her classmate.&nbsp; She wanted to mash her tongue against the smooth sex, she needed to close her mouth over Lauren's pussy and take those tight, slippery labia into her mouth, but she obeyed her owner's commands and limited herself to just the tip of her tongue. It was difficult but she had to remember that this wasn't for her, what she wanted didn't matter, not to her, not to her owner.

Katie knew she deserved this. Serving another person was what she deserved. She was able to see, now, that she had wasted her life before, not really knowing what to do or what she was.&nbsp; Lauren had seen something in her that she had not even been aware of. What she had done, the reason she was now the property of another was just a symptom of her waywardness. She deserved this for what she had done and for what she had not done.

"I think that's our pizza, Kitty," Lauren said breathily as her clit was teased by Katie's eager tongue. "You can't go to the door like that."

Katie's tongue continued to flick her owner's tender button, not having received any orders to stop, but she breathed a sigh of relief that she would finally be clothed. She knew Lauren would not have made her pay for the pizza naked but then again, she really didn't know anything about what Lauren would have her do. She realised that she really had no idea what she could be made to do. Were there limits?

'Hurry upstairs and put on your red panties and black singlet," Lauren commanded, pushing Katie's head away from her pussy.

The young girl did as she was told, her mind reeling as she left Lauren languishing on the lounge. Yes, she was being allowed clothes, but only barely. Answering the door in panties was not something she had ever considered. The singlet was not much better. It was a tiny, tight garment that ended well above her bellybutton, the thin spaghetti straps providing only the barest coverage possible.

As she picked up the tiny red panties, the memory of the stomach-wrenching humiliation she had felt two days before came flooding back. That moment, when she had entered her room after school on Wednesday, when she had seen her bedpost empty, the panties she had forgotten to move, gone, came back with full force. The memory was so vivid it was as if she was reliving it once again.

She didn't have time for this, Lauren was waiting, the pizza-guy was waiting. Once again she had no time. She slid the small red panties up her legs, seating them snugly against her plump mound. As soon as she had pulled the singlet over her breasts she hurried back downstairs to stand at attention before her waiting owner. Her breasts bounced with each hurried step, the tight garment providing almost no support. Her pert, firm flesh needed little support but the small singlet did nothing but cover the soft mounds.

 

Lauren slid a folded twenty dollar bill into the waistband of the waiting teen's panties. Katie felt the note scratch the soft skin of her mons and blushed as she realised what she was about to do.

"This guy won't need any tip, Kitty. Seeing that little slut body is tip enough. When you take the change, it can go back into your panties. Now remember to be polite and thank him. And Kitty, remember to find out his name."

Katie jumped at the sudden knock on the door. She was really going to do this. She was going to answer the door in her underwear, with money in her panties as if she was a stripper. And she had to be polite and respectful, always respectful. She hesitated briefly but she knew Lauren was watching her and she could not be bad now. She had been good tonight, of that she was sure and if she stayed on her best behaviour she might be allowed to come. She knew she shouldn't be thinking like that, because it was a little selfish, but she couldn't help it. Even now, as she was about to humiliate herself, her pussy remained near the front of her thoughts.

The anxious schoolgirl hesitated once more as her hand rested on the doorknob. She could see the delivery-guy's blurry form through the frosted glass pane in the middle of the door. This was it. She felt the familiar flush of heat into her cheeks even before she opened the door.

The young man waiting on her doorstep almost fell over when he saw Katie's scantily-clad form, his eyes widening, the pizza in his hands forgotten. The fuck? He wanted to look around to find the hidden camera, his first thought being that this could not be real, but his eyes would not cooperate.

"Hello Sir," Katie began, her nervousness causing her words to come out in a shy squeak.
"Um hey. Pizza?"
"Yes, thank you. I'm Kitty," the anxious teen replied, her voice stronger now but the humiliation she felt at her exposure giving her demeanour a coquettish air.
"Nick," he responded distractedly. Katie could see his eyes dart around her body. He was doing his best to stay focused on her face but it was a battle he was losing. Each time his eyes rested on the tiny red panties she wore, the burn in her cheeks deepened. She wasn't stupid enough to think that he was looking at the money. It was the tight mound of her pussy that drew his attention, her plump lips cupped so prettily by the tight vermillion material.

"Uh, one pepperoni pizza," Nick finally managed, remembering why he was here. The sight of the gorgeous young girl, barely dressed, had driven everything else from his mind. He thought of his girlfriend fleetingly, the tight young body almost entirely exposed before him, putting his girl's to shame.
"Thank you very much," the quivering teen replied, delicately sliding the folded note from her panties. Her nipples had hardened as the cool evening air caressed her bare flesh. Great, she thought, as if he needed yet another part of her to stare at.

Nick absently took the money from her hand, his gaze lingering on the smooth red mound between her legs. He was having trouble processing exactly what was happening, more so than the young, half-naked girl that stood on the threshold of a house he would remember for a very long time. Katie was familiar with the humiliation that filled her, though she could never become accustomed to it. She took the pizza from him with one hand and waited while he dug the change from the small bag at his waist. She could see his reluctance to look away even for a minute, but guessed it was even more important to provide the right change. Katie knew all amount margin now, having had Mrs Farrell teach her more about retail and profit on her second shift at the store.

She took the change with a trembling hand and pushed it past the waistband of her panties. The coins felt cool against her skin and she fought back a grimace as a dime slid down to rest against her clit. The hard, cool metal felt amazing against the blazingly hot button and a shiver ran up her spine at the sensation.

"Thank you very much, Nick."
"Yeah, uh, yeah thanks."

He looked her young body over one more time before turning slowly and heading down the front path. Katie knew she had to wait until he left, but forced to stand there, her body on display, until he was ready to stop enjoying what she offered had made her keenly aware of the degrading position she put herself in. She closed the door, leaning against the heavy panel and breathing an audible sigh of relief that the ordeal was finally over. Who could ever have thought that buying pizza could be such a trial? She headed into the lounge room with the pizza, eager to be back with Lauren, the safety and comfort she felt from simply being in her presence made her knees go weak.

"In the kitchen, Kitty. One slice each on two plates. I will have a beer, Corona with a wedge of lime. You will have water. Don't dawdle."

Katie left and completed Lauren's instructions. She felt the coins in her panties shift as she walked and hoped that Lauren would allow her to remove them before too long. With each movement they slid further down, closing in on the damp snatch that would snare the tiny metal coins. She knew if they reached that area they would soon be coated white, and she did not want to have Lauren comment on her messing the money.

She took much longer than she knew she should, but finding the tool to take the lid off the beer and trying to figure out how to cut a lime wedge the right size to fit into the neck of the bottle were new things for the inexperienced teen. She told herself that it was good that she was learning the things that her owner liked. She would be much better, much faster, next time. Finally she had everything ready and headed back into the lounge with Lauren's pizza and beer.

"What'd you do? Brew the beer first?"
"Sorry Miss, I cou... Sorry," Katie replied, deciding that her excuses meant nothing. She would simply need to do better.
"You may get yours now and hurry back. I've got True Blood all ready. You haven't seen it have you Kitty?"
"No Miss."
"I can't watch it when my parents are home, you'll see why. They think Twilight is the kind of stuff I like, it's why I have that poster up, dummies."

Katie enjoyed the pizza she was allowed, overjoyed when she was given permission for a second slice, knowing it meant she had been a good girl. She enjoyed the show Lauren had introduced her to, she hadn't known there shows like this on TV. Most of all though, she enjoyed just being with her owner. She sat on the floor in front of Lauren and lost herself in the moment.

The occasional caress from her owner sent thrill's through her young body. A gentle pat on her head, a soft touch on her neck, and she was happier than she had ever been. Katie was amazed at how she felt. She couldn't believe the strength of the emotions that rocked her. She didn't know it could be like this. This was something more than friendship, wasn't it? She had to admit that she had probably never really felt that true, deep friendship that she noticed and envied in others. Was this what it was like, or was it something else?

They watched two episodes of the supernatural show, time passing so quickly for the young girl. She was amazed by the raunchy action, the brilliant characters and the budding romance for which she felt such a natural affinity. Katie could have sat there all night but her owner had other ideas.

"Clear the dishes Kitty."

Katie obeyed without a second thought, happy to serve Lauren, eager to obey, knowing that it meant she could spend more time with her pretty classmate. She wasted no time in washing the plates and glass she had used. Katie wondered what beer tasted like. Katie had opened a second bottle for her owner and had been much quicker and had felt happy at her improvement. Learning these things about Lauren made her feel special. These were the little things friends knew about each other but she was learning more, being able to provide Lauren with the things she wanted was even better than friendship. The receptive schoolgirl knew it had to be from the way she felt as she served her owner.

Katie heard music from the lounge as she washed the dishes. It was a fast guitar driven song that she didn't know but that wasn't surprising. Lauren had told her she knew almost nothing about the world and Katie knew it was true. She had learnt more in the last two weeks than she could ever have imagined, especially about herself.&nbsp; Not all of it had been pleasant to learn, but she wasn't that person anymore. No matter what happened, she would never be that person again.

When she came back to the lounge, Katie stopped in the doorway and stared. Lauren was dancing in the centre of the room, her tight, toned body moving when a sensuous grace. She was dressed only in panties and the small halter top, the tiny garments allowing the young girl to see the play of her muscles under her classmate's smooth skin. Katie was frozen in place, captivated by the lithe movements of her owner.

Lauren turned around and noticed her audience. Katie's knees turned to jelly at the smile that lit up Lauren's face, her eyes shining as if they radiated their own pale blue light. The mesmerised teen stepped forward hesitantly as Lauren beckoned to her with a sensual movement of one crooked finger.

Lauren put down her beer and took Katie's hands. She drew them back and placed them gently on her hips. The touch of her owner's warm flesh, sent a thrill up Katie's spine. She couldn't believe how wonderful the porcelain-smooth skin that covered the girl's hipbone felt under her hands. The already panting teen drew her breath in short gasps as Lauren's hands came together behind her neck, causing the hard metal band that encircled her throat to slide across her skin.

Lauren continued to dance, leading her dazed slave through a series of increasingly lascivious moves. Their bodies had almost come together when the song changed. Katie knew this one. It was one of the few songs Lauren had allowed her to keep on her iPod. It was the only Fifty Cent song she knew and she had often danced to it in the privacy of her own room.

Both girls reacted instinctively to the familiar beat, their barely clothed bodies swaying and bouncing in time to the infectious song. Before long Katie found herself grinding her hips into Lauren's, the smooth panty-clad buttocks rubbing sensuously against the thighs of her owner. Lauren's legs parted to allow her in, flesh sliding across flesh.

Before the song had ended, Katie found herself in the arms of her owner, her full breasts pushing against the small budding bosom of her classmate's chest. With a twinkle in her eye, Lauren grabbed the bottom of Katie's singlet and in one swift motion lifted it above her head, freeing the soft round mounds that bounced so beautifully once their meagre support had been removed.

Katie enjoyed the sensation and twirled seductively, showing her body to her owner, knowing that was what she wanted. For the first time she did not blush as her nudity was revealed, though she was too caught in the moment to notice. She dropped to a squat and slowly rose to her feet, rubbing her bared breasts against Lauren's body as she ascended. Her nipples were hard and the feeling as they brushed against the hot skin of her owner's hard body made her shiver in delight.

Katie loved to dance, she had been doing it for as long as she could remember, but always alone and always in her room, the door closed so no one could see. It had always been something so private. Now here she was, dancing with another girl, near naked and loving every minute, every movement, every sensual touch. This was better than anything she had dreamed of. This was what dancing was for.

As the song ended, Lauren caught Katie's face in her hands and kissed her, hard and deep. The breathless teen responded, her tongue darting forth to begin a lusty dance of its own. For some reason her hands were not on the body of her owner, instead they rested in the small of her back, her fingers rubbing the smooth material of the panties that covered her tight, teenage ass.

Katie did not notice her choice of posture but Lauren did, an intense pulse forming deep inside her, flowing down the moist pink channel and bursting between her moist lips like a tidal wave of pure pleasure. The little slut was standing at attention while she kissed her, passionately. Well, not quite at attention, her hips were grinding forward, pushing her panty clad pussy against Lauren's leg.

Lauren could feel the coins beneath the thin layer of material, and almost laughed. She had completely forgotten about the change from the pizza. It had sat in the young girl's panties for hours, slowly moving down to her crotch. No doubt it was covered in cream by now. This she had to see.

"Slide your panties down, Kitty. Nice and slow. You've been hanging on to my money haven't you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied breathlessly, wanting nothing more than to keep dancing with her owner, but a little bewildered by the sudden change of topic.

Katie slid her thumbs under the waistband of the tiny red panties and slowly slipped them down over her full buttocks. She was careful to keep the crotch of her panties flat to prevent the money from falling to the floor. She risked a glance once they were halfway down her thighs and blushed at what she saw.

The material was soaked, a thick coating of white pussy-cream covering the material from side to side. Right in the centre were three small coins, completely coated in her ooze. The folded note sat at the top of the mess, caught in the sticky discharge as if it was glue. Katie knew she shouldn't feel bad about what her pussy produced, she had already been over this, she was a slut and Lauren approved, but she couldn't help feeling self-conscious about it anyway.

"My, my Kitty. You have been busy. Clean my money and put it on the kitchen counter."

Katie reached out and tentatively plucked the first of the coins from amidst the sea of clumpy white slime. The small metal circle slid between her fingers and she had to try twice before she managed to remove it. A small string of cream clung to the coin and her fingers as she drew the quarter upwards, as if her discharge was reluctant to relinquish its treasure.

The blushing schoolgirl popped the coin in her mouth and immediately moved back for the others, quickly slipping them into her mouth, where her tongue slid over and around the small metal objects. The intense taste of her pussy was cut through with the sharp tang of metal, but she found it an oddly pleasing combination of flavours.

She spat the coins out into her hand and quickly licked the note clean. She wasn't sure what she should do, and Lauren gave her no cue so she turned about and waddled into the kitchen, her legs wide in an attempt to keep her panties from falling down. It was a humiliating pose to adopt but it was all she could think of to do.

"And what will she do with Thursday's rags, when Monday comes around."

Katie looked at her owner as she waddled back into the lounge. Her voice was low, the sonorous sounds, round and Germanic. Lauren had been near pitch perfect with the slow, hypnotic voice of the singer and Katie started to giggle at her owner's performance, despite the demeaning position she was in. She couldn't help herself, the giggling fit took her and there was nothing she could do.

"A blackened shroud, a hand-me-down gown."

Katie's giggles continued at the sombre tones and serious face Lauren adopted as she sang the strange song. She tried to stifle her laugh, but as Lauren advanced slowly, her movements exaggerated and in time to the dirge-like beat of the music, she could not stop. Lauren stalked towards her slave, slow, solemn and sensual. 

Katie thought for the briefest of moments that she might be in trouble, she was laughing at her owner after all. But the look on Lauren's face, the mischevious twinkle in her beautiful eyes reassured her. Lauren kissed the young girl, her lips still twitching as the last of her giggles subsided.

"Now your panties, Kitty. Then you can take them off and put them on the floor by the couch."

In moments the soaked underwear was in her mouth, her tongue slurping the cream-covered crotch as clean as she could. She continued to suck, her tongue sliding through the slime from her sex as Lauren sat back on the couch and drank the last of her beer.

"Time for you to taste my beer," Lauren instructed as Katie gently placed the neatly folded garment on the floor. "No Kitty, with your other lips."

Katie lowered the bottle, that now contained only the lime wedge and a dribble of yellow liquid. She blushed as she realised she should have known what she was being told to do. Lauren was still smiling though, the wickedly girlish smile curling her mouth so prettily, so her stupidity at least hadn't had any effect on her owner's mood, only hers.

"Up on the table. Put the bottle down. There you go."

Katie crawled up on the wooden table and placed the tall beer bottle on the table beneath her. She squatted over the clear glass container and slowly lowered her body. A soft moan escaped her as the smooth glass slid effortlessly past her lips. The long neck continued inside her as she eased hers body lower and lower, until she felt her plump labia push against the widening shaft.

The heat radiated from her crimson cheeks as she looked her owner in the eye, aware of the sight she presented. Lauren smiled sweetly and Katie knew what was expected. The squatting schoolgirl began to pump her body up and down on the long, slick shaft. Her breathing becoming ragged as she fucked herself on the tall Corona bottle.

Her thighs began to ache but all she could think of was the rising tide of ecstasy between her legs. She could not look away from Lauren, captivated by those pale blue eyes, as she thrust her pussy on the bottle in a slowly increasing rhythm. She tried to keep her hands behind her back but her balance suffered.

"Kneel Kitty, legs wider, there you go. See, a slut like you hardly needs any direction. Your body knows what to do, you just need a little discipline to keep your posture correct."

Katie continued to fuck the bottle, her weight now resting on her knees, her hands able to sit comfortably behind her. She knew what Lauren was talking about. The moment her knees had rested on the table-top, she had immediately thrust her pussy back onto the bottle, the long smooth shaft sliding into her creamy cunt with a soft, wet sound. The music had stopped now and all she could hear were the slurping, squelching sounds from below.

She could feel the trickles of sweat run down her back as she pumped herself up and down in a ceaseless rhythm. Her body felt fevered as her arousal continued to rise and rise. This was better than her scheduled pussyplay, it was more intense, each thrust of the smooth bottle inside her sending short waves of ecstasy flooding through her flesh. The simple presence of her owner heightened the sensation and Katie gasped with each ragged breath, sure that Lauren could see deep inside her, to the very bottom of the well from which sprang her near uncontrollable lust.

"Kitty, are you watching?"
"Yes... Miss," Katie replied between hot, lust-filled breaths.
"When you see my hand like this, you are to present your pussy."

Katie looked as her owner leaned her elbow on the arm of the couch and held her hand out, palm up, fingers curved very slightly back. Lauren looked so beautiful, relaxed and barely dressed, that wicked, mischevious smile lighting up her face.

"Do you want a spanking Kitty?"
"No Miss, sorry," the young girl said, raising herself off the beer bottle, blushing at the wet sound as the rounded mouth of the bottle slipped from her pussy. She was a little unsure what she was to do, but advanced slowly towards her owner on weak, trembling legs.

"You present your pussy Kitty. That means you rest that fat cunt on my hand."

Katie straddled the upturned hand and slowly lowered her body until she felt the warm touch of her owner's palm as it cupped her plump labia, slick with the cream of her arousal. She trembled at the touch, overwhelmed by the emotions that flowed through her. Her knees went weak and she pushed her dripping sex harder onto Lauren's fingers overcome by the mere touch of her classmate. Katie knew she had almost come as her pussy rested against Lauren's waiting hand. Her entire body quivered as Lauren's middle finger moved gently, the very tip slipping just inside her sex. With the barest of movements, Lauren teased the opening of the young girl's pussy, smiling knowingly at the squelching sound as a gentle suction was created at the entrance to the schoolgirl's moist pink passage.

"Every time Kitty, no matter the time, no matter the place. This is the signal for you to present your pussy, just as you have done."
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, a small uneasy sensation gripping her even as her body continued to be wracked with intense feelings of pleasure from the attentions of Lauren's fingers.
"Time to calm this storm," Lauren announced, patting her property's plump sex. "First you must clean your mess. Bottle and table."

Katie felt a jolt of excitement shock her from her lust-induced lethargy at Lauren's words. It hadn't been expressly said, but had Lauren meant that she was to be allowed to come? She scurried back to the table, able to think of little else.

The empty Corona sat in the middle of the dark wooden table, the clear glass neck smeared liberally with her cream. The sticky ooze from her sex had run down the sides of the bottle and lay puddled in a ring at its base. Katie delicately collected the slimy bottle, and hurriedly cleaned it, licking and lapping eagerly, savouring her sex, a taste that was more familiar to her now than most others.

In moments the bottle was clean and the young girl proceeded to the table, sucking up the small, sticky puddle of cuntcream. She knew she shouldn't be affected any longer, but she still blushed at what she was doing. Knowing you were a slut didn't really make it easier to accept at a time like this.

"There's a little left in there Kitty. Waste not want not."

Katie looked into the bottle and saw what her owner was talking about. At the bottom of the bottle lay the thin wedge of lime she had so inexpertly cut, lying in a thin layer of murky liquid. The juices of her arousal had slipped inside the bottle as the rounded mouth scraped the delicate folds of her vagina as she had so obediently fucked the bottle for the pleasure of her owner. The slimy white cream had mixed with the dregs of the beer to produce a cloudy, frothy substance that swirled around the lime wedge.

She had no idea what this would taste like but she felt a strange moment of trepidation as she brought the bottle to her lips. She had consumed her own cream on a daily basis, having only moments before slurped up a generous puddle of the ooze from the smooth surface of the coffee table, and yet here she was, apprehensive about drinking it from a bottle.

There wasn't much there, barely a mouthful but a sudden flush of humiliation made her pause. She looked from the Corona to Lauren and instantly lifted the bottle to her mouth, upending the murky contents in one swift movement. The look on her owner's face had frightened her, the disapproval she had read there causing a sinking feeling in the pit of her belly. The pout that had spurred Katie into action had been that of a young girl, spoilt and used to getting her own way. It made Katie feel so much closer to Lauren, making her realise that her owner was just a girl as well.

Katie grimaced at the unpleasant taste. She could make out the hint of lime, and the familiar musk of her sex was present but it was all overshadowed by a bitter tang that tainted the whole and made the mix an unenjoyable sensation as it slid slowly down her throat. The moment she swallowed, Lauren got up from the couch and attached the leash to her collar.

Katie followed obediently as she was led into the kitchen, where she deposited the now empty bottle, and then up to her owner's bedroom. Lauren had her crawl on all fours as they ascended the stairs, the degrading position sending a gentle thrill through her young body. She was so very tightly wound now, after a week of near-constant arousal, a night of further, intense teasing, all topped by the anticipation of her impending orgasm, that she was sure she would find almost anything exciting.&nbsp; She could think of nothing else but her creamy pussy.

When they reached Lauren's room, Katie was pulled up by her leash and kissed passionately. Just as she was reaching for her classmate, she was thrown across the room, landing clumsily on the bed. Lauren had half-pushed, half-tossed the young girl and Katie was again surprised by the strength in her owner's petite young body.

She scrambled backwards as Lauren stalked towards her, casually dropping the leash, her hungry, predatory eyes never once leaving the body of her possession. Katie's breath caught in her throat at the sight, her owner's feline grace and primal sensuality captivating her into complete stillness. She quivered like a scared little rabbit, knowing flight was useless, simply waiting to be devoured.

Katie squealed when Lauren pounced, pinning the panting girl to the bed, trapping her with her body. She closed her eyes and sighed in ecstasy as Lauren's hot tongue licked her neck. Gooseflesh erupted down her side as the moist tongue slid from collar to jaw.

Lauren smiled as she tasted the salty skin of her slave, at the same time, feeling the tiny bumps form in the young girl's flesh. Her own arousal was growing, the spectacle of watching Katie fuck the bottle almost more than she could stand. She had wanted to throw her down right there and then and fuck the little slut's brains out but she was stronger than that, she had to be. Watching the pretty schoolgirl comply with each and every command, marveling as her natural obedience became more and more instinctive was as exciting as having her pussy eaten by this very same, eager young girl.

Now it was time for for Kitty to come. Despite a few lapses, Lauren had to admit that Katie had been a very good slave. She had progressed further than even she could have hoped and her training was far more advanced than she had planned. Katie wanted to serve, she was still fighting some aspects of her personality, but even that struggle excited Lauren, each demure blush and shy, hesitant look sending jolts of pleasure tingling through her. When Katie came it would be the final triumphant act of control she had planned for the week. She thought she was being given a treat, rewarded for her good behaviour. Lauren knew the naive young girl suspected nothing more and the thought overcame her self-control and sent her sliding down Katie's body.

Katie groaned loudly as Lauren sunk two fingers inside her, sliding them in until her hand bumped against her plump labia, in one swift motion. Her groans grew in volume and frequency as Lauren pumped her fingers in and out of the slippery teenage cunt. When her owner's mouth closed over her clit, Katie yipped loudly, the high-pitched noise almost making Lauren pause in her attentions.

"May I come Miss," Katie yelled breathily.
"Manner's," Lauren replied, pausing only long enough to say the one, small word.
"Fu..." Katie screamed as Lauren sucked the young girl's clit into her mouth as she curled her fingers inside her vagina, her fingertips pushing forcefully against the folds of the front wall of the young girl's sex. "May I come please Miss, please. Please, please, Miss, oh..."
"Come for me Kitty. Come for me my little slut."

Katie could stand it no longer. She reached above her and drew Lauren's pillow quickly over her head. The moment it was pressed firmly across her face, the young girl screamed as the orgasm crashed upon her. The guttural sound was dampened by the pillow but Lauren smiled as the muffled wail filled the room.

Her entire body tensed, every muscle straining as if the ghost of electricity coursed through her. Lauren worked her pussy and clit without pause and Katie was transported into another level of reality. She felt suddenly lightheaded as if she was about to float out of her body, bright orange and red shapes danced and burst before her eyes, coalescing and dispersing in wondrous patterns. Just as she thought she could take no more, sure she was going to blackout as Lauren had described, a second orgasm exploded within her. Her renewed screams reverberated around the room, despite the pillow still held firmly to her face. Time seemed to stop as her entire world collapsed in upon itself.

The next thing Katie knew, the pillow was being removed from her face and the cool night air felt heavenly as it wafted across her feverish skin. Her eyelids fluttered open in time to see Lauren hover above her. Lips met, parting compliantly as her owner kissed her tenderly.

Katie wanted to reach out, to draw her lover down upon her, but her hands only twitched at her sides, all energy drained from the exhausted girl. It had been a long day and a longer week. Lauren collapsed beside her and the weak schoolgirl managed somehow to find the energy to turn on her side and reach across the heaving chest of her classmate.

Katie lay draped languidly across her owner, her head resting lightly on Lauren's chest as it rose and fell, the rhythm slowing over time. She snuggled closer to her lover, feeling Lauren's heartbeat pulse through her own body as her face lay pillowed on her owner's small, soft breasts.

The contented schoolgirl turned her face and kissed the nipple that lay close, the wan light of the night making the dusky circle look like a dark cherry atop an ice cream sundae. She loved the way Lauren's pale flesh seemed to glow in the weak light that filtered through the curtained window.

Katie desperately tried to stay awake, trying to make the night last just a few moments longer but the gentle, rhythmic stroking of Lauren's thumb across her temple soon lulled the young girl into sleep, her body pressed firmly into that of her owner, as if yearning to be one. Her comfort was complete and, despite her determination, she soon drifted into the soft embrace of sleep.

 *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

Lauren awoke, her eyelids opening slowly into darkness. It took a moment for the young girl to orient herself, but the weight upon her chest, the warm soft body of her slave, gave her all the information she needed. She could feel the warm, moist breath across her breast, the sensation sending a shiver down her spine. 

Lauren closed her eyes and listened to the peaceful schoolgirl breathing shallowly through barely parted lips. She gently traced elegant arabesques across the smooth skin of the sleeping girl's back. 

Katie stirred and made a throaty contented sound, her lips pursing delicately together. Lauren looked down at her and smiled. She shifted her body gently out from beneath the slumbering girl and leaned closer, brushing her lips against Katie's cheek, the tip of her nose, those tender pink lips. She smiled in her sleep and Lauren contemplated just what she had in this young girl.

Lauren kissed her then, full on the mouth, disrupting the slow, even breaths of sleep. Katie woke with her owner's mouth pressed against hers and, with sleep still clinging to the young girl's mind, her body responded, to accept the smooth, wet tongue that crept sinuously past her parted lips. They embraced lying face to face, kissing sleepily and eventually making love, with slow, indolent grace.

Lauren drew the lethargic girl from the bed, pulling her gently by the hand. Katie followed obediently, the post-orgasmic haze obfuscating her movements, allowing her to function on the most instinctual of levels. She followed without thought, simply knowing it was right, content.

"Pee."

Even in her somnolent state, she still managed to blush at being ordered to go to the toilet like a pet. Nevertheless she sat on the toilet and emptied her bladder as Lauren leaned against the wall and watched her in the pale light that illuminated the room. 

"Back to bed Kitty."

Katie flushed and scurried back to Lauren's bedroom, scooting under the covers, eager to snuggle back into the warmth she had reluctantly left behind. When Lauren joined her, she cuddled into her owner, sliding her right hand over her body and holding her tight. She let her hand rest against the small breast, before tentatively cupping the soft mound and gently running her thumb across the tiny nipple. 

Lauren nestled her body into Katie, sighing softly as she felt her slave's firm young breasts flatten against her back. Lauren quickly drifted back into sleep, Katie's slow, hot breath caressing the back of her neck.









Chapter 15.&nbsp; Day Once Dawned

Katie purred like a well-fed cat as Lauren gently caressed her warm body, slim fingers tracing the soft curve of the young girl's breast, the delicate contact barely brushing the sensitive young flesh. The weak light of early morning filtered through the red curtains, filling the room with an orange haze. 

She had awoken to the loving attention of her owner, stretching languidly as sleep left her slowly. Soft music was playing, filling the room with a mellow melody that Katie let flow over her body like a gentle river of sound. The sleepy schoolgirl looked at her owner lying beside her and felt such a sense of deep contentment it was as if her entire body would dissolve into the aether at the merest touch.

"Morning Kitty."
"Morning Miss," Katie responded, a little shiver trickling through her body at the sultry sound of her lover's voice.
"Are you going to lie in bed all day?" Lauren asked, her fingers continuing their absent caress of the tender teenage breast.
"Yes please, Miss," Katie replied, knowing Lauren was teasing her.
"Cheeky little slut," Lauren responded, her fingers creeping inwards to squeeze the young girl's nipple. She smiled as she felt it harden between her fingers, enjoying the power she had over the young girl.

Katie smiled, enjoying the playful teasing. She loved it when Lauren was this way. This was the kind of friendship that she had always longed for: the comfort, the contentment, the gentle teasing that only came with real understanding.

"I'm thirsty, Kitty."
"Water, Miss?"
"Mmmm," Lauren responded, cupping the young girl's breast as she lay back in bed.

Katie got to her hands and knees and crawled over the prostrate form of her owner, smiling at Lauren's giggles as she pinched the pendant breasts as they passed over her. As she reached the edge of the bed and stood up, Lauren reached out and smacked her ass to send her on her way.

It was meant playfully, Katie knew, but her left buttock stung as she hurried down the stairs to fetch her owner's refreshment. She twisted and caught a glimpse of her bottom, not surprised to see the bright pink hand-print blazing in the middle of her left cheek. She risked a squeeze of her nipples remembering the recent touch that had so quickly stirred her arousal. The day was not an hour old and her desire already gripped her.

She filled the tall glass with cold water, smiling shyly at the pride she felt in remembering the correct way to serve. She scurried upstairs, the nervous fluttering in her belly growing as she knelt by the side of the bed, spreading her legs widely and holding out the cool glass with one hand. She had only been gone a minute but Lauren looked as if she was already asleep again. The night had been an exhausting one. She felt like getting back into bed, snuggling up against Lauren's smooth body and falling back into sleep as well. Instead she remained on her knees, her hand slowly growing colder as she watched the sleeping girl.

Lauren looked so peaceful, her lips parted slightly, revealing the straight white teeth within. She could just see the moist, pink tongue lying dormant inside her owner's mouth and could not help but think of it in her own mouth, against her lips, darting into her wet slit, skimming the cream from the opening of pussy.

Katie shivered as she felt the familiar tight tingling between her legs, confident in the knowledge than soon the first dribbles of cream would make their way to the entrance of her sex, as if her vagina was some great river, her cream, the sexual silt being flushed downriver to the sea. The gentle movement of her body dislodged a drop of condensation from the glass and it trickled down her arm, mirroring the imagined movement of cream within her cunt.

Katie moaned softly and immediately blushed as she realised Lauren was watching her. Had she ever been truly asleep, she wondered, as she felt the heat of her embarrassment radiate from her body. With no provocation whatsoever, her thoughts had turned to the most wanton they could be. She was such a fucking slut. What would she ever have done without Lauren? But wasn't it Lauren that had brought these feelings out in her? She had not been like this before becoming her classmate&#8217;s property.

Lauren smacked her lips and smiled and Katie knew instinctively what to do. She raised her body, though not as high as she would have liked due to her widely spread legs, and tipped the tall glass to her owner's lips, putting her other hand under the glass to prevent any drips from reaching the bed. Lauren drank multiple mouthfuls from the offered glass, her eyes never leaving those of her slave.

"Are you thirsty, Kitty," Lauren enquired once she had drunk her fill.
"Yes Miss."
"You may drink."

"Not from my glass. How dare you," Lauren said, slapping the young girl's face.

Katie almost dropped the glass, so stunned was she by the suddenness of the unexpected action. Her cheek stung, but the disappointment she felt at her failure hurt far more than the single slap.

"And now you have made a mess as well. Clean it, Kitty. No, put the glass down here, always on a coaster. Hurry up, get a washcloth and wipe up what you spilled."

Katie scurried from the room, a sense of dread filling her, constricting her chest and making her breath come in ragged gasps. She was so fucking stupid. How could she be such a fucking retard? As if she would have been allowed to drink from Lauren's glass. It was early in the morning, too early for a late-riser like her. She knew it wasn't much of an excuse and even as she thought it she knew it was bullshit and chastised herself for being even more stupid as to try and lie to herself.

She was back in the bedroom in moments, desperately dabbing at the small wet spot on the carpet, willing the darkened splotch to lighten. She didn't dare look at Lauren as she huddled on all fours and repeatedly tried to soak up the small stain. It was only water and it would dry, she knew, but that wasn't the point.

"Bring a bowl of water back with you Kitty."

Katie finished her cleaning and scrambled from the room, her brain still worrying at her failure like a dog with a bone. She made her way slowly back to her owner, careful not to spill a drop.

"Set it down Kitty. Now you may drink."

Katie flushed with humiliation as she lowered herself to all fours and began lapping the water from a bowl like the animal for which she was named. She could feel Lauren's eyes upon her and her blush deepened as she thought of the sight she must present. Only one thing could make it worse.

Just as the thought finished forming in her mind, she felt Lauren's fingers at her throat and, moments later, her leash dangled from her collar. How had she known? How was it possible that Lauren knew exactly what she was thinking? The young girl continued to lap the water from the bowl, drawing only meagre amounts of liquid into her mouth with each attempt. She could feel the gentle swing of the chain with each movement of her head and it made her feel her subservience all the more keenly.

"Enough, now come back to bed," Lauren commanded, punctuating her order with a sharp tug on the leash. "You were a naughty girl weren't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss, I'm sorry. It won't happen again."
"Next time it will be the cane my little slut. Now come here, bring those nice big boobs up here."

Joy burst inside the young girl as she crawled up her owner's body. Lauren wasn't mad any more. She had forgiven her, though Katie did not think she deserved it. She still couldn't believe how stupid she had been to do such a thing, but Lauren knew better than she did what behaviour deserved punishing. She could barely contain the exuberance she felt at not having ruined the morning. It had begun so perfectly and she had almost destroyed it by misbehaving in such a foolish way.

Katie moaned as Lauren's mouth closed over her right nipple, drawing the suddenly hard bud inside her. The moist heat that enveloped her sensitive skin was delicious. She closed her eyes and lost herself to the sensation. The young girl groaned a soft lament as Lauren switched to her other nipple, a shiver quivering down her right side as the cool air blew across the moistened skin. Even that brief moment of loss made her yearn for her nipple to be covered once more.

Katie lowered her body little by little, wanting, needing, Lauren to take more of the tender meat inside her. The schoolgirl felt a pulse in her pussy as her owner suckled at her breast, the insistent, rhythmic pressure unlike anything she had ever felt. How was such pleasure possible? At that very moment she wanted nothing more than to feel her owner's mouth around her. She hadn't known there were so many forms of pleasure one body could feel. She realised she knew nothing. Every day with Lauren was an education.

"Mmmm Kitty, kiss me you gorgeous little slut."

She was reluctant to relinquish the ecstasy of the suckling but she obediently moved back down the bed and kissed Lauren's soft lips with an intensity both girl's found intoxicating. They remained this way, lying side by side, for what felt like hours. Katie moaned as the kisses evolved from gentle, tender touches, to a deeper, more passionate play of tongue and mouth as their ardour grew.

Lauren's hand slid down her slave's body and wormed its way between Katie's legs. The schoolgirl's thighs parted eagerly, not wanting to provide any impediment to the questing fingers of her owner. She groaned as two fingers slipped inside her. They were quickly removed and Katie groaned again at the loss.

She felt a different pressure at her mouth and dutifully opened wider. She tasted her pussy as her tongue swirled around her owner's fingers, the familiar flavour like nothing else she had ever encountered. Her mouth was emptied with a pop and a moment later her pussy was filled again. Lauren continued with the rhythm she had set, feeding the panting schoolgirl the cream from her cunt, sliding her fingers deeper inside both holes with each repetition.

Katie could not believe how turned on she had become. She was on the edge of orgasm, the sensation becoming harder to fight the deeper Lauren delved. Her own fingers had found her owner's clit and she knew her attention was having the desired effect. The small movement of her left hand was her only concession as she lay back, completely subservient to her classmate, accepting the feeding absolutely.

Her chest tightened and her stomach clenched as Lauren's fingers slipped all the way to the back of her throat. The fingers were back in her pussy before she could react, the momentary gagging sensation forgotten until a moment later when they returned as deeply as before. Katie gagged again, her whole body tensing for just an instant. She couldn't take much more of this. Her mind had no ability to understand what was happening to her but each time her owner's slim fingers slid deeply to the back of her mouth she was so close to orgasm she knew she could not last much longer.

The moment Lauren's left hand joined in, two fingers slipping past her plump labia to squirm intently against the soft folds of her vagina, as the fingers of her right hand filled her mouth, she managed to mumble a barely intelligible request to come. She knew, even as her muscles tensed for the reflex she could not control, that if Lauren denied her she would come anyway. She could not hold back any longer.

"Yes my little slut. Come now. Come for me," Lauren panted, her own lust reaching its peak.

Katie's body bucked in the uncontrollable throes of her orgasm. Her legs trembled and tensed. At the same time her stomach and chest heaved as Lauren pushed her fingers a little further into the orgasmic schoolgirl's mouth. Katie's brain all but shut down as the intensity of her orgasm rocked her young mind. Two of her holes were filled, her body accepting one and rebelling against the other, the confusion caused served only to increase the power of the ecstasy that coursed through her.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the slick fingers slid from her holes, allowing the young girl to finally come down from the peak of bliss at which she had teetered for what seemed like half the morning.

"Clean Kitty. Cleanliness is next to slutliness."

Katie opened her eyes and saw Lauren's right hand hovering above her mouth, long strings of ropey saliva tethering her owner's fingers to her still-parted lips. She raised her head slightly and noisily sucked the slimy strings back into her mouth. Once clean, Lauren switched hands, allowing Katie to taste her pussy once more.

She tried to think on what had just happened, but her mind was still lost in the entropic swirl of confusion, thoughts flashing one by one through her brain like a flickering film-reel out of control. Katie realised, out of nowhere, that her hand was still trapped between Lauren's tightly clenched thighs. She heard the tell-tale giggle as her fingers squirmed against her owner's hot pussy. 

A bright smile burst across the young girl's face, her cheeks still flushed with arousal. Lauren had come too. The very thought had her laughing along with her owner, her girlish giggles creating an almost musical melody, an opera of pure joy as they joined those of her owner. The naked, sweating teenagers lay in each other's arms, their desires sated.

"Refresh my water Kitty," Lauren ordered, once their bodies had calmed and their breathing returned to normal.

Katie hesitated for just a fraction of a second, not wanting to get up, not wanting to leave Lauren. If they could have stayed in bed all day she knew it would be the best day of her young life. But the moment passed in the blink of an eye and she dutifully slid out of bed, her right hand trailing behind her, trying to stay connected to her owner until the last possible moment.

When she returned, music was once again playing, the same soft music as before. As she knelt beside the bed, offering the fresh glass of cool water to her owner, she listened to the music: the gentle strumming of an acoustic guitar, the haunting voice as it sang such beautiful, melancholy words. Katie didn't like all of Lauren's music, but this calmed her and made her feel safe, as if she was wrapped in a warm coat while snow fell, blanketing the world outside the window.

Lauren took the glass from the obedient schoolgirl and directed her to drink. Katie crawled to her bowl and leant down once more to lap the now tepid water. She still didn't understand why she felt so strange in this position. She should have felt humiliated by the demeaning act, and she was, but she could not ignore the fluttering in her belly, a sensation she knew to be anything but negative. She had an odd feeling that something was missing, as if something was not quite right. She thought about her leash, wondering when it had been removed, and blushed. Surely that was not it?

"Enough. Up," Lauren ordered, patting the empty space beside her, smoothing out the crumpled sheet as she waited for Katie to take her glass and put it on her desk.

"Miss?" Katie asked once she was safely snuggled into her owner.
"Mmmm?"
"What is this music?
"Like it do you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss."
"It&#8217;s Nick Drake. He was one of the truly beautiful people, a really gentle soul. He left behind so little, but what we have is so gorgeous. Can you feel it deep inside you Kitty? Can you feel it touch the very heart of you?"
"Yes Miss, it&#8217;s beautiful," Katie replied sincerely. Lauren spoke so eloquently and with such fervour that the young girl was dazed momentarily, caught up in the moment and her owner's passion.

"Miss how do you know so much about music?" Katie asked, eager to gain insight into this captivating girl that owned her.
"Because I don't just sit back and wait for things to fall in my lap, like some lazy little sluts I know." Katie felt the admonishment, knowing it was true, but she could hear the smile in her owner's voice, even without being able to see her face. "I seek out what interests me Kitty. I search for it, follow the clues, piece together the story from a comment here, a glimpse there and I take what I want and make it mine. It's how I got you."

Katie felt a quiet thrill pulse within her. She realised the truth in Lauren's words and a strange mix of emotions whirled within her. For seconds she couldn't focus on any one thing, but it soon became clear to the young girl, that one feeling was more prominent than all the rest. Katie realised she felt lucky.

"Come on my little slut, we can't stay here all day no matter how nice that would be."

Lauren slapped Katie's ass until she scrambled out of bed and stood at attention in the middle of the room. Lauren smiled to see the naked schoolgirl so compliant, so ready to serve. She had thought about staying in bed with this gorgeous little slut, just enjoying the feel of her soft body next to hers. There was just too much to do. There would be other days. She had to remind herself again that Katie wasn't going anywhere. She had to curb her youthful exuberance, fight the feeling that she had to do everything right then and there. She was only sixteen and she often felt as if she was running out of time.

"Exercises."

Katie immediately fell to the floor to begin her first set. She had secretly hoped that she might get out of having to do her exercises today but Lauren was having none of it. She could hear typing from behind her and couldn't help but wonder what her owner was doing. Whatever it was, it didn't matter. It wasn't her business and she had to focus on what she had been told to do.

Her routine was physically stressful but even as she counted the creamy pussys of each set, her mind wandered. She wondered what they would do today, wondered what Lauren would choose for her to wear, but what occupied most of her imaginings was her body. Her pussy almost never left her thoughts. It was kind of hard not to think of her pussy, its taste filled her mouth and the occasional tremble deep inside her, the remnant of her recent orgasm, let her know just how sexual a being she truly was.

"Kitty wants to serve." Katie stood panting, happy to have finished her morning exercises. Even though her muscles ached a little, it was a good ache. It let her know she was improving, she was becoming the girl Lauren wanted her to be. She looked at her classmate sitting at the computer, her back to her, and quickly started prancing.

She had almost forgotten to begin her warming down. She lifted each leg slowly, making sure the knee reached her hip and her toes remained pointed, flexing her slim calves in a way she knew was attractive. She continued to high-step on the spot as her breathing calmed and the sweat dried on her naked body. It was a demeaning action, to be sure, prancing on the spot like some animal being trained for display, but she couldn&#8217;t deny the lust-filled pulses that travelled down her vagina and burst upon her plump vulva in tiny tingling shocks. How was it possible that some of the humiliating tasks she was set were now also becoming a part of her arousal? She didn&#8217;t really want either feeling,&nbsp; sometimes she just wanted to feel nothing. Things would be so much easier.

"Run a shower, Kitty."
"Yes Miss."

Katie hurried from the room and started the shower, testing the water to make sure it would be perfect for when her owner arrived. She shivered at the delicious warmth of the falling water. It felt like a year since she had felt the beautiful comfort of a hot shower. That dirty word reared its ugly word once more. She instantly dismissed it, chastising herself for even thinking it.

She didn't understand why she had to shower in cold water but it was fair. She had to stop being so stupid. She had thought she had already won this argument with herself and totally stopped thinking things were unfair. Lauren knew what was best. She rarely understood it and often had trouble accepting it but this was her life now. She belonged to Lauren, that at least was not in dispute, it was just that it was sometimes really hard, knowing that choice was not something that was part of her life anymore.

Katie jumped when Lauren patted her head. She had been kneeling patiently, listening to the water fall against the tiles, watching the pattern the steam made on the glass walls of the shower, and had not heard her owner arrive. She smiled at the momentary fear she had felt, feeling silly, and watched, captivated, as Lauren stepped into the shower. The water ran down her owner's toned body, cascading sensually over every curve. Lauren was so beautiful, her lithe athlete's body mesmerising the young schoolgirl as she turned slowly under the falling water.

"Come Kitty," Lauren said, patting her thigh gently. 

Katie burst forward, beaming. This was all that she had wanted. She crawled over the raised step and into the shower, the tension visibly leaving her body as the deliciously warm water splashed on her skin. Once she was inside she began to rise, only to have Lauren grab her hair and twist her head viciously towards the floor. Katie fell back to her knees and quickly pushed her hands behind her back, wanting to show Lauren her obedience. She had obviously angered her owner by standing up without permission and she was desperate to make amends.

Her head was yanked to the right and she tried her best to shuffle her body to follow her owner's forceful movements. Lauren did not stop until she had maouevred the naked girl into the far corner, the back of her head pushed firmly into the tiled corner. Katie spread her legs but not quickly enough nor fast enough for her owner and each thigh was slapped repeatedly until they were flush with each wall. Her head was jerked back again, straining her neck and forcing her face to the ceiling.

"When you shower with me, this is where you go. Don't presume above your place, Kitty," Lauren said, emphasising her words with a sharp slap to the young girl's upturned face.
"Yes Miss," Katie replied meekly, shocked by the sudden violence of her correction. It was a lesson she would not soon forget. She stayed squatting in the corner, her buttocks resting on her ankles, her arms trapped behind her, pushing into the still cool tiles, legs spread obscenely wide, as Lauren washed her hair and body.

Katie's body slowly warmed up, receiving only the occasional wayward spray of water deflected from her owner's body. She was glad that the water masked the tears that had welled in her eyes, not wanting her owner to see her upset. Her cheek still stung but it was the knowledge that she had raised Lauren's ire that upset the young girl.

As Lauren finished rinsing her body she looked down at the young girl for the first time since placing her slave in position. Katie flashed her a timid, fearful smile and hoped desperately for it to be returned. She almost rose to her feet and embraced her owner when that familiar and oh-so-beautiful smile curved Lauren's mouth. It was the wicked grin that she had seen so often, and Katie knew it heralded something in which she would be involved, intimately. Lauren turned her back on Katie and stepped backwards, forcing her ass out until the tight curves rested only an inch from the squatting schoolgirl's face.

"Open. Now lick, Kitty. I didn't say move, slut. Lick what is presented. That's my girl, lick my asshole like a good slave."

At the first command Katie had instinctively tried to push her tongue against&nbsp; her owner's pussy, the slim, bare lips just out of reach. It wasn't until Lauren spelled it out for her that she realised what she was being told to do. She had never thought she would ever do something like that. She had never really thought she would ever eat a pussy either, or be the possession of another person for that matter. Yet she had done all those things and more, and now she was expected to do perform yet another act that she couldn't help but feel was wrong.

She could just see Lauren's tightly puckered asshole, the delicate pink muscle clenching rhythmically as if inviting her attention. She remembered the homework Lauren had set her, took a deep breath and slid her tongue along the tight pink rosette. She knew her face had turned crimson the moment she realised the degrading act she had no choice but to perform, though no one would ever see with Lauren's buttocks pressing against her, smothering her scalding face.

Katie licked, long slow movements. She was hesitant at first but the pleasured moans of her owner, and her insistent commands soon had the young girl lapping eagerly, her tongue swirling over and around the pulsing muscle. She wanted to please her owner, but the thought of what she was doing, that her mouth was somewhere it ought not to be, never left her. She did her best to keep her thoughts under control, wanting to focus on pleasing Lauren instead of her captivity and lack of consent.

"Fuck it Kitty. Get that tongue right in there."

Katie clenched her hands behind her and obediently hardened her tongue into the little spear she had used to such effect on the pussy that lay only an inch away. She felt Lauren's sphincter move beneath her mouth as her tongue speared the centre of the tiny circle. Lauren clenched and moaned each time the tongue darted in. Water from Lauren's back slid down between her buttocks and splashed across Katie's face as her tongue diligently worked her owner's ass.

"Good girl. A slave reveres all of her owner's body, serving in any way she can."

Lauren broke off her lecture and groaned, her hands sliding across the slick glass walls of the shower. She had wanted to say more, so much more that Katie needed to hear but she was too aroused. Directing the young girl as she ate her asshole was too much for her. She changed the angle of her body and instantly felt Katie's tongue on her pussy.

"Clit. Lips over, Kitty. Now purr for me. Purr my little Kitty cat. Show me how happy your owner's pussy makes you."

Katie did as she was told, glad that her tongue was no longer trying to force its way past Lauren's tight sphincter, though now her nose had taken its place. She closed her lips obediently around the small, hard bud and purred, forcing air across her tongue and vibrating it against the roof of her mouth. She was instantly rewarded with a moan from Lauren, a deep, primal sound that was accompanied by a sudden tension in the young girl's body.

Katie kept purring, drawing breath quickly and letting it out, long and slow, transferring the delicious sensation of vibration to Lauren's clit. The orgasm hit hard and fast and Katie felt her owner's body quiver as she was overcome. She tried to keep purring, leaning out from her corner to follow, but Lauren stepped away, leaning against the wall before sliding to her knees.

Without thinking, Katie left her corner and wrapped Lauren in a loving embrace. She pulled her still quivering owner to her, comforting and caressing her body as her climax faded. Only as Lauren turned to kiss her neck did Katie realise she had broken position. Her vision was blurred by the constant falling water but she was sure Lauren was not upset. She accepted the tender kiss and slowly unwrapped her body from that of her owner's and slid back into the corner, trapping her arms behind her and spreading her legs wide once more. 

She would have stayed with her owner until the water ran out, until night fell once more, until the very end of time itself, but she knew she should be back in position. She felt it like some invisible force gently tugging her back into the corner. She had wanted to stay, but she knew where she should be.

Lauren sat on the floor of the shower and stared at the squatting girl. She was too dazed even to smile, but the sense of joy, the suffusion of power through her body caused every inch of her skin to tingle. Katie, her slut, had risked punishment to comfort her, but, knowing her place, had crept back into position without being told. Lauren ran through the thought again, slowly, before finally accepting the beauty of what she had seen.

"Up, Kitty," Lauren ordered.

Katie gratefully scrambled to her feet. She had been worried that Lauren would punish her but it seemed as if her indiscretion had been forgiven, though not forgotten, of that she was sure. Her owner didn't seem to forget anything. Katie allowed herself to be manipulated into position, her body relaxed and compliant as Lauren moved her arms up and across one corner, pushing her legs wide until the young girl was spreadeagled, facing into a corner of the shower.

Katie squirmed under her owner's touch, but revelled in the sensuous caresses as Lauren bathed her. Her hair was washed, her head bouncing back and forth on her loose neck as Lauren lathered the shampoo with a youthful vigour. Katie realised she was moaning softly through barely parted lips as her body was soaped and scrubbed by her owner. It was such a heavenly feeling that Katie desperately wished she was dirtier and dirtier, stained deeply so Lauren would continue to clean her petite teenage body.

She bit her lip as soapy fingers slipped between her legs, sliding smoothly over her labia and on past her tightly clenched asshole. She could not help but think of what she had so recently done, but right now she didn't care. She had licked the ass of her owner. So what? She had been ordered to do it and obedience was all that mattered.

Too soon, her body was rinsed and Lauren turned her around to survey her glistening, clean property. Nothing in the world could be more exciting than possessing another person, and especially one as delectable as the little slut that stood before her, naked in all her glory. She had planned for so long, twisting every angle of every scenario.

She had spent many a sleepless night contemplating the plan she knew she had to enact. Once she had passed those initial stages she had no choice, it had become a compulsion that only became stronger as each piece of the puzzle fell into place. And now here she was, the owner of a slave, a girl her own age and one of the cutest things she had ever laid eyes on. Lauren was so happy she thought she would burst.

Instead she twisted the young girl's long wet locks in her hands and forced Katie back against the wall, forcing her head back and kissing her forcefully, mashing her lips against those of the startled teen. Almost instantly the subjugated schoolgirl responded, pushing back against her owner, opening her mouth to allow the intimate intrusion. Katie was excited by Lauren's passion. She made her owner feel this way, she knew Lauren liked her and wanted her and she knew it was more than just wanting to own her, she really liked her for who she was. All she had to do was be good, behave herself and keep Lauren happy.

"Enough, you little slut," Lauren panted, pushing herself away from the eager schoolgirl. "Get my towel."

Katie licked her lips, feeling the loss of her owner's attention. Lauren had an unbelievable power over her. It was almost as if she was addicted to the very touch of her classmate. She dutifully fetched a clean towel and held it out, waiting patiently as Lauren turned off the shower and stepped out. Katie immediately wrapped the towel around the naked, dripping body of her lover and spent the next few minutes drying her diligently, ignoring the cooling of her own body.

Once she had finished Lauren allowed Katie to dry her body before she cleaned the small puddles from the floor and the young girl was thankful that she had been given such a concession. The morning was going so well, Lauren was happy, which made her happy. She had made a couple of mistakes but she had been good, she knew she had, and Lauren was rewarding her. They were only little things but they meant a lot to the submissive teenager.

Lauren had left the room the moment she was dry and Katie hurried now to find her. She was already dressed in panties and t-shirt by the time Katie joined her. The young girl moved into the centre of the room and stood at attention, waiting for her owner&#8217;s acknowledgement. This was one of the hardest things she had to do now. Waiting patiently for Lauren to pay her any attention, when she was mere feet, away was torture. Katie felt small and lost as she waited while Lauren busied herself at the desk.

"Sit."

Katie was in the chair in two quick steps, her feelings of loneliness banished in an instant. She sat on the hard wooden chair and spread her legs wide, more instinct than intent. Lauren smiled down at the pretty young girl and began brushing her damp hair in long, slow motions. She loved Katie's hair: straight, jet-black and silky. It shined in the light, the brush sliding easily through the long, thick locks.

"Play with yourself Kitty. Just showing that fat cunt off is a bit of a waste."

Katie's hands moved tremblingly between her legs, her breath catching as they made contact with the sensitive flesh she had chosen to display. Her arousal grew as Lauren brushed her hair and her fingers moved faster, pressing harder with each stroke. She felt her cream trickle from her vagina long before she had a chance to see. She thought she could smell the first traces from her pussy but she wasn't sure if it was just her imagination or maybe just the lingering remnant of their lovemaking.

"Good Kitty. Are you hungry?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied a little hesitantly, wondering, this time, just what Lauren meant. She really was hungry, for food, and the very mention of it only increased the rumble in her belly.
"Ok then, breakfast time," Lauren said, putting down the brush and fixing the leash to Katie's collar. Lauren looked at the young girl, her hair combed out to a glistening black curtain that draped past her slim shoulders. She couldn&#8217;t wait for it to grow until it cascaded down her back and brushed the top of the sweet curves of her buttocks. She would not allow a cut until her vision was fulfilled.

Katie followed Lauren obediently down the stairs, feeling her own lack of clothing with every step. She watched Lauren's bottom move as she walked, her tight buttocks shifting so beautifully beneath the tight black panties. Lauren was not wearing much but she was covered enough to make Katie feel more exposed than when she was alone. Being naked around someone who was clothed made her feel strangely small and vulnerable.

"Pancakes. You like pancakes, Kitty?"
"Oh yes Miss."
"Well if you are good you might just be allowed some. Now come and watch, next time you will be making them." Lauren led her young charge into the kitchen. "Actually, hurry upstairs and get my brown belt, the wide one with the gold clasp."

Katie opened her mouth to take the handle of the leash even before it was offered. Lauren smiled as she traced the line of the young girl's jaw, happy to see her slave taking to her lessons so quickly. She popped the leash between the young girl's parted lips and gave each nipple a quick pinch to send her on her way.

When she returned, her nipples still hard, Katie dropped to her knees next to Lauren and offered her the belt, hoping it was the right one. There were two that looked similar but this was slightly wider and she had made her choice quickly. Lauren took the belt from the young girl and fastened it around her waist, cinching in the small yellow t-shirt, pulling the material tighter, accentuating her small budding bosom.

"Actually Kitty, I think you would look pretty with a belt too. Bottom drawer of the dresser in my room. Bring down one coil of rope."

Katie had wondered for but a moment what kind of belt she would wear, if she would also be allowed to put on some other clothes. It had been stupid of her to think that but she hadn't been able to help it. Despite knowing her current state of undress was how Lauren wanted her, she really did want some clothing. Just a bra and panties would have made her happy and put her at ease. Now it would be worse, she was going to be tied up somehow. Maybe Lauren would just make a belt from the rope, just like she had said, but Katie thought that hope a slim one.

The bottom drawer of Lauren's dresser was covered with a sheet, but once she had drawn that back she was met with a plethora of instruments that made her pause. She could see the rope neatly coiled, something she had as yet been unable to master, the cane, the pain of which she still remembered and a number of other items that she didn't quite understand the usage of. Her tiny stash was hidden as best she could, somewhere she was sure no one could ever find it and here was all this... stuff, just covered with a sheet.

She picked up one coil of rope and hurried downstairs, not wanting to be accused of dawdling. What was the other stuff in the drawer for? When would she find out? She was sure that she would find out, and not by having it described to her. The thought gave her pause.

As much as she loved spending time with Lauren, making love to her and enjoying their blossoming friendship, the realisation that she was the property of another girl, a toy to be played with, came back to her with full force. She never truly forgot, but when the time she spent with Lauren was so nice and she could make her so happy just by behaving, it was easy to bury that truth deep inside her.

She sank to her knees and presented the rope to Lauren, who was busy fussing over the ingredients for the pancakes. She had to wait a minute until Lauren had everything just right before she turned to the young girl and bade her stand.

Katie stood still, her body ever-compliant, as Lauren tied her hands behind her, before looping the rope round and around her waist, creating a tight belt&nbsp; that dramatically cinched the delicate skin of her belly. Lauren finished the young girl's restraint by securing her hands in the small of her back, tying the rope so tightly that each minor tug or struggle pulled viciously on the belt around her tiny waist.

Only then did Lauren remove the handle of the leash from Katie's mouth, first holding it out for the tied teenager to remove the dribble of saliva that coated it. Lauren unclasped the leash, looped it through the belt at her own waist, before threading the leash through the handle and reattaching it to her slave's collar. She slid the leash around her belt until it rested in the small of her back, tugging it gently to be sure it was sitting correctly.

Katie was now not only tightly secured, her own hands tied behind her back, but she was also tethered to her owner. Lauren was free to cook while still keeping her slut close-by and out of trouble. Everything was set, now breakfast could begin.

"Watch and listen, Kitty. A slave needs to know how to cook to please her owner. How many times do you think a slave should be shown something before she learns it?"
"Um, once Miss?"
"Good girl."

Katie watched and listened intently as Lauren proceeded to cook pancakes. It was an easy recipe and she was sure that when it came time for her to step up and make them for her owner she would be ready. She followed Lauren around the kitchen like a shadow, never letting the pretty girl get more than a few feet away. Early on, she had been a little too slow to react and her leash had grown taut, tugging gently on the belt that encircled Lauren's waist.&nbsp; The look she had received had made her blood run cold and she had been extra diligent from that moment forward.

"Down and wait," Lauren ordered, indicating a spot next to the kitchen table before unclipping the leash from the young girl's collar.

Katie knelt obediently, spreading her legs widely as she had been taught. She was joined a moment later as Lauren placed a large plate of pancakes, a bottle of maple syrup and a tall glass of orange juice on the table. Katie could smell the beautiful aroma of freshly cooked pancakes and when Lauren drizzled the maple syrup over the tall stack, smothering the delicate, fluffy circles in a river of rich, dark liquid, her mouth began to water. She loved pancakes and it would be a huge difference from the bland bran that she had been forced to eat that week.

Katie watched every movement Lauren made as she cut into the stack and began devouring the piping hot pancakes. She closed her mouth, pursing her lips together, afraid that she would start drooling on herself. She thought of Max, and how he reacted when he was anywhere around food. He licked his lips, long strings of drool hanging from his mouth, as she waited patiently for a morsel to be snuck to him or for something to fall to the ground where he could quietly slink in and snatch it up before he was noticed. Katie felt a gentle flush of shame, her cheeks mottling a delicate pink as she compared herself to a dog. But she was sitting by the side of her owner, waiting patiently to be fed what more apt comparison was there?

Katie waited and watched, her eyes following Lauren&#8217;s hand from plate to mouth. She licked her lips each time a juicy forkful disappeared inside Lauren&#8217;s mouth. The young girl didn&#8217;t realise what she was doing, so focused was she on the quickly vanishing food, her only distraction the bite of the rope around her waist that intruded upon her thoughts from time to time. 

She had initially squirmed against the discomfort, twisting her hands at the frustrating lack of movement and the painful constriction of the rope, but each petulant pull against her bonds only served to increase the uncomfortable sensation around her waist. She wished she didn&#8217;t have to be tied so tightly, but there was nothing she could do. What was worse ws that her elbows pointed out behind her, forcing her chest forward. As if her breasts weren&#8217;t exposed enough.

The stack of pancakes was almost half gone before Lauren turned towards her patient slave. Katie opened her mouth eagerly, watching the dripping food-filled fork slowly make its way towards her. She had to fight the urge to lean forward, knowing that such eagerness was naughty. She had to wait until her owner decided she would be fed, but it was hard to watch the plump slice of pancake hover before her, the mouth-watering aroma wafting into her flared nostrils. Finally, after what felt like an hour of teasing, Lauren pushed the fork forward and Katie&#8217;s mouth closed gratefully around the tiny morsel of food.

The pancakes were soft and amazingly sweet, syrup squelching between her teeth each time she chewed. Katie finished the mouthful in moments, relishing the taste of the brief delight. Her second mouthful followed soon after but the greedy young girl yearned for more. A wash of excitement swept over her at the tantalising anticipation of being fed like a pet, shame mottling her pretty cheeks at the feelings she could not control. 

Her obedience came easily, as if she had been bred for it. She no longer understood herself, her body reacting in ways she could never have imagined, her mind accepting things, finding pleasure in places she would never have expected. She didn&#8217;t know what had happened to her but she had changed, fundamentally. She no longer knew who Katie Thomas was. She didn&#8217;t even feel like she knew that girl.

Lost in her daydreams, Katie opened her mouth a fraction too late. Her lips dislodged the small piece of pancake perched precariously on the incoming fork. The syrup-drenched bite bounced off her breast and landed on the floor between her legs. Katie paled at the thought of what she had done, her wide, frightened eyes sought out those of her owner, trying desperately to apologise for her failure.

&#8220;Right," Lauren snapped.&nbsp; "You don&#8217;t want what I have to offer, Kitty? Ok. You can have a special breakfast.&#8221;

Lauren slid her chair out from the table, the high-pitched squealing as it scraped along the tiles making Katie wince. Her face burned with the shame of her deficiency and her eyes followed her owner as the stalked into the kitchen. She was in trouble. She could tell from Lauren&#8217;s body language that she was annoyed, her movements short and sharp, the normal lithe motion now clipped and stilted by the intense emotions that surged, barely restrained, within her.&nbsp; 

Tears welled in Katie&#8217;s eyes as she hung her head, not wanting to watch her owner any longer. She couldn&#8217;t bear to see Lauren this way, especially knowing that she was the cause. Why couldn&#8217;t she just behave for one day? Why couldn&#8217;t she just be good? She pulled against her restraints, her lack of freedom suddenly galling the young girl, and instantly regretted her moment of ill-temper, gasping as the tight rope pinched her waist. Tiny tears dropped onto the smooth skin of her breasts. Katie lifted her head and tried to blink back the salty tears, not wanting Lauren to such weakness. It was silly, she knew. Lauren had seen her at her most vulnerable, she had seen her blubbering like a baby, but still she felt she needed to be strong.

The naked schoolgirl jumped, startled by the sudden loud, whirring noise from the kitchen. She gasped as the jarring movement tugged against her strict restraints. She looked to see what Lauren was doing but could see nothing but her owner&#8217;s back, her soft brown hair resting daintily on her shoulders. Lauren had such pretty hair, it was such a rich brown and moved with such vivacity, as if it had a life of its own. Katie loved to see it bobbing gently in a ponytail or hanging free, framing Lauren&#8217;s pretty face. 

She remembered seeing Lauren just that morning, her shining hair lying gently across her bare shoulders, the slight wave towards the tip seemingly caressing the smooth teenage skin. She had wanted that to be her hands. She remembered the feeling, the almost uncontrollable urge, she had felt to slide her hands up under the delicate curtain and stroke the soft skin.

Katie shook her head to banish her dreamy imaginings, wondering why she could never keep her thoughts straight when she was around Lauren. She could have been thinking about sixteenth century glass-blowing techniques and without fail, her thoughts would turn to her owner&#8217;s body, or her own or some combination thereof. She had barely gone five minutes without thinking something sexual and it was beginning to get to her. 

She didn&#8217;t want to be constantly focusing on her pussy, wondering on its wetness or contemplating her owner&#8217;s cute body, the way her cheeky smile sent her belly aflutter or the way her pale-blue eyes seemed to strip away all of her defences and make her feel vulnerable and exposed as if Lauren knew everything about her. She had seemingly lost control of even her thoughts and she was more than a little disturbed by the development. 

"Ok Kitty,come over here. Breakfast is served."

Katie waddled on her knees to the spot Lauren indicated. She didn't have far to go but her movement was badly hampered by her bondage and the uncomfortable journey made her knees ache. She looked up pleadingly at her owner, her eyes briefly flickering to the large jug she held. 

"Too late for that Kitty. Next time don't be such a little cunt. Now eat."

Katie watched, fresh tears trickling down her cheeks, as Lauren tipped the contents of the jug directly onto the tiled floor. The thick gloop that slopped onto the cool white tiles looked like it had already been eaten once. It was a lumpy, gruel-like mixture that plopped onto the floor with the most unappetising of sounds. The kneeling teen grimaced at each wet squelch as yet another blob of the brown mass joined the growing pile.

"Get that look off your face, it's all good for you. You've got bran, banana, a handful of boysenberries, yoghurt and a few squirts of fish-oil to kickstart that sluggish brain of yours."

The description of the contents of the brownish goop did not make the young girl feel any better about it. Katie knelt looking from the small pile on the floor then up at her owner, her eyes wide, glistening with tears. She didn't trust herself to speak, but her distress was evident in every muscle of her face. 

Lauren was unmoved. She grabbed a fistful of Katie's hair, close in to her scalp and kicked her knees none too gently. The naked schoolgirl shuffled back as best she could, stopping only when Lauren finished nudging her. She could do little else with her hands secured so tightly behind her back. Once she was in position, Lauren pushed her head forward gently until her centre of gravity shifted and she began to topple forward.

Katie paniced, her arms flexing frantically, each not-so-gentle tug causing the naked teen to moan in her self-induced pain. As she overbalanced, Lauren took up the slack and supported her slim body by the hand clasped firmly in her hair. Katie's body arched and flexed, doing her best to right herself, or at the very least to alleviate the growing pain in her scalp. She yelped as she neared the floor and even more weight was supported by her hair as her body arched, her back bowing as she searched for the floor.

Katie moaned in relief as first her thighs and then her belly finally rested on the floor. Lauren continued to lower the grunting girl slowly, her breasts eventually coming into contact with the cool tiles. Even once her body was down, Lauren held her head off the floor, her hand twisted in Katie's beautiful black hair. The frightened teen was glad that her body was finally down but tears fell freely as Lauren refused to relinquish her hold, her pretty neck straining as her owner pulled her forward.

"Come on, Kitty. Forward. A little more, there. You will eat every last drop. That floor will be pristine before you are allowed to move. You're going to need your energy today."

Katie had wormed her way forward, her owner's insistent tugging on her hair showing her the way. Despite the strenuous movement, her body had grown cold, the cool tiles sucking the warmth from her. She had felt her nipples harden even as the weight of her body mashed her soft breasts into the hard flooring. Her face was now directly over the pile of blended food and she could see the mixture congealing into large lumps. 

"Hmm, keep your head out of your food until I come back Kitty. I don't want your hair getting messed up."

Katie flexed the muscles in her neck to keep her face out of the small pyramid of pulped food. Lauren gathered her hair together and laid it smoothly down her back before disappearing from the room. The young girl took the chance to look down at the mess below her. She knew it was food, it was just that in it's current state it looked more like something that might come out the other end. She could see small pieces of banana and the odd dark smear left by a mashed boysenberry. It smelt ok, the banana overriding the dry bran smell, but her swift evaluation made it no more appetizing than before.

Katie was thankful when she heard her owner return, unsure how much longer she could have kept her face out of the mess. Her hair was gathered once more and then tied tightly, close to her scalp in a severe ponytail. She felt something at her fingers and tensed them instinctively, her reward a series of sharp slaps to each buttock. 

The distressed teen yelped as her ass stung but her lesson was learnt and she kept her fingers still as Lauren tied the cord from her ponytail around them, securing her hair. There was a slight tension in both her fingers and scalp and as she lowered herself slightly she felt it grow in both areas.

"Eat," Lauren commanded, returning to her own breakfast. 

She watched Katie's first, tentative attempt as she chewed on a large mouthful of her delicious, syrup-soaked pancakes. She was sure the little slut was learning her lesson now. The nude teen's face lowered gently towards the clumpy gruel, her mouth parting slightly, lips drawing back from her teeth as she closed in on the topmost clump.

Katie bit off a small mouthful and began to chew. She had raised her head after retrieving the tiny bite, relieving the tension in her fingers. She ground the sodden mass between her teeth, eventually swallowing without relish. The taste wasn't too bad. It was the consistency, and the fact that she was eating directly from the floor that upset her. Even Max got to eat from a bowl.

Her body ached as she continued to eat bite after bite of the cold mess. Her unyielding restraints had been bad enough when she was kneeling, but now, with her body pressed into the smooth floor, unable to support herself in any way, the tight rope was an ever-present frustration. The moment her body had lain to rest on the floor, the loops that cinched her waist so wickedly, had moved from mere discomfort to intense pain. 

"Spread your legs Kitty. Now draw your feet back. Good, now you don't look so lazy."

Her new position was even more painful as it increased the pressure on her arched back. Her feet now resting close to her thighs. The humiliation of showing off her pussy in this degrading position barely registered. It was the comment about her laziness that had cut the young girl so deeply but at least she was allowed to hold the position on her own. If she failed she knew her feet would be tied, severely and tightly to her thighs, something she wished to avoid at all costs.

Tears rolled down her cheeks to join the small smears of lumpy gruel that had stuck to her face. More than half the puddle had disappeared and she was soon down to only the small lumps that rested directly on the tiles. Each time she lowered her head was a little harder than the last. The tie that kept her hair from becoming dirty had been tied too tight. Her fingers were pulled painfully each time she retrieved a mouthful and now that she was down to the floor itself, even sliding her fingers towards forward, as much as her restraints would allow, gave her no relief.

She tried not to think of how she had come to be in this position, for each time she did, her tears began anew. Katie was still licking the last dregs from the floor when the phone rang, startling the young girl. She almost choked on the mouthful of slop she had just sucked into her mouth. She had been able to reach and devour all the drier, thicker clumps of the mixture and what was left was a thin, lumpy slime that tended to defy her attempts at collection. She had resorted to noisily suckling the mess through pursed lips, cringing inwardly each time she did so, waiting to hear her owner admonish her for making too much noise.

"Hey."
"Just having breakfast"
"Pancakes."
Yeah you wish, cow."
"Since when?"
"Oh come on, you..."
'That's stu... That's just plain retarded."
"What do you think I can do about it?"
"Oh really?"
"Really?"
"Really, really?"
"When?"
"Ok, pick me up."

Katie had listened to the one-sided conversation, knowing she shouldn't, it was none of her business, but not being able to help herself. She wondered what it was all about and what Lauren had meant by her last statement. She shouldn't really have been wasting her time thinking such things, she knew. The hardest part of her ordeal was yet to come and she should have been focusing on that. The only part of her breakfast that was left was the watery slime that she had been, so far, unable to collect. She knew she would have to lick the floor intently to be able to collect what remained.

"Stop mucking around Kitty. If you aren't finished by the time I get back, those plump buttocks will be reacquainted with the cane."

Katie increased her pace, lapping the smooth tiles feverishly. She had to clean everything, she just had to. Everything had gone so wrong and it had all been her fault. If she was going to get this day back on track, she needed to start now. She moaned as she pushed her head all the way to the floor, pain spiking in her scalp and her tortured fingers. The movement also caused the bindings at her wrist and waist to bite into her tender flesh and she was soon moaning continuously.

Her world had contracted down to the one square tile in front of her. She painfully squirmed forward to reach the last tiny remnant of her breakfast. Her tongue had cleaned the last traces of liquid but in doing so had pushed a small wave of viscous substance ahead of her. She heard movement on the stairs behind her and wiggled her shoulders frantically, drawing her body slowly forward to eat the last tiny slurp before her owner returned.

"Feet down Kitty."

Nooooo, Katie screamed to herself. She was so close, her tongue was so close, there was just one last brown smear on the tiles. It was right there. She contemplated ignoring her owner's command, reaching out to lap up the final trickle of her breakfast as if she didn't hear but she couldn't bring herself to do it. She was trying to make Lauren happy and if that meant taking some cane strokes on her ass then she would do it. 

The moment she lowered her feet to the ground, pain exploded across her exposed buttocks. The agonising sting was like nothing she remembered. She screamed as her body jerked, tightening her restraints. The cane fell again, flattening her tender white mounds with the force of the blow, a thin red welt instantly forming across the young flesh. Katie grunted and yelped as a third and forth stroke landed in quick succession.

The sobbing teenager was still absorbing the punishment as Lauren unravelled the tie around her fingers. For a brief second the wicked tension in her hair was gone, though Katie barely noticed through the pulsing pain that radiated from her abused buttocks. The young girl grunted once more, low and guttural as Lauren pulled her forward by her ponytail and pushed her face to the floor.

Katie's open mouth closed over the last small smear of watery food and finally cleaned the tile of all traces of her breakfast. Nothing was left but the thin, glistening sheen of her saliva. The floor was much cleaner than when she had started, and thought of what she had potentially licked from the heavy-traffic area made her balk.

"To your feet Kitty," Lauren ordered, dragging the young girl scrambling upwards by her hair. "I have to go out for a bit. Are you going to be a good girl while I am gone?"
"Yes Miss, I will," sobbed the helpless schoolgirl. She felt wretched for what she had done, for how she had ruined the morning and even when given a chance, had been unable to redeem herself.
"Good. I want the ground floor vacuumed and tidy by the time I come home. When you finish that you can start dusting the lounge. Everything you will need is in the cupboard in the laundry. You are not allowed upstairs, Kitty. Now give me your hands."

Katie turned around obediently, her shoulders heaving with fresh sobs. Lauren swiftly untied the ropes from her hands and waist and pain rushed back into her extremities. She flexed her fingers, gasping as the movement brought sharp spikes of discomfort. Almost immediately she lifted her tingling hands towards her face, eager to clean off the food that had stuck to her face like glue. She could feel it drying on her face, small lumps tightening the skin around her mouth and chin. It was a maddening sensation and the inability to clean it as she ate had been yet another annoyance. Lauren&#8217;s hand whipped out and slapped Katie left breast, the tender flesh whipping sideways with the force of the blow. She staggered backwards, stunned as much by the pain in her breast as by the shock of the violence.

&#8220;And just what do you think you are doing, Kitty?&#8221;
&#8220;Um,&#8221; sniffed the young girl, too dazed to think straight.
&#8220;Well, what were you about to do?&#8221;
&#8220;Clean my face Miss.&#8221;
&#8220;I see. My memory mustn&#8217;t be working properly this morning. When did I give you permission to do that?&#8221;
&#8220;Um, sorry Miss. I didn&#8217;t, you didn&#8217;t sorry,&#8221; replied the dejected young girl, hanging her head in shame, not wanting to see the sight of her owner&#8217;s stern face judging her and finding her wanting.
&#8220;Well, we&#8217;ll just have to make sure you stick to what you are told. I don&#8217;t know what has gotten into you this morning. Hands out.&#8221;

The sniffling schoolgirl dejectedly offered her hands in front of her body and stood weeping silently as Lauren tied them once again. Katie paid little attention, too preoccupied with wallowing in self-pity. At a particularly sharp tug she looked down at what her owner had done and wondered at the very different restraints that enveloped her wrists. Lauren had somehow tied her hands and then contrived a sort of rope pole between her wrists, keeping them a good eight inches apart. The rope had been coiled round and round a central core providing her with some movement, but she could not bring her hands together. The rope connection flexed as she moved her hands but she could do no more than bow it slightly.

Lauren was far from finished. A second rope was once again tied devilishly tight around her waist, tightening the tender flesh of her belly and providing the young girl with a rather severe hourglass figure. Even as she gasped with the sharp tugs as the belt was secured, all Katie could think on was &#8216;where did the second rope come from&#8217;.&nbsp; She marvelled at the way her brain worked, not very well if the evidence of the last half hour was anything to go by. Thinking her bondage was complete, the young girl tossed back her head, and sniffed deeply, trying to clear her nose of the blockage her crying had caused.

&#8220;Stop snivelling, Kitty. It sounds disgusting.&#8221;

Fresh tears trickled from Katie&#8217;s red eyes as she tried to blink away the obfuscating blur that prevented her from seeing her surroundings. She couldn&#8217;t do anything right. She could feel the trickle of mucus tickling her nostrils. She couldn&#8217;t quite see it, but she knew something was hanging from her nose. She could feel the sticky string dangling from the tip of her nose, feel it swinging freely as she moved. Her melancholy musings were interrupted by a sharp jerk on the rope enveloping her waist. Lauren had still not finished securing her for the coming ordeal.

Katie obediently shuffled her legs apart as she felt Lauren&#8217;s hands slide between them. She shivered at the delicious warmth as her thighs were brushed but could not enjoy it, knowing that it was but a passing touch, not meant for comfort or enjoyment. She kept her eyes in front, staring at the other side of the kitchen, desperately wanting to know what Lauren was doing but not wanting gravity to work against her and force more of the ropey slime from her nose. She felt movement at her pussy and nibbled at her lower lip, anxious at what was to be done to her now.

Lauren ignored the young girl&#8217;s plight and pushed onward with her work. She didn&#8217;t have very long before her ride was here and she needed this little slut tied and secure before that. She hadn&#8217;t planned on tying her at all but the little shit's behaviour had taken a tumble that she would have to think about when she got back. Did it have anything to do with the fact that her lust had been sated? Lauren had allowed her to come a number of times. Had that had an effect on her behaviour? Was her willingness to please and her obedience affected so much by her arousal? She really didn&#8217;t have time to think about it now. She pulled the two loose ends of the rope between Katie&#8217;s legs, sliding one length on either side of the plump lips of her pussy. Once past, she twisted the rope twice and then brought it up to the tight belt she had tied around the young girl&#8217;s waist, and forced the twin strands between the tightly tied lengths.

Katie grunted and moaned as the rope was pulled tight, squeezing her labia together as each strand was pulled towards the other by the cruel twists. Her pussy was pinched, each tender lip squashed into the other. Lauren finished by tying her hands to the dangling strands at her waist. She stood back and admired her handiwork. It wasn&#8217;t the neatest, she could see a number of places where the ties could be improved but it would hold this little slut until she got back. As if on cue, two short beeps sounded from the front of the house.

&#8220;Be good,&#8221; Lauren said as she left the kitchen, sending a gentle caress down the side of Katie&#8217;s left breast as she turned to go.

The soft flesh still stung from the vicious slap she had received but her owner&#8217;s tender caress was like a balm, cooling the burning skin. That one, small touch lifted Katie&#8217;s spirits more than she could have ever imagined. Was Lauren really mad with her? Would she have touched her like that if she was? Had she been bound so severely, not because Lauren was angry at her, but because her recent behaviour had made her owner think it would be necessary? She knew it was her fault, and hers alone, that she was in her current predicament. If she had behaved maybe Lauren would have taken her along to wherever it was she was going. Or maybe, at the very least, she would have been left unrestrained.

&#8220;Bye Miss,&#8221; Katie whispered as she leaned her head against the wall, knowing Lauren could not possibly have heard her, instantly feeling such an incredible sense of loss at the absence of her owner. She tried to fight back the tears but realised it was a battle she could not win and soon gave in to her emotions. She stood, sobbing against the wall until no more tears would come. She straightened, finally, realising she couldn&#8217;t afford to stand here feeling sorry for herself any longer. She just had to do better and she had to start now.

She blinked away her tears, and straightened her body, her resolve strengthening. She had work to do and she vowed she would do it so well that Lauren would be happy once more. All she wanted was to see her owner smile again. She sniffed, and sniffed again, trying to clear her nose of the maddening build-up of slimy mucus. She realised, to her horror, that the long string of frothy goo that hung from her nose was beyond her ability to remove. She unconsciously licked her lips, instantly regretting her action as she felt her tongue slide over the slick slime that trickled from her nose.

Katie&#8217;s tongue darted back inside her mouth as she cringed at the strange sensation. There was an odd taste in her mouth, but it was almost as if it was no taste at all. She hurried over to the oven and looked at herself in the shiny surface. She wasn&#8217;t allowed upstairs and that was the only mirror she knew of. The young girl looked at her strangely distorted visage and felt fresh tears well in her puffy eyes. A thick, glutinous rope of translucent slime hung from the tip of her nose. There was no way her hands could reach her face to clean it and she had tried and failed to sniff it back into her nose, though once she had seen the bubbly mess, she was glad she had not succeeded. 

She had work to do, four rooms to vacuum at the very least and she had no idea how long Lauren would be gone. If she didn't get a move on now, she would only be in more trouble. The thought of displeasing her owner once more caused her chest to tighten as if a thousand tonnes of heavy metal suddenly crashed upon her. But she couldn't go strolling around the house with this sticky muck dangling from her nose. It was disgusting, she was disgusting.

Katie looked around the kitchen, careful to keep the movements of her head slow and gentle, not wanting the clear ooze to swing any closer to her mouth. How the fuck was she going to get this filth off her face? She just couldn't walk around like this. The terrible thought, that she should leave it there because she did not have permission to clean it, flashed briefly. She didn't care if it was even true, she just couldn't stay like this.

Her gaze rested on the wide stainless-steel sink as her only option. She stepped carefully forward and leaned down over the sink, the ropes on either side of her pussy, pinching the sensitive skin uncomfortably. Katie tried to ignore the distress of her body and focused on cleaning her nose. She pushed her face down close to the edge of the sink and scraped her nose across the smooth metal edge.

The young girl straightened up and almost began to cry again as all she had accomplished was to leave a small moist smear on the shiny silver metal. The tenacious discharge still clung to her nose. Katie choked back the fresh tears, knowing she could not afford to cry anymore, after all it was the reason she was here at the sink in the first place.

She bent once more and wiped her nose across the edge of the sink, again and again, back and forth, trying frantically to dislodge the mucilagenous mess. She snuffled and jerked and twisted her nose and stood finally to see the large, clear blob slide slowly down the side of the stainless steel sink. 

The naked schoolgirl's face coloured with the shame of what she had done and she reached for the tap, stepping high on her toes,&nbsp; desperate to wash away the evidence of her humiliation. She could still feel a small remnant of the gluey material clinging to her nose and upper lip but that she could live with. The tap turned on finally and she splashed the vertical stream with her right hand until enough water had reached the slow-moving ooze and loosened the mucus-grip. She breathed a sigh of relief as she watched the ropey mass slide down the sink and out of sight. Now she could get to work. 

Katie scurried into the laundry and opened the cupboard. Inside she saw the vacuum, an ironing board, brooms and mops: all the cleaning apparatus she would no doubt one day need to use. Right now, she needed the vacuum. Luckily, it was right in front and she quickly reached in and drew it out. 

It was difficult for her to bend down and manouevre the small round unit so instead she dragged it along by the handle, letting the corrugated plastic hose, that joined handle and unit, take up the slack. She walked backwards into the kitchen and on into the lounge, contemplating just how in the hell she was going to manipulate this machine.

She managed to get the cord extended and plugged in with a minimum of fuss but it was as she lifted the long steel pole that she would need to push across the floor, that she realised this would be no simple task. She had previously vacuumed on exactly one occasion and then it had only been her bedroom. Well, there was no time like the present, she thought, stepping on the switch with her foot, the vacuum instantly humming into life.

She couldn't hold the pole in both hands so she took it in her right and slid it back and forth across the carpeted floor of the loungeroom. Katie grew more frustrated with each ineffectual motion. She couldn't exert enough downward force with her hands tied so awkwardly. The head of the vacuum simply skidded across the floor. 

Katie threw the handle to the floor and stomped her feet, her frustration and anger getting the better of her. She instantly regretted the petulant outburst and bent down to collect the shiny steel pole. Her childish tantrum did her no credit, doing nothing but wasting precious time and causing her only more pain. It hurt to bend down, the rope bound so severely around her waist, pinching with each movement. 

Katie spent the next thirty minutes grunting and sweating as she slowly moved from room to room, cleaning the floors as her owner had commanded. The stringy mucus had long since dried into cracking crystal, joining the lumpy remains of her breakfast in making a mess of her pretty young face. Sweat ran down her body in rivulets, moistening the tight rope at her waist. 

Vacuuming the lower floor of Lauren's house was one of the hardest things she had ever done. She was out of breath and fever-hot as she finally returned the vacuum to the laundry cupboard. The rope at her wrists and waist had surpassed uncomfortable long ago, each movement increasing the pain she felt, but it was the twin strands that framed her pussy that caused her the most distress. 

The twisted rope had tightened as she had vacuumed, moving closer together, squeezing her plump labia. The tender skin felt as if it was being rubbed raw and there was nothing she could do. She had tried walking with her legs apart in an exaggerated waddle but that had only seemed to tighten the infernal rope's grip on her delicate flesh.

By the time she had completed the first room she had given up on any kind of comfort, simply accepted the reality of her bondage and set to her task, focusing only on pleasing Lauren. Her first job completed, she removed the small dusting cloth from the shelf in the cupboard and hurried back to the lounge.

She needed to make up some time. She had wasted so much time crying like an idiot, something she regretted each moment she had spent cleaning. She couldn't afford to displease Lauren again and what had she done instead of throwing herself into her task, she had felt sorry for herself and bawled like a little girl. 

She tried to push such negative thoughts aside and focus on the dusting. She wasn't entirely sure what she was doing so she simply wiped every surface she could reach. She had soon finished wiping down the TV, the last part of the room to which she needed to attend, when she heard a car door slam from the front of the house.

Lauren was home. She could barely contain her excitement, the joyous nervousness in her belly tempered only by the anxious feeling that hovered about her. Had she done enough? Had she cleaned well enough? Would Lauren be satisfied with her work?

The naked schoolgirl hurried into the laundry to replace the dusting cloth, suddenly worried that Lauren would not be alone when she came back to the house. Was she just being silly? She wasn't sure, but standing in the front door, naked and trussed like a prize pig, wasn't the best idea. She hovered in the laundry, straining her ears to listen for the sounds that would let her know if it was safe or not.

Katie heard the door open and close, the nervous tension that gripped her rising in intensity with each passing moment. The wait was maddening. She felt as if she needed to scream, or do something to give herself away. She had to fight the urge, wondering what the hell was wrong with her that she couldn't just stay silent for a few seconds.

"Where's my pussywhistle?"

Katie scurried from her hiding place, her fears forgotten, totally buried by the overwhelming sense of unbridled joy that burst within her. She walked as quickly as she could into the front hall, eager to be reunited with her owner. She would have run but the cruelly tight ropes that bound her made it impossible. 

She beamed a smile at Lauren as she saw her standing inside the front door. Her owner's fresh-faced beauty dazzled the young girl and the mere sight of her lover made her almost lose control of her bladder in excitement. 

"Now Kitty, is that the correct way a slave greets her owner?"

Katie fell to her knees and kissed the tops of Lauren's sneakers. She gasped at the painful position but the obedient schoolgirl ignored the sharp spikes of pain that shot through her body, eager to please, finding comfort in her subservience now her owner had returned. She rested her body back on her heels and looked up at Lauren. 

Katie's heart almost burst when she saw Lauren's small, approving smile. Everything she had gone through was suddenly worthwhile: the pain of her tight bonds, the frustration of her first pitiful attempts to vacuum, the still-fresh memory of the humiliation she had felt as she had tried to wipe her runny nose.

"Have you been a good Kitty?"

Katie couldn't breathe. She wanted to reply but she just couldn't make the words come, her only answer the small, salty tears that welled in her tight, sore eyes. Lauren saw the young girl's distress, keenly aware of her eagerness to answer and also of her inability to do so. 

"Fetch your leash and we'll see what you got up to while I was away."

Katie scrambled to her feet and rushed into the kitchen desperate to prolong Lauren's current mood. Her leash had been put on top of the kitchen counter, pushed right to the back. There was no way she could reach it with her bound hands, so, without wasting a moment, she leaned over the counter and secured the chain in her mouth. She dragged the leash across the counter, the metal links scraping noisily on the hard plastic surface.

Katie hurried back to the front door, the dangling leash bumping against her bared breasts with each step. She sank to her knees and presented the leash as best she could. Lauren retrieved the leash and fixed it to the young girl's collar. Katie followed obediently as her owner led her on a tour of the ground-floor rooms, checking the carpet at random points. Despite the murmurs of approval, Katie couldn't dispel the growing anxiety she felt. There was nothing she could do now, but she silently wished she had done more, worked harder. 

"Did you finish in time to dust?"
"Yes Miss," Katie gushed, a little too keen to impress.
"How much did you get done?
"I dusted the entire lounge Miss," the young girl replied, a little hint of pride creeping into her timid speech.
"Oh really." The note of challenge in Lauren's voice filled Katie with dread. She hadn't been boasting, she had just wanted to please. 
"Miss, I-"
"Uh-uh Kitty, let's see first shall we."

Katie followed her owner like a little puppy, each step feeling like it was one closer to the gallows of her own making. Lauren sauntered around the room, her slave in tow, sliding her finger across a surface here, leaning down to inspect the top of the TV cabinet in another light. Katie inspected her owner as intently as Lauren inspected the room, absently nibbling her lower lip as she did so.

It was not until Lauren stepped up to the lamp, reached down the top of the shade and slid her finger across the top of the bulb that Katie knew she had come unstuck. The thought to dust the lightbulbs had never even entered her brain. She knew she would be punished, she could only hope that Lauren wasn't mad as well. 

"Now Kitty," Lauren said, displaying her dust-coated finger to the forlorn girl, "What did you say you did?"
"I'm sor-"
"I won't ask you again. A slave answers each and every question she is asked. Do so."
"I dusted the entire lounge, Miss."
"Telling lies is not something I will tolerate, Kitty." Katie opened her mouth to speak but quickly closed it again when she saw Lauren cock her head to one side, left eyebrow raised, an unspoken warning to think carefully about her actions. "However," Lauren said stressing the word, making Katie cringe, knowing she should have trusted her owner, "I think your claim was one of stupidity and not a lie. Is that right, hmmm?
"Yes Miss," Katie whispered meekly.
"Yes what?"
"Yes Miss, I was stupid."
"Yes, Kitty, you were."

Lauren dragged the captive teenager to the couch and pushed her over the arm, bending her at the waist and forcing her firm, white buttocks into the air. Lauren rained blows down upong the tender mounds, already striped from the earlier caning. Katie writhed underneath the punishing spanking, her movements only adding to the pain that filled her young body, but she couldn't do anything else, she simply could not remain still under the flurry of strikes that impacted her soft buttocks. As suddenly as it began, the spanking stopped and she was dragged to her feet by her leash. 

"Now Kitty, do you have anythign to say?"
"Sorry Miss," the sobbing teen managed beneath gasps. "Sorry for being stupid."
"There you go," Lauren said placatingly. "Feel better now?"
"Yes Miss," Katie admitted, a little amazed at the relief she felt after having apologised.
"Ok then, let's get you cleaned up. We have things to do today you know."

Katie followed her owner upstairs to the bathroom constantly aware of the leash at her neck, wondering again, how the sensation of wearing the short length of chain could override the other feelings that roiled inside her.

"You are such a mess. What have you been doing Kitty?" Lauren asked as she stood beside Katie, both young girls looking into the bathroom mirror. "This is your breakfast," Lauren said, pointing to a small brown smear on her cheek, "but what's all this around your mouth?"

Katie blushed instantly and deeply. She would have given anything for her humiliation to have remained a secret, but she should have known better than to attempt to keep anything from Lauren. 

"Um. Ah, Miss that's from my nose. I... Miss when you had left I couldn't help it, I cried and my nose got all runny and there was so much and I couldn't stop it and I couldn't hardly breathe and there was so much and I put it in the sink Miss, I scraped my nose on the sink and washed it away."
"Ok Kitty, don't start crying again. I'm glad I didn't see the disgusting display and I don't particularly want a repeat performance. Kitty," Lauren said, resting a hand in the small of her back, just below the tied lengths of rope wrapped around her waist, "I said no more crying. We're going out and you want to look pretty for me don't you?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, sniffing back her tears and biting her lip to stop it trembling.
&#8220;Then hush.&#8221;

Lauren stepped past the upset girl and began to run the taps in the sink, first placing the tiny white plug in the drain. The sink filled quickly, Katie using the time to calm her wild emotions, the soft caresses of her owner&#8217;s hand across the smooth skin of her lower back helping. Lauren wouldn&#8217;t do that if she was mad. She&#8217;d just smack her again, or worse, just leave her by herself until she calmed down. Katie tried to ignore the heat that radiated from her buttocks but the recent spanking had left her red-bottomed and in pain. She knew it would pass, just as she knew the sting from the cane would be with her much longer, eventually turning into a deep ache that would spike whenever they were touched. She had no one to blame but herself. She had learnt though and that was the important thing.

Once the small sink was full, Lauren gathered Katie&#8217;s hair together and tidied up her dishevelled ponytail. Even with the unsightly brown smears and the disgusting dried crust of mucus marring her face, Lauren still found the schoolgirl unfailingly cute. Her eyes were red and puffy and Lauren could see a tiny dribble of the clear liquid that had troubled her earlier forming in her nostrils and still she was attractive. Her jet-black hair framed her face, cutting across her forehead in a sharp line, a style not of her choosing but one that suited the young girl perfectly.

Lauren unleashed the teenager&#8217;s collar and put the short chain to one side, no longer needing the extra control. She took a firm grip at the base of Katie&#8217;s freshly bound ponytail and pulled the young girl&#8217;s body a few steps back from the counter. Katie followed her owner&#8217;s directions obediently, bending at the waist and lowering her body, feeling the pinch of the ropes as her face closed in on the smooth surface of the full sink. She realised what was going to happen only moments before her face was plunged into the cool water, her entire face quickly submerged. She tried to remain calm, trusting in her owner, but the mere fact that she couldn&#8217;t move, couldn&#8217;t prevent this in any way, caused the panic to rise, her body tensing as she lost her composure.

Just as she was about to begin thrashing, Lauren pulled her head from the sink, allowing her one gasping breath, before forcing her back beneath the surface of the disturbed water. Katie&#8217;s hands scrabbled for purchase at the edge of the counter, but only her fingertips could reach and they were worse than useless, giving her constant false hope that she could in some way affect her circumstance. Her face was suddenly yanked from the water once more and she quickly sucked in some shallow breaths.

&#8220;That should be loosened up enough,&#8221; Lauren commented absently, more to herself than for the gasping teen&#8217;s benefit.

Once again, Katie found herself under the water, panic beginning immediately. She had been mid-breath when Lauren had forced her under for the third time. She couldn&#8217;t last too long this time. Her left hand holding the young girl secure, Lauren&#8217;s right slid in under the water and began rubbing the congealed mess from Katie&#8217;s face. The distressed teen jumped at the first touch but quickly settled herself, knowing that the quicker Lauren could finish the sooner she would be released, free to breathe fresh air once more. 

She tried to remain still as her owner&#8217;s hand rubbed and scrubbed her dirty face. She submitted to the indignity of having her face cleaned in such a cursory way but there was nothing she could do, even if she had chosen to. She winced as her lips were mashed roughly against her teeth as Lauren scraped the dried crystalline goo from her face. She was almost out of breath, her chest heaving, feet stamping futilely against the tiled floor, when Lauren finally pulled her, gasping, from the water.

She was allowed to stand upright, cold water cascading from her face to fall onto her pert breasts only to run down her body and soak the already damp rope at waist and wrist. Katie coughed once to clear the trickle of cool water that had entered her open mouth and glanced morosely at her owner, looking for all the world like a bedraggled cat. Lauren couldn&#8217;t help but laugh at the sorry sight of the young girl, water dripping down her naked body, bottom lip pouting sullenly. Katie&#8217;s eyes brightened slightly at the wonderful sound of her owner&#8217;s laughter, but she couldn&#8217;t find it in her to smile.

&#8220;Ok, Kitty, let&#8217;s get you out of those ropes.&#8221;

At that, Katie did manage a feeble smile, glad that she would finally be free of the frustrating and painful bondage. It took Lauren almost ten minutes to unravel the myriad layers of restraint. Katie stood as still as she could, her body tugged from side to side as the ropes were untied and eventually removed. Her dripping face contorted with grimace after gasping grimace as the blood flowed back into her extremities and the tender flesh of belly and pudenda was finally free of the cruel pinching restraints. Lauren had not wanted to stop the process, once it had begun, but she had noticed something as she slid the rope through the young girl&#8217;s legs that bore further investigation.

&#8220;Bend over Kitty. No, just at the waist. Good girl,&#8221; Lauren said, patting her red buttocks gently.

Katie bent at the waist, keeping her hands behind her back, knowing that was where they should be and comforted by the knowledge. She resisted the urge to step forward when she felt a touch at her pussy, the sensitive flesh still tender from the recent bindings. Her lips were clasped and pulled apart gently by her owner's warm fingers.

"Oh Kitty," Lauren exclaimed. Katie blushed, having some idea what Lauren had found so enticing. "Wait."

Lauren disappeared, leaving the shivering young girl standing at attention in the middle of the bathroom. Katie glanced at herself in the mirror, her face wet and flushed, looking desolate and bereft of dignity. How could Lauren think she was pretty? How could she want to look at her like this. Even from this distance she could see the red marks from the rope on her white flesh, an imparted remnant of the discomfort she had suffered.

"Ok, down on the floor, no up on the counter. Hop up, just on the edge, good girl. Now spread your legs, heels up on the edge too. Now pull that fat cunt apart Kitty, gently."

Katie followed Lauren's instructions, her shame intensifying along with the shade of scarlet that coloured her cheeks. Lauren had her camera in hand and Katie dreaded what was to come. 

"Soft and creamy. You're so cute, Kitty, I could just eat you up."

Katie's lips twitched at Lauren's words and the visions they forged in the crucible of her malleable young mind. The timid smile disappeared as if it had never been when she heard the click of the camera, knowing her humiliation was captured forever. 

"Stay just like that. We can't have that go to waste, Kitty. I could eat you up, but instead you are going to."

Katie's narrowed eyes followed Lauren like a hawk, widening to reveal their pretty green depths when she saw the two spoons that were drawn from the back pocket of her owner's shorts. Any ambiguity in Lauren's last statement was washed away as the shiny silver cutlery dipped towards her salaciously spread sex.

The young girl felt the savage bite of her degradation tempered by a frail excitement as she felt the cool weight of the smaller spoon penetrate her slick cleft. Katie could not help but watch, her eyes drawn to the spectacle between her widespread legs. She perched precariously on the edge of the counter as she watched her owner spoon thick blobs of cream from her pussy, scraping the sexual secretion into the concave scoop of the larger dessert spoon that Lauren had positioned beneath her vagina.

Katie breathed out slowly, a barely audible, sensual sigh, as she watched the silver surface disappear. She knew she would soon be tasting what she could already smell, the strong, heady musk carried directly to her brain on unseen currents. The humiliation of the revealing position, of being made to open her most intimate region, of the realisation that her arousal had lingered and swelled while her owner was gone, was almost completely drowned by the fresh desire she felt as Lauren stepped between her legs, slid one hand gently around her neck and leaned in towards her, feeding the young girl the full spoon of cream.

Katie's mouth opened obediently, her eyes never leaving the hauntingly pale orbs of her owner. Lauren was only inches away and the nude girl could feel the warmth of her body. The spoon entered her waiting mouth and she closed her lips around it, hugging the smooth surface as it was tipped upwards and slowly removed. 

Katie felt the glutinous ooze slide across her tongue, drowning her tastebuds in the intoxicating flavour of her sex. She relished the taste, savouring it for a brief instant before swallowing. She opened her mouth to show her owner what she had done, her eyes sparkling with a momentary mischief, the genesis of which she could not explain.

Lauren's pulse quickened at Katie's repsonse. She drew her body closer, abandoning the now empty spoon, sliding her hands along the young girl's damp skin, eventually resting on the ridged indentations at her waist. She traced the marks left by the rope as she kissed the expectantly parted lips, quieting the schoolgirl's soft panting.

The pain and frustration of the morning was washed away with that one tender caress. Katie lost herself in the delicate meeting of lips. The moment stretched, time slowing to the speed of the motes of dust that floated in the shaft of muted light from the bathroom window. 

The kiss left Katie gulping for air, as if she had forgotten how to breathe. She looked at her lover, her lust battling with the sudden embarrassment she felt at the astonishing strength of her feelings, the irresistable passion that all but overwhelmed her. She could see from Lauren's eyes, the widely dilated pupils pushing back the achingly clear-blue irises until they were but a pale sliver of colour, that her owner felt it too. 

"Come, Kitty," Lauren breathed huskily, before gathering her frayed emotions, "we have to get you ready."

Lauren took the young girl's hand and helped her down from the counter before leading her to the centre of the room. Katie stood still, happy for her owner to take control, and surrendered her body to the attentions of her classmate. Lauren soothingly dried her body, wiping away the remaining water, moving the compliant limbs as if posing a mannequin. 

Katie stood in a daze of contentment, the rigours of the morning forgotten. Once dry, Lauren discarded the towel and gently caressed the soft mounds on the teenager's chest. Her nipples hardened instantly, as if a tightly wound spring was suddenly released within the tender meat of her breast, pushing the tight pink buds to attention. Katie trotted devotedly behind her owner as she was led from the bathroom to be prepared for the remainder of the day.


















Chapter 16. Silhouettes and Shadows

"Toothey peggling brushingtons."

Katie couldn't help but smile at the cuteness of her classmate. She had begun to notice that Lauren liked to make up words, adding extra syllables, making them sound childish and adorable. The smile faded a little as she was handed a toothbrush, a small pink plastic brush with a cartoon princess on the tiny handle. 

She took the offered item, glad that her owner had thought enough about her to provide her very own toothbrush, but a little embarrassed at the childish style that had been chosen. She spread a small worm of bright white paste along the tiny bristles, leaned over the sink and brushed her teeth as Lauren watched her in the mirror.

She tried not to look at her owner, knowing that if she did so, the intense scrutiny of this mundane activity would have her blushing. She was tired of feeling her cheeks flush with the warmth of the emotions she could not control. The very thought of her owner's eyes upon her, the thought of the heat filling her flesh, burning from within, was like a self-fulfilling prophecy.

She closed her eyes as she felt the blaze begin. No, she chastised, stop it. But the process had progressed too far. She bit down on the bristles of the brush, angry at herself, at her body for working against her. Her nudity didn't help. She had thought that when Lauren had led her into the bedroom she would finally be allowed to dress, but her owner had simply sat her down and applied makeup to her face. 

Katie usually did her own and it was a strange, and interesting, sensation to have someone else fuss over her face. Her body tingled at the intimacy of the act, her owner so close, her warm breath wafting across her face. She had not expected anything more than the standard mascara and eyeliner that she was allowed and was surprised when Lauren had her part her lips and delicately applied a shiny pink gloss. 

Katie looked at herself in the mirror as she finished brushing, aware of how pretty she looked, drawing confidence from the knowledge that Lauren found her pleasing. She dabbed at her mouth with the handtowel, amazed that the lipgloss Lauren had applied had not completely been removed. She could still feel the shiny coating on her lips and pursed them now just to make sure.

"Attention, Kitty. You know better than that."

Katie stood up straight, ashamed by her owner's scolding. She did know better. She had been preoccupied by her thoughts - shallow, selfish thoughts - on her own appearance. She was supposed to look pretty for Lauren and yet she knew that was no excuse for forgetting her training. She accepted the reprimand silently and promised to do better.

Lauren was already dressed, and this time it was not simply in her underwear. She wore an adorable floral skirt that hung delicately almost to her knee, the soft material bouncing and swaying with each movement she made. The plain white blouse, that completed the outfit suited the skirt perfectly. It was a modest blouse buttoning almost all the way to her neck, though Lauren had teasingly left the top two buttons undone. Katie wasn't sure what her owner had on beneath the pretty ensemble but she longed to see. Her back had been turned while Lauren dressed, her focus on the slow prancing she had been ordered to perform. Katie stood still and watched as Lauren bushed her own teeth, using an adult-sized brush. She knew it was wrong to let the distinction bother her, but it had been made and she had learnt by now that she simply wasn't capable of ignoring the feelings that coursed, unbidden, through her young body.

"Pee," Lauren said, looking at Katie in the mirror, small drops of toothpaste dribbling down her lips. 

Katie hurried to the toilet ashamed by her eagerness. Having her bodily functions controlled by another was disturbing, but the way in which she accepted, the way her body moved almost instinctively to obey, concerned her more. Obedience was one thing but such ready acquiescence was something she didn't quite understand and which made her just a little afraid.

"Ok, Kitty, as much as I know you like showing off that slutty little body, we need to get you dressed. Little tease," Lauren said smilingly, as she walked towards the door. "Come, Kitty."

At the snap casual snap of fingers, Katie scurried after her owner like a devoted puppy. Choice was a word that had no meaning for her now but still, when Lauren treated her this way, she felt her slavery, the reality of life as the property of another so intensely she could barely think or feel anything else.

"Panties, Kitty, pink."

Katie stepped into the closet and rifled through the small pile of clothes she had been instructed to bring. She had two pairs of pink panties, but she had only been ordered to bring one. She collected the small, sheer garment and slid it up her legs. This was the first time she had worn these since modelling them briefly for the photo to document them for her wardrobe. The tiny g-string felt delicious against her bare skin, the sheer material cupping her vulva, creating a pretty mound out of her plump labia. She could see the split of her lips through the translucent material and felt a sensual shiver of delight at the sight and feel of the sexy underwear. 

"Oh, yes Kitty. Those are... Kitty come over here, let me feel."

Katie's belly flipped nervously as she stepped forward and presented her panty-clad pussy for her owner's inspection. She moaned softly, her thighs edging closer together, as Lauren's warm hand slid over her sex, caressing the sensitive flesh through the thin material. 

"Heels. Now the black dress."

Katie had known it was coming, she didn't know how, but she knew. Even so, she paused for a moment at Lauren's command. She had worn the dress only once, for a special family dinner, and she had spent the entire night playing with it. How did Lauren know about all the items of clothing that had lain languishing in her closet, unworn and forgotten. They seemed to make up the majority of her wardrobe now. Maybe there was more truth in Lauren's words than she had thought. She had obviously bought them for a reason. Even though modesty had prevailed, had it been the slut in her that had been attracted to the revealing clothing in the first place?

Katie unhooked the dress from the hanger and slipped it over her head. It was a tight garment, the elastic material stretching over her body like a glove as she pulled it down over her breasts, past her fluttering belly and finally covering the smooth curves of her buttocks. The dress only came halfway to her knees but the young girl knew the battle she would have keeping it there. She adjusted the small sleeves that did little more cover her shoulders and turned to display her body for her owner.

"Well, well Kitty, don't you look classy. Ooh la la. Um, needs something more though," mused Lauren, absently tapping her lips with the index finger of her right hand. "Here we are."

Lauren came back from her dresser holding up a hairband triumphantly. It was a light shade of green that almost perfectly matched Katie's eyes, a delicate green bow attached to the plastic curve. Lauren slid it over the top of Katie's head, seating it to her desire as her classmate stood patiently, submitting to the intimate act of being dressed as if born to it. After the morning Katie had been through, she was finding her submission easier to accept, at times not even noticing her obedience until it was over.

"Just touch up your lips," said Lauren grabbing the lipgloss from her desk and painting the schoolgirl's parted lips with a fresh, shiny coating. "There, now grab your purse and we're off."

Katie's cheeks mottled as she thought about what she would be carrying for the rest of the day. Her dildo was like her American Express card, though all it ever bought for her was humiliation. She was back in the centre of the room in a matter of seconds, her hands once again behind her back, but this time clasping the small black purse through which she could feel the hard ridges of her glass dildo.

"Stand over by the wall Kitty, I just have to get you like this. You probably don't even know how adorable you are. Do you?"
"No Miss," Katie replied demurely, though a tiny smile played upon her lips. She had some idea but she still wasn't comfortable with having her picture taken. She knew it was silly; no, beyond silly. She knew it was stupid, knowing the archive of material her owner already had, but she still felt incredibly self-conscious every time Lauren produced her camera.

Katie posed for more than just the one photo she had expected. Lauren wanted to see her at attention, standing casually, leaning against the door, standing by the window, seated on the bed, her purse resting daintily in her lap. She posed obediently, doing her best to make Lauren happy, marvelling, even during the midst of the cajoling, how easily her owner was able to get the pose and expression she wanted. Katie didn't think she had a talent for modelling, she was sure it was simply that Lauren had a power that radiated from her very words. It held such command and despite her remnant instincts of dignity and misplaced modesty, she found herself obeying.

"Come on pussywhistle. We don't want to miss our bus," Lauren said, throwing her camera on the bed and snatching her small shoulder bag. 

Katie was led by the hand, out the door and down the stairs. She was already lamenting her owner's choice of clothes. The tight dress had ridden up her thighs as she hurried down the steps behind her. She adjusted it once, halfway down and again once they reached the bottom of the short flight of stairs. It stretched to accommodate her movements, hugging every curve of her young body, but not enough. It seemed to ride up an inch with each step.

She paused outside the front door to wait for Lauren to lock the house, sneaking quick peeks at the neighbourhood. It was barely past nine in the morning, but the street was buzzing with activity. She could see children playing, their squeals as they bounced on a trampoline making her smile at their innocent whimsy. Further down the block a group of young boys were playing hockey in the street, their game suffering interruptions from the occasional slow-moving car. 

"Come on Kitty, we don't have time for daydreaming."

Lauren was halfway down the walk before Katie even moved. That was what you could do when you wore flat shoes, Katie thought as she struggled to catch the swiftly moving girl. She had almost closed the gap by the time she had reached the sidewalk, though Lauren was a good five feet in front of her still. She hadn't wanted to but she resorted to swift, mincing steps to try and catch her owner, instantly feeling her breasts bounce, knowing the display she was providing the neighbourhood. 

She had not been allowed a bra and her young breasts bobbed and swayed with each snappy step. The tight, elastic material of her dress was her only protection and she may as well have been wearing nothing for all the support it provided to her pert young bosom. The low-cut dress showed off a tantalising amount of cleavage, the strained material stretching across her firm mounds, creating an empty space between, where, from the right angle, you could see past the firm young flesh and down into the shadowy cavern of her cleavage. There were so many things wrong with this dress she lamented as she once again pulled the rising hem down past her thighs.

They were half way down the block before she caught up with her owner. Lauren didn't slow down once Katie reached her side, continuing with the same swift gait that made the young girl struggle with each step. Every ten feet she leaned down and adjusted her dress, the action slowing her down, forcing her to, once again, trot faster to catch her classmate. The scurrying schoolgirl was startled by the loud blast of a car-horn from behind her. She turned to see a car stopped by four young hockey-playing boys standing in the middle of the road. She knew why the car had needed to sound its horn, the sheepish grins and continuing glances in her direction removing any doubt. She couldn't blame them, she knew how she looked, the slim black dress hugging her figure, accentuating her firm bosom that moved so enticingly without support.

"Come on Kitty, we don't have time for you to show off."

Katie hurried after Lauren, blushing at her owner's words. She knew she was only teasing but she couldn't help but feel that on some level Lauren believed it might have been part of her slut nature to try and show off her body. Even if that were the case, and she didn't think it was, she knew to whom she belonged. She didn't want anyone else to see her.

"Play with your dress once more and you will be punished. You may adjust your outfit once upon standing from a seated position, anything more is simply disrespectful."

Katie's hands snapped away from her dress like a child caught with a hand in the cookie jar. She cringed as she walked beside her owner, feeling the elastic material begin to creep up her thigh with each step. As they neared the bus stop she looked down her body to see far more white thigh than she wished. The little black dress had become littler, creeping up her legs until it seemed to reach a static point barely inches below her buttocks. 

Lauren sat down on the end of the bench and took her phone from her bag, leaving Katie to stand beside her, looking forlornly down her body. She hadn't touched her dress for some time and it had somehow managed to reach a comfortable balance, a humiliatingly revealing one but a balance nonetheless. It was the nature of the material to never truly appear bunched but almost the entire length of her smooth young legs was on display, the black of the dress providing a stark line of contrast barely two inches below the curve of her buttocks. 

She knew she was being naughty, but she dared not stand at attention. She was afraid of what the additional stretching would do, fearing that if the dress travelled any higher it would reveal the sheer pink panties underneath, and beneath that transparent material the full mound of her bare vulva. She envisioned it now, the softly curved lips of her pussy cupped delicately, as if covered by pretty pink fairy wings. Her lips parted subconsciously at the sensual thoughts. Katie saw movement out of the corner of her eye and turned towards it, worried at what fresh humiliation company could bring. Four young girls, much younger, thirteen at the oldest, had come to wait for the bus, happily chatting amongst themselves. Their conversation and light, musical laughter, paused when they saw the two girls already waiting at the bus stop.

"Hi Lauren," said the foremost girl, a pretty little blond girl in jeans and t-shirt.
"Hey Amber, how's it going?"
"Cool."
"How's your sis, she missed practice last week."
"Ha ha, she got caught with a boy and got grounded. He wasn't even from our school."

Katie stood silently as the conversation continued, all four girls now involved, laughing at a joke Lauren made. The young girl felt as if she didn't exist at all. No one had acknowledged her, no one had even commented on her presence. With a group of girls only feet away she felt incredibly alone. Her nose began to tingle and she bit her lip, trying to forestall the tears she knew were coming. The thought that her owner didn't care she was there was too much for the vulnerable schoolgirl. It was just then that she felt a touch on her calf. It was barely a touch at all and she shifted her leg imperceptibly, thinking only that an insect was crawling over her skin. Her leg quivered as it came again and it was only when she looked down to confirm her theory that she realised the truth.

Katie's heart burst with joy, all thoughts of self-pity dashed by the wave of pure happiness that flooded her entire body. One finger, one tiny, petite finger, gently caressed the bare skin of her calf. It was there and then it was gone, leaving the young girl wondering if it had really happened at all. But the overwhelming emotion that made her skin tingle reassured her. Lauren continued to talk to the young girls but Katie no longer minded the exclusion. It had been such a small gesture, the most meagre of contacts, but she could ask for no more. Her owner had not forgotten her. Her owner had thought enough of her to let her know she really did exist. She could still feel the touch on her leg, the ghost of sensation comforting her almost as much. 

She waited patiently for the bus to arrive, smiling sweetly to herself as she listened to her owner's conversation. She wasn't really following what was being said, the sound of Lauren's voice enough to provide her the contentment she desired. When it finally came, Lauren allowed the young girls to get on the bus first, with Katie bringing up the rear. As she stepped up into the bus she felt her dress ride higher. It didn't have much to go, any higher and she would be revealing a part of her that was only for her owner. Lauren paid for both girls and as they moved down the aisle between the seats, Katie stuck to the body of her owner like a shadow.

Lauren found an empty seat and sat down, shuffling across to sit by the window. Katie remained standing, looking down at her owner pleadingly. Her dress had indeed moved higher, now barely covering her ass. She was sure if someone bent down they would be able to see up her dress, something could not bear to happen. Her hands twitched as she readied herself to misbehave. She knew she was being naughty but she couldn't stop herself, the compulsion to cover her body becoming unbearable.

Lauren patted the seat beside her and Katie was down in less time than it took to blink. She kept her legs an inch apart, as she had been taught and glanced down. There was a glimpse of pink beneath the edge of her dress, a deeper pink than that of her pussy. Her hands instantly moved to her lap, clutching the small dildo-filled purse and hiding her underwear from view. Katie breathed deeply, hoping Lauren wouldn't make her sit with her hands by her side. She knew her hands and small purse were all that was keeping any new passengers from glimpsing the pink treasure beneath her dress. Pain exploded in her leg. A small, startled yip escaped her shocked mouth and her head whipped towards Lauren.

"As I was saying Kitty, we have a few things to do today but was there anything you wanted to do first?"

Katie stared at Lauren, dumbfounded. She had slapped her leg, hard, leaving a glowing pink handprint high up on her thigh and she just continued as if nothing had happened. The loud slap had resounded around the bus, drawing the attention of more than half of her fellow passengers. The restless schoolgirl's cheeks blazed under the scrutiny. She couldn't help but wonder what they thought. Had they seen the slap or merely heard the impact? Did they know her for what she was or did they think she was just a naughty girl? But she had to answer Lauren's question, not paying attention was what put her in this humiliating position.

"No thank you Miss," Katie replied hurriedly, forcing herself to look out the window, trying desperately to ignore the continued interest of her fellow passengers.
"Ok then. Mom gave me some money for the weekend so..." Lauren said, a conspiratorial twinkle in her eye. "First we'll pop in and see Jean and we'll take it from there."

Lauren chatted amiably with her girl as the bus took them closer to their destination. Katie quickly forgot the discipline she had received, though her thigh burned during the entire trip, a constant reminder of her place. Chatting with her owner about such everyday things was bliss for the young girl. She was reminded of how charming Lauren was, and how much she knew. Being with her was a constant education and not simply on how best to serve. When there was a slight pause, Katie took her chance.

"Miss was my cleaning acceptable?" 
"Yes Kitty, your cleaning was, your boasting was not."

Katie looked at her lap, feeling her shame. Not knowing if the work she had done that morning had been good enough had been niggling at the young girl ever since. The fact that it had, that it had merely been her stupid statement that had caused her trouble, made her happy that she had pleased Lauren, but ashamed that she had almost ruined it by being stupid. Her reverie was as interrupted as she felt a sharp pinch at her right nipple and jumped at the unexpected touch. Lauren had leant over and with her hand reversed, quickly pinched her nipple between her thumb and the side of her finger. The fingers had more slid across the curve of her breast than truly pinched but her nipple had responded nonetheless. As her eyes flickered frantically around the bus, fearful that the casual use of her body had been witnessed, she heard Lauren's voice, blurred and distant, as if she was underwater.

"A little snip," her owner said, giggling as she did so. "A couple of snips, eh Kitty."

Again, Lauren's hand snaked out quickly and slipped across her now-hard nipple. Katie sat frozen, her face a blazing beacon of embarrassment. Lauren was playing a game and her body was the field. There was nothing she could do but sit quietly and submit. She belonged to Lauren and her owner could use her in any way she wished, wherever and whenever she desired. Katie kept her eyes lowered, only occasionally lifting them to confirm the scrutiny she knew was directed at her. She never caught anyone looking her way but she had no doubt she was the centre of attention. She was convinced that each furtive glance was just a moment too late, her fellow passengers sensing her scrutiny, looking away and feigning indifference, only to return their hungry inspection the moment she looked away. Her nipples had stiffened to their full extent from just the two brief snips of her owner and she felt as if they were almost bursting through the tightness of her dress, expecting, at any moment, to hear a soft ripping sound, two small pink tips of flesh suddenly visible, poking through the stretched black material.

Katie could sense Lauren's happiness, the emotion hovering about the pretty girl like an aura. If it made her owner happy then she should not complain. She was only having fun with her, just one of Lauren's little quirks. Still, Katie kept her eyes lowered, hoping the heat of humiliation would fade, knowing it drew the attention of the other passengers like a moth to a flame. 

The apprehensive schoolgirl smiled then, a soft, secretive smile, her eyes still lowered, as she felt a touch at her side. Lauren drew her hand from the tight grip she had on her purse and pulled it down beside her trapping it between them. Katie&#8217;s body tingled with the thrill. They rode that way until the mall, hands clasped tightly together, the warm touch of her owner exciting the submissive schoolgirl. She could never have believed how delicious it would feel to simply hold hands with another person. It had never been like this with Pete. They were only holding hands, but it felt so much deeper, sensual and intense.

Katie looked at the looming mall, a petulant pout on her face, knowing that it would mean an end to the ride she had begun to enjoy so much. It had been a strange journey. Even though she had relaxed under the touch of her owner, she couldn't forget the too short dress and what it revealed, nor her hard nipples pushing against the tight black material of her dress, a dress that hugged her body like a stocking.

"Wait until everyone else has left the bus before standing . It is always good manners to let others go first. Sit up straight Kitty, you should know better than to slouch."

Katie did as she was told, remaining seated as the bus pulled up to the stop, doors opening with a hiss to allow the passengers to exit. She sat up as straight as she could, her shoulders pressed into the back of the seat. Her shoulders barely moved, she knew she had been sitting quite straight, but she also knew what her posture meant. Anyone passing, indeed anyone standing above her, could see down her dress. She knew what they would see: the soft flesh of her white breasts curving down into darkness, the tight dress stretching between her stiffened nipples, bridging the gap made by her cleavage. She clutched her purse tighter, pushing it down her legs, trying to cover as much of her exposed thigh as she could.

She sat this way as the bus emptied, her anxiety growing as each person walked past her. They were moving too slowly. People didn't walk that slow. She knew they were pausing above her, drinking in the sight of her young, firm breasts displayed so beautifully by the tight dress. Lauren appeared oblivious, playing happily with her phone as the bus emptied. While Katie sat there in a purgatory of paranoia, her owner was unconcerned, checking messages and flipping through pictures. Pictures! The restless schoolgirl focused on the small screen. It took her a few moments to figure out what she was seeing from this angle but she knew it was her, naked, knees up by her face. This was the photo Lauren had taken of her that morning. The detail was low on the tiny screen but the image was unmistakable.

Katie's mouth opened to protest, to remind her owner where they were. If someone should see it, and know it for what it was... How did it even get on her phone? She had taken it with a camera. What exactly did she have on her phone? Katie could not help but think about her own and what it contained. She had not removed the video of her in the chemistry lab. She had to remember to ask if she could.

"Up."

Katie got smoothly to her feet, immediately pulling her dress far down her thighs. She was only permitted to adjust it once so she made the most of her singular allowance. The little black dress was now at full stretch, almost halfway down her thighs. Katie felt much better, comfortable in the knowledge that she was in no immediate danger of exposure. She hurried down the aisle of the bus, trying to keep ahead of Lauren. Her face went suddenly pale as she reached the door. She would have to step down out of the bus. She remembered what had happened on the step up, her one adjustment would be entirely wasted. Could she keep her legs together and jump? Not in these heels.

The moment had come to depart and inspiration struck the nervous teen. She grabbed the poles leading out and half jumped, half slid out of the bus, trying to support as much of her weight as possible with her arms. She kept her legs together and almost yelled in triumph as she realised, once she was firmly on the sidewalk, that her dress had barely moved.

"Kitty, what are you doing?"
"Um, nothing Miss," Katie replied too quickly, blushing like a naughty young girl caught in a lie. "I was trying not to have my dress ride up too far."
"Come here."

Katie shuffled towards her owner, instantly regretting her attempt at deception. She hadn't meant to, it had just come out. She had tried to be good, clarifying the situation immediately, but she knew she had been wrong. The trepidation she felt as she faced Lauren was as nothing to the guilt that ate away at her.

"Kitty, a slave always tells the truth. Always. You have just earned yourself a spanking, but you're going to be good now right? No more naughtiness?"
"No Miss. Sorry, it just kind of came out," the young girl replied sheepishly.
"You were asked a question."
"Yes Miss, I promise to be good."
"Right then. Just remember Kitty, you are here to serve. All a slave can really ask for is a chance to serve her owner."

* * * * *

"Lauren, my dear."
"Hey Jean."
"And Katie, oh my. Don't you look nice. Out to snare yourself a boyfriend?"
"She's not allowed anything to do with boys, Jean."
"Oh, right. Well what brings you here?"
"Kitty, you can help serve while I talk to Jean," Lauren ordered as she turned her back on the young girl.

Katie sighed, resigned to her place. She dutifully moved into the store and began tidying the stock. She was still red-faced from Mrs Farrell's remark and her owner's response. Lauren had said she wasn't allowed. How could she say that in front of Mrs Farrell? She had seen the look on the older woman's face and had felt the sharp pulse of shame, afraid that her status as a possession could somehow be revealed. She threw herself into her work as her owner and employer talked. She enjoyed working, looking forward to each shift she was given. She even enjoyed the tidying and cleaning that was necessary, knowing that everything she did needed to be done and happy to be the one told to do it. Mrs Farrell was really good to her and she wanted to repay that kindness with the best service she could give. She had almost tidied one half of the store by the time Lauren collected her. 

"Thanks Katie."
"It was my pleasure, Ma'am," Katie replied as she followed Lauren from the store, waving daintily over her shoulder.
"Do you like working there, Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, suddenly nervous. Had she done something wrong?
"I've talked with Jean and she is willing to give you a Sunday shift as well. Starting next week, you'll start at ten each Sunday morning."
"Thank you Miss."
"Okie doke, pussywhistle, let's go."

Katie obediently followed her owner around the mall. She wanted to walk next to her, to feel the tiny thrills as her hand accidentally bumped Lauren's, the gentle, glancing touches that sent quick shocks of sensation shooting up into her body. Lauren was just too quick, constant changes of direction leaving the flustered girl perpetually one step behind. It was not until Lauren entered one of the large department stores and slowed to browse, that Katie was able to catch up and be beside her. She knew it was strange but she recognised immediately the emotion that flooded her senses when she was able to stand at herowner's side. She felt comfortable and at ease, safe, as if nothing else in the world mattered. She smiled softly to herself as she shuffled beside her owner, content simply to be by her side.

"Kitty look at these," Lauren said with delight. "Aren't they gorgeous."

Katie took the item her owner offered, looking at the knee-high socks within. They were cute, no doubt about it. The pair she had been given were striped red and black while Lauren held a rainbow coloured pair. These Katie also received, followed by a third pair, a solid pink. She bunched the bundle in one hand, the other still firmly clutching her dildo-filled purse. Her grip on the object she was forced to carry, remained tight and strong. Lauren moved on, stopping before a mannequin modelling a dainty summer dress in palest yellow, small orange swirls enhancing the delicacy of the thin material. Lauren stared at the pretty dress, admiring the slender spaghetti straps that tied behind the neck of the pale plastic figure, leaving the shoulders smooth and bare.

"Kitty, find this dress in your size and meet me at the fitting rooms."

Katie had been admiring the dress as well, thinking it would look wonderful on Lauren. She looked captivating in anything she wore, even her lacrosse uniform, but she looked amazingly pretty in skirts, like the one she wore, and dresses like the one she had been sent to collect. She was less sure what it would look like on her. Her bust was a little too prominent for such dainty straps. She didn't even own a strapless bra. Stupid, the young girl admonished as she hurried to the dressing room with the beautiful summer dress. She wore no bra today and this dress could be no more revealing than the tight, low-cut garment that currently hugged her body like a glove. Even though her dress was black, her breasts stood out prominently from her chest, their soft contours followed perfectly by the tight, elastic material. 

She knew it was sexy. She knew she looked sexy, the constant attention she received from both men and women could not be ignored. Katie imagined just what would happen if the dress was a lighter colour, anything but black. Could the scrutiny to which she was subjected possibly become any more intense?

"Here Kitty, Kitty."

Katie blushed at her owner's call as she hurried towards the fitting rooms. Lauren held open the door of a stall and ushered the nervous schoolgirl inside. When the door closed behind her, Lauren was still inside the stall, and Katie realised that at least this time, she would not have to find her owner to seek her approval. Lauren took the dress and hung it on a hook on the door. Katie's breath caught as Lauren stepped in close, slapped the socks from her right hand and gently eased the purse from her left. The subservient schoolgirl relinquished her dildo from the vice-like grip she had become accustomed to as she looked deeply into her owner's impossibly pale blue eyes. She heard the dull clink as the purse dropped to the carpeted floor.

Lauren was so close, their breasts brushing gently, her face mere inches away. Her lips parted at the mere hint of movement from her owner. She was panting softly, the warmth of her breath mingling with that of her owner. She longed to lean forward, to feel the soft touch of her owner's lips but she stayed in place, pressed up against the wall. She knew Lauren was teasing her but the anticipation was delicious. Lauren leaned forward, tantalising close and whispered, "Out of that dress." Lauren gave no ground and Katie was forced to reach down and slide the dress up over her buttocks, pushing her body only slightly away from the wall. She pushed against Lauren, feeling the strength in her owner's slim frame, knowing she would be given no room. The young girl squirmed against the wall, feeling trapped but doing her best to pull the dress up her body. 

The tight black material scraped past her firm young breasts, the soft mounds bouncing free. Katie pulled the dress over her head and stood almost naked before her owner, immediately feeling Lauren's warm hands on her chest, each malleable globe massaged gently, nipple under thumb. Her owner's moist lips were tormentingly close. If she pursed her lips, maybe she would feel the moist, supple lips on hers, but she waited, submitting to the frustration she knew was her owner's pleasure. 

"Kiss me," Lauren breathed, her husky voice exposing her desire.

Katie almost dove forward, her eagerness unable to be controlled. Their lips met, the heat of passion driving them together. The embrace was all too brief and left Katie panting for more. She leaned out from the wall, her open mouth questing for her owner but Lauren had stepped back too far for Katie to follow. Her arousal-fuelled enthusiasm was noted but she dare not press further. 

"Let's see you in the summer dress my little sex kitten," Lauren said, adjusting her blouse.

Katie could see the tiny bumps pushing against her owner's blouse, the sight of Lauren's arousal almost making her forget the instruction, but she had been given an order and she was finding it increasingly easy to obey, as if her body responded without her input, moving effortlessly to comply with her owner&#8217;s demands. She slipped the flimsy dress over her head, luxuriating in the feel of the silken material against her skin. She adjusted the straps behind her neck, and smoothed the sleek material down her hips. The delicate fabric flowed around her young body, falling from her curves, shimmering and swaying with each movement, as if sunlight itself had been woven into the delicate strands of the dress. The hem of the dress reached almost to her knees and the gentle touch as it fell against her thighs was an enticing sensation.

"Kitty," Lauren said, her voice filled with delight. "Oh, wow. Turn around, slowly."

Katie did a slow twirl for her owner, using all the room the small stall afforded. She felt the flimsy material flow about her like a wisp in the wind. She beamed a joyous smile at Lauren. She had never worn anything like this, never felt anything like this against her skin. She oozed sensuality as she looked at herself in the mirror. Her cheeks darkened as she noticed the way flimsy dress clung to her breasts, her hard nipples creating two tiny peaks across which the light material stretched. Even this obvious evidence of her lust could not dampen the sensuous smile that curled her shining pink lips. She was safe in here, seen only by her owner, wearing it in public was for another day, another set of emotions she refused to allow in.

Katie watched, in the mirror, as Lauren stepped forward, her eyelids fluttering as she felt her owner's soft, warm hands caress her bare shoulders, gently tracing the petite girl's frame. Lauren delighted in the way Katie's muscles moved under her smooth skin. She would need to ensure this little slut had more clothing that displayed her beauty. It was a shame that these slim shoulders were hidden under fabric so often.

"Ok Kitty, out you get. I can't afford this one today sadly. Don't worry you cheeky little slut," Lauren said as she read the disappointment in the young girl's eyes, "you'll have it soon enough."

Katie blushed, embarrassed by her greed. Lauren had already bought her so much and she got nothing for herself. She should count herself lucky, not pout when she couldn't have every pretty thing she saw. 

"Sorry Miss," Katie said sincerely, knowing an apology was required of her.
"You forget yourself too easily, Kitty. You're lucky you're just too damn cute. Come on, change now, you can't wear it all day."

Katie breathed a sigh of relief at her owner's understanding and took one last, quick look at herself in the mirror. She wanted the dress, felt it more strongly than she could have imagined a piece of clothing could make her feel and felt a strange emptiness when she drew the pretty dress above her head. As she moved to place it back on its hanger she saw movement from the corner of her eye. Lauren had opened the door to the stall and stepped back into the store. Katie almost dropped the dress in panic as she watched her owner disappear, leaving the door swinging slowly, but without enough force to close.

The terrified schoolgirl froze as she realised she could be seen by anyone passing. She was dressed only in the tiny pink g-string of sheer material, and her heels. It was only as she sensed movement outside the stall that she sprang into action, jumping to the door just as a couple stepped into view. Katie was aware of their shocked looks as she scurried to close the stall door. She didn't think she would ever forget the bewildered visage of the woman, or the quickly forming smile of her partner. It was only as she pressed her back against the close door that she realised she could simply have covered her nudity with the dress in her hand. Instead she had held it to one side as if she was trying show off her nubile young body.

The moment passed but the trembling teenager was left flushed and fearful, her heart beating so hard she felt as if she would break a rib. Katie couldn't believe what had just happened. Two people had seen her naked, well almost naked, though the see-through panties hid almost nothing from view, two people who were not her owner. Had Lauren meant for the door not to close? Katie just didn't know what to think anymore. Her knees were quivering as the pulse of fear-fuelled adrenalin remained. She closed her eyes and hugged her arms across her chest trying to compose herself, to make sense of the humiliation that would not dissipate. She needed to get dressed, if they complained about her and security came she would need to be dressed at least. 

The trembling schoolgirl hung the almost forgotten summer dress on the door and collected her own, pulling it quickly down her body until her nudity was covered. Even though the dress was revealing, accentuating all of her youthful curves, Katie felt safe now that she was covered, mostly. She was unsure just what she should do now. She couldn't just stand around in the dressing room, if she made Lauren wait who knew what trouble she would be in. What should she do with the dress? Lauren had said she would not be getting it today, so should she just put it back on the racks? 

Katie glanced at herself in the mirror, turning to the side and admiring the way the tight dress highlighted her figure. She knew she was pretty, but in this dress she looked, and felt, sexy. She ran her hands down her sides, smoothing the tight black material, knowing that it was already sitting perfectly, but enjoying the sensation nonetheless. Her eyes roved across her body, drinking in her nubile form. It was only as her eyes roamed back to her face that she realised what she was doing. 

As she looked herself in the eye, she could see the rising blush that she could feel mottling her cheeks. Just what the fuck was she doing? Only moments ago she had been scared half to death as two strangers witnessed her nudity and now here she was admiring herself like some... Say it, she scolded. Like some slut! She couldn't hide from it. Lauren approved. So why was she so hesitant, so fearful of saying it to herself. 

"Slut," Katie whispered at herself, marvelling at the gentle thrill that trilled through her chest. It was not only Lauren's words that had power, but the excitement she felt was still deeply rooted in her owner. After all it was Lauren who had made her a slut. Maybe that wasn't entirely true but it was her owner who had provided the catalyst for her transformation. Had she always been a slut? Had she always been destined to be this way? 

Katie tried to ignore the maelstrom of emotion that she had spun into motion with that one small word. She gathered the socks and her purse, collected the pretty dress and pushed open the door of the stall. She had only taken two steps when Lauren appeared around the corner, the instant frown telling Katie all she needed to know.

She had done the wrong thing, she hadn't known. She had tried to do the right thing, she only wanted to be good. Lauren carried two skirts and a blouse and Katie's heart sank as she realised the fitting was not over. She had jumped to the wrong conclusion, the assumption sure to cost her dearly. She felt the blood rush from her face as Lauren neared, ordering her back in the stall with a flick of her head. Katie scurried back, unsure what she should do. Her hands were full and she couldn't stand at attention this way. She did all she could, parting her legs until her feet were a shoulder-width apart, stretching her tight dress taught across her thighs. Her hands remained in front, clinging pitifully to the items with which she had been entrusted.

"Those on the floor, dress on the door. Undress and kneel in the corner."

Katie burst into activity, rushing to comply with Lauren's snapped orders. She couldn't help but obey, her body reacting on an almost genetic imperative. She had no choice but to follow the commands of her owner, the authority in Lauren's voice driving her into a spiral of subservience. Almost before she knew what had happened, the dazed schoolgirl was kneeling in a corner, the bare flesh of her naked thighs pressing against the smooth walls. She could feel the cool air of the store play across her vulva, drying the moisture that coated her sensitive lips.

She looked plaintively at her owner, her hands squirming nervously, pressed into the corner behind her. Lauren looked down imperiously upon the vulnerable teen, drinking in the trepidation and fear that oozed from her every pore. The little slut just could not behave. She couldn't be too hard upon her though. Lauren knew she was trying it was just that her instincts weren't fully developed. She had to keep reminding herself that Katie's training had only just begun. It was just easy to forget when the young girl was so obedient, her enthusiasm to serve so obvious. She hadn't expected it and there were times when it caught even her by surprise. She hadn't planned for the speed at which Katie was progressing.

Lauren hung up the garments she had collected and dropped to the floor in front of her slave, squatting down between her widely-spread legs, smiling at the confusion in the humbled schoolgirl. She leaned in and kissed her briefly on the lips.

"Were you told to dress?"
"No Miss."
"Were you told to leave the stall?"
"No Miss."
"Well then, Kitty.."
"I'm sorry, I just thought you might be waiting and I didn't want to make you angry if you were waiting because I know that a slave mustn't make her owner wait and I thought-"
"Hush, Kitty," interrupted Lauren, placing a finger across Katie's glossy lips. "Next time simply worry about doing as you were told. If I want you to dress, then you will. That is not something that concerns you. I own you Kitty, make sure that is what you think about next time that pretty little brain of yours needs to think."
"Yes Miss," replied the thoroughly subjugated schoolgirl, lowering her eyes sheepishly.

Lauren rose languidly to her feet and proceeded to try on the skirts and blouse she had chosen. Katie watched from her corner, content to be the audience for what she saw as a sensual striptease. Her eyes roamed over Lauren's body, drawn to the tight mound between her legs, cupped so enticingly by the small panties she wore. Each piece of clothing she tried on looked amazing, fitting her perfectly, accentuating her lithe form. 

Katie was entranced as she watched her classmate twirl and turn, inspecting how the new skirts looked. It was not until Lauren lifted the blouse from the hanger that Katie noticed a blurry motion in the corner of her eye that she had studiously ignored as Lauren modelled the skirts. She glanced at the stall door and realised that she could see beneath the door. There was almost a foot of space between the floor and the door and she could see the feet of each passer-by. As she watched, she saw the woman in the stall opposite, step out of a pair of jeans, her delicate ankles and thighs clearly able to be seen.

Katie felt her cheeks flush with the familiar sensation that she had come to despise. Could anyone see into their stall? What if they dropped something and bent down to collect it. Her bare pussy was inches from the ground, easily able to be seen by anyone at the right angle. She begged for no one to bend down and look in her direction. Her legs were spread obscenely wide, her sex exposed for all to see. She looked frantically back at her owner, but Lauren was not paying attention to the kneeling schoolgirl, completely absorbed, as she was, in the pretty blouse she had donned. Katie begged for her owner to look her way. She was desperate to be acknowledged, to somehow share the panic she felt. If only Lauren would look at her, she would see her distress.

Katie waited in vain for the feeling to subside. No one had seen her yet, but with each shadowy motion at the door, her heart leaped in her chest, sending another bust of adrenalin through her naked body. Each muscle was tense, longing to spring from the submissive position and put an end to her exposure and yet she stayed in position, her need to obey overcoming her compulsion to hide.

Katie&#8217;s heart skipped as she watched Lauren replace the blouse, afraid that now she has finished she would once again open the door of the stall, exposing her to view. Her eyes follow each small movement her owner made, chest tightening as the anticipation blossomed into fear. She watched as Lauren took a small pad and pencil from her bag and scribbled casually, the action reminding her of the contents of her own purse. She felt her ownership, her status as property pressing upon her, almost able to feel its touch.

&#8220;Up.&#8221;

The naked schoolgirl breathed a sigh of relief as her owner turned and waited for her to rise. She realised that she had been holding her breath as she waited for exposure, her helplessness debilitating. She was restrained by nothing more than her owner&#8217;s desire, yet she had not moved until granted permission. Katie glanced at Lauren before looking away, her timid gaze falling to her feet, unable to bear the piercing scrutiny. She could never withstand those pale blue eyes for long, always surrendering before their authority.

"Get dressed," Lauren ordered as she headed for the stall entrance. "Oh, and pussywhistle?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, her eyes on Lauren's hand that rested on the door.
"Kiss me."

Katie stepped forward, excitement warring with fear, the sensations so similar she could not distinguish which was in ascendance. Her pussy pulsed as her lips met those of her owner, her knees quivering as arousal fluttered along her moist folds of her sex. Contact was broken and Lauren was gone, like a ghost, leaving nothing behind but the vague trace of her sweet perfume and the quivering desire that wracked the naked schoolgirl's body.

Katie's eyelids flickered, dazed by her lust. The hum of activity from the store snapped her back to reality, and she dived for the door, closing it softly behind her. She had reacted just a little too slowly, fearful that her lapse had exposed her nakedness. She had been caught off guard but what's done was done. She could not change it now. The door had only been open for a second but she could not ignore the terrible suspicion that she had been seen.

Her face blazed as she scrambled into her clothing. It did not take the young girl long to dress, Lauren having chosen such a meagre selection for her. She settled her small g-string between her buttocks, and slipped her tight black dress over her head, before finally stepping into her shiny black heels. Purse and socks were collected in two frantic grabs and she was out the door, eager to put some distance between herself and the site of her latest humiliation.

Her cheeks remained a deep crimson as she sought her owner, sure the other patrons knew of her lewd display. Katie wandered aimlessly, her anxiety growing into panic as she failed to locate her classmate. She wasn't just afraid of making Lauren wait, she felt lost without her. Palms slick with sweat she hurried through the store, her heart pounding in her chest, eyes darting dizzyingly from face to face.

Katie could not believe the relief that washed over her when she spotted Lauren by the jewellery. She had been transported back in time, her panicked feelings of loss those of a little girl alone and abandoned. She felt her nose tingle, the first sign of the tears that welled in her eyes moments later. She bit her lip, took one deep breath to compose herself and stepped meekly to her owner. She didn't want Lauren to see her upset. She didn't know why but she blinked and fought the tears as stood, safe by her owner's side.

"Here Kitty, buy those and meet me by the donut stand," Lauren said casually, as if Katie had been there all along.

She took the folded note and moved quickly to the counter, not quite sure how to feel. She was glad that her distress had not been noticed, ashamed as she was by her childish fears, but she had wished, secretly, if she was to be honest, that Lauren had noticed and made it all right. She knew she could not kiss her out here, but a kind word or a small gesture acknowledging that she was safe was all she wanted. She knew she was being silly but she couldn't help it. As she waited for the attendant to process her transaction she marvelled at just how much she now relied on Lauren. She drew comfort from her very presence. How was that even possible? What had she become?

As Katie took her change and hurried from the store, she supplied herself with an answer: property. She was a possession, owned completely by another person. The evidence was irrefutable and the acceptance she felt was like a gentle rain washing away layers of grime and sweat from her body, leaving her clean and fresh and new. She didn't know exactly what this was, her short, sheltered life providing her no frame of reference for the overwhelming feelings. 

She beamed a joyous smile as she saw Lauren, standing nonchalantly, observing the people that passed by. She wanted to stand there and watch her owner watch the passage of shoppers. Lauren looked so pretty as she intently surveyed the passing crowd. She rarely had a chance to see her owner in these candid moments and she enjoyed every moment. But she knew she had to move. A slave should not keep her owner waiting. She heard the words in her head as if Lauren was reciting them.

"Ola pussywhistle." Katie's sweet smile was the perfect complement to her owner's wicked grin. She had cringed the first time Lauren had used the pet name, not knowing or understanding what it meant, but it had grown on her. She still didn't know what it meant but she smiled at the intimacy of the nonsense name. "Buy two cinnamon donuts," Lauren instructed, still not looking at the young girl, but holding out a folded note. 

For once Katie did not mind, she was happy. Lauren had her add the warm donuts to the bag and bade her follow as they moved to their next destination. Katie followed like a puppy scurrying along behind its master, content just to keep up. She didn't want to get lost again, she never wanted to feel that way again. She clenched her hands around her packages as the ghost of the remembered sensation flickered through her, quickening her pulse with the mere shadow of the fear she had felt at her imagined abandonment.

Lauren led her to a jewellery store, one through which Katie had often browsed, and where some of her, now removed, jewellery had come. Lauren knew what she was after, striding confidently to one counter in particular. She chatted with the attendant as she had her pick an item from within the locked cabinet while Katie stood watching obediently.

"Kitty, pop those up here and put this on. We'll definitely need to have it resized."

Katie deposited her bag of socks and donuts on the counter and more gingerly placed her purse beside it. She looked from her purse to her owner and back again, hesitant about it being out of her reach. If someone moved it they would know, the feel of the hard glass shaft that filled the tiny bag was unmistakable. She reached for the piece of jewellery that Lauren had chosen. It was a delicate bracelet, each link a tiny curved bar that was no thicker than a few strands of hair. The links were joined by impossibly small rings from which also hung small silver globes. It was not until she lifted it from the warm glass counter that Katie realised they were tiny bells. The air was filled with a fragile tinkling, sweet and soft, that made her think of fairies dancing atop flower petals. 

"No Kitty, on your left ankle."

Katie glanced meekly at the attendant, blushing at the correction. It had been a gentle scolding but the look on the woman's face deepened the submission she felt flow through her veins, like her lifeblood itself. She had thought it was ridiculously big for her petite wrist, but even for her ankle it was large. She bent at the waist, knowing she would be accentuating the tight dress that stretched across her buttocks but there was no alternative. She could only squat and that would not only expose her sex, covered only in a gossamer thin layer of translucent pink material, but her dress would slide up her thighs.

"Close it properly Kitty. That's a good girl, we need to see how many links need to be removed."

Katie was glad her face was hidden as she felt the searing heat that pulsed from her face. She could feel the stare of the attendant, the judging look that made the tiny hairs behind her neck tingle and stiffen. Even a compliment was different when it was not private. She longed for Lauren to call her a good girl but to have it witnessed made her feel vulnerable and incredibly self-conscious.

"One more link, Kitty," Lauren directed, as Katie fumbled with the anklet. She was distracted by the scrutiny of her owner and the attendant, by the way she was displaying her body but most of all by the soft tinkling that each movement brought. When Lauren was satisfied that the sizing was correct she had Katie relinquish the pretty anklet to the waiting attendant. 

"So, all those links removed and the connection as well thanks."
"No problem, it will only take a few minutes. Do you mind waiting?"
"Yeah, that's ok. C'mon Kitty."

Katie dutifully followed her owner as she browsed through the jewellery store. There were so many beautiful things on display but all she could think of was the dainty anklet that Lauren had chosen for her. It was very pretty, but not something she would ever have chosen for herself. It was strange to be looking at so many lovely things that she knew she could never have unless they were chosen for her by another person. Was everything in her world now designed to reinforce her status or was this simply the way the world was for a possession? She was like the pretty things in the cabinet, empty potential unless owned.

"Excuse me Miss, your piece is ready."
"Thanks. Kitty you can wait on the bench by the bookstore."

She was not happy at being dismissed but Katie followed the order without pause. She reached her destination in almost no time at all. She had been told to wait on the bench and not beside it so now she would have to sit. She approached the low bench with trepidation, lowering her body gingerly to the smooth wooden surface, making sure to keep her legs together as she sat but even so, she could feel the tight material of her dress creep up her thighs.

Once her buttocks flattened against the seat she rested her purse and bag on her lap, thankful for the coverage the objects provided. Her legs were together, knees separated by the inch she was to maintain at all times and she knew, without a doubt, that if the bag containing the morning's purchases had not sat in her lap, the intimate secrets beneath her dress would no longer be hidden to the truly observant.

She was a pretty girl, clad in a revealing outfit, she attracted enough attention on her own. With every passing moment her gratitude grew, unable to express the relief she felt at not having to deal with the knowledge that her pussy would be seen. It was only for her owner but more than that, the thought of such exposure made her blood run cold.

"Kitty."

Katie jumped at the whisper in her ear. How the fuck did she do that, Katie mused as her heart beat hummingbird-quick. She smiled, embarrassed by her momentary fear. She hated to be scared like that. Her brother had delighted in finding new ways to scare her. It had become his favourite pastime when they were younger, making a game out of hiding behind doors and in closets, just waiting for her to saunter by. She hadn't been scared like that since he had left for college.

"I have a present for you Kitty, though it won't be much of a surprise. Slide your left leg out a little," Lauren ordered as she squatted before the seated schoolgirl. 

Katie obeyed, watching as Lauren retrieved the small silver anklet she had purchased. Her owner curled it around her slim ankle, holding the ends in place with one hand while she clipped something to it. The inquisitive teen watched intently as Lauren removed a tiny screwdriver, smaller than a pencil, from her bag and proceeded to tinker with the tiny clasp.

Katie looked around anxiously, aware of the weird scene they made, one pretty girl kneeling in front of the other in the middle of the mall. Her cheeks mottling the familiar shade of pink, she tried to ignore the rest of the world and focus entirely on her owner and the gift she was being given.

When Lauren was done Katie looked down to see the beautiful anklet fixed firmly around her leg. The dainty circle rested naturally above the bones of her ankle, the fitting perfect. She realised, after narrowing her focus to the clasp, that the anklet had been secured with a tiny silver padlock, a miniscule K etched into the side. It didn't look like a real padlock, it was far too small and delicate with no place for a key, but it served the same purpose. Somehow Lauren had secured the anklet to her body and to remove it she would need one of those baby screwdrivers. Katie's eyes followed Lauren as she stood up, her entire world now encompassed in the slim body of this young girl. 

"Thank you, Miss."
"Oh Kitty, aren't you sweet. That pretty anklet is not to be removed without permission, but I didn't need to tell you that did I?"
"No Miss."
"No, good girl. Well, now that you have something pretty down there, we'll have to get you some nice shoes. Come on, I know just the place."

* * * * *

She had known what Lauren meant by shoes. She looked at the shoe her owner held out to her. It was gorgeous, there was no denying that. The shiny black shoe was sleek and sensual but it was a four inch heel, double what she currently wore. Katie liked the delicate strap that would close around her ankle and she wondered how it would look underneath her new jewellery.

She thought back on the walk to the shoestore and would have blushed if she had not already been flush with the heat of the memory. With every step she took, a musical tinkling had ushered from her, drawing the attention of the people she passed. She could not say this definitively, as she was determined, in her self-conscious way, not to look at anyone, fearful lest her suspicions were confirmed. 

It was almost as if a tiny orchestra of fairies flitted about her, invisible, accompanying each soft footfall with a ringing of tiny bells. Her fantasy was a pleasant one, her only way of dealing with the increased scrutiny she knew was a result, as if she needed a reason to draw futher attention to her young, barely concealed body.

"My name's Alicia. Can I help you?" 
"You sure can. Can we see these in a 5," Lauren replied to the pretty young girl who had sought them out.
"Just take a seat and I'll be right out."
"There you go Kitty, over here."

Katie sat where Lauren indicated, wondering what to do with her package and purse. Her dilemma was solved as Lauren collected first her purse and then the shopping bag from her, leaving only the young girl's tightly clasped hands resting in her lap, a meagre defence against discovery. 

Lauren's heart beat faster in anticipation of what was to come. She had spotted these shoes some time ago, and had always planned them as a purchase, but what she had seen when fixing the anklet had pushed her schedule forward. She could afford them now, but her plans would have to change accordingly. This was just too delicious an opportunity to pass up. She smiled wickedly as she looked at the innocent young girl sat below her, oblivious to what was to come.

The attendant returned and knelt down in front of the nervous schoolgirl, opening the box and slipping out the beautiful new heels. Katie watched as the delicate rustle of the wrapping accompanied the unveiling of the shiny black shoes. They really were gorgeous. She nibbled on her lower lip, Lauren's eyes twinkling at the adorable quirk, as the pretty attendant removed her left shoe. The warm touch of another girl, almost her age, who was not her owner almost made the anxious teen gasp. 

"So cute," said Alicia as she brushed the anklet, sending a fresh metallic jingle into the air. She looked up at Katie, expecting a response, but her eyes were halted before they reached the seated schoolgirl's face.

Katie saw her look up, saw her stop, distracted. Her face burned as she realised what had caused the young girl's gaze to halt. She couldn't look away, frozen in place by the weight of humiliation that threatened to crush her. She saw the young girl blush and look down, fumbling with the buckle of the ankle strap. Katie continued to search the young girl's face, pleading for understanding, but the attendant refused to look up from her task.

"How," she began, her voice catching in her throat, coming out in a ragged whisper. "How does that feel?"
"Um good," Katie responded meekly, wanting nothing more than to be back in the fitting room. She may have been naked and exposed but she was seen only by her owner. Knowing that this pretty young girl, whose only role was to sell shoes, had seen her pussy made her mind reel. She reached her hands to her side and steadied herself on the chair, afraid the dizzying sensation she was feeling would lead her to faint.

She continued to watch Alicia, her slim hands fitting the second shoe, again fumbling with the buckle. It was only as the young girl finally looked up at her, that she realised she had been able to see down her blouse, the stiff material parting as she manipulated the shoes onto Katie's feet, displaying the tender curves of her bosom. She felt her pulse quicken at the sight, the soft slope of flesh affecting her in the most predictable of ways.

"Try walking in them."

Katie stood up, her hands flying with preternatural speed to the hem of her dress, pulling it down as far as she could before taking her first step. She was allowed one adjustment only, and she was going to be sure to make the most of it. She took a few hesitant steps around the store, knowing both Lauren and the attendant were watching her. 

Her calves stretched to accomodate the height of the new heels but with each step she gained in confidence. If she concentrated, it wasn't that much different, though she knew walking properly and taking a few mincing steps around a store, were not the same thing. The apprehensive schoolgirl walked one circuit around the central bank of chairs and came back to her seat, looking to her owner for approval.

"Well Kitty, how did they feel?"
"Really nice, Miss."
"Can you give us a moment?" 
"Sure," the still-blushing attendant said as she scrambled to her feet.

"Let's see another turn around. You have to be sure. I won't be returning them, so if they don't fit you'll be the one who pays the price."
"Yes Miss," Katie replied in a timid squeak. She walked around the store, slow and even movements, her musical accompaniment following her like a small chiming cloud. 

As she passed the counter at the back of the store, she could see the pretty girl who had fitted her shoes, chatting madly away to the two other women in the store. Katie moaned, the vocalisation of her despair barely audible. She looked quickly away as her presence was noted, unwilling to see the judgement and disgust. She was sure she heard the word 'slut' as she scurried back to her owner, but whether it was in truth or merely a shame-inspired delusion she could not tell.

"Sit. Now how were they?"
"Really nice, Miss. Only..."
"Mmmm?"
"Um Miss, in this dress, um the heels, um..."
"Spit it out Kitty," snapped Lauren, the mischievous twinkle in her eye at odds with her brusk tone.
"Um, my dress rides up, Miss. It does it anyway and that's why I pull it down, it's not from like, disrespect or anything but it just doesn't stay down and, but in these shoes it, um goes up more because, I guess I walk a bit different."
"You look so cute when you walk in those heels. We're definitely getting them. In fact, you can wear them out of the store."

"How were they?"

Katie looked up at the sudden appearance of the strange woman. She was a little older than Alicia, maybe early twenties, and she had a strange, almost bemused smirk on her face. Katie wanted desperately to look behind the counter, to see where Alicia was, but she dared not risk it. She knew what she would find, the young girl watching to see what would happen, wanting her vision verified.

"Really nice, thank you," mumbled Katie.
"What happened to Alicia?" Lauren asked. Katie stiffened at the question. She knew the answer but why couldn't Lauren leave it alone.
"Oh, she's just finishing something else off. With heels like these, I always like to make sure the fitting is perfect. It's really important when you go above a three in height, especially if you're not used to it."
"That's a shame, Kitty really liked Alicia. Didn't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, mortified at the turn the conversation had taken. Had Lauren noticed her glance down Alicia's blouse? Had her owner noticed her response?
"Well, let's just have a look at how these are fitting," the new attendant said, squatting down in front of Katie.

She fussed gently with the shoes, tested the heel and the toe, making sure the strap was not too tight. Katie felt she was generally checking the shoe for fit. Maybe her story was true. Maybe she really was the senior person in the store come to make sure the high heels would not cause her any problems. She had been so silly, suddenly ashamed at the paranoia that had caused her such stupid panic.

Katie watched her like a hawk, almost forgetting her owner stood beside her. The trepidation she felt at the woman's touch eased as she began to believe in the earnestness of her attention. The inevitable happened: a casual glance, held a little too long, a raised eyebrow, a shocked parting of the lips. She had not been wrong. That she was a slut was verified. Her pussy, covered by the flimsiest wisp of material, had been seen.

Katie looked away, her continued scrutiny no longer needed, the payoff for her diligence a bitter reward that left her breathless and off-balance. She looked to her owner for solace, wanting desperately to reach for her, to feel the soft touch of her hand. But Lauren simply smiled down upon the young girl, aloof and out of reach. If only she could let her know of her distress, she knew Lauren would comfort her. Was she destined to be discovered a slut in every store in the mall?

The revelation was almost too much for the young girl, and it was only the order from her owner to pack away her old shoes, that prevented the tiny tears of frustated humiliation to form. Lauren paid for the pretty new heels she wore, while Katie suffered under the intense weight of scrutiny from the staff. She could feel it upon her, smothering her like a thick blanket. She wanted to be out of this store, away from the scene of her humiliation, away from the sharp talk of the women, their condemnation, their labels.

But she was a slut. She knew it, Lauren approved, so why was it so hard to hear it from the mouths of strangers? Why was it so hard to have it known? They were questions Katie could not answer, her youth and naivety providing no insight into such complex emotions. She could accept a thing but not understand it, a discovery that only confused the young girl further. 

"Come Kitty."

Katie followed her owner gratefully, glad of the safety provided by her obedience. Her submission came so naturally, it was something she had come to rely upon. She didn't understand why she felt this way, but it was easier to accept. It was a comforting feeling, a snug warmth that surged within her when she surrendered to her owner. 

She had been right about the new heels. She was in constant danger of falling behind, but not being able to keep up with her owner was preferable to sprawling on the floor. She could imagine the way that would look, and she had no intention of anyone else bearing witness to the plump mound barely hidden beneath her dress.

Katie took no notice of their journey or their destination, focusing all her attention on walking in the high heels, trying her best to keep as close to Lauren as she could. They did not go far, and for that she was thankful. The tight stretching she felt in her calves was tempered by the knowledge that her legs would be all the more attractive for it. She had seen the models in their high heels, the way it elongated the leg. She kept thinking back to the glimpse she had in the full length mirror as she left the shoestore - the delicious way her muscles stood taut as her body accommodated the new stance she was forced to adopt. 

She stopped beside Lauren, conscious of the sudden silence her stillness brought. How long would it take for her to get used to the constant ringing of the little bells? She would never be without it now, her presence always heralded by a tiny fanfare of dainty metallic jangling. She looked around and realised that Lauren had led them to the cinema. 

She looked at her owner in delight. She hadn't been to the movies for ages and it was something she had dearly loved. She had no idea what was playing and didn't really care, whatever Lauren chose would satisfy. While her owner was deciding, Katie shuffled her feet, lifting first one and then the other, testing how the new high heels felt. She looked down her body and admired the way they looked, the shiny black surface of the heels, the tight buckles that wrapped around each ankle like a little collar and how the pretty silver anklet on her left foot contrasted so beautifully. She felt a flush of pride and not a little vanity at the way she looked. 

"I'll get the tickets, you buy a large coke and some twizzlers. Our movie starts in 10 minutes and I don't want to miss the previews."

Katie took the money Lauren handed to her and hurried to do her owner's bidding, unable to stop smiling. She couldn't quite forget the unsettling emotions of the morning, the constant jingling of her anklet a ready reminder of the humiliation she had suffered, but her happiness at seeing a movie with Lauren shone above it all. She felt like she was on a date, a little thrill of excitement running through her body, making her belly tingle.

She hurried back to Lauren, handing back the change, her hands now dangerously full. She was trying to juggle the shopping bags, her purse and now a drink and candy as well. Lauren played absentmindedly with the small paper tickets, the only objects to occupy her hands. Katie wondered what they would see. She had spied some of the movie posters as went to the concession stand and her imagination had been fired.

"Oh popcorn, Kitty. That smell gets me every time," said Lauren looking wistfully at a couple walking past with a big tub. "Here, I'll hold your purse. You buy a medium."

Katie relinquished her purse, glad to have one less burden but wishing it could have been something other than the smallest and lightest object she had been struggling to hold. She had no place to complain, however, and headed back to the candy bar to fulfil her owner's desire. 

She soon struggled back to Lauren, the cardboard box of popcorn wedged precariously between her already full hands. She had to use her bosom as a stabiliser, pressing the warm box against her firm breasts. Lauren ushered her towards their theatre with a gentle pressure in the small of her back. Katie hustled forward, doing all she could to keep the jumble of objects balanced. She could feel the warm, insistent touch of her owner and felt as if she would melt.

Katie shivered as Lauren caressed her tenderly, small, almost imperceptible movements of her fingers brushing across the tight black dress. Even as they paused for the attendant to take their tickets, Lauren maintained the contact. It was not until they were in the cinema and heading towards a row of seats that the girls were parted. Katie felt her body press backwards as Lauren's hand was removed, compelled to seek the comfort of her owner's warm touch. 

"Right into the middle, Kitty," Lauren instructed, shuffling along behind the burdened schoolgirl. "One more. Sit."

Katie sank thankfully into the chair, finally able to rest her packages without the fear of spilling them everywhere. Lauren took the drink from her and the popcorn and directed her to place the bags on the seat beside her. Katie did as she was told, trying her best to ignore the niggling sensation as her dress sat higher than normal. Her white thighs were almost entirely exposed, the tight material having crept upwards as she shuffled awkwardly down the aisle. 

"Your purse. Keep it close, Kitty. And get the donuts. I wants me a taste of that cinnamoney goodness," Lauren giggled. 

Katie took her purse and slid it by her side, between her and Lauren's seat, not wanting it to be too far out of reach, its location constantly preying on her mind. The donuts were no longer warm, but the sweet scent of cinnamon wafted from the bag the moment she touched it. 

Lauren took a donut and waved it once below her nose, savouring the heady aroma. Katie smiled as she watched her owner devour the donut in half a dozen bites. People were trickling into the theatre but as the lights went down the cinema was barely half full. They had their row almost to themselves, just the one couple a few seats down from Lauren. 

The moment the lights went out, the only illumination now the flickering image on the screen, Katie sensed movement. She turned to Lauren just in time to meet her owner's fingers. Her lips parted, accepting the cinnamon coated fingers into her mouth. She slid and twirled her tongue around the slim fingers, enjoying the sensation, reveling in the chance to serve in so intimate a way. Her eyes flickered around the cinema, worried that her submission would be witnessed, glad that no one, not even her owner, could see the timid blush that coloured her cheeks.

Lauren withdrew her clean fingers and quickly proceeded to eat the second donut. Katie missed the ads as she watched the donut disappear. Her bottom lip dropped a little, as she realised she was not to be allowed any, but she quickly composed herself, her mouth opening obediently to clean her owner's fingers once more. She made sure to lick every last sweet crystal, knowing this was as close as she was to come to eating a donut that day. 

"Thirsty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie whispered, adhering to the decorum of the theatre. 
"Drink."

Katie leaned over to reach the cup that Lauren held just above her lap. Her mouth closed over the straw and she sipped gently, enjoying the taste of the cola. It felt as if a year had passed since she had last tasted the sweet, fizzy soda. She relished every drop. Her eyelids fluttered as she felt her owner's hand stroke her head, moving all the way down to her neck. Lauren patted her again before tugging gently on the young girl's hair.

Katie obeyed the unspoken signal and straightened up into her own seat. She felt flushed, the submissive act of drinking from her owner's lap had affected her deeply, but it was the tender stroking of her hair, of being patted like a pet, that had caused her pulse to quicken. She hadn't even thought about the other patrons of the cinema but she did so now, wondering if the humiliating act had been witnessed. 

She had thought nothing of demeaning herself at her owner's command, it was only now, after the fact, that the reality of what she had done came to her. More and more she was becoming lost in the moment, only fully realising her behaviour for what it was, once it was done.

"The popcorn is here, Kitty. You may have some."
"Thank you, Miss," Katie replied, her mouth watering at the permission. She loved popcorn, especially cinema popcorn, there was something about the dried, buttery taste that just wasn't the same when you made it at home.
"One at a time Kitty, don't be a gutz. Put it back. Now take one."

Katie opened her hand above the popcorn box, letting the handful drop. She blushed at the sudden scolding, sure that the other patrons had heard her getting into trouble. She picked up one tiny piece of popcorn and popped it in her mouth just as Lauren scraped a handful from the box and crunched multiple pieces at once.

All thoughts of being on a romantic date, maybe being able to hold Lauren's hand during the movie, evaporated. The swift admonishment of her greedy behaviour had put the young girl in her place, firmly reinforcing her status as a possession. She was silly to forget that she was owned, but the fantasy of two girlfriends out to enjoy a movie had been so strong. But that is all it had been, a fantasy. They weren't girlfriends, they were owner and slave. She had no right to expect anything. She obeyed and accepted what was given and she felt like slapping herself for forgetting.

"Miss,. may I have another piece," Katie whispered as the first trailer began.
"You may, Kitty, and you may continue to do so. How?"
"One at a time, Miss," Katie replied, the chagrin she felt coming through even in the muted whisper.
"Are you sulking?"
"No Miss," the young girl replied, shocked at the accusation. She really wasn't.
"I know a perfect way to stop a slut from sulking. It starts with 'C' and ends in 'ane'. Do you know what it is, Kitty?"
"The cane, Miss."
"Good girl. Do you want to be caned?"
"No Miss, I wasn't sulking, really," Katie pleaded.
"See that you don't. Hand me the twizzlers."

Katie obeyed, feeling as if she had dodged a bullet. She hadn't been sulking, it was just that she had been disappointed, but it was in herself. Well a little in that she hadn't been allowed any donut, and now it seemed that getting her share of the popcorn would be a chore. Her share? She was doing it again. Her 'share' was whatever Lauren decided. She had to stop acting like a spoiled princess, as if she was entitled to everything.

As the trailers ended and the movie began, Katie settled back into her chair, vowing to just enjoy being here with Lauren, making sure to behave. She would enjoy it so much more if Lauren was happy and all she had to do was be a good girl. No matter what, she would. 

Every now and then, she reached over to the box of popcorn wedged in beside her owner, sure to take just one and only occasionally. She wanted more, she wanted the whole box, hungry as she was, but she didn't want Lauren to call her greedy again. The accusation had hurt and she was determined not to have her owner think that way about her.

Katie heard Lauren open the twizzlers, and smelt the strong cherry flavour moments later. She swore her mouth almost watered as her brain processed the candy aroma. She hoped Lauren would allow her to have one, maybe just one bite. She didn't want to overstep herself.

She watched the movie, enjoying the story, though it was a little too action-oriented for her liking. She almost gasped out loud when she felt Lauren's hand reach for hers, a broad smile splitting her face as she held hands with her owner. This was what she had wanted and her heart surged at the closeness she felt. She closed her eyes for just a moment, indulging in the sensation that surged through her. 

Katie forgot all about the popcorn, not wanting anything to break the intimate hold she had on her lover. She was content right now. At the first tentative touch, she had felt the familiar tingle of arousal between her legs and she knew that by now there was bound to be a layer of cream coating the delicate pink folds of her vagina. Even so, she wanted nothing more than this. Well, that was a lie. She would given anything to feel the soft caress of her owner's lips but she shouldn't think like that. The contented teen sighed and snuggled back into her seat, unable to rid herself of the manic cheshire smile.

"Take off your panties," Lauren whispered in Katie's ear, the warm breath sending a ripple of gooseflesh down the young girl's side. 

Nooo, Katie screamed even as she relinquished her grip on her lover's hand and bent to the order given. She didn't want to do this, she really didn't, but she could not fight the compelling authority of her owner's command. She shuffled her dress up over her thighs and snaked her hands underneath, thumbs catching in the waistband of her tiny panties. She tried to do it all without lifting off the seat too much, not wanting her movements to be discerned by those around her.

As her panties slid down her legs she felt the sweaty flush of humiliation rise. She bent low and stepped out of the sheer pink g-string, her anklet tinkling as she did so. She liked to take her shoes off in the cinema, the feeling of freedom always adding something a little extra to the experience, but with her new heels and their ankle straps, she could not just kick them off, even if she had permission. Why that thought popped into prominenece as she was removing one of only two pieces of clothing she wore was bizarre even to her.

"Fold neatly, Kitty. On top of the bags."

Katie followed the order, anxious that they would be so far out of reach and so exposed to even a casual glance. They sat on top of the white shopping bag, a tiny pink mound that was sure to draw attention. There was nothing she could do, but that didn't stop the tiny voice of fear that kept whispering in her ear, taunting her with thoughts of discovery.

"Knees, up. Scoot to the edge of the seat. Heels up."

Katie stifled the moan she felt coming as Lauren's fingers brushed across her tiny clitoris, already arousal-hardened despite the humiliation that held her almost frozen. Her new heels were pressed into the seat of the chair, her knees drawn up to her chest, opening her pussy to the attention of her owner, and any possible scrutiny from the seats in front. If anyone looked around they would get an eyeful of her young sex. Even in the shadowy cinema she knew she could be seen.

As the movie rolled, Lauren manipulated the pussy of her classmate with her right hand, deft fingers slipping over the slick labia and slipping inside the wet, inviting sex of the subservient schoolgirl. With her left she continued to shovel popcorn to her mouth, as if nothing untoward was happening in the seat next to her.

Katie gripped the armrests, knuckles whitening, as she fought to remain silent. Lauren knew what she was doing, having already learnt many of the secrets of her sex. She could feel her desire deepening. Lauren's fingers slid inside her with increasing ease, her pussy assisting the intrusion by producing the thick cream that she was sure she could already smell.

Lauren ate and drank as Katie sat silent and still, her chest heaving with ragged breaths as she fought against the rising lust that was quickly conquering all other considerations. She hadn't remained completely silent, a small moan of pleasure had escaped her lips as Lauren had squeezed, the cream-slick fingers sliding smoothly across the tiny clit. Katie bit her lip to stay silent, as Lauren tried again and again, unable to grasp the object of her desire, the hard, little bud as elusive as a watermelon seed.

Katie looked with lust-filled eyes at her owner, bewildered by how she could continue to watch the movie and eat popcorn as if she wasn't also bringing her property closer and closer to orgasm. Katie did not want to come. She fought the ecstasy building between her legs, knowing she would not be able to remain quiet if she did, but simply not wanting to come here, now, even if it was her owner's wish.

The panting schoolgirl's mouth opened almost involuntarily as Lauren's fingers came close. She could definitely smell her arousal now. Moments later she tasted it as well, her tongue sliding in and around her owner's fingers, dutifully cleaning them of her cream. 

"Twizzler, Kitty?"
"Yes... Miss," Katie replied breathlessly, her pussy still pulsing with her unsated arousal.
"Fuck yourself with it."

She might have known she would not have simply been permitted to eat the long candy twirl. She should have seen it coming but her mind was fuddled by the near-climax that still affected her. The young girl accepted the long red candy swirl and lowered it to her pussy. sliding it up inside her without resistance. Katie held it between thumb and forefinger, slipping almost the entire length into her vagina.

"You may take a bite. Show it to me first. Oh yes, that creamy pussy just can't help but add its own flavour. Bite and fuck. When you want to take another bite, ring your bells."

Katie lifted the now red and white candy to her mouth and bit off the end. The cherry flavour mixed with the sour musk of her cream as she chewed and then swallowed. She was already thrusting the slightly smaller stick into her pussy as she ate, just glad she wouldn't come from this. Her arousal had plateaued and she fucked herself diligently, demeaning herself but unable to stop.

After a minute of slow fucking, she wiggled her left foot, sending a shower of tiny tinkling throughout the cinema. Lauren watched the screen and munched on her popcorn as if oblivious to the anxious teenager's signal. Katie wiggled her foot again, glancing sideways at her owner, hoping for acknowledgement this time. With every soft wave of chiming she risked drawing attention to herself. 

"Bite."

Katie slipped the twizzler from her pussy and hurriedly brought it to her mouth, cupping her hand beneath it to prevent her cream from dripping onto her dress. She wanted this over, afraid that her degrading actions would be seen, so she took a large bite, removing almost half the length of the cherry twist. Her hand was back at her pussy before she had chewed the soft candy more than once, not wanting to give Lauren any cause for prolonging her humiliation.

With a sigh of relief, Katie finished off the last bite, licking her fingers as she did so. For the last minute she had been pushing barely an inch of candy into her cream-filled pussy and her fingers had slipped along the slick lips of her plump mound. She worried, more than once, that she might lose her grip on the slippery shaft and tried to grip it all the more tightly, her fingernails piercing the soft candy shaft. 

She relished the final taste of cherry and cream and tried to focus once more on the screen. She was hopelessly lost and the continued pulsing along her moist cleft was not letting her regain her place in the story. Her legs were still spread, knees pushed up beside her chest, exposing her sex, her parted lips leaking thick white cream in a slow ooze.

If anyone did come, there was no chance to get her panties back on and it would take precious seconds to slide her dress back down over her buttocks, bunched as it now was across her belly. Her bare buttocks rested directly on the rough material of the cinema seat and she suddenly became terrbily aware of the thin line of discharge that slid out of her pussy and crept towards her asshole with the speed of cool honey.

Katie almost jumped from her seat as Lauren rested her hand casually on the exposed flesh above her mons. At any other time, the young girl would have relished the touch but now, as she felt her warm cream ooze between her buttocks and across her tight sphincter, she dreaded what was to come. If Lauren kept her hand there, it would be fine. She enjoyed the warm touch on her smooth flesh but she knew it wouldn't last. 

As if her melancholy thoughts were a self-fulfilling prophecy, Lauren's fingers walked downwards, dallying along the top of her cleft, almost indifferently. Katie snuck a glance at her owner as the tantalising fingers brushed gently back and forth across her sensitive flesh. With a slow, gradual motion, the fingers slipped lower, towards their inevitable goal. 

Katie could not suppress the soft moan that escaped her as her owner's fingers found the delicate hood, toying with the tender flesh before resting on the tiny, pink button beneath. It's protection stripped away, even this gentle touch had the young schoolgirl squirming in her seat, unable to keep still despite her desperate need to avoid detection.

"Knees down, Kitty. Keep those legs open," Lauren whispered, dashing any hopes the young girl had of regaining some of her modesty. "Drink."

Katie was grateful for the small sips of cool drink she was permitted. Her face burned with a heat that she felt was unnatural. She could feel the tiny beads of sweat forming on her upper lip and was sure it was not the only place the moisture was gathering. How could she be so hot in the air-conditioned cinema? She was no stranger to the flushing heat of humiliation but this was something different. She felt as if she was burning up, radiating heat. Surely Lauren could feel it?

Katie sat for the rest of the movie, her butt pushed to the edge of her seat, legs spread baring her smooth pussy. Every now and then Lauren would slide a hand along her leg, absently tracing tiny patterns from knee to groin. Each soft caress sent a shiver of anticipation through the young girl, reminding her of the tender lovemaking of the night before, and, she hoped, heralding the pleasure of the night to come.

"Pull your dress down Kitty, butt back in the seat. Legs open, don't be naughty now."

Katie cringed at the gentle castigation, the mere idea of being thought naughty in her owner's eyes causing her distress. She was thankful for finally being allowed to cover her nudity. It was a strange feeling, to have her body covered after being exposed for so long, but it was one which comforted her as it banished many of her fears.

She couldn't help but glance sideways at the small pink panties neatly folded on the packages beside her. The next step was to slide those up her legs, providing her with her last line of protection. She wouldn't feel truly comfortable until the sheer material was once again hugging her pussy.

The movie had come to an end, the thought of what was to come making the young girl shift nervously in her seat. As the credits started to roll up the screen, people started to leave and Katie had to fight the urge to reach out and collect her panties. Her dress covered her thighs and for that, at least, she was grateful. 

Katie froze in her seat as the couple in their row got up and shuffled out of the cinema. She dared a glance behind her and saw an older couple off to her left, look her way. She snapped her head forward and tried to sink into her seat, deathly afraid they would recognise her for what she was. The heady musk of her arousal had not dissipated, instead settling around her like a miasma of sexual perversion.

"Well Kitty, stand up and put your panties on, I don't think there's any little easter eggs after the credits."

Katie's stomach was twisted in knots. This was the moment she had been dreading since the credits had begun to roll. She stood up hesitantly, looking around the theatre, desperate to confirm she was alone with her owner. The fact that she was not made her freeze, staring at the last couple, almost hidden in the back corner. She flashed a glance at Lauren, who was busy checking her phone. 

Katie tried to delay the moment for as long as she could, trying to keep one eye on her owner and one on the couple in the back. She pleaded for them to leave. There was no way she could get her panties up her legs and under her dress without them noticing. The action would be obvious even in the shadowy cinema. Her silhouette alone was enough to betray her actions. 

Lauren looked up, wondering at the lack of activity in her girl, and Katie flew into action. She grabbed her panties and held them low, to hide their unfolding. She bent over and stepped into the tansluscent underwear, risking one last glance at the couple. They were heading out, finally something was going her way. The agitated schoolgirl slid her tiny knickers up her legs as slowly as possible, never once taking her eyes off the slowly moving couple.

The second they disappeared around the corner, she whipped her panties up her legs, pulling her dress upwards to expose her pussy once more, the only way she could properly seat the tiny garment. As she pulled her dress back down, she sensed movement at the back of the theatre. 

The girl was standing in the doorway, staring right at her, mouth wide in shock. She noticed Katie's look and scurried for her seat, coming away with her bag clutched tightly to her chest. She ran from the theatre without another look in the young girl's direction. 

Katie stood, unable to move. She had tried so hard to stay silent and be on her best behaviour all through the movie and she had come undone right at the very end. Her vision blurred and her chest tightened, making it difficult to breath. She leaned against the seat in front as a nauseous, lightheaded feeling threatened to unbalance her.

"Attention, Kitty. What has gotten into you?" snapped Lauren, looking up at the palefaced teen. "Well?"
"Um, sorry Miss, it's... Um, I think someone saw me putting my panties on," the flustered teen finally managed.
"Well, slut, I guess the real question we should be asking is what has come out of you. Oh, Kitty, just look what you have done to your seat."

Katie glanced apprehensively at her seat, her breath catching as she saw the mess to which her owner had alluded. She nibbled her lip as she saw the white smear contrasting against the dark material, the irregular clumps of thickened cream visible in the pale half-light of the light on the screen. Her arousal could not be denied, even now, amid the whirlwind of humiliation and degradation that had swept her up, she could feel the soft, pulsing lust, lying barely dormant inside her. She looked back at Lauren nervously, unsure what she would be made to do. She knew she would not simply be allowed to walk away.

&#8220;Let&#8217;s go pussywhistle.&#8221;

Lauren emptied her drink, slurping the final mouthfuls noisily, before heading down the aisle and out of the cinema. Katie looked back at her seat despairingly, not wanting to hope that she would be allowed to forget it, but unable to stop the seed from being planted. She grabbed her packages and scurried from the theatre, the soft music from her anklet filling the now empty room. Lauren was waiting just outside the door, thumbs flying frantically across the screen of her phone. Katie waited patiently, not wanting to interrupt, though desperate to leave. Who knew what the girl who had seen her would do? For all she knew, security might be on their way right now to arrest her for indecent exposure.

&#8220;Kitty, did you see the mess that you made in there?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes, Miss,&#8221; the young girl replied meekly, her apprehension clear. She could almost feel the humiliation that was building in the long pause.
&#8220;Well, you had better let the management know so they can clean it thoroughly. It is the least you can do isn&#8217;t it?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes, Miss,&#8221; Katie whispered, eyes blurring with the tiny tears that she knew to be the prelude for a flood she could not control.
&#8220;Go over to the ticket guy and tell him you made a mess on seat J12 and apologise for being a nuisance. Off you go,&#8221; Lauren ordered, patting the nervous girl gently on the bum.

Katie looked plaintively at her owner, but Lauren, having given her orders, had already meandered into the lobby leaving the young girl alone. She very seriously contemplated simply walking out to meet Lauren, maybe lying to her and saying she had done it or maybe even just telling her that she could not. Her hands twisted around the handles of the plastic bags she carried, her indecision causing a fresh wave of nausea that made her want to rush to the restroom. 

She fought back the urge to bring up the meagre food she had been allowed and instead grit her teeth and took her first, hesitant step towards the ticket attendant. After all she had done, this was just talking to someone, just a few words. She was fully clothed, though her nipples were still prominent beneath the tight, black material of her dress. Why was this so hard? She could say what she needed to, degrade herself before a stranger, and then just walk away, never to see him again. So why did it seem as if each step closer to her inevitable humiliation was like walking through a fire.

He glanced around at the soft tinkling that accompanied her every step and Katie stopped so suddenly she actually stumbled forward, almost running into the bewildered attendant. The blushing schoolgirl managed to right herself in time, not wanting to think what would have happened with one more step: his strong hands reaching out to catch her, sliding across her breasts as he searched for purchase on her young body. Katie&#8217;s glistening pink lips parted in surprise, her sudden fantasy throwing her off-balance far more than had the physical stumble. 

&#8220;Um&#8221; Katie began quietly, her voice barely audible above the background hum of the cinema foyer.
&#8220;Can I help you?&#8221;
&#8220;Um&#8221; Katie nibbled her lip, her cheeks burning with an intense, scalding heat. &#8220;I, um&#8221; Fucking hell just do it. Do it. Come on, please. Please Kitty, please.

Katie urged herself onwards, pleading with herself to find the courage to humiliate herself. She knew it had to be done. She had been such a dumb bitch to contemplate disobeying and now she was here and her body would not co-operate. She wanted to just blurt out the words she had been ordered to say and then run off as quickly as she could, losing herself in the crowd, once again becoming just another teenage girl. But she knew, even if that were so, even if she could find a crod in which to hide, she would not be just another teenage girl.

&#8220;I made a mess of seat J12 in cinema three. I&#8217;m really sorry,&#8221; Katie finally blurted, the words gushing out once the dam had broken.

The attendant stood there as speechless as the nervous young girl had been only moments before. Katie looked around the lobby, searching for her owner, then back to the attendant, before scurrying away as fast as she could in her new heels. Her heart was pounding and she felt like a bank robber making the getaway from their latest crime. Her entire body was tense, as if waiting for the sudden keen of alarms to screech through the cinema accompanied by the sound of rushing feet closing in behind her. 

Katie hurried to her owner, expecting, at any moment, to feel the firm grip of authority grasp her by the shoulder. She tried to ignore the wild bouncing of her breasts as she all but ran through the lobby. She didn&#8217;t care that she was making a scene, she just wanted to be with Lauren and leave as quickly as they could.

Katie was breathless by the time she reached her owner, heart hammering against her ribs, chest heaving as the unspent adrenalin coursed through her bloodstream. Her knees quivered as she stood at attention, silently begging for Lauren to lead her from the cinema. The tiny hairs on her neck rose as she felt the continued scrutiny of the ticket attendant. Her back was turned but she could see him call over another staff member and despatch them to cinema three. She could see the shocked faces turn towards her when the discovery of her sluttish discharge was communicated. She could see the security guard called over and move towards her, speaking sternly into a microphone at his lapel. Her breathing was ragged, her lungs fighting the tight restriction in her chest. She couldn&#8217;t stand it any longer, her panic had risen to a fever-pitch. If she didn&#8217;t do something soon she was going to scream, just to release the manic pressure that had built inside her.

&#8220;Miss, please, can we go.&#8221;
&#8220;Hey? Oh, Kitty. Did you tell them of your mess?&#8221;
&#8220;Yes Miss, can we go please.&#8221;
&#8220;They didn&#8217;t want you to clean it yourself?&#8221;
&#8220;Wha- Um, no Miss I, I didn&#8217;t,&#8221; Katie stammered, the fear of being made to go back slamming into her like a physical force, her lip quivering in terror.
&#8220;Never mind, they pay people to clean up after grots, so why not a slut, hey? Come on pussywhistle.&#8221;

Katie followed her classmate out of the cinema lobby and through the mall. The journey was a daze for the schoolgirl, her thoughts focused only on trying to calm down: slow down her breathing, stop her heart pounding so painfully. Deep breath in, and out. In through the nose and out through the mouth, slowly. She remembered the lesson Lauren had given and used it to good effect. She was so preoccupied, the soft jangling of her anklet barely registered on her consciousness, nor did the slowly creeping hemline of her dress.

When the haze finally lifted, Katie found herself outside the mall, standing obediently beside Lauren, seated on the bench by the bus-stop. As her senses returned, so too did the sensations from her body. She still felt flushed, but she could feel the burning in her cheeks had subsided, sure that they had returned to their natural colour. Her chest ached, as if she had been gripped in the jaws of a gargantuan vice that had slowly crushed her delicate body. Her knees still trembled every now and then, a remnant of her frantic flight from the cinema. She was glad that her nipples had softened, finally, though it was a small victory for the restless teen. Thoughts of her breasts made her focus slide lower, to the very seat of her licentious affliction. 

She could feel her damp panties below her dress and she wondered at the sight that would greet her when she was allowed to take them off. Her normal panties would absorb her secretions, soaking up her cream and other juices, but the tiny pink pair she wore were of a sheer material. She could see through them. How much moisture could they possibly take in? Where would it all go? The blood drained from her face as she imagined her cream oozing through the sheer material like yoghurt through a stocking, small beads of white discharge forming on the other side, pooling together and dripping from the sticky mound between her legs.

&#8220;Kitty, come and sit with me.&#8221; Katie moved automatically, her body responding as if on auto-pilot as the troubled schoolgirl&#8217;s mind wrestled with her own imagination. &#8220;What did you think of the movie?&#8221;
&#8220;Oh, um, it was ok I guess.&#8221;
&#8220;What&#8217;s that supposed to mean? You guess?&#8221;
&#8220;Well there was this whole period in the middle that is a bit of a blur,&#8221; Katie ventured, glad for the distraction of normality.
&#8220;Oh, Kitty,&#8221; Lauren said laughing, &#8220;cheeky little puss. You didn&#8217;t miss much. It was a bit of a disappointment really.&#8221;
&#8220;That&#8217;s good,&#8221; Katie said smiling at her owner&#8217;s laughter. &#8220;Well not good, I mean, good in that I would feel bad for missing a good movie but it wasn&#8217;t good so, because I missed it, then it&#8217;s not a big deal.&#8221;
&#8220;You&#8217;re so cute when you babble,&#8221; Lauren said, patting Katie&#8217;s bare thigh. 

Her recent troubles were nearly forgotten at the gentle attention of her owner. The touch on her exposed flesh reminded her just how high her dress had risen, which in turn reminded her of what she had done in the cinema, but she did her best to hold the rushing flood of remembered humiliation at bay, basking instead in the light of Lauren&#8217;s happiness. She wanted it to always be like this. If she was good, she just knew it could be. They sat in silence for a while, Katie not knowing quite what to say to the compliment. She blushed a little, and stared at the sky, content. 

&#8220;Let&#8217;s hope we get home before that hits,&#8221; Lauren said, breaking the comfortable silence. Katie had just seen the bank of dark clouds sliding in across the horizon and worried what would happen to her dress if she got wet. It was black so she should be ok, but it was stretched pretty tightly across her body so who could tell. &#8220;Kitty, you never said if you liked your anklet.&#8221;
&#8220;Oh yes Miss I do,&#8221; Katie rushed to answer, sensing the pout in her owner&#8217;s words. &#8220;I love it, it&#8217;s really pretty. And I love my new shoes too. My legs are a bit sore, but I know I&#8217;ll get used to it.&#8221;
&#8220;I think I ate too much popcorn,&#8221; Lauren said, rubbing her belly and giving Katie an exaggerated grimace. &#8220;It&#8217;s not the best of lunches.&#8221;

Lunch? Katie realised she was hungry and it had to be well past lunchtime. Was Lauren considering their movie snacks lunch? She had been allowed a twizzler, maybe ten pieces of popcorn and lick of cinnamon. Her stomach grumbled as if on cue, but the noise was lost in the rumble of the approaching bus. Was Lauren serious though? Katie knew she liked to tease her but somehow she had the feeling that this was not one of those times. She realised she would have to wait until Lauren wanted her fed, pining over it would not do any good.

The ride home was a blissful interlude for Katie. Lauren allowed her to sit by the window, not only providing her with the vista of the passing scenery but helping to shield her young body from view. When she had sat down her dress was barely hugging the underside of her buttocks and she relaxed into the seat as she was hidden by her packages and her owner's body. 

Lauren held her hand the entire ride home, their fingers intertwined, and spoke excitedly of things both meaningul and mundane. Even though the constant bumping of the poor suspension kept Katie's young breasts bouncing within the meagre confines of her dress, she was able to forget the travails of the morning, as if they had happened to another. She was happy and content, safe in the presence of her lover.

She even shared a twizzler with Lauren, each girl taking their turn biting the twisted stick of candy. Katie couldn't help but think about truly sharing one with her owner, chewing playfully at one end, Lauren at the other, until they met in the middle, lips touching tenderly. She smiled at the silly fantasy, knowing it was from one of her favourite childhood movies but dearly wanting it to play out for real.

As they stepped down from the bus, Katie looked up at the bruised sky and wondered if they would make it home in time. Lauren seemed unconcerned, bouncing along gaily, chattering away to her girl. She didn't care if the walk home took the rest of the afternoon, spending the time with Lauren, as she laughed and bobbed along happily, was more than the smitten schoolgirl could ask for.

Katie smiled as she watched Lauren chase a leaf along the sidewalk, finally pouncing, landing feet together, crushing the particularly crunchy looking leaf with a satisfying crackle. The flaky brown remnants of her indulgent destruction blew away on the breeze, the sharp tang of ozone suddenly hanging in the air. Her smile broadened as Lauren looked at her, a little sheepish that her childish whimsy had been witnessed. Katie realised then that she was in love with this girl.










"Kitty?"
"Yes Miss?"
"You forget yourself."

Katie sank to her knees and reached for her owner&#8217;s feet, chastising herself for forgetting her place. The epiphany that had rocked her had blinded her to her position. The realisation that the intensity of her emotions had moved well past mere friendship had made her forget that she was a possession. That she loved her possessor made her ecstatically happy, distractedly so, but it scared her a little as well. 

"No Kitty, clean them first." Katie obeyed, lowering her body further to kiss the shiny black shoes that Lauren wore. "Right down, belly flat. Don't take an hour to get into position."

Lauren dug a hand into Katie's straight black hair and jerked her head to the side, pressing her face against the side of her shoe. The subservient schoolgirl immediately slid her tongue along the side of the shoe, tasting the dust of her travels. Lauren released her hair, patted the petite girl on the head, and settled back on the lounge.

"Top."

Katie strained her neck and lifted her head to clean the top of her classmate's shoe. She had instinctively placed her hands behind her back the moment Lauren spoke her fist command, her body acting without conscious input. She dutifully ran her tongue along the smooth top of her owner's shoe, removing anything not placed there by design. She continued to lick, in long slow motions, well past the point of cleanliness. 

"Clean the rest, Kitty. Both shoes."

It was the permission for which the young girl had been waiting and diligently went to work on the remaining surfaces of both shoes, squirming her body into position to reach each untouched area. She rested her head against the ground as she licked the side of her owner's shoes, using the opportunity as a chance to rest. Her tongue was never still, curling out in long, sensuous undulations, tasting the street with every lick.

Lauren typed on her phone as her slave continued her service. Katie heard her laugh and her belly tightened in response. She loved to hear her owner laugh but was jealous that it had nothing to do with her. She was startled by the sudden conversation that Lauren began, taking a second to realise that the speech was not directed at her. She tried not to listen in, knowing that not only was it not her place, but that she would have no hope of following the one-sided conversation. She had been given a task and her only consideration was to complete it. Still, with each gentle laugh or surprised exclamation she felt her stomach twist at her exclusion. She blushed at being left to her servitude, kept apart from her owner's happiness, as if she did not matter. Lauren's shoes were well and truly clean by the time her conversation had ended and Katie was once again given the attention she craved. 

"Good girl. Now best to be out of that dress. Fold it neatly, Kitty. Just because it is getting washed doesn't mean you can be rude."

Katie soon stood before her owner, naked but for her small pink panties and shiny new heels. She had glimpsed the crotch of her panties as she removed her dress and the colour of her cheeks showed the evidence of what she had found there. Her thick, white cream had oozed into the sheer material of her panties leaving a congealed mess of discoloured ooze gluing the thin garment to her still-slick sex. It was not a pretty sight, the soft mound formed by the tight cupping of her plump labia was unable to be seen, the sticky mess turning the see-through panties opaque.

"Yes Kitty, I saw it too," Lauren said as she noticed Katie's cheeks colour at the sight. "Take them off and clean them. Such pretty panties and that creamy pussy has made such a mess of them."

Katie gratefully slid the panties down her legs, the tight material peeling away from her pussy, seemingly reluctant to part from the tender flesh. She was careful to keep them at ankle height, raising each leg high to step through, ensuring there was no chance of marking the carpet. She could see the creamy smear glisten in the muted light from the window. Lauren had not as yet turned on any lights, and the storm clouds were rapidly approaching, making the afternoon much darker than it ought to have been.

The obedient teenager stretched the crotch of the panties between her fingers and lapped at her discharge. Katie's eyes never left those of her owner, seeking approval even as she demeaned herself before the pretty girl. She could see the lust in Lauren's eyes, sense the hunger that lay crouching beneath the surface of her careful control. Her eyes widened as she felt her nipples harden. She lowered her gaze at the wicked smile that curved Lauren's lips, suddenly bashful as her owner witnessed her arousal. She could not hide her sluttishness. Why did she even try? Why did she even care? It was Lauren, her owner, her lover. She should be proud of her response, but she had not, as yet, come that far.

When she lifted her eyes once more, peering coquettishly through fluttering eyelids, she saw Lauren's left hand resting on the arm of the couch, elbow crooked and palm up. She stepped forward until her pussy was above her owner's hand and slowly lowered her body until she felt the first warm touch against her skin. She bent her legs a little more, resting her slick mound in Lauren's hand. Katie immediately felt the strain in her thighs, having to bend further than normal due to the unnatural elevation from her high heels. She squirmed, pushing her sex harder into Lauren's hand as she felt two fingers slide effortlessly inside her. 

"My, my Kitty. You are one insatiable little slut. This is fresh. You enjoyed cleaning my shoes, good girl. A slave gains pleasure from serving her owner. I don't think we could find a better example of that truth if we tried."

Katie knew Lauren was right. She had felt the familiar, tingling pulses in her sex as she had licked her owner's shoes clean of all the accumulated dust and dirt of the morning. She had ignored the sensations, though she knew they were there, choosing instead to focus on her task. 

"Well, Kitty first things first. Let&#8217;s get some pics of your new clothes," Lauren said, her wriggling fingers continuing to slide across the soft ridges of the front wall of the young girl's vagina. "Upstairs, quick smart."

Lauren's fingers slid from the naked schoolgirl's pussy with a soft slurp as Katie straightened up and scurried up the stairs. She followed at a more leisurely pace, sliding a hand under her skirt and across her panties, feeling the hard button of her clitoris beneath, rubbing herself in tiny circles as she licked her classmate's moisture from her hand. 

Katie was standing at attention in the centre of her bedroom when Lauren arrived, shopping bags twirling casually from her hand. She stopped in the doorway surveying her property standing there with nothing on. Her legs were spread perfectly, allowing Lauren to see the smooth bumps of her labia peeking out below her buttocks. Her hands rested in the small of her back, clasping each other delicately, the twin dimples above the soft curve of her ass visible on either side. 

The new heels lengthened her slim calves so beautifully. She would definitely need another pair of these. Contrary to popular belief, black did not go with everything and she looked far too sweet to be restricted to the one pair. The cane marks from the morning were still visible, thin red lines crisscrossing her pretty, white bottom. Lauren wondered why Katie had chosen to stand with her back to the door to await her, but the thought lasted for only a moment, more important things occupying her mind. She stepped around the waiting girl and sat down on her bed, drinking in the more interesting side of her slave. Katie's pretty green eyes were wide and bright, and followed her classmate as she sat before her. She watched as her owner looked over her body, standing patiently as her nakedness was inspected. 

Lauren's eyes roved across the full, firm mounds that graced the young girl's chest. They were exquisite: almost perfectly round, sitting high on her chest and with only the most minute drop, as if they were so bold as to defy gravity itself. The tiny pink nipples that tipped each breast were strikingly hard, standing at attention as if mimicking the schoolgirl's stance.

Her eyes sank lower, taking in the near flat stomach, sporting the gentlest of curves, before sliding into the smooth, unblemished flesh of her mons. Lauren spent long minutes admiring the pretty teen's pussy, marveling at how very different it was from her own. Plump where hers was slim, wet and oozing where hers was... well maybe not right now but the little slut became aroused at the drop of a hat, something which she enjoyed immensely and was doing her best to foster.

"Ok, Kitty, you may remove my shoes," Lauren commanded, once she had taken her fill of the young girl's body.

Katie sprang into action, falling to her knees, glad to be out from under the sight of her owner. She was helpless against those haunting blue eyes. She felt terribly exposed, her nudity not a factor, as if the pale, turqoise gaze stripped away her very being and peered deep into her soul. Lauren knew everything about her, her deepest secrets laid bare to the scrutiny of the girl that owned her. Katie reached out and gently removed Lauren's shoes, kissing the top of each bare foot. She was rewarded with a pat on the head and smiled that the initiative she had taken had been right. 

"Stand up. Play with your clit. Now tell me pussywhistle, how do you like your new shoes?"
"I love them Miss," Katie replied, the fingers of her left hand playing across the top of her slit.
"How do they feel?"
"Very nice Miss, though my calves will probably be a little sore tomorrow."
"Your legs look gorgeous. Remember that the pain you might feel is only the price of your training. No pain, no gain you know. A lazy bitch like you used to be can expect to experience a great deal of pain during her training. It means you are learning to be a good slave. I only want what's best for you. You know that don't you Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied breathlessly, her insistent attention on her clit making it hard to think straight.
"Good. Now pussywhistle," Lauren said, sitting up and becoming suddenly serious. "Were you a good girl for me on our outing?"
"I hope so Miss," Katie replied, unsure of herself and unable to compose her thoughts as the pleasure that soared through her body began to intensify.
"Kitty, you know that doing your best to be a good girl doesn't mean that you necessarily are, right?"
"Um, yes."
"You were a good girl, mostly, but your continued need to play with your dress was disappointing. Come," Lauren said, patting her lap.

Katie stepped forward, accepting her coming punishment as what she deserved. She had tried to leave her dress alone, she really had, but it was like a niggling itch that she found herself scratching despite her vow not to. She lay across Lauren's lap, offering her tender white buttocks for correction. She had initially placed her hands on the floor, to spare Lauren her full weight, but at her owner's command she clasped them behind her back, accepting her mistake. She felt Lauren's left hand rest lightly on top of her crossed wrists, a clear warning that they were not to move.

Katie's body was tense, expecting the first slap of her punishment to come at any moment. She was surprised when the first touch on her bottom was a gentle caress, making her feel foolish for jumping. Lauren continued to stroke the schoolgirl's soft mounds, enjoying the feel of the quivering flesh beneath her hand, smiling as the young body tensed each time her hand lifted from the pale skin. She could feel the young girl's frustration as the anticipated pain never came. When she felt the little slut was ripe, she landed her first blow without warning. The dam now burst, the deluge began. Slap after slap landed on the tender buttocks, quickly turning the white skin red. Lauren was sure to alternate between each bouncing mound and to ensure a good spread from top to bottom. Before long, Katie's buttocks were completely red and small moans escaped her as each hand fell afresh. 

"Now, get your hand back on that clit and think about your behaviour. Think about how your butt feels and why."

Lauren gave her bottom one final smack and allowed Katie to rise. The young girl moved a hand hesitantly towards her pussy, looking sidelong at her owner to confirm she had heard the command correctly. She felt her pleasure rise the instant her fingers brushed her tight little clit, almost as if there had been no painful interlude. She thought about the ecstasy she could feel growing inside her but she was thinking of the throbbing heat in her behind and the reason why. Her behaviour had not been good enough and she had been punished. She knew she deserved it but she tried not to think too much along those lines or she knew what would happen. She could already feel the first hint of the tears she was trying so hard to fight.

Lauren left her to work through her conflicting emotions, disappearing from the room as Katie continued to pleasure herself. The panting schoolgirl's hips had started to rock back and forth as her deft fingers brought her closer to climax. She realised what was happening and slowed down her movements, not daring to stop but trying to work within the confines of her submission, to prevent the orgasm she was not permitted and knew she did not deserve.

"Ok Kitty, enough of that. Against the wall my little slut. Model those shoes for me. Legs a little further apart, honey."

Katie smiled unashamedly, her eyes twinkling as she displayed her body for the camera. Lauren had called her honey, a sweet, intimate name that she knew couples called each other. She could barely contain the happiness she felt, even as her photo was taken, something she still did not enjoy. Lauren took more than just the one photo. This time there was a whole series: hands behind the back, hands on hips, left leg a little in front, toe pointed, then the right. Lauren couldn't get enough of her slut in these shoes, especially with the small dollop of cream clinging to Katie's labia. She was sure the young girl had no idea it was there, a small white droplet dangling near half an inch from her slick lips. It could clearly be seen even on the small viewscreen of the camera, once she had it on her computer it could not fail to draw the eye.

"Shoes off pussywhistle. Socks now. And make sure they go underneath your anklet, always underneath."
"Yes Miss, Katie replied, squatting down to unbuckle her high heels.
"No Kitty. Stand up. Now, when you remove your shoes you don't just squat down like some farmer scrabbling in the dirt. You bent at the waist, knees straight and remove them properly, like a girl with some manners."

Katie blushed as Lauren told her off, instantly realising her error. She thought back to the way she had squatted down and knew it had not looked pretty. As she bent from the waist and reached for the buckle of her left shoe, she glanced between her legs and saw what her owner had been enjoying for the last five minutes. She couldn't believe she had not known. A thick string of cream, lumpy and white, dangled from her pussy and she had not even known it was there. Her blush intensified as the true magnitude of her sluttishness was made clear. She finished removing her shoes and placed them neatly in the closet by the rest of her clothes. If only she could put some of them on, maybe she wouldn't burn so terribly. 

Lauren was holding out the rainbow-coloured socks when she returned from the closet and Katie received them dutifully. She made sure to slide her left sock beneath her anklet, ensuring it had the freedom of movement so often denied her. She was photographed in all three pairs in quick succession and was left wearing the pink socks at the end of the session. She had to admit they were very cute, covering her from foot to knee. She had never owned anything like them. And she still did not if she thought about it. Could a possession own anything? Could something that was owned call anything truly theirs?

"Kitty, you look so adorable. Come here, sexy little minx," Lauren commanded, sinking backwards onto her bed as the naked schoolgirl padded seductively towards her, filling the room with the delicate tinkling of tiny bells.

* * * * *

Katie licked her lips as she carried the glass of water up the stairs, tasting her owner's sex and smiling at the memory of their recent lovemaking. She had left Lauren, lying in bed, emitting the occasional giggle as the results of Katie's increasingly talented mouth lingered. She had not come, but Lauren had and despite the frustration she felt, she was happy.

Her body felt electric, on fire, ready to explode and a myriad of chaotic, overwhelming sensations, each time her owner came. When she heard Lauren moan, the high-pitched squeals of ecstasy she knew were due to her attention, something happened to her she could not explain. Even if she was not being pleasured herself, she felt as if her own climax was close, needing the most meagre of touches to push her over the edge.

She had been servicing her owner, her own sex untouched, and though her heart still beat fast, it was from her efforts to please not her own arousal. She smiled as she entered the bedroom, Lauren lying exactly as she had left her, legs wide and almost half off the bed. Her eyes could not help but fall to the slender pink slit bared before her. She had cleaned it thoroughly, being sure to remove all evidence of her lover's arousal, lapping at the soft labia like a devoted dog.

Katie almost dropped the glass she was carrying as she blushed at the thought. Where the fuck had that come from? It had been innocent but it sent her back to the reason she was here, the property of another girl. She thought of it every now and then, though she tried to banish the thoughts as soon as she could, reticent to let the emotions that flooded through her take hold. She was ashamed by the memory of what she had done, but she was excited by it as well. Her afternoon walks with Max were the hardest. 

Katie knelt between Lauren's legs and waited patiently. She stared at her owner's pussy, drinking in the sight, learning each delicate curve and gentle crease. This tiny area of flesh had become such a large part of her world now, consuming her thoughts and holding her hostage to her desires. If she was forced to wait here all afternoon she would count it time well spent. She was mesmerised by the way Lauren's pussy moved as her muscles flexed, her thin labia tightening and relaxing as if her owner's pussy was trying to communicate some carnal message.

"Glass on the bedside table Kitty. Now get your heels on."

Katie complied, this time making sure she stood straight and bent at the waist, dressing herself like a good girl, a girl with manners. She looked down her body as she did so, noticing the wetness of her lips, even in the dirty half-light that filtered into the room from the storm-darkened sky. Her cream was no longer dripping from her pussy, instead it had coated her lips and inner thighs, the slow-drying slime leaving sticky patches on her skin.

"Unaware that I am Shiva, Kitty. A playlist on my iPod. Song 6. Dance for me, my little sex kitten."

Katie hurried to the dock on Lauren's desk and shuffled through the playlists. Katie had only ever had just a big jumble of songs on hers, she was amazed at what Lauren had done. There were heaps of playlists: 'An Occasional Dream', 'Just in Case of Sunrise', 'Inside the Goldmine'. She had no idea what any of them meant but she wanted to know, to hear them, to share in one of Lauren's passions.

She soon found the playlist and the song she had been instructed to find and hit play, not knowing what to expect from a song called 'Justify My Love'. The moment the slow beat began she knew what to do, her body beginning to move, sinuous and sensual as she looked toward her owner. 

Lauren had propped herself up against the pillows at the head of her bead, sipping from her glass of cool water, the very picture of indolence. She smiled languidly as she watched the pretty schoolgirl dance before her, her young body lithe and inviting. Katie's passion was high and she let her desire flow through her, informing her motion: hips grinding and swaying slowly, body turning to the beat. Her lips curled into a coquettish smile as she slid her hands down the outside of her breasts, lowering her hips and opening her legs in one smooth motion.

She used her lust to endowing her every move, each slow twirl of her head, each sensual turn of her thigh, inhabiting the song to which she danced. She listened to the breathy voice, feeling as if it spoke directly to her. She watched her owner in the shadows, dancing for her, feeling the submission in the act, her status as an owned thing sending tight waves of sensation through her belly. Katie wound down slowly as the song came to an end, not wanting the feelings that swirled within her to stop. Even in the growing twilight she could see the tiny bumps on Lauren's chest, her hard nipples standing above her small breasts, calling to her like beacons in the darkness. She wanted to go to her, to slide across her owner's supine body, kiss her, suckle those tight, tiny buds until she heard the girl gasp.

Instead the naked schoolgirl stood at attention, wearing nothing but her four inch heels and the pink knee-high socks. Katie could not see, but she knew the state of her pussy. She would not be surprised, this time, if she were to see a thick drop of her cuntcream dangling lewdly from her vagina. 

"Well, well Kitty. Aren't you just my little private dancer. How could you ever doubt you are a slut?"

Katie smiled bashfully, hanging her head and looking at her owner through lidded lashes. After the way she had moved, so smoothly and so free, and the way that had made her feel, she too wondered how she had ever questioned who she was. All the signs had been there, even before she had become Lauren's property. Who but a slut invited a dog to lick their pussy?

"I think sometime we might just have to get you some lessons, harness that raw potential. How is your homework project coming along?"
"Really good, Miss. I could do it now," Katie replied eagerly, willing to please.
"No my little slut, maybe later. You have had your fun, now it is my turn. Don't you think it is time for me to enjoy what I own?"
"Oh, yes Miss," replied Katie, thoughts of her owner's mouth on her pussy, lapping at her cream, made her breath catch in her throat.
"Take all the ropes downstairs, place them neatly on the lounge. Then stand in the far corner."

Katie's hoped were dashed in an instant. She couldn't believe how dumb she had been to think that Lauren had meant she was going to give her pussy the same attention. She had serviced her owner, the duty of a slave and now she was to be played with as if she was a toy, Lauren taking whatever enjoyment she wished from her body. She chastised herself the entire time, a steady litany of self-recrimination as she carried the armful of coiled rope down the stairs. She placed them all neatly in a row on the lounge and hurried to the far corner, eager to be in position when Lauren came down the stairs. 

"Facing the corner, Kitty," Lauren scolded when she appeared minutes later. Katie blushed and spun around, pressing her face into the corner, the cool plaster on her breasts making her nipples begin to harden. She couldn't even manage to get that right. "Hands behind your head. You know the corner posture, stop being naughty."

The young girl waited patiently as Lauren pottered around behind her. She wanted desperately to see what her owner was doing, the anticipation of what was to come driving her to distraction. Even though Lauren was only feet away, Katie felt alone and forgotten. Her nose was buried in the corner, barely an inch from the wall, and she had to resist the urge to lean against the cool surface, an act of laziness she was determined not to perform.

"Get over here slut."

Katie scurried from the corner, the harsh tones causing her anxiety to deepen. Her body remained loose and malleable as Lauren pushed and pulled her limbs into the configuration she desired. Her legs were spread past her shoulders, her arms tied tightly at the wrist behind her. Rolls of thunder rubmled across the sky, adding to the sense of foreboding that made the pretty schoolgirl's knees tremble. Before she quite knew what was happening her arms were wrenched upwards, her body folding forward to compensate for the painful posture. Moments later she felt Lauren's hand slide along her now horizontal body, a gentle caress from buttock to shoulder. Katie looked up as Lauren stood beside her and wondered how her arms could be pulled so high into the air with her owner next to her.

She gasped as her hair was pulled roughly into a tight ponytail, her head immediately jerked backwards and held in position. Katie shuffled in her high heels, trying to find a position in which her arms were not pulled so painfully high behind her. Nothing she tried alleviated the rigid posture, her body remaining almost parallel with the floor, her head pulled back, forcing her to look straight ahead. She tried to glance to the side, but could only move her eyes, any head movement causing a painful tug on her hair. Even as she tried to deal with the pain of the strict position she could not stop wondering how she was being secured. 

"Don't strain that pretty little brain, Kitty. Exposed beams, my little slut, something every house just must have. Now, legs wider slut," Lauren ordered, nudging the young girl's feet with her own. 

Katie took tiny steps, barely moving her feet at all, each small movement increasing the strain on her arms. Lauren continued her insistent instruction until the petite schoolgirl's legs were widely spread, the strain in her thighs almost as intense as the pain in her near-vertical arms. The sudden sensation between her legs was unexpected and she jumped in surprise, yelping as her muscles were jolted painfully. The sudden spike of pain was soon forgotten as the tongue of her owner scalded her wet pussy. Maybe she hadn't been wrong after all, Lauren just had to add her little touches. She knew how much her owner enjoyed tying her up, something that would heighten the pleasure she gained from using her. Katie had never enjoyed the tight restriction of her bondage, but she looked upon it in a new light, the helplessness of her position warring with her desire to make Lauren happy.

Soon after this minor epiphany, she almost lost the ability for coherent thought, the bewildering intensity of the ecstasy that surged through her causing the panting teenager to moan and squirm as much as her bondage allowed. Lauren's entire mouth now enveloped her plump pussy. She pushed her body back as her owner's tongue slid along the length of her slit, parting her full lips before slipping deep inside her, swirling along the delicate ridges and folds of her vagina. Katie could not control herself, using the restriction of the ropes around her wrists as leverage to push her hips backwards, desperate for the tongue to delve deeper. 

"Delicious, Kitty," Lauren said, leaning back on her heels before crawling underneath the young girl. She came up in front of Katie, rested on her haunches and kissed the secured schoolgirl passionately, transferring the taste of her sex as their young tongues swirled their sinuous dance.

"Kitty, remember that pain is temporary, service is forever. I don't want to hear any silliness from you. Okay pussywhistle?"
"Yes Miss," Katie gasped, not sure what she meant.
"If I have to gag you, well then, let's say a zebra will envy that cute little ass of yours."
"I'll be good," Katie replied, dreading what the need for the warning meant for her immediate future.

Lauren disappeared, increasing the trepidation that gripped the young girl. While her owner was near she knew what to expect, but left to her own devices, a myriad of wicked fantasies blurred through her mind as she waited for Lauren to return. The first evidence she had was a burst of pain in her left nipple, a pain which she had felt before. She knew a second clamp would soon be attached to her right nipple and clenched her jaw in anticipation.

"There we go," Lauren exclaimed as Katie gasped with the painful application, "now you look so much prettier. But still not..."

As she panted forcefully, trying to expel some of the pain that radiated through her chest with each loud exhalation, she heard Lauren leave the room. She was left alone, her body wracked with pain both dull and sharp and tried her best to calm down. The longer Lauren was away the more intense her fear of abandonment became. She knew it was stupid, so fucking stupid, but despite her owner being the source of her pain, she could bear it more easily when she was there.

"Here we are slut. Those beautiful titties are going to get some exercise too. I bet it's the first weight session they've ever done. Well?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied, unaware a question had been posed. She tried to look around to see what Lauren had brought and whined frustratedly at the sharp tug in her scalp. She hated not being able to see, having to wait until Lauren enacted her latest fantasy, her imagination running wild. 
"I didn't give you permission to move your feet."

Katie hurriedly shuffled her feet back to their original position, but it was too late. She had demonstrated her inability to obey and felt ropes slide around her ankles. When she felt Lauren return to her side, she tested her new bonds, finding she could no longer move her legs either. Her final freedom had been removed because she could not seem to behave herself. The secure schoolgirl moaned as she felt a tug at her left breast, then another. The pressure in her nipple increased with each tug though it was not until the third when the pain in her breast spiked that she realised Lauren was adding weights to the clamps that pinched her nipples so cruelly. She squealed as yet another weight was added, her nipple now feeling as if it was being wrenched from her breast.

Now that she knew what was coming, Katie could not remain silent as her right nipple was distended by the addition of the small metal weights Lauren's father used in fishing. Individually they didn't weigh all that much but the weight did not take long to add up. Katie tried to stay calm, to keep her breathing slow and even, but the clamps were constantly moving, the gentle swaying of the weights that pulled her nipples to the floor refused to allow the young girl to become accustomed to the pain. This was not how the clamps had felt before.

For a second, just one second, Katie forgot the pain that gripped her nipples. Lauren was back between her legs, fingers sliding gently along her soft lips. The bent teen moaned as she was filled, the hard ridges of her dildo instantly familiar. Her pussy welcomed the glass intruder, opening and accepting the hard shaft until she felt full. Lauren began fucking her, slow movements at first, allowing her to feel the bulbous ridges of the dildo push past her plump labia and slide in and out of her wet opening. With each thrust the weights that hung from her nipples swayed and swirled never allowing the young girl a moment's relief. As the speed of the fucking increased, the gentle swaying of the weights turned into violent jerks, tugging on the vicious clamps, tiny metal teeth digging into the tender flesh of her nipple.

Katie's moans grew to match her owner's now frenzied speed. The pain in her breasts was agony but the ecstasy that had built almost to its peak was exquisite. The young girl did not know how to deal with the conflicting emotions, her mind a confusion of sensation. She could never have conceived of such feelings, nothing in her sheltered young life could have prepared her for such torment. 

As suddenly as it began, the intense fucking stopped. Katie's hips continued to buck back and forth, her body unwilling to accept the reality of the loss. She groaned a sad lament as the orgasm she knew was only moments away was denied her. As if in answer to her bodies need for a hole to be filled, Katie felt something forced into her mouth. She responded on instinct, opening wider to accept the unknown object. Her lips closed over a large rubber ball, her tongue sliding over the smooth surface as Lauren tied the straps behind her head. She moved her lips, adjusting them around the ball, tasting the rubbery flavour that filled her mouth. She had been making too much noise, obviously. She hadn't even noticed, overwhelmed by the emotional turmoil that had raged inside her - the dichotomy of pleasure and pain, sister sensations she was only just beginning to comprehend.

Katie looked into Lauren's eyes as she squatted before her, the pale blue eyes catching and holding her gaze. "Noisy little cunt aren't you? You're making more noise than the storm. Smell that Kitty? Don't you just love the smell of rain? Oh, you wouldn't be able to smell anything but your cunt I guess. You were going to come then, hmmm." Katie tried to nod her head but her hair was pulled too tightly behind her. "You weren't going to be naughty though were you?"

Katie shook her head forcefully, desperate to make Lauren believe her. She groaned into the gag as she set the weights hanging from her nipples swinging violently. She tried to calm down, the soft touch of her owner's hand only able to do so much. She breathed through her nose, huffing loudly as she tried to fill her lungs with air.

"Those clamps hurting? Would you like me to take them off? Speak up, Kitty. No? Well then, I'm going to check that all the windows are closed before the rain really starts coming down."

Katie's eyes followed Lauren as she moved out of sight. She heard her leave the room and closed her eyes, trying not to let her fears control her. She could hear the sounds of windows closing, muted noises from around the house. It was in the moments of silence, when she did not know where Lauren was, when the terror of being alone consumed her, that she foolishly struggled in her bondage. She succeeded only in increasing her pain, but it took her mind temporarily from her loneliness. Her eyes roved continuously around the limited vista she could see, not daring to close them for fear of missing her owner's return.

After what felt like an age to the restless schoolgirl, Lauren returned, sauntering into view, a tall glass of juice in her hand. She sat down on the lounge, fixing her skirt daintily before taking a sip of her drink. Katie stared at her owner, strings of drool forced around her ballgag, dangling from her mouth, Lauren's beauty only making her feel more unattractive and unworthy. Even dressed all in black, in a simple skirt and t-shirt, Lauren was a vision.

"Well, my creamy little coconut, would you like those weights off now?"

Katie tried to move her head but failed. She needed to answer, she needed the clamps off her nipples, she could barely think through the pain that spiked constantly through her breasts. She tensed her body, pulling against her bonds and lifted her head, just enough to perform one small nod. She paid for the gesture with a pulse of pain in each of her breasts, as the weights jerked at the end of their tethers.

"I hope you understand what your poor behaviour cost you, Kitty," Lauren scolded as she unfastened the gag and slid it from the straining teenager's mouth.
"Thank you, Miss," Katie said breathlessly, the moment the gag was out of her mouth. She licked her lips, trying to collect as much of the unfallen drool as she could, not wanting to worsen the mess she was sure she had made.
"So you would like the clamps off?"
"Yes please Miss," Katie said hurriedly, not wanting to miss the opportunity. "If it would please you."

Lauren looked at the young girl and knew she was sincere. Even amidst the intense pain she felt, she still had the presence of mind to remember her place. Or was it remembrance? Was it, maybe, a result of the acceptance of her place. A shiver ran through Lauren's body at the thought, her nipples stiffening beneath her tiny tee. 

"It would, Kitty. We have other things to do."

Lauren crawled beneath the bent girl and reached out delicately for the clamps that dug cruelly into Katie's breast. Without further warning the weighted clamp was removed from the young girl's left breast, the vicious metal teeth opening, allowing the blood to flow back into the tiny pink bud. Katie grunted, primal and deep, as agony slammed through her breast. She wanted to scream, wanted it desperately but she knew she should not, knew that she had to try and be as quiet as she could for her Mistress. She writhed within her tight bondage, yearning for some kind of outlet to help deal with the pain that filled her chest.

Her composure was shattered as Lauren's mouth closed over the abused nipple, her valiant attempt to remain obedient dashed as a scream burst from her. Katie quickly cut off the undisciplined scream and stamped her feet as her owner suckled, teasing with her lips and tongue. Her breathing was ragged, heart wild as Lauren continued to suckle until the squeals from the bound schoolgirl quieted into soft moans. She could feel the depressions in the tender flesh start to even out and knew it was time to complete the set. She reached down under her skirt and gently rubbed a hand over her panties, pressing upon her hard clitoris as she enveloped the freed right nipple, mouth working on the stiffened flesh as Katie groaned, the pain spiked once more.

How the fuck could it feel so much worse to have the clamps removed? The quivering schoolgirl simply could not understand, her brain able only to process the intense pain that seemed to have invaded every nerve in her young body. It took longer, this time, for the pain to subside, turning slowly and subtly into something she did not realise as pleasure until Lauren's mouth was removed, her nipple suddenly cool.

"See Kitty, good girls get rewarded."

Katie wanted to reply, she wanted to let Lauren know that she was good, she wanted to be good, but her only response was a low grumbling from her belly. The meagre food she had been allowed for lunch was making itself known and she blushed at the unsolicited sounds from her body. She had no idea why she felt embarrassed, she just did. Even now, naked and bound, pain still coursing through her body, she could still feel this way. She grit her teeth, determined to push aside the emotions she so detested in herself.

"I have a hungry slut on my hands it seems. I know what you want to eat Kitty, but I think you need something a little more substantial. But first," Lauren said, sliding her hand up the quivering thigh of the trussed teen, "we need to get you a little more comfortable."

Katie stayed completely still, moving only when Lauren gave her permission or directly manipulated her body into position. She silently thanked Lauren as she was slowly lowered to the ground, the relief she felt being able to lie on her side was heavenly. Her shoulders and thighs ached from the strenuous position she had been forced to hold for what felt like an hour. 

Her sigh of relief turned into a grunt as the rope that still bound her wrists was wrapped tightly around her waist, again and again, forming the strict belt that she was coming to expect as part of Lauren's preferred restraints for her. She lay compliant as her bondage deepened, her left leg pulled towards the ceiling until it was stretched taut. 

Katie looked up, her new position affording her the chance to see the rope stretched between two eyelets embedded in the exposed beams above. She tested her bonds, something to which she had become accustomed, and realised that by securing just the one leg, her movement was restricted almost entirely.

She lay on her side, resting as well as she could in the tight restraints, as Lauren left the room. A strange confusion of emotions surged within her as she waited for her owner to return. She didn't enjoy being used in this way, though she knew it was simply part of being owned. She was Lauren's possession to use as she pleased, but she could not come to like what Lauren did, or to enjoy her part in it. And yet she felt such a wave of feeling for her classmate that was at odds with her abuse. Lauren had seen her need and had responded immediately. She was looking after her, even during this... she wasn't sure what to call it, play? She could simply have ignored it and continued with whatever infernal plans she had for her body, but she had stopped and soon she would be fed. 
Katie was still trying to reconcile the feelings when her owner returned, moving behind the bound girl and kneeling down, lifting her head and resting it gently in her lap. Katie looked up into the beautiful smiling face of her owner and could not help but smile back. 

"Open."

Katie opened obediently, eyes widening just a little as she felt a soft touch along the sensitive lips between her legs. She knew that she must have cream slathered across her vulva and very soon she would be tasting herself once again. She was not disappointed as, a moment later, a small plastic nipple was thrust into her open mouth. 

"Drink."

She immediately began suckling on the small baby bottle that Lauren held to her mouth, the taste of her sex flavouring the cool water she managed to draw through the nipple with each gentle suck. She looked deep into her owner's eyes, entranced as she slowly emptied the bottle, her lips pursed around the tiny teat. Lauren stroked her hair gently, smiling down at her slave as she fed.

Katie knew this was wrong. She knew that being fed from a baby bottle by another girl was not something that should make her feel this way, but she could not help the deep sense of contentment that washed over her, filling her with a serenity she had never before experienced. Not even when she had lain with Lauren, their bodies entwined after making love, had she felt this way. She wanted to close her eyes, to break the mesmerising hold that Lauren had upon her, but she could not. She continued to suckle, the faint squelching as her mouth worked the tiny nipple making her blush. Even the familiar flush of warmth in her cheeks could not banish the feeling of tranquility that enveloped her.

"Mmmm, thirsty Kitty, hey."

Katie nodded imperceptibly, not stopping the gentle rhythm she had established until Lauren withdrew the bottle from her mouth. She could not believe the sense of loss she felt but the strange compulsion was broken and the young girl looked sheepishly away, suddenly shy, not wanting Lauren to see the depth of her feelings.

"These could do with a little flavour I think," said Lauren, thinking out loud. 

Katie's head was gently lowered to the floor allowing Lauren to crawl between the young girl's open legs. She had known what was coming but she was still surprised by the first touch at her sex. 

"One, two, three, hell Kitty, I think we can do all ten."

Katie could feel the gentle touch as something was slid inside her but she could not tell what was happening. She was dying to be able to see, but even if she strained her body, she knew that what was being done to her pussy was beyond her ability to see, or control. 

"Ok, Kitty. Let's have them back. You can't eat them down there. That's my girl. Those cunt muscles definitely need some training."

Katie tensed her belly and bore down on her pussy, squeezing out the small objects Lauren had slipped within her. She could feel each one slide out, opening her vagina so very briefly. She counted only seven and as she squeezed and squirmed, doing everything she knew how, she finally felt her lips part an eighth time.

"Far too slow. Such a lazy pussy."

Katie was glad it was over, realising she must have pushed out multiple objects at once. It was not until her head was once again resting in Lauren's lap that she realised what had been done. She watched as Lauren lifted a grape from the bowl she held, the small oval held delicately between her fingers, the deep, wine-coloured surface streaked in white. 

Katie opened obediently as the cream-covered fruit was lowered into her mouth. She first tasted her sex but the burst of rich flavour as she crushed the delicate oval soon overpowered the taste with which she had become so familiar. She ate all ten grapes, each one presented as tenderly as the first. Lauren stroked the hair back from her temple as she ate, calming the young girl into a near-trance. Once she had finished her first course, the process was repeated again and again. On Lauren's fourth trip between her legs, Katie jumped in surprise as something large and cool was thrust inside her. She had only been expecting more grapes, the small, smooth ovoids providing a gentle sensation that tantalised her.

Lauren stayed behind the supine teenager as she removed the object from one hole and presented it to the next. Katie complied dutifully, biting down and removing an inch of the moist-tipped carrot. As she crunched noisily, Lauren thrust the vegetable deep inside the captive schoolgirl. Katie moaned in pleasure as her classmate ran her hand along her left leg, caressing the taut muscles of the young girl's thigh. Her right leg stretched severely to the ceiling, opened the young pussy, each thrust of the edible intruder causing the entrance to her sex to widen, closing slowly as if craving to be filled.

The carrot continued between mouth and cunt until the final piece was popped into her mouth, the room filled with the loud crunching of the crisp vegetable. Lauren left her young slave to devour the last of her meal and stepped to the window, taking a deep breath of the cool air, heady and redolent of rain. The low rumble of still-distant thunder heralded the coming tumult and she shivered at the tempest to come. 

Lauren stayed at the window, breathing deeply and enjoying the harsh tang of ozone as she watched lightning flash in the distance. She closed her eyes and let the excitement flow through her, feeling the tingle of arousal deep in her belly. She had never been able to deny a storm, locking herself away and seeking pleasure in the raw power that surrounded her. Until Kitty had become her property, the most powerful orgasms she had experienced had been within the depths of the most tumultuous of storms.

She looked back to the young girl, bound on the floor behind her, illuminated only by the pale twilight that seeped through the house. Katie was looking up at her, waiting obediently to be used once again. She did not have much choice, but that wasn't entirely true, Lauren admitted. She had no choice but to wait, but she could have been anything but obedient. The slim schoolgirl was not surly or impatient. She simply waited in the position into which she had been placed, anticipating her next service. Lauren smiled and returned to her young charge, cooing softly to her as she fed her the last of the water. As Katie suckled once more at the plastic nipple, the first drops of rain spattered against the windows. The bottle was pulled from her mouth and rolled casually aside.

"Time for dessert."

Lauren stood up and slid her panties smoothly down her legs. Katie's belly flipped nervously as she watched the crumpled black underwear thrown onto the floor beside her. She licked her lips, knowing what was to come next. Lauren still wore her skirt as she lowered her body over Katie's face, the young girl's mouth opening well before contact was made.

Darkness fell over the schoolgirl as Lauren's skirt draped around her face. Lips met, the groans of both girls mixing with the peals of thunder rolling ever closer. Katie had not received any specific orders but her instincts took over and she lapped the petite labia as if they held the key to her survival. Lauren slowly lowered her weight upon the schoolgirl, losing herself in the increasing speed and enthusiasm of the little slut&#8217;s mouth, the tamed tongue working the delicate folds with a feverish intensity.

Katie worked diligently, trying to ignore the discomfort her bondage caused and focus entirely upon her owner's pleasure. Her lips and tongue, mouth and nose all played their part in bringing the girl atop her to orgasm. Lauren ground her pussy into her slut's face as wave after wave of ecstasy pounded upon her. She raised her hips only when the first hint of a giggle, her uncontrollable post-orgasmic response, began to threaten. Her body had only moved an inch, just enough to break the contact, but the young girl beneath her followed the object of her desire, seeking to please as long as it was in her power. 

Lauren giggled and rolled to the side, leaving Katie gasping and flushed at the first breath of fresh air she had been allowed in some time. She rolled her tongue around her mouth, sliding smoothly across her teeth, savouring the taste of her owner. She knew it was a terrible thing to admit, and she would never let Lauren know, but she preferred the taste of her own pussy. Only just, but even so... She knew she should like her owner's better but she had long ago discovered she could not deny her feelings. Maybe in time she would, she hoped she did, she knew it was only right.

Katie looked at her owner, smiling as the occasional, uncontrolled outburst shook her slim body. Lauren was so pretty and now, her face flushed with the glow of her climax, she looked preternaturally beautiful, more beautiful than anyone had a right to be. Katie longed to go to her, squirming in her bondage as she tried to reach the prostrate girl, unable to do more than wriggle her hands behind her. She could see Lauren's skirt lying askew, showing off a tantalising glimpse of toned thigh, the slim lips she had so recently tasted visible as little more than a shadowy curve. 

Katie felt her own pussy tingle as she gazed at her lover, unable to stop the lascivious thoughts that flickered in her brain, teasing her with fantasies she could not fulfill, thoughts of a slut. Lauren finally gathered herself and reached fumblingly to realign her skirt. The bound schoolgirl sighed a soft lament at the loss of so beautiful a sight, but quickly cut off her whine, not wanting to displease the girl to whom she belonged, the girl to whom she was dedicated to serving.

"Well that should have taken the edge off my little slut's hunger, hmmm. That cunt needs some training but we'll leave that for your homework next week. Kitty, as cute as I find that creamy pussy, we can't have it spending all its energy on pumping out those juices. Look at it now, still oozing. You know it don't you? Little slut."

Katie had started to cringe, fearing a scolding, but she heard the smile in Lauren's voice and she smiled in turn, knowing that the wetness she could not control was not something to be ashamed of. Her owner wanted a slut, and a slut she had. She could no more stop her pussy from creaming than she could stop her hair from growing.

"Well slut, I think it's the turn for some attention to be paid to your pussy. After all, it has been waiting patiently, creaming up a storm. It's only fair."

Lauren disappeared once more, a shiver of anxious anticipation ran through Katie's body. She wasn't sure how to take that, it could be good or bad, but there was nothing she could do. Even if she had not been bound so securely she would have waited obediently for whatever was to come. A tiny part of her brain screamed at her to struggle, to break free from her bonds and run. She knew it wasn't a bad part of her telling her to do this, providing her with another compulsion that warred with her need to obey, but she wished it would go away. It did nothing but make it harder to accept her owner's treatment, made her second-guess her compliance with the situation she found herself in. She quieted the voice with thoughts of Lauren, her beauty, the way she made her feel when she gave her an order, the way her body responded to the authority in her voice. By the time her owner returned, the young girl had banished the tiny voice of dissent, her pussy pulsing with the thoughts that now occupied her mind. She could feel the slimy liquid slide down across her buttocks, tickling as it slipped slowly across her sensitive skin. 

"Oh Kitty, just look at that puss. You are incorrigible."

Katie didn't know what that meant but it no doubt had something to do with being such a slut. It wasn't until Lauren stood directly above her that the secured schoolgirl noticed what dangled from her owner's right hand. The strange implement she had guessed was made from rope was gripped loosely in Lauren's petite hand, the multiple strands of unravelled rope swinging lazily.

"You have been a good girl, so you can make a little noise now. First though, we need to keep that leg out of the way."

Katie's right leg was soon stretched as taut as her left, only this time it lay along the floor, secured tightly to the leg of the couch. The muscles in her thigh strained at the severe position, her legs now forming a near perfect L. Even though she had tried to keep her eyes on Lauren, as much as her restraints would allow, she screamed in surprise as the small makeshift flogger landed on her vulnerable vulva.

Her scream was lost amidst the noise of the storm, the rain now battering against the house, the strident beat relentless. The flogger fell again, the thin strands flying with full force into the plump flesh of her young pussy. As Lauren continued to flick the homemade whip against the sensitive flesh of Katie's sex, the young girl could not keep still, her body a squirming, straining mass as she tried desperately to avoid the blows.

Her body barely moved, the frenzied writhing not allowing her to avoid even a single blow. The ache in her pussy increased with each strike, the dull, throbbing pain spiking with each stroke. Katie knew she was permitted to make noise but she tried her best to stifle her screams, thinking it would please Lauren to see some control. She did not do very well, simply unable to stay silent as the soft skin of her sex was stuck mercilessly, the plump pudendum turning red under the ministrations of her owner.

As swiftly as it started, the blows stopped falling. She jumped as her throbbing pussy was gently caressed before something thick and long was thrust deeply into her. Katie simultaneously gasped and groaned as the intruder was pumped in and out of her slick sex. The young girl knew immediately that it was not her dildo. She marvelled that, bound and abused as she was, her slut brain still the ability to think about such things.

The muted hum began a moment before the vibrator was pressed against her clit, the tiny pink bud hidden beneath the hood that provided no protection at all. The pain from her whipping remained, the ecstasy that grew by the second barely dulling the pounding ache. In moments Katie knew it was too much. Her entire body felt as it was burning, filled with molten lava, pressure building, looking only for an avenue of escape.

"May I come please Mistress," Katie panted, barely able to form the words.

Her only response was the removal of the vibrator and the unceremonious withdrawal of the dildo from the slick pink folds of her vagina. The frustrated teenager groaned piteously, her climax denied her. Katie screamed, shocked from her reverie, as the small flogger landed mercilessly across the fat lips of her pussy. The swollen pink flesh flattened under the force of the multitude of strands and her body bucked as she tried, in vain, to escape the blows.

Her legs were held open, exposing her to the full attentions of her owner. She was helpless, completely unable to protect herself in any way. Her thighs constantly strained against her bonds, trying frantically to close, knowing even as she tried that it was not within her power. Lauren had total control, her only option was to accept her fate but she could not make her body listen. With each fresh stroke her body tensed in a feeble attempt to break her bonds. Again the beating stopped and her cunt was filled, her clit stimulated by the buzzing vibrator. This time it was only a matter of moments before she could not contain the ecstasy that threatened to rend her young body asunder. She tensed, every muscle fighting for release, wrenching against her strict bonds. She could not move, her body unable to find alleviate the tension focused instead on her sex, all her energy funneling into her pussy, the pressure becoming unbearable. She was panting, moaning, her head twisting in abandon as her body felt as if it was being shaken apart. 

"Macumplems," Katie spat, her mind unable to form the question she so desperately wanted answered.
"Come slut, come for me. Come for your Mistress. Come because I allow it."

At the very moment that her orgasm burst upon her, she felt a pressure at her sphincter. It was small and momentary but as she watched the dizzying sunbursts form behind her eyelids, she felt fuller than ever before. Lauren smiled as Katie's body went limp. She had been waiting for the young girl to black out, but she had not counted on it. She had a theory, the evidence for which was definitely mounting and gently caressed her slave's soft belly as she held the dildo in her pussy and the thick marker pen in her anus with her right hand. She had sensed Katie's realisation the very moment her orgasm overtook her and she could not wait for the little slut to come to.

The vibrator continued to buzz impotently against the carpet. Lauren reached out for the small wand, wanting it close, waiting for the right moment. She had to resist the temptation to twist or thrust the objects in the young girl's holes, wanting the orgasm-induced blackout to run its course. She was intrigued by the behaviour, and though it caused some inconvenience, it was not something she would ever want to change.

It was almost a minute before Katie came gasping back to life. The moment she stirred, Lauren reapplied the vibrator to her clit, the delicate hood having retracted, exposing the hard button to her attention. Lauren thrust the both the dildo and pen further inside the young girl. Katie felt her muscles tighten around the invaders, her brain barely registering that something had been forced into her ass before her second orgasm rocked her slim body. This time there was no escape into blissful oblivion. The uncontrollable ecstasy continued to grow as the stimulation continued. Lauren held firm as she felt Katie's muscles attempt to force the invading shafts from her tender holes. 

"Please Miss, please," Katie gasped, her voice barely above a whisper. 
"No need to ask again kitty, you just keep coming like a good girl."

No, Katie screamed as her body bucked and writhed under the influence of yet another orgasm. She didn't want to come again, she wanted Lauren to stop. She couldn't take much more. Her pussy felt as if it would burn away, so intense was the heat between her legs. Her entire body felt as if it would simply melt into the carpet beneath her.

"No Miss, please... Please stop Miss, please stop."

Katie continued to plead plaintively with her owner, repeating her entreaty over and over. She did not quiet her mumblings until the haze cleared and she noticed her owner sitting cross-legged in front of her. She panted quietly as Lauren smiled down upon her. Katie could not believe she could react like this but she looked away sheepishly, blushing as she realised she had been babbling incoherently long after Lauren had stopped.

"Thank you Miss," she managed breathlessly, hoping to make up for her silliness. She had been completely lost in the ecstasy that spilled from every pore, but still, how could she have failed to notice. Katie breathed deep and slow, desperate to regain her composure. She knew she had blacked out this time, the power of her orgasm too much for her delicate young body to contain. But there was something else niggling her, something she could not quite put her finger on but tantalised her annoyingly, like a mosquito buzzing around her ear.

She finally pinned the elusive thought down, her mouth widening as awareness crept over her. Something had been in her bottom! Hadn't it? She tightened her sphincter but felt nothing. Had there really been something? Had Lauren violated her in that way? She was frustrated with herself for being unable to remember, her inability to control her orgasms a weakness that made her feel her sluttish nature more keenly than ever. 

Katie tried to look around for whatever had been used to penetrate her asshole but her restrictive restraints prevented her from seeing more than a tiny section of the room. She needed to know what had happened but she could not ask Lauren. She couldn't feel anything, not even a remnant of the sensation that haunted her, but there was no way she could ask her owner what had happened. The mere thought had the young girl blushing in embarrassment. 

There was nothing surprising in not being able to discover the truth from her body alone. Her vagina throbbed with both pain and pleasure. She felt her pussy pulse with each beat of her heart sending the blood flowing into her plump labia, filling the puffy lips with a fresh hurt. The beating her pussy had taken was not forgotten, the remaining pain eclipsed only momentarily by the occasional trembling aftershock.

Her pussy dominated her thoughts, even as she gazed at her owner, Lauren's sweet smile almost taking her breath away. It was hard to accept just how she felt about her classmate, especially after all that had happened. Even bound as she was, in the pain that she still experienced, not only from her flogging but from the strain the severe position still put on her body, she couldn't deny the emotions that filled her when she looked at the pretty young girl. 

She knew now that she loved Lauren. She didn't understand it. She of all people, Katie Thomas, loved another girl. It wasn't just that, she loved a girl who owned her, who treated her like a possession, who was training her to be a slave. She loved a girl who humiliated her and caused her pain. How could she feel anything for someone who did those things? How could she possibly even begin to understand her feelings? She couldn't even understand her own body. 

As she tried to come to terms with the confusing emotions that made her question everything she knew about herself and her world, Lauren began to release the strict bondage in which she had been trapped for what felt like hours. Her leg was slowly lowered to the floor, the sensation of being able to have her legs together was strange, almost as if having her legs spread and her pussy exposed was now the most natural of positions. 

Her sex tingled as Lauren gently massaged her thighs, both legs now free from rope. Katie's legs parted involuntarily, as if her pussy was controlling her body, welcoming her owner's touch. The young girl flushed when she realised what she had done but did not move to close her legs, reveling under the soft caresses of her owner. 

Lauren lifted her to her feet, a hand in her hair, the other on her still bound arms. Her slim legs trembled slightly with the unaccustomed weight but she stayed upright with the help of her owner. Katie wanted so badly to lean into her classmate, to feel the strength of her owner support her, but she stood straight, wanting to show Lauren how good she could be.

She breathed a soft sigh of relief as Lauren unraveled the rope belt that had cinched her waist so tightly for so long. She couldn't help but look down her body, mouth parting as she saw the harsh marks left by the ropes. Lauren ran her fingers along the twisting pattern, giggling lightly as Katie's entire body shivered at the touch.

She was finally free from restraint but she was not given long to enjoy the sensation. The rope was soon reapplied to her wrists, her hands once again trapped together, only this time they were to her front, something she was not used to. She stayed silent as Lauren stepped out of view and slowly drew her arms upwards. 

In moments her arms were stretched above her head, as taut and secure as her leg had once been. If she pushed herself to her tiptoes she could gain some relief but she could not keep it up for long, soon adopting a constantly shifting position, from the tips of her toes to the balls of her feet and back again. Lauren watched the delicate dance and smiled as Katie tried to find a level that was more comfortable than the rest. It was soon to be the least of her worries. She stood back and looked the restless teen over. The young girl's body glistened under a sheen of sweat, her pale skin still flushed from her recent orgasms. The restless teen had recovered from the intensity of the ecstasy that had overwhelmed her and she was bright-eyed and ready for more. 

The sexy little slut was a sight to behold. her small nipples stood at attention, the hard pink buds pointing out from her chest, accentuating the fullness of the slim schoolgirl's bosom. Her pussy was a deeper pink, darker lines crisscrossing the tender flesh where a particular strand of the flogger had fallen with greater force than its brethren. The memory of the way the small whip had felt as it landed against the tender flesh made Lauren&#8217;s pussy shiver in delight. She felt the sensation flow into her belly and could wait no longer to enact her next fantasy.

Katie watched with trepidation as her owner left the room once more. She knew this did not bode well for her. Lauren had returned each time with yet more implements with which to torment her. How much longer could this continue? How much more could Lauren want to do to her? All she wanted to do was to lie in Lauren's arms, to feel the comfort she knew was there in her lover's embrace. 

When she saw Lauren return, she realised she had been holding her breath. What was happening to her, she mused, exhaling noisily, embarrassed by her inability to stay in control of even the most simple of things. She stared wide-eyed at the bag in her owner's hand. It was filled with wooden pegs, the very same pegs with which she was already familiar. The next few minutes of her young life were filled with pain, constant sharp spikes of agony set as counterpoint to the growing ache the actions of her owner caused. When Lauren stepped back, Katie looked down at her body, small tears that had been welling in her eyes trickling down her cheeks.

Her breasts looked like two quivering hedgehogs clinging to her chest, the tender flesh studded with pegs, the small wooden clips cruelly pinching the soft meat. Lauren had started by surrounding the nipples, creating a perfect circle of pegs around each tiny bud. Even through the mounting agony, Katie wondered why her nipples had been spared. Once this pattern had been set, Lauren had begun to place the pegs randomly, covering her malleable mounds and the delicate skin surrounding them.

Katie had lost count at the thirtieth peg, or had it been before that. She had watched Lauren's face, not willing to witness the application of each tiny torturous clamp. Her owner had been so intent, the look of concentration complete. Sarah marveled at how pretty she looked but willed her to smile. She could do nothing but submit, accept her owner's desires for her body. She tried her best to make the pain a part of her, to accept it as something that made Lauren happy, but it was difficult. She could not quite reconcile the pain as a part of her submission, her tears a testament to her failure to accept this part of her life. She suffered it for her owner but it was all she could do. 

Lauren stepped back to admire her handiwork and smiled at the young girl's bristling chest. Katie felt her own lips twitch into the ghost of a smile as she felt the quiet thrill flutter in her belly. How could it be right for a simple smile to make someone feel such intense emotions. She blinked away her tears, her spirit buoyed despite the continued pain in her chest.

Lauren moved back to the stretched schoolgirl and laid down a line of pegs from breast to belly, the line curving from her flank as it neared her sex. Katie groaned with each new application, amazed that the pain she was feeling could actually get worse. She begged and pleaded, silently, that Lauren would run out of pegs before she made it to her pussy. The soft lips still throbbed from their recent abuse and she knew there was no way she could stay quiet if her labia felt the bite of the rough wooden pegs.

Katie profusely thanked her owner as she stepped back once more, apparently happy with her handiwork this time. She wished she could thank Lauren out loud but she had tried her best to be quiet, hoping her silence would please her classmate. She only hoped the tiny whimpers that she could not hold back were okay. How much longer was this going to continue? She was tired and her body ached as it never had before but, as Lauren left the room once again, something strange happened to the securely restrained schoolgirl.

The pain had plateaued, consistent with each fresh pulse of blood around her body, sending back a tiny spike of agony as it passed each tightly clamped peg. She did not enjoy the pain, but it had become manageable. It was the strange new sensation sweeping over her that occupied her mind. She had never felt this way before and she didn't quite understand what was happening.

She felt... alive. She had never felt so alive. She couldn't explain it in any other way. She didn't welcome the pain, she didn't want it or like it, but... Her chest tightened as it often did when Lauren gave her a command. She knew, now, that this was the thrill she felt in her submission. it had been a discovery that had upset her at the time, but which had now become a part of her. The acceptance of her subservient nature was what had allowed her to acknowledge her feelings for Lauren. She was young, she knew what people would say, but she knew what love was. But this...

Lauren came back into the room with a long strand of rope dangling from her right hand. it didn't quite look like that with which she had been bound. It was thinner and much more flexible. Katie didn't know what it was, but it looked wicked and she knew it was not something she would enjoy. Lauren draped the strand around her neck and stepped in close to the straining teenager. She ran a finger along her jawline, lifting the young girl's bowed head to meet her gaze.

"Open, tongue out."

Katie opened and obediently thrust her tongue towards her owner. It glistened in the light, trembling as she waited. She watched anxiously as an open peg closed in upon her quivering tongue. She had to fight the urge to draw it back inside her, hiding it from the pain she knew would soon be hers. She yelped as the peg closed over the very tip of her tongue. She withdrew it now, too late, and quickly realised she could no longer close her mouth.

"Kitty, don't be naughty, get that tongue back out here."

Katie complied, pushing her tongue as far out of her mouth as she could, sending a long string of saliva down upon her breasts. In as many seconds, two more pegs were added, her tongue now sporting a torturous trident of tiny wooden clamps. Lauren had set each new peg at an angle, preventing her from drawing her tongue into her mouth. Katie tried once and felt the level of pain increase tenfold as the vicious bite of the wooden teeth pinched the soft flesh.

"Ok Kitty, I need to cook dinner soon but I should take these pegs off first, yes?"

Katie nodded her agreement, a fresh string of drool cascading from her open mouth. She knew they would hurt when they were taken off, but she wanted it so much. She knew she had no real say in what was to happen but she desperately wanted her owner to know how she felt. The young girl squealed as Lauren ran a hand casually along the line of pegs, rattling them against one another, causing each one to pull at her skin, pinching her cruelly.

Lauren stood back and slipped the wispy rope from her neck and let it dangle from her right hand. Katie watched with trepidation, unable to tell what was about to happen but bracing herself for an experience she was sure she would not enjoy. Reality dawned on the tired schoolgirl when her owner began flicking the rope back and forth. This was no rope, it was a whip. It did not look as she had expected but what did she truly know about any of this. She had no experience with perversion, for all she knew whips were six feet long and were used to swing across chasms while being chased by massive boulders. 

Katie screamed as the whip descended, crashing into one of the pegs on her left side. The peg was sent spinning across the room, the pain from its removal surging through her. Fucking hell. FUCKING HELL. Was Lauren going to whip each peg from her body? She didn't think she could take that. She began mumbling, pleading unintelligibly with her owner to stop, saliva dribbling from her mouth.

A second peg went flashing across the room, this one dislodged from her breast. Katie danced in agony, trying to find some way to alleviate the pain. The whip was a blur in Lauren's hands as each flick of the wrist sent the supple length of leather snapping towards the squirming schoolgirl.

Not every stroke landed cleanly. More than once the whip hit her flesh, sending the young girl hopping from foot to foot to relieve the pain. Often the whip merely twisted the peg, leaving it hanging, the small wooden teeth barely gripping the delicate skin. Katie was far from silent during her ordeal, whimpering between each fresh scream the whip caused. The pegs on her tongue kept her from vocalising her desperate pleas for her owner to stop but it did not prevent her sounds of agony from filling the room. 

Lauren smiled wickedly as she watched Katie dance under the whip. She hadn't had the money to pay for it, but she had conned her father into lending her the money to purchase some new shoes for training. She would make it up to him with Katie's first pay. She had practiced only a little but there was nothing like learning from doing she mused as the whip flicked yet another peg from the naked body of the young girl. 

Katie was a mess, eyes red and puffy from crying, tears still falling with almost every blow. Her nose ran constantly, sending long trails of sticky mucus down her lips and into her open mouth, where it mingled with the continuous cascade of drool that fell onto her breasts as they were slowly denuded. The remaining pegs shuddered as the sobs wracked her pretty body, her breathing ragged and stuttering.

She jerked backward in her bonds as Lauren ran a hand across her belly, quickly removing the last two pegs that clung stubbornly to her young flesh. Was it over? Was it finally over? Katie had lost track not only of time but of sensation. Her world had condensed to the three feet of thin braided leather that flicked mercilessly toward her body. She could never have believed she could feel such things, never believed that such a depth of sensation existed. 

Katie squealed as Lauren removed all three pegs from her tongue, one at a time with slow deliberation. She immediately slid it back inside her mouth, pushing her slime-covered lips together in a feeble attempt at protection. Both girls knew that if the order was given, the moist pink tongue would once again snake between the tightly pursed lips, but for now the illusion of control gave the weeping schoolgirl some degree of comfort. 

Lauren scraped a towel roughly across the young girl's face, jerking her head back and forth with the forceful attention. Katie was glad of the cleaning but it made her feel so helpless. Even bound as she was, fresh from abuse that had rocked her fragile world, such an intimate gesture could still heighten her loss of control and reinforce her status as a possession, an owned thing. Lauren threw the towel to the floor and loosened the ropes keeping the young girl's arms above her head. She was only given a little slack, just enough to stand flat on the floor, the sharp ache in her calves finally alleviated. 

Her owner stepped forward and caressed the still sniffling schoolgirl's face, gently pushing the long black tresses back behind her ears. Katie sagged into Lauren as the strong arms of her classmate wrapped around her. She lay her head on her owner's shoulder and softly kissed her neck. She lost herself in her owner's embrace, in the shelter of her arms everything felt right. She was safe, she was loved. 

Katie's knees buckled slightly but she quickly recovered, not wanting this moment to end. She drew strength from her owner, the pain that continued to surge around her body, submerged beneath the solace she felt in the press of lover's warm flesh. She nuzzled into Lauren, her soft lips pursing against her owner's neck in a near continuous stream of fleeting kisses.

Lauren ran her fingers across the sweat-slick buttocks of the young girl, smiling blissfully as they trembled under her touch. She listened to the storm crash outside, the rolling rumble of thunder distant now, replaced by the incessant drumming of the heavy rain. She could feel Katie's heart beat beneath her breast, the rapid pace slowing as she was comforted. Lauren could feel her own arousal surge once more. She would have to get this little slut between her legs again before the night was over.

"You've been a good girl, Kitty. I'm proud of you." Lauren smiled as she felt the young girl's pulse race at the praise, gratified by the effect of her words. "You didn't like the pegs did you?"
"No, Miss," Katie admitted, knowing honesty was merely a facet of her obedience.
"It's good to know but irrelevant. What matters is that I enjoyed it. Ready for some dinner?"
"Yes please Miss," Katie said anxiously, the emptiness in her belly, despite her light snack, a constant companion.
"While I make dinner, you will collect all the pegs. There are 42. Once you have finished, come into the kitchen and stand in the corner by the table."

Katie groaned as Lauren stepped away and began removing her bondage. Her arms were lowered from the ceiling, the long rope falling beside her once released from the bolts in the ceiling. She played the puppet once more, allowing Lauren to control her body, limbs loose and malleable. Her shoulders sagged as she realised her bondage was not to end. The rope about her wrists was left in place and Lauren simply collected the loose ends and pulled them up between her legs. Katie gasped as the rough rope was yanked against her vulva. She edged her legs wider as she felt Lauren reach from behind, dutifully providing her owner full access to her body. The young girl winced, grunting as the rope was slid between her labia and jerked tight. 

Moments later she, yet again, wore a belt of rope, her waist cinched in a strict embrace. She wriggled her arms and found some movement remained to her, but it simply rubbed the roped across the delicate inner surface of her lips. She would be trying to keep her arms as still as she could, her pussy hurt enough, the ache from her flogging still very much a part the myriad sensations that filled her.

"The bag's over there, hop to it."

Lauren gave her a swift smack on the butt and left the room, leaving Katie to her task. The tired schoolgirl wasted no time. springing to her search, the sting of the slap still tingling in her buttock. She supposed she could use her hands, they were tied tightly together but at least they were in front of her, but it was not very practical. She wriggled her fingers and felt them brush across the moist lips of her sex. If she was to collect any pegs that way she would basically have to squat extremely low and feel around for them. The prospect was instantly discarded, her mouth the only logical option. 

The young girl worked systematically, collecting first those closest to her and spreading out in ever increasing circles. The sound of the rain filled the room, accompanied occasionally by a muted whimper as her hands moved and she pulled the rope through her slit. She could hear nothing from the kitchen as she scurried about the room, kneeling down to collect each small wooden peg. 

She had vowed not to waste a second, knowing that she would need to be in position in the kitchen before Lauren finished cooking. Her main motivation, however, was to be back with her owner. Being separated from her, knowing she was only feet away was a torment that rivaled any she had endured that night.

She felt so weak and silly, her thoughts consumed by her owner: hearing her voice, seeing her face, feeling her loving touch. Even sensing her presence, knowing she was near, was something Katie ached for. She didn't want to feel this way, to be so utterly reliant on another person, to have their very existence be the focus of her own, but this was the way she felt now. This was her life.

* * * * * 

Forty-one: all but one peg had been collected. She had searched almost the entire room and one small peg still eluded her. As time ticked by she became ever more frantic in her efforts to locate the errant object. She was on her knees now, scrambling behind the couch, desperate to fulfill her task. She'd been a good girl. Lauren was proud of her. The young girl blinked back tears at the memory, emotions too intense for her youthful sensibilities to deal with. She had been a good girl and now... And now, she was going to fail. She was going to displease her owner by failing at such a simple task. 

Katie rested her head on the ground, chest tightening as her shoulders jerked with her first full sob. It was then that she saw the object of her desire, wedged on its side underneath the cabinet in the corner of the room. How the hell had it managed to travel so far? She scurried across the room, tears quickly forgotten.

The peg rested against the wall, over a foot away. The cabinet was only a few inches above the floor, there was no way she could slide her foot under there as she had done with the coffee table. Her hands were tied. She had found the peg and yet it was still beyond her ability to finish her task. She had to admit defeat. She had to crawl into the kitchen and apologise for being so useless. The thought of how Lauren would react made her despair. She couldn't face it. She couldn't bear to see the disappointment on her owner's face. Katie sat back on her heels, worrying her lip, trying to think of something, anything.

She looked around the room, heart beating faster with every passing moment. There was almost nothing in the room she could use to help her reach the peg. It was just a normal lounge room, what did she expect to find. She could maybe use the whip, but it was Lauren's and she shivered at the very thought of touching it, using it for something so mundane.

Of course! Inspiration struck the distraught teen like a bolt of lightning from the storm that continued to rage outside. She hurried to the bag of pegs on the table and tipped it over, spilling the small wooden clamps. She worked feverishly, opening and closing peg after peg, until she had created a fragile string of pegs almost a foot long. The moment she picked it up, the construction wobbled and threatened to break but it held together and she was able to walk, slowly but surely, back to the cabinet. 

As she carefully lowered herself to her knees, Katie reflected on the discomfort between her legs, something her desperate scramble to create the peg-pole had more than doubled. There had been nothing else she could do, and if this worked, the pain would have been well worth it. Inch by delicate inch, she pushed the flimsy construction under the cabinet. 

She was performing almost blind, her tightly bound hands feeding the pegs with tiny flicks of her fingers. She didn't want to look at her hands, the normal soft pink skin turned an unsightly purple. She just needed to finish this, get in the kitchen and soon enough Lauren would let her out of the severe bondage. She had been a good girl. Her concentration was focused and complete as she felt the string of clumsily joined pegs bump against the back wall. She bent down to peer under the cabinet, unaware she was being watched. Lauren had stood quietly observing her girl construct her little peg contraption, smiling at the slut's ingenuity. She loved to watch the pretty schoolgirl work, her desire to please radiating from her in an almost tangible aura. Lauren left her to it, returning to the kitchen, her presence unnoticed.

It took her four frustrating attempts, accompanied by the whimpers and groans of a young girl desperate to succeed. Each failed attempt to remove the peg made each subsequent try all the harder, her hands shaking, her body threatening to succumb to her fears and send her sobbing into the kitchen to admit defeat. Small tears of joy ran down her cheeks when she finally saw the edge of the errant peg poke out from the side of the cabinet. Her persistence had paid off, but she couldn't waste any time celebrating, time was ticking away. She slowly drew her chain of pegs from under the cabinet, the last thing she needed now was for it to break, leaving half its length out of reach. 

Katie could barely contain her happiness as she filled the bag with the pegs she had spilt. She was grinning madly, which only made it harder to pick up each peg in her mouth. At last the task was complete, each peg safely deposited in the bag. At last she could rejoin Lauren. Katie all but ran to the kitchen, stopping short, suddenly apprehensive. She tentatively stepped around the corner and saw Lauren busily cooking at the stove. She looked towards the corner where she had been told to wait and stepped softly towards it. The delicate silver anklet tinkled, heralding her presence in the room. Lauren was sure to have heard her entrance, there was nothing for it now but to get to the corner and wait. 

It was difficult, bypassing her owner, she wanted nothing more than to cross the room and slip her arms around the slim girl's waist, press her body against Lauren's and shower the smooth skin of her neck in kisses. Instead she walked to the corner, each step slow and deliberate. She glanced at her owner one last time before facing into the corner, pressing her body as far into the crook of the wall as she could manage. She listened to the sounds behind her, eager for her exile to end. It was hard to be so close and yet so far. The corner felt like a punishment, but she knew it was not the case. Not being able to see Lauren, knowing she was there, busy while she stood still, was preying on her mind. She tried not to think too much about the loneliness she felt, the sense of inadequacy that plagued her. If only Lauren would-

"Kitty?" Katie jumped, yanking the rough rope between her labia. 
"Yes Miss?"
"Are you going to be a good girl during dinner?"
"Yes, Miss, I will be very good," Katie pleaded sincerely.
"Ok then, let's get these ropes off. How's that puss?"
"It's a little sore Miss."
"And..."
"And it's wet too."
"Always wet, hey pussywhistle. We might just have to bottle that cream someday."

A shiver flew down Katie's spine at the prospect. Lauren was so close, she could feel her breath on her neck, the intimate warmth sending a wave of gooseflesh down her right side. Lauren was so close but she still had not touched her. Katie knew that if she leaned back, ever so slightly, contact would be made, but she knew that was wrong. She had been a good girl and she would not be naughty now. 

Finally, after what felt like an eternity of teasing, the anticipation was finally relieved as Lauren untied the rope from around the young girl's waist. Katie's knees trembled as her owner's hands brushed across her skin, sticky with dried sweat. She was spun around and the ropes loosened from her wrist, the first time in hours she was completely unfettered.

Katie was momentarily at a loss with her unaccustomed freedom. Her instincts took over and her hands slipped behind her back, flexing slowly to alleviate the ache from their extended bondage. She faced Lauren now and that was all she had wanted. She lost herself in the hauntingly blue eyes, the high cheekbones, the wicked smile that curled the soft, pink lips. 

She remained still, content, as her owner dropped the rope to the floor and slid a small rubber clip around the front of her collar. Lauren took her by the hand and led her to the table. There was only one place set, a leash looped around the back of the chair. Lauren clicked her fingers and pointed at the floor and Katie sank to her knees.

"Legs wider. Back straight, hands on your thighs, palms up. Fingers straight, Kitty, don't curl them up like some ugly claw." Katie cringed at the correction, wanting only to please. "When you are told to kneel, this is the position you will adopt."

Katie felt the exposure of the position, her legs spread widely, opening her pussy. It felt strange to kneel and not have her hands behind her. Somehow she felt more vulnerable, as if this position was one of welcome, inviting not only scrutiny but access as well, her open palms offering her body for use.

Lauren clipped the leash to the small rubber ring she had looped around Katie's collar, feeding it back through itself. She didn't want her slave's pretty collar to get scratched, the small loop the perfect solution. She stepped back and looked at the kneeling schoolgirl, delighting in the soft young body displayed for her. The little slut had not been touched for some time and yet a patina of moisture still covered her vulva, the dim sheen able to be seen even at a distance.

Katie rested as Lauren served the meal. She could see from the plate set upon the table, that her owner had cooked a succulent chicken breast, broccoli, carrots, sweet potato and beans. The chicken was marked with the enticing black stripes from the grill, something Katie had only ever seen in a restaurant. Lauren finished the setting with a bottle of her favourite beer before serving Katie's meal.

A plate was placed on the floor, the meal identical to her owner's, with only one difference: her entire meal had been chopped into bite-size chunks. Katie stared at the plate of food, her stomach grumbled and her mouth filled with saliva. She was jerked forward as Lauren moved her chair to the table. The young girl recovered quickly, shuffling her knees forward just a little, not wanting to move too much without permission. Katie watched from the floor as Lauren started her meal. 

"Did you have fun tonight kitty?" Lauren asked between mouthfuls.
"Um, sometimes Miss."
"What did you like, hmmm. And don't say coming, that's a given for a slut like you."
"Um, I liked eating your pussy, Miss," Katie replied, preoccupied by the meal on the floor before her. Watching her owner eat was torturous.
"Kitty, you're not taking this seriously," Lauren chastised with mock concern.
"Sorry Miss, um... I don't think I really liked much."
"Good girl for being honest, but I'm not sure that's the whole truth. I mean, just look at your pussy. Slip some fingers in there. Show. There you see, I think you liked more than you know. But you were a good girl, you may eat."

Katie was instantly on her hands and knees, her face lowered to the plate, the first bite of chicken in her mouth. She rejoiced in the spicy flavours that Lauren had sprinkled over the meat and could barely chew for the huge smile that split her face. She strained at her collar each time she leant down to collect the next bite. There was barely enough give in the leash to allow her to reach the plate but she continued to eat, almost without pause.

She blushed as she sensed the familiar tingling between her legs as the flames of her arousal were fanned by her situation. She felt every movement of her leash: as it swung freely beneath her or pulled tight at her collar. She really shouldn't be surprised by the reactions of her body, but she still had not come to terms with the slut that she was. She had accepted the fact, and her status, but she still did not fully understand. The young girl tried to blot out her confusion as she enjoyed the meal her owner had cooked for her.

"Sit up. Head back, right back Kitty. Open."

Katie watched wide-eyed, her head tilted back, mouth open wide, as Lauren took a swig of her beer and leant over the anxious teen. Katie knew what was going to happen, but she was still startled by the first splash of cool beer that fell into her open mouth. She fought the urge to sit up, watching instead as the long stream of yellow liquid cascaded from her owner&#8217;s mouth into her own.

"Drink." Katie swallowed the mouthful, not particularly enjoying the slightly bitter taste. "Eat."

Once again she was back on all fours, finishing the delicious meal. Lauren talked as she ate, Katie listened. She knew that whether or not she liked what had been done to her didn't matter, but to have Lauren tell her, casually as part of a larger lecture on sluts and slaves was still difficult to hear. 

She knew Lauren had feelings for her, you couldn't do these things for someone if you didn't, surely. Lauren's will was what mattered: her needs and wants and desires, her pleasure and her wellbeing were what was important. Katie mattered only in how she could serve, how she could fulfill the wishes of her owner. It was not an easy concept to grasp, it was even harder to accept. She was cognisant of the way her body reacted to her submission, the quiet thrill that shot through her when she received instruction, but it went only partway towards sublimating her own sense of self to ensure her owner was happy. 

Katie wrestled with the concept as she ate, wishing only for a break from the warfare that raged within her. She wanted her reticence, that tiny voice of dissent, to fade away and surrender her to her service. She just wanted it to fuck off and leave her in peace. Everything would be so much easier if she could just do this one small thing. It had grown quieter, often a mere background buzz inside her head, but it came to the fore at the most unlikely of times, when she wanted it the least. She knew the reason she was so quick to feel the flush of humiliation and shame was due to this tiresome voice of reason, the monotony of its insistence galling, causing the hateful rosiness found so often in her cheeks.

Katie tried to calm herself and focus on the meal Lauren had prepared so lovingly. She tried to push away the anxious tightness that had started to constrict her chest, her heart beating rapidly as the upsetting frustration of her situation began to grow. Why couldn't she just leave it well enough alone. She was no longer tied up, no longer a pain-infused toy for her owner. Lauren sat beside her, chatting merrily away, it was a time for happiness not self-recrimination.

"Kitty?" Katie looked up at her owner, sure she had been called more than once. "What's wrong?"
"Noth- Um..." Katie hesitated, knowing she had been headed for a punishment with her noncommittal answer. "Miss, I... I just want to be good and make you happy."

Well it was true, she could not be accused of lying. She didn't really want to tell Lauren of the turmoil inside her. She couldn't bear the disappointment on her face. It was her burden to carry, Lauren had enough to think about. 

"Good, Kitty, but why can I see tears, hmmm. Tell me," Lauren ordered, twisting on her chair and pulling Katie towards her by the leash. The moment she was between her legs, their soft warmth brushing against her bared arms, the tears flowed, the young girl's shoulders shuddering as she sobbed before her Mistress.

Katie allowed herself to be drawn into the safe embrace. She leaned forward and threw her arms around Lauren, burying her face in the black skirt, unable to stop once the release had begun. Her hair was stroked, the soft flesh beneath her collar caressed ever so gently and she felt suddenly foolish at her girlish weakness. She was about to draw back but she could not suffer the loss of the blissful embrace. Under the tender ministrations of her owner, she calmed down enough that her tears stopped, her shoulders once again still.

"Well now Kitty," Lauren began, gently pushing the young girl's head from her lap. She cupped Katie's face, cheeks glistening with the tracks of her fresh tears, and lifted it towards her. "What's this all about?"
"Um," sniffed Katie, "Miss it's just that, like what I said before that I want to make you happy. I lo... Um, Miss I, I'm just really confused. I want to be good and I know it's not easy and I know that I'm a slut and I know that I don't really mean anything and I know-"
"You know an awful lot, Kitty," said Lauren cutting her off. "We both know these things, some of them though are not quite as you say. You don't mean nothing. You are my property and that is something very special. Don't ever let anyone say you're nothing. You belong to me and it is your duty to make sure I have what I want, to please me. That is very important, Kitty, very important.

"Listen," Lauren said, wiping the salty moistness from the trembling schoolgirl's cheek. "Give me your plate. Now listen, being a slave isn't easy but what in life is. The best things in life are the most difficult," Lauren explained as she fed Katie the remains of her meal, bite by bite. 

"You are here because I want you here. Your life is now dedicated to serving me. I know how you feel, I've seen the way your body reacts. You were born for this. It's not a coincidence that drew us together. It was fate that made you let Max lick your pussy that day. It was fate that made you stream it on the net. It was fate that had me watching at just the right time. These things don't happen by mistake. You were meant to be mine. That is what you know."

Katie ate each bite that was placed in her mouth, listening obediently to her owner's speech. She had cringed when Lauren mentioned Max but what she said was true. It didn't really make it any easier, the torment she caused herself still present, but she was happy that Lauren cared for her. She felt the rightness of Lauren's words and wanted desperately to believe.

It was difficult, kneeling naked before another girl, collared and leashed, pussy moist with arousal, but it was her place now. Lauren wanted what was best for her and that was to serve faithfully and completely. That was how she would find her own happiness and hopefully quell that frustrating voice of dissent, that even now urged her to cover her nudity. 

Her legs were spread widely, her pussy displayed for her owner. It was how she sat now, the right position for a slut. It was part of her service, to keep her pussy always available. She was still not used to the exposure but at least it was becoming more natural, she only blushed most of the time now.

"Feel better now, Kitty?"
"Yes Miss," Katie replied around a mouthful of broccoli.
"Manners! I thought you were trained better than that. Do you want to be caned, is that it?"
"No Miss. I'm sorry, I didn't think," Katie pleaded.
"I'm sure you didn't. Is that an excuse now is it? Sorry officer, I did rob that bank, I wasn't thinking."

Katie hung her head in shame, unable to believe her stupidity. She knew better than that. Lauren was being so understanding and she had just been dumb. She could feel the tears blur her vision once more. She was tired of crying, tired of being stupid and failing to do the right thing. 

"Well?"
"Sorry Miss, I didn't mean it like that. I'm sorry for my bad manners. I promise not to do it again."
"You can go and run me a bath while I finish my dinner," Lauren commanded, removing the leash and clip from her collar.

Katie was on her feet and halfway from the room before being called back. A heavy dread settled upon her as she stopped and turned, stepping slowly back to her owner. She had done yet another thing wrong and this time, she just knew she would be punished. 

"Aren't you forgetting something Kitty?"
"Um, may I leave the room Miss?" Katie replied unsurely.

Lauren's only response was to tap her cheek with a finger as she continued to eat. Katie stood straighter, a great weight lifting from her shoulders. She leaned in and kissed her owner tenderly on the cheek, feeling the muscles of her jaw work beneath her lips, before scurrying from the room.

* * * * *

The bath was almost full, the water at the perfect temperature, hot but not scalding. She had the shampoo, soap and puffball by the side of the bath, ready to serve. All that was left now was to wait. She turned to the mirror and looked at the pretty young girl that stared back at her. She had changed so much in so short a time. 

She ignored the puffy red eyes that were but a temporary inconvenience, instead focusing on her body. The slight pudginess had all but gone, her petite form even slimmer, more toned. She would never be quite like Lauren but she was happy as she was. She had changed for Lauren, as a result of the training she had instituted. She looked good, she thought as she turned to view her body from different angles.

Katie looked at the pink mound between her legs, her intimate cleft glistening. She looked down her body, pushing her hips forward to view the darker stripes that Lauren's makeshift flogger had left. She touched them and felt the slight sting, more discomfort than pain. Fuck, but that had hurt.

"Kitty!"

Shit, had she said that out loud? Lauren was standing in the doorway watching her. The young girl froze like a startled deer. She was out position, caught admiring herself in a mirror. Her buttocks tensed, almost able to feel the harsh sting of the cane.

"Your manners really do leave a lot to be desired tonight. Come. Open."

Katie was dragged to the sink by her hair, hips bumping painfully into the edge of the counter. She opened her mouth to receive the block of soap Lauren had picked up from somewhere. It was forced into her mouth, instantly making her gag. Lauren held her head steady with one hand, the soap in her mouth with the other. Katie pushed against the counter, desperate to alleviate the painful pressure digging into her hipbone.

"I don't want to hear that kind of talk from you, Kitty. Next time it will be five strokes of the cane. Do you understand," Lauren hissed, punctuating her words with sharp slaps upon the schoolgirl's full breasts. 
"Eth ith," Katie mumbled around the slimy square.

Her saliva had begun to lather the soap, her tongue quickly coated with a frothy layer of suds. She gagged again, her body heaving, wanting nothing more than to expel the vile-tasting intruder. Her eyes were watering as her body heaved, muscles tensing in a rhythmic pulse.

"Come, Kitty. Kneel by the bath."

Lauren let the young girl go and padded over to the bath, trailing her fingers through the water to test the temperature. Katie stepped behind her and knelt by the bath as Lauren quickly shed her clothes. Despite the discomfort, Katie still enjoyed the sight of her owner's naked body, the smooth, lithe form like a soothing balm for the frantic teenager's tattered composure.

"Is that how you have been taught to kneel?"

Katie immediately shifted position, her arms quickly sliding to her front, hands resting palm up on her thighs, which she spread a little wider for good measure. Lauren lowered herself slowly into the bath a look of contented bliss on her face as her body was submerged into the water. 

Katie pushed her tongue to the front of her mouth, sliding it along the surface of the soap, forcing a cascade of frothy soap-infused saliva down her chin and onto her chest. The slimy trail continued to ooze from her mouth, her lips pulled back from the cake of soap in a distasteful grimace. Lauren had forced her teeth into the soap, making it easier for the young girl to keep the slippery square in her mouth. She would never swear again, never fucking swear again. This was no time for jokes, she chastised. She marvelled at her ability to make light of the situation. Was it because of everything she had gone through or was she just a bit of a nut. 

Lauren eased herself low in the water, only her head above the surface. She looked over at the silently suffering schoolgirl, her face and chest a mess. Long strings of bubbly drool dripped from her chin, onto her breasts, coating the smooth mounds with the discoloured slime. 

"Kitty, are you going to be a good girl?" Katie nodded her head plaintively, not trusting herself to speak. "Ok then, you may put the soap in the sink."

Katie did as she was instructed, easing her jaws apart and sliding the soap from her mouth. She slid her tongue forward the moment the block was out, pushing a large quantity of liquid down her chin. She dropped the soap into the sink and scurried back to the bath, her lips drawn back from her teeth, not wanting to close her mouth around the slimy residue.

"Kitty, do you think it is cool to swear, hmmm? You've heard the cool kids say 'fuck this' and 'shit that'."
"No Miss," Katie pleaded, grimacing as her tongue swilled the foul taste of soap around her mouth. 
"You know what will happen if I hear those words again. I won't tolerate that disrespect. Understand?"
"Yes Miss. I'm sorry, I won't do it anymore. I promise."
"So full of promises tonight, Kitty. Would you like to hop in here with me?"
"Yes please, Miss," Katie gushed, her heart leaping at the thought.
"First fetch some candles, bottom drawer in the kitchen. And don't dawdle," Lauren added as Katie scurried from the bathroom.

Her tongue worked tirelessly as she hurried down the stairs. The soapy residue coated her mouth, the vile taste overpowering, saliva pooling inside her. Katie looked at the sink, daring to entertain the thought of spitting out the frothy mouthful. She didn't want to swallow the foul-tasting brew but she could not bring herself to spit it out. It felt wrong. She gathered all the candles she could find and the small box of matches that she found in the draw. She piled the candles, tall and short, thin and squat, in the crook of her left arm, pressing them against her breast. She didn't know how many she should bring, not having been told a specific number. She hoped she was doing the right thing as she scurried back up the stairs.

Lauren had settled intothe bath, lying back, eyes closed, her pretty face calm and content. Katie was unsure what to do next, looking to Lauren for instruction. She didn't know how long she could hold the candles, feeling one already start to slip from her grasp.

"Place them around the room. Nicely, Kitty," ordered Lauren without opening her eyes. Katie may not have made a sound but the anklet that was now a part of the uniform Lauren had set her, tinkled with each footfall. Even naked, Katie still wore the badges of her status: her collar and now her anklet. She wondered what else would be added as her training progressed.

Once she had placed all the candles around the room, and lit them at her owner's instruction, Katie knelt down beside the bath, eager to be acknowledged. The room was bathed in a soft orange glow, the young girl submerged in the bath seemed to radiate her own light. Katie could not take her eyes from her lover, but the mouthful of suds had become unbearable.

"Excuse me Miss," Katie ventured, careful not to allow any liquid to escape.
"Yes pussywhistle?"
"May I rinse my mouth please?"
"Have you learnt your lesson?"
"Yes Miss, I really have."
"Brush your teeth. Then pee. Then you may join me."

Katie jumped to her feet and rushed to the sink, spitting the mouthful of slime into the porcelain bowl. She rinsed once before pushing a tiny worm of white paste onto her brush, the small pink princess toothbrush that Lauren had assigned her. She knew it was silly but she felt so... she wasn't sure exactly what she felt but cleaning her teeth with the childish brush made her blush.

Her rosy cheeks reddened further as she sat on the toilet and noticed Lauren watching her, chin resting on the side of the bath, the sweet smile that Katie longed for, curling her pretty pink lips. She looked deep into her owner's eyes as she released her flow. As the steady stream of yellow liquid splashed beneath her, she felt her chest warm, knowing without seeing, that it was now a mottled pink, her body once again betraying her inner turmoil.

Katie flushed, looking sheepishly away, not wanting to deal with the confusing emotions brought about by her owner's gaze. She rushed to the bath, hesitated, but at a nod from Lauren, slowly lowered herself into the soothing water, her bottom settling between her owner's feet. The young girl shuffled forward, beckoned onwards by a tiny crooked finger. She did not stop until she was nestled between Lauren's legs, her own sliding past her lover's petite waist. 

Lauren leaned forward and kissed her then, Katie's mouth parted, her pulse quickening at the tender touch. She felt her hand grasped gently, guided slowly, sensuously to her owner's sex. Her fingers slid inside and received her Lauren's lust-filled moan as they continued to kiss, tongues dancing delicately, dominant and submissive; a reflection of each girl's place in the world.

Katie's pussy pulsed, yearning for a similar touch, but Lauren's hands remained aloof. The young girl&#8217;s fingers squirmed inside her owner, stroking the ridges and folds of her delicate inner walls. She curled her fingers towards her, pressing against the front of her owner's cunt, as if beckoning the orgasm forth. Her thumb pressed against the tiny clit, rubbing the tight button in slow, deliberate circles. 

Katie could feel Lauren's hips pushing forward, sliding along the slippery floor of the bath. She felt her own body responding in kind, though there was no satisfaction to be provided for her. Katie squealed as her tongue was captured between hard white teeth. Lauren bit down, securing the wriggling member as the orgasm broke upon her. 

Her slut's mouth needed a lot more training but her fingers were already experienced. She knew her way around a pussy, no doubting that, Lauren thought as she came. It was not intense but she was content, happy with her slave's performance. She would think of a suitable reward, something other than an orgasm, the cheeky little slut had been allowed quite enough of those.

Lauren leaned back, relinquishing the trembling schoolgirl's tongue, the eager fingers sliding from her submerged sex. Katie edged forward, slipping her fingers back between her owner's slim lips. Lauren gasped, her heavy-lidded eyes finding those of her slave, wide and glassy with lust. The candlelight shone upon Katie's face, her hair shimmering in the diffused light. 

She lay back, enjoying the attention of her slave, knowing she would not orgasm again, not from these gentle caresses. Lauren closed her eyes and allowed herself to drift away. Katie watched her owner relax, making sure to keep her movements steady, unsure what Lauren was feeling but needing to keep her just the way she was. She had never looked so beautiful and the young girl wanted the moment to last forever. Her shoulders slumped just a little as Lauren eventually pushed her hand away. Katie resisted for the briefest of moments, her fingers curling one last time inside the warm folds. Lauren's eyes fluttered open and Katie quickly looked away, aware of her naughtiness but not wanting to face the possible recrimination she may see in her lover's eyes. 

"Cheeky."

Katie's blush was accompanied by a wicked grin. She could hear the smile in Lauren's voice and gloried in the happiness that filled her. She slid forward, eager to feel her owner's embrace, wanting to have her lips locked once again, remembering the delicious thrill she had felt as her classmate had bitten her tongue.

Lauren allowed the enthusiastic teen to creep forwards, sliding her body atop her own, inviting the kiss, deeming it her reward for her good behaviour. She was trying, that was clear. It was also clear that she was struggling with her new life. Her body had clearly accepted who she was: that pussy, almost always wet, insatiable. She was still coming to terms with the inevitable surrender, but that was natural. She had come so much further than Lauren had predicted, which only made her decision to take her all the more right.

The teenagers stayed in the bath until the water became tepid, washing each other, Katie never missing an opportunity to sample the delights of her owner's body. As Lauren stepped from the bath, she spread her legs, placing her calves flush against the edge of the bath. She leaned forward, watching in the mirror, delighting in the way the soft candlelight caught her glistening skin. Katie surged to her knees, reading the signal Lauren was sending, her eager tongue sliding across the slim labia exposed to her. 

"Higher."

Katie obeyed, her tongue slipping higher, sliding across the tight sphincter. She lapped eagerly, creeping lower occasionally, to dip between her owner's tight lips. "Uh uh," Lauren scolded gently, sending Katie back to her anus. The young girl licked the asshole, her tongue in constant motion, feeling the tight ring of muscle relax under her insistent service. She hardened herself, spearing the puckered rosette as she had been taught. 

She was rewarded with a soft groan as her owner pressed her hips back, melting into the slow rhythm of tongue-fucking Katie had established. Lauren could not believe how different this was to the young girl's first hesitant outing. There was no hesitation, no tentative flicking, just pure enthusiasm, her tongue darting and squirming against her pulsing muscle. She reached back, grabbing Katie&#8217;s hair and pulled the young girl forward, driving her face between her buttocks. Katie steadied herself but kept lapping her owner&#8217;s asshole, head bobbing rhythmically, her own arousal rising once again. Could she bring Lauren to orgasm? This was the only thought that occupied the submissive schoolgirl&#8217;s mind as her face was buried between the tight cheeks of another girl&#8217;s bottom.

Lauren eventually released her hold and stepped away, her body shuddering at the pleasurable sensation that made her weak at the knees. Katie almost fell from the bath as she attempted to follow the object of her desire, eager to have her question answered. She sat back in the water and pouted, her momentary sulk only partly feigned. Lauren caught the look in the mirror and smiled, the depths of Katie&#8217;s lust causing a shiver in her loins. The girl truly was insatiable, so eager. It was definitely time to progress her training. She was well off schedule and she&#8217;d need time to rethink her approach, but that could wait. For now she was alone with her slave and she would enjoy the opportunity.

Out you get, Kitty. You like my little asshole, hmmm?
Yes Miss, Katie replied breathlessly, stepping out of the bath towards her owner, her movements carefully casual but allowing her to brush against Lauren&#8217;s slippery skin.
Dry me off. I have practice in the morning so it&#8217;s time for bed.

Katie obeyed, drying Lauren&#8217;s body with gentle caresses. She was allowed to dry her own hair before being instructed to kneel behind her owner as she brushed her teeth. She licked the tight pussy, pushing her face up between Lauren&#8217;s legs, tongue lapping slow and hard, tasting the muted musk. She could no longer keep her hands to herself, moving them hesitantly from behind her, placing each one tentatively on a smooth thigh, anxious that her audacity not be punished. Lauren allowed the touch, smiling to herself in the mirror as the naked schoolgirl&#8217;s hands tickled the inside of her thigh. Katie almost fell over when Lauren bent down to rinse her mouth, but she compensated quickly, steadying herself with her hands.

You weren&#8217;t told to stop.

Katie dove forward her mouth covering the moist sex a second later. She hadn&#8217;t known, she could only hope Lauren understood. She could feel her owner&#8217;s body quiver as she leaned forward, following the tight cleft as Lauren straightened up. Katie slid herself directly under her lover, shoulders pressed back, neck stretched to reach up between the closed thighs, eager to stay in contact. She nuzzled forward, pressing between the thighs, forcing them gently apart until her questing tongue reached her glistening goal. She moaned as her tongue slipped between the slim labia, the faintly sour taste of her owner&#8217;s wetness coating her tongue.

Katie&#8217;s body boiled with a sudden fever as the scene came unbidden to her mind, as if she was watching the lascivious tableau from a distance. She could not shake the thought that threatened to break her concentration. She had burrowed between Lauren&#8217;s thighs, desperately seeking the soft pink mound that held such delight, just as Max had done to her. She was no different, pushing forward, insistent, craving the cunt, her heated desire driving her onwards, unthinkingly, selfishly. 

Enough pussywhistle. Hurry up and dry yourself. Then to bed. Lauren stalked from the room, leaving Katie scrambling for the damp towel she had used to dry her owner. 

* * * * *

Katie knelt by the bed, suckling the baby bottle Lauren held for her. She didn&#8217;t like being forced to drink from such a container, mouth working to eke out such small amounts of liquid. She felt odd with the plastic nipple in her mouth, it felt She didn&#8217;t want to think about it. The flushed schoolgirl looked into the eyes of her lover, seeking solace, anything that would help her deal with the strange thoughts that swirled within her.

You look so cute like that, Kitty. I love your collar so much, Lauren said tracing a finger across the smooth metal band.

I love you, Katie thought, glad that her mouth was filled by the small rubber nipple. Her emotions were so intense, colouring her every thought, close to the surface, threatening to overwhelm her at any moment. She was such a coward. She had tried, and failed, to let her owner know how she felt. It was just that What if Lauren laughed at her? What if she said she was just a silly girl? Her heart would shatter into a million jagged pieces, she knew. She could almost see it happening, almost feel the pain she knew it would bring. 

Thirsty little slut. This bottle is yours now. You are to keep it by your bed and drink from it whenever you are at home. Only during dinner are you allowed to drink from a glass.

Katie&#8217;s eyes widened as Lauren removed the bottle and placed it on the nightstand. She couldn&#8217;t have that bottle in her room. Her mother would see it. There was no way she could explain it away. She looked up into the ethereal eyes of palest blue and knew she had to speak. 

Miss, um, I ca- Miss what if someone sees it. 
Kitty, Lauren began, leaning forward to kiss the tender young lips. You&#8217;ll do as you&#8217;re told.
Yes Miss, Katie replied, unable to decide between disappointment and elation.
Put on &#8216;An Occasional Dream&#8217; and hop in here.

Katie obeyed, finding the playlist and scurrying into bed once the music began to fill the room, the soft melody complemented by the muted thrum of rain. Lauren lay on her back and Katie slid under the sheet, pulling it over her body as she snuggled into her owner. Lauren drew her close, the young girl sighing as she rested her head on the small breast, the soft flesh the only pillow she ever desired. Her arm slid across the smooth belly, hugging her close, melting into her owner&#8217;s tender embrace.

The teenagers stayed this way, Katie's entire body relaxing as she listened to her owner's heart, the slow pulsing beat a counterpoint to the music that filled the room. Lauren's music was so very different from anything she was used to. It was deeper, the words more than the simple odes to partying and boys that were her familiar fare. She listened, falling for her lover's music as she had for the girl herself.

Not everything was to her taste, one singer with a voice like gargled gravel was just too strange, but the beauty in the music, the poetry of the lyrics, touched her in ways she had not understood were possible. She knew the band playing now, but she did not know the song.

She listened intently, her own heart beating faster as she felt as if it had been written just for her, expressing how she was feeling right now. She listened as the story was told, a litany of wants from one lover to another: diamonds, empty highways and riches beyond measure. Her heart was wrenched asunder as she felt the pain, the empassioned treaty of the singer. It was her wish, her only wish. She had never felt anything more, her entire body aching with the truth that soared around her.

"Kitty. All I want is you," Lauren whispered as she stroked the young girl's hair.

Small tears rolled onto the warm skin beneath her as Katie's heart beat as if for the first time. The heavy weight inside her chest bore down upon her frailty, threatening to crush her from within. 

"Hey, what's wrong? Pussywhistle?" Lauren questioned, gently raising the weeping schoolgirl's face from her breast.
"Miss," Katie sniffed, unable to hold back her tears, her delicate emotions unready for the feelings that consumed her. "I... It's...I want you too, Miss. I just want, so much... And when you..." Katie could not finish, her lips quivering with emotion.
"Oh, Kitty. You are so adorable," Lauren whispered, her satisfied smile tinged with just a little awe at the gorgeous girl that lay by her side, the girl that she owned. She kissed the tears from Katie's eyes, the salty taste making her shiver. 

Lauren kissed her then, full and passionate, covering the trembling lips with her own, calming the young girl with her understanding touch. Katie lay back down once the kiss was broken, a mess of confusion, only one thing burning clear and bright through the turmoil of emotion. Lauren loved her too, she was sure of it. 

They lay entwined, lovers, owner and possession, as the music slowly faded away leaving only the gentle hiss of rain, the storm having all but played itself out. The fury of the afternoon had passed, the tumult all but forgotten replaced only by the soft, comforting rain.

Katie felt the body beneath her relax into sleep. She was safe, content, the warmth of her owner filling her. She wanted nothing more than this, not right now. Not ever. There was no love without pain, she knew that now. The turmoil that kept her awake slowly subsided, calming as she came to terms with what she was and how she felt.

The whisper was barely audible, but it was the most important four words she had ever spoken. No one heard them, no one but her. Her body relaxed as the last word fell away into silence, the thrill that rippled along her spine not affecting the calm that lay upon her like a soothing blanket.

"I love you... Lauren."














Chapter 18. Heels Head Over 
Lauren looked down, the wan light of the false dawn slicing through the slim gaps in the curtains illuminated the pale form of the girl in her bed. There was a soft magnificence in the smooth, young body. Katie lay on her belly, right arm stretched under the pillow, left by her side, hand tucked into her armpit at an awkward and endearing angle. Lauren&#8217;s gaze roamed over the still slumbering teen, glorying in the gentle curve of her flattened breast, peeking from beneath the sheet. Her long black hair, was spread across the pillow, a fan of delicate darkness, as if she was wearing shadow itself.

Lauren reached slowly for the sheet that covered the young girl&#8217;s lower body. She delicately lifted the edge and drew the thin material down Katie&#8217;s body, exposing her soft, white flesh, inch by inch. When the sheet passed over the enticing curve of the sleeping schoolgirl&#8217;s buttocks, Lauren&#8217;s lips twisted into a wicked grin. 

She sized up the tender mounds and with one swift movement, brought her right hand crashing down onto the slumbering teen&#8217;s bare behind. Katie exploded into wakefulness, her body twisting away from the source of the pain. She rolled onto the other side of the bed, dazed by the sudden and unexpected jolt into consciousness. She frantically blinked away the sleep, her hands moving instinctively to her bottom.

She twisted, looking behind to see the sharp red outline of a handprint on her right buttock. It was only when she saw the evidence of her abrupt awakening that the young girl realised where she was. She looked for Lauren and saw the widely smiling girl standing on the far side of the bed. She was already dressed in a pair of small black panties and black sports bra, Katie&#8217;s sleep-befuddled brain finding the plain underwear the most sexually alluring clothing she had ever seen.

The sting in her backside was quickly forgotten as she scrambled towards her owner, eager to be close. As she made to stand, Lauren pushed her back down on the bed and pinned her there, leaning over the young girl, her face mere inches from her slave&#8217;s. Lauren, still smiling, leaned down and kissed Katie deeply. She had been awake barely a minute and already she could feel the soft tingling of her arousal deep in her belly. Katie almost groaned when Lauren broke the intimate contact, her fingers trailing along her owner&#8217;s lithe body as she stood up and stepped away.

Up, Kitty, Lauren commanded, fixing the leash to the young girl&#8217;s collar once she was out of bed.

The quiet thrill that had become such a part of her everyday life, surged through Katie as she was led down stairs and into the kitchen. She watched the sensual play of the muscles in Lauren&#8217;s legs and back, reveling in the movement of her shoulders, the Y-shaped sports bra framing them perfectly.

Pancakes, Lauren instructed, fixing the young girl&#8217;s leash to a hook on the wall usually reserved for pots and pans.

Katie remembered the lesson she had received and quickly went to work, first collecting the ingredients before moving straight into the preparation. She went over and over each step in her head, confident that she could do this. A few weeks ago she would never have thought it possible, she had just assumed she was a hopeless cook. Now here she was cooking pancakes for her owner and enjoying the ability to create something real.

As the first batch cooked in the pan, the young girl looked around the kitchen, a tiny frown of disappointment marring her pretty face as she realised that Lauren was not present. She tried to tell herself it didn&#8217;t matter, that she needed to focus, but she couldn&#8217;t deny that the absence of her lover made her just a little melancholy. Even the strict supervision of her owner was preferable to being left on her own. 

It had been such a strange start to the day and she wasn&#8217;t even sure she was 100% awake just yet. She had become used to waking early but she most definitely was not used to be woken by a painful spank on the ass. She reached back and tentatively touched her right cheek, the slight sting of the smack still able to be felt. 

Would you like your other cheek to match?
No, Miss, Katie said, startled by Lauren&#8217;s sudden appearance. How the hell did she do that? Not having a band of bells fixed around her ankle was a start, she thought. The young girl wondered just how long it would take to become accustomed to the light tinkling that accompanied her every move. Every time she heard the tiny bells it made her feel her subjugation, her status as property, foremost in her mind.
How many more?
These will be the last ones, Miss.
Good girl. Plate them and serve in the lounge, Lauren ordered, removing the leash from the hook and draping it loosely around the young girl&#8217;s neck a number of times.

Katie felt Lauren leave, focused as she was on finishing the breakfast meal. She had cooked enough pancakes for one person only, she was sure. What her breakfast would be, she did not know. It wasn&#8217;t something she should worry about. Lauren would tell her what to do, she had only to obey. How could something be so easy and so difficult to accept all at the same time? It was far too early in the morning to be thinking about such things. She finished the pancakes, turned off the stove and cleaned the area a little, before carrying the plate into the lounge. Lauren was seated on the couch, reading what looked like schoolwork. Katie waited until Lauren motioned for her to place the plate on coffee table before hurrying to serve.

Am I going to eat these with my fingers? Knife and fork, Kitty. The chastened girl scurried to obey, marvelling at her own stupidity. Syrup. Once more she returned to the kitchen. A scoop of ice cream too.

Katie had barely stood at attention for a second before being sent to fetch yet another piece of her owner&#8217;s breakfast. When she returned for the third time, a little frustrated with the constant back and forth, she delicately placed the scoop of ice cream in the centre of the pancake stack. Her mouth was watering now, the delicious aromas wafting around the room. The anxious schoolgirl&#8217;s belly tightened as Lauren rose from the couch and stepped towards her. She had been standing at attention, waiting obediently to serve, but she straightened her shoulders under the attention of her owner. 

Katie trembled as Lauren removed the clip and leash from her collar and reattached it behind her. She wondered why Lauren could not have simply spun her collar around but she no doubt had her reasons. She felt a slight tug on her collar and could feel the chain resting against the back of her head. She stumbled backwards as Lauren pulled her into the centre of the room, underneath the ropes that still dangled from the ceiling, a remnant of the previous night&#8217;s entertainment.

A moment later Lauren returned to the couch, leaving the naked schoolgirl standing at attention in the centre of the room, wondering just why she had been leashed in place. She could feel the light chain pulling gently on her collar though she was standing flat, something which she was thankful for. Katie&#8217;s gaze never left her owner, watching her every move as she settled back on the couch and pointed a remote into the corner.

The soft beat of music filled the room. The slow dance track was unfamiliar but she soon felt the music flow through her, the insistent melody and monotonous beat filling her body with its rhythm. Katie stood at attention, waiting for the command she knew would come, her hips swaying imperceptibly, anticipating the desire of her owner.

Dance.

Katie began immediately, slim hips moving sensuously. Her legs parted enticingly, inviting Lauren to enjoy the pink mound between them. Her knees bent as her body swayed, hips grinding to the slow, sensual beat. She felt the chain attached to her collar with every movement, the natural flow of her body restricted by the tight leash.

The naked schoolgirl did her best to please, watching her owner intently as she danced. Lauren only looked her way occasionally, focusing more on her breakfast and the notepad still open on the table. A thrill trilled through the young girl each time Lauren looked her way, the smile she longed for appearing each time her owner&#8217;s gaze lingered over her for a few moments.

Katie felt like a mere sideshow, present only to provide a pleasurable distraction when her owner&#8217;s focus wandered. The sensation was not a pleasant one, reinforcing, as it did, the fact that she existed to serve. At the same time she could feel her arousal grow and she knew it had its root in the very same humiliation that had caused her cheeks to colour. The knowledge disturbed her, but she pushed it to the back of her mind, subjugating the unpleasant doubts, mirroring her own treatment at the hands of her owner.

Katie licked her lips as she watched Lauren finish the last of the pancakes. All that was left of the meal was a few smears of syrup and the young girl could feel her own empty stomach begging to be filled. Lauren sat back on the couch and spread the notebook in her lap, oblivious to her slave&#8217;s dilemma. Katie continued to dance, doing her best to please. The music had transitioned through three songs and she had tried to alter her movements subtly, feeling the music wash over her. She loved dancing, even the restricted movements she was allowed gave her pleasure, making her think of how she could move her body within her bondage.

Lauren finally put the notebook down on the table and turned to the gyrating teen, her eyes roving up and down her naked body, reveling in the way the sexy little slut moved. She could have watched the pretty young girl all morning but there was too much to do. She finally peeled herself from the couch and headed for the kitchen.

Keep dancing, Lauren ordered.

Katie kept her hips moving, her hand sliding suggestively over her belly. She had hesitated for just a moment and instantly felt the shame of her failure. Lauren had not seen, but the fact that she had needed the command made her feel unworthy and inadequate. She momentarily lost her confidence, her movements losing their fluidity. 

Katie banished the thoughts of her near failure and continued dancing, doing her best to forget her lapse. It was strange, dancing so sexily to an empty room, but she could feel the dampness between her thighs and knew she did not need an audience, she was a slut even when alone. She was relieved, a smile curving her full lips, as Lauren strode back into the room. 

The room was suddenly silent but Katie kept dancing, having learnt her lesson. The butterflies in her belly grew manic as her lover approached. She couldn&#8217;t help but feel silly, dancing to unheard music, but the look in her owner&#8217;s eyes made her pussy pulse with the power of her lust. Lauren rested her hands gently on Katie&#8217;s hips, glorying in the smoothness of the bare skin, moving in time with the sensual swirl of the young flesh. She smiled as she felt the young girl shudder under her touch. 

Katie&#8217;s hips moved in slow circles to a beat only she could hear but her world had narrowed, focusing almost entirely on Lauren&#8217;s mesmerising blue eyes and the wetness she could feel in her sex. She could almost see the cream sneaking out of her pussy, coating the plump, pink lips. She was positive she could smell her sex. Something which she was sure she would never get used to. She felt the roseate centre of each breast harden at the thought, the response noticed by her owner.

Katie could not believe she could still blush at something so innocent. What kind of slut was she, blushing like a shy virgin as her arousal was noticed. She hated what she saw as weakness. Why did she have to be like this? Lauren never blushed. She wished, for the thousandth time, that she could be more like her lover.

Hungry Kitty?
Yes Miss, Katie replied, her voice a husky groan.
You have danced so beautifully that you have more than deserved your breakfast. Come on, Lauren said, removing the leash from Katie&#8217;s collar and leading the young girl, by the hand, into the kitchen.

A shallow bowl was set on the table, filled with chopped fruit. Katie licked her lips as she spotted strawberries, slices of peach and pear, grapes, both red and green, and small sections of melon chopped into tiny squares. It all looked so delicious, she couldn&#8217;t wait to taste her first bite.

Up, Lauren commanded, clicking her fingers and pointing to the table. 

Katie was momentarily confused, looking at the empty chair, longing to be seated and eat a meal normally. She was still for barely a second before she obediently climbed onto the table and perched on all fours, her head over the bowl of fruit.

You may eat, Kitty. One piece at a time, I&#8217;m not training a greedy slut. Alternate between fruits, I don&#8217;t want to check back and see all the strawberries gone, cheeky little slut.

Katie sheepishly let the strawberry drop back into the bowl. They were her favourite fruit and she would have eaten every single one first if Lauren had not noticed. She jumped, her back arching, at the unexpected touch at her breast, but the young girl quickly lowered her body, settling the fleshy mound back into the waiting hand of her owner.

Lauren tenderly massaged her breast as Katie ate her breakfast, rolling the tiny pink nipple gently between thumb and forefinger. Katie responded, pressing her pendant bosom into the attention. She did not stop eating, choosing each morsel carefully. She focused on the meal Lauren had so lovingly prepared for her as Lauren&#8217;s hands moved down her body, sliding down her side, over her hip and across her buttock. 

Katie knew she was being appraised, like a dog at a show and she felt a surge within her sex, a powerful reminder that she was a slave not only to her owner, but to her submission itself. Her body was responding as much to the soft caress of her lover as it was to the situation. She moaned quietly as the hands left her bare flesh, the delicate warmth an immediate loss.

Lauren stood behind the teenager, noticing the spread of the legs wider than she had expected. Katie had naturally adopted the position, exposing the seat of her desire to the attention of her owner. Lauren looked at the delicate cleft, the lips devoid of history. The full labia were parted slightly, their inner surface covered liberally in the thick glutinous cream that Katie produced so readily. 

The schoolgirl&#8217;s pussy was a sight to behold. Lauren stood, just watching the subtle movements in Katie&#8217;s pussy, her body shifting as she lowered to retrieve each new bite. The slut was a marvel. Lauren loved the cream her slave produced, so different than her own, such a mark of a slut. She knew Katie had not come to terms with the sheer volume of discharge her sex was capable of and it was the icing on the cake for the dominant girl. She hadn&#8217;t even touched the little slut and she was oozing copiously, a thick blob forming at the opening of her sex.

Lauren reached out and pressed a finger against the tight sphincter above the creamy slit and grinned wickedly as it puckered tightly at her touch. The movement forced more cream from the young girl, a fresh surge of the pearlescent flow, pushed between the slightly parted lips. The growing dollop began to slide down her vulva, glacially slow, following the cleft of her labia. Lauren resisted the temptation to slide a finger up the glistening split and collect the slut-juice to flavour Katie&#8217;s meal. It was just too delicious a sight to interrupt and she remained behind the young girl, lazily tracing patterns up and down her thighs.

Katie moaned with each mouthful, the delicious distraction of her owner&#8217;s feather-light touch, making it difficult to think. Her body was working on instinct, her mind lost in the pleasurable feelings that enveloped her. She wanted the fingers to move higher, silently pleading for the touch to move to her sex, the anticipation building within her to an uncontrollable frustration. She wondered what Lauren was doing behind her, why she would not touch her pussy. She had been a good girl, she had danced like a good slut, Lauren had said so. 

She almost choked on the small slice of pear when she felt the first tender touch on her clit. The rock-hard button yielded to the pressure and Katie almost came from that first, brief caress. Had she been good enough to deserve an orgasm? She thought so, but it wasn&#8217;t what she thought that counted. Did Lauren think she deserved one, would she allow her to come?

It was a moot point as the touch was not repeated and Katie finished her meal in peace, as much peace as the lack of climax would allow. She was familiar with the frustration of being unable to come, but no matter how often it occurred, it was not something she would ever become accustomed to. She was designed to come. She was a slut, her body was made for it. Her body told her what she needed but she had to ignore that insistent voice. There was only one voice that decided what she needed and that was her owner&#8217;s.

Clean up the dishes and wait in my room, Lauren ordered as she stepped away and left the room, parting with one final smack to Katie&#8217;s upturned buttocks.

There were still three pieces of fruit in her bowl and she was tempted to eat them all at once but could not bring herself to do it. She didn&#8217;t even know why she thought such silly things, she knew she would obey. These thoughts of rebellion, of laziness, were just plain foolish. 

It didn&#8217;t take the schoolgirl long to finish her breakfast and clear and wash the dishes. She moved as fast as she could, wanting to be back with Lauren as soon as possible. She hurried up the stairs, aware of the wetness between her legs. She had quickly inspected her sex when she climbed down from the table, unsurprised at the thick coating of cream she saw. 

Lauren was not in the bedroom when she arrived so Katie immediately sank to her knees as she had been taught. She thought she could hear Lauren in the bathroom down the hall but she couldn&#8217;t be sure. Katie tried to think what the day would bring. She knew that Lauren had lacrosse practice that morning but beyond that she had no idea. She no longer had any control over her time, simply having to accept whatever happened. 

Kitty, Lauren whispered, startling the daydreaming schoolgirl. Katie smiled at Lauren&#8217;s giggles, knowing she was an easy mark. I have practice this morning. I have been wondering what to do with you. Would you like to come?
Yes Miss, please may I? Katie gushed, joy surging within her at the thought. She had been a little worried that Lauren would tie her up and leave her on her own while she left for practice and had been working herself into a state as she waited. 
Only if you promise to be a good girl.
I promise.
Get your fingers on that clit, Lauren ordered, leaning down to kiss the young girl gently on the forehead before flopping down on the bed.

Katie&#8217;s fingers flew between her legs and began a slow circular grinding on the tiny button. Even as she watched Lauren put on her shoes she could still feel the pleasant heat from the brief kiss, the sensation filling her with happiness. Such a small gesture, so tender and intimate, affected her more than she could ever have imagined. She knew Lauren loved her and the knowledge created such an upwelling of emotion that tears threatened, even as she masturbated under the watchful eye of her owner. Lauren, now dressed for practice, leaned back and evaluated the young girl kneeling before her. She smiled at the pretty picture and felt a tingling in her belly as Katie&#8217;s fingers massaged the top of her slit, fingers undulating rhythmically as if she was playing a tune on the tiny red button. The sight of the full mound beneath drew her gaze, the combination of pink lips and white cream making her wish she was an artist, able to capture such delicate sensuality. 

Lauren slid off the bed and hurried back with her camera, eager to capture the scene &#8211; the next best thing to being able to draw it herself. Katie&#8217;s shoulders slumped just a little as she realised her photo was to be taken yet again. It was a silly reaction, she knew, but she couldn&#8217;t help it. It passed in a moment, the pleasure cresting higher under the unrelenting attention of her own touch. She knew her face was flushed with arousal, the added colour from the shame of her situation lost like a match on a fire. Lauren framed the young girl, ensuring her whole body was visible. She didn&#8217;t want to miss one detail, from the widely splayed legs, the muscles in the smooth thighs pulled taut, the quivering belly, the stiffened pink bud at the centre of each breast, the cloud of jet-black hair, falling wildly onto the delicate shoulders. She would need to brush that before she was going anywhere, Lauren mused as she photographed the naked schoolgirl.

Katie did her best to smile for the camera, knowing it was what Lauren wished to see. She could only manage a half-smile, fighting for control of her trembling lips as the ecstasy of the approaching orgasm dragged at her senses. It must have been enough, for Lauren soon discarded the camera and knelt between the naked schoolgirl&#8217;s legs. Katie&#8217;s fingers never missed a beat, her mouth parting eagerly as her owner leaned in and kissed her ferociously. The force pushed her head back and she moaned into the kiss, her passion rising to the occasion. Katie all but fell over when Lauren quickly stood up and stalked to the closet.

Up, and get your hand off your cunt now Kitty.

Katie obeyed, standing bashfully behind Lauren as she sorted through the clothes she had brought. She slid her fingers together, enjoying the sensation as the slick surfaces slipped across each other. She thought of her pussy and the bountiful spume that issued from her moist cleft. She had spied her sex as she scurried to her feet and knew a thick string of cream hung from her lips. It was small now, but it would grow and she hoped she would have a chance to clean it before she left the house. She was going with Lauren. That sudden realisation became her only thought. She wasn&#8217;t being left behind, she was being allowed to stay with her owner. She was going to see what lacrosse was all about, and how good Lauren was. Katie knew she would be great, the best on the team. 

Clean your teeth.

Katie hurried to the bathroom to fulfil her owner&#8217;s command. She looked at herself in the mirror, noticing the gentle sway of her breasts as she brushed. Her eyes were drawn lower, caught by the sight of her sex, compelled to stare at the essence of her passion. This was why she was a slut. Her pussy was incorrigible. She smiled at the word, seeing again, Lauren&#8217;s teasing grin. She stepped up on her toes to bring her mound above the edge of the counter. She could see the dangling cream, the almost inch-long string spiralling in the space between her thighs. The young girl met her own gaze and blushed, still unable to deal with the overt evidence of her sexuality. She was dying to reach down and remove the offending ooze but dared not. Would Lauren be expecting to see her arousal when she returned? She couldn&#8217;t risk such a show of misbehaviour, desperate as she was to accompany her owner to practice.

Kneel, Lauren commanded, pointing to a spot in front of the bed, the moment Katie returned. Facing away.

The naked teen obeyed, twisting her body into the correct direction, accepting the correction without thought. Her excitement remained high as her owner brushed her hair. The smitten schoolgirl melted each time Lauren&#8217;s hand glanced across the sensitive skin of her neck as her owner steadied each long, smooth stroke of the brush. Before long her dark locks fell in a single glistening sheet, the silken cascade framing her pretty face providing her with the air of the exotic. Katie closed her eyes, relaxing into her owner as Lauren&#8217;s slim fingers worked through her hair before coming to rest around her neck. She nibbled her lower lip as the warm collar of flesh fanned the flames of her lust. She would never stop being surprised at how her body responded to such slight attention.

Katie looked at the dress Lauren held out for her, a pretty yellow sundress that she rarely wore. She didn&#8217;t really know why she didn&#8217;t wear it that often. It was lovely, the silken material falling straight from the ruffled bodice. It was a modest dress, the hemline covering almost to her knees, but as she smoothed the dress over her hips she looked down her body and was quickly reminded why she did not wear the dress more often. It was very pretty but every time she wore it, she could not shake the feeling that it was a little girl&#8217;s dress. She was convinced it made her look years younger and now especially, her sexuality blossoming so rapidly, she longed to appear as the adult she felt she was becoming.

The ensemble was completed with a pair of flat sandals, the straps covered in pretty curlicues and embossed flower patterns. Katie breathed a sigh of relief that she would not have to wear her heels. She was only accompanying Lauren to her lacrosse practice and she didn&#8217;t want to appear too out of place. She stood still while her makeup was done, closing her eyes for the mascara and eyeliner and pursing her lips for the gloss. She looked deeply into Lauren&#8217;s eyes as she intently applied the finishing touches to her face. 

Katie looked at her owner, dressed in shorts and tight shirt, her hair tied back in a ponytail. Two teenage girls could not look more different. She was dressed like a fragile doll, and while she enjoyed looking pretty, especially for Lauren, she knew she would stand out like a sore thumb. A cute thumb though, Katie added, smirking at her own little joke. Her lack of underwear had not gone unnoticed though, and as Lauren moved away to collect the rest of her gear, she realised that it was not an oversight. The short summer shift would be her only piece of clothing. She knew what that would mean, but she forced the thoughts from her mind. There would be plenty of time for that later, she wanted to postpone the inevitable for as long as she could.

Lauren headed for the door, encumbered now by her sports bag and stick, leaving Katie to wonder if she should follow. The decision was made for her. A short sharp whip of a whistle came from the doorway, her signal to move. Katie obediently followed her owner down the stairs, her cheeks colouring softly. She still didn&#8217;t quite know how to deal with being commanded by whistles and the snapping of fingers. She felt like a pet and she knew it was the truth. She was Lauren&#8217;s now: her slave, her toy, her girl, her pet. Still, she could not prevent the rosy flush of colour each time she heard a whistle or a click, obeying each unspoken command without question. 

They had barely reached the lounge when both girls heard the rumbling hum of a car pull up outside. Lauren looked Katie over one last time, a sudden thought popping into her head. She dropped her bag and stick and hurried into the kitchen. When she turned around Katie was not there. A small frown furrowed her brow until she realised what had happened. The cute little thing had stayed with the bag, feeling instinctively as if she was just another one of her possessions. Lauren clapped her hands and grinned wickedly as Katie came scurrying into the kitchen. She should have followed, but Lauren could not be mad at her &#8211; she was just too cute.

Lift up your dress.

Katie obeyed, grabbing the hem and lifting the front of the dainty yellow dress. She was a little anxious, knowing their ride was waiting for them, but not knowing who it was or what her owner was about to do. Her eyes widened as she saw the spoon Lauren was holding, watched as it swooped between her legs. She instinctively shuffled her legs wider, allowing easier access to her cream-covered sex. Realisation dawned with lightning quickness and she was both relieved and nervous. Katie tried to remain still, but squirmed slightly as she felt the cold spoon scraped across the soft, slick flesh of her vulva.

She opened her mouth obediently as Lauren brought the offering to her. She had glimpsed the pool of slimy white liquid filling the curved bowl of the spoon and was not surprised at the volume it contained. She accepted the mouthful, savouring her flavour, swirling the sticky liquid across her tongue. The taste was a little strange, tainted as it was by the minty remnant of her brushing. She swallowed and opened again to receive a second helping, this one taken from the entrance of her pussy, the hard metal spoon having pushed past her plump labia to collect the discharge from the source.

She knew it was a demeaning process, being fed the product of her own arousal, but Katie did not care. Her only concern was that the dangling string of cream was removed, glad at the relief she felt now that she could leave the house without that added worry. Of course, now her breath smelled of her sex but maybe no one would notice. The spoon clattered in the sink, the abrupt noise startling the young girl. Lauren kissed her quickly on the tip of her nose and gently slapped her hands. The dress fell and Katie scurried after her owner, Lauren now eager to be on her way.

Her belly twisted and turned as she followed Lauren out of the house and down the drive. She fidgeted nervously as they approached the waiting car, unsure what her reception would be. She didn&#8217;t know these girls and was worried what they would think of her. She smoothed out her dress as they reached the parked car, engine purring softly as it idled. Fiona was sitting in the front seat and Katie&#8217;s stomach flipped when she saw the look on the young girl&#8217;s face. Surprise was to be expected, but there was something else, something she couldn&#8217;t quite place but which unsettled her nontheless. Katie fought the urge to grasp Lauren&#8217;s hand and hide behind her, she yearned for the safety her lover would provide. 

Hey Fee, Lauren said cheerily as she jumped in the back seat. 
Hey Lauren. Hi Katie, the bewildered teen responded, turning in her seat to watch as Katie slid into the back seat, careful to keep her dress low. Mom this is Katie Thomas. She&#8217;s um Lauren&#8217;s friend.
Hello Mrs Pearce, Katie said timidly, looking to her owner for direction.
Hello dear, come to give some moral support hey?
She&#8217;s thinking of trying out for the team, so I thought she should come along and see a practice.
Well good for you dear, said Mrs Pearce, pulling the car away from the curb. She focused on driving, leaving the young girls to their chatter, remembering what it was like to be a teenager.

Katie sat, hands in lap, her head lowered demurely. She knew Fiona was staring at her and it was all she could do not to squirm under the scrutiny. When Lauren and her teammate began talking, she risked a glance at the girl in the front seat. She was caught, Fiona&#8217;s eyes flicking to her the moment she had moved. Katie smiled bashfully and looked away, the familiar flush of heat that she so despised slowly colouring her cheeks. Why did she feel this way? This girl had nothing on her. She was just some girl from school, but Katie knew she was more than that. She was a friend of Lauren&#8217;s, a girl with whom her owner spent a lot of time. Somehow that elevated her in some way she couldn&#8217;t quite understand. She held her hands tightly, wanting, with each passing moment, to reach out and touch her owner, seeking the reassurance she knew would make everything alright.

Katie tried to follow the conversation, tried not to look too out of place, but her mind was in turmoil and she struggled to unravel the exchange. She could sense Fiona&#8217;s curiosity as a tangible presence in the car. She knew it had more to do with how Katie came to be at Lauren&#8217;s house early on a Sunday morning, than it did with her interest in joining the team. Of course no one knew of her relationship with Lauren, she hoped no one would ever know she was the property of her classmate, but it would be a surprise to everyone that they were even friends. They spent almost all their time at school apart, Lauren with her friends and Katie with The thought made her pause. She had been discarded by her so-called friends and now who did she have? Miranda? 

Katie thought of the girl whose locker was next to hers. She had to work harder at her routine. If she could impress Lauren with her commitment she would be allowed to have Miranda as a friend. She desperately wanted this, not only to feel the closeness to another person but to help Miranda as a reward for her loyalty. Katie knew she had low self-esteem, knew that her flippant remarks about her appearance were a defensive mechanism, and she knew she could help. It would be amazing to work with Miranda, it would be like having her own beauty project. She knew she could do it, but she just needed her own behaviour to improve. Miranda was such a sweet girl, she deserved her help. Katie fantasised about having a new friend, the daydream helping to ease her mind, the journey passing without incident

* * * * *

Katie sat on the edge of the bench seat, her body tense as she watched the practice. Her initial unease at being present at what seemed such a private event had passed once the action began. The parents had drifted off, congregating at the far end of the field, uninterested in something they had no doubt experienced many times before. Katie sat alone in the stand, intrigued by the action on the field, her eyes glued to her owner. She hadn&#8217;t really known anything about lacrosse, just that they used big sticks to catch a small ball. In the short time she had watched the pack of teenage girls she had gained a new appreciation for the game. It was a lot more physical than she had ever imagined. Each time a girl bumped into Lauren, Katie edged forward, her protective instincts coming to the fore. 

It was only practice but Lauren was ferocious, easily one of the best on the team. Her heart had almost burst when she had been gifted with a glowing smile as the team headed in for a rest. Lauren had looked to her, the only spectator in the stand, and smiled. Her face was red from exertion, glistening with sweat and framed by unkempt strings of hair that had come loose from her ponytail, but Katie was overwhelmed with her beauty. And she had smiled at her. Not at anyone else. She had remembered she was there, even amongst the distraction of her teammates and the intense practice. That her owner had even looked her way was enough to make her melt inside. 

Katie&#8217;s heart skipped with each occasional glance from her owner. She was overwhelmed and just a little unsettled by her feelings for her classmate. She loved Lauren, with all her heart, but she still didn&#8217;t know if she should. Lauren was beautiful and kind, smart and funny. But she was also very demanding and she controlled her in ways that Well if she was going to be totally honest, and Katie knew that this was a time for such honesty, she was controlled in ways that excited her. She couldn&#8217;t deny the way she felt, the way her own body responded to the treatment at the hands of her owner. 

Her owner. Katie thought on those two small words she had used so casually. They were the root of her dilemma. She loved Lauren and she was owned by her. Katie knew she really could break away from Lauren. Her life would be ruined for she did not doubt that Lauren would release the video of her and Max. Her parents would disown her and she would probably even go to jail, but she could do it. What she had to face was the reality that she did not want to leave Lauren. No matter how it had all begun, she finally belonged. She had found something deeper than just friendship, more intense than anything she had ever imagined. The thought of it ending, of not being with Lauren, made her chest hurt. She looked down from the bleachers, at her lover running across the field, her vision blurred by the sudden tears. 

Katie didn&#8217;t really know what this was. She was a possession now, owned by another girl but she knew it was more than that. She knew Lauren loved her too. The heat from her lover&#8217;s remembered kiss warmed her pursed lips and she quickly wiped away the moisture in her eyes. She couldn&#8217;t shake the feeling that what they were doing was wrong, that her feelings for Lauren were wrong. She knew no one else would accept them. If her parents found out they would say she was just a silly little girl, what did she know of love. She knew what this was, her entire body tingled with the excitement she felt at her lover&#8217;s touch. This was powerful and it was real and no one was going to take it away from her. She belonged to Lauren, but Lauren was her owner. They were linked in ways no one could, or would, understand. Katie hugged herself tightly, longing to be close to her lover. 

The practice was coming to an end now, the strategies had been played out and the girls were simply running a few warm-down laps. Katie looked over the rest of the team, but her eyes always came back to her owner. She moved with such grace, as if she was dancing around the field. She didn&#8217;t know if she could ever be good enough to be on the team. Was it only Lauren&#8217;s wishful thinking? Lauren was the smallest girl on the team and she was more petite than even her owner. She did not think it was a good idea, but if Lauren persisted she would do her best.

As the girls finished their last lap, and filed back into the dressing rooms, Lauren looked up and caught Katie&#8217;s eye, gesturing for her to join them. Her heart leapt as their eyes met. She had not moved from the bench during the entire practice, but now she had to fight the urge to sweep down the bleachers and embrace her lover, so strong was the sensation that washed through her during the brief moment in which her owner&#8217;s eyes held her mesmerised. Lauren looked away, laughing at a comment from a lanky teammate Katie did not know. Her heart ached to be a part of the easy camaraderie of a team, a team to which Lauren belonged.

Katie scurried down from the stand, eager to join her owner. She was all too aware of the wild bouncing of her unfettered breasts as she hurried down the stairs but she dared not slow down. She had been excited by the action on the field but there were times when she could not help but feel her loneliness. She had been with Lauren for little more than a day but it felt as if they had always been together and the time apart, as her owner practiced, had emphasised this more than the sensitive schoolgirl wished.

Katie joined the end of the line and entered the dressing room with trepidation. She didn&#8217;t know what to expect or even if she was allowed inside. What if it was strictly for team members and she got in trouble? Her bottom lip made its way between her teeth and she nibbled nervously as she stepped over the threshold.

The room was full of teenage girls in various states of undress, the noise almost deafening, the chatter and laughter reverberating around the sparsely furnished locker-room. Katie could hear the showers already running, the soft hiss to her left in soft counterpoint to the harsh sounds of the gaggle of girls undressing to her right.

What do you want lezzo?

Katie looked at the girl, eyes wide, unable to respond. Three girls stood in a small group facing her. The speaker was the tall girl with whom Lauren had joked during practice. Her giggling sidekicks were wrapped in long white towels, but the lanky teen was naked but for a tiny pair of white panties. Katie fidgeted nervously as her eyes moved up and down the girl&#8217;s exposed body, knowing this only played into the accusation. 

She blushed as her eyes moved back to those of her accuser. The tall girl was staring at her breasts, making Katie aware of their stiffened tips pushing against the ruffled fabric of her dress. She knew her nipples had become hard watching Lauren&#8217;s body move with such strength and grace but to have her arousal acknowledged brought it to the forefront of her mind. She felt the heat in her cheeks as she realised what these girls would think of her. 

Katie opened her mouth to stammer a rebuttal, to refute the claim. Her mouth worked silently, the message simply not translating from her brain. How could she be believed? She had looked over the girl&#8217;s body and was clearly aroused. Her secret was a secret no longer. If this girl had picked up on it so easily What if she hadn&#8217;t? What if Lauren had said something to her?

You must be Katie Thomas?
Yes Ma&#8217;am, Katie responded instinctively, reacting to the sound of the older woman&#8217;s voice. She breathed a sigh of relief as the girl&#8217;s moved off into the showers, but she could not resist a final look at the tall teen. She felt her heart stop as she was caught, her glance at the departing buttocks noticed. Fuck!
I hear you are thinking of trying out for the team?
Yes Ma&#8217;am, Katie replied, looking at the coach for the first time. She had seen the strong woman as she coached the team during practice but had not realised how toned and muscular she truly was. She was a full foot taller than the young girl and the sheer size intimidated the diminutive teen. 
Well you are quite small so that will definitely work against you. We aren&#8217;t going to need anyone for a while but it couldn&#8217;t hurt to begin training. If you&#8217;re serious of course. Lauren has spoken for you and that means a lot in my book so we&#8217;ll see.
Thank you Ma&#8217;am, was all Katie could muster. 
Coach.
Thank you coach.
Better. Well, we&#8217;d love to have you along but grades must come first. Lauren has informed me of your situation and I couldn&#8217;t allow you a place until your grades and general behaviour improve. Lack of application in one aspect of your life indicates a character flaw that simply does not fit in with a team dynamic. Application, young lady, this is what you are lacking.
Yes coach, whispered Katie, thoroughly cowed by the overbearing woman&#8217;s demeanour. She hadn&#8217;t expected to be berated over the grades. 
Lauren tells me she has the situation in hand though, and that&#8217;s good enough for me. Come and see me when you think you&#8217;re ready and we&#8217;ll see.

With that the coach left the room, clipboard slapping sternly against her thigh. Katie watched her go, bewildered by the exchange that left her more apprehensive than ever. She looked about the room, desperate to catch sight of Lauren. The room was awash with naked bodies. Her eyes darted throughout the room, drinking in the sights of nubile teenagers. She had never seen such a collection of toned flesh and she felt giddy with the pleasure of such a display. Katie paused when she spotted her owner drying off her naked body. She had been taken by the sight of the other teenage girls, their lithe young bodies so soft and enticing, but she was mesmerised by the sight of her lover. The gentle upturned breasts held her like no other sight she had seen. She had to force herself to look away, afraid her interest would be interpreted correctly. Her pussy pulsed uncontrollably and she could feel her cream collecting along its length. 

She tried not to think of the moisture she knew coated the soft folds of her pussy. There was nothing now to hold it back. She disliked the feeling of damp panties against the smooth skin of her vulva but it was preferable to the fear of her cream dangling from her lips, the danger of a drip a constant worry. She could not deny that not wearing panties made her feel risque, sexy and a little naughty but these feelings were tempered by a fear that twisted inside her belly. If she wasn&#8217;t so aroused it would not matter, but she was a slut and that option was not open to her.

Katie reluctantly forced her eyes from her owner. She felt terribly out of place in the room of half-naked girls. It was strange to be clothed so prettily and she could not help but blush as she thought about how Lauren&#8217;s teammates would view her. Did everyone think she was a lesbian? She tried to focus on the walls or the discarded piles of towels at the room&#8217;s edge but no matter how hard she tried, her gaze was drawn to the occasional glimpse of breast or buttock. 

Her sex had grown slick from the thoughts she could not stop. The constant display of limber young flesh was tantalising, allowing her to constantly compare the forms with that of her owner. Only a few of the girls had completely smooth pussies and her eyes sought them out, almost as if they were controlled by another. None were as smooth and cute as her owner&#8217;s. A sharp pull of emotion swelled within her chest when she witnessed a near naked girl lean on her Lauren&#8217;s shoulder. The gesture was friendly, innocent, but Katie could not help the jealousy she felt. 

She looked away, ashamed of herself, not quite believing her own emotions. She had no right to be jealous. Katie shuffled nervously and surveyed the room with a sheepish look. She looked instinctively to Lauren for guidance but could not catch her eye. What was she doing here? She stood against the wall, anxious at feeling so out of place. She had already been charged with being a lesbian once, and her very presence only leant weight to the accusation. The stiffened points of her breasts, pushing through her dress, tiny peaks between which the soft material stretched taut, would not help to convince the girls of the innocence of the claim. 
?
Katie was conscious of the scrutiny from the room. She made sure she never looked in one place for too long, her eyes darting nervously. She stood at attention as she waited, aware of the whispered conversations that no doubt had her presence at their heart. She rubbed her sweat-slick palms against each other, her impatience clear for all to see. The girls dressed before her, the beautiful, lithe bodies rapidly disappearing beneath clothes. She caught glimpses of pretty patterned panties and bras and became all the more conscious of her own lack of underwear. There was but a thin layer of material covering her body, a flimsy layer that could all too easily be brushed aside to reveal her nakedness beneath. 

Katie relaxed a little as the coach strode back into the room. Her body stiffened but she felt more at ease at the same time. She did not feel so out of place now, for some reason the older woman settled her. She waited patiently as the coach addressed the now silent group of girls. Katie kept her gaze on the blank walls to her left, too self-conscious to look out over the attentive team of teenagers. The coach had come to stand just in front of her and Katie knew, as the coach spoke, that she was just as much the focus of attention. She looked out over the crowd just once, a quick, nervous glance. 

Well girls, great practice overall. We know what we need to work on. Our first game is just around the corner. Tuesday&#8217;s practice will be devoted entirely to fitness. And now there will be an extra ten reps of every activity, the coach added in response to the collective groan from the assembled girls. They dared not voice their disappointment again. Katie bit back a smile, knowing what it was like to be on the receiving end of such treatment. Ok now, off you go. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.

The room burst into activity as the girls rushed to finish dressing and collect their gear. Katie felt as if she was caught in some weird time-warp. She stood still as the gaggle of girls flowed around her, the frenetic pace of their movement made her feel as if she wasn&#8217;t even really there. She was somehow an invisible observer of a scene where time had been compressed. She searched forlornly for her owner, but she was a popular girl and was more often than not, surrounded by her teammates chatting and saying their farewells. Katie had never felt like more of an outsider. She was like a discarded sock, forgotten and unworthy of attention. 

When the attention finally came, it was not that which she craved. The tall, skinny girl that had called her a lesbian strutted towards her, intended conflict clear in her every movement. Katie was unsure what to do, she was out of her element, caught in this room full of girls, a tightly-knit group of strangers. She stood, wide-eyed, and looked up at the tall girl with fear-filled curiosity.

Well little lezzie, did you have fun? See anything you liked? No need to answer that, it&#8217;s pretty clear you did.

Katie met the tall girl&#8217;s sneer with an air of infuriating innocence. She knew her cheeks were blazing but they had done so since the moment she had stepped into the room filled with half-naked teenage girls. She tried to look past the girl, desperate for the help of her owner but she could not see her among the swirling mass. Why was she being so meek? Lauren wasn&#8217;t here to help her, she would have to stand up for herself. She wasn&#8217;t a les Okay so she was, but it was none of this bitch&#8217;s business what she was or what she did. 

Hey Sonya.
God, Harper, do you have to stick your nose in everything?
She&#8217;s with me, Lauren said casually, the barest hint of menace clear to both girls. Katie felt a surge of love for her owner that made her breath catch in her throat.
I didn&#8217;t know we were allowed to bring our girlfriends to practice.
Well what you don&#8217;t know could fill a warehouse.
Fucking smartass. Fuck off and eat a cunt Harper.
Oh Sonya, that&#8217;s what Kitty is going to do. Come on let&#8217;s get home so you can eat me out, smiled Lauren, nodding her head towards the door. She eats pussy like a champion.
Fuck you Harper.
Witty as ever.

Katie stumbled along after Lauren in a daze. She had just been outed as a lesbian. Lauren had just told another girl how good she was at eating pussy. It would be all over the school on Monday. How could she go back? How could she-? Katie looked at Lauren walking ahead of her, bobbing happily as though nothing had happened. She was joking! Sonya wouldn&#8217;t think it was true. Lauren was giving her shit, she was playing with her. No one would think she was a lesbian. No one would know what she was. Katie&#8217;s step quickened as the weight of fear was lifted from her shoulders. She caught up to Lauren and smiled, wanting her owner to know that she understood. She should have known all along, she knew she had acted stupidly. It was just She remembered the sudden shock she had felt, the terrible sinking feeling of exposure, her life spiralling away. Katie reached out to squeeze her owner&#8217;s hand without thinking. Lauren squeezed back, for just a second, and Katie was sure her heart would burst.

I think I&#8217;ve left my hairband in my locker. Fetch it Kitty. Hurry.
Yes Miss.

Katie hurried back to the locker-room, eager to complete her errand and please. She was thankful the room was deserted now, the floor and benches strewn with damp towels. She couldn&#8217;t help but wonder who was going to clean everything up. She stepped through the mess to the locker she had seen Lauren using. It was empty. The bench was empty, as was the floor around. There was nothing here. Would she get in trouble for returning without the band? She had to trust, to have faith in her owner. It was all she could do.

Katie ran from the room at full speed, not caring about the wild bouncing of her breasts. Her only thought was that her owner was waiting for her. She knew that was something a slave should always avoid. Lauren and Fiona were already in the car and she could see them all waiting for her. She scurried across the parking lot and threw herself into the back seat panting, hurriedly pushing her dress back down her legs. Her eyes flicked to Fiona, who was once again leaned over the front seat observing her. Katie blushed furiously, hoping the sly smile and raised eyebrow of Lauren&#8217;s teammate related to her mad dash across the parking lot and not any lewd flashing of her bare sex as she scrambled into the car.

Fiona turned to the front as the car pulled out of the lot and Katie stole a glance at Lauren and was rewarded with a smile. Her chest swelled with emotion at the simple gesture and she grinned madly back. She knew she must look like some lunatic but she could not help it. The merest gesture from her owner had power over her she did not understand. Her mood was tied so intimately to that of her lover&#8217;s that it almost felt as if her emotions were not her own. Lauren held up her hand and twirled the red, elastic band around her finger. Katie smiled with relief, glad that her owner had managed to find it after all.

Lauren slid her hand across the seat and Katie instinctively reached out to bridge the space between them. She sighed, almost audibly, as a sharp electric thrill coursed through her body as she made contact with the small, warm hand of her owner. The joyous teen looked back to the front, ready to snatch her hand back to avoid discovery. She wished with all her heart that Fiona would not turn around. She knew it was risky, this clandestine show of affection, but right now, there was nothing else in the world she wanted. 

Katie grasped her lover&#8217;s hand tighter as she felt her pussy tense rhythmically in response to the contact. Her other hand crept towards her lap and she halted its progress before it delved too deep. There was nothing between her wet sex and the thin material of her sundress. She knew that her creamy pussy would stain the delicate material, her lust quickly clear to all. Now, in the confined space of the car, she could smell arousal. The heady aroma of her musk wafted to her and she hoped that the freshly soaped bodies of the other girls would mask her scent. 

What the hell had happened to her in the locker room. She&#8217;d behaved like some Well she had behaved like some lesbian slut, turned on by the smorgasbord of tight, young bodies, bared so innocently for her scrutiny. So she had behaved exactly like what she was. Then why was she blushing now at the very thought of it?

* * * * *

Kitty?
Yes Miss?

Lauren looked down at her feet and Katie fell instantly to her knees. She put her hands behind her back and leaned down to kiss the shoes of her owner. Thankfully they were not the pair Lauren had worn during practice. That mud-caked pair were bundled safely in a plastic bag. A sudden jolt of fear flashed in Katie&#8217;s mind. They were barely two paces inside the front door and here she was on her knees, kissing the feet of another girl. What if Lauren&#8217;s parents had come home while they were out.

Katie paused for but an instant, trusting in her owner, she could do little else. Her soft lips gently caressed the top of each of Lauren&#8217;s sneakers before she knelt back on her heels. Her dress had crept up her legs and with her thighs now widely spread, as she had been taught, she knew her cream-coated pussy would be visible to her owner.

Turn around Kitty. I did not say to get up! Head on the ground. Get those titties on the floor, now arch your back, ass up. Good girl. This is a new position for you. This is &#8216;present&#8217;. Stand up. Present.

Katie fell back to her knees, resting at attention for less than a second. She quickly adopted the position she had just been taught, presenting her exposed pussy to her owner. 

My, my Kitty. My little creamy pussy indeed. And what&#8217;s this from, hmmm?
Um, from, um from the girls Miss.
Such a slut. Were you checking out all my teammates?
Yes Miss, but, um, I only a bit. I, Miss, I wanted to look at Miss you are the prettiest. I only just looked at the other girls a bit, I mean I couldn&#8217;t help it.

Katie knew she was babbling now but she couldn&#8217;t stop. She had quickly realised what she had said and how that could make Lauren feel. Did she think she was looking at the other girls in a sexual way? She hadn&#8217;t been, it had just been the very sight of all those smooth bodies and sensual curves. She had thought of her time with Lauren. She had almost been able to taste her owner as she surveyed the flesh displayed before her.

We both know what kind of slut you are Kitty. No need to get all flustered. Just remember who you belong to.

Katie shivered under the gentle touch of her Mistress. Lauren&#8217;s hands caressed her inner thigh and she felt the effects deep inside her. She had hoped for this all morning. She wanted to remain still but her body moved on its own, raising her buttocks higher, presenting her sex for the attention she hoped would lead to release. Her pussy was on fire and she could not stop the gentle gyrations of her hips as she yearned for the soft touch to reach higher.

Katie moaned plaintively as Lauren stood up and moved away. Her achingly hard nipples were pressed into the floor and she swept her breasts back and forth, rubbing the stiffened tips against the rough weave of the carpet. It was the only thing she could do to sate her arousal. She could always move, slide her hands to her pussy and pleasure herself. She was sure it would not take much for her to come, but that required permission. Her hands stayed firmly in the small of her back as she waited for Lauren to return.

Katie jumped, startled by the sudden touch at her pussy. She had not heard Lauren soft step. Her owner moved like a cat, silent and graceful. She supposed it did not help that she was so easily distracted but still There was no way she could sneak up on anyone now, not since those pretty bells had been locked around her ankle. 

The touch was cold against her slick lips and the exposed teen quickly deduced its nature. The cool blade of the spoon pushed past her plump lips, collecting her cream. She sensed Lauren move up her body and raised her head, feeling it was the right thing to do. She opened her mouth wide and accepted the slimy spoon without thought.

Good girl.

The brief praise sent a tingling thrill through her chest as she savoured her own taste. Twice more her cream was collected and fed to her, each mouthful accompanied by the softly spoken words of encouragement. Katie smiled each time, proud that she was obviously pleasing her owner. She enjoyed the taste of her pussy. Lauren&#8217;s praise for her behaviour only sweetened the flavour. 

Time for something to eat Kitty. Before you make lunch you can have another snack. Come.

Katie crawled into the lounge behind her owner, eager to get her mouth over that tight little slit. Lauren slid her shorts down her leg and lay back on the couch. She patted her panty-covered crotch and Katie launched herself forward. She pressed her lips against the white cotton panties, feeling the soft lips beneath, the gentle split between them and, most important of all, the tiny hard button that caused the familiar pulse in her own pussy each time her lips found it.

Katie pressed her face against Lauren&#8217;s pussy, trying her best to nudge the panties aside while also making it seem like an accident. She hadn&#8217;t been told to move them, but her lips yearned to touch flesh. She knew Lauren was teasing her and she was trying to remain patient but her blood was up. Her own arousal was only heightened by the proximity of her lover&#8217;s moist sex. She could smell the gentle scent, so much subtler than her own. 

Katie became impatient with her inability to reach her goal. She pushed her tongue into the panties, doing her best to force her way past the thin material. She knew she could not pierce the barrier with her tongue but she was not thinking rationally. Her frustration was beginning to get the better of her and she moaned impatiently as she heard Lauren giggle.
Ok pussywhistle, take my panties off. Did I say to use your hands! Kitty you really seem like you want to be caned, hmmm. Do you?
No Miss. I&#8217;m sorry, I didn&#8217;t think, it&#8217;s just
Well?
Um, Miss I want to eat your pussy please. You&#8217;re teasing me.
Lauren laughed at Katie&#8217;s pleading tone. Ok Kitty. You have been a good girl so Take your dress off, hang it up in the closet and bring down my dildo. Then you can have your reward. Katie was on her feet, the flimsy sundress over her head in one swift motion. Kitty! You weren&#8217;t told to stand up. Stay on your knees, now hurry, I&#8217;m hungry.

Katie sank back to her knees and draped the dress around her neck. She crawled upstairs as fast as she could, taking the stairs awkwardly. She stretched up as high as she could and was just able to reach the hanger for her dress. She rifled through Lauren&#8217;s bottom drawer and found her owner&#8217;s dildo. It was so very different to her own. It was almost eight inches long and looked exactly like a cock with veins and everything. She couldn&#8217;t very well crawl back downstairs with it in her hand so she made a decision, one she hoped Lauren would approve.

Lauren smiled wondrously as Katie crawled into the room, the long flesh-coloured dildo bobbing from her mouth. The young girl almost lost her grip as she smiled, knowing her decision had pleased her owner. She was quickly kneeling before Lauren, naked now, her mouth filled with the thick sex toy. She sat back on her heels and waited, hoping her owner had finished playing with her.

Come closer Kitty. Good girl. Now get that in your cunt and make sure it doesn&#8217;t come out. Now my little slut, get that mouth to work.

The thick dildo slid inside her with almost no resistance. She moaned as it pushed past her lips, spreading the plump flesh and penetrating the sensitive folds of her vagina. Katie spread her legs pushing her sex flush against the floor, forcing the flexible cock deep inside her. She couldn&#8217;t believe how good it felt to be penetrated, to feel so full. Despite the ecstasy that surged within her, she did not lose sight of her true goal.

Lauren was still almost fully clothed. Her panties were still on, as was her bra and shirt. Katie wished that her owner had undressed, to gift her with the sight of her exquisite body, but it was not to be. She felt her own nudity all the more keenly being in the room with someone almost fully clothed. Had this been how the girls on the lacrosse team had felt with her in the room? She seriously doubted it.

Katie could wait no longer. She attacked her owner&#8217;s panties with the fervour of a wild thing. She was very careful to grasp just the panties with her teeth. The thought of nipping the tender flesh beneath caused a sudden surge of fear to shiver down her spine. It was a slow, frustrating process, switching back and forth from left to right, pulling the panties down inch by inch. 

Katie felt the triumph well inside her when they finally slid past Lauren&#8217;s buttocks. She grasped the crotch of the panties in her mouth and pulled them down her owner&#8217;s slim legs in one long swift motion. The muted musk of Lauren&#8217;s sex filled her nostrils and she guiltily breathed deeply, savouring the scent. She looked up at her owner sheepishly, hoping she had not noticed the way she had lingered over the damp panties.

Katie hid her embarrassment by burying her face between Lauren&#8217;s legs, devouring the tight young pussy with a fanatic fervour. She still had trouble reconciling the way she felt with the way she thought she should feel. Only a few weeks ago she would have argued vehemently with anyone who called her a slut and even though she had accepted that she was, there were some things she just could not adjust to. 

Even as she lapped at another girl&#8217;s pussy like a thirsty dog she could feel the heat building in her cheeks at the thought of what she did and of how natural and how wonderful it felt. She wished her brain would follow her body. Her own pussy stirred with a lust she could not contain. She knew the thick white cream she produced was, by now, coating the length of her cunt and was no doubt dripping from her full lips.

It was over far too quickly for Katie, her own arousal was still rising when she felt Lauren&#8217;s hips buck beneath her. She had been watching her lover intently, her eyes never once looking away. She revelled in the pleasure she saw on her owner&#8217;s face and had read the signs of the impending orgasm before the slim body had responded. 

Katie gasped as her face was pressed firmly into Lauren&#8217;s crotch, her owner&#8217;s hands clutched wildly in her hair. The sudden pressure in her scalp hurt but she didn&#8217;t want it to stop. She felt her own pussy pulse rapidly as her long black locks were wrapped in her owner&#8217;s hands, increasing the intense sensation and sending a shiver down her spine. 

Katie knew Lauren was winding down but she did not want this to stop. She would never have imagined that she would be like this, almost coming without being touched, approaching climax from serving another girl. Right now she didn&#8217;t care how she had come to be here, the property of a girl she went to school with. Right now, all she knew was that she loved this girl she belonged to and wanted nothing more than to make her happy. 

Lauren breathed deeply, one last long inhalation of pleasure before letting the young girl go. Katie moaned as the pain in her scalp lessened, leaving behind a hot, burning sensation radiating down her neck and into the rest of her body. She continued to lick the glistening pussy, eager for the approval she now sought above all else. Her tongue moved slowly, savouring the soft, slick skin, wanting only to stay with her Mistress.

Ah, Lauren sighed, easing herself back onto the couch. Having her pussy eaten was the perfect way to finish a practice. Good girl. You&#8217;re such a good girl, Kitty. You&#8217;re a bit cheeky aren&#8217;t you though? You&#8217;d be down there all day if I allowed it, wouldn&#8217;t you? No need to speak my little weasel, we both know the answer to that.

Lunchtime now. I need to have a shower. Make me a yummy sandwich while I get cleaned up. When you finish the sandwich, take my shoes out back and clean them. There&#8217;s an old toothbrush in the laundry cupboard. But first we need to get you dressed, can&#8217;t have you outside looking like that now can we?

Katie breathed a sigh of relief and felt her shoulders relax when she heard she would be allowed something to wear. The idea of being outside like this had instantly made her tense. Lauren&#8217;s yard was well screened with a high wooden fence and plenty of trees but that didn&#8217;t really mean much to her. She was thankful that Lauren was thinking of her.

Ok cheeky, you&#8217;ve had enough of that for now. You&#8217;ve got work to do.

Katie reluctantly pulled away, sat back on her heels and licked her lips. Her mouth and chin were coated in the juice from her owner&#8217;s cunt and she did her best to remove as much as she could with her tongue. She looked at Lauren one last time, the feelings that filled her every pore were overwhelming. She paused for a second longer as she met her owner&#8217;s eyes, willing her love to the girl who now controlled her: her life, her body and even her emotions. 

Ok, put on those lovely red and black socks I bought you and your heels. Off you go, don&#8217;t be lazy now that you&#8217;re not attached to my pussy like a limpet.

The nervous schoolgirl scurried to her feet and hurried up the stairs to Lauren&#8217;s bedroom. She wasn&#8217;t being lazy, she was just waiting for the rest of the outfit to come. She knew now that this was not going to happen. Lauren had no intention of clothing her properly. She had assumed it and she was stupid for doing so. Katie glimpsed her pussy while she rolled the socks up her legs and slipped her feet into the shiny black heels. She hadn&#8217;t been wrong about the state of her sex though. A thick sheen of cream covered her puffy lips, coating the deep-pink flesh with a bright white gloss that seemed to shine with a light of its own. She wanted to reach down and slide her fingers along the smooth skin but dared not. Lauren would be sure to know and she didn&#8217;t want to think about how much trouble she could get into. 

Dressed in the briefest of outfits she hurried into the kitchen. It was only as she stood looking at the refrigerator that she realised she had no idea what a &#8216;yummy sandwich&#8217; entailed. She quickly began searching for ingredients, trying to think what Lauren liked and what worked well together on a sandwich. 

Before long the bench was covered with food and the young girl surveyed what she had to work with. She could not help but look at her own body as she contemplated the sandwich she was to make. Her nipples remained hard, each tight pink bud of flesh standing rigidly from her breasts. Her pussy showed no ill effects of the treatment it had received the night before and she marvelled at the body&#8217;s ability to recover. She could still feel the dull ache deep in the tissue but it was nothing to the pleasure that still throbbed along the entire length of her sex.

She tried to forget her body and focus on the task at hand but her nudity was distracting. She needed to come and her unsated desire was making it hard for the young girl to focus. She put the sandwich together almost without thought, standing back to survey her first real sandwich with more than a little hint of triumph. She left the sandwich on a plate, cleaned up the mess she had made and moved quickly into the laundry.

She had been conscious, as she made Lauren&#8217;s sandwich, that she was making only one. She tried not to wonder what she would have for lunch, after all Lauren always made sure she ate, but she couldn&#8217;t help but think about it. Her belly had grumbled since the moment she had smelled the fresh bread, the sweet, doughy scent tantalising her, making her mouth water. She could still taste Lauren&#8217;s pussy and the mix of senses left her confused and excited.

Katie had no trouble finding the old toothbrush, its bristles frayed and discoloured, but she hesitated on the threshold. Outside that door was the open air, and people possibly. The mere possibility had her trembling, her hand rattling the metal knob as she tried to overcome her fear and open the door. She looked out the small window and could see nothing. The yard was empty, but that didn&#8217;t mean a thing. There could be a whole crowd of people standing just out of sight, waiting for her to emerge. What if Lauren had organised the whole thing and the lacrosse team was out there, waiting to laugh at her. 

She knew she was being stupid and paranoid but she couldn&#8217;t help it. Even after she scolded herself for being so silly her hand refused to turn the knob. It was only the thought of Lauren&#8217;s face upon noticing she had not done as she was told that spurred her into movement. The thought of her owner&#8217;s disappointment broke the dam of her fear and she flung the door open in one sudden jerk.

The yard was empty, the neighbourhood quiet. Katie leaned out of the door, doing her best to keep her body within the confines of the laundry, and peeked around the yard. She really had been terribly dumb. Lauren was not about to show her off to her friends. If she had wanted to do that, there had been plenty of time in the locker room. Get over yourself, she chastised fiercely, grasping Lauren&#8217;s shoes even tighter.

Katie decided it was time to be smart. Lauren had told her to clean her shoes outside, but had not specified where. She thought about sitting in the doorway and cleaning them there but quickly discounted that as it would only make a greater mess. She couldn&#8217;t take too long though, she didn&#8217;t know when Lauren would be down and she had to at least have started to clean by then.

A solution presented itself and Katie wasted no more time on thought. She ran out of the house, keeping as close as she could to the walls and crouched down between two large potted plants. She was well screened to either side, needing only to worry about being seen from the house directly behind. Without a further thought she dumped the shoes on the ground and started to clean. It was quickly evident that she would need water to loosen the already hardening mud that caked Lauren&#8217;s sneakers.

She would need to make another trip to the laundry and she cursed herself for not thinking. Each time she moved she exposed herself to discovery. She blushed at the mere thought of being spotted by a neighbour. She knew if that happened there was no way she could return to the yard. She would take her punishment and apologise as best she could but she knew she simply couldn&#8217;t face exposure again. 

She was being stupid again, thinking about things that had not happened and probably wouldn&#8217;t. She ran as fast as she could back to the laundry, unfettered breasts bobbing with abandon. Her nipples would never go down if she kept bouncing them around like that and besides, was running really any better than slinking sneakily. 

Bucket of water found and filled, Katie headed back outside, this time walking slowly. This was much better, her heels did not make as much noise on the paved path and she could survey the yard as she walked. It did not take her long to reach her spot and squat down between the pots. To keep her shoes and socks clean she had to squat with her feet and knees wide apart. She knew what this meant but she had no option, if she returned with mud-spattered clothing she was sure to be in trouble. 

Her eyes were drawn to her pussy like a moth to a flame and she felt her cheeks warm as she looked at her plump lips, splayed by her position and slathered in cream. She was such a fucking slut. Why did Lauren like her? She knew why, it was a silly question, but seeing herself like this, her sluttish nature never more apparent, she still questioned it.

Her gaze kept flicking back to her obscenely exposed sex as she scoured her owner&#8217;s shoes as clean as she could. She was consumed by what she saw, unable to think of anything else, her hands moving as if on autopilot. Katie was oblivious to the passage of time, lost among the chaotic sea of sensation, emotions both new and confusing filling her consciousness.

Katie squealed and threw the shoe she had been cleaning into the yard. A sudden noise had startled her, instantly bringing back every paranoid, fearful thought with full force. She looked to her left, heart beating with machine-gun pace, her every muscle poised to flee. Even after she realised the noise had been made by Lauren, gently leaning against the large wooden table, she could not relax. Her body was tensed, like a gazelle ready for flight.

Her owner simply smiled at her, delighting in the shocked look on the face of the panic-stricken young girl. Lauren pulled a chair out from the table and sat down facing Katie and proceeded to eat the lunch that had been made for her. Katie stayed frozen for what felt like an hour, but she knew, from her owner still chewing the first mouthful of sandwich, that it had been mere seconds. She looked at the shoe she had thrown and hurriedly crawled to collect it.

Knees off the ground Kitty. Don&#8217;t you dare ruin those socks.

Katie immediately rose from her knees and awkwardly duck walked into the yard to retrieve her owner&#8217;s shoe. She tried to focus on her task and get back to the safety of her pots but she could not help but look nervously towards the neighbouring properties. There was still no sign of anyone but it almost seemed too quiet. There was a sombre hush over the neighbourhood, the silence heavy with expectation.

The tension that twisted her body eased but a little as she hid herself between the two large pots. She darted a sidelong glance at her owner but quickly turned to cleaning the muddy shoe when she noticed Lauren&#8217;s continued scrutiny. She dared not look again but she was dying to know if her sandwich was satisfactory. Lauren was eating and that had to mean something, she just hoped she was enjoying it as well. 

Kitty come sit by me.

Katie had known, she had just known, that command had been coming. It had been almost like a premonition, she knew that once Lauren had joined her, she would not be left alone to finish her task the way she had chosen. She did want to be closer to her owner but she was reticent to leave the feeble security she had chosen. Reluctantly, Katie stood up and walked towards the table. 

Stand up straight. You&#8217;re heading for a spanking pussywhistle.

Katie immediately straightened her body, thrusting her young breasts forward for the world to see. She knew she shouldn&#8217;t have hunched over and she hadn&#8217;t really achieved anything. If anyone had been watching, her body was on display no matter how she stood. Even as she had done it she had known how ungraceful she had looked and she had known it was wrong. Lauren liked her to be pretty and she had deliberately done the opposite.

Now sit. Pop that little ass on the ground. No Kitty, shuffle around towards me. That&#8217;s a good girl.

As she had turned towards her owner, Katie had spread her legs wide, not only to keep her socks from becoming dirty but she knew her owner wanted to see her pussy and the evidence of her insatiable desire. She knew by now that it was a slave&#8217;s place to make sure her owner could see her property but she also knew it was a slut&#8217;s nature to display her body. She couldn&#8217;t really take the credit though, her legs had seemed to spread themselves, a thought that both excited and troubled her.

Katie cleaned in silence, stealing glances at her owner as she removed the dried mud from each sneaker. She scrubbed hard and intently, constantly dipping the frayed old toothbrush in the increasingly dirty water. Katie enjoyed the sensation of the sun on her skin and soon forgot that she was exposed to view. 

Finished Kitty?
Almost Miss, I just have this last bit on the heel.
Did you like the practice?
Yes Miss, it was a lot of fun. You&#8217;re the best on the team.
Oh, Kitty, you&#8217;re adorable. I could just eat you up sometimes.
I wish you would. 

Katie froze the moment the words were out of her mouth. Had she seriously said that aloud? She could tell by the sly grin on Lauren&#8217;s face that she had indeed. What the fuck was wrong with her? She had been thinking it, she couldn&#8217;t help it. And there wasn&#8217;t anything wrong with that anyway. She was so turned on she felt she would burst. How could she have lost control so completely as to just blurt out something like that?

Oh really? If you weren&#8217;t so cute I might just have to punish that kind of sass.
I&#8217;m sorry Miss, I didn&#8217;t mean-
Kitty? Are you telling me you lied?
No Miss. I
Well, tell me truly. You know a slave must always be open and honest with her owner.
Yes Miss, it&#8217;s just
Well then, let&#8217;s hear some honesty from my little slut.
Miss I wish you would eat me, Katie admitted, her head hung low, unable to meet her owner&#8217;s gaze.
Explain.
Um Katie searched for the right words but her brain wasn&#8217;t working. Miss I would love it to have my pussy eaten by you, but it&#8217;s not like I would ever tell-
Don&#8217;t be shy my little slut, Lauren said, stretching out her feet and wiggling her bared toes against the glistening softness between the young girl&#8217;s legs. Tell me what you would like.
I would like your mouth on my pussy and your tongue inside me and your lips on my clit and I would like to come like that.

Katie squirmed as her owner&#8217;s toes bumped against her tiny clit but she was relieved to have unburdened herself. Telling her lover how she felt had been like the confessional, as if a tightness in her chest had suddenly been removed. She was blushing furiously, giving the impression she had already been in the sun too long, but she smiled sheepishly at the grin on Lauren&#8217;s face. She wasn&#8217;t mad. Nothing else mattered: not her nudity, not the submissive position she was in, not even the throb she felt between her legs. 

Come here Kitty, your hair&#8217;s a mess.

Katie shuffled closer, turning around at her owner&#8217;s insistence, nestling herself between Lauren&#8217;s legs. The slim thighs closed around her shoulders and Katie relaxed into the embrace as her owner ran her hands slowly through her luxuriant, ebon tresses. She hadn&#8217;t realised just how messy she had been, but as the deft fingers of her lover removed the tangled knots created during her forceful pussyeating, she was thankful for the gentle grooming. She could still feel the slight tenderness in her scalp, the remnant of the violent attention she had received as she pleasured her owner.

Katie almost forgot her nudity as the tender motion of Lauren&#8217;s hands through her hair, calmed her frayed nerves. She could feel her body respond, her pussy moistening with fresh cream, her squirming, forcing the soft flesh of her buttocks against the rough bricks. Her solace was interrupted as her body&#8217;s reaction reminded her of what she was and where she was. 

Katie opened her eyes and glanced frantically around the yard. The trees screening the fence were swaying gently in the breeze, the soft rustling a susurrant whisper that helped to calm her. A distant radio played music she could hear only as a faint melody, barely discerned. The sun beat down upon her bare skin and she once again closed her eyes, breathing languidly, the air like warm honey. 

She tried her best to banish thoughts of discovery. She tried not to worry about her body exposed: her full breasts, nipples standing rigidly at attention, her pussy spread and dripping. She was not successful and her failure to focus completely, to enjoy the attention of her owner, something she cherished above all else, annoyed her, making it even harder to relax. She was lost in a spiral of frustration, the realisation of which only caused her more distress. She was a slut, the property of another, she knew these things. So why was she still plagued by these niggling doubts.

Ok pussywhistle, all play and no work makes Kitty a dull slave. Inside, put those pretty shoes back and collect the cane while you are there, then present yourself in the lounge.

Lauren&#8217;s hands had slid down her head and closed around Katie&#8217;s neck as she spoke. They tightened as Katie made to rise, the petite fingers twining across her throat. She did not know what to do so she lowered her body to the ground, confused but yielding to the other girl&#8217;s control. She tilted her head back as her gathered hair was pulled down. 

Katie breathed out huskily as Lauren leaned down and kissed her. The breathless teen closed her eyes as their lips met. She had never been kissed like this and she didn&#8217;t know what to do. She didn&#8217;t want Lauren to think she was foolish so she simply followed her lead, knowing it was the right thing for her to do anyway. She turned her head a little to the left and opened wider, allowing her owner&#8217;s tongue to slide inside her mouth. The sweating schoolgirl moaned as Lauren&#8217;s tongue slid across hers, pushing down and pinning it to the bottom of her mouth. Katie could still feel her pussy pulsing when the kiss was broken. Her hair remained trapped in Lauren&#8217;s hand and she looked up at the pale blue sky, her mouth open invitingly. 

Tell me what you are Kitty?
I&#8217;m yours Miss.
So you are, but you are more than that.
Um, I&#8217;m a slut. Your slut, she added quickly.
That&#8217;s right little weasel. But first you are a slave. You are my property. You belong to me. Now Kitty, what are you?
I&#8217;m a slave, Miss, Katie answered breathily, affected by the small hand trailing gently down her exposed throat. Lauren&#8217;s fingers found the rigid collar around the young girl&#8217;s neck, the metal warm from the sun. 
And this?
My collar, Miss.
Good girl. This marks you as mine. You feel it always don&#8217;t you?
Yes Miss.
And how does it make you feel, Kitty?
Um, Katie hesitated, closing her eyes against the brilliance of the clear sky. It makes me think of you, Miss. It makes I feel like you are with me and I always try to be good.
It reminds you that you are owned doesn&#8217;t it Kitty? You&#8217;re a possession and your purpose is to serve.
Yes Miss it does, Katie replied, feeling the truth of Lauren&#8217;s words deep inside her. 
I take very good care of my possessions Kitty, you know that. But I always make sure what I own works the way I want it to, otherwise what&#8217;s the point. You aren&#8217;t any different. If you&#8217;re a good girl and behave, you may earn a treat. If you are naughty or don&#8217;t follow your rules, you get punished. That&#8217;s only fair and right isn&#8217;t it?
Yes Miss, Katie said eagerly, worrying about where this speech was going. She used to tune out a little when Lauren was like this and she was ashamed of that now. Had she done something wrong? Was she going to be punished? Was that why Lauren had ordered her to collect the cane?
A slave accepts her punishment because it is helping her to learn to be a better slave. Understand?
Yes Miss, the young girl replied, her worry intensifying.
Now hurry and do as you&#8217;re told.

The moment her hair was released, Katie scrambled to her feet to do her owner&#8217;s bidding, spurred on by the talk of punishment that had unsettled her.

Wait. Come back here. No back up, slowly. Katie walked carefully backwards, her heels clicking on the bricks. Stop.

Katie tensed, unsure what was happening. She soon relaxed when she realised Lauren was simply brushing the dirt and grit that had stuck to her bottom. She stood still, submitting herself to the cleaning, trying her best to ignore the sensations flowing from her pussy. She squealed at the sudden slap on her ass but did not move.

Don&#8217;t go into my house dirty like that again. Now move.

Katie accepted the scolding with good grace. She hadn&#8217;t even thought her bottom might have been dirty, but she should have. She had let Lauren down, it was just she wasn&#8217;t used to being naked like this. She didn&#8217;t know to think of those kind of things, but she was learning. She wouldn&#8217;t make the mistake again.

Miss, may I take the dishes?
Good girl, beamed Lauren, looking at the empty plate and glass that sat on the table. Finally starting to think correctly. I knew you were meant for this.

Katie smiled at the compliment and cleared away the lunch dishes. The praise she had received made her bold, giving her the confidence to ask a question that had been playing upon her mind.

Um, Miss, was the sandwich satisfactory?
Are you fishing for compliments Kitty? You know that a slave serves because that is who she is, not so she can have her ego stroked.
No Miss, I wasn&#8217;t, I didn&#8217;t. I just meant I wanted, Katie took a deep breath, looking around the open yard with wild eyes. Why didn&#8217;t she just keep her mouth shut. Every second she was out here she increased the chance she would be seen. She needed to get back inside the house. Miss, I only meant that if I could make a good sandwich then I would know how to please you and that is what I want, honest. I just want to be good for you.

Lauren looked at the naked girl, small tears welling in her pretty green eyes. She could tell she was sincere which made her even more satisfied with her acquisition. The sexy little thing was flustered and it fuelled Lauren&#8217;s desire for her. She felt her nipples stiffen under her shirt and looked over the schoolgirl&#8217;s naked body with greedy eyes. She really did want to please and that was the most effective aphrodisiac there was. 

Yes Kitty, the sandwich was delicious. Next time, don&#8217;t bother with butter. If you have avocado, use that as a spread.
Oh, Miss, I&#8217;ll remember.
Now get, you&#8217;ve been out here far too long. If you get sunburnt I&#8217;ll make sure your ass is red for a different reason.

* * * * *

Katie knelt on the carpet in front of the lounge, quietly waiting for her owner to join her. She had scurried inside and collected the cane as fast as she could. Her pretty heels were now stashed neatly in Lauren&#8217;s cupboard. She liked them, she really did, she couldn&#8217;t help but feel sexy when she was walking around the mall, but at home, especially when she wasn&#8217;t permitted any other clothing, they made her feel, well slutty. Not that there was anything wrong with that, it was just she liked them better as part of an outfit.

The naked schoolgirl&#8217;s body stiffened as she heard movement behind her. For once she heard Lauren coming and was able to prepare, making sure she was in the best position she could be. Her arms were raised in front of her, the cane resting loosely on her upturned palms. She hadn&#8217;t been taught to sit this way exactly, but it felt right and she hoped Lauren liked it. Her knees were spread widely and her butt rested on her feet. Her pussy was only inches above the carpet, the thick cream that clung to her lips posing a constant danger. 

Katie wasn&#8217;t sure if she should ask to clean her pussy. She was a little worried that she would get in trouble if she made a mess of the carpet. On the other hand, she knew Lauren liked her creamy pussy. Would she want it cleaned? That was the important thing but if she asked, then maybe Lauren would call her a good girl for thinking correctly. She still remembered the thrill that had run through her at her owner&#8217;s praise. 

Katie watched as Lauren sat on the couch before her, a vision of languid grace. Her mouth opened to ask her question, when she noticed the way her classmate was sitting. Katie rose to her feet, trying her best to emulate the smooth movements of her owner. She kept her hands straight, balancing the cane, as she stepped forward and placed her pussy over the upturned palm. She couldn&#8217;t hold back the soft moan at the touch, the petite fingers sliding effortlessly inside her.

Good girl. We&#8217;re going to do some position training Kitty, see how well you have learned your lessons. I&#8217;m happy that you&#8217;ve remembered your pussy presentation. Such a creamy pussy. Why&#8217;s this little cunt so wet hmmm, you were almost about to drip all over the place.
Um, I&#8217;m wet for you Miss.
Oh I know Kitty, but it&#8217;s nice to hear you say it. You like letting me know how much of a slut you are don&#8217;t you?
Yes Miss.
Back on your knees. Clean. Sweet sixteen indeed. Such sweet cream, hey Kitty?
Yes Miss, Katie mumbled, her mouth filled with her owner&#8217;s fingers, diligently removing all trace of her sexual discharge. 
That&#8217;s your reward for being a good girl today. Now let&#8217;s see if you can earn another treat.

Lauren stood up and took the cane the young girl offered to her. Katie cringed, her whole body tensing as the thick length of wood swished viciously through the air in front of her. She remembered that sound and the pain it brought. She had been good, Lauren had just said so. She tried not to jump to conclusions but the very existence of the cane worried her.

Kneel. Katie was already on her knees so she simply straightened her body, pushing her shoulders back, forcing her breasts forward, her nipples hard points. Up. No Kitty, Lauren said, tapping the young girl&#8217;s chin for emphasis, chin up. Little more, eyes forward. Good girl.

Katie could not help but smile, despite the demeaning position she was in. She tried not to look at Lauren but it was difficult. The compliment excited her but she longed to see the smile on her owner&#8217;s face. 

Now Kitty, I have come home, you are waiting at the door like a good slave. Let me see how a slave greets her owner.

Katie thought for a moment, trying hard to make sure she did the right thing. She tried to think back on what Lauren had taught her and hoped she was right. She raised her body and leant forward.

No Kitty, Lauren chided, the cane flicking the naked teen&#8217;s breast. Hands behind your back. Use your body for control, it is why you are being trained. Again, slowly. I said slowly not like a geriatric tortoise. An owner wants to be greeted by her slave when she comes home, not an hour afterwards.

Katie cringed at the chastisement but accepted the instruction. She leaned forward again, slowly and gracefully but faster than before. She kept her hands firmly behind her back and bent her body, reaching her face towards Lauren&#8217;s feet. She could feel the strain in her stomach but knew Lauren was right, this was why she was exercising. It wasn&#8217;t just for fitness, it was for her training as well. 

The young girl pursed her lips and kissed the top of each bare foot, letting her soft lips linger for but a moment against her lover&#8217;s skin. She moved back into her kneeling position, her body tensed, waiting for the approval she so desperately sought.

Good girl. Attention. Katie&#8217;s heart fluttered at her owner&#8217;s recognition and hurried to a standing position. No Kitty. Kneel. Now take a moment to think about what you are doing. Just because you are a slave doesn&#8217;t mean you stop thinking. Now stand at attention. Think about your body. Make sure your movements are pleasing to the eye. Don&#8217;t just scramble as fast as you can like some untrained skank rushing to collect her tips.

Katie blushed, watching the cane swinging loosely from Lauren&#8217;s hand. She had been eager to please but in doing so, she had achieved the opposite. There weren&#8217;t any shortcuts for a slave. Her rules were clear and all she had to do was remember them. She tried again, this time rising first to her knees, then pushing to her feet, her hands clasped firmly behind her back throughout.

That&#8217;s my good girl. Just look at that fat puss. It knows what you are.

Katie knew what she meant. The entire length of her vagina was tingling and she knew she was once again oozing the thick white liquid that marked her arousal. She could no longer avoid the truth that had been hiding in the back of her brain for some time. Being trained, being told what to do and obeying, turned her on. She hadn&#8217;t wanted it to be true, until now. Right now, being trained by her owner, she did not care. She knew it was futile to ignore it or resist the way she felt. What was the point? Lauren knew already, she was only fooling herself. The evidence was clear, her body had responded whether she had wanted it to or not. She couldn&#8217;t fight her nature and she vowed that no longer would she try.

Kneel. Katie settled on her knees, as fast and as smoothly as she could, hands upturned obediently. Now when you are told to present you will do the following. Turn around so that pretty cunt is facing me and lean forward, arms on the floor, palms up. Keep those knees wide at all times Kitty, you are presenting my property to me. Now arch your back, a little more, belly down, ass up. That&#8217;s right, there&#8217;s my good girl.

Katie&#8217;s face was pressed into the rough carpet as she exposed her pussy to her owner. It was an incredibly vulnerable position, more so than any other she had experienced. Her forearms lay flat along the floor, her palms turned upwards beside her head. She waited, breathing in the stale, dusty scent of the carpet as she imagined Lauren inspecting her sex.

Now Kitty, there are times when a slave should be seen and not heard. At times like this if a slave wants something she lets her owner know. On your knees. Up, this time your body, smiled Lauren as Kitty raised her chin just a little bit. Arms by your side, elbows in, hands up. Katie knew what Lauren wanted and quickly adopted the position, her hands flopping loosely from the wrist. Mouth open, tongue out. That&#8217;s a good girl. This is beg. Don&#8217;t pant Kitty, you&#8217;re not a dog. You wait like this until you are acknowledged, then you ask your question, respectfully.

Katie had quickly stopped panting, her face flushing from the embarrassment of her stupid assumption. She felt helpless and small in this position, something she knew she might have to hold for some time. She would have to wait for Lauren to decide she was worth noticing and she knew from past experience that it could take some time. She knew Lauren didn&#8217;t do it on purpose, it was just that she had a lot to think about and she was there to serve after all. She didn&#8217;t like it when Lauren failed to notice her, she yearned for her lover&#8217;s attention and it was torture for it to be denied.

For the next twenty minutes Katie was put through her paces. Switching between positions, accepting Lauren&#8217;s constant small adjustments. She did her best to bury the frustration she felt when she made a mistake or if Lauren pushed her without praise. Those two small words came to mean the world to her. They banished the frustration she felt at her inadequacies. Katie began to push herself, striving for perfection, contorting her body in search of the approval that now motivated her very existence.

Ok Kitty. If you give me one flawless set, we&#8217;ll see about doing something with that puss.

Katie&#8217;s eyes sparkled at the challenge. She would to her best. No, she would do better than that. She remembered everything she had been taught, remembering the small tap of the cane that accompanied each correction: chin not high enough, legs not wide enough, shoulders not straight enough. She had been trained and she had obeyed. This was the test. She wanted to come, but she wanted to please Lauren and for once the road to all her goals was the same.

Kneeling, attention, greeting, presentation and begging. She held the last position and looked plaintively at her owner. Her mouth was open, tongue displayed as she had been taught and she begged, with her eyes, with every part of her body. She knew that her performance was all that mattered but it couldn&#8217;t hurt to let Lauren know just how hard she had tried.

Katie almost slumped her shoulders in despair when Lauren walked past her and out of the room. She caught herself quickly, scolding herself at her stupidity. She was being tested still. A slave held a position until she was released, especially this one. She was begging to receive something that only her owner could decide if she deserved. All she had to do was wait, it was such a simple thing to do. Nothing should be easier than simply waiting in position.

Lauren leaned against the doorjamb, arms crossed casually. She smiled as she surveyed her property, sitting beautifully straight in the centre of the room. The sensual curves of the young girl were a sight to behold. Lauren found her eyes drawn to the two small dimples just above those firm buttocks. She loved those tiny indentations that seemed somehow to complement the smooth contours of the fleshy mounds below. She was a seductive little slut, even when she was sitting still.

The white cream oozing from her sex could easily be seen between her widespread legs. Even after all the time she had spent with Katie, Lauren was still amazed by the copious flow of cream from the young girl. The internet had let her know that it wasn&#8217;t all that rare, but Katie had to be at the far end of the scale. She could see a long droplet hanging from the slick lips and thought about the reward she had promised her slave.

She had been a good girl, there was no denying that, but a slave served because it was their nature. Receiving a reward shouldn&#8217;t be something Katie should start to expect just for good behaviour. She shouldn&#8217;t expect praise for simply doing as she should. She shouldn&#8217;t set a precedent now, but she had promised and that little cunt was so very hard to ignore. The idea of her lips on those glistening between the naked teen&#8217;s legs made her heart race. That decided it. Lauren strode forward quietly, padding softly like a predatory cat. She felt Katie stiffen slightly as she felt her presence and was impressed that she had not turned around. She leaned down and kissed each dimple, barely pressing her lips against the warm skin, but able to feel the gentle quivering of the flesh beneath. Lauren laid a hand on Katie&#8217;s hip and leaned in, her lips hovering by the delicate, pixie-like ear of her young charge.

Well pussywhistle, that fat little puss of yours looks pretty ripe. What should we do about it?
Um, could I Anything that you want Miss, replied Katie, thinking twice about her response, deciding her initial thought was selfish.
Oh, Kitty, you are being good, but I want to hear what you would like done.
Ah, please Miss, could I come please?
I want you to come, Kitty. It&#8217;s natural for you after all, always wanting to come. I can see that cunt of yours, I can smell the slut that you are. I want to know how want to come.
Um, Miss, could I, um, Katie hesitated. She knew what she wanted, she knew exactly what she wanted, and even though she had already let the cat out of the bag, she still worried that Lauren would think she was cheeky. She had asked and it was important for a slave to tell the truth so Miss, please could you eat my pussy?

Her eyes narrowed as she awaited her owner&#8217;s response. Her mouth had opened, resuming her begging position as she hoped Lauren would accept that she had told the truth and be flattered by her need. She wanted Lauren&#8217;s mouth on her, she wanted it but there was more than that. She needed it. She was lucky to be allowed to come, she knew that, but anything less than her lover&#8217;s mouth on her pussy, her tongue inside her, would leave her wanting. She couldn&#8217;t think of anything else. The thought had quickly become an obsession and it would not leave her.

Have you been a good girl?
Yes Miss, I really have, Katie replied plaintively.
You have Kitty, but I think you can just play with your pussy until you come.

Katie&#8217;s shoulders sagged imperceptibly and her bottom lip protruded in a pout too quick for her to prevent. The instant she noticed what she had done, she trapped the offending lip between her teeth and nibbled upon it nervously, hoping her owner had not seen. She didn&#8217;t have to think too hard to imagine how ungrateful and disrespectful she would have seemed and she did not want to anger Lauren now.

Just teasing little weasel, Lauren said, smiling widely. She had seen the young girl&#8217;s reaction, but she could not be mad. The little slut had looked so cute, the disappointment truly adorable. She would eat this little slut&#8217;s pussy and she would enjoy it almost as much. 

On your back, Lauren whispered into Katie&#8217;s ear, sending a shiver through the naked teen&#8217;s body. Lauren closed her mouth around the delicate lobe, sucking it into her mouth.

Katie&#8217;s body convulsed and she found herself on the floor. She had been unable to control her body, the sensation as Lauren nibbled her ear had been overwhelming. It had been almost like an orgasm, an uncontrollable feeling, as if her whole body had been tickled all at the same time. She looked up at Lauren and smiled, seeing her owner giggling down at her. 

Welly, welly, well. Get back up here, Lauren ordered, watching Katie scramble back into position, relishing what was to come. She leaned in once more and closed her lips gently around the tiny lobe of flesh. Katie pulled away, unable to stop her body from curling into a ball to escape the debilitating sensation. You are so gorgeous Kitty. Now down you go, puss time.

Katie lay down on her back, still amazed at what had just happened. She had never felt anything like that before, her ears had never been so sensitive. The slightest touch had left her weak and helpless and now Lauren knew it. She didn&#8217;t have long to contemplate her newfound weakness as her lover&#8217;s mouth was soon covering her wet pussy, transporting her into another world, one in which she was happy to lose herself for as long as her owner allowed. She grasped the leg of the coffee table with a frantic energy as her world burned with a passion she could not contain.

* * * * *

Katie kicked her legs lazily, engrossed in the comic that lay open on the bed before her. Lauren had chosen it for her and she was surprised at her own enjoyment. Comics had never been her thing, they were for geeks, but this Tank Girl was something she had never expected. She hadn&#8217;t known comics were like this. She lay on her belly on Lauren&#8217;s bed, legs drawn up behind her, the long black and red striped socks still reaching to her knees. She rested comfortably on her elbows, intent on the slim volume, the second she had been given. Lauren had styled her hair into two tight pigtails that she knew made her look awfully young, cute but young. 

After the orgasm that Lauren had given her, something she was sure she would never forget, she had been led upstairs. Lauren had spent ages playing with her hair, choosing a style and taking a picture that would all be added to the growing portfolio. Katie was sure that the next time she looked, Dressing Kitty would feature the hairstyle she was to wear for the day, something she was surprised to realise she did not mind. Her life was not her own anymore, she belonged to Lauren, it was no different than having every other aspect of her appearance chosen for her. She actually found it strangely comforting, something she accepted now, without thought.

Katie felt a gentle touch on her inner thigh and smiled languidly at the loving touch. You know better Kitty. Her legs slid apart slightly, knowing her owner was right. She stuck out her tongue cheekily and continued reading. 

I saw that, Lauren said, emphasising her point with a sharp slap to the bared buttock. Katie could hear the smile in her owner&#8217;s voice and giggled softly at being caught, though how Lauren had known she could not tell. I hope this hasn&#8217;t made you cheeky, said Lauren, pushing a finger against the young girl&#8217;s panty-clad mound. The thin material of the tiny black g-string, hugged the curve of her plump vulva, showing each full lip and the sensual split between. 
No Miss, smiled Katie, knowing her lover was only teasing. She longed to be touched and sighed quietly as Lauren obliged her, slowly running her fingers along the opened thighs, her touch feather-light and tantalising. 

Katie returned to her comic as Lauren settled back to read her own book, one hand reaching out to rest against her slave&#8217;s smooth thigh. The young girl felt her pussy pulse in response to the casual, yet intimate, caress and was reminded once again of what she was. Less than an hour ago her body had been wracked by an orgasm so intense she felt herself as a melting melange of sensation, as if her entire body had turned to liquid, heated by a passion so powerful she was in danger of losing hold on her identity. She had become nothing but the ecstasy she felt. She had screamed, she knew, and cringed a little at the memory. And yet here she was, ready again. Before too long she knew her pussy would begin to produce the cream that had quickly become a part of her everyday life.

Katie squirmed gently, enjoying the comforting feeling of her lover&#8217;s touch, though trying not to move too much, fearing to disturb her classmate. She was lost in the moment and silently begged for it never to end. The music Lauren had chosen filled the room, the long rambling melody making it feel as if time had slowed to the speed of the motes of dust swirling in the golden shafts of sunlight that penetrated the high window. She would be happy now, to freeze time, to live in this moment forever. Katie paused in her reading and willed it to happen. She felt a little foolish when time did not stop but she smiled, happy to have tried. 

Lauren traced the crease between buttock and thigh, her middle finger sliding absently back and forth, both girls enjoying the soft sensation. Katie settled back down to read the comic but was unable to stop thinking about her body. Her owner&#8217;s tender caress had awakened her body once more and she felt the delicate skin around her nipples tighten. The tiny buds pressed against the soft material of the bedspread and she imagined small fingers pinching them, rolling each pink tip with increasing pressure. Katie closed her eyes and breathed deeply, attempting to banish the erotic thoughts so she could focus on the crazy adventures of the foul-mouthed heroine. It was something she had to learn to deal with. Her thoughts were increasingly turning to the sensual, no matter where she was or how hard she fought against the inevitable tide.

Katie opened her eyes as she felt the smooth warmth of Lauren&#8217;s belly press into the small of her back, pert breasts pushed against the strong curve of her shoulders. She held her breath, waiting for her owner to declare her intentions. The widely spread legs were brought together, guided by the toned limbs of her owner as they closed around her. Katie squirmed beneath her lover&#8217;s weight, her body responding to the soft lips nibbling at her left ear, teasing the sensitive flesh with her tongue.

Lauren rolled off the panting schoolgirl, giggling uncontrollably. Katie&#8217;s body shuddered for the final time as she too joined in the laughter, rolling on to her side and daring to snatch a quick kiss from the girl to who she had given her life and her heart.

Outside timington, Lauren said between kisses. She teasingly squeezed one stiff nipple and jumped out of bed, leaving her slave breathing heavily, yearning for more. Grey skirt, black shirt and sneakers.

Katie obeyed, gathering the items and dressing distractedly. She giggled as she almost put her shirt on backwards, engrossed as she was in watching Lauren cover her own nudity. It felt as if it had been days since she had been properly clothed. She looked down her body, smoothing out the figure-hugging t-shirt, grateful for the dark colour. Her nipples were hard, though not as full as they could be, causing the tight material to tent slightly between her stiffened tips. 

Lauren left the room without a word but snapped her fingers as she disappeared around the door. Katie stopped worrying about her outfit, at least she was wearing panties this time, and hurried after her owner.

* * * * *

Katie looked around nervously. She had enjoyed the walk here along the elm-shadowed avenues, chatting with her owner about the weekend, her training, their schoolwork. Her pulse quickened each time her hand accidentally brushed her owner&#8217;s and she was sure that Lauren suspected, after the first few times, that it was no longer simply happening by chance. She longed to walk hand in hand with her owner, like any other lovers, but for now the fantasy was enough to make her happy. 

She had barely thought of the Frisbee that Lauren carried, but now they had reached the park, her apprehension began to grow. She had never thrown a Frisbee in her life and she was desperate not to look foolish in front of her owner. She had seen them of course, and even seen them thrown, but even that had not prepared her. Lauren&#8217;s Frisbee was merely a ring, not the disc she had expected. How was she supposed to throw that?

Lauren was also dressed for the occasion, having chosen small track shorts and a slim tee with a pretty floral pattern. Her outfit was far less suited for running in the park. The skirt Lauren had chosen for her wasn&#8217;t too short but she was only wearing the tiny black g-string underneath. She had been terribly conscious of the movement of her breasts as they had strolled to the park. The shirt she wore was tight but it was no substitute for a bra. 

She briefly glanced down her body, wishing for the hundredth time that her nipples would soften. The tight fabric was stretched between them, making each hard point even more prominent. She had seen the looks they had received as they walked: first to her, then to Lauren and then back to her, always. She knew the stiffened nubs that threatened to push through the material of her shirt were the reason. 

There were far more people in the park than she had expected. A number of couples had staked out their little patch of grass with tartan rugs, enjoying a lazy afternoon picnic, a family or two were sprawled out around the gazebo, children running wildly, and one large group of young guys was deeply engrossed in a competitive game of soccer. Katie was well aware of the attention they received as they made their way casually onto the smooth green grass. She focused on Lauren beside her, drawing strength from her comforting presence. She felt incredibly self-conscious as she felt the hungry eyes rove across her young body.

You go out there Kitty, said Lauren, indicating deeper into the park, towards the soccer players. Each one you catch, you get a kiss, Lauren explained, smiling as she saw Katie&#8217;s eyes light up at the prospect, but each one you drop earns a smack. 

That put things a little more in perspective and Katie&#8217;s nervous smile faltered. It was all up to her she guessed as she trotted out into the park, looking back to see how far her owner wanted her to go. 

Kitty?
Yes Miss, Katie replied hurrying back.
Couple of snips, Lauren giggled, reaching out to quickly pinch each prominent nipple. Out you go.

Katie&#8217;s face flushed with embarrassment. She glanced uneasily around the park, but could not tell if anyone had witnessed her owner playing with her body as if it were a toy. She had no say in how her body was used or what was done to it and it was at times like this that it was really driven home. All she could do was submit. The fact that she was sure her nipples stiffened just a little more at the touch, only made her status easier to accept, though the heat that blazed in her face and neck remained a constant frustration.

Katie jogged out into the park. Lauren held up a hand and the uneasy teen stopped and turned to face her, ready to catch the first throw. Well, attempt to catch, Katie qualified. Her ability was untested but she knew she was crap at sports. She would do her best, the reward that would await her was so tempting, but she just assumed she would have a rather red bottom at the end of all the fun.

She watched Lauren like a hawk as the pretty young girl pulled back her arm and spun the plastic ring through the air. Her eyes never left the bright orange object as it flew unerringly towards her. Hands flew high but her timing was off and the Frisbee hit her in the stomach. Katie blushed as she bent to retrieve the fallen ring, glancing toward her owner as she did so. Lauren&#8217;s left eyebrow was raised in question, something Katie had expected, but her embarrassment deepened nonetheless.

She picked up the Frisbee and prepared to return it. This was the moment of truth. All she had to do was copy exactly what Lauren had done. Hold the plastic ring just so, stretch her arm across her body and release. 

Katie&#8217;s heart sank as the plastic ring flew all of four feet in what could only be described as a chaotic wobble. She wasn&#8217;t sure if anyone had ever died of embarrassment but the way her heart beat so frantically made her think that maybe she was about to find out. Her cheeks burned as if she had been slapped and she refused to look at any of the parks other patrons, including her owner. She couldn&#8217;t bear to face Lauren&#8217;s look of disappointment.

The Frisbee once again firmly in her grasp, she tried again. She died a little more as the orange ring once again wobbled to the ground mere feet away. It actually rolled further than it travelled in the air. She was useless. Lauren must think she was complete waste of time. She wanted to impress her owner but she knew she had done the exact opposite. She was so stupid. Tiny tears formed in her eyes as she chastised herself for such an epic failure.

Katie heard a short, sharp whistle and looked up. Lauren whistled again and patted her thigh, calling her in. The young girl felt her chest tighten but obeyed, jogging back forlornly to her owner. The gentle bounce of her firm breasts beneath the thin tee wasn&#8217;t even enough to distract her from the disapproval she imagined radiating from her classmate. She planted herself in front of Lauren and stood quietly, staring at her lover&#8217;s feet.

Kitty, we both know that was horrible. Have you never thrown a Frisbee?
No Miss.
Don&#8217;t you have a brother?
Yes Miss, but we um we never really did stuff together.
OK then pussywhistle, don&#8217;t worry, Lauren said softly, lifting Katie&#8217;s chin, it&#8217;ll just be another part of your training.

Katie looked into her lover&#8217;s eyes, her gaze held by the impossibly pale blue orbs that peered deep inside her. She sniffed and tried to fight back the tears, happy and amazed, that her owner was so understanding. She wasn&#8217;t disappointed. She didn&#8217;t think she was useless. She only wanted to help her, to teach her. She felt her love for this young girl like a great wave, an oceanic force crashing upon her, raising her up and bearing her down at the same time. 

Come stand over here. Now watch, Lauren explained as she showed her young charge, slowly and carefully how to throw a Frisbee. Katie watched intently, focusing with a single-minded fervour on learning the simple activity that five year olds had mastered. Then at the very last, you flick your wrist, that&#8217;s what gives it the spin, which makes it fly fast and straight. See.

Lauren let the Frisbee fly, sending it across the park, thirty, almost forty yards. Katie did see. She understood the principle, she had not flicked her wrist, no doubt the reason why her attempts had been so abysmal.

Fetch.

Katie looked at her owner very briefly, before jogging out after the Frisbee. She knew what Lauren was doing. Even so, the soft pulse between her legs surprised her. She felt it flow up into her belly and continue into her chest, flushing her stiffened nipples with a sensation that warmed her entire body. Was this wrong, to feel this way? She belonged to Lauren, yes, but this was different. This was she was, well she was Lauren&#8217;s pet she guessed. She was her slave, her toy, her pet, or anything else she wanted. And she loved her.

Good girl, Lauren said as Katie handed over the Frisbee. Watch once more, fetch.

Katie watched the Frisbee fly across the park, this time travelling much further. She ran after the orange ring, aware now of the people watching. One young couple had forgotten their books and were watching Katie fetch the Frisbee for her owner. She tried to ignore them, but the movement of her breasts, the hard tips brushing against her shirt with each step and the soft swish of her skirt as she ran, the musical tinkling of her anklet, all made her ever conscious of the picture of sensual submission she portrayed. If Lauren had walked her here on a leash the picture would have been perfect. The thought sent a thrill up her spine and she hugged the Frisbee to her chest as she ran dutifully back to her owner.

Ok Kitty, now out you go and we&#8217;ll try it again. And Kitty?
Yes Miss?
You look so cute. Everyone agrees, you have quite the audience.

Katie blushed again, the heat in her cheeks refreshing, knowing that Lauren spoke the truth. She saw the constant glances as she jogged back out into the park. The soccer game must have been badly affected by her presence, half the guys had simply turned to look at her, not even disguising their interest. She tried to ignore them, as her focus needed to be on her owner and the Frisbee that would be coming her way. Kisses and smacks were riding on her performance, she couldn&#8217;t afford to let her self-consciousness get in the way.

The first throw came at her, hard and fast, but she was ready and managed, after a brief fumble, to hold on to the Frisbee. The swell of triumph she felt at this minor victory amazed her but she enjoyed every fleeting second. She was immediately nervous, as her turn to throw had now arrived. There was a lot more riding on this now. This was not simply her ineptitude on display, Lauren had trained her and failure now would mean a lot more.

Katie gripped the plastic ring, biting her lip in concentration. She drew back and let fly, flicking her wrist as she had been taught. The Frisbee flew towards Lauren, wobbly and to the right, but she had done it. Katie smiled joyously and clapped her hands excitedly as she watched Lauren run to catch the spinning ring Her throw was too weak and did not carry, falling to the ground well short. It had been a poor throw, but it was a massive improvement, due to her owner&#8217;s instruction. 

This time Lauren&#8217;s throw was wide, sending Katie scurrying after the orange Frisbee, desperate to reach it before it touched the ground. She ran as fast as she could, aware of her skirt flashing high on her thighs, but she was just short. One smack, one kiss. She would need to do better.

With each return she got better and better, sending the Frisbee closer and closer to her target. Katie knew that her owner had almost complete control over the ring and knew that she was set running first to the right and then the left. Lauren was making her work, sending her after the Frisbee, each throw just a little further apart. Katie knew she was being exercised and as much as she wanted to feel ok with it, something deep inside her fought against the acceptance. 

The young girl was aware of the scrutiny she was under, unable to stop glancing at the people in the park, watching her every move. The guys were enjoying the show immensely, her unsupported breasts bouncing as she chased the Frisbee, her skirt swishing wildly as she ran. Katie was sure that her buttocks could be glimpsed each time she stretched for the Frisbee. There was nothing she could do but continue the game. 

She heard the whistle and saw Lauren pat her thigh once more, calling her to heel. Katie hurried in to stand breathlessly before her owner. Lauren had kept her moving the entire time and she felt as if she had just run her morning circuit. 

Good girl, Kitty. Now how many kisses did you earn?
Um seven Miss.
And how many smacks?
Eleven, Katie replied a little despondently.
Tell you what pussywhistle. We could always take the kisses away from the smacks. That would leave you with just four.
Please Miss, may I have the smacks, Katie asked sheepishly, nibbling her lip once finished.
Adorable. Of course we can. Shall we do the smacks on that bench over there?

Katie&#8217;s heart almost stopped. She looked at the bench Lauren indicated, eyes wide in apprehension. Lauren wasn&#8217;t serious. She couldn&#8217;t be. Katie looked at her owner, desperate to see that wicked grin twist her lover&#8217;s soft lips. She let out the breath she had been holding with an audible sigh. Her prayers were answered, Lauren was smirking crazily, eyes sparkling with mischief.

Miss! Katie exclaimed, relieved but still affected by the remnant of the fear that had gripped her.
Ah Kitty, you are just the cutest thing ever. Those pretty little nips are still hard I see. Come here for a couple of snips. I just can&#8217;t resist.

Katie looked nervously around the park before stepping gingerly forward. The snips didn&#8217;t really hurt, her reticence came from the casual use of her body, especially in a public place. Lauren seemed to delight in using her this way, the quick pinching motion lasted only a second, but it was something over which she had no control, and something that highlighted the fact that the evidence of her arousal was clear for all to see.

Lauren snapped her fingers behind her as she headed to the drinking fountain, signalling to her pet to follow. Katie bounced along behind her owner like an obedient puppy, eager to be led to refreshment after her exercise. She thought again of the leash that had been attached to her collar and felt the familiar tightening in her belly. This was really who she was. She really needed no more evidence than her body supplied.

Hold my hair Kitty.

Katie gently gathered Lauren&#8217;s wavy brown locks and waited patiently while her owner drank her fill. The splashing of the water made her acutely aware of how dry her own mouth was. Not only that but she needed to pee, a sensation that increased by the second as the trickling liquid continued to fall. 

Drink.
Thank you Miss.
Hands behind your back Kitty, that&#8217;s a good girl.

Katie obeyed, trying not to think of what the people she knew were watching would think. Lauren kept the water flowing, allowing her to drink freely. She was glad for the chance to quench her thirst but she was soon sated and straightened up, ready to thank her owner.

No Kitty. You drink until I tell you to stop. Don&#8217;t start being naughty now.

Katie blushed at the scolding and bent once again to the fountain and began to drink. Each small mouthful made her feel more and more full, increasing the pressure on her bladder. By the time Lauren allowed her to finish she felt as if she was ready to burst. The first thing she would do when they got home was ask permission to pee. 

Okay my little slut, I guess it&#8217;s time we should be heading back. You hurry on ahead. When I return you are to have a cold drink of water ready for me. Refill your bottle with cold water too.
Yes Miss, Katie said preparing to head to the house as fast as she could. 
And Kitty, I don&#8217;t have to remind you that position is important do I?
No Miss, the submissive schoolgirl replied sincerely.
Off you go then pussywhistle.

Lauren smiled as Katie ran through the park, eager to fulfil her task. She was such a gorgeous little thing, and she belonged to her. She had fantasised and planned for so long about this very situation, but her imagination still had not been able to prepare her for the reality of owning a slave. A shiver ran down her spine as she caught a glimpse of the pink mounds of the young girl&#8217;s bottom as she ran, the soft grey skirt providing the briefest tease of what lay beneath. She would enjoy turning those pink mounds red when she finally joined her slut.

* * * * *

Katie straightened her back and widened her knees when she heard the muted sounds of a key in the door. She was kneeling in the hallway only feet from the front door. The frantic sprint to the house and the manic scurry to prepare everything Lauren had commanded had kept her mind occupied, but the moment she had slowed down, removing her clothes and folding them neatly, the driving urge to pee came back with full force.

It was all she could do not to squirm as she knelt in position, awaiting her owner. Kneeling like this, legs so widely spread, only exacerbated the yearning she felt. Lauren could not be long, the park was only a few blocks away, but the wait, pressure building second by second, was interminable. Relief was at hand, and Katie could not help but smile when she saw her lover step through the door.

The moment the door was closed Katie moved forward and kissed each foot, with a delicate tenderness. Her greeting performed, she rested back on her heels, checking her position, lifting her chin slightly. She looked up at Lauren, basking in the radiant warmth of her owner&#8217;s smile. Her love for this girl, who had such a hold on her, swelled in her chest. Katie&#8217;s breath caught in her throat and she forced herself to breathe deep and slow.

Come, ordered Lauren as she headed into the lounge. No Kitty, on your knees. Lauren reached down and gathered Katie&#8217;s hair, pulling viciously on the pigtails collected in her right hand. Now Kitty, you stay close to the ground. Get right down there where you belong. Kitty, I said down. Now come.

Lauren maintained a constant pressure on her pigtails, pulling her upwards forcing Katie to fight against her owner&#8217;s strength. She tried to keep her body low to the ground as she crawled into the lounge, pulling constantly against her lover. Katie was hurting herself, forcing her body to the floor, desperate to obey the command. 

Katie was glad when they reached the lounge and Lauren relinquished her tight hold. She could still feel the strain in her scalp long after Lauren had let go. She hadn&#8217;t expected that treatment, not after Lauren had smiled so sweetly at her. It was a reminder that she couldn&#8217;t just take something for granted. No matter what she had done, or how good she had been, her behaviour in the present was always the most important thing.

But she needed to pee. She could barely think of anything else now. She simply could not hold it in any longer. Katie was just about to open her mouth when she remembered her lessons. The naked teenager rose up on her knees, lifted her hands and opened her mouth. This was the way a slave asked for something. They didn&#8217;t ask she supposed, the position was called beg and Katie guessed it was more appropriate. She could only hope that Lauren did not wait too long to acknowledge her.

Hmmm?
Um Miss, may I pee please?
Remove my shoes and put them away. Then get back in those pretty socks. Then you may pee.
Thank you Miss.

Katie leaned forward and gently removed her owner&#8217;s shoes. She kissed each bared foot, conscious that she had not been ordered to do so but sensing the rightness of the submissive act. She rose gracefully to her feet and walked slowly from the room. She wanted to run up the stairs as fast as she could but she sensed that would have not only looked, but felt wrong. She was sure Lauren would not have appreciated it.

She hurriedly pulled the socks up her legs and ran to the bathroom to relieve the terrible pressure in her belly. The pleasure that washed over her as she emptied her bladder, soothed her jangled nerves. She couldn&#8217;t read Lauren&#8217;s mood and she worried that she had done something wrong. She tried to think over her behaviour but couldn&#8217;t see how she could have made Lauren mad. Maybe she wasn&#8217;t mad. Maybe it was just her way, the way a slave was treated. Maybe all she needed to do was accept it, go with the flow. Katie grinned inanely at the unintended pun and quickly finished in the bathroom.

Lauren was punching the last few digits of a number into her phone when Katie entered the lounge, immediately kneeling by her owner&#8217;s knee. She settled down comfortably, ready to obey now that her distraction had been tended to.

Over my knee. Count for me, Kitty. We wouldn&#8217;t want to lose our place.
No Miss, Katie replied, her voice trembling. She had received worse than this, the cane was far more painful than Lauren&#8217;s hand, but it was the intimacy of the punishment she was to receive that caused her to worry.
Hey Mom, sorry I missed your call. Yeah, we were at the park.

Katie lay over Lauren&#8217;s knees, her bare bottom high in the air, listening to the conversation. She could just make out Lauren&#8217;s mother, her voice faint and tinny. She determined not to listen, it was rude and she knew it was not her place. She had just finished settling in a little more comfortably when pain exploded in her right buttock. Katie opened her mouth in surprise, a high-pitched yelp escaping before she could stop it. She hadn&#8217;t expected Lauren to begin while she was on the phone.

Hey, oh that was just Kitty being silly. Yeah if you want. Katie looked up at her owner as the phone was thrust against her ear. We will have to do that one again Kitty, I know you can count past one.

Hi Mrs Harper, Katie managed before Lauren&#8217;s hand smacked against her bottom once more. One. Oh nothing, Mrs Harper. Yes, thank you. No, two. No, not no too. Just no.

Lauren brought her hand down a third time, smiling as the soft mounds undulated under the force of her hand. Katie was having a hard time of it and she was intrigued to see just how she was going to manage to end this conversation without her mother thinking she was an idiot. Her answer came when the young girl continued to talk, ignoring the count. 

Katie had a pleasant conversation with Mrs Harper, doing her best to focus on the words and not the steady rhythm of the spanking she was receiving. She couldn&#8217;t keep blurting out numbers, the conversation would have been never-ending. As it was she tried everything she could to wrap things up. Why was Lauren&#8217;s mother so interested in what she had to say?

Yes Mrs Harper, I&#8217;m sure it was lovely. Yep, Katie grunted as Lauren brought her hand down as hard as she could on the unprotected bottom, both cheeks already turning a solid red from the repeated blows. No just, no it&#8217;s nothing. 

Katie was becoming exasperated with every tiny noise she made being questioned. She needed to end this now. 

That&#8217;s great Mrs Harper. Would you like to speak to Lauren now? I&#8217;ll put her on.

Katie grunted as Lauren removed the phone from her ear and slammed her open palm across her blazing behind. Now she could start counting again.

Three.
Hang on Mom. No Kitty, we started again. Count properly.
One.
No Kitty, you got it wrong. Count properly or I&#8217;ll stop using my hand.

Katie waited quietly, tears of frustration welling in her eyes. This wasn&#8217;t fair. Holy shit, was she back to this crap now. Was that all it took for her to forget her place? Fucking fair. Calm down, start again. Behave.

One.

Katie calmly counted each spank, breathing slowly through clenched teeth. Her bottom was awash with pain, the sharp snap of each fresh smack quickly fading to join the dull throb of pain that now filled her bottom. 

Yeah she&#8217;s still here. No Mom. Yes Mom. Listen Mom, she just likes to count ok. Wow, obsess much.

Katie cringed at the knowledge that Mrs Harper could still hear her counting. She was at eight now and she couldn&#8217;t afford to make a mistake. She hadn&#8217;t a clue how many hits she had taken during her own conversation but her buttocks blazed with the pain of her extended spanking. 

Ok, see ya. Now what were we up to pussywhistle?
Eight Miss, Katie replied meekly, finally able to see an end to her correction.
My parents are about 20 minutes away so we&#8217;d better finish this up.
Nine, ten, eleven.
Ok Kitty, clean-up time, Lauren stated as she pushed the naked schoolgirl from her lap. Start with this room, then the kitchen, bathroom and then my room. Everything neat and tidy, toys away then you need to pack your bag. Mom and Dad will drop you home. Oh and Kitty, added Lauren, calling the young girl back with a curled finger. First kiss.

Katie received the tender kiss, welcoming the slippery tongue inside her. The pleasure of the kiss warred with the pain in her ass making it almost impossible for the young girl to know which to focus upon. It was over all too quickly and she was left with only with the memory of the kiss but the pulse of pain in her abused buttocks was still fresh. 

Taking the end of her first reward kiss as a dismissal, Katie hurried to clean the lounge. There was little to do here but tidy up the cushions, that and putting away the dildo that had filled her pussy as she serviced her owner. It had been left under the coffee table, her drying cream causing hairs and fibres to stick to its veined girth.

How could she have just left it there, forgotten? What would have happened if Lauren&#8217;s parents had come home early? The thought filled her with terror, her palms suddenly sweating as she thought of the repercussions of such a discovery. Thankfully she didn&#8217;t have too long to spend on such disturbing thoughts. She had to hurry. She was naked and she knew Lauren would not clothe her until her task was complete. If she didn&#8217;t finish, she knew what would happen.

The frantic teen snatched up the dirty dildo and hurried upstairs to the bathroom. There was no way she was going to clean it with her mouth, something she should have done as soon as she had finished with it. She washed it with soap and left it to dry on the counter. She wouldn&#8217;t forget it, she still had the bathroom to clean.

As she cleared the kitchen, tidying all the plates and wiping the benches, she never once forgot about the dildo on the bathroom counter. She could see the shining shaft, leaning against the wall, no matter what she did. It was still there waiting for her when she hurried back upstairs. The bathroom was tidy in a matter of moments and as she cleaned, Katie wondered what her owner was doing. 

She had only to go next door to have her question answered. Lauren lay back on her bed absently playing with her phone. Katie looked at her briefly before replacing the dildo in the bottom draw with the rest of the toys her owner had collected. Next was packing her bag. It did not take long. She could suddenly see the value of always folding her clothing neatly when it was removed. 

The sundress she had worn to lacrosse practice was laid out on the bed and Katie looked to Lauren for permission before she removed the black and white socks. She knew they would not go with the dress but had been a good girl, waiting for approval before she acted. Her bottom throbbed without pause and she thought back to the glimpse she had caught in the bathroom mirror. 

The centre of each buttock was a bright red, the colour fading toward the edges of each pale mound. She had even been able to make out individual prints at the very edge. She hadn&#8217;t been spanked liked this before. She wondered how long it would take for the marks to fade. She knew they would, but the bright patterning would stay with her for a day at least.

Ah Kitty, you forgot something.
Thank you Miss, Katie said as she took the baby bottle that Lauren held to her. She had forgotten it but it was something she would not have been sad to leave behind. She packed it into her bag, trying not to think of how she would use it once she was home.
Sandals on Kitty. Finished tidying up?
Um, yes Miss.
Well it looks like we have a little time to spare. What better way to spend it than with your favourite pastime.

Katie watched, her sex tingling as Lauren removed her shorts. The tight pink slit filled her vision and she sank obediently to her knees, her mouth covering the moist cleft in seconds. Katie tried to keep an ear out for Lauren&#8217;s parents, for the sound of a car or the slam of a door, but the eager teen soon lost herself in the pleasure of her owner&#8217;s pussy.
She had all but forgotten the imminent arrival of the adults when Lauren pulled her head away and ordered her to dress. With the taste of her owner&#8217;s arousal still fresh on her lips, the young girl hurriedly slipped the yellow dress over her head. She heard movement downstairs and looked to Lauren for guidance. Her lover was dressed and already moving out the door, dragging Katie along by the hand. 

Hi girls.
Hi Mom.
Hi Mrs Harper.
Mom if you can take Kitty home now, I can start dinner and you can take your time unpacking.
That sounds fine. Your father&#8217;s still out at the car, so I guess let&#8217;s go.
She just needs to get her bag.
Right you are.
Don&#8217;t dawdle Kitty.

Katie was up and down the stairs in no time, her mind a whirl of stray thoughts. Lauren met her at the bottom of the stairs and stopped her with a gentle push against her breast. 

I&#8217;m not going with you Kitty, so this is farewell for now. You&#8217;re going to be a good girl for me aren&#8217;t you?
Yes Miss, Katie replied, finally realising what this meant. She was leaving, parting from her owner for who knew how long. She would see her at school but it wasn&#8217;t the same. Why was Lauren in such a hurry for her to go? She could feel her eyes moisten and bit her lip to fight back the tears. She couldn&#8217;t cry now. Lauren took the trembling teens face in her hands and stared deeply into her eyes. 
You have three more kisses Kitty, but I think we&#8217;ll save those for another time. How&#8217;s that pussy of mine?
Wet Miss, Katie whispered, worried about keeping Lauren&#8217;s parents waiting but unwilling to leave her owner&#8217;s side until she was forced to.
Show me quickly.

Her hand dipped under her dress and sought the cream she knew waited there. Her fingers came away sticky and she dutifully showed them to her owner.

Clean. Now remember what you are. Off you go my little sex kitten. Don&#8217;t forget that cam goes on the moment you get home.

Lauren patted her slave gently on the bottom, smiling as the petite body squirmed under the touch, the reddened mounds still tender from her spanking. Katie knew she was dismissed but she didn&#8217;t want to leave. Why couldn&#8217;t she stay here with her lover? It wasn&#8217;t fair that they had to be apart. This was one time that she would not chastise herself for using the F word. 

Lauren smacked her hesitant girl more forcefully, satisfied with the quiet grunt that came from the still teen. Katie could delay it no longer. She had been given an order, it wasn&#8217;t up to her now. She had to go. She had to leave Lauren. She looked pleadingly at her owner but knew it was useless to. 

With one last, forlorn look, Katie marched slowly out to the waiting car. She felt wrong. She was supposed to be with her owner. She belonged to her. She belonged with her. But she had no choice. She sat down in the backseat, conscious of the tears that continued to threaten. Her tears weren&#8217;t the only moisture on her face. She could still taste Lauren&#8217;s juice and knew that her chin still showed the evidence. It was drying but it was there. 

The Harpers didn&#8217;t know anything was wrong. They didn&#8217;t know she was on the verge of losing it or that she had their daughter&#8217;s sexual discharge on her face. They did not know and Katie vowed to keep it that way. She put on a brave face and prepared for the journey home. 

* * * * *

Katie?

Her shoulders slumped in defeat at her mother&#8217;s voice. She had hoped to slip past and make it to her room but instead trotted back down the stairs and into the kitchen. She just wanted to be alone now. Adults just didn&#8217;t understand.

Hey, did you miss me?
Um, Katie hesitated.
Oh, I only brought you into this world, raised you from a baby, changed your diapers, fed and clothed you and you didn&#8217;t even miss me!
Don&#8217;t be such a goon Mom.
Oh and I&#8217;m a goon now.

Katie couldn&#8217;t help but smile at the feigned indignance on her mother&#8217;s face. 

Well did you have fun?
Yeah.
Wow, it really sounds like it, her father chimed in with his usual laconic style. What&#8217;s that tinkling?
Um, oh it&#8217;s an anklet.
Katie, that is lovely.
You mispronounced annoying, Emma.
Greg!
Oh yes, it&#8217;s lovely, her father agreed, rolling his eyes.

Katie felt her heart swell as her parents laughed together, seeing their love and really sensing the deep connection for the first time. This was how she felt about Lauren. Maybe they would understand, but it didn&#8217;t matter. There was no way she was going to let her secret out. She hadn&#8217;t even told Lauren. The thought made her chest tighten and she knew she couldn&#8217;t hold back the tears any longer. Katie excused herself and ran up the stairs to her bedroom. 

The night passed in a haze. She had sat in front of her computer, staring at the empty chat log, pleading to see something, anything, appear. She had finally given up and slunk into bed, willing herself to sleep. She would see Lauren tomorrow and she tried everything she could to hasten the coming day. And yet still she lay awake, her mind a swirling confusion with the image of her owner as the only solid feature in the chaotic landscape.

Her entire body was suffused with the love she felt for the slim girl who controlled her world. She was her world now. Every thought she had brought her to Lauren, with every breath she took her love for her owner deepened, but it was a love with claws. 

Katie curled her body upon itself, alone in a bed that felt far too large. She missed Lauren, the outline of her back, the soft, warmth of her breath on her neck. Was this what love was like? Why did she have to feel this way? She didn&#8217;t know what to do, how to feel, how to cease the pain. She thought of Lauren, her cheeky smile, her tender caress and burrowed into her pillow, crying a little in the dark.










Chapter 19. Teenage Rebel of the Week

Katie nibbled her lip and looked furtively around the classroom. No one else had heard the muted chittering of vibration from her bag. The sudden tension relieved just a little but she couldn&#8217;t relax. It had to be Lauren. No one else would be texting her during class. She looked nervously to the front of the room. Mr Marinov was still writing on the board, she had time for a quick peek. 

Katie was desperate to read the message. Her first day back at school had passed in a grey daze, devoid of memory &#8211; the Monday that never was. She knew she was silly, but the weekend had been so wonderful, so beautiful and surreal that she felt as if she had been on holiday in a foreign land, just her and her lover. And then nothing. She had not spoken to Lauren at all and had caught only the smallest glimpses of the pretty teen. Her heart pounded, threatening to buckle under the pressure of emotion, each time she had seen her owner. Absence could fuck right off. Katie wanted Lauren with a desperate, almost frenzied need.

Her phone was in her hand before she even remembered moving. &#8216;Library, lunch. I owe you one.&#8217; Katie&#8217;s hand tightened around the phone and she almost squealed with excitement at the promise in the message. She knew what her owner meant and the thought of the library, their place, had made her belly buzz with excitement.

That looks interesting Ms Thomas, care to share with the class.

Katie thrust the phone into her lap, knowing as she did so that it was far too late. She looked at the teacher slowly walking towards her between the long rows of desks. She was trapped and the fear was evident on her startled face. Her eyes darted frantically around the room but there was nothing she could do.

Well Ms Thomas? Hand it over. 

Katie&#8217;s brain finally kicked into gear and she hurriedly locked the phone. Even once her secret was secure she couldn&#8217;t bring herself to simply relinquish her only connection with her owner. It was as if she held a little part of Lauren and she could not part with it, not now, not to this teacher.

You have already earned yourself a detention young lady. It&#8217;s no skin off my nose if you would like that tally to double.

The mention of detention and what that would mean hit her like a physical blow. Reluctantly she handed her phone into the teacher&#8217;s waiting hand. She looked one last time at the screen, suddenly terrified that she hadn&#8217;t locked it properly, but it had gone dark. What if she had made a mistake? What if Mr Marinov saw what was on there? The video she had shot with Karen Henderson&#8217;s pen was still on there.

You can have it back at the end of the day. For the disrespect you can make your way to the lectern for the duration.

Katie paled at her teacher&#8217;s words. Detention was bad. She didn&#8217;t know how she was going to explain it to Lauren. Having her phone confiscated was worse, what if her owner contacted her again, she would have no idea what she might miss. But she dreaded going to the lectern. Mr Marinov was well known for his classroom discipline but she had never even come close to experiencing it. 

Now, snapped the teacher, voice raised ever so slightly. 

Katie jumped from her seat, grabbed her notebook and pen and walked the march of the condemned to the front of the class. The lectern was used for debates but during class, Mr Marinov placed it at the front of the room, turned towards the board. Katie stared at the wooden stand, reticent to finish her approach for she knew what it would mean. 

At the start of the semester Eva had been made to stand at the lectern and she had seen the way the boys had looked at her. She had been wearing jeans and some boring shirt and still they had leered. Katie knew what would happen to her. Lauren had chosen her outfit for its sexiness, as had become the norm since Dressing Kitty had been started. 

The short skirt showed off her beautifully pale legs and the blouse she wore was even more alluring despite it covering her completely. The stiff white material was pulled tightly across her chest, just a hint of bra able to be seen if she stood just the right way. She couldn&#8217;t be accused of showing off, seeing that every single button was closed, but it was this very modesty that made the outfit so tantalising.

Katie placed her notebook on the top of the platform with trembling hands. The classroom was anything but quiet but she couldn&#8217;t make out anything specific amongst the oceanic hiss of whispers that filled the room. 

Now as I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted

Katie barely heard anything else the teacher said. Her ears were burning but they weren&#8217;t the only part of her body afflicted with the feverish heat. Her face blazed with shame and she was glad that no one but the teacher could see. It was some kind of silver lining she guessed. The nervous schoolgirl dutifully copied down everything from the board but none of it really made any sense.

It was more important for her to make sense of the furious whispering from the class. She strained to make out individual words but was frustrated time and again. She was desperate to hear what was being said but at the same time she was afraid to have her fears confirmed. 

Katie&#8217;s legs trembled as she felt something on the back of her knees.&nbsp; The touch was so light that she was sure she was imagining it. The sensation did not stop, instead travelling up her legs and across the exposed skin of her thighs. It was like the gentle caress of a soft breeze, barely felt but too real to ignore. What if it was a fly? It was a dildo day and her pussy had been liberally smeared with cream when she had slipped the small red panties over her plump mound before school. What if the fly had been attracted to her scent and was slowly making its way up her skirt? She shuddered again, muscles rippling as she instinctively tried to dislodge the imagined fly. 

ass.

Finally Katie had heard something that had been said and she sincerely wished she hadn&#8217;t. She was pretty sure that was Todd, who if she remembered correctly, would be sat almost directly behind her. If she had heard it, who else had? She knew what had happened, how the gentle movement of her legs had made her thighs ripple and her ass quiver beneath her skirt.

She was sure she could start a fire with her cheeks as she thought about the entire class staring at her. She stepped her feet together, slowly and as gently as she could, trying to draw the least amount of attention possible. She didn&#8217;t know if there had really been any fly or if it had been something else, or even just her imagination. What she did know was that she needed to protect her pussy from anything in the room, real or imagined. If someone saw a fly crawl up her skirt the thought didn&#8217;t bear completing.

Katie was oblivious to the reaction of her shift in position. Her pale, slim legs were now pressed together, from ankle to thigh and they provided a most alluring sight. The room had quieted for a reason and it had nothing to do with the content of the lesson. The eyes of every boy were locked on the young girl&#8217;s body, devouring the luscious sight without remorse. It was not often they had the chance to stare, repercussion free, at such a sight. The girls tried studiously to reject the sensual schoolgirl stood in their midst, and equally ignored the boys&#8217; reaction. The label of &#8216;slut&#8217; reverberated around the room in a silent condemnation that would have brought tears to the young girl&#8217;s eyes if she was only to apprehend it.

Katie glanced at the clock, shoulders slumping when she realised there was still 20 minutes of class to go. She noticed, suddenly, that the room had quieted, the only sound the drone of the teacher as he continued with the class, as if Katie&#8217;s new position meant nothing. She felt thoroughly humiliated, degraded by being placed at the front of the class as if she was on show. She knew it was meant to embarrass, which did not seem to work on the boys, but for her it was something much more.

Mr Marinov couldn&#8217;t know. Maybe the only one who could was Eva, but even then she wasn&#8217;t sure. Why had she checked her phone? It had been stupid, so fucking stupid. She couldn&#8217;t blame Mr Marinov for her current predicament. It was no-one&#8217;s fault but hers. Katie thought of Lauren and how she would react to the news of her detention.

Her owner would not be happy. Her routine would be thrown into chaos. She had been doing so well too. She hadn&#8217;t had to make up even one minute yesterday or this morning. She had been well on her way to earning permission to have Miranda as a friend and now she was sure that hope was dashed. And then there was the reward that Lauren had promised her at lunch, one of her remaining kisses.

She imagined meeting Lauren in the library, secreting themselves away in the back of ancient history and kissing passionately. She could almost feel the soft lips of her owner, her slippery tongue as it slid inside her mouth and battled with her own in a sensual war for domination, a war she was happy to lose.

Katie was jolted back to reality by a whispered exclamation from behind. She froze, fear etched on every line of her stricken face. She didn&#8217;t need to look down to know what she had done. Her nipples had begun to harden, though through her bra and blouse they would be hard to see, impossible for the class, but she had parted her legs, shuffling her feet apart instinctively as her erotic daydream had unfolded. 

She gripped the side of the lectern, feeling the rough woodgrain beneath her whitening fingers, and daintily stepped her feet together, desperate to repair the damage her innate sensuality had caused. She didn&#8217;t think that was possible but it was a thought she did her best to banish. 

Katie focused on the lesson at hand, hoping it would prevent a repeat of her waking fantasy. Being a slut was problematic at times. She revelled in the knowledge when she was with her owner, embracing the uncontrollable sensations that plagued her, but here in class they were nothing but a liability, something to be curbed at all costs. She was doing a very poor job, however.

Katie froze again. The tickling sensation on the back of her thighs was back. This time she was sure it wasn&#8217;t a fly. She tried to ignore it, but as the minutes ticked by the frustration grew to an unbearable level. She couldn&#8217;t ignore it for much longer. She tried to tell herself there was nothing there, but each moment she thought of the annoying itch the worse it became. 

Her pen slipped in her sweat-slick hand and almost rolled to the floor. She breathed an audible sigh of relief as she caught the rolling cylinder before it reached the edge of the lectern. She couldn&#8217;t take it any longer. If she felt that maddening tickle one second longer she would scream like a lunatic. The muscles in her legs rippled as she rubbed her knees back and forth, attempting to remove the sensation that haunted her. She knew what it meant, what reaction it would cause, but what choice did she have?

She had to have another because it did not work. The anxious schoolgirl clenched her teeth, knowing what she had to do. Katie took a deep breath, reached delicately behind her and rubbed the back of her thigh. She knew the hem of her skirt had crept just a little higher as her forearm brushed it aside but the frustrating itch disappeared immediately.

She had only just straightened up when the bell rang. Katie closed her eyes in exasperation at her stupidity. If she had only waited a few seconds she could have avoided any further embarrassment. She heard the sudden chaos of activity behind her and closed her own notebook and started to head back to her seat.

Remain where you are Ms Thomas. Chapters 11 and 12 by next period people.

The nervous teen&#8217;s pulse quickened at the teacher&#8217;s command. How could her ordeal not be over? All she wanted was to be out from behind this damn lectern and out of this class. Lauren would be waiting in the library for her. If she was late to her rendezvous, on top of everything else, she wouldn&#8217;t know what to do.

Katie peeked at her classmates as they left, seeking understanding where she knew there would be none. She was sure that no one would even know what she had gone through. Her breath caught when she saw that every single boy that left the room had his bag held in front instead of draped casually across their shoulders as was the norm. She wasn&#8217;t such an innocent not to realise what it meant. She spun back round to the front of the room, cheeks blazing with fresh shame, determined not to look until the room was empty.

What has gotten into you of late Katie?
Um nothing Sir, the young girl answered meekly as she stared at the small black buttons on his shirt, unwilling to meet the tall man&#8217;s eye. She cursed her thoughts as a different response sprang to mind, one involving fingers, tongues and other things.
You were never the best student, but at least you weren&#8217;t a disruption. Collect your things and come to my desk.

Katie hurried to her desk and threw her books in her bag. It felt good to be moving again after so long standing still. She could have moved as much as she liked, she knew that, but she also knew that it would simply attract more attention and she had already been able to feel the scrutiny of the class as if it was a tangible force pushing against her back.

The schoolgirl trotted to the front of the class and stood by the teacher&#8217;s desk as he wrote on a small notepad. After so long being the centre of attention for a whole class of teenagers it felt strange to be ignored now. She stood still, waiting obediently for Mr Marinov to finish, ensuring she did nothing to attract further punishment.

There, said Mr Marinov, handing her the small piece of paper. You can collect your phone after the last period. Next time I see it in my class will mean a week of detentions. Are we clear?
Yes Sir, Katie replied meekly. Um Sir, what do I do with the note?
Have you not had a detention before?
No Sir, the schoolgirl replied, feeling her shame more keenly at the admission.
Take it to the office and give it to Mrs Bailey. She&#8217;ll give you a number that you take to detention and an official note is generated that we can send to your parents if your late return from school will cause any inconvenience.
Thank you Sir.
Dismissed.

Katie walked slowly from the room in a bewildered daze. Her parents could get told! Facing Lauren was bad enough but her parents would flip. She didn&#8217;t know anything about detention. The very idea filled her with fear.

The teacher leaned back in his chair to stare at the departing teen. He really wasn&#8217;t sure what had happened to this young girl over the last few weeks but he wasn&#8217;t complaining. He watched her firm buttocks shift under her short skirt, hips sashaying sensually with each step. These current fashions would never get old he mused, smiling indulgently. He watched Katie leave the room with a lust that he would savour and take home to his wife.

*

Where was she? Katie leaned against the shelves, fidgeting nervously. After receiving her number for detention she had come straight to the library, each step filled with the fear that she had made Lauren wait. She had felt an immediate relief when she had found their spot empty but it had not lasted long. Doubts began to surface, doubts that were worse than her fear. What if she hadn&#8217;t read the message right? She had only a second to view it. What if Lauren had already left, given up waiting for her unruly slave? What if she was waiting in the wrong place and Lauren was right this very minute standing impatiently, waiting for her to show up in some other part of the library?

She took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down. She had to have faith, that was all. Lauren would come. She was probably having her lunch with her friends. Once the thought had occurred, Katie was sure that was where she was. She probably should be there too, though right now she wasn&#8217;t really hungry. Her stomach was twisting with the nervous uncertainty of what her coming confrontation with her owner would bring. She had been naughty and she was sure to be punished. She could accept that, she deserved to be punished. But what she did not want to accept was her owner&#8217;s disapproval. She didn&#8217;t want to see the disappointment mar her lover&#8217;s pretty face.

She thought back to Mrs Bailey and the look she had given her when she handed over her detention note. Surprise was definitely the dominant emotion, but that terrible disappointment was there as well. She had always been a good girl, a little slack surely but well-behaved. She felt like she had let everyone down and it was a feeling that bored deep into her soul. 

Katie looked up, fear etched on her face. She could hear footsteps now and she knew they belonged to her owner. The fact that she could hear the usually stealthy girl approaching make the colour drain from her face. She knew. Lauren knew and she was pissed. Now that the moment had come, her carefully cultivated composure slipped into panic. She tried to stand up straight but her bag slipped from her shoulder, causing her to fumble with the strap, knocking a book from the shelf which she hurriedly replaced. Her plan to greet her owner in position, meek and submissive had been dashed. Anxiety descended like a heavy miasma of dread. The air became thick and cloying, making each breath a chore.

Lauren rounded the corner of the aisle and slapped the waiting girl, the sharp smack audible throughout the section. Katie felt the tears spring into her eyes as much from the pain of the blow as the terrible look on her lover&#8217;s face. 

Panties, snapped Lauren, holding out her hand, her steely gaze locking onto the frightened young girl like a bird of prey.

Katie let her bag fall to the floor and immediately reached up under her skirt, face still stinging. She slipped her panties down her legs and stepped quickly out of the tiny garment. She folded them neatly, covering the damp crotch, before handing them over. This was not how she wanted her first contact with Lauren to play out. She had envisioned a sweet smile, a recognition of the love they shared, a tender embrace, a passionate kiss. She had ruined everything. How could Lauren forgive her?

What are you trying to do, Kitty? Are you trying to send me a message, hmmm? Are you trying to force my hand?
No Miss, Katie mumbled meekly, shaking her head, perplexed by her owner&#8217;s comment. She didn&#8217;t understand what she was saying, but she knew she wasn&#8217;t doing those things. 

You march right back to Marinov and get him to change your detention. You have a routine to keep Kitty, not to mention work. What do you think Jean would say if she knew you couldn&#8217;t make your shift because you were a naughty little bitch?
I d-
Go to the teacher&#8217;s lounge, wait outside for Mr Marinov and beg him to change your detention. Ask him to change it to three lunchtime detentions instead. Well?
Sorry Miss, I
Before you go, here is your bus fare for work.
Um Miss, my dad gave me five dollars this morning for-
Kitty! You know better, what has gotten into you? Well, hand it over.
Sorry Miss, Katie stammered as she scratched in her bag for her purse. She pulled out the small bag, feeling the hard shaft of her dildo inside and meekly handed the money to her owner.
Well? Don&#8217;t tell me you&#8217;re waiting for a kiss! Kitty, really?
No, it&#8217;s-
Go.

It wasn&#8217;t fair. Lauren wasn&#8217;t giving her a chance to explain. She hadn&#8217;t really been naughty. She had been trying to be good and check the message from her owner quickly. Even as she trudged morosely through the library, she knew this wasn&#8217;t true. She had checked her phone because she couldn&#8217;t wait to hear from her owner. It had nothing to do with being good. She was actually really lucky she hadn&#8217;t been stupid enough to blurt that out. Lauren would have seen through it in a second.

She hadn&#8217;t received the kiss she had so desperately been waiting for but the reception had been even worse that she had expected. Lauren was mad, but the more Katie thought on the problem, fighting back the tears as she headed towards the teacher&#8217;s lounge, the more she thought she understood. Lauren wasn&#8217;t mad that she had misbehaved, after all checking her phone in class wasn&#8217;t really that bad, everyone did it. Lauren was mad because getting a detention meant that her training would be affected and more than that, Mrs Farrell might think differently towards her. Lauren had set up the job for her and her behaviour and performance reflected on her owner. She paled at the thought of letting her lover down, of making her look bad.

The dazed teen reached the teacher&#8217;s lounge in no time, but the door was closed. Should she knock? The very idea make her shiver. The thought of the door opening, a room full of teachers staring at her, judging her, made her shrivel against the wall. She would wait. The teachers had to leave the lounge before the bell to reach their classes on time. She would have a few minutes to plead her case. She didn&#8217;t even want to think about what would happen if Mr Marinov wouldn&#8217;t budge.

The wait was interminable, her growling stomach becoming louder with each passing minute. She hadn&#8217;t eaten her lunch yet and now she wouldn&#8217;t get a chance. Should she tell Lauren? She would get in more trouble, she was sure, and she couldn&#8217;t bear to see that look on her owner&#8217;s face again. The door to the teacher&#8217;s lounge opened and Katie instantly stood up straight, looking expectantly for the appearance of Mr Marinov, but she couldn&#8217;t make him out in the crowd. The door closed again without the exodus that she had expected. It mustn&#8217;t be close enough to the end of lunch after all.

Can I help you?
Um, could I. May I see Mr Marinov please Ma&#8217;am?
Wait here and I&#8217;ll see if he&#8217;s available.

Yeah thanks for that, like I wasn&#8217;t already waiting. Why did people always tell you to do what you were already doing? Katie quickly checked herself, knowing she was just antsy with waiting and frustrated at the way her day had turned into a nightmare, and all from one tiny mistake. She almost went back to lounging against the wall but thought twice about such laziness. She needed to be respectful and waiting patiently when the teacher emerged, not slouching like some dodgy skank on a street corner. She jumped a little as the door opened, eyes lighting up as Mr Marinov stepped through, eyebrow raised, puzzled by her presence.

Hi Mr Marinov. May I speak to you for a moment please?
Katie, if it&#8217;s about your phone You can have it back at the end of the day and not before. You really need to learn some responsibility. Actions have consequences young lady.
No Sir, not that. I, um, I wanted to talk ask about my detention.
It is set Ms Thomas. There will be no shirking and tardiness will simply earn you an additional detention.
No Sir, it&#8217;s just. I have work after school on Tuesdays and Thursdays and I was wondering if, um, if I could not have an afterschool detention but instead have one at lunchtime. Three at lunchtime, Katie added in a rush, remembering her owner&#8217;s words. She hoped the prospect of asking for extra detentions and her willingness to do her time would work in her favour. She nervously nibbled her lip as she waited for the teacher&#8217;s response.
That&#8217;s an unusual request. Why should I give up my lunchtime to oversee your detention when you can simply report to the official room at the appointed time?
Um, I&#8217;m just really sorry Mr Marinov. I won&#8217;t ever do it again. I don&#8217;t even know why I did it this time, Katie said sheepishly, looking at her feet as she told the lie. I don&#8217;t want to disappoint anyone Sir and I just know my boss would be upset if I can&#8217;t make my shift and I can&#8217;t call her because I don&#8217;t have my phone and I promise to be good in your class from now on, in all my classes. I promise.

Katie stopped abruptly, aware she had started babbling and suddenly self-conscious. She shuffled nervously under the teacher&#8217;s stern gaze, acutely aware that she was being judged. She didn&#8217;t need to feign her meek, obsequiousness, she felt it deeply. The seconds passed and the young girl began to squirm under the silent scrutiny. She finally looked up shyly.

Starting tomorrow. Report to my classroom. Tell Mrs Bailey to rescind your detention but for the request to remain pending. Is that all?
Yes Sir, thank you Sir.

Mr Marinov turned his back on the young girl and disappeared back into the teacher&#8217;s lounge. Katie didn&#8217;t know whether to jump up and down or slump against the wall. The tension she had lived with since meeting with her owner finally eased. Her routine would not be interrupted, though she would lose her lunchbreak for the next three days. That was ok though. Now that she had no real friends, she didn&#8217;t do much with it anyway. Lauren was off with her own group and even Miranda seemed to disappear somewhere with her own friends. What was wrong with her?

*

Hi Katie.
Oh hey Todd.
I heard about what happened with Marinov, the guy&#8217;s a dick.
Um, he&#8217;s ok, Katie replied diplomatically as she retrieved her book for the next class.
You look really nice today.
Um, thanks, Katie said, blushing, put a little off-balance by the quick change of topic.
I mean you always look pretty you know, but today you look even prettier.

Katie realised that he hadn&#8217;t thought that compliment all the way through and she saw Todd hadn&#8217;t either. He grinned inanely at her and she couldn&#8217;t help but smile back. She self-consciously straightened out her skirt as she realised he had obviously been checking her out. She liked Todd. He was handsome in a studious kind of way and he had always seemed really smart and nice. She had spent more than one class imagining what it would be like to kiss him or feel his hands on her, but he had always had a girlfriend. A different one each time but she couldn&#8217;t remember a time when he had been single. How weird was that? How had she found boys attractive when she was a lesbian? She hadn&#8217;t known any better, she guessed. Did lesbians still find boys handsome? Lauren thought that the big blond vampire in True Blood was gorgeous so maybe it was normal.

Would you like to see a movie sometime?
Oh. Um, sorry Todd, but I&#8217;m not allowed to date boys, Katie said, sincere in her remorse. If he had asked her a few weeks ago she would have been giddy at the prospect, but her life was different now. She belonged to another now and she was in love. 
Oh, well, if that, um, changes See you round.

Well that was all a little sad.

Katie spun around, smiling happily at Miranda. She needed to talk to someone so desperately. Lauren was angry with her and she felt so alone without her owner. Looking at Miranda now, her innocent smile without guile or ulterior motive, Katie vowed she would not miss one minute of her routine. She had a perfect record so far this week and she needed to earn permission for Miranda to be her friend. She needed it almost as much as she needed to see Lauren&#8217;s smile or hear a kind word from her. The first words she had heard from her owner since they parted on Sunday had been ones of anger. She would never forgive herself for that.

Since when aren&#8217;t you allowed to date? Didn&#8217;t your parents know about Pete?
It&#8217;s a little more complicated than that, Katie said truthfully, wanting to unburden herself, but knowing full well it could never be.
I don&#8217;t know what&#8217;s worse, having all the boys after you and not being able to do anything or not even being noticed.
What do you mean? All the boys aren&#8217;t after me?
Oh, Katie Thomas. I see how they all look at you. I mean look at the way you&#8217;re dressed, how could anyone resist that.

It was said with a smile, and she knew that Miranda didn&#8217;t mean anything by it but she didn&#8217;t choose her clothes. She didn&#8217;t choose anything about the way she looked. She wasn&#8217;t complaining. She had never felt so attractive, so full of life and yet so self-conscious at the same time. She liked her new look, but it was often a little too sexy for her liking. And yet they were all her clothes, nice clothes. She had chosen them in the first place. It wasn&#8217;t like she was dressed like a slut. 

Well I think you&#8217;re the prettiest girl in school.
Thanks Miranda, I don&#8217;t know about that though, Katie giggled, sure that Miranda was teasing her but she felt a sudden kinship with this homely girl, a deepening of the friendship she was so desperate to cultivate. She wouldn&#8217;t ask Lauren for permission to be friends with Miranda until she had proven herself, and especially not after the morning she had just had, but she was confident it would happen.

The next class was almost upon them and the two schoolgirls had to part ways. Katie wished she could be in more of Miranda&#8217;s classes, not only to be with her friend but she knew Lauren took them too. To be in all her owner&#8217;s classes The mere thought was divine and it buoyed her spirits slightly as she headed to class.

She was only halfway down the hall when she saw Louise round the corner. They had been in the same school for years and she had barely seen her, let alone spoken to the athletic teen. She was one of the sporty girls, more so even than Lauren, playing lacrosse, soccer, tennis and who knew what other sports. She smiled meekly at she approached the tall schoolgirl, blushing as their eyes met, able now to think of her in only one way.

Katie remembered the slim teen as she had made her way into the showers, naked but for a towel draped over one shoulder. Her eyes had been drawn to the thick black triangle that peeked between the trimly toned legs, thoughts of the carefully manicured bush now flooding her mind.&nbsp; Most of the girls had been bare, some had small strips and a few had sparse patches of hair on their mons, but it had been Louise that had captivated her.

She remembered her own bush that she had been so proud of for so long. She loved her smooth look, loved the way it felt and she knew Lauren liked it, which was the most important thing, but there was a little lamentation at the knowledge that she may never experience this ever again. As she walked to class she daydreamed about how she used to watch tv and play with her curls, running her fingers along the skin, sliding through the thicket of silky hair, twirling the curls in her fingers. She smiled as the memory of how she would pass the time by pulling them away from her skin and letting them spring back into position. She did kind of miss them. But it was much nicer to have her lips clean, that was for sure. She couldn&#8217;t imagine what it would be like to have the amount of cream she produced always matting the sparse hair on her lips.

An entire period had passed before she realised she was still thinking about her pussy. What the fuck was wrong with her. She had vowed to pay attention, to make sure she didn&#8217;t get in trouble for the rest of the day and here she was daydreaming of pubic hair and how nice it was to have a clean, smooth pussy. 

She did have to admit though, the feeling of sliding her tongue over her owner&#8217;s bare sex was amazing. Once Lauren was a little wet the sensation as her fingers slid along the slim lips was so nice. The denuded labia were perfectly smooth, in a delicious contrast to the rougher ridges and folds that lay hidden between.

Fuck! She was still doing it. She had just scolded herself for thinking about sex and she was straight back at it. This time it was worse. When she had been thinking about her own puss, it had been ok, that was just a bit of fun, but as she had fantasised about her owner she knew her arousal had grown. She could feel the heat beneath her skirt, the realisation duplicating the rise in temperature in her face. She knew from experience that her cheeks would already be a mottled pink.

She couldn&#8217;t quite tell yet, but she knew, she just knew, that she was wet.&nbsp; How wet she couldn&#8217;t tell just yet but anything was bad. Her only protection now was the thin material of her skirt and she was scared of marking it. She had the entire afternoon to go. She had to stop now before it was too late.

Katie thanked the stars when the bell rang. She sprang out of her chair, eager to be on the move. Sitting down was her enemy now, it placed her creamy pussy directly against her skirt. She had two classes to go and what was the alternative? As she walked to her next class she contemplated sitting directly on the seat, making sure her skirt wasn&#8217;t under her, but rather settled over the chair.

It might work, but it was terribly dangerous. Her pussy was leaking, she knew it now, maybe not too much but enough. What would happen when she had to get up and she had left some moisture on the seat? Maybe if she was the last to leave she could get away with quickly wiping it away. It was risky but the alternative was something she had already experienced. The memory of the moment she had realised she had spotted her skirt with her own juice decided her.

Despite her preoccupation she had made it quickly to her next class and was able to slip inside and grab a desk at the back. She was so thankful that few teachers stuck to the assigned seating. She did get a few weird looks, especially from those who usually sat at the back but the anxious schoolgirl buried her face in her text, feigning interest in the coming class. She was lucky she had the book the right way round as her mind was far from the lesson plan.

She had taken great care when she sat down, flipping her skirt out delicately behind her so it fanned out around the plastic seat. She had to smooth it out twice, forcing it through the tiny window in the back of the seat. She wasn&#8217;t satisfied with the way skirt sat and she began immediately to rethink her decision. The soft material bunched up around the thin pole that elevated the back from the seat revealing a little more skin that she had anticipated. She was sure no one could really see anything but she tried her best not to move at all. 

Her legs were spread ever so slightly, as she had been taught, but for the wrong reasons she knew. Katie had contemplated keeping them together, confident that Lauren would never know, but she decided the worst thing she could do was to smother her sex. She needed air to move across her lips. She was confident that if she closed her legs, the heat in her crotch would intensify her scent and that would be yet another problem she had to deal with. 

She could smell her pussy but it was very faint. She hoped and prayed that it was just her and that by airing her sex she could prevent the musky scent from being noticed by all. For the remainder of the class, she constantly checked the lie of her skirt, adjusting it slightly every few minutes. She would never do this again. It had been stupid. All she had done was opened herself up to even more scrutiny, as if she wasn&#8217;t self-conscious enough.

When the bell rang, after what felt like five hours, the apprehensive teen pretended to write a few more notes, while surreptitiously watching the rest of the class. She packed her books up as slowly as she possibly could, but even still two girls had stayed back to speak to the teacher. Leigh was fine, it was Audrey that was the problem. She was a friend of Dana&#8217;s though not in the immediate group. Katie was sure she had been told some stories about her by now.

She couldn&#8217;t wait any longer. Any more delay and she would achieve the opposite of her desire. The suddenly skittish teen stood up slowly, lifting herself off the seat with the least movement she could arrange. She immediately looked down at the seat, mortified by what greeted her. 

A small dark smear was clearly visible in the centre of the chair. A thin line of moisture, two inches long, glistened in the bright lights of the classroom. Her cheeks were no longer a mottled pink, her vision was almost tinged red from the rosy glow radiating from her. A great pressure compressed her chest, constricting her breathing&nbsp; and making her heart pump madly. Katie was sure she could hear her blood rushing in her ears. 

After a second of paniced indecision, she placed her bag on the chair in an attempt to wipe away the smear of pussyjuice. She couldn&#8217;t think of anything else to do and she could hear the next class ready to come in. She had to go, her last period was English and it was a class she had with Lauren. She needed to get there. 

Katie lifted her bag from the seat and took one last look, desperate to see a clean, dry surface. The debilitating sinking feeling in her belly intensified but she was out of time. The seat was not dry or clean. All she had managed to do was make the mark larger. She was out. She could hear the next class already pushing their way into the room. Katie turned to hurry out, but froze when she noticed Audrey standing in the doorway watching her. The terrified teen lowered her eyes guiltily and hurried from the room. 

Audrey slipped from the room just before she reached the door and Katie risked one last glance back. It was a mistake. She saw a young girl standing next to her chair, looking down at the seat quizzically. No one in the next class could have known it was her sitting at that particular desk and besides they were two grades lower and none of them would know her.

The feeble justifications didn&#8217;t even make an impression. Evidence of her arousal had been noticed. Anyone who saw that would know a slut had sat at that desk and who was the last to leave the room, slinking away like a thief in the night? Katie Thomas, the senior slut. She tried to focus on getting to class, almost running down the nearly deserted halls. 

Mr Sinclair was already standing at the front of the class, getting ready to teach the class of already seated and silent students. She paused at the door for just a second, noticing the only desk available was one in the very middle of the room. She caught Lauren&#8217;s eye as she glanced around the room, paling at the stern visage that greeted her. 

Yes Ms Thomas?
Um, Katie stammered, no clue as to what her response should be. Yes.
Yes?
Um Katie didn&#8217;t have a clue what was going on. All she wanted to do was slink into her seat.
Um?

Katie looked at the teacher pleadingly, begging to be let I on the rules of the game. She could hear the sniggers from the class. She knew she was being stupid but she still could not banish the sight of her juice smeared on the seat at her last class, nor the look on the young girl&#8217;s face that had seen her sluttishness. 

Let&#8217;s break it down shall we? Setting: highschool classroom. Players: a class of students, teacher and tardy student. Opening scene: tardy student enters the classroom. First line of dialogue&nbsp; Marissa.
Excuse me Sir. I apologise for my tardy arrival to your class.
And, action.

Katie looked around the class at the leering faces, waiting expectantly for her to embarrass herself even further. She had compounded her lateness with disrespect and stupidity and now the whole class was laughing at her. She dared not look at Lauren, she couldn&#8217;t bear to see her owner laughing at her as well.

Excuse me Sir, I apologise for my tardy arrival to your class.
A round of applause for the star player. A shaky start but see how much easier everything is with a script. Take a bow Ms Thomas and then take your seat.

Katie blushed furiously as she bowed shallowly to the applause from the class. For a moment she forgot all about her previous troubles. Every instinct told her to run from the room and hide somewhere dark and safe. Instead she made her way to the only desk available and silently took her seat. Today had to be the worst of her young life. She glanced at her owner as she took her books from her bag but Lauren wasn&#8217;t looking her way. She was intent upon the teacher.&nbsp; Katie knew that Lauren had chosen this elective specifically, and only partly because of the book. 

Katie opened her book and tried to follow the lesson but her eyes were constantly drawn to her owner. She had sat two rows behind once removed, a position that ironically ould give her the best view of her lover. She tried not to stare, but her eyes were drawn to her owner. The very presence of the girl to whom she had given herself undid all her good work in one fell swoop.

She felt the familiar tingling between her legs, the soft pulse along the walls of her vagina and she knew that she would not be able to prevent her full cream now. English was a class she usually enjoyed immensely, but she was enjoying it now for very different reasons. Her care evaporated as she watched Lauren play absently with her hair, twirling the ends around her fingers as she listened to Mr Sinclair. 

Katie loved it when Lauren played with her hair. It was so intimate and yet so casual and she was sure the pretty teen had no idea how gorgeous she was. Katie could almost feel her owner&#8217;s hands on her, sliding through her straight black hair, remembering the sensual grooming she had received. She caught herself mimicking her lover&#8217;s motions and stopped abruptly. She looked nervously around the room but no one seemed to have noticed.

Whether she had been seen or not, the result had been the same. Katie could feel the flow from her sex increase. She had quickly discovered that, apart from everything else, that on dildo days she was always wetter, always more prone to producing cream. The sensation of the hard glass shaft penetrating her pussy stayed with her for the entire day. She could almost feel it now, her vagina tensing as if she truly was filled.

Oh Ms Thomas.

Katie looked up at Mr Sinclair, staring at her. How many times had he called her name. She was sure she could recall it more than once, but she had been lost in a world where nothing existed but her owner and her. 

Yes Sir?
Oh glad of you to join us once again. Page 14, from the top. And stand up, project for the entire class.
Yes Sir.

Katie scolded herself as she stood and flipped to page 14. This had to stop. She was losing it. She couldn&#8217;t stop thinking about sex. Everything turned to sex for her now. She was being so Well she was being too much a slut now. She had to learn to control herself. She wasn&#8217;t usually like this. She wasn&#8217;t like this. This really wasn&#8217;t her.

With one deep breath, Katie began reading. She did her best to project her voice, to read clearly but not too slowly, not wanting anyone to think she was a slow reader. She knew from other classes that some of the guys didn&#8217;t read too well, often stopping after one paragraph. She didn&#8217;t think this would happen in this class though, Mr Sinclair had a reputation and you wouldn&#8217;t choose his class lightly. Katie&#8217;s voice grew in strength and confidence as she read, following the words and the story and forgetting, for just a little while, the horrible day she had been having.
 

Here we see the satirical undertones that Huxley subtly weaves throughout the entire text. The seemingly dry scientific achievements being explained mask darker and deeper-ranging concepts. Can anyone tell me what the process being described reminds you of?

Katie stopped reading abruptly at Mr Sinclair interruption. She looked up at the teacher as he walked casually about the classroom. Lauren had chosen this class as much for the teacher as the material being studied. Katie had never had Mr Sinclair before and this wasn&#8217;t the best introduction to his class. She knew she had made a poor first impression and would have to work hard to make it up to him. She needed to have one of Lauren&#8217;s favourite teacher&#8217;s like her. There simply wasn&#8217;t an alternative. Her time in the spotlight over, Katie closed her book and started to take her seat.

No Miss Thomas, you can stay where you are. You&#8217;re doing a great job and we&#8217;ll have need of you again in a moment.

Katie&#8217;s shoulders slumped as she straightened her body. She had been halfway to her seat and keenly felt every eye in the room boring into her. She knew she was still being punished for her tardiness but she really didn&#8217;t think it was fair. It was her fault, that wasn&#8217;t in question, but she had already been humiliated, wasn&#8217;t that enough. The young girl stood straight, legs solidly together, more aware than ever of her lack of panties. Her senses were heightened as she focus on the sounds of the room. She strained to hear the sound of a pen&#8217;s fall, knowing what that innocent rattle would mean. She knew she was being paranoid, but that didn&#8217;t mean she was wrong. She knew the boys had been known to do such things. She was relieved that Gavin was not in the class, but some of his friends were. She could not afford another slip.

Not quite Troy. Anyone else? Yes, Lauren.
An assembly line in a factory, she said with confidence.
Correct Miss Harper, very good. An assembly line, mass production. But here we are talking about human beings, made to order and produced for a pre-destined role. Continue Miss Thomas.

Katie was buoyed at the teacher&#8217;s praise for her owner. Lauren was so smart and she felt the joy for the recognition her lover had earned. She wanted to turn and smile at Lauren, to let her know that she knew she was smart too. The eyes of the class were on her however and all she could do was turn to the book once more and continue reading. She knew that her classmates were watching her instead of reading along in their own books. She couldn&#8217;t even check the time, having instead to focus on the pages before her. She tried to follow what she was reading, knowing that if she was asked a question and could not answer, she would not only look foolish but draw the ire of her teacher and the disappointment of her owner. She wanted Mr Sinclair to think she was smart too, but most of all she wanted Lauren to know she was a good girl. 

She was interrupted twice more as Mr Sinclair sought to highlight a particular aspect of the story and Katie remained standing, awaiting permission to take her seat this time. Whatever anyone could say, Katie thought, she couldn&#8217;t be accused of being a slow learner. She thought back to the training her owner had put her through on the weekend. She had learnt all her positions really well, only having to be corrected over small things. She knew Lauren had been proud of her. Katie felt her cheeks redden at the sudden pulse between her legs. Focus, she silently screamed at herself. She couldn&#8217;t drift off like that, not here, not now. 

It was the last class of the day. Just a few more minutes and she would be out of here. She couldn&#8217;t start creaming again. She wouldn&#8217;t. Mr Sinclair nodded at her to continue and she began to read once more, her eyes never leaving the page, following the tiny text with an intensity that bordered on the manic. Her uncovered sex was mere inches away from Tracy&#8217;s head. If she gave in to her lust, the girl was sure to know. Katie occasionally caught faint traces of her musk and knew that while it stayed at this level, she would be safe, the smell of her arousal easily lost amongst the background odours of a full classroom. If she couldn&#8217;t stop thinking about If she couldn&#8217;t control her thoughts and stop herself She couldn&#8217;t finish the thoughts.

Ok everyone, that&#8217;s it for today. For out next class, everyone should have read the first five chapters. We&#8217;ll discuss the tone of Huxley&#8217;s work and how technology, when written in an abstract, provides a timeless medium for social commentary. Thank you Miss Thomas, I&#8217;d like to see you at my desk.

Katie glanced quickly at Lauren at the teacher&#8217;s order. The frown on her owner&#8217;s face made the anxious schoolgirl&#8217;s belly flip as if she had just looped-de-looped on the most ferocious of rollercoasters. Please let this be an end to her trouble. Maybe he just wanted to say she was a good reader and Please don&#8217;t let him want me to read for every class. Katie pleaded over and over again as she walked slowly towards the teacher&#8217;s desk, this one tiny mistake couldn&#8217;t ruin this entire class for the rest of the semester. She begged whoever she was listening for forgiveness. The class was empty by the time she stood silently in front of Mr ** desk. She felt like a tiny baby animal, tied down and placed in front of a hungry lion. She slipped her slick palms across her bottom, terrified of what was to happen.

Miss Thomas, I don&#8217;t care to know what trysts made you late for my class. What I do care about is what happens within these four walls when the bell rings. I have been allotted this time to teach, to try and impart some knowledge of the English language, of the world and of our part in it. Each and every one of us Miss Thomas. Impact upon this time again and you will be studying another book during this elective. Are we clear?
Yes Sir, Katie replied, voice quivering with emotion. 
Excellent. Oh Katie, before you go. Mind telling me why you chose this elective?
Um, Katie hesitated. She could hardly tell him the real reason, that she chose it because her owner had. Everyone says you&#8217;re an excellent teacher Sir and I haven&#8217;t had you before so Katie&#8217;s trailed off into silence, her cheeks flushing with heat as she realised what she had said. Now he would either think she was some kind of slutty tease or a complete idiot. She just really wanted to go home and try and forget about this Tuesday from hell.
It&#8217;s just that you didn&#8217;t seem to be particularly interested in the material.
No Sir, it&#8217;s not that. I just don&#8217;t really know anything any of it is all.
Well Miss Thomas, it means we have a clean slate. I will be watching you over the coming weeks. I hope you will impress me.
Yes Sir I will, I promise, Katie gushed, relieved the interrogation was finally over.

She rushed from the room at a nod from the teacher, frantic to get to the bus. It would be just perfect if she missed the bus and had to run home, which would mean she would miss the bus to the mall and be late for work. Such tiny things had such massive repercussions. The panting teen thought on how much easier everything was when she behaved. It was simple really and she knew Lauren had been trying to teach her that very lesson. Simple obedience just made everything easier. Lauren had set her the rules, that was the hard part she knew. All she had to do was follow them. 

Katie flew through the corridors, weaving in and out of the chaotic crush of students all eager to leave now that the school day had finished. She had to get to the bus but she had to collect her phone first. It would be tight, but the prospect of missing a call from her owner left her in a cold sweat. She needed the phone. She skipped around once last corner and stopped outside Mr Marinov&#8217;s door. Deep breath, Katie said to herself, straightening down her blouse that had twisted in her mad rush. She reached up and knocked politely on the door before opening it slowly. She knew the false air of serenity she tried to adopt was a feeble one, her heaving chest and flushed face giving away her true state. 

Um, Mr Marinov. I, um, may I have my phone please Sir?
Ah Miss Thomas, I was wondering if you were going to turn up at all. Here.

Katie watched eagle-eyed as the teacher reached into the drawer of his desk and withdrew her phone. Katie reached out and almost cried when it was cruelly snatched away just as it touched her palm. 

I see this again, you lose it for good. Through a gross lack of wisdom by the board, we can&#8217;t ban phones at school but special dispensation is always an avenue. I hope you understand because I shan&#8217;t warn you again. These devices are not meant for the classroom, a fact you so spectacularly proved this morning.
Yes Sir, I know. I&#8217;m really sorry, I promise that you won&#8217;t ever see it again, Katie said, her eyes following the waving phone like a kitten with a piece of string.
Right, I&#8217;ll see you here at lunch tomorrow.
Yes Sir, thank you Sir.

Her entire body sagged with relief as the phone finally rested in her hand. She allowed herself one brief moment of solace before she turned to leave. The moment the door closed behind her she was off, running through the nearly deserted corridors, praying the bus had not left. She skidded around a corner, smashed through a final set of doors and spotted the large yellow vehicle waiting by the curb. She jumped the small row of steps, conscious of the fact her skirt had flipped up at the sudden descent but ignoring it, focusing on the rumbling throb from the idling bus. The drive had to have seen her, he couldn&#8217;t leave now. 

She sprinted the last few yards and jumped aboard, smiling wanly at the driver. She wanted to apologise but thought it best to allow him to do his job. Katie fell into the only seat available, her heart constricting at the smiling face that greeted her.

Hi Katie.
Hello, the young girl responded without a trace of the happiness the young boy exhibited. Could this day get any worse?
Wow you almost missed the bus.
No shit Sherlock, Katie hissed to herself, the kid was a deadset fuckwit but she couldn&#8217;t afford to be mean. Yeah, almost.
I was hoping you&#8217;d make it. You didn&#8217;t have to run so hard though, he saw you come out.
Yeah.
I saw you too.

The blood in her veins turned to ice-water. Katie looked at Pierre, shivering at the smarmy smile on his face. No it wasn&#8217;t a smile, it was a leer. Her skirt had flipped up as she jumped down the steps. She knew it had, but she&#8217;d hoped it had been only just a little. She shouldn&#8217;t have been so stupid. Just for a moment her focus had been only on one thing, making it to the bus on time. She had forgot she wasn&#8217;t wearing panties, something she couldn&#8217;t afford to do. But it was only Pierre right. He was a little perv anyway, everyone knew it. What could he even have seen from that distance? A split-second blur? He couldn&#8217;t really have known anything at all, his little pervert mind would be spinning a mile a minute, making up whatever little stories he wanted to anyway. The real problem was who else on the bus had seen what Pierre saw. The thought haunted her as the bus bumped and shuddered , taking her ever closer to home and the end of her schoolday.

*

Katie stepped carefully from the bus, her small purse in one hand, the other pressed against her thigh, trapping her dress against her leg. The repercussions of her morning indiscretion had continued well into the afternoon. She had not been allowed panties to work and the nervous teen wondered how long she would be punished in this way.

The dress Lauren had chosen for her was one of her favourites, and for once it was an outfit that she did wear regularly. A pretty one piece of deep-forest green, finished with a thick brown belt with an ivy pattern embossed along its length. It was her Robin Hood outfit and she enjoyed wearing it. The addition of her heels only made her like the ensemble even more. She wore her pretty, black-lace bra which cupped her breasts beautifully, providing them with a support she was grateful to experience.

It was only the lack of panties that spoiled a perfect outfit. The thick belt did cinch the dress tightly around her waist, but it caused the material to stiffen a little and push away from her body. She didn&#8217;t usually bother, the hem wasn&#8217;t that short, coming half-way to her knee, but with the dress pushed away from her body, she could feel the air waft across her buttocks and smooth vulva. It made her feel far more exposed that she truly was and it worried her as she headed to work. 

She simply could not shake the feeling that the secret of her lack of underwear was somehow evident to the people she passed. What if Mrs Farrell noticed? She worked in a clothing store. Would it be easier for her to tell she had come to work without panties? Could she get fired for that?

Mrs Farrell was busy with a customer when Katie arrived at the store. She smiled sheepishly at her boss before hurrying to the back room. She slid her purse into drawer, wondering briefly if she should check her phone. Maybe Lauren had left a message? Katie knew she had not but she had a hard time banishing the thought. She didn&#8217;t have time to check anyway.

Hello Ma&#8217;am, sorry I&#8217;m late, Katie said, shuffling her feet nervously.
Hi Katie. Late? Oh, replied Mrs Farrell, checking her watch, never mind that. You saw those boxes out back?
Um no Ma&#8217;am, sorry.
Well we got some new stock. It&#8217;s pretty exciting. I&#8217;ve been doing a little research, the older woman said with a little conspiratorial smile. Some of them will probably look a little familiar but AA can&#8217;t have all the fun. Sort them out into style and size and put them on the floor. I&#8217;ve marked the space.
Yes Ma&#8217;am, Katie replied, eager to get to work and made up for her tardiness. She had only been a minute late but late was late. She owed it to Mrs Farrell to do better.
Oh and Katie, Mrs Farrell said, calling the young girl back, you look absolutely adorable tonight.
Um, thank you Ma&#8217;am, Katie said shyly, still not used to receiving complements from her boss.

Katie hurried into the back room and began diligently sorting through the boxes of new stock. How she had missed the pile of brown boxes stacked against the wall she would never know. It would take her some time to sort everything into style and size and she set to her task without delay.

Katie could not shake the uncomfortable feeling in the pit of her stomach. Mrs Farrell came in once to check on her and the apprehensive schoolgirl&#8217;s chest tightened under the scrutiny of her boss. She couldn&#8217;t hold it in any longer. When she took the first armful of clothes into the store, she couldn&#8217;t help but glance surreptitiously at her boss. The moment the last dress was on the rack, Katie steeled herself and went up to the main counter.

Mrs Farrell was not her owner, but she was her boss and Katie was unsure if she should disturb her or simply wait to be acknowledged. She knew what she wanted to do, feeling the familiar tingling tightness in her belly, but she was being paid to work.

Excuse me Ma&#8217;am?
Mmmm, Mrs Farrell said, looking up from the papers she was reading.
Ma&#8217;am, um, I had a detention at school today and I almost wasn&#8217;t able to come tonight.
Oh really? That doesn&#8217;t sound like you at all Katie. I thought something was bothering you. But you made it ok. How did you get out of that?
I didn&#8217;t really Ma&#8217;am, I asked if I could have lunch time detentions instead of an afterschool one and Mr Sinclair said yes so
Well that was good thinking, but why on earth did you get a detention in the first place?
I used my phone during class. I know I shouldn&#8217;t, Katie gushed at the frown on the older woman&#8217;s face, and I&#8217;ll never do it again and I&#8217;d never do it at work.
I&#8217;m glad to hear that. Now you get back to work, all that stock needs to be out tonight.
Yes Ma&#8217;am, replied Katie, blushing at the unspoken admonishment. She had wasted enough time already.
And Katie? You&#8217;re a good girl for telling me, most wouldn&#8217;t you know.

Katie blushed at the praise and rushed into the backroom, not wanting her boss to see how her words had affected her. Mrs Farrell was so wonderful. Instead of being mad, she had been really nice and understanding. She felt immense relief at having unburdened herself. A soft thrill trilled through her, sending a little shiver into her chest as she remembered being called a good girl. She didn&#8217;t feel like one, in fact she felt the exact opposite, but hearing those words made her think of Lauren and reminded her what she was. 

The pretty schoolgirl sang softly to herself as she organised the remaining new stock. Her mood had improved greatly since her confession and it was a lesson she would not forget. She would do everything she could to behave but when she was bad she would confess her failures. She just knew Lauren would be as impressed with her as Mrs Farrell. Katie smiled as she thought of her owner&#8217;s happiness. 

She didn&#8217;t really know what her boss had meant by AA but the clothes she was sorting were quite sexy, simple but sexy: tight, one-piece dresses of a stretch material she knew would hug her every curve, shorts and leggings of the same material that she knew Lauren would like to see her wear, but most of all she liked the range of loose blouses that felt almost like gauze, a delicate billowy material that reminded her of a harem. She was dying to try them on, but the pricetag she placed no each item halted any dreams she had of wearing them. 

Katie had no idea how much Mrs Farrell was actually paying her. Lauren received her wage and it was up to her owner to decide how it was spent. She thought of her purse, empty but for her phone and dildo, and wondered why her owner&#8217;s complete control over her finances didn&#8217;t seem to bother her. Lauren made sure she had everything she needed, she had been given her bus money to get her to work. What did she really need it for anyway? It was better that Lauren controlled their money, she was so much smarter and would make sure it was used properly. 

The thought of her purse reminded Katie of the other item she had placed in the drawer. Her belly grumbled at the thought of the small container of salad she had brought with her. She glanced at the clock on the wall and realised it was much later than she had thought. She was hungry but maybe she should forget dinner an just keep working. She knew that was wrong. She hadn&#8217;t had lunch and if she missed dinner Lauren would not be impressed.

Excuse me Ma&#8217;am, may I have a break for dinner? I won&#8217;t be long.
Oh, sure. You should have said something earlier. Be a dear and bring me back a coffee.
Yes Ma&#8217;am, Katie replied as she made straight for the backroom. She was grateful for the break and wanted to make it as quick as possible.

*

Katie looked down at the open container and wrinkled her nose. The salad she hadn&#8217;t eaten at lunch had gone all soggy. She pushed the contents around with the small plastic fork. She couldn&#8217;t waste time though, there was nothing wrong with the salad, it just looked a little unappetising. She stabbed the a piece of limp lettuce and began eating. 

Katie sat alone in the bustling foodcourt, watching the mall patrons as she consumed her evening meal. Everywhere she looked she was reminded of her lover. Couples holding hands or sitting together laughing, made her all the more aware of her own solitary state. The lonely schoolgirl put down her fork and as secretly as she could opened her purse in her lap and took out her phone, quickly closing the zip to hide the bulbous glass shaft within.

No messages. Katie&#8217;s heart ached but what had she expected. She hoped Lauren was not made at her and toyed with the idea of writing her an apology. Would that be alright or would it only make it worse? She really didn&#8217;t have the time right now. She put her phone down on the table and returned to her meagre meal. 

Again and again her eyes were drawn to the dark screen of the phone, willing it to light up. She finished her meal without another pause, eating as quickly as she could. 



*

Come in.

Katie opened the door and hesitantly stepped into the room, her apprehension written clearly on her pretty face. She had never been alone in a classroom with a teacher, especially not during a lunch period, when every other student was supposed to be enjoying a break from lessons. She counted herself lucky though. Mr Marinov didn&#8217;t have to accept her proposal. Three lunchtime detentions in exchange for one after school may have sounded like a bad deal to someone else, but to her it was a lifesaver. 

The nervous schoolgirl paused just over the threshold and surveyed the deathly quiet classroom. Mr Marinov sat behind his desk at the front of the classroom, busily grading papers. Katie glanced at the empty desks, wondering if she should take her seat. 

Um, I&#8217;m here for my detention, Sir, Katie said meekly, once she had worked up the courage to break the imposing silence. She watched in trepidation as the teacher looked at his watch before acknowledging her.
First detention Miss Thomas. Now I have allowed these because of your extra-curricular activities and in the hope that this one-time display of leniency will be something which will spur a change in behaviour. I won&#8217;t have any student missing the midday meal so you have 30 minutes in which to fulfil your detention, after which time you will be able to have your lunch. Do you understand?
Yes Sir, thank you Sir.
The first line I have completed for you. One hundred lines are to be completed.&nbsp; When you fill the board, alert me. You are to copy the line exactly. Hopefully this exercise will impart a sense of decorum, respect and focus. Begin.

Katie had stood perfectly still during her instructions, hanging on the teacher&#8217;s every word. She looked up at the board to see a line at the very top of the tall blackboard written in an immaculate script: I must learn to assess priorities. During class I have but one.

One hundred times! The worried schoolgirl had no idea how long that would take to write, but she was sure there was no way it could be achieved during thirty minutes. Katie quickly dropped her bag by the door and walked to the board.

No. Place your bag at your desk.

Katie blushed at the casual chastisement, knowing that Mr Marinov was right to scold her. Lauren had taught her that there was always a proper place for her things and it was rarely by a doorway. She gathered her bag and put it gently by her desk. 

Before we begin, bring your phone and place it on my desk. Until I am confident you have learned your lesson, I feel it best the object of temptation be removed.

Katie paused for just a second before scrabbling in her bag for her phone. Before she pulled it from her bag she checked to make sure it was locked. She still hadn&#8217;t been able to remove the offending material from it, something she must remember to ask Lauren the very next chance she had.

She stalked to the front of the class and hesitated a moment before she placed the phone on the paper-strewn desk. Her hand trembled as she held the small phone above the desk, a shock of fear striking her heart when it finally left her hand. She didn&#8217;t have the time to waste and now that it was beyond her reach, the apprehensive schoolgirl hurried to the board.

Katie picked up the piece of chalk in the metal gutter at the bottom of the board and looked up at the imposing black surface, it&#8217;s emptiness a challenge, a silent taunt that she was desperate to quell. The butterflies in her stomach fluttered frenetically as she placed chalk to board for the first time. 

I must learn to assess my priorities. During class I have but one. With the first line completed she felt a little better, but a new worry plagued her already tortured mind. The skirt she wore wasn&#8217;t too short, it was actually one of the more modest Lauren had allowed her to keep, falling just a little over halfway down her thigh. She had to stand on tiptoes to reach the top of the board and her skirt moved a little, but it was the blouse she wore that made her face flush with the familiar, frustrating heat.

Lauren had chosen a pretty blouse of plain white, the thick material was stiff and contoured in the slim-fit she had liked but often avoided. It hugged her curves, stiffening around her full bosom, but it was the length of the blouse that was the cause of her sudden concern. When she was standing still, she felt more than comfortable, she was glad of the modest cut of the top, the thick material completely opaque, never betraying a hint of the bra beneath. 

Now however, she was obliged to reach above her, well above if she was to utilise the entire board. The short, tight sleeves pulled the blouse up as she stretched, lifting the hem above her skirt, baring her belly and side. She had tried to pull it down once but quickly realised how foolish a proposition that was. There wasn&#8217;t really anyone to see her. Mr Marinov was the only one in the room and he was busy grading papers. 

No Katie. I provided that line as a guide. You were instructed to copy it exactly. Clean that off and start again.

Katie had jumped at the sudden correction. He chalk fell to the floor, bouncing noisily from the small metal shelf at the board&#8217;s base. She had been sure the teacher had not been watching her. She felt the heat of her humiliation spread across her chest and neck as she imagined the flesh she would expose each time she wrote on the board: her smooth belly, the soft skin of her hip and even the tiny dimples in the small of her bag, visible just above the line of her low-slung skirt.

The blushing schoolgirl bent to pick up the fallen chalk, lowering her entire body in a demure squat, conscious now of the possible scrutiny and not willing to provide Mr Marinov with any further fuel with which to form a less than flattering opinion of her. She did like him, her was always fair, a little stern but she had never had any trouble with him before. She was adamant this would be a one-time experience.

Abashed by the failure of her very first try, Katie wiped away her line. She knew what she had done wrong: her text had only been half the size of the teacher&#8217;s example. She set to her task with renewed vigour, wanting to ensure no more wasted time or effort. There was nothing she could do about the flesh she bared, she just had to do her best to push it to the back of her mind and focus. It wasn&#8217;t as if she was showing anything really, more of her body could be seen during her morning run but alone in a classroom with a teacher, the few scant inches of skin made her feel as if she was doing the detention in her underwear. 

The tension that wracked her body eased a little as she completed each line, progressing further down the board, allowing her to write each successive line closer to her own height. She knew she would have to start again at the top very soon, but for now, she would take accept any minor victory, no matter how transient.

Excuse me Sir, I have filled the board, Katie ventured timidly, turning to the busy teacher for guidance. She watched as he turned and surveyed her work. 
Line six contains a spelling error, line eleven lacks punctuation. So that is only 18 lines. I suggest you quit daydreaming and focus. You are here to learn a lesson, not simply to occupy my time. I can assure you that I have better things to do with my lunch hours than to spend them in a classroom.
Sorry Sir, Katie replied, intently studying her shoes.
Well clean the board and continue, the teacher said, his obvious exasperation creeping into his tone.
Yes Sir.

How could she have made those errors? And now she had made Mr Marinov angry. She risked a glance at the clock and realised almost ten minutes had passed. Eighteen lines in ten minutes. Even if she made no more mistakes she would only be just over halfway done in the time she had been given. Now she really began to worry. She had to forget everything else and just write, fast. 

She had only completed four lines when she heard a familiar skittering sound from her left.&nbsp; A cold void formed in the pit of her stomach as the terrible sound of her phone vibrating across the teacher&#8217;s desk resounded around the still room like the bells from a church. The terrified schoolgirl paused for just a moment, her trembling hand poised above the board in mid-sentence. 

Write, Katie screamed at herself. If she reacted now, to the very same distraction that had placed her in this predicament she would surely end up with further detentions. She forced her hand to move, sliding the chalk across the rough black surface. She cringed as the white stick squealed on the board. Once she regained her rhythm she completed the line, shoulders slumping as the vibrating stopped. It had only been a text. Thank god for small mercies, Katie thought. 

The tiny hairs on the back of her neck suddenly stood on end. She had to resist the urge to turn around, able to feel her teacher&#8217;s intense scrutiny as she worked. Katie imagined the frown of disapproval and tensed once again, more conscious than ever of the movement of her blouse, waiting for the reprimand she knew she deserved. She should have turned the phone off entirely. She was so stupid but she hadn&#8217;t even thought about it.

Excuse me Sir, I have finished again.

The young girl&#8217;s shoulders slumped as she turned to her see her teacher sat at his desk, reading a book. She had finished the last set of lines convinced that he had been staring at her, waiting for her to slip up. She had expected a correction at any moment, when the truth was that he wasn&#8217;t paying any attention to her at all. After a brief moment of scrutiny, Mr Marinov waved her one, giving her permission to continue.

Katie immediately set to cleaning the board before starting another set. She had completed 40 lines and her time was almost up. She couldn&#8217;t really fit anymore in, not only due to time but also to space. She dared not try and write any smaller, she had been told to copy exactly and after those first few errors she had been determined not to waste a single line. 

As Katie copied out what she knew would be her last set, she thought about what she was writing. She would make sure that she kept her priorities straight in future. She knew the lesson Mr Marinov wanted her to learn and she was determined not to let this opportunity go to waste. Her only priority in class was to listen and do well. This was what Lauren wanted her to do as well. She knew her grades weren&#8217;t good enough. She wasn&#8217;t as smart as Lauren so the only way she would improve was to pay attention and work hard. 

Before she had become Lauren&#8217;s property she had ben lazy and inattentive, they had been the reasons for her poor grades. She wanted to do well and she wasn&#8217;t lazy anymore, that was for sure, but she couldn&#8217;t deny she was still inattentive. It was just that her mind wandered, no matter how hard she tried to keep it focused on the lesson.&nbsp; Her owner was in her thoughts always. The smallest thing would start her thinking of her lover and she would soon find herself daydreaming of the time they had spent together.

It had been worse the last few days. She had spent a magical weekend with her owner, two days which she looked back upon as the happiest of her life. She imagined spending her life with Lauren, living together openly as a couple. She imagined waking up each morning next to her owner, gently exploring her soft body before they each had to get ready for work. 

With a start, Katie realised she had been doing it again. The repetitive task had allowed her mind to wander. She could feel her nipples stiffening and tried desperately to fight her rising arousal. She needed to see Lauren and if she was going to be completely honest, she needed to come. She wasn&#8217;t designed for these periods of prolonged periods without an orgasm. She was a slut, so Lauren had taught her, and she really needed the release. Her thoughts were haunted by sex, her ability to cope lessening with each passing day that climax was denied her. 

That will do Miss Thomas. Finish that line

Katie was startled by the sudden comment, wrapped up as she was in her own sensual torment. She quickly finished the line and glanced down at her chest as she placed the chalk on the shelf. Despite her best efforts, her nipples had hardened, the tiny buds just visible beneath her bra and blouse. She felt the heat between her legs but was sure she hadn&#8217;t begun to cream. For that at least she was grateful. Her pussy seemed almost perpetually wet these days. She had become used to peeling her panties off when she got home and licking her discharge from the crotch of the tiny garment so her mother did not discover her secret.

A rather poor showing Katie. You are only 60% complete. I would have expected much more from someone who was focused on their priorities. You will complete the task in your own time. One hundred lines which you will present to me tomorrow.
But
Yes Miss Thomas? You have something to say?
No Sir, I mean it&#8217;s just I, well but I did 60, Katie mumbled, quickly wishing she had never opened her mouth.
You were set a task. You failed to complete it so you must begin again. If someone fails to finish a marathon, they don&#8217;t start halfway the next time do they?
No Sir.
One hundred lines to be presented at your second detention tomorrow. You may now take your seat and eat your lunch.
Um?
Yes, your detention is for the lunch period. A detention is not only to impart valuable lessons but it is also a punishment and part of that punishment is to be parted from your friends. Life is all about rules Katie. We all have rules to follow and they all have rewards and repercussions. You may feel very hard done by right now, but it is a lesson best learnt early. Once you have finished your lunch you may sit in silence and contemplate the reason for why you are here.
Yes Sir, thank you Sir.

Katie blushed as she thanked the teacher for her punishment. She didn&#8217;t know why she had said it. She had immediately felt it was the wrong thing to say. She felt a nervous tightening in her chest as she sat at her desk and took her small salad from her bag. She glanced briefly at the teacher and looked quickly away when she saw his quizzical gaze. Did he think she was being a smartass? Having the teacher think she was making fun of him was the last thing in the world she wanted.

The young girl kept her head lowered as she quickly ate her meagre salad. She enjoyed her midday meal. She hadn&#8217;t at first, and she still missed the hot dogs and pizza and spaghetti the other students consumed so eagerly, but she had grown to like the salad she made for herself each morning. Her owner had set down the general ingredients for her to use but Katie took pleasure from changing the mixture ever so slightly each day. 

As she ate she thought about what Mr Marinov had said. She knew all about rules, she had far more to follow than the average teenager. How many other girls were property? How many other sixteen year old&#8217;s belonged to someone else? Did her intimate knowledge of the importance of following rules it make her poor behaviour even worse? Lauren&#8217;s rules weren&#8217;t always easy to follow but the rewards for when she did were

Stop, Katie screamed at herself as she started to think about Lauren&#8217;s hot mouth on her wet pussy. The seated schoolgirl felt her cunt spasm and she looked sheepishly towards the front of the room. Mr Marinov wasn&#8217;t watching her, luckily. Lauren was not here to see her, but she had automatically sat as she had been taught, legs straight knees an inch apart. She didn&#8217;t know exactly what could be seen from the front of the class. She was sure she was fine, but the very possibility that the secrets that lay beneath her skirt could be seen made her belly flutter.

The last small leaf of lettuce now in her mouth, Katie packed up her lunch container and sat silently, awaiting the bell. She risked a glance at the clock on the side wall and smiled a short, relieved smile as she saw there was only five minutes to go. Sitting in the empty classroom was the perfect fuel for her daydreams. The muted sounds of the school felt as if they belonged to another world. Katie made a conscious effort to think about her detention, wondering just when she would be able to get all the extra lines finished.

The bell rang, finally, but Katie stayed in her seat, waiting for permission to leave. She felt strangely vulnerable, sitting alone at her desk at the end of her first detention. She knew she deserved the detention and she knew her owner probably wouldn&#8217;t let it end at that but somehow she still felt bad about being here. She knew Mr Marinov was just a teacher and you had to respect them, but there was something else, something more. She didn&#8217;t want this teacher, or any teacher, to think badly of her. She wanted to impress them with her good behaviour and she knew so far she was failing. The realisation made her cringe inwardly, knowing she was letting everyone down.

Tomorrow same time, same place Miss Thomas.
Yes Sir.
You may go.
Thank you Sir. Katie grabbed her bag and scurried for the door eager to be out of the stifling classroom.
Miss Thomas? 

Katie stopped in her tracks and turned to look at her teacher. He was still sat at his desk, holding up her phone. How could she have forgotten that? She walked back to the desk and meekly reached for her phone aware of the teacher&#8217;s judgemental look.

Thank you Sir.

Mr Marinov simply shook his head and Katie wasted no more time in exiting the room. She had other classes to get to, each one as important as the next and each one requiring her full attention.

*

Finally she was home. The afternoon had been a difficult one. She had done her best to focus on her lessons, and she had managed to curb her erotic imaginings, but her shoulders had begun to ache and she couldn&#8217;t help but spend time thinking about the dull pain in her back instead of the lessons she was being taught.

She had her exercises and she had to walk Max, but soon she would have a little time to relax. She needed just a few minutes to wind down. She had been working so hard at her routine these last few days and it had paid off. She hadn&#8217;t lost a minute all week. She was so close to being allowed to have Miranda as a friend. 

Katie hurried up the stairs eager to&nbsp; 


Hello Kitty.

Katie fell to the floor with a strangled gurgle, one hand clutching her chest, the other thrust out before her as if to fend off an unwanted blow. Holy fuck! Her heart hammered in her chest with machine-gun haste. The young girl lay on the floor, slackjawed and wide-eyed, her nudity not even registering through the sudden shock. Lauren was here, in her room. How? Lauren was here. Her owner was here. The thought finally penetrated the haze of her fright: her owner was here. 

Katie scrambled to her knees and crawled forward to kiss the top of Lauren&#8217;s sneakers. She moved back and knelt as she had been taught, a joyous smile brightening her pretty face. She still felt as if some giant hand had squeezed her heart but the initial scare was wearing off. Her owner was here. The realisation kept rolling around and around her brain like a huge snowball, absorbing any stray thought that got in its way. She couldn&#8217;t wipe the inane grin from her face but she still wondered just how Lauren had come to be in her room. 

Don&#8217;t just sit there pussywhistle, you have exercises to finish, Lauren said, patting her on the head as she made her way to Katie&#8217;s bed.

Katie sprang to her feet and threw herself into the remainder of her exercises. She made sure to count each rep out loud, sneaking looks at her owner just to make sure she was really there. Lauren had obviously run from school. She was dressed in the small shorts and t-shirt that she always ran in. But how had she got inside the house. Katie was sure she had locked the door behind her. Redvelvetlines had not been logged in when she turned on her computer and started her cam, but that happened every now and then. She now thought back to all those times and wondered if those absences meant anything. 

Katie hurried through the final set eager to get to her owner. Lauren had laid across her bed, propped up on her elbows, legs dangling over the edge. She still had her shoes on and their presence haunted the young girl. She knew they needed to be removed. A slight twinge spiked between her shoulders as she raised herself from the floor. She gasped out her &#8216;Kitty wants to please&#8217; and plunged back into the final rep. The sharp pinch in her back was there again and she was glad her exercises were over. 
The moment she finished her last exercise, Katie knelt as gracefully as she could before the pretty girl upon whom her very existence now revolved. 

May I remove your shoes, Miss?
Good girl, came the soft sigh of response from the reclining girl.

Katie took that as permission to proceed and gently unlaced each sneaker before tenderly slipping Lauren&#8217;s feet from the sweaty confines of each well-worn shoe. She removed the small ankle socks, rolling each one and placing it neatly in the discarded shoe before covering each moist foot in tiny kisses, her soft lips absorbing the radiating warmth as they pressing lovingly against her owner&#8217;s flesh. She could taste the sweat with each kiss, the salty flavour causing her lips to tingle. She was still short of breath from her exercises but she tried her best to control her breathing and serve her owner as she deserved. She was sure her owner didn&#8217;t want her puffing all over her. 

Lauren lay back on the bed, settling in amongst the soft, downy coverlet. She smiled indulgently as Katie&#8217;s tongue snuck between her parted lips, tasting her skin. This girl was something special. The look on her face had been priceless, and she giggled again at the memory. She had stood in the doorway for more than a minute watching her girl diligently progress through her afternoon exercises. She had removed her school clothes and sat placed them carefully on the bed, folded even though they were destined for the washing basket. Lauren reached over and picked up the small baby-blue panties Katie had worn that day and inspected the crotch. She could see the evidence of the schoolgirl&#8217;s arousal, despite Katie&#8217;s attempts to clean them. It wasn&#8217;t something she had specifically told the young girl to do and Lauren was fascinated by her attempts to erase any sign of her sexual discharge. Lauren was sure that the fact that she seemed to love the taste of her own pussy played no small part.

Still, her fear of discovery was charming. Lauren knew Katie felt conflicted, she could see it in her body language, in the adorable blushes that coloured her cheeks at the slightest of provocations. They had talked about her being a slut, and she knew that her girl had been sincere in her acceptance, after all her own body reinforced what Lauren had guessed. She accepted and yet she couldn&#8217;t reconcile who she was with who she thought she was. Katie was fascinating: her ready submission, her adorable ignorance of the world, her charming naivety, her passion was quick to rise and slow to fall. Most of all though, Lauren was taken by the look of utter devotion that she occasionally caught flashing across the young girl&#8217;s face. It was not something she had expected and she wasn&#8217;t sure how to feel about it. The thrill of excitement she felt each time she saw it sent a surge of warmth through her chest and between her legs. 

Right now though the warmth she felt was for a different reason. Her gentle moan had been the only prompt Katie had needed and Lauren now fought to remain still as the naked schoolgirl&#8217;s tongue slid along the arch of her foot. Katie was bathing her feet, licking every surface, removing the sweat from her recent run. This was something she could so very easily get used to, and, if she had her way, she would. As much as she wanted to stay here all afternoon, languishing in the sensual attention of her slave, she had organised this surprise visit for a purpose. Her girl needed looking after too.

Enough, my sexy little slut. You like licking my feet don&#8217;t you?
Yes Miss, Katie said, still somewhat breathlessly.
So how did your detention go today?
Um okay, I um, Katie said, struggling to string the words together. The carefully prepared speech she had devised on the bus ride home, deserted her now. 
Kitty, Lauren said, leaning forward, a sudden menace in her tone.

Katie bit her lip and looked up at her owner, knowing that she needed to compose herself. She wasn&#8217;t doing it on purpose, she just got so flustered sometimes, especially when she had to talk about being naughty. She looked into Lauren&#8217;s eyes, the pale-blue orbs penetrating into the very depths of her. She felt oddly calm as she braced for the slap she expected to come. Katie was surprised as, instead of the sharp sting in her cheek, she felt her lover&#8217;s lips press gently against her forehead.

Kitty, tell me about your detention.
I had to write lines, one hundred lines, on the blackboard, in chalk, Katie began, quickly realising she was sounding inane. She took a deep breath, focusing on the lingering caress of her lover&#8217;s lips. I only wrote down 60 lines so I have to do them all again tonight. All one hundred.
And your shoulders are a little sore?
Yeah, how did
Nevermind Kitty. Go and get a towel and lay it down on the bed. Hurry up now, Lauren urged, sending the nude teen on her way with a playful smack on her bottom. 

Katie hurried from the room in a state of confusion. She was ecstatic at seeing her owner, the joy she felt barely able to be contained in her petite frame, but why was she here? How was she here? She had run there, that much was obvious but still, Katie couldn&#8217;t understand the presence of the person she most wanted to see in the world. It was like a dream come true, as clich as that sounded.

She hurried into the hall and retrieved a towel, oblivious to the reason. She was beyond thinking now. Lauren had told her what to do and she obeyed. She would do anything to please her owner, anything to keep her here. Towel in hand Katie scurried back into her bedroom. She stopped in her tracks in the doorway, the white towel hugged to her chest.

Lauren was naked, her clothes strewn on the floor. Almost without thought, Katie moved collect the discarded clothes but her need to be with her owner was stronger. She walked past the hastily strewn shorts and presented the towel, sinking to her knees as she had been taught. Lauren smiled at the gesture, proud of her slave for remembering her training. 

Katie watched intently as Lauren took the towel and shook it out over the bed. Her hungry eyes roved across Lauren&#8217;s body unwilling to miss a second of beauty that mesmerised her. She yearned to reach out and cup those small breasts, longed to run her thumb across the tiny pink nipples.&nbsp; So absorbed was the young girl in her visual feast that she almost missed Lauren&#8217;s cue.

Her owner had snapped her fingers and flicked her hand towards the bed. Katie moved forward obediently, crawling onto the bed and situating herself in the centre of the spread towel. She remained on her hands and knees, waiting for Lauren to tell her what to do. She was aware of her position and she begged to feel her lover&#8217;s caress.

Lie down pussywhistle. On your front, I know what you want, cheeky. But I know what you need too. Now you hush and let your owner make it all better.

Katie lay down as instructed, allowing Lauren to position her arms by her sides. She blushed a little as her legs were pushed together, a gentle smack on her bottom letting her know that her owner knew what she had been doing. Obviously her pussy wasn&#8217;t to be the focus of whatever it was that was about to happen. She couldn&#8217;t hide her disappointment, not from herself, and it seemed not from her owner. She was, however, simply glad that Lauren was here. She still couldn&#8217;t quite believe it but she wasn&#8217;t going to look a gift horse in the mouth.

A little drink before we start. Head this way Kitty.

Katie turned her head to face into the room and was greeted by her bottle inches from her face. She parted her lips and accepted the small plastic nipple into her mouth, wasting no time in drawing forth the liquid from her bottle. She looked into Lauren&#8217;s eyes as she drank, pressing down on the nipple with her lips to open the tiny break in the tip. She couldn&#8217;t help the surge of heat that blazed in her cheeks. She never could, but especially not now. There was something strangely comforting about being fed like this but at the same time it made her feel so small. She felt the gentle thrill in her belly as she saw Lauren&#8217;s crooked smile. She was pleasing her owner and Lauren&#8217;s happiness meant everything to her. 

Good girl, Lauren said, pushing the young girl&#8217;s beautiful black hair behind her ear. Katie&#8217;s eyes sparkled at her owner&#8217;s words, her subservience keenly felt as she suckled at her lover&#8217;s hand. Let&#8217;s see if we can&#8217;t work some of those kinks out my little slut.

Lauren removed the bottle from Katie&#8217;s mouth and climbed up on the bed, straddling the prone schoolgirl. Katie felt the heat of her lover&#8217;s sex press against her buttocks and sighed at the sensation. She tensed at the first, cool touch but immediately relaxed as Lauren&#8217;s hands began to slide across her back. She could smell the oil that coated her owner&#8217;s hands and moaned in delight as the massage commenced. 

Katie was soon lost in a world of sensual relaxation, a world in which she was happy to lose herself, if only for a short while. Lauren&#8217;s hands worked deftly across her back, kneading the tired muscles in her shoulders. Katie was soon moaning at her lover&#8217;s touch, the aches caused by her detention slowly draining away. She had never had a massage before and had never imagined they could feel this way.

She could feel her muscles unknotting, relaxing a little more with each insistent motion. She groaned loudly when Lauren changed tack and began pressing her thumbs forcefully into the muscles. Katie felt as if she was melting under her owner&#8217;s strong hands. She could feel her hard nipples pressed into the rough towel beneath, her body responding to the attention of her lover.

Katie knew her pussy had started creaming long ago. She could feel the familiar pulsing deep inside her, her pussy forcing her thick cream down her wet canal. Could she orgasm from a massage? She would have to make sure she didn&#8217;t get carried away. Lauren was here to look after her, to make sure her property was in good condition. Her owner wasn&#8217;t here so she could indulge herself.

Katie sighed into the bed and allowed every last remnant of the tension she felt, flow from her body. Lauren sensed it too, keenly away of the reactions of the body beneath her. She raised herself to her knees and moved to one side, sliding her hands into the small of Katie&#8217;s back, pressing her thumbs along her spine, her fingers fanned out to either side, rubbing the soft skin of the young girl&#8217;s flank.

With each downward motion Lauren moved her hands a little lower, pressing all the way to Katie&#8217;s neck and back again. She had soon passed the tiny dimples in the small of her back and was gently caressing the tops of her buttocks. Katie trapped her fingers under her body, doing what she could to resist the urges that her owner&#8217;s experienced hands created within her.

Her pussy felt as if it was on fire, the heat of her passion trapped by her tightly closed legs. A number of times Lauren had gently eased them closed after they had begun to slide apart. Katie was surprised each time, complying under her owner&#8217;s touch. She had not moved her legs on purpose, she couldn&#8217;t help it. Just as she couldn&#8217;t stop the lust she felt welling inside her, she could not stop her body from seeking the pleasure her nature demanded. 

Lauren&#8217;s hands slid lower, kneading the oiled schoolgirl&#8217;s firm buttocks as if they were two large mounds of dough. She pushed them together, marvelling at the way the slippery flesh moved at her touch. 

Oh my.

Lauren pushed again, captivated by the surge of thick white liquid that pushed up between Katie&#8217;s malleable mounds. She slid her hands between each cheek and pulled them apart. Her oily fingers slipped but she had seen enough from the one brief glimpse. The slut was pumping out cream like a little dairy. The motion of her massage had forced the thick white ooze upwards. Lauren smiled as she continued to knead the bare buttocks, marvelling as more cream was drawn to the surface. 

Don&#8217;t move Kitty. You&#8217;re being a very good girl.

Lauren did not have her camera but she had the next best thing, Katie phone. She quickly grabbed it from the schoolgirl&#8217;s bag and snapped off a few shots of the cream-filled buttocks. Katie lay still, wondering just what was going on. What had Lauren&#8217;s exclamation meant? What was going on back there that was so interesting?

Pictures were fine, but what she really needed was some video. She had countless hours of her slave on webcam but it wasn&#8217;t enough. She needed something more. She couldn&#8217;t wait to spend the money Katie was making for her.

How do you feel now pussywhistle?
Wonderful Miss, I I&#8217;m so relaxed. Thank you so much, you&#8217;re amazing.
Oh Kitty, you&#8217;re so adorable. Flattery will get you nowhere but don&#8217;t ever stop trying. Ok into the shower with you before your mother comes home.

Katie oozed from the bed, glad to be led by the hand into the bathroom. Her movements were languid and liquid and grinned merrily as she squeezed her owner&#8217;s hand. This had really happened. Lauren was really here and she had just received her first massage. She would have liked to return the favour but she knew she didn&#8217;t have the skill. She wanted to do something for Lauren though. 

Kitty, hot water, silly.
Sorry Miss.

Katie hadn&#8217;t been thinking, maybe she was a little too relaxed. She had only turned on the cold water, which was her normal routine. She was going to have a lovely hot shower. She couldn&#8217;t wait to feel that soft, warm rain fall upon her body. She wasn&#8217;t so relaxed that she forgot her place however. Once the temperature was right, she knelt on the floor outside the shower, waiting upon her owner&#8217;s pleasure. 

Lauren grabbed her hair as she walked past and led the crawling schoolgirl into the shower. It was a gentle, insistent pressure that sent a thrill down her spine. Gooseflesh rippled across her body as the first drops fell upon her and she closed her eyes, luxuriating in the sensation. Katie remembered her training and took her position in the far corner, pressing her body against the still cool tiles and spreading her legs widely. She enjoyed watching Lauren turn under the falling water, her tight skin glistening as the water ran down her body in shining rivulets. 

Up Kitty. Now you know you have been a little naughty these last few days, Lauren began softly, drawing the young girl towards her and embracing her tightly. 
Sorry Miss, Katie breathed into her owner&#8217;s ear. She felt bad about her behaviour but right now all she could think about was the delicious feel of Lauren&#8217;s body. She couldn&#8217;t help herself, her owner&#8217;s presence was intoxicating.
Sorry is just a word though pussywhistle. Actions are important. You haven&#8217;t missed a minute for almost a week now. Just tomorrow and you&#8217;ll be there.
Thank you Miss.
What for?
Um, for your training, I wouldn&#8217;t have been able to be so good without it.
You&#8217;re just the sweetest slave there ever was Kitty. The fact that you are right doesn&#8217;t change that. If you are a good girl tomorrow, what are you going to do?
Um, be friends with Miranda?
Aren&#8217;t you already her friend?
Yeah but&nbsp; I mean I&#8217;ll be a better friend and be allowed to help her with looking prettier and stuff.
Tomorrow night you can write a plan for me of what you would like to do for your new friend and we can go over it together.
Ok Miss.
I wasn&#8217;t asking for your agreement Kitty. Don&#8217;t go getting all uppity with me. I&#8217;m allowing this because I think it will be good for you. The moment I feel that it&#8217;s affecting training and it ends.
Sorry Miss, I didn&#8217;t m-
Wash me Kitty.

Katie closed her mouth and set immediately to bathing her owner&#8217;s body. She was gentle and attentive, washing the taut body with relish. When Lauren was satisfied she stood back and watched her slave wash herself, smiling as Katie tried to make the act as sensual as she could. Lauren knew what she was trying to do, the little minx still trying to get her pussy seen to. She was oblivious to the cream that filled the crease between her buttocks and she imagined how the young girl would react when she saw the pictures.

Ok my little sex kitten, time we were finished. You&#8217;ve still got your homework to do and your lines. If you manage to finish everything there might just be time for a different kind of homework.

Katie felt a tingle in her belly at her owner&#8217;s innuendo. You didn&#8217;t have to be a genius to guess what that homework might be. She slipped from the shower and collected a towel for her owner. She knelt on the floor and held it out as Lauren dripping form stepped into it. She diligently dried her lover, lingering on the most intimate parts of her body. She knew she should just be drying her, but she couldn&#8217;t help herself.

Spend much more time there Kitty and you&#8217;ll only make it wetter.

Katie blushed and slipped the towel from her lover&#8217;s trim and finished drying her legs and feet. She was incorrigible. The young girl smiled at the word she had learned from her owner. She didn&#8217;t know why she blushed, she wished she didn&#8217;t. She wanted to make Lauren wet, she wanted to know that her service, her touch, her kiss, made her lover happy. She wanted to feel her, taste her. She wanted Lauren.

*

Feel better, Kitty?
Yes Miss, thank. I feel great.
Well you&#8217;re a pleasure to work on, Lauren smiled. 
Miss I, could you teach me to do that. To massage I mean.
I can and will pussywhistle. It is already part of your homework for tonight.

Katie?

Katie looked wide-eyed at her classmate. Lauren was already dressed in skirt and shirt, but she was still naked, well not totally. Lauren had ordered her to put on the pair of knee-high pink socks she had bought for her. She thought they were super-cute&nbsp; but they somehow made her feel even more naked.

Pink panties, black skirt, pink singlet.

Katie flew into motion, finding the clothes and donning them in record time. The system that Lauren had devised for her wardrobe really was brilliant. There was no way she could have ever dressed this quickly in the chaos in which she lived before. Lauren had changed her life in so many ways. Even before she had finished pulling her singlet over her head Lauren was out the door and down the stairs.

Yeah she needed a hand with some stuff so I came over to help.
You&#8217;ve done amazing things with her dear. She&#8217;s like a different girl now. She&#8217;s the same old Katie but just, I don&#8217;t know more.
It&#8217;s all a matter of training Emma.

Katie came into the kitchen as her mother and Lauren were laughing together. She had just caught the tail-end of their conversation and it made her belly twist and turn at the implications. She&#8217;d been over this a hundred times but she was hopeless. She didn&#8217;t know if she would ever shake those fearful shades of paranoia that occasionally clouded her judgement.

Speak of the devil.
Hi Mom, Katie smiled, forcing herself to forget about what she had just heard. 
You&#8217;ll stay for tea?
If it&#8217;s ok with you.
Of course dear, your parents had Katie all weekend, it&#8217;s the least we can do.
That&#8217;s something I wanted to talk to you about Emma. It&#8217;s my Auntie&#8217;s fiftieth this weekend and there&#8217;s a party at Lake Crawford. It&#8217;s not going to be huge or anything but most of my family will be there and I was wondering if Kitty could come.

This was the first Katie had heard of it and she couldn&#8217;t really focus on it now. She was distracted by Lauren calling her Kitty right to her mother&#8217;s face. She knew her mother had heard the nickname before but never this openly. She was worried about what she would think.

If it&#8217;s only going to be family
Well mostly, but people will be bringing their partners and there won&#8217;t be many people my age so it would be really good if Kitty could come.
And this is alright with your parents?
Yeah for sure. You can call them if you like.
Well I&#8217;ll see what Greg says, Katie&#8217;s mom said with a conspiratorial wink. 

Katie knew what that meant. She would be spending the weekend with Lauren at a lake. She couldn&#8217;t contain the joy she felt at the unexpected event. She bounced gently on her toes and looked at her owner. Lauren was looking at her, eyes twinkling, the crooked grin that Katie loved so much twisting her lips.

You girls run along now, it&#8217;s time I started dinner.

Katie followed her owner back up to her bedroom a little bewildered at what had just happened. She couldn&#8217;t get past the fact that she was going to be with Lauren again on the weekend, for the whole weekend, at a lake. It was like one of her daydreams but she knew, from the tingling surge of excitement in her chest, that this was the real thing.

Now little Miss Naughty, get that top off and sit at your desk. First thing we need done is your lines. Pop in to your little hidey hole, Lauren said with a giggle, and fetch me some pegs. I think you need a little aid to concentration.

Katie looked at her owner, an unspoken question in her eyes. She knew she couldn&#8217;t change Lauren&#8217;s mind but she couldn&#8217;t see how pegs on her nipples would make it any easier to finish her lines. She didn&#8217;t think they would help her to concentrate but as she knelt down on the floor before her desk, she doubted that concentration was their real purpose. 

Her owner was adding her own punishment to that of the teacher and that was something she would not even attempt to deny. The draw safely back in her desk, Katie knelt as she had been taught, the pegs offered in one of her upturned palms. 

How many pegs are in there Kitty?
Um eight Miss.
Then why are you only holding two?
I, ah, I thought that you wanted me-
Did I tell you to think slave?
No Miss, Katie said, hanging her head against the force of her owner&#8217;s disappointment.

Lauren reached down her small breasts brushing the kneeling teen&#8217;s face and lifted the black singlet up and over the young girl&#8217;s head. Katie raised her arms to allow the singlet to be removed, complying with her owner&#8217;s wishes without a word needing to be said. Her top was thrown onto the bed and she used the time to quickly move her arms back into position, placing them perfectly along her spread thighs, each upturned palm resting above a knee. 

Katie tensed as Lauren retrieved the two small pegs from her hand, lined them up with the tiny, hard tips of her breasts and simultaneously closed the small clamps. The submissive schoolgirl gazed into her lover&#8217;s eyes as the pain spiked into her breasts. 

Now what are you going to do pussywhistle?
Get the other-
No slave, what are you going to do now? Lauren reiterated, leaning close, her nose almost touching the confused teen&#8217;s. Katie tried to think but the closeness of her owner, the warm breath that caressed her lips, made her brain feel like mush. After a second that felt like an age, her epiphany struck.
I&#8217;m going to do as I&#8217;m told Miss.
Good girl, Lauren said happily, patting Katie on the head. Now fetch all your pegs and present them to me. 
Yes Miss.

The rapid confusion of emotions that surged through the subservient teen flashed across her face. She was joyous at the praise but demeaned by the manner in which it was given. She cherished any touch of Lauren&#8217;s but the pat on the head, as if she was a dog made her feel her submission all the keener. She knew Lauren was better than her in every way but at times like this she questioned why Lauren wanted her. She wasn&#8217;t worthy of her owner&#8217;s love, she simply wasn&#8217;t good enough for her.

Katie was back in position, pegs in hand in no time. She looked meekly up at Lauren, basking in the slim teen&#8217;s beauty. The pain in her nipples had never left her but somehow the sight of her lover made it more bearable. Now that her ordeal was set, all she wanted was for it to be over. She wanted the pegs on her breasts, to be sat at her desk and writing her lines. 

She did not have long to wait for her wish to be fulfilled. Without a word, Lauren took the offered pegs and, one by one, closed them over the soft meat of the young girl&#8217;s breasts. Katie grunted as the wooden teeth pinched her sensitive flesh. Her eyes never left the face of her owner, a spike of pleasure matching the pain each time Lauren deigned to look at her and their eyes met. She counted as the pegs were applied, looking down only when all eight were firmly clasped on her tender mounds.

Up, Lauren commanded indicating the chair in front of her desk. Katie obeyed, moaning as the pegs shook and rattled as she moved. The clatter of the wooden clamps was loud in the quiet room, each noise heralding a fresh pinch of pain. The clamps were arrayed chaotically around her nipples, the lions share being reserved for the gentle curves underneath the small pink buds.

Pen. Paper, Lauren said, placing each object on the table before her. One hundred lines before dinner, if you haven&#8217;t completed them by then. We will have to start over. Begin.

Katie wasted no time, pen to paper and the first line finished in no time. She would need to keep up a good speed if she was to make the deadline she knew Lauren would enforce. She was writing fast, but she was being careful too. The pegs hurt a little more with each passing moment and she needed them to come off as soon as possible. It was much easier to write on paper than on the blackboard and she thought, as she completed her tenth line, that she was sure to please her owner.

Soon after, she was startled by a gentle touch. She had been conscious of the presence of her lover, it was not something she could ever forget, but she had been trying to focus all her attention on the task. Her mind had drifted once or twice, wondering what Lauren was doing but the start of a new sentence always brought her back.

Katie continued to write but leaned her head back into the touch. Lauren gathered the young girl&#8217;s ebony locks and began to run her fingers through her hair, from scalp to tip. Katie nibbled her lip as the pleasure of her owner&#8217;s action flowed through her body. The sharp pain in her breasts continued to mount but she no longer thought about it, focusing instead on wonderful sensation her lover provided. 

The petite teen&#8217;s body and mind were under assault, pain and pleasure mingling as she tried desperately to keep her attention on the job at hand. She had to remember that the pain she was feeling was a punishment for her poor behaviour and the pleasure she was feeling was simply a byproduct of an activity that Lauren enjoyed. She knew her owner loved to play with her hair and was not surprised when, after a momentary pause, she felt her brush scrape against her scalp.

She had filled a page but had lost count of what she had accomplished. A quick count revealed 32 lines to a page. A quick glance at the clock on the computer revealed that she was on track to make her owner happy. 

Up, Kitty.

Katie put down the pen and stood up, unsure what Lauren had in mind. She had been doing so well, if she had kept going at the same pace she would have finished with time to spare. She couldn&#8217;t get frustrated though, this was her owner&#8217;s will. That was easier said than done though. She knew she shouldn&#8217;t put she couldn&#8217;t help the feeling from creeping in.

Step out a little, now bend over. At the waist, that&#8217;s right, good girl. Keep those legs straight, a little wider. That&#8217;s my pretty Kitty. Now to your lines.

Katie rested her left elbow on the table and picked up exactly where she had left off. Her hair cascaded to either side of her face like a thin black curtain, creating a border around the white page upon which she wrote. It was silly but she felt terribly vulnerable in this position. She was wearing panties but somehow that didn&#8217;t seem to matter. The pegs hung from her pendant breasts, jiggling slightly as she wrote each line. She couldn&#8217;t wait until they were removed, even though she knew that would be terribly painful, moreso than anything she was currently feeling.

Lauren sat back on Katie&#8217;s chair and looked between the young girl&#8217;s legs. A prominent line of darker material indicated the slut&#8217;s arousal. The panties hadn&#8217;t been on that long and she had already wet them, her sexual discharge always able to be relied upon. Lauren smiled, amazed by the sensual slut that stood before her. Even standing like this, her entire focus on writing her lines as quickly and accurately as she could, the pretty teen exuded sexuality. 

She knew she should let the poor girl see to her task, but Lauren could not resist the delectable display on offer before her. She owned this girl, she was hers to do with as she pleased. If she failed it would be through no fault but her own, she had lessons to learn and they wouldn&#8217;t always be easy.

Katie&#8217;s fingers tensed around the pen at the sudden touch between her legs but she did not stop writing. Lauren pressed two fingers gently against the panty-clad mound, sliding them slowly along the dark pink line of dampness until she reached her goal. She pushed with her fingertips, smiling as the material sank inward, the wet mark deepening instantly. That was the cream the little slut produced in such copious amounts. Lauren would never tire of it, especially as it was a source for much of Katie&#8217;s sexual self-consciousness.

Lauren left her girl to complete her lines in silence, taking in the rest of the petite schoolgirl&#8217;s body. The position she was in, made her thighs smooth and taught. Lauren ran her fingers slowly upwards from the knee, smiling widely as the young girl&#8217;s body quivered beneath her touch. 

How many lines Kitty?
Sixty-one, Miss, Katie whispered, her voice breathy and filled with lust.
Be good while I&#8217;m gone. If you finish before I get back, you can start your maths homework.
Yes Miss.

Katie heard Lauren leave the room, closing the door behind her. A sickening sensation began to grow in the pit of her stomach. The door could not be locked from the outside. Lauren had left and now the door was unlocked while she was wearing nothing but a pair of small pink panties and eight pegs clamped to her breasts. She knew her mother was home, but she would at least be busy with dinner, but her father was sure to be home by now as well. 

She had to stop writing for a moment, to collect herself and combat the fear that was threatening to debilitate her. No one was going to come in. Lauren would keep them busy, she wouldn&#8217;t let her be seen this way. There was nothing she could do but finish her lines. She was momentarily thankful for the pegs and the pain they brought her. It helped to get her mind back on track and her focus where it should be. 

Ninety-nine. One hundred. The bent schoolgirl took a hurried minute to double-check her work, hunting for mistakes, those tiny missteps that could lead to disaster. Confident there were none, a tiny flush of pride at the discovery, Katie put the pages aside and wondered briefly what she should do. The pegs on her breasts had become terribly painful, each tiny movement sending fresh spikes of torment through her chest.

How long was Lauren going to be? Every second that passed left her more vulnerable. She was wearing only panties and the infernal wooden clamps. There was no way that she could do anything but be caught out if the door was opened. She was too far from any cover and there was no chance of her hiding the bondage in which her owner had placed her.

Lauren had instructed her to continue with her homework so that was all she could do. She walked carefully to her school bag and retrieved her notepad and texts. She tried to step with as little force as she could, steeping toe first, almost prancing to the other side of the room, trying desperately to keep her breasts still. She was mostly successful though the pegs still wobbled. She was sure even Lauren&#8217;s cat-like grace would not have helped.

Maths homework first, she thought. It was something she had to really think about and hopefully it would help take her mind off the pain in her breasts. It wasn&#8217;t all that bad, she admitted, it was just that it was constant. She wasn&#8217;t sure when it would end, but she knew that when it did the pain would only get worse before it got better. Maybe only for a moment, but she remembered the intense spike of agony the removal of any kind of clamp brought.

Her next big decision: should she sit or remain standing, bent over her desk in the position Lauren had left her. Was it really a decision at all? Katie spread out her books on her desk and shuffled backwards, getting into position once more. She bent at the waist, shifting her legs a little wider, sticking her ass out into the room. It wasn&#8217;t the most comfortable of positions but it wasn&#8217;t too bad. She rested her elbow carefully on the desktop, making sure she didn&#8217;t accidentally brush against the pegs poking out from the tender mounds that hung like ripe fruit from her chest.

She had only completed two problems when she heard a noise at the door. Every muscle in her body tensed and her heart hammered in her chest. She looked back at the door, the rest of her body remaining in position. If it wasn&#8217;t her owner, she was finished anyway. She held her breath and squeezed her pen in a vice-like grip.

Lauren walked through the door and, without a word, Katie went back to her homework, the amazing, liberating sensation of relief flooding through her body. She had never been happier to see her owner and she smiled crazily as she worked on her next math problem. She pushed her bottom out a little more when she felt a warm caress slide teasingly across her panty covered mound. The spike of desire that shot into her belly made her weak at the knees and it was all she could do to stay standing.

Finished your lines then Kitty?
Yes Miss.
Well, let&#8217;s see them. Keep working. Dinner will be ready soon and you have a lot to do and little time to do it.

Lauren took the offered sheets of paper and sat down behind Katie, observing the growing patch of dark, damp material in the crotch of the young girl&#8217;s panties. Her lips twisted in an indulgent smile, revelling once more in the beauty of her toy. The girl was amazing, there wasn&#8217;t any other word for it. She was hard on her, she knew, but it was for her own good. And just look at the results!

Lines, she had her job to do as well. Owning a slave and keeping her in check was a lot of work, especially if you wanted to train her right. Lauren had no intention of taking Katie&#8217;s training anything less than 100% seriously. She only expected the same commitment from her property. 

Good girl, Kitty. One hundred lines completed. Would you like those pegs off those pretty titties now?
Yes please Miss, if you think I deserve to, Katie replied, her answer well prepared for the question she had expected.
Ok cuteness, come over here. Kneel. Hands up and out, good girl.

Katie lifted her hands high, keeping her palms up to receive each peg as it was removed. She tried not to tense but she knew what was coming. She winced, but did not close her eyes, as Lauren&#8217;s hand reached for the first peg. She switched her gaze from her lover&#8217;s hand to her face, wanting the distraction of her classmate&#8217;s beauty to help distract her from the coming pain.

The kneeling teen gasped as the first peg was removed, its sharp wooden teeth leaving behind a dark purple imprint on the soft meat of her breast. She let out her breath in a slowly, a high-pitched squeal accompanying the exhalation. She hissed through clenched teeth as the second peg was removed. A peg was placed in each hand, allowing Lauren to begin removing the second pair.

As the wicked clamps were removed, Katie found it harder and harder to curb the agony that radiated from her abused flesh. She was soon grunting with each removal, a deep, guttural sound. She looked intently at her owner, staring deeply into the incredibly pale blue eyes. A small jolt of electricity, separate from any sensation of pain she was feeling, shot through her body each time her eyes met those of her owner.

Soon all eight pegs rested in two neat lines in her upturned palms. She wanted desperately to touch her breasts, to gently knead the painful flesh. Instead she remained obediently in position, watching Lauren pleadingly, willing her silent wish to her owner. 

Kitty, you know why you wore the pegs don&#8217;t you?
Yes Miss.
You know that you had to wear them don&#8217;t you?
Yes Miss.
Good girl. You know I can&#8217;t have a misbehaving slave. I don&#8217;t want to punish you Kitty.
I know Miss, I&#8217;m sorry. I won&#8217;t do it again.
You know it&#8217;s not just that you have to be punished for being naughty, but it means that the rewards that a good girl might earn simply aren&#8217;t allowed. It would be nice for you to eat my pussy but you just haven&#8217;t earned that reward.

Katie eyes widened. She hadn&#8217;t realised that her punishments could be like this. Her behaviour was affecting her owner in ways she hadn&#8217;t expected. She knew Lauren loved having her pussy eaten and because of her she had to be denied that pleasure. Katie understood but she found it hard to accept. She tried to blink away the tears, wanting to be strong, but she couldn&#8217;t stop the emotions that overwhelmed her.

Now Kitty, it&#8217;s not a time for tears, as pretty as they are. You simply have to work harder to improve. That&#8217;s only right isn&#8217;t it?
Yes Miss, I&#8217;ll work harder.
I know you will. Now come and give me a kiss.

Katie raised herself on her knees and tilted her face upwards. Lauren placed her hands around her neck and kissed away her tears before finding her eagerly parted lips. Katie tasted the salty moisture on her lover&#8217;s lips, closing her eyes and losing herself in the tender kiss. This wasn&#8217;t a reward, she didn&#8217;t deserve one, it was just Lauren showing her love, letting her know that she might be naughty but she was still Lauren&#8217;s. 

My, just look at that, Lauren remarked, sitting back to look over the half-naked schoolgirl. Let&#8217;s see if I can&#8217;t do something about that before you get back to work.

Katie grimaced ever-so-slightly as her owner reached towards her chest. Each tender mound was gently cupped in one of her lover&#8217;s warm hands. Lauren began to knead the sensitive flesh of her breasts, slowly and tenderly, her fingers working over the tiny indentations left by the pegs. Katie moaned under the attention of her owner, the experienced hands knowing when and where to touch. 

This was exactly what she had wanted. Lauren was amazing. It was as if she had read her mind. Katie closed her eyes as the pain at first intensified but soon ebbed as her owner&#8217;s loving touch eased the hurt in her firm flesh. 

Ok my little sex kitten, singlet on and back to work. What did you start on?
Maths Miss.
What else do you have?
The chapters for English are due tomorrow and I have an economics assignment but it isn&#8217;t due until next week.
If you finish your maths before dinner we&#8217;ll have a break. They all have to be right though Kitty. You know I won&#8217;t have a slave with poor grades. I know how smart you are so I see you working below your potential and there&#8217;ll be trouble. Do you know why my little slut?
Um, because it&#8217;s disrespectful for a slave not to do their best for their owner?
Good girl, Lauren said, her face lighting up with a joy-filled smile. 

Katie&#8217;s body felt charged with energy. She smiled back at her owner, the bliss that rushed through her making her feel as if she was about to float to the ceiling. She loved Lauren more in that moment than anything else in the world. The power of the emotion scared her a little, but the sparkle in those hauntingly pale eyes comforted her.&nbsp; Lauren had so many smiles but it was this one, filled with unrestrained joy, that affected her the most. And it had been because of her. She had to do more, she had to make her owner smile like that again. She needed it like a drug.

Move it, Kitty.

Katie scrambled to her feet, still grinning madly. She quickly pulled the small singlet over her head and covered her breasts, still showing the aftereffects of her recent punishment. She hurriedly leant over the desk and resumed her maths homework, aware that her owner was sat behind her with a perfect view of her bottom and pussy.

Lauren sat and simply watched the plump mound that her slave presented. She had been about to order her to sit, knowing it would be easier to complete her homework if she was a little more comfortable, but this was a sight she simply could not pass up. She stared at the taut thighs, the firm buttocks and the prominent labia that filled out the tiny panties so enticingly. 

Katie&#8217;s pussy was something incredibly special. She couldn&#8217;t have hoped for something so different, so perfect. Her slave&#8217;s pussy was everything hers was not and she wouldn&#8217;t change a thing. She ached to see those fat lips, the sticky white liquid she knew would be oozing between them. Even the delicate pink colour of the pretty schoolgirl&#8217;s vulva was perfect, a beautiful contrast to the alabaster surrounds. And now that crazy thicket had been removed She couldn&#8217;t ask for anything more.

Right now, though, was not the time. She had no need to rush anything with this girl. She had no plans to relinquish her property. She had spent so long and so much effort to obtain her, even more to train her. She had only just begun.

*

Miss I have finished.
Well aren&#8217;t you the fast worker. Start reading your chapters while I check your work. Over here Kitty. Sit right here, Lauren ordered, indicating the space between her legs.

Katie grabbed her maths work and her book and crawled as sensuously as she could to her owner. She handed over her maths homework and looked at her owner&#8217;s barely parted legs. She couldn&#8217;t fit between them as they were. What exactly was she supposed to do?







 




Been good though, miranda


 







6:00am Wake and rise
6:01am Warm-up exercises
6:30am Morning run
7.00am Cooldown &#8211; Attention
7:10am Shower
7:15am Pussy - Clit
7:20am Dress
7:25am Breakfast
7:35am Ready for school
7:45am School Bus
8:10am Arrive at School
8:15am Report to locker
8:30am Begin school
SCHOOL
3:00pm School Bus
3:30pm Warm-up exercises
4:00pm Pussy &#8211; Clit
4:05pm Walk Max
4:45pm Report dinner &#8211; School homework until dinner prep
7:00pm Blog
7:30pm Homework Task 1
8:30pm Homework Task 2
9:00pm Shower
9:05pm Bed








Sees Louise in the hallway on the way to class and the memory of the weekend practice and the thick black triangle covering her sex flooded her mind. 

She thought about her bare sex, exposed under the short skirt she wore, open to the air. The freedom was exciting but it was tinged with fear, an unsettling conflict that kept her thoughts in constant motion. 

She finds the bus fare in her locker, Lauren must have slipped it through the vent.

Work &#8211; jean notices something is wrong and asks, talks to jean about detention, sorry for letting her down, gets upset. Jean says she is being silly, really is very sweet. She eats her salad from lunchtime, it is soggy and not very appetising but she wolfs it down in the few minutes she is allowed in the food court. She&#8217;d love a coke to add a little flavour but doesn&#8217;t have any money so just drinks from a fountain instead. Feels lonely eating alone, thinks of Lauren, heart constricts. Can&#8217;t resist and sends a text to her owner, saying how sorry she is, please don&#8217;t be made with me. I know I should be punished. Waits expectantly for an answer but none comes. Donut boys watching her, dreads closing time.

Home &#8211; really busy night at the shop and didn&#8217;t have a chance to pee, wanted to work hard to make it up to jean. Needs to go when she gets home but it is outside the permitted time so she dons the shirt she has kept hidden beneath her bottom drawer. Tight shirt, yellow and far too small. It doesn&#8217;t even cover her breasts fully stretching across them, the curve of their underside visible beneath. The words may I pee are stencilled in thick, black letters across the front of the shirt and Katie must sit in the chair naked but for the tiny garment and wait. She sits as still as she can, waiting for Lauren to acknowledge her. She doesn&#8217;t even know if lauren is home, but the rules are clear. After ten minutes she thinks it would have been better just to go, Lauren wouldn&#8217;t have known. It was too late now though. 

After twenty minutes of silence, she becomes emotional, sure that lauren is still angry and is punishing her. Tears form and she allows them to run down her cheeks, fearful of breaking position. Minutes later her father knocks on the door to see if she wanted a drink or anything before bed. Katie looks at the baby bottle on her desk but does not respond, wondering if she was allowed to do so. Her father asks again and she decides she has to answer. Almost on cue, Lauren gives her permission to pee. She hurriedly takes the small shirt off, hides it, dresses and rushes to the bathroom. 

http://lazerou.blogspot.com.au/





























Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Garmonbozia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





