BDSM Library - A Wiry Dream




A Wiry Dream
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A fantasy of bondage and pain filled orgasms written for a fictitious lover






You're laying face down on a padded horizontal platform that extends from your forehead down to your hips. It is suspended a few feet off the floor by a chain at each corner and you are strapped securely to it by wide straps across your hips, the small of your back and one directly behind your breasts. Those lovely breasts are hanging through two perfectly placed holes in the platform. Your legs are hanging off the end and bent double around a spreader bar with your ankles strapped to your slender thighs. A strap through each your knees, hooked to the ends of the bar, hold them about 20 inches apart, leaving about 8 inches of bar protruding on each side. Your wrists are also cuffed and secured by short chains to the strap across your shoulder blades, leaving you quite helpless and exposed. Small ribbons are tied around the base of each nipple keeping them semi erect and sensitive. Directly below each nipple secured to a second stationary platform is a wire brush with the tips of the center row of stiff bristles just lightly touching the very tips of your nipples. If you move in the slightest, your platform will swing on its chains and the tips of your nipples will brush ever so lightly over the wiry bristle tips. If your nipples swell with arousal, the light brushing will become light scratching as the contact is increased. To make things even more interesting, each row of bristles on each brush is electrified with the opposite charge of the row on either side of it. If you stay still or swing very straight front to back, you will only feel the bristles but if you swing sideways the slightest, your nipples will contact adjacent rows and tiny sparks will tingle from each bristle tip to your sensitive peaks. 
Centered behind your spread legs, a rigid upright pole stands about 4 inches away from your open pussy lips. Mounted on a hinge on the front of the pole is a 6 inch sharply curved vibrating dildo. Although the base of it is horizontal, it is curved enough that tip almost points towards the floor. Only a small amount of the tip is inside you and its hinge is precisely placed so if you swing back onto it, because of the curve of it, the tip will swing down into your G-spot. The harder you swing back onto it, the harder the vibrating tip will press your G-spot flesh into the platform you are secured to. If you swing too hard, however, it will slide right out on the forward swing. The hinge is stiff enough to hold the dildo in position so that the tip of it will rub and vibrate the base of your clit on the way out and again the other way on the way back in. There is one other little surprise too. Mounted on the front of pole, just below the dildo is another electrified wire brush with the pointy bristles pointing towards you. If you swing back far enough to get more than very light contact between the dildo tip and your G-spot, the wire tips will not only poke but also send little shock waves into your swollen clit and fleshy hood. Also, if you swing your doubled legs backwards in an attempt to move yourself back onto the pleasure stick, the spreader bar will hit the rigid pole and actually push you forward. Isn't that diabolical? :D 
And so you hang ... Smoldering ... Wanting desperately to swing backwards but afraid to swing too far. The slight motion of your indecision is teasing your nipples and they begin to swell more, making matters worse. As you are lost in your world of sensation, my hand suddenly smacks down hard on your left ass cheek! Instinctively, your legs jerk backwards, the spreader bar hits the pole and your swing lurches forward, taking you along for the ride. The dildo pulls clear by at least an inch and your nipples are raking across the electrified wire tips. I lightly rub circles on your reddened cheek as you swing back hard onto the vibrator until the wire brush behind you makes hard contact. The stinging wire points and the shocks they carry make your legs swing back hard again. You swing forward again ... A little further this time. The vibrating tip drags along your clit as your nipples feel their scratchy stimulation again. Once again you swing back hard and this time my timing is perfect. As you hit the wire brush and the teasing dildo tip buries itself in your G-spot, my hand comes down hard on your right cheek. I continue to rub light circles while you swing back and forth a few times then smack your left cheek again ... at the front of your swing this time to interrupt your building rhythm. You start to swing a little sideways and you concentrate to try to get your rhythm back, knowing it will be a devilish mix of pleasure and pain; never knowing when my hand will strike again. How long do you think you would last before going a little crazy? Lol. 

You swing continuously for what seems like an eternity to you. Your gorgeous ass cheeks are turning quite red from my repeated smacks . some in rhythm, some breaking your rhythm. You're panting and moaning as you struggle for much needed release. You are sooo close to orgasm you are begging me to finish you. As you start to shake, I place my hands on your ass cheeks and push you forward clear of all the stimulating touches. You whine and beg as I hold you still while your orgasm slowly subsides to your cursing frustration. I didn't know I was that kind of a bastard! '-) When your shaking finally stops, I release my hands and let you swing back onto all that stimulation again. You squeal as the vibe plunges deep into that special spot, the stinging bristles on the pole sending fiery shocks into your tender love button.&nbsp; Gasping in pain and pleasure, you struggle once again to gain some rhythm to build your rising desire. You swing and smolder, your nipples are or fire from the combination of swelling arousal, the pressure of the ribbons around their bases and the constant scratching and sparking the wiry bristles have been providing. Heat radiates from your ass from the repeated spanking and rubbing. Sensation overload is the best way to describe your clit, hood, pussy lips and G-spot. Orgasm approaches ever so slowly as the stimulation, bordering on over stimulation, and the intermittent "pain" impedes its onslaught. My hand rises, falls and rubs relentlessly on your reddened rounded cheeks. You begin to shake, gasp and almost convulse and I know you are very near the peak. Standing behind you, I reach under you, curl my fingers around your dangling breasts and squeeze as I pull you back firmly to the end of the swing's arc. The vibrating tip buries itself deep inside you as it presses your sensitive flesh tightly against the platform beneath you. The wiry points below it nearly puncture the thin skin enveloping the swollen flesh that dances as the current pulses through it. Holding you in position, I work your nipples side to side over the brushes, the squeezing pressure making them stand out even further and harder. Your whole body is racked by tremors as you ride the explosion ripping through you. You're gasping for breath and your mind is swimming in a world of sensation. As this wave of orgasmic convulsions subsides, I release my grasp and allow you to swing once more. You whimper as you realize its not over and you swing back to the wires again. All that sensitive flesh is hyper sensitive now and you can almost feel the tip of every bristle as they attend to their torturous task. In mere moments, you're again shaking and shivering as a second explosion approaches. This time, just as you're ready to peak, I quickly remove the pole behind you and drop the brushes away from your nipples. You're left hanging in mid air with nothing left to stimulate you over the edge. The cursing is accompanied by begging this time and punctuated by panting, whimpering and moaning. Pulling a stool up behind you, I sit down so my face is directly behind your spread cheeks and you can feel my breath in your engorged pussy lips. Very gently, I run my tongue lightly up the rim of one lip and down the other, stopping just short of your swollen clit to repeat the motion in reverse several times. Deliberately avoiding your aching clit, I suck hard on each lip in turn, pulling them entirely into my mouth and adding to their already puffy swelling. You moan and writhe as much as your bonds will allow, swinging your bent legs back and forth. I have anticipated this so I pick up two short lengths of rope I have prepared, reach under you and slip a noose around the base of each breast. The other end of each rope, I loop around the ends of the spreader bar, pulling your knees forward as far as I can before tying them off.&nbsp; Now if you try to swing your legs back, the ropes will pull on your bulging breasts. Once again I face your pussy, blowing lightly as I move in closer. You gasp sharply as I lightly flick my tongue back and forth over the tip of your clit. My tongue moves side to side rapidly as it glides off the tip, up to the base of your button and into your slit. Reaching the top of the opening, I start my slow return decent, darting side to side the entire way. At the bottom, I lick around your clit a few times before moving up a little to suck first one and then the other labia into my mouth again, sucking and nibbling for several seconds on each. Suddenly I smack both your cheeks at once and let you swing away. As you swing back, another double smack followed by gentle rubbed circles. You feel my coarse whiskers pressing into your clit as my tongue plunges as deep into you as it will reach, darting in and out, side to side, up and down and round and round. I pull away to tease the very tip of your button once more and then suck it completely into my mouth. You're gasping and quivering as I gently clamp it between my teeth and massage it with my tongue inside my mouth. I'm working it around as I draw circles with the tip of my tongue while pressing into your little nub of nerves. I sense you are very close to orgasm now and I stand up behind you, placing the tip of my rock hard cock at your entrance. Ever so slightly, I rock in and out a short distance, allowing your ample juices to moisten me. You're shaking and panting and begging me to take you. As I'm teasing your pussy, the thumb and forefinger of each hand is manipulating your hard nipples. They pinch, then roll back and forth, then pinch again, then roll again. You are sooo close now! Like human pliers, my fingers clamp down tight on your nipples and pull back hard! You swing with full force onto my throbbing cock! Your breathing stops momentarily and then comes in short loud gasps as I twitch several times inside you, buried to full depth. You start to shake violently within your bonds as your orgasm takes over. I have been preparing myself so I am very close as well. Using your nipples, I swing you back and forth for several quick strokes on my aching member before ramming deep into you to explode. 
After several moments of bucking blissful fireworks, we both start to relax and I release my grip on your nipples. Unbuckling the strap across your back, my lips caress where it has been while my hands work to release your other restraints. Your legs are unbuckled and I help you to straighten them slowly, resting your feet on the floor. You are completely free now but you lay there limp, almost panting as I caress and kiss your back, shoulders and neck, while still buried inside you. Eventually my erection subsides and I slowly slip out. I help you to stand but your legs will barely support you so I scoop you up in my arms and carry you to the bed a few feet away and gently lay you down. Crawling in beside you, I wrap my arms around you and pull you close. As you slide your hand over my ass and up my back, our lips meet, then our tongues, and for several moments I am mesmerized by the sweetness of your firm but tender lips. I can feel your silky soft skin over the entire length of my body and I am almost overwhelmed. I pull away from your lips to gaze into your gorgeous dreamy eyes.
"You are the most beautiful, sexiest, most incredible woman on earth," I whisper. "God I love you!" 
Our eyes close as our lips come together ever so lightly in the softest lingering kiss. Eyes stay closed as we drift into dreamland simultaneously and almost immediately, completely submerged in each others souls. 
 
 
But wait! Where will our dreams take us?? :D 
 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paul Schulz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





