BDSM Library - Sweet smell of adultery




Sweet smell of adultery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband suspects his wife is having an affair when she returns home smelling of sex








You've had a long day at work and you're driving down the boulevard. You stop at a red light and something has caught your eye in a parking lot across the intersection. 

The light turns green and you start to pull away and while you pass the hotel you notice the green car as a stuffed animal in the back window just like your wife's car. 

Your curiosity has gotten the best of you so you immediately turn the car around at the next corner. 

You're pulling into the parking lot and driving slowly toward that green car. Your heart is beating as you see the roof and pull forward hoping it was a mistake. You pull up a little further when you notice the license plate number. It's your wife's car! 

You put your foot on the brake and feel your heart pounding against your shirt. You begin to panic as you look at the hotel building and look up at the windows wondering if your wife is in one of those rooms. 

You put the car in park and get out and walk around your wife's car. You feel the hood and it's still warm from the engine. You stand in the parking lot looking back at the hotel again. 

Your heart is pounding as you look over the windows again. You suddenly spot a restaurant near the lobby of the hotel and you feel relieved. You suddenly find yourself with a smile on your face with a possible explanation. 

You figure your wife stopped off from work with one of the girls for a drink. It's Friday and she deserves a little time out after putting in a long week at work. You walk toward your car and sit in the front seat. You put the car in gear and ponder the decision if you should join your wife for a friendly little drink. 

You decide to drive home. You reach your driveway and pull in. You take off your tie and unbutton your shirt leaving your chest visible down to you nipples. You check out the wine and select something appropriate for when your wife comes home. 

You have the wine glasses on the table and look at the clock. It's been an hour since you saw her car in that parking lot. You begin to worry as you pace the floor. 

The sound of the garage door being raised can be heard from the kitchen. Your wife is home and you're relieved! The door opens and you're waiting for her with a smile and a hug. 

She smiles back at you and puts her purse down on the table and gives you another hug and a kiss. It was cool today but she feels hot and her make up appears as if it had been recently wiped off except for her lipstick. 

Her lips feel warm and passionate as she pushes her body into yours. You can feel her boobs pressing into your chest as you kiss her. You lower your hands and feel her ass squirming around like a belly dancer. 

She pushes her tongue into your mouth and you squeeze her ass. You start to point out the bottle of wine but she is pulling you into the bedroom. She turns around to allow you to unzip her dress. She wiggles her hips as you unbuckle your pants and let them fall. 

Your wife is facing you as she unhooks her bra allowing it to hit the floor. Her panties remain in place but her large boobs are swaying freely in front of your eyes as you roll down your underwear. 

She hugs you again and lays a big open mouth kiss on your lips just before she pushes you back onto the bed. She quickly gets on her knees and begins to suck your hard cock as you lay your head back on the bed. 

Your cock is rock solid hard as she climbs up onto the bed and straddles your chest. Her panties are still on and you notice that the crotch is wet. She must be horny after having drinks with her friends. 

She leans down and plants another open mouth kiss on your lips as you feel her breasts. You gently squeeze them together as she kisses your face. Your eyes notice something around her breasts that alarm you. 

You're trying to examine them closer but your wife is kissing your face and moving her hands on your chest so you forget about them for a moment. She is wiggling her ass and slips her hand down over your hand and places it onto her ass.

She wants you to pull down her tiny panties so you do as she raises each leg until they are free. You want to examine them but she pulls them out of your hand and tosses them to the floor. 

She is kissing your lips and your holding onto her ass while she squirms above your chest. Your cock is hard and you feel her body begin to back up until your cock hit's the crack of her ass. 

She raises her ass and reaches around to take hold of your cock. You want so badly to examine her pussy and smell to see if she recently had sex but it's too late as you feel her warm pussy begin to engulf your cock. 

It feels hot and wet and you wait until she pushes herself all the way down your cock and you feel her pussy begin to clamp around your cock.

You don't know what it is but your wife seems more talented recently with the way she uses her pussy on you. 

You recently discovered the changes in your wife's behavior in bed. She stops kissing you while squeezing her pussy and stares into your eyes. 

Her face tells it all! Her eyes are letting you know how much she loves you. She is wondering if you can tell the difference in her performance. You're groaning and moving your body with hers as she rides your cock. 

She leans forward pushing one of her large tits toward your face. She wants you to suck them. She wants you to bit them and make them red! You take one in your mouth and you start to nibble. She groans out loud then pushes the other tit into your face and you repeat the biting. 

Your mouth is all over her melons as you lick and bit her flesh. She kisses you again before she begins her wild dance and soon has an orgasm above your cock. 

How long has it been? A few weeks or perhaps months since your wife have become a complete animal in bed. 

She is moving her pussy again with much talent trying to make you cum. You stare down at her tits and see an array of red blotches. You start to wonder and say to yourself. Did I do all that in such a short time? 

You don't really care at the moment as your wife works her talents on your cock and you're soon sending your load of hot seed deep inside her womb. 

You smile to yourself and wonder if this will be the moment you become a Daddy! You've been talking about having children for months now and your wife stopped taking the pill a year ago but nothing has happened yet. 

Maybe you have a problem and should see a doctor! Maybe you should have him run a few tests and see if you're capable of fathering a child! 

Your wife gives you a final kiss before lifting off your legs. You're cum drips out onto the bed. How nice! 

You watch her little ass wiggle as she walks into the shower. You're lying back on the pillow thinking how wonderful your life is with such a beautiful wife. 

You suddenly think back when you saw her car in that parking lot at the hotel. You get off the bed and locate her purse and begin to hunt. You don't know what you're looking for other then a sign or something that shouldn't be inside her purse. 

You keep searching until you find a little packet. It's your wife's birth control pills. She told you she stopped taking them a year ago. It must be an old packet! You laugh to yourself until you read the label and see that it needs to be filled next week. It was filled last month and you begin to wonder again. 

You keep searching for other clues until you find a business card. It's a business card from where she works only it's got a name of a man on it you never met before. 

You turn the card over and see a little sketch on the back of a cock. It's filled in with black ink. 

You can hear the water running in the shower and quickly run into the den and turn on the computer. You type in your wife's company and bring up their web site. 

You're looking for the page where the staff members are listed and find the name on the card. 

You're in luck! You click on the link to his homepage and see his bio and start to pan down until you come to a picture. It's a black man and his wife. His skin is jet black and he is holding his arm around her waist and smiling. 

Your heart is beating faster as you stare at his picture and read his company information. He works with your wife in the same department! His name is Sam and you make a mental memory of his name and shut down the computer. 

You run back into the bedroom and replace the card in the purse and join your wife in the shower. She cups your balls as you close the shower door and lays a big wet kiss on your lips.

She gets down on her knees and gives you the most wonderful blow job of your seven years of marriage. 

The water is hitting your face as your wife stands back up and circles her arms around your waist and kisses your chest. She stares up at you and tells you she loves you and you both kiss as the water is hitting your face. 

You finally finish your shower and find your wife standing in front of the mirror combing her long flowing hair. That's when you spot her panties sitting on the floor and quickly pick them up and pretend you're taking them to the laundry. 

You're walking down the hallway examining them as you move. You see dried cum stains at the crotch and put the thin material next to your nose and sniff. You smell the scent of masculinity. 

It's a mixture of male cum and your wife' cum dried on the material. You stand in the laundry room wondering if it's the scent of a black man you smell on her panties. 

You decide to hide the panties for further examination. You return to the bedroom and your wife is waiting with that wine bottle in hand. 

She is laying naked in bed with the glasses in one hand and the bottle in the other. 

You forget about the fact that she maybe cheating on you and give her a kiss. Her body looks succulent in the dim bedroom light. 

You've just had the most wonderful sex with your wife in months. Why spoil it now! 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Karen Kay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





