BDSM Library -  Complex Relationships - The Indian Context - The Client Visit




 Complex Relationships - The Indian Context - The Client Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Ria wears her saree today, in a new style. A new client is comming to see the hotel and clinching this deal is a must. Ria does everything her jiju says and jiju enjoys making her do it. So does the client.






Synopsis: Its a story of an Indian guy who lusts for his wife's sister, and one day he gets the opportunity of his life time. He catches her flirting with clients and decide that she may as well be an object of amusement for himself.
In continuation of the story called Complex Relationships - The Indian Context - The Discovery

Title : Complex Relationships - The Indian Context - The Client Visit


Synopsis: This story is set in the Indian context, where jokingly the wife's younger sister is said to be 'Almost Half Wife'. Although like a joke, many Indian men fantasize about their wife�s younger sister. However for the lucky some, this becomes a reality. This story is a narration by one suck lucky man.

Disclaimer:&nbsp; The story is purely a fantasy, but put in this situation would love to do the same

After a few uneventful days, I got the next opertunity to have some fun with Ria. I had already decided that I will not try to do things with her every day because then I would become a routine and she will get used to it. Its better to be random and catch her unaware. Everyday she would be suspecting that something will happen but nothing happens, then as she stops thinking about it, suddenly I would make her do something.
Yestreday I had got a call from one of the earlier clients, asking if we have improved our service as last time he had stayed it was not so good. He said that this time he is comming with a very important person and is expecting a comfortable stay with good service. I promised him the best stay he ever had, with a smile on my face.
In the morning of the day when the client was to visit for a sample stay and inspection I left a note and something from the Box I bought earlier in Ria's room at night. She had clear instructions from me that she can not close her bedroom door from inside. I had also instructed her to always sleep in nude with no sheet covering herself. I knew that my wife would never walk into Ria's room at night. Even if she walks in, its ok because Ria is her sister.
The note mentioned her the following:
1) The client in todays meeting is very tall, wear the 6 inch heels as I want u to be taller than him
2) You will wear the Red transparent saree.
3) You will not wear any underskirt under the saree, but to keep the saree in place, I have kept a 12 Inch long tight skirt. This will only be covering your ass, i.e. if you wear it low enough, but it will hold your saree in its place for as long as it is required to hold. Wear the skirt 4 inch below navel. Make sure the pussy is clean shaven.
4) As you can see that the skirt is made of quite transparent black cloth like but thicker than stockings material, I allow you to wear a panty on the condition that a) The panty is blue in colour and b) You cut a 6 inch slit at the crotch of the panty. 
5) You wear it such that the pussy is open and access through the slit, so in crith the material of panty should be on aiter side of pusy. Since I know that the material wont stay on either side, I have kept 2 pieces of ribon. After you wear the panty, you will thread the ribbon through the slit of the panty and right leg hole and tie a nice tight bow around your right thigh. This will keep the right side of the material at croch pulled to right side. Similarly repeat with left leg. 
6) The ribbon is white, as you would have now guessed, I have chosen the colour of panty and ribon so that it is vissible through the transparent black cloth of skirt if your saree is removed.
7) I have kep a push up bra for you, its one size smaller fo good effect and tightness.&nbsp; The cups are only half, so that your breast is pushed up into a nice rounded shelf shape. I have kept a top instead of the tradictional blouse, it is such thet it just covers your bra. Tuck the edges nicely into the bra cups from above and below so that it stays in place.
8) Now the most important thing. I have kept a necklace for you. It has a heavy pendant. The pendant is ball shaped, and has a lrge number of sharp spike all around it. The lenght of the string of necklace is adjustable. I want you to wear the necklace and adjust the string such that the pendant actually rests on the breast right between the two in the cleavage. The string should not be too loose that pendant goes in inside between the breast, and should not be so tight that it lifts away from breast. This is so that when you walk the heavy ball will rest on and will bounce and rub and spikes prick your breast. The spikes will not puncture or damage your skin of the breast, but you will feel the spikes poking them. That was the second reason. The first reason for that pendant is to keep the eyes of the client there rather than any issue with our room when he checks the sample room.
9) Hair to be made into a pony tail on the top of your head. This will make u look even taller, as well as keep away your hair from hiding the expossed areas of your breast and back.
10) Finaly I want the pallu of the saree to come from back and fall to the front on your right shoulder, keeping ur back and stomach completley visible. Ah by the way I have reduced the width of the pallu so that it does not bunch up and hide anything.
11) Happy dressing !!! Will wait at 8:30 AM in the garage by the car. You are most probably reading this at 7 AM as your alarm clock has been set at 7 AM. You have only 90 minutes to get ready and be downstairs. No breakfast for you today at home, its with the client so dont bother.
Ria gets ready as instructed and reach the garage at sharp 8:30 AM. I mention to her to stop just as she enters. I look at her from top to bottom, looks like she followed the instruction. Will have to check if she followed the instruction about the panty and ribbon correctly, but that will happen later.
I told her to stand on to a round platform about 2 feet wide, next to the car. She asked me what it is and I said that she will find out soon. She steppes on it and I pushes a button on wall, the platform started rotating slowly. I told her that this is inspection platform. The platform tursn so that you can stand still whie I take a look at you from all angle. I can stop and start at my will with out asking you to stop and turn. I told het that every thing looks fine, except for the pendant which looks a little raised. Asked her to lower it a bit. I could see that the size of pendant was perfect, it was nesting nicely between her breasts, the spikes digging into the flesh of her breasts.
I told her that I am expecting her to have followed the other instructions about panty also correctly, to which she silently noded YES.
Once we drove out of the house and reached a junction about 1 km, there was a small jam. I quickly used the opertunity to take a divertion through a road that had many rough patches. I wanted to bounce and jump my car and see how the pendant jumped and hit her breast and how she reacted. The first time the car bounced, the pendant rose and landed on her right breast. The spike pricked her skin on the breast and she let out an ouch. I now knew that the spikes were perfect. I made the car bounce many times just enough to make the pendant jump and hit her breast. She knew I was doing it deliberatley, but could not object. 
Once we reached the hotel, we went into my office. I made her stand on the floor in the middle of the room specificaly marked for her. There was a 3 feet wide floor mirror, and she has to stand in the center of that mirror whenever she is in my office. On the roof I had got a 6 feet wide circle made of light. The lights were focused down to the mirror such that some light would fall on her body from top, some reflected from the mirror below, higlighting every part of her body, even under her dresses. The light reflecting from the mirror would enter from below her dress. So if she is wearing a skirt and stand on the mirror with legs slightly spread, her entire leg and thighs and ass and pussy would be illuminated from below by the reflected light. Some one standing next to her would be able to see under her skirt as it is reflected from the mirror below.&nbsp; I loved the way the interior decorator had done this, although he never knew why&nbsp; I needed this kind of an arrangement. May be, if some day he is lucky enough he will get to know. I smiled to myself.
Now as Rial was standing there her entire body was illuminated. She was standing with her legs spread at about 18 inches ( standard when wearing saree, it 24 to 30 inches when wearing skirt ), The reflected light was going in and illuminating her fair legs. Due to absense of the tradition long underskirt, her legs were very much visible because of the light. The lights on roof were LED light and hence i could controll the colour and intensity of the light. I changed it to a red and increased the brightness. Her red saree and bra was not redded in colour and her fair skin now glowed with red colour. I experimented by changing to blue, her saree became very dark as it did not reflect blue light, but her fair skin was glowing blue. It was a sight to rememeber. If We did not have to meet the client, I would have had more fun with her. And yes, Along with the lights on the top, I had a few cameras installed to take picture and video of her whenever she would stand there. There were a few camera on the walls for the side views and below for an upskirt view. She knew nothing about it while the recorder kept on recording everything. 

I explained all this to her, minus the camera part. That would be required later. Then I further explained that to add a little fun, I had also got a air jet thrower installed in the centre of the mirror. It could be set at various speeds, from almost low speed air to very high speed. At low speed she would not even be able to notice the air flow, where as at high speed she could feel it ramming her ass and pussy like a rod when she stands over it. It would be perfect for your punishment, I told her. It also has an arrangement to add any gas to the air. Uses could vary from adding perfume, to pungent gas, to tear gas to clorofom etc depending on what I want to do to her while she is standing there. 
Today as she is wearing a saree, i did not increase the speed of air, however I added a little Lemon Grass aroma gas to the air comming from center. It would fill her saree from inside and give the skin of her legs and pussy and ass a noce smell.
She should there with out realizing where the aroma was comming from for about 30 minutes ahile we waited for client. Mean while I gave her further instructions. I told her that she has to sit directly opposite the client across the table, The meeting room table is just 4 feet wide and 6 feet long. Now the most important thing. All the time you have to stay leaning forward. Just to remind you if ever you lean back, there is nail I fixed at the back of the chair and it will pain you. The chair for you will have a small leak in the air piston that keep the chair up after adjusting the height. When the meeting starts you will adjust the seat height such that there is only about just 1 inch gap between bottom of your breast and table top. The air will slowly leak and in about 10 minuntes lower by about 2 inches. So by the end of the 10 minutes, your breast would be resting on the table top and actually pussed up by about an inch. You will make no effort to correct your position. In these 10 minutes you will be reading out the terms of contract if he selects our hotel for stay, and will be recorded for any future leagal use. I want him to concentrate more on your breast than on the payment terms and cost in the contract, hence this arrangement. Make your voice as sexy as possible. 
What I did not mention to her is that the contract also contains certain kinds of sexual service that will be provided to client, and that it is also getting recorded in her own voice, which I shall be able to use it to blackmail her more.
What she did not realise was that in trying to read the contract in a sexy voice, it would take longer to read. The chair would move down by more than 2 inches, pushing her breast up by more than 1 inch. If she takes longer then she would practically be handgind by her 34D breast on the edge of the table. I smiled to myself thinking about it and hoping she would take longer.
She took about 15 minutes to read and chair had gone down by 3 inces, Her breast were so pushed up that they were threatening to come out of her bra. The client had his eyes focussed on her breast all the time. The payment terms were in the last, and am sure that the breasts of Ria threatening to come out of the bra would have made my client completley deaf to it.
Next was visit to sample room. We entered the room and Ria started explaining the room and its facilities. The client stopped her immediatley. He told her that the pendant is being a big distraction to him, so its nice if she could remove it. On my acknowledgement, she removed it and plced it on table. I immediatley told her that if she leaves it there she might forget it, so she she should keep it with her. She realised she was not carying her purse. I told her that she should hang it to the ring in her navel, she was dumb stuck, she knew that pendant was heavy and would pull on the navel ring. I was sure that it would not damage her, as her navel ring was think and deep in her skin and on lover part of the navel. I was happy that it would pull and open up her navel a bit. 
Now it was hanging down in front of her. I noticed that the pendant was almost at the level where her pussy would be. While she was facing the client and he was facing her, I interupted her. I told her that the pendant hanging in front outside saree will also be a dirtraction, saying this I pulled the folds of her saree right below her navel, creating a gap between her lower abdomen and saree. I in one swift movement pulled up the pendant by the string and droped it inside the saree and left it there and released the saree. The client looked at the pendant going into her saree, then at her face and then at my face. I gave a knowing smile and returned a knowing smile.
Now the pendant was hanging from her navel ring on a string, at level with her pussy. Now with the panty material streched sideways and pussy expossed, the spikes on the pendant would be touching her pussy. The tight skirt she is wearing inside will ensure that pendant always stay against her pussy and not away from it. The real fun would be when she starts moving around in the room. More fun when she has to walk in the corridor.
After understanding the room and facilities, he asked us about the premium service hostesses that we mentioned would be provided. I told him that today since we had no premium guest in the hotel, we had given off to the hostesses. Ria knew this was not true so she looked at me quizicaly. I explained to the client that he need not be disapointed as I can still show him how such an hostess would be dressed.
I took hold of the pallu of Ris's saree, placed it in my hands. I started wrapping it in my hand, unwrapping from her body, walking around her in clockwise direction. While doing so I kept on explaining about the premium service that the hostess would provide also eplaining their uniform. When the other end of the saree detached from her body, I told my client: This is how your hostess would be dressed. I took a torch out of my pocket and shone it onto her skirt, explaining every detail of it to the client. I explained the transparency of the skirt. I also shone the torch from under her skirt after asking Ria to spread her legs a bit. I showed the client how there was a slit in the panty and how it is tied with ribbon to the tighs to keep the material away from the pussy. Then I showed him Ria's breast explaining the bra and top.
After I finished explaing everything that Ria was wearing. The client was impressed. He said that he wanted to see the other type room also. That was at the other end of the long coridor. Ria reached forward to pick the saree. Me and my client in unision said :"Leave It" , and we smiled at each other.
Now Ria had to walk with us down the coridor, in her short tight transparent skirt, through which her blue panty was visible. Also visible was the white ribbons holding the material apart to her thighs. The pendant was pressing against her pussy, was also visible through the skirt, and the spikes were teasing and pricking her clit and pussy lips. As she took each step, the pendant rolled over her pussy torturing it. Me and the client were walking behind her, enjoying the way she was walking in her 6 inch heels swaying her hips. She was swaying more because of the pendant pressing on her pussy.
The client liked the second room more than the first one. The painting on the wall was tilted slightly. So i asked Ria to stand on the stool and adjust it. It was a nice sight, she standing on stool, legs slightly spread to make balance, arms streached out to hold the painting and adjust it. I deliberatly took long time to tell her the correct postion. Then she turned around and spepped down from the stool. In the light from window, the pendant was clearly visible to me and the client and it pressed more into her pussy when she was stepping down.
The client said that he would love to cancel todays booking at the other hotel and check in today itself, but as the hostesses were on leave today he would check in tomorrow. I immediatley told him not to worry. He can check in today itself and Ria will take care of everything just like the hostess. "Or may be better than them" I said with a smile.
The client told us that he accepts the offer, added a condition that he would like to bring a little change to her attire if she has to serve him as a hostes. I agreed immediatley and asked what. He said that&nbsp; he woul like to demonstrate what he wants and then Ria can think about it. I knew in my mind that Ria cant say no to anything that I say yes, so I told client to procede.

He took out a scissor and cut the sides of Ria's skirt on both the sides . He left only 4 inches of material at top. The skirt now was no longer a skirt. It was a cloth in front and another in back held by a 4 inch wide band around the waist. The material being of strech type, a good amount of her hips were visible from the sides as the material shrunk back from where it was cut.
It was about lunch time, and the client wanted to have lunch. So we went to the Restaurant on the top Floor. It was a roof top restaurant and it was a little breezy. Ria had a tough time keeping the cut part of her skirt in place. The skirt and the pendant inside it pussing against her pussy was makinh her walk a lot different than normal. I would call it a damn sexy walk. Since it was a little early, there were only a few people in the restaurant, but i could see that everyone's eyes were on Ria. Ria knew it and was almost red on her face with embarassment.
We took a seat in a corner from where not many people could see us and we ordered some starters, I ordered Chilly Chicken for her, knowing that she did not like to eat much chicken. Well she has to eat what I order, she has no choice. She did not have much practice in using fork and knife on chicken. While she was taking a chicken piece to her mouth, it fell from the fork right into her cleavage. It rested between her breast and did not go in. A little embarassed she lifted her hand to remove the piece of chicken. My client mentioned to her not to touch it. I added that she should finish her lunch with out letting it fall down. She was completley red on her face with embaracement. 

By the time she finished the luch, the chicken piece had managed to get in between her breast due to movements. When the waiteress came to clear up the table, I mentioned to her that there is more to be cleaned just than the table. Waiteress looked confused, but me and my client smiled. I pointed her to Ria's breasts, while pointing to Ria's breast I slipped a 500 rupee note into the watress's hands with out any one noticing it.
The waitress said "Oh yes I understand, I will be right back" . She came back with a finger bowl with warm water and lemmon slice and a small towel. She dipped her hand into Ria's Bra and fished for the piece of chicken. She took good to minutes to 'Find' the piece and take it out of Ria's bra. In the process the waitress had rubbed the gravy all over Ria's breast and nipples.&nbsp; Then the waitress wetted her hands in the bowl, stood behing Ria and using both hands started patting her breast inside the bra. Waitress washed her hand in bowl and then again patted her breast. She repeated this till all gravy was removed from Rias breast. Then the waitress said that she will use the lemon slice to remove any odour of the chilly chiken from Ria's breast. She took 2 lemon slice, one in each hand and again dipped it into Ria's bra and liberaly rubbed the slice all over her breast and nipples, deoderising it. 
My client told the waitress that she has done a good job and that she would be rewarder if she comes down to his suit after her duty hours. Waitress accepted the offer with a smile and said that her duty gets over at 4 PM. 
My clent went to rest in his suit. Ria was supposed to go to the clients suit by 4 PM, same time that the waitress would come. So me and Ria went back to my office. She assumed her possition over the Floor mirror in the center of my office. This time I increased the speed of the air jet from the centre of mirror, which started hitting Ria's ass and pussy with a little force. She was standing with her legs spread at 24 inches. She was not looking more beautiful almost naked in her skimpy skirt and bra/top. I changed the colour of the lights to a golden yellow shade and her skin was shining like gold in the light.
I was very horny and my dick was very hard by this time, and with her standing there like that, it was becoming un-bearable for me. But it was not time to fuck her and also today she was the hostess to my client so I have to leave her un touched anyway.
I wanted her to be horney as well by the time she reached the client at 4:00 PM. So I asked her to sit on her knees and spread the knees. Now her pussy was very near to the floor and hence the air would be hitting her pussy with a little more force. I added a little steam to the air, like they do in facials. This will keep her pussy a little warm and wet, only air would have dried her pussy. I went in the adjoining room and connected a hokka ( a smoking pot ) with some 'grass' in it. The system sending air into her pussy will also carry the smoke from teh hooka to her. She would be breathing that air and will make her high, she would never realise why she is feeling that way. The dose was small so that she does not know. In about an hour, she is high on grass, but not very high. The room also filled with a light smoke from the grass and breathing that I also felt a little relaxed. I knew that sinse the air was rising right beneath her she would be breathing a higher dose.
I put on a high quality porn video on the large LCD I had in my office and left the room, then watched her though the cameras. I knew that if I am not in front of her, she would watch it willingly. Yes she was watching it. In about 15 minutes into the video, I saw her mooving her right hand under the skirt. She was begining to touch herself. It was now clear that she was high on grass and horney as well watching the video. She slowly started rubbing herself. This is the first time I am seing Ria in this way. Slowly her speed of rubbing herself increased. As I say that she would orgasm in next few minutes, I opened the door and entered the room, she suddenly withdrew her hand and she could not complete her orgasm. I did not want her to have an orgasm right now. Orgasm denied, she would be feeling all the more horny. I pretended I did not see it, but she did not know that cameras were filming her every action from many angles.
I told her to standup as it was time for her to go to the client as his hostess. I picked up some aromatic wet wipes and gave it to her and told her to wipe every exposed part of her body and to do it slow. She started with her face, then she wiped her chest and breast. Then below her breast, her tummy and the below navel area. Then she wiped her thisghs and legs. Then her arms. I wen near her to check, her body was now smelling like a fress flower because of the aroma in the wipes.
I walked her upto the suit of the client. Rang the bell, the waitress was already inside and she opened the door. The client was sitting on the edge of the bed, he mentioned Ria to walk in.The waitress clossed the door. I locked it from outside.&nbsp; I walked back to my office. I was going to watch and record everything that is going to happen in the suit. 

Hope you liked the story this far. The story will continue with the adventure thats going to happen inside the suit and a lot more.
Please send me your feedback and comments on criticalmass1080@yahoo.com You may also share whatever you may want to say about yourself.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Critical Mass


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





