BDSM Library - Sensitivity Training




Sensitivity Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   an account of my breast sensitivity training






It started about three months ago...I got a little drunk, embarrassed my partner and he decided to get some revenge. I had gone to bed very late and very drunk...the next morning I awoke to a pinching sensation on my tits. Slowly I opened my eyes to see that he was kneeling over my head his cock not far from my face and the pinching sensation was just that ...he was pinching my nipples between his thumb and forefinger.
there were still other people staying in the house so he told me I had to be very quiet and take this like a good girl. In my sleepy dazed state I thought nothing of it...we had played a little rough before...so I laid still..he told me to suck his cock and balls while he entertained himself
at first it felt good, gently pinching and pulling of my nipples and kneading of my breasts while I sucked his cock. After a few minutes of this he started to increase the pressure.&nbsp; He was pulling an my nipples lifting my breasts away from my body. I have E cup breasts so they are quite heavy, I could see the cone shape as I glanced down my body with his balls in my mouth. He started to hold my breasts up like this and jiggle and shake them, it was starting to be quite painful. 
I stopped sucking and told him it hurt...he just smiled down and told me to be good and keep sucking...and I had better be gentle. Then the twisting started...he was twisting one or both of my nipples at a time...I moved my hands trying to protect my breasts - give him the real message it was more pain than pleasure. All of a sudden he moved....taking his cock and balls out of my reach, he moved my hands to my sides and pinned them there then bent down and bit my left nipple hard enough to make me gasp and struggle, then he bit the right. Pulling back and letting go of my arms he told me I was to be good and quiet and lie on my hands else he would just make it worse. I was shocked and embarrassed - my friends were still sleeping in the house&nbsp; - the last thing I wanted was for them to find me like this
so back he got straddling my head and telling me to suck...he continued his attentions on my tits, he seemed to love the lift by the nipples and shake my tits - making sure at least some of the time my nipples slipped through his grip. I was worried that someone would hear when he did this and slapped the underside of my breasts with his hand. Time passed, my poor tits hurt more and more and my mouth was getting tired - but still he told me I had to keep sucking and licking and he would finish when he was good and ready. As the twisting or my nipple continued my eyes were watering...it was real pain yet I was also turned one....I don't remember ever being so wet....
All of a sudden the pain was worse he was using his nails to pinch and drag up my nipples...I began to cry...then he moved and told me to get on all fours...he reached around grabbing my poor breasts again and squeezing with all of his fingers as he rammed his cock into me....around 5 minutes later he squeezed so hard I cried out just as he came and let go.
we lay quietly for a few minutes it was hard to think about much else than my sore tits. I got up and dressed knowing it was time to make an appearance and think about making breakfast...just putting a bra on was uncomfortable...and I the pressure on my poor abused tits was very distracting...yet quite a turn on too.
People left our house and all through the day he didn't mention what had happened that morning....it was all I could think about though. That night we went to bed and flicked normally, his gentle touches on my sore tits had never been so arousing...he asked me if the felt good now....embarrassed I said the were a bit sore but it was making me very turned on. Good was his reply.
The next day passed...nothing interesting ....work, home stuff etc before I want to bed he told me tomorrow 15 would be my favourite number...how odd I thought... 
The next morning I awoke to pinching on my tits again. I asked him what was going on...he said this would be our every other day routine...he called it a breast sensitisation session...and with no other people in the house he told me to feel free to cry out as it was going to be a little rougher this time
shock was my only response as he guided me by the nipples to a kneeling position. He told me to put my hands behind my head and stay still else he would be very disappointed...I wasn't sure what was coming next...he looked down at me as he stood on the floor while I kneeled on the bed...he took a clothes peg and put it on my right nipple...I squirmed it was pretty uncomfortable as it was directly on the nipple, I was expecting another but couldn't see one. He looked stepped back and stared me in the eye and then he told me after each I was to count and thank him...I was confused for a minute then I realised what he meant to do...."no please don..." but I didn't get to finish that sentence...*smack* he struck the left side of my left breast "oww" I said...only to be told he would do it again until I thanked him and counted...but I was too dumbstruck...so the strike was repeated...quickly I said "1 thankyou" he continued to slap my left breast 2,3,4,5 by 5 I was crying in earnest, he paused and told me I could move one of my hand now, to take my left nipple in my hand and hold my tit up by it...I complied..."hold on tight - don't you let that nipple slip" he said I gritted my teeth as the tears ran down my face...and then the 6th slap came straight to the underside of my poor left tit.....thankyou - 7,8,9&nbsp; "let your tit drop, hands back behind your head" I did ...all the time wondering how long this would go on ...how much could I take...why was he doing this....why was I getting wet from it, 10,11 hit the right side of my tit....then he looked me straight in the eyes....12 thankyou I screamed...straight into my nipple flattening my breast against my ribs...how much more...then I remembered what he had said the night before about 15....it was nearly over 13 thankyou, 14 thankyou, 15 thank you and sure enough it stopped...my left breast hurt and felt hot...I had almost forgotten about my right nipple until he tugged the peg off. I yelped as it pulled off and gasped as the blood started to return...the ache was terrible. He waited a couple of minutes, massaging both my breasts quite gently it hurt but felt good, then he told me to get back in position it was "the right ones turn"...and so the process repeated...the peg on my left nipple now...my right breast being punished. This was so much worse, I was sobbing my way through it...my breasts...my beautiful large breasts, were just a mass of throbbing fire. By the 15 whack...straight across my right breast I was just blubbering....then it was over...the peg was yanked from my right tit making me scream in earnest and fall onto the bed. 
He sat there rubbing and licking my tits...telling me how beautiful they were and how much he loved me . He said it wouldn't go on for much longer but he had to make sure they were nice and sensitive...
I lay on the bed...he went to the wardrobe and got out a skirt hanger, you know the type with a 2 clips on, I just lay there on my back as he clipped my poor sore nipples into it...he told me to stand...he pulled on the hanger...pulling my breasts out....it hurt and it felt like they here getting pulled down, he must have noticed this to...he removed the clips saying he didn't want them to droop...and told me to go put a bra on...I did...I&nbsp; was sore from his slaps and the bra fabric touched my tender flesh.&nbsp; I approached him and he lifted each breast out of the cups -so the cup was just supporting under my breasts.&nbsp; He replaced the hanger making me wince, he told me what I had to do was simple...I had to remove the hanger 15 times without touching the clips or using my hands. Oh no, no was could I do that, the pegs had hurt a lot. He told me this wouldn't be as bad as the pegs as the rubber coating on the clips would help them slide. so I gritted my teeth and walked into the bathroom...I hooked the hanger part over the towel rail and started to pull back...omg it hurt...it had slipped off a bit but not completely...I was screaming he stood there calmly telling me to pull back more, I did and ping off it came. He counted this time, "one, good girl" then he replaced the hangers clips. Each time was worse, after 7 my nipples looked red raw how was I going to make it through? I begged him to let me stop but all he said was I had to finish to show him I loved him, by 10 all I could do was sob. It was taking me close to 5 minutes to manage to get myself to hook the hanger head over the towel rail now, and pulling back, torturing myself was the hardest thing I have ever done. Somehow I made it to 15.
Once done he examined my nipples and said they were looking a little raw, he gently sucked them but even that hurt. Then he went and applied some numbing antiseptic cream. He kissed me gently and whispered in my ear how proud he was of me and how good our sex life was going to be. I was ashamed, I was so horny and he fucked me so gently. 
The next day my tits still hurt, every time fabric moved on my breasts I was aroused and he was right, the sex was very good. 
Every second day something happens to my tits - its not always as rough as I described above, he seems to be good at gauging what needs doing to keep them sensitive. Sometimes he just plays with my nipple for 15 minutes, though other times our sessions go for more than an hour and I'm begging him to stop. 
Three months from the first time this happened, he got a job where he is away for 3 weeks and back for 2 weeks. I continue this routine myself. He rings ever night and asks me to describe what I have done to myself and how my breasts feel. Sometimes he tells me I need to do more. I record all of my activities so its there if he wants to watch it when he comes back. Skipping with nipple clamps and a small weight is his current favourite extra activity for me...I have to skip until the clamps pull themselves off...not fun.

I have to admit its worth it though...I'm horny most of the time and the sex has been great...wonder how long we will continue this pattern















Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Missy Temptation


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





