BDSM Library -  Morgan




 Morgan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  an object of affection gets more than she thought possible






wondering why she had followed the instructions on the handwritten note, perhaps it was the perfumed scent that had made her tingle inside, or that she was so sure she recognised the handwriting, she shook her head briefly and carried on walking towards the huge blank-faced building and it's single solitary door.
she put her hand to the handle and cautiously opens the door, pushing it and walks through

she stops, her hand still on the door handle, leaving her arm trailing a little behind her ... that was her first mistake
her eyes wander at the massive space beyond, she tries to focus on the far side ... that was her second mistake
while she stared at the cast emptiness she did not hear the person standing behind her, grabbing her trailing hand from the door, it was quickly and roughly twisted high up her back, a hand grabbed her throat, squeezing
she struggled and flailed her other arm, but the surprise and panic became her third and final mistake ... her breath was cut short and soon she lost consciousness
the last thing she heard, was the soft spoken words, "oh Morgan, be careful who you share your darkest fantasies with, they may just come true......."



as she came around, she realised that something was massively wrong .... she couldn't see, her mouth was full of something strange solid but a little pliant, her head was covered by something but she had no way of telling what it was
she was still very groggy, there was no way that she was recovering from a little choke out, she'd been drugged or maybe knocked out by something else
it was now that panic set in, she went to move, but all that she actually managed was a slight swing ....
she realised that she couldn't move, her arms were bound tightly behind her ... that&#8217;s when it came to her, she was hung upside down, her legs were bound just as tightly and was suspended by her ankles.
she began to thrash around, or at least tried to, she swung a little back and forth until hands grabbed her, gently but firmly, halting her in place, she felt a tugging at the side of her head, as though something was pulled away, a voice whispered "calm yourself ... you are not in a good position to be wasting energy"

believing those words, she did just that, breathing hard through her nose

"good girl" the soft voice coo'd in her ear, "now, I want you to nod your head for me to show that you understand what I am going to say to you now"

she nods

"goooood, now, let me tell you what is happening to you; we had to administer a little sedative to you unfortunately, which is why you may be feeling a little groggy..."

she nods again

"you are wearing a hood, which is why you cannot see or speak, and until now couldn't hear, when I am done with you in a few moment, I will replace the ear pad and you will return to your own little world"

she nods again, a little tentatively

noticing this hesitancy
"don't worry, I&#8217;m sure it will be removed soon enough ... you have also been bound, quite severely actually, I had to call in a favour to get more rope here quickly ... as the drug wears off you may start ... you will start to feel some pain from your joints, especially in your arms which are tied behind your back, palms together, the tips of your fingers almost touching your neck! you are quite supple ... the rest of you is harness bound, your flesh has pinched in quite a few places, so you are going to feel that hurt eventually"

after a few moments, you nod once, then again

"it'll be ok, eventually you will have all those ropes removed and pain will no longer be an issue"

there was something in the way the voice said those last few words ... 

you nod again, as you do, hands hold your head and a kiss is placed where your lips would be if they were not covered

"I will say goodbye for now, please, try to remain calm, it's for the best"

before you nod, the ear pad is replaced and you are back into a world of darkness and muffled silence

a finger probes your pussy, but you do not feel it, you do not feel much of anything right now ... 

you are left alone ... waiting ... for what ... 


after what seems an eternity a tingling sensation spreads through your legs, but you are unable to rub them so you wriggle ... but that only serves to make the tingling intensify.
the sensation spreads, your ass begins to tingle, over your hips your abdomen your belly ... 


a hand touches your butt cheek, you're momentarily&nbsp; distracted from the tingling, that is until a slap connects, only lightly but the pinch of the thin ropes amplify it .. this sets off a chain reaction, each and every knot that meets your skin, pulls making you twitch, each twitch increases the pain it spreads along your legs, through your ass up your torso ... and you scream, or at least try to, you scream in your head as the feeling starts to return to your arms hands shoulders and then your breasts, it's excruciating, you begin to realise just how severely your arms are twisted
hands touch you all over, through the pain the tender movements calm you
a tugging at the side of your head, you feel the ear pieces being removed again, you feel relieved to have a sense returned to you, grateful almost.

the voice speaks to you once again 

"wonderful ... isn't it, how the pain can infect you, can fill your very being"

the voice continues soft, sweet, close to you

"I&#8217;m going to remove the hood now, it would be best for you to keep your eyes closed"

you would laugh if you could, you try, but all you managed is a grunt and a wiggle which does nothing but to set off more pain from the taut ropes.

the voice chuckles with you .. "yes, I know .. I know exactly what thought went through your head, you are that transparent to me"

with no warning you feel hands on your hips, then they're spinning you, spinning, hung by your ankles .. and just as suddenly you are stopped

"transparent ... and I have you under complete control"







you can feel the hood being released, what feels like several buckles and straps being undone
laces being pulled apart at the back, a slight tug and it just falls away
"remember to keep those eyes closed", reminds the soft voice
but you ignore it, immediately looking around you, and paying for it, the brightness hurts, the pain jabs right through your eyes to the back of your head
you groan, you mouth still filled by some sort of gag

"now, silly, I warned you, didn't I ... now maybe you'll listen to what I say to you and unnecessary pain will not be an issue for you"

soft hands begin to stroke over your body, gentle touches that seem to be touching places where it doesn't hurt
you start to squint when you feel your eyes no longer screaming in pain, you can only see the cold grey concrete floor beneath and around you, trying to look around to find the body of the voice, but those soft hands guide you to prevent you from doing so

"all in good time my sweet pet"

"I&#8217;m going to lower you now, don't be alarmed, you will not touch the floor"

you hear an electric whirr and look down to see the floor coming up to your face, you squeeze your eyes shut and expect to feel the cold hard floor smash into you, but you barely even feel it when mechanism lowering you comes to a stop.
tentatively you open your eyes, your nose almost scrapes the floor

"be a good girl and stay still, I&#8217;m going to cut those ropes away from you"

you nod, grunting an acknowledgement

"as there is so much rope, I will have to raise you up again as we get through it"

you feel something cold press against your calf, must be the knife
it cuts into the rope, and slices into your skin

you squeal, and try to struggle, but to no avail, the cutting continues

"come now sweetie, don't struggle ... remember what I said about unnecessary pain"

another rope is cut, your leg is sliced again

"you will only make this worse by struggling"

ropes are cut from both calves, each time you are sliced by the sharp blade

you begin to whimper

"ohh Morgan, now is not the time to start crying ... "

the voice sound genuinely disappointed

the cutting continues, rope is cut away from your knees, it feels as though your tendons have been cut
now you begin to panic, forgetting what you have been told
you start to struggle, your arms still bound, the pain intense but you swing .. like a fish on a hook
she speaks to you
"Stop this now, you are not badly hurt, calm yourself immediately"
the voice still soft, but firm, cold ...

still wriggling you can now feel yourself being raised
the floor falls away from your sight as you move higher
again you try to look at the woman tormenting you
you catch a sight of shiny black boots, but cannot see more than that as you are once again guided by those soft controlling hands

"not yet darling", you are told
"if you panic like that again baby, I will have to secure you in place and put that hood back on", the voice warns, "is that what you want ?"
instantly you shake your head, no

"gooooood"

now, I can continue



the blade is brought down the back of your thigh, cutting the ropes away in one sweeping motion, and cutting a long but not deep slash ... followed immediately a parallel line down your other thigh, 
the ropes fall away, and again you feel yourself rising
more cuts, more rope falls, all the rope now gone from your legs, all but the wrappings at your ankles

again you turn your head to see her, this time catching a glimpse of fishnet stockings inside those thigh high boots and once again you are moved but this time you are turned to face her ... 

you feel yourself being raised again, your face is now close to her body, inches away from you the tops of those thigh highs the stockings, you continue to rise, the suspender clips gripping the stockings tight, tiny leather thong, just as shiny as the boots it's here that the rising halts, your nose only an inch or so away from that thong

arms wrap around you, pulling you close, your face presses into the leather and flesh, the heat obvious pressed against your face, a dampness slicking skin to skin
then
pain,intense,incredible, unexpected pain, the ropes holding your arms in place are cut, as with your legs your arms are sliced, then ... they're free
the agony is unbearable as they're allowed to just flop
you try desperately to move them, but the pain is too much, so you hang there your fingertips inches from the grey concrete floor
that&#8217;s when you notice it; blood, even after all the cuts you didn't expect it, but there is blood dripping from you
your breath pauses as this sinks in, it causes you to almost choke on the gag still firmly lodged in your mouth, you start to breathe hard and fast through your nose
she steps away from you, letting you hang, swing ... you seem hypnotised by the blood dripping from your fingertips, you flex your fingers, the blood flicking onto the floor
she laughs, watching you do this, but you take little notice watching the droplets of blood splash against the floor ... that is until you start to rise
you can now see more of her, a shiny black leather basque, exquisitely tight on her torso, you stop, staring at her tummy or at least, the buckle at the front of the basque cinching her waist tight
she grabs your hair and for the first time, you get to see the face of your tormentor


at first you are stunned, then relieved, then the fright starts in again, you don't recognise this face, this woman you have never seen before
she wipes your eyes tenderly for you, clearing the tears and blood and you do recognise her face

your mind explodes .. why ???, how ??? 

she watches your face carefully, and when the realisation is clear in your eyes, she begins to remove the gag from your mouth

"CRYS!!!", you cry out immediately, your jaw still aching and in just as much pain as anywhere else, "please Crys, please please why"
she tries to calm you with gentle hushes
"what is going on, why are you doing this to meee ???"
Crys maintains her calm manner, as she has throughout ... "you need to be quiet honey", Crys says in a soothing whisper but there is something different about her voice, it's not the same as before
to make you be quiet, Crys kisses your lips, her tongue pushing in, which you receive gratefully
when she is pulled away from you forcefully, you then see that she has a heavy steel collar around her neck, from which a thick steel chain has been attached and leads off to the nearby wall, to which she is now stood against holding on to the solid steel collar.

you swing around, your arms finally becoming useful, 
"I&#8217;m sorry dear Morgan, but Crys is not your tormentor, that would be me ..."
and once again before you get chance to glimpse the owner of the voice, you are moved out of view ... your hands being free try to grab at her, wearing the same shiny boots as Crys, your hands, covered with blood now, slide away
they're grabbed forcefully, by hands that are covered by black matt rubber gloves, still weak you try to resist but you cannot.
your wrists are cuffed by strong leather manacles, one wrist behind you, one in front, attached by a chain that runs over your pussy.
as you're secure, she lets you free and swing
you try to struggle, but succeed in only making the chain rub back and forth against you
stepping away from you, you are finally allowed to see her, dressed identically to Crys, who is still almost hanging from her collar over by the wall.
she is cute, but severe looking, her gaze almost maniacal behind the dark-rimmed glasses she is wearing.
speaking in that same soft voice, "we're going to have some fun now, girls", looking around so that Crys knows she will be needed again shortly

she walks over to Crys and takes her hand, tenderly, almost like a lover would 
the chain leashed to the collar giving some slack allowing her to walk back to you
they walk together, hand in hand, strangely Crys is smiling, not the same crazy smile as her, but still a smile that in the circumstances shouldn't be there


"I&#8217;d like you to resume your previous position now Crys", she spoke this in that soft way, but with a firmness that reassured of her dominance, "I&#8217;m sure that sweet Morgan here is going to be eager to please now that her mouth is free of the gag"
with no words, Crys wrapped her arms around you again, pulling you close, your face tight against her crotch once more, the heat unchanged.
hands appear at her waist, and cut away Crys's panties, tugging them off gently, not slicing into her flesh, unlike the treatment you had received so far.
Crys's pussy now open, wet and waiting for you, you adjust your position enough so that your nose bumps against her, using it to nuzzle your way to her clit, now you can get your tongue to work, pushing, probing, lapping, licking 
Crys moans softly as you work, squeezing your body tight every time you lap over her clit one way and bump with your nose the other, using everything you can to please her.
then, down your back in long swift strokes, she slashes you, the blade cutting from your waist, careful not to catch Crys's holding arms, down to your shoulders ... once, twice, three, four times down, parallel lines of perfect straightness cutting into your body ... blood flows out of the wounds, dripping from your shoulders, matting into your hair.
you scream, as Crys squeezes you tightly your mouth remains wide open the wetness from her drips onto your tongue, hotter and faster as you scream louder ... she is getting hornier the more pain you are in
Crys continues to hold you tight, your breath is getting thinner almost panting between squeals of pain
then, a whisper in your ear, "you need to control yourself dear, with pain comes pleasure, but if this noise is not kept under control then pain is all you will feel", there is a harsh threat in those words which you feel and understand instantly, you stop screaming and simply whimper at the pain you feel
"good girl, now, I think you were trying to please Crys ... don't disappoint her"

you feel her move away, as you return to your efforts of stimulating Crys, your tongue works hard to regain its lost place, as you do, you feel Crys shudder and her weight is transferred to you as she grips at your waist firmer, you don't hear her cumming, but you feel it as she widens her thighs and grinds at your face.

"my my my, you are a good little cunt licker aren't you .. or could it be that Crys here is more turned on at the amount of blood you are losing every moment"
a gloved hand grips and twists in your hair from behind, pulling your head back sharply and away from Crys, who lets go of you , allowing your body to bend backwards as your head is pulled up
now you are looking down at those boots, you see her start to crouch down, all the while keeping a tight grip in your hair, 'my god she is strong', is the thought that runs through your head, and now you get to see her face close up
"I understand that your mind is racing, and you feel somewhat confused, so I will give you a chance to think, I can see in your eyes that you know who I am and I want to hear you speak my name", her voice always soft, always soothing and calm, you hate her for that, but you wrack your brain, trying to recall this woman, Who is she .... 

"Naaa ... adine ....oh my god, Nadine!"


"say it again ...", she demands, slapping your face hard, your head held firmly by her grip in your hair meaning you cannot roll from the slap, it hurts, "Say my name again", followed by another slap just as vicious

sobbingly, you stutter "n-n-n-nadine"

"say it with some respect", you receive 3 slaps in rapid succession, each hitting exactly the same spot as before, your cheeks starting to swell, tears streaming from your eyes, "get control of yourself girl, have you not been listening to anything today"

"N-Nadine ... please, why a-.." *SLAP*
before you get any further, a thunderous slap hits your face
"my name, is all I asked you to say, nothing more ... now say it one more time, no stutters, no other words, just my name"
you try to compose yourself, trying to breathe deeply through the sobbing, just as you open your mouth to speak you come face to face with her and she screams at you "SAAAY ITTT"
and you do, you just react, "NADINE", you scream it back at her, "NADINE NADINE NADINE NADINE NADINE"

she lets your hair free and you swing away from her

"good girl"

Crys catches you, to stop you swinging around, but also to try and calm you, your sobbing now uncontrollable, your face sodden with tears &amp; blood, puffy from the brutal slapping, she touches your face softly, whispering into your ear that you'll be ok, not to worry, try to be calm
Nadine walks around you, pulling Crys up by her collar, whispers something to her which you do not catch
you watch as she wanders over to a cabinet that you have not previously noticed, it's the same grey as the concrete floor but now you notice it because of the clasps reflecting light, she pulls open drawers and appears to be looking for something
your eyes are becoming clogged from blood and tears, you ask Crys to wipe them so you may see better but she ignores you
standing up, she grabs your wrists, pulling them, the pain this causes in your shoulders causes you to cry out, you bite you lip to stop from doing that again
moving your hands back and forth, Crys uses the linking chain to rub against your pussy, using her fingers she opens you up, the chain laying directly on your clit, the cold metal rubs over you, back and forth relentlessly, Nadine is now standing with Crys her finger slide effortlessly into you pussy, "oh my, Crys, look at this, how wet she is, she is loving this ... what a bad girl", her fingers begin to pound into you, fucking you
through all the pain and the fear, you cannot stop what is being forced from you, your body betraying you, Crys working frantically with the chain at your clit, fingers squelching in and out of your pussy ... you arch your back as you cum, the orgasm is powerful, taking your breath, stopping it in your chest, you wail from pain, agony, fear and pure pleasure

with the echo of your screaming orgasm fading, a door opens, some distance away.
A man walks over, wearing a tool-belt and carrying some power-tool of some sort, he walks to the some cabinet that Nadine was at earlier.
while your attention is on the man, Nadine produces a tawse from somewhere behind her, a flat leather strap, which without hesitation she whacks it across your back, splashing into the blood and raising instant welts across the cuts already there
again and again she rhythmically beats the leather against your back, doing so with huge effort, each time the tendons of her neck, shoulders and arms stand out clearly.
your screams once again echoing around the building, Nadine drops the strap, watching you swing, you briefly pass out from the pain.
you awaken to Crys tending to the wounds, cleaning you down, the mess of blood and water beneath you is huge, no wonder you passed out, blood still flows from many of the wounds
off to one side, the man has coiled out an extension cable and begins to drive bolts into the concrete floor, the bolts are pinning down some sort of plate with a ring attached, he does this to 4 plates 
Nadine beckons Crys over to where she and the man are stood, "on your knees, Crys, like a dog"
with Crys on her knees, the man fastens manacles to her wrists and ankles, each to one of the plates, effectively bolting her to the floor, ass in the air
"good job Stian", she compliments him, moving over to Crys' side, she takes out a key and unlocks the collar from around her neck, finally freeing her from the leash.
"thank you Mistress", replies Stian
"I guess you'll be wanting your reward now ?", Nadine asked of him
"if it pleases Mistress, of course", comes his expected response
"good boy ... as your job is done, I guess you can have her"
moving with eager haste, he drops his trousers, and kneels behind Crys, his cock hard, glistening, with a single thrust he is inside her and pounding away like a horny mutt
you watch on, stunned into silence .. you hear Crys moaning as he pumps into her with some force
at the same time Nadine watches you, that same crazy smile on her face
while Stian is busily fucking Crys, Nadine wanders over to you, her hands exploring the open wounds ... you grimace as she touches them, poking her fingernail into the slash at the back of your thigh, you cry out, "please stop, Nadine, please" 
"I'll stop soon, do not worry darling"

with a stifled grunt, Stian slumps over Crys, obviously he has spent his load deep inside her
she is groaning, whether from pleasure, pain or the weight of the man it is too hard to tell.
he pulls out of her, tidies himself up and walks back over to Nadine, he mutters, "Jeg kommer tilbake om 30 minutter for � rydde opp", to which Nadine nods then he walks across the room and leaves
"we're almost done now baby", her voice never changing from the soft calming tone from the start, "we'll get you down from there also, but I have a couple of things to do first ...."

"it would appear that I am the only one today who has not had an orgasm, even the handyman got his before me, we must do something about that"

walking over to Crys, who looks up at her approach, for the first time, you get to see the blade that has caused so much torment, it's unusual, you've never seen anything like it.
she moves with lightning quick speed, you don't really see what she has done until she turns back to you ... blood dripping from the blade now, Crys slumped over, twitching, her throat cut and blood flowing freely.
as Nadine walks back over to you, you begin to cry ... poor Crys

"ohhh sweetie, don't cry for her .. she brought you to this", 

you hear a click, she presses her hand to your belly and shoves you, you begin to slide, swinging over the concrete floor.
you stop after a few moments, swinging a few times before coming to a rest, you are crying for Crys, but you feel a strange calm.
Nadine slaps your ass, and you feel an intense pain, her hand is covered by a glove which in turn is covered entirely in pins, your ass has been pierced dozens of times, again and again she spanks you, turning your ass into a pinhole blood coated mess.
"I&#8217;m glad to see you have learnt something today, you really have gained some self control", she's laughing as she says this, you barely hear it through the sobs and screams
beneath you is a recess, Nadine steps into this, spreading her legs she cuts away her own panties pulling them off with a flourish.
you begin to lower, coming down into this recess, your face in between her legs ... gripping your hair tight she forces your face into her pussy, "please me now, make me cum and this all ends".
you start to lick, your tongue pushing into her, past the soft shaven folds, into her hot wet cunt, lapping at her, drinking in her juices, the tip of your tongue quickly finds her clit, teasing it, toying with it, you suckle it into your mouth, pulling the bud hard against your teeth, your tongue continually toying with it
Nadine&#8217;s hips gyrate, grinding her cunt against your mouth, she bucks, and screams, an orgasm ... you almost feel relieved, until you feel the blade against your throat, she slices deep, one motion from jugular to carotid
still holding your onto your hair and grinding your face as blood flows over her belly, between her legs, all over your own face, she cums more and more as you twitch in her grasp until finally, you are both still ... her sated from from the orgasms, you, drained of blood, dead



Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Nadine Holland


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





