BDSM Library -  south africa




 south africa
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    cruel ladies torture slaves








All of Them are part of one of the most rich family in the world (The
Del Monte, a family coming by Argentina were They have some relatives
with the same taste) and by the high of Theirs status They think Theirs
word is low and to have power of life and death over the niggers who
work in Their estate and are here not for their want.


1. The picking

The white Limousine drove on very slowly in the middle of the poor
quarters of the city. Four security guards escorted the car. The black
tinted window-panes hide the passengers from all the poor black people,
who stared with wide eyes to this insolent show off of wealth there,
where even the most lucky could have food just once a day.
The Limousine came to a halt. Probably the passengers had seen
something interesting and ordered the chauffeur to stop the vehicle.
The car was by side of a woman with a son about eight years old, a
child with an evident heavy handicap to the legs and holding the
crutches. (I was that child).

One of the rear windowpanes came down and a beautiful white blond
woman with diamond earrings showed Her head out of the window. She was
about forty (but showed no more than thirty) with French "R". With
a snob tone mixed with disdain and feigned pity, She addressed the poor
woman: "Oh! Dear unlucky nigger (depreciatory form for black) woman.
We are here to help poor niggers like you, and observe that your son is
apparently unhappy with his handicap; you have no money to take care of
him. We want to adopt him so we can take care of this unhappy soul."
At these words, my poor mother with the impulse of her heart, embraced
the unlucky son as to protect and in a tearful voice, said, "But he
is all what I have in the world and he's the core of my heart". But
the blonde rich woman had decided already that She wanted this little
nigger and said, "Come on, it's for his own good, he will live in
our beautiful house and will be our mascot (euphemism to say animal)
and with a gesture of Her arm ordered one of the security guards to
pick me up. With that, the window pan went immediately up with no more
words. The guard got off his powerful Honda and approached my poor
mother in tears; and with little care picked me up and threw away my
crutches. Then he knocked at the door of the Limo that opened to let me
in and then shut at once to my shoulders and I disappeared at the sight
of my tearful mother. The Lady with diamond earrings ordered the driver
to drive (who cannot be seen due to black tinted window panel in
between) by interphone. Immediately the Limousine with its convoy set
off without a thank or a nod to my poor mother.

My poor mother, with eyes full of tears but with the hope for a better
life for her son and with her right hand waved
at the Limousine, which drove off far away with her son that She might
never see again.

2. The trip to the palace

But I could not see my mother. I was lost staring at what I was seeing
before my frightened eyes in the rear of the Limousine. I was lying on
the carpet and before me was something my mind never dreamt in my worst
nightmare. The rear of the Limousine was composed of a very large bed
and on this bed three very beautiful white blond women laid with a grin
on Their pretty faces. The young one in a leather red miniskirt and an
all black shirt with decoration in pure gold and this shirt ended up
the Her navel. But definitely all were wearing very expensive clothes
which might be worth more than 50, 000 rand each, expensive high heel 
diamond studed leather sandals on their beautiful feets as my face was so 
close to their sandals sole and one of them had a diamond on Her finger so 
large that sure was worth no less than two million US dollars. One among 
them was the woman that I saw through the windowpan and the other 
two were no more than 20 years old. But what more frightened me was 
what I was seeing in the centre of the bed; a littlecage (no more than 20
inch in length x 12 in breadth x 12 in height)that swung by a chain hanging
from the roof of the Limousine. And inthe cage was a naked black child of 
about my age. He was in a foetal position but his face was painfully up
pressing against the iron bars of the cage. He had no room for the slightest
movement. He had tears on his cheeks and his mouth was wide open because a
large ring inserted init. In the back of the bed was a large transparent
glass window so the passengers could see in the luggage trunk. And in the
trunk, there were many little faces with frightened eyes staring at the bed
before them.

They were all stuffed against each other because of the little space,
and were naked. With tears in my eyes, the only words that uttered out of
my mouth were "I want my mommy, I want my mo..mmyyy, pleeease let me go".
But my begging seemed only a reason of amusement for the three women
who stretched and relaxed on Their bed in the middle of soft silk
pillows. And then without warning the right feet of the older woman
smacked my face and my nose and lips starts bleeding as the high heel &amp;
leather sole of her sandal has hit them badly.
"Shut up bastard, you will never see your stupid mother again. We
have bought you, and now you, and the others stupid little poor niggers
in the trunk are our birthday present for the 18 years of my Twin
daughters, who are waiting home." While the mother was speaking, one
of the daughters was smoking, now and then flipping the ash in the
caged child's mouth. When Her cigarette had finished, She put out the
cigarette-butt directly on his tongue. "Oh no! She is using him as an
ashtray as this was the more natural act."

The older woman was still speaking "Now you will join these slave in trunk".
I had no more tears and did not understand what was coming. My eyes
and mouth were wide open in horror at what I was seeing. It was a
nightmare and I stayed motionless on the carpet so She grabbed me by the 
hair and literally dragged me on the rear &amp; pressed an electronic switch and
the transparent glass came down. She shoved me inside. Now I was in the luggage
trunk with the other twenty frightened child. She closed the glass panel and
I was in the dark, smothered with the other children.

I don't know what time passed, perhaps two or three hours. The trip
was a nightmare, we were all pressed one another with the eyes on the
transparent panel to see directly at the bed. We were having a little
example about what will be our future.

The women were all gaily and were chit-chatting about nothing. Now and
then they gave a vicious kick to the pending cage without concern where
Their foot landed, if on the rear or on the face of Their little
captive. And also every cigarette came to an end always on his little
wide open mouth. 
&nbsp; 
3. The arrival

Finally the limo came to a halt . The door of the limo opened and the
three women went out. The last to leave was the one in miniskirt and,
before get out, blew a mockingly kiss with Her right hand, then rotated
Herself on the bed so we all could see under Her miniskirt; She wore no
panties and was showing Her round ass without shame.

After what seemed an eternity the trunk opened and before us were two
hulk-men in uniform with a pistol to their side. They grabbed us one at
one and we finally we were out of this awful trunk. We were in a huge
garage with floor in Carrara Marble. With the Limo were other luxurious
cars; car I saw only on the magazine-cover in the bookstall: Ferrari,
Rolls, Lamborghini.

I counted us, we were twenty. All the same age from seven to nine, all
naked, all black and all skeleton-like due to the poor diet; some with
a the huge belly typical in the undernourished; some other like me were
handicapped.

The security-men indicate us to proceed before them. We, trembling with
fear, went out of the garage to pass in a long passage with huge iron
door-cell on the both side, I counted more then 100 doors and from some
of them I could hear distressed painful moaning.

At least we were in another room with no furniture, only black tilted
walls. The guards, after switched off the light, leave us shutting the
door after them. We were alone another time and in the darkness.
After some time the door opened and the woman of the Limo came in
turning on the light. She was not alone, at Her right side was a
beautiful sheep German dog, and in the left was a naked black man on
all four. But, while the dog was free and She was lovingly caressing
his head, the man was in chains with a leash attached to a large spiked
collars and the other end of the leash was in the left hand of the
beautiful woman. He had also bruises on all his body (also on his face)
and had no hands and foot.

She was in different outfits then in the Limo: a black silk thigh skirt
five inch up Her knees with floral decoration, an all white chemise
fitted under the skirt, the first gold buttons were open so Her
cleavage was in full view; She wore no bra and we could see the hard
nipples under the chemise. At the feet were white leather shoes with spiked
heels. Her frame was well toned and only now I understood that She was
very tall, perhaps 6'6" in Her heels so our head was at the level
of Her crotch..

While the man was licking Her shoes, She began to speak us with Her
snobbish tone: "My name is April but for you, if I will see you in
the future, I' am Mistress April. As I told when I collected you, you
are a little birthday present that me and my daughters Genevieve and
Karin want make to Twin. Their birthday day is tomorrow, so you are to
stay here some other time. I say no for food as at the moment there
are no garbage, we have already distribute it to the other slaves of
the mansion. And the white fresh meat is only for my lovely Hercules
here." "And remember, my Twins are Tara and Sarah and you have to
obey them because they will be yours Owners Goddesses. When tomorrow
I'll present you as my birthday present to my Angels, you have to
call them Mistress, immediately kneel and crawl to Their feet and kiss
and lick their shoes with the right devotion." Then She turned to left the
room, but before leaving, when She was at the door turned to facing our
another time: "Ah! Almost forgot, you have not worry about yours
mothers, after We collected you, they also were picked up by our guards
and conducted to Our diamond-mines. In this very moment they are 1000
meter underground and will work for Us the rest of theirs life without
ever see the sunlight." And with that the door closed after this
Goddess and Her two dogs. The light switch out and we were still in
darkness.

All we were tired and distressed to the high by this shocking day. But
the fear, the pangs of hunger prevented us to fall asleep, so we were
facing a very long night sitting on the cold floor. 
&nbsp; 
4. The preparatory

Finally the light turned off and two other security-men (I will know
that in all the estate there were more then 300 to prevent any risk for
the Owners and to maintain in line all the slaves who worked here)
entered the room. They also were body-builder-like with a pistol on one
side and a whip in the other attached to a hook of the belt. They
conducted us to an goods-lift and with that to an upper level of the
house.

We entered on a large hall were also the air on breath showed the most
impudent luxury. In the centre was a huge chandelier in pure-gold with
hundred of real diamond as pendant. The floor was in Carrara-marble
and on the walls were paintings of Picasso, Van Gog. Michelangelo,
Raffaello. The furniture were all in ebony with inlay in gold and ivory
and all the knick-knacks were gold. In the middle of the room, just
under the diamond-chandelier was a very huge tower-like cake, five
meter by diameter for three in high, all white cream with candled
fruits and morons glaces all other; on the top was a gold-plate with
this writing "Happy birthday to you".

But also in the middle of this luxury was something that came sure from
a nightmare: "The chairs" were very special, there were six, all in
hard ebony wood, but at every chair was chained a living being, a black
living being all skeleton-like children They were bend so theirs heads or 
their bellies were where normally the people put their arse when they sit 
down. Their wrists and ankles were chained to the massive chair-legs, 
the hands were also nailed with large nails that (to not ruin the chairs), 
after to have pierce through the hands, were inserted in a round hole in 
the chair-leg and then fixed with a large screw who entered in the 
chair-legs by the other side. The ones who had theirs belly up on the 
chairs had a belly enormously inflated (I will find later that every day one 
of the staff inflated the belly with a special liquid to softened so the
Mistresses can sit down with much comfort.

The security-guards put us near a wall and then went to the two three
corners of the room (the others were already occupied by two other
guards) and stayed here to control us. We always all naked, all starved
(were two day that we eat nothing), the back on the wall, trembling in
fear and with tears rolling down ours cheeks stay here don't knowing
ours destiny.

Then entered the woman we know as Mistress April and She was alone
without Her dogs. As always Her attires &amp; shoes were another time different 
but always so breathtaking luxurious. She approached us, when she was
before us "Finally is the great day, the day My sweet angels will
become of age. What are my little bastards here, do you are hungry? You
have to wait some other little time and the cake is not for you. And
remember what I said to you yesterday, what do you have to do when you
see My Twins. Now follow me." With that She turned and approached to
the cake. When She was near the cake She opened a hidden door on one
side of the cake and: "Now you have to enter here and stay put till
the door will be open again, then you have to come out and immediately
knell down and crawl to the feet of My Twins kissing Their shoes and calling
Them Mistress as I told you yesterday". We all entered the cake one
at time and then the hidden door closed after us and we were all alone
another time.

After some time in the darkness we hear noises approaching, gaily
voices all around the cake chit-chatting. And some voices will begin to
singing "Happy birthday to you......." And them the voice of
Mistress April "Yours present is in the cake, come on open the door
My dears"

Finally the door opened and four eyes was staring in the cake. Were the
eyes of the Twins, They also were breathtaking beautiful and very high,
but They were not blond as Theirs sisters and Mother, They were
dark-haired. Dressing the same manner with expensive black leather 
boots with stiletto heel, close-fitting jeans which modelled Theirs leg
and ass asa 2d skin. The jeans buttons were all in pure-gold. A black
Ti-shirt with gold decoration that modelled Theirs body.
As instructed we all came out crawling on all four and began to kiss
Theirs boots calling Them "Mistress Tara" and "Mistress Sarah".
"They are all Yours My darling, they are Yours new chamber-slave to
replace the ones you have who now, if I know Yours taste, are too much
older for You.

The Twins surrounded by little sobbing, kissing and licking slaves were
in heaven. One of Them embraced Her mother "Oh! Mommy, what a
wonderful present. I was tired to see always the same faces in My
chamber, the news always add some spice in life."
Also the other Twin was delighted: "Mommy I would like that we have
to end all the remaining chamber-slave this very evening to toast Ours
coming of age."

But the mother replayed "Dear, we have to be careful, in this days is
not so easy to find new replacement; there are may association witch
hate the white, they don't think We are the same to God. This
bastards fight to give rights to the niggers. So, every time We have to
find new slave is more and more difficult. I think is better to send
them with the others 1000 who work in the garden of Ours estate. I'm
sure that You always can find some ways to torment them as you always
do with the others niggers in the garden. But is better not terminate
too many."

"Oh! Mommy" said Mistress Tara "but is Ours birthday, You can do
a little exception, days like this come only one time in a life. We
want remember them as the better of Ours life."
"You sure know how touch my hart, you know that I can never say NO at
Yours pleas. Ok You can do all you want. But tell me dear, you sure
know already as you want end them"

"Yes but......., Me and Sarah will made prepare them in the garden
for the evening. For now I don't tell you anything. Me too want made
a little surprise to my lovely Mommy and Sis. I can tell You only that
one evening I want fell like the Roman Emperor Nero"
At this point the mother gave to Tara and Sarah another kiss on the
cheeks and invited them to the table to eat the cake that was
interdicted to us. The Twins give us a kick to free Theirs feet and all
of Them gathered around the table, and stayed here till the guards pull
back the chairs (witch were so much heavy) so all of them can sit. And
finally all sit down without regard of the living being chained and
nailed to. 

Yes They were using this poor slaves as pillow to rest Theirs asses.
The mother sit down on the belly of an black child Mistress Genevieve 
also sit down on the belly of another child slave, a little one. All the 
other used the faces as pillows, the Twins lifted the hem of their 
mini-skirt so only the thin tissue of the underpants separated the tender 
asses by theface of the slaves.
Now I remember that I was horrified by this vision, and in my mind I
was thinking that the slave will be suffocated. But I will know when
will come my time that all were trained to this service by some white
fem-servant.

We all stayed trembling, mouth wide opened in disbelief and starved by
two day without a morsel to eat; and before ours eyes five women in the
full of Theirs strength were toasting and eating to Theirs hearts
content without a regard for all the suffering people near and under
Them.

After many toasts They all stood up, and Mistress April said to one of
the guard to carry the remaining of the cake (witch was almost intact)
to the pigs. So we were starved and These women were thinking to theirs
pigs and not to us; for Them we were sure less valuable then pigs. And
Mistress Tara and Sarah ordered the others three guards to put us in a
cage and carry us to the garden so we too will can see the evening
entertainments. With that They went out without a regard to us.

The guards went back to us and ordered to go, we entered by a door (not
the same were the women walked in) and we were in a long alleyway and
then in another room witch was directly open on the garden. Was the
first time we were seeing the sun in two days. The garden was a
paradise and we can't see the borders so large it was. Now and then
we saw slaves in chain, who worked to maintain the garden, every two or
three there was a guard armed with a whip, who supervised the work and
that didn't spared to beat them. They conducted us across the garden
to the place where will be the party. The iron-cages were already here,
there were twenty, one each, and were dangling from twenty high
iron-poles with a shape of "L" upside-down; from one gage to the
other were ten meters and all were forming a large circle with in the
middle a large wooden table. The guards pulled down the cages with help
of a pulleys, and then put us in them. Finally all the cages were
pulled up to the high of five meters. Were the first hours of the
afternoons and the sun was high in the sky and we had no shadow to
repair; the iron-bars were burning and so our skin. The mouth was dry
as we were not drinking so much time. The hours passed and we almost
passed out.

Finally, when the sun was far away in the horizon and the burning
subsided, we heard some noises approaching, and immediately we saw the
Twins in short leather skirts, silk tops, expensive high heel leather shoes, 
They were not alone, five guards escorted Them. We saw also two
carriages each pulled by four chained naked old black slaves under the
swift of the guards whips.

On one carriage were twenty wooden crosses the same high of ours poles.
On the other were twenty very little cages in witch were sure the
little ex chamber-slaves who They talked in the room where They eat the
tower-cake. Was a terrific vision, I didn't saw ever one person in so
bad condition, they seemed went out by the worst part of the inferno.
At the first glimpse they seemed dead, but then I saw little movements
and some feeble sobbing. They had bruises all other theirs body, some
very recent. Some were only a piece of torso without theirs arms and
legs to the high of shoulders and groins. Some others had only black
holes in the place of the eyes. One was without all, legs, arms, eyes,
tongue, also he was without a face. There were also two more lucky with
only some bruises on theirs body. I will learn then that they were the
pleasure slaves; the ones They used to lick Theirs most intimate parts.
The slaves who pulled here the carriages, began to discharge, all was
put on earth, cages and crosses. They also began to do twenty holes in
the garden, each for every cross, so there was one cross and one of the
poles with the cages with us in them and so on till the end of the
circle. Then every cage was put near the respective cross.

The Twins wanted all perfect for Their evening so They wanted
supervised all the settings giving instructions. First They wanted fix
the pleasure slaves, the only with all their belongings intact. The
Twins went near the cages of Theirs two first captives and in a soft
tone whispered some words witch were a life sentence for the poor boys:
"Dear Us little animals you was Our delight for all the last year,
and We are very grateful to you. We are sure We will regret the loss of
yours wonderful and well trained tongues. But alas all came to end, and
We want some wonderful new supply. So you can give Us your last job and
then die for Ours glory, entertaining at Ours birthday party. Sure your
death will not be so easy, and perhaps with a little pain; but so is
the life, you are shit and We are Goddesses, you are born poor and We
are between the richest family in the world, you go and We stay, you
suffer and We enjoyed, you die and We toast to the good life."
The poor children were screaming telling Theirs Mistress "please keep us 
alive, we are Yours most devote slaves, we don't deserve the death, please
save us&nbsp; Holy Goddesses".

But their fate was sealed, the Twins were bored with them and wanted fresh 
meat. With a wave of the hand They called two guards and gave them the
order to open the cages. The guards without a fly of eyes opened the cages,
grabbed the children by the roots and put them out. The Twins
instructed the guards to put the slaves flat on the crosses, then They
raised a little Theirs miniskirt and comfortably sat on the little
faces engulfing them under Theirs beautiful asses: They wanted a last
ministration. Only now came the order to nail the poor children to the
cross.

The guards (sure well paid to not do questions and recruited between
notorious nazi skins who hated niggers) brought heavy hammer and thick
long nails with a head about two inch, and began.... The first
horrendous nailing. 

The children began screaming, but their cries ended under the Twin's
bottoms, and the only result was a warm breath witch gave heavenly
orgasmic shiver to the devil Twins. Blow after blow the little slave
were now nailed, hand and feet, to the dreaded cross; only now the
Twins raised from Their cushions to contemplate the work, the naked
nailed forms with red contorted feature (due the pain and the previous
ministration). In Their eyes was visible the big orgasm and They seemed
satisfied of the work. But in a last devilish thinking They picked up
some long needles, and now sitting oh the chest of the unlucky beings
and began to insert the needles under the all the fingernails. The
screaming were now high due the slave were without gag and this screams
seemed music on the ears of the Twins.

Then one by one all the slaves were put out of their cages and all were
put on the cross but the endless fantasy of the Twins make every cross
a different things. One was nailed upside-down. Another with no legs
was nailed only by the hands and an heavy iron ball was attached to a
collar with a chain to his neck, to preventing the rupture of the hands
were put five nails for every arm from the elbows to the wrists. The
ones with no hands and arms whatsoever were fixed on the cross with a
barbed wire witch twisted round theirs poor bodies. In the sockets of
the ones without eyes were put hooks with a weight attached. The one
without nothing was the most lucky (if we can say so) because he came
to death before his new ordeal began; so the Twins ordered to bring him
to the kennel for the scrumptious meal of Theirs lovely dogs.
So one cross was without its belonging so the Twins ordered to fix on
it one the slaves who pulled the carriages and with finger Tara pointed
to an old frail slave, he was only 45 but because the strict and cruel
regime of his life he seemed the double. He was still chained with the
others to his carriage but when the guard began to unchain him, he
began to agitate himself in a last futile attempt to not die. When he
was free kneeled and approached his beautiful tormenters kissing Their 
elegent shoes toes

"Please not me, pleaaase if You want my death, shot me here on the
spot. i'm here working for Your family from already ten years. i saw
You when You were only little child Now please let me continue to work 
for You my Holy Goddesses."

A laugh came from the Twins And with that Sarah extrected Her bullwhip 
and began to whip him on the face. She gave him more then 100 lashes. 
At the end of this ordeal his face was skinned and his eyes were hanging 
out of sockets still attached to thin long nerves now lying on ground as 
he falls mistress tara put sole of her shoe on his one eyeball starts to 
apply pressure crushing against ground slave starts to scream and writher
in pain she comented "i think he can still feels the pain in eyesballes
" with that she crushed his eyeball completely under leather sole of her 
luxury shoes where mistress sarha crushed the other eyeball to pulp under 
her shoe.
 
Finally to one guard "Put him on his cross and don't spare a
nail." And to another guard "Meanwhile you can go to Ours rooms
and carry Us the two baseball-bat that We keep with the other
sport-items."

The last crucifixion lasted more then 10 minutes. Under the
instructions and the laugh of the Twins over 20 nails were put on him,
also his privates were weren't spared and nailed to the cross, two
nails for in shaft and one for each of his testicles and for all the
time Tara was keeping Her left feet in his mouth. When all was finished
with a final act They extinguished Theirs cigarettes in his screaming
mouth.

They seemed satisfied, but one last horror scene was in store before
fixing the crosses in their hole. The guard with arrived from the house
with in the hands two wooden baseball-bat and gave them to the devil
Twins. They began to weight in one's hand these the larges bats and
in a moocher tone Tara said: "My loving pets, you know that We love
you very much, also if you are only shit. We have to do a last work,
because We don't want that you run away before the evening
entertainments. So We have to break yours arm's and leg's bones and
then you can rest till evening. See what love We have for you, We want
you will enjoy Ours birthday as much as Us." And at this sarcastic
words the twins began to laugh at Their heart content.

The Twins placed themselves one at the right and one at the left of the
first cross, the one with the only adult.....and the mallet blow began.
The scream were eared till the house and came to the ears of Their
Mother, Who was relaxing under the large arcade with Her two dog: one
was couched at Her side and She was lovingly caressing his head; the
other (the human dog) was at Her feet, his knees on many pebbles was
licking sole of leather mules on Her lovely feet. She wanted see what Her 
Twins were doing, so She gave a hard kick to the mouth of Her human-dog 
making his nose bleed sending him away.

She then kept his leash, which this time was attached to his balls and
was so short that his balls seemed to be ripped out at every step. Sure
for him was a pure agony to proceed on his amputated legs and arm on
the hard pebbles of gravel road of the garden in contrast to extremly 
comfortable high heel leather mules on mistress feet makes her feel like 
walking on smooth carpet; and She was not sparing some kick in the balls. 
Also the German dog began trotting with them, only he was free. She don't 
want to be saw because She promise to not interfere and so, when She was 
near the area of the evening-feast She stopped behind a the hedge that 
surrounded the area. She stay here with a little smile on Her beautiful 
angelic face till Her daughters were to the tenth mallet blow, the moment 
when the Twins kept some rest. She returned to the palace with little noise
to not be ear by the Twins, but what She saw was a prelude of a spectacular 
evening.

The Twins were a little tired and Tara in a sort of hilariously remark:
"I don't though that prepare the Birthday holiday was so hard, these lazy 
scumbag are doing nothing, they rest on their cross and look at Us without 
a little concern for Our hard labour. I would like to be at their place, but 
unlucky me I have to restart My hard work and all in the day of My birthday" 
and with that They began to laugh hysterically.
"Work time" stated Sarah regaining Her composure and They came to
the twelfth cross beginning another time their work. Blow by blow, in
the middle of pleas of mercy and cries, They came to the last cross with 
its host, the second (the first was the dead one)
without nothing but a torso. They stopped, a last look around, to all
the brook-boned slave and Tara said "Finished, it's been hard but
finally is all out"

A wave and the guards began to put the crosses in their holes and here
fixed with theirs burden of misery. At the end a guard with a
floor-cloth attached to a very long rod began to pitch all the nailed
screaming slaves, and in a few minutes they were all black and ready
for the evening.

Before leaving the Twins, with a grin on Theirs beautiful faces, began
to speak to all us: "Dear poor Ours things, as you know this is Ours
birthday, and in a such day We want all the world happy. We, yours
Goddesses, and also you that are the shit of the world. So this evening
will be the most great evening in all the world. We and Ours friends
will eat, dance and make love in this garden. You will be happy to see
Us, to entertaining Us, also to die for Us. Only two hours and we will
be here for the ultimate holiday." With that They went away with all
Their court of guards. 
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
5. The arrival of Alessandra and Barbara e Michaela

When They entered in the mansion Theirs Mother and Sisters were here 
relaxed and just in the attire for the party. There were only one slave to 
attend Them. And the Mother:"Hurry My Dear, only a hour and your Cousin 
Barbara and her mother Alessandra will be here. They land in our private 
aerodrome with their jet. And We have to be prepared. "Not worry Mommy, 
you know that We can be prepared in a little time if We want. We will be 
at the aerodrome in time."

With that the Twins came to theirs room which were empty for the first
time, only one slave to attend. All theirs chamber slave were crucified
for the party. They undressed, and before to go to the bathroom, in a 
lust of passion kissed each other, a French-kiss. And theirs hands began 
to fondle their bodies, careless that They were sisters. They thought that 
all were permitted to persons like them. After only one minute They
stopped, the time was tyrant. So all naked went on the bathroom and
here was a little surprise, two last slaves were here: the slave who
attended to Theirs corporal functions. One, a child about 8 was
chained hand and feet to comode like box with comfortable leather seat 
with hole in center to accomodate ass of mistress sitting on it , his head 
was inside the box from back turned up &amp; he was without all teeth So the 
Twins after relieved themselves sits comfortabely on leather seat pushing 
their ass or pussy to his face in box so he could lick Them clean. 

The other, a child about 10 was under the floor and a large sheet of 
crystal permitted to all to see his naked body completely immobilized. 
His body rested on a hard board with little drawing-pin; other needles 
were in his flesh and were attached at some little chains which, by little 
holes on the sheet were available to the hands of who was sat on the WC. His 
head was not in sight, was fitted directly in the WC and only who lifted the 
cover can see his black face before sitting to pee and shit. The bathroom
slaves from the moment entered in their place will not eat nothing but
the waste of the Mistress till their death, normally not much more
then two week for the cleaning slave who eat nothing, but the WC could
survive more then six month.

But this time the Twins don't had time to amuse themselves, so they
pissed without a think in the slave mouth and bathed in 5 minutes.
Theirs birthday-dresses were on the bed; two black dresses to their
calves, with tens diamonds all over. In front they were cut to see the
almost all theirs breasts; and in the back the cut arrived to the
beginning of the crack. Two elegent diamond studed golden leather 
shoes with spiked-heels made of real gold&nbsp; and two gold-diamond
crown completed theirs attires. They wear their dresses and starts to put 
on the makeup while their only slave tooks off their slippers and puts on 
their elegent golden shoes on their beautiful feet in the process twins 
steped numbers of time on poor slaves hands with&nbsp; those spiked-heels made 
of real gold of their elegent shoes results a inch deep painful wound in 
middle of his right hand bleeding freely and two nails of his fingers got 
seperated one lying on floor where other one sticking to the tip of mistress 
sarahs gold heel which got noticed by mistress sarah while she was glancing 
her beauty on a full lenth mirror, upset by this she shouted at slave "where 
this bloody mess come from sticking to my lovely shoes heel you useless 
slaves cant do even a simple task right you ruined all my birthday looks 
you know how much these shoes cost only one shoe from this pair if 
sold can feed well your entier village for next 100 years &amp; you slaves 
starts to bleed &amp; loose body parts even doing simple task you will now 
remove this blody mess and clean my heels with only using your mouth, toung 
&amp; lips that too while I am giving final touch to my makeup as we dont have 
time now start you dumb asshole" 

slave already in extreme pain shockingly lowered his 
mouth towards her heel with sticking nail with great danger of extreme 
injuries to his face, mouth &amp; toung by her spiked-heel made of real gold 
which she is carelessly moving here &amp; there while busy in making herself more 
beautiful by her makeup after few tries slave sucssced in cuping tip of her 
gold heel in his mouth as she leaned on her toe applying mascara on her 
beautiful eyes as he struggle hard to remove sticky nail from heel with his 
toung she sensed it &amp; immediatly lowered her heel still in slaves mouth full 
weight sends heel tip scraching slaves lower gum &amp; inside of lower lip pierce 
right through joining point of gum &amp; inside lip came out all the way through 
lower end of his chin slave starts to writher in extreme pain mistress sarah 
lookes over her shoulder to her slave and said " now what you cant even do a 
simple task of cleaning my heels without a mess stupid slave" with that twins 
starts to laugh as slave writhers badly and sceams in extreme agony as mistress 
sarah gold heel pokes right from his mouth to his chin as she tries to pull 
out her heel it only makes slave squirm &amp; scream more in pain as it stuck 
there she said "i think the diamonds encrusrted all over these gold heels are 
stuck in slaves flesh stopping heel to slide out" meanwhile pulling &amp; streching 
her heels all the time causing great pain to slave, 'sarah try twisting your 
heel side by side see if this works' said mistress tara, mistress sarah starts 
to twist her heel which shreds slaves flesh around gold heel causing him to 
squirm in excruciating pain his muffuled screams made twins moan in pleasure 
this painful ordeal continued for some time &amp; at last twisting shreded enough 
of slaves flesh around gold heel then mistress sarah pulled her heel out 
leaving slave to writher &amp; screaming on floor.

Then They joined Mother and Sisters to go to their personal airport. A
silver Rolls cabrio was waiting in the garden. In about ten minutes
they were at the air-strip to receive the relatives from Argentina.
From the jet's door emerged one stunning woman, She was lady
Alessandra Del Monte, and just after Her were two more young girl: Her
daughter Miss Barbara with her best friend Miss Michaela. They all
matched in beauty with theirs South African relatives. High over 6 foot
and angelical features and as we will see Them matched also in cruelty
and were spoilt in the same manner, all full of themselves.

"What do you do dears" saw Mistress April "And do you have had a
good voyage?"

"Ten ours of voyage are always a little boring, but We carried with
Us ten peasants to entertain. And We tossed them out of the airplane
only 1 our before the arrival. You had to see as they were flying, two
miles of free falling over the ocean. But some were almost dead before
We tossed them out" "But let see the Evening-Stars, my lovely
Nephews. Oh! What a beautiful vision, you are sure between the most
beautiful girls in the world.".

6. The evening party

Finally all of them came to the rolls and then to go directly to the
party area.

All the area was lighted a day in the same manner then in a stadium.
Every unlucky form in the cages and on the crosses were lighted with a
round light such as on a stage.

all women in rolls delighted to see a row of slaves on ground from where the 
door of rolls opened to the main party area like a long soft living carpet to 
walk on, around 200 slaves were secured horizontaly on their belly in a row one 
after another to form a carpet on walkway to party area, a surprise by mistress 
april for grand celebration of her twins birthday, as beautiful cruel women 
steps out of rolls one by one digging their pointy heels on bareback of poor 
slaves showing off their beautiful pampered feet in elegent high heels walks 
towards party area on carpet made of weak male, female &amp; even child slaves as 
pointy heeels under weight of healthy goddesses penetrate deep into their flesh 
they starts to squirm &amp; writher in extreme pain but couldn't do much as their 
bodies were secured firmly to the ground &amp; their tounges were removed by pulling 
out on instruction by mistress april as she dosent want guests &amp; party to be 
disturbed by their screams so they only throw their heads side to side &amp; moan 
horibbely &amp; painful which is making goddesses hot &amp; wet, mistress april walks 
in the last of all godesses, she is the tallest &amp; healthiest of all of these 
goddess &amp; wearing very elegent 5000$ white fine leather diamond studded jimmy 
choo sandals with dangerously pointy real gold high heels on her pampered feet 
seriously damaging slaves already mutilated back, she got a business call on her 
way she hopped a few slaves to find a soft &amp; comfortable area on slave carpet to 
stand &amp; recive call after 3 min. passed she was still busy in her call she 
suddenly decends with loud cracking sounds she looked down in surprise of what 
has just happened she saw that back of the slave on whome she was standing for 
last few minuts has broken &amp; caved in he was just a child of around 10yrs. old 
whos weak body couldnt support the weight of tall healthy goddess standing 
comfortably on him for long &amp; his backbone gives way breaking into pieces, but 
he was still alive &amp; throwing his head side to side flipping like fish out of 
water in unbearable pain trying to say something to the goddess standing on him 
through his toungeless mouth in between his horibbly painful moaning must be 
requesting her to step off his back to releave some of his agony &amp; avoid further 
damage to him, which she dosent heed &amp; stands there enjoying his pain &amp; misery 
giggling &amp; smiling cruely as she knows it that how much pain she is making him 
go thru &amp; how much more she can make him go thru by further damaging his body 
under her crushing weight standing there on his weak &amp; already broken body an 
inch of her pointy heels have just disapeared into his flesh, then she continued 
her talk on phone standing there on his back ignoring his pain &amp; miseries after 
1 min. or so as her phone talk just got over she again decends further after loud 
cracking sounds she exclaimed 'ooopps! what now he he he he he' giggling cruely 
&amp; looked down to see his rib cage which was bearing all her weight after his 
backbone broke has also broken into peices her point heels already penetrated 
deep into his flesh now has passed thru damaging &amp; crushing several of his vital 
organs seeing this she closed her eyes rolled her tounge on her lips &amp; moan in 
ecstacy &amp; walked on to the party area through her living carpet.

All the other guest were here all a little nervous. They were accustomed 
to the cruelty of their women, but what was surrounding them perhaps was 
too much. All their nervousness passed when they saw all the lovely young 
women came .&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sam_boy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





