BDSM Library - How i've become  a slave to my toys




How i've become  a slave to my toys
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   about my self bondage adventures out doors and how I love to torture my self. looking for a playmate.






HOW I&#8217;VE BECOME A SLAVE TO MY TOYS
It&#8217;s been a while since I have written a short story about things I like to do.&nbsp; It has been a long time since my wife and I have had anything to do with each other as far as sex is concerned. Basically she stays in one end of the house and I the other, this is good for me in a way. There are many nights that I like to stay up late and search the internet for ways of playing with one &#8217;s self. I am into bondage and always want to be punished hard; I like to go out behind the house where I have put a few eye hooks in various places. On some nights after watching some real good BDSM movies I get out my various size ropes and little chains with locks and strip naked. I put the chains on my ankles and leave them loose until later. I have several toys that are made for torturing my cock and balls. I have a large locking chastity device that has little spikes on the inside of it that will cause a lot of pain should I get a hard-on which I do. It&nbsp; has even drawn a little blood at times and I have been in such a frizzy that I have even jerked off with it and had some of my best orgasms.&nbsp; A small parachute cord size rope is tied around the base of my cock and balls behind the balls, I use a double tie and pull as tight as I can and this makes me harder, I then tie the chastity device&#8217;s lock to the base of my cock pulling it back as far as it will go, more pain. I continue to tie the rest of the cord from the front of the device (like a 1 inch ring on a hinge and 2 loops on top for a lock to go through.) and continue to tie the cord as tight as I can to the back side of my cock head tying it in a knot. I then take a electrode patch from my tens unit and place it on the tip of my cock covering the head. Then I take electrical black tape and proceed to wrap it around the patch and my cock head stretching the tape as I wrap it. As the tape tries to get its shape back by un-stretching, it tightens around my cock head assuring a good connection from the patch. I then tie a rope around my waist pulling as tight as I can. I put an electrode patch just behind my balls and between my butt hole. I take the loose ends of the rope in front over my cock and behind my balls and tie it tight. Then I pull both ends of the cord back between my legs and up over the waist rope and back through my crotch covering the patch for a good connection, then I tie the ropes to the&nbsp; front of&nbsp; my waist cord. Now I get my head harness with a gag out and set it aside. I have a spiked parachute device that hangs from my balls with 3 little chains attached and a hook at the end. Now I go naked out back to the side of my shed where I have the eye bolts screwed in. 2about 3 feet apart near the ground and 1 over my head as far as I can reach with my legs apart. I have a short chain looped through the eye bolt with a combination lock securing it. now I take the chains on my ankles and lock them to the eye bolts as far apart as I can. I have a 5 pound weight that I hook to the parachute chain hanging on my balls causing the sharp spikes to dig into my ball sack the more I move the more they cut into my balls. I now put my head harness on with the ball gag and lock it on. I have made a hood made of spandex that I pull over my head now. It has a small hole for my nose. If stretched enough you can see through it enough to see little things. I now take my hand cuffs and put them on one wrist with the key pole pointing to my fingers. Now I&#8217;m ready. Before putting the hand cuffs through the chain above my head I turn on the tens unit turning it up slowly. I max it all the way up to 10 actually 9 by the knob. I have the tens unit hooked to the waist rope so I can&#8217;t get to it. Now I take the cuffs and slide one end through the chain overhead. Now I have to wait yes wait! Any movement&nbsp; causes pain in my balls and the tens unit keeps going at the head of my cock after about 10 minutes I have an electrifying experience and climax hard and my body jerks in orgasm causing the weight to dig in to my balls deeper and deeper. Adding to my orgasm and this goes on and on, finally I manage to overcome it and stand as still as I cam but then about 30 minutes or so again I&#8217;m shaking all over light headed&nbsp; and in heaven. The battery lasts anywhere from 1 to 2 hrs and fades slowly. Now I have to wait for enough sun light to be able to see through the spandex enough to unlock the combination lock and get the keys around my neck. When I get lose and take all the bindings and cuffs off and remove the electrodes my cum runs out of my cock and it feels almost like I&#8217;m Cuming again. A shower and nap and ready for the day.&nbsp; 
I have tied and cuffed myself to trees and in my end of the house too. There is always a chance of being caught and I always wonder what that would lead to? Think I gotta play tonight.&nbsp; LOL



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  wannabme_2000


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





