BDSM Library - The Red Shoe




The Red Shoe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Naughty slave is left chained to a fence with a sign- "fuck this slut". Many take advantage of this invitation.






It had been a bad day full of bad behaviour.&nbsp; He'd finally had enough of her terrible attitude and now she finds herself cold, blindfolded with each wrist handcuffed to a wire fence in the deserted downtown core. He half dragged her by the hair, unmindful of her pleading and yowling and threw her up against the fence.&nbsp; His body pinned to hers he kissed her so sweetly it sucked out all her breath.&nbsp; Dark eyes staring into hers he whispers softly as he strokes her cheek&nbsp; "Baby, you want to make it better don't you? You know you do"&nbsp; That low voice reverberating off every one of her nerve endings she nods once and whispers another apology to no avail.&nbsp; "That's my girl.&nbsp; You're going to get raped, and I'm going to watch every second. Such pretty tears.&nbsp; I want to hear you scream."

He kisses her again and gives one bruised nipple a playful twist before leaving her all alone and vulnerable.

She shivers and whines as the cold wind snakes over her pink skin.&nbsp; He'd prepared her by stripping her down and lashing her 100 times with his own belt.&nbsp; The welts were just starting to rise on her inner thighs and on the tops of her juicy breasts.&nbsp; Her face is streaked with tears and she can't stay still- she wiggles lewdly against the fence as she hears the distant shouts of drunk club goers.&nbsp; She flinches as her long red hair brushes against her sore little nipples and another whine escapes.

He decided that she shouldn't be completely naked in the end.&nbsp; He's allowed her to wear shoes out of the goodness of his heart.&nbsp; A pair of crippling, shiny red heels that are so high that she can not stand still comfortably- she continues to shift her weight from one foot to the other which results in a lewd little wiggle, her hips rolling every few seconds and that ass scraping against the fence.

He's left an invitation blazed across her tummy and an arrow pointing down to her exposed pussy.&nbsp; "Fuck this filthy slut".

More tears now as she starts to get disoriented and realizes that no one will rescue her... she hurts already, the pain from the thrashing he gave her is starting to tire her combined with hanging naked off of a fence.&nbsp; She freezes when she hears the footsteps.&nbsp; Someone is approaching with a little whistle as if they haven't got a care in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; She strains to see if she can make out anything past the blindfold and chokes back another sob.

The foot steps slow when she's spotted... it's dark but her pale skin is like some sort of beacon in the sea- screaming out her presence at 100 decibels.&nbsp; Another little whistle of amazement as she senses someone slow and stop right in front of her.&nbsp; She can half imagine him looking around for spectators, cameras or something that would capture his presence.&nbsp; She can feel the weight of the decision on him as he tentatively reaches out and pinches one of her pert pink nipples cruelly.

His voice is a gravely, rough whisper, the result of 20+ years of smoking and drinking... "Looks like someone got herself in trouble in the wrong part of town.... Tell me Princess... what will happen if I shove my cock into you?"

His dirty hands snake down her belly and to those puffed up pussy lips.&nbsp; He's slightly shocked at how wet she is, but feeling this his last words are punctuated by shoving two thick fingers into her slit and beaming when he feels her soaked and smooth skin clamp down around them.

He's so close she can smell the whiskey on his breath, the slightly stale smell of sweat that surrounds him and she yelps and tries to tear herself away from the fence and his fingers.&nbsp; Of course the restraints hold and she's forced to stay there, a little puppet on his fingers.&nbsp; More tears as she stutters and speaks the words she was told to.

"You're allowed, I'm a bad, bad, dirty whore who deserves this.&nbsp; I'm a slut, please take what you want from me"&nbsp; 

A brief chuckle and he removes his fingers and looks around again before she hears his zipper.&nbsp; He leans up against her and pinches and bites at her nipples and neck, her soft hair tickling his face as his whiskers scrape against her smooth pink skin.&nbsp; In a second he forces his cock into her and she screams.&nbsp; He's too thick... it half splits her as she thrashes and bounces off the fence.&nbsp; He tries to shut her up by jamming two fingers between her fat little lips.. his other hand keeping hold of her hip, bearing down so hard that his fingers are likely leaving bruises.

After a second he growls, she's not quite tall enough for the angle to be good and he pulls out and begins lifting her leg.&nbsp; With some effort he manages to hook one of her heels into a link of the fence.&nbsp; It's high enough so that she can't lift her leg out, nor can she shake off the shoe.&nbsp; Pleased with this he reaches in to rub at her pussy with his cock before glancing at the other leg.&nbsp; Another harsh whisper

"oh, the next guy will thank me for this.... lets get you all spread out, put everything on display properly.."&nbsp; 

And he hoists her up, trapping her other heel in a high fence link.&nbsp; She's pinioned there, legs completely spread, pink little dripping pussy fully visible, cold wind finding all of her secret parts.&nbsp; She screams and chokes back more sobs- thrashing around and trying to shake off the blind fold to no avail.&nbsp; The man just laughs.

"no one around here for miles that would care little fuck slut.&nbsp; Get ready... Daddy's going to tear you all up now"

And he does.&nbsp; Forcing that overly thick cock into her trapped and spread legs.&nbsp; Holding on to her tits as he does, squeezing and panting against her as he labours- fucking her harder then he's probably fucked anything in years. It doesn't last too long, he's out of practice and the overwhelming sense of good luck has his legs buckling fairly quickly... he pulls out and shoots his load all over her legs...she feels the hot cum splash on her skin and sobs some more- knowing what she must look like as he cleans off his cock on her leg, rubbing himself lewdly against her before zipping back up and giving her a little kiss on the cheek.&nbsp; He continues down the way without trying to free her or speaking again.&nbsp; Whistling again as he walks away, leaving her dirtier and dripping with cum.

Somewhere she can feel Him watching and smiling... poor, poor little girl, so prone and exposed and used.&nbsp; It's only going to get worse too.&nbsp; She can just about hear those words whispered into her ear as the wind assults her again, beating against her little pussy and making her shiver.

Some time passes before she hears any more noise.&nbsp; This time it's two sets of feet and the loud hollering of very, very drunk people.&nbsp; She can hear them pause as well when they spot her, as well as a whispered discussion as they assess the situation.&nbsp; Sooner then later two hands land on her tits, they squeeze and scrape, nails dragging over her skin as she yowls in protest. 

A slap to the face as she screams and a hiss telling her to shut the fuck up.&nbsp; She does and the hands are everywhere again squeezing and pinching and scraping, exploring every inch of her body, pinching every bruise and pulling at her hair hard.&nbsp; But she only senses one person on her, where did the other one go?

There's not much time to consider this further as the hands continue to get rougher and rougher, slapping now... her tits, her face, her thighs- leaving bright read hand prints with each smack.&nbsp; Every time she screams her face gets slapped hard enough to bring more tears to her eyes.&nbsp; Finally he sets in to work on her pussy, slapping it, pinching her clit ridiculously hard and forcing 3 fingers into her, half tearing her.&nbsp; He's laughing as he does this.. leaning in to bite at her neck, her breasts and her arms... his other hand still dragging along her skin like little razors.&nbsp; 

Finally he stops and she hears his zipper... as he does she sense a presence on the other side of the fence.&nbsp; The other guy has surfaced finally and he starts poking his hands through the links to pinch and prod at her rounded little ass.&nbsp; Spitting on his fingers as he spreads those cheeks and forces 2 fingers into that tight little hole.

Coughing and sputtering she screams out again, only to get slapped again full in the face.&nbsp; She exposes her neck and leans her head back against the fence trying to calm and quiet as she feels the men on either side of her.&nbsp; The man behind her reaches and grabs a fist full of her hair and yanks her back while the other slams his cock into her pussy, claiming her and making her gasp.&nbsp; He bites down on her throat as he does.

The other one loosens her tiny ass for a few minutes then she feels his cock plunder into her as well.&nbsp; She's sandwiched between the two of them and the fence.&nbsp; Her protesting muscles sag as she all but gives up trying to fight them off but it doesn't really matter- their cocks are holding her up fairly well.&nbsp; They've done this before obviously, working in quite a rhythm she's fucked back and forth from each side between them like demented lumberjacks.&nbsp; Hard, unrelenting they grunt as they take her- her hair half torn out of her head and her body scratched continuously as they amuse themselves- it takes for ever, drunk as they are- the pounding just continues for what seems like hours.&nbsp; She can feel even muscle just turn to mush, unable to defend herself in any way against the invasion.

Shudders wrack their bodies and they finish, both buried deep inside her.&nbsp; She shudders and chokes back another sob as his hands scrape down the length of her body again, leaving scratches and tearing the skin in some places.&nbsp; He snickers and whispers lewdly 

"You're better then the hot dog cart we expected to find down here.&nbsp; Hope you're hanging around next week too you dirty bitch"

 One last slap to her face and then to her tits and they're gone, leaving semen dripping down her legs, mixing with a bit of blood.

She doesn't get more then a few minutes of rest.&nbsp; This next one has obviously been lurking and watching, waiting for his chance.&nbsp; With an excited gasp he puts his hands on her.. hands pinching and squeezing her nipples as he pants, he whispers harshly into her ear:

"fucking little slut... whore, you dirty, dirty slut- you're covered in jizz, fucking gross little slut... who would put their cock into that? Used up little pussy... "

His hands reach around her, dragging at her ass cheeks, half crushing her tired body to his as he bites at her shoulder, leaving marks.&nbsp; His thick arms reach up under her arms and lift, unhooking her heels from the fence. She gets half a second on her feet, but almost falls.&nbsp; She doesn't have to stand though as one hand is in her hair now and he yanks her down to the ground.&nbsp; Arms protesting as her shoulders are half ripped out of their sockets as he pulls her to her knees and her wrists stay shackled to the fence.

The pavement and a few shards of glass tear at her knees- the filth of the city on her now.. one shoe falls off and sits beside her stretched body.&nbsp; His hand still in her hair he angles her face and half growls "open your fucking mouth whore".

She parts those fat pink lips and soon his cock slams in to the back of her mouth.&nbsp; She chokes, gagging and her throat muscles clamp down around him as she sputters and&nbsp; tries to breath.&nbsp; Dragging in air as he starts to drag her head back and forth, fucking her face with his own rhythm with out a care to her difficulties.&nbsp; 

She labours to keep up, taking each thrust and sputtering- her hair brushing against his balls like a little curtain of silk as he just continues to slam into her.&nbsp; She feels her knees protest, the glass grinding into her, breaking the skin.&nbsp; Pain everywhere she sobs hotly... the tears just coating her face and her chest now.&nbsp; He just explodes into her throat, filling her mouth with hot cum.. she gurgles and chokes and then he yanks her hair back again as he with draws.... her head is jerked back to the sky as he forces her to swallow it all.

Finally he throws her down and laughs, spitting on her as he walks away.

She's a little heap of cum and blood and tears and pain.&nbsp; She can't quite pick herself up but sags instead against the fence.. wanting nothing more then to curl up into herself- but she can't... everything still terribly exposed and raw.

About an hour passes with nothing.. she's stunned and hurt and dazed.&nbsp; She finally feels soft hands on her.&nbsp; Tender as they stand her up, smoothing over her limbs as the cuffs are removed.&nbsp; She sighs and almost falls but he picks her up, whispering softly into her ear... warm little congratulations, petting her and smoothing her hair as he carries her and sets her into the trunk of the car.&nbsp;&nbsp; With gentle hands he pulls her arms behind her and cuffs them again.&nbsp; He then does the same with her legs before leaning in to give her another soft little kiss.&nbsp; His whisper is warm just before he closes the trunk.

"Good girl, I'm very proud of you... only a couple of hundred more lashes when we get home and maybe I'll rub that little clit nice and softly and let you cum.&nbsp; You'd like that wouldn't you baby?"

The trunk shuts after she mummers a relieved reply.&nbsp; The car cruises off leaving nothing but a shiny red hooker shoe laying forgotten against the chain link fence.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   torrid girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





