BDSM Library - The Start Of Her New Life




The Start Of Her New Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Daddy/little girl ageplay story - starts out as D/s, but he decides not to give her a choice about becoming his baby girl.






She had been his for two years - two perfect years since he had locked a collar around her neck and promised that he would own her forever. She had met him online and their friendship quickly blossomed from occasional play partners to owner and slave - although this was swiftly replaced by Daddy and his girl, the pain and consensual abuse tempered by the nurturing that felt as natural as breathing to them both. They had been completely open about their desires from the outset, and she knew of his liking for age play, but she had felt no attraction to it and it had been ignored in favour of more traditional BDSM activities. That said, she always knew in the back of her mind how much he loved the humiliation of nappies and the dark, taboo subjects that even hardened sadists often felt were a step too far.

Their play that weekend had started as nothing unusual - he called her while she was at work on Friday and while she listened mutely, surrounded by colleagues who knew nothing of her sexual preferences, he outlined her rules for the coming days. She was banned from touching her own genitals in any way, and from using the bathroom without permission. If she needed to go she was to kneel at his feet and beg for the privilege, and then he would escort her, watching over her, and as a final act of control would wipe her himself as if she was a child. He often used this tactic as he knew how humiliating she found such intimate attention, and how powerless the removal of the right to even touch her own body made her feel. The humiliation of being forced to beg to relieve her agonisingly full bladder often brought her to the point of tears, and - although he always gave her permission eventually - he would refuse until he felt she was genuinely begging and not putting it on for his benefit.

As always she obeyed his instructions and drank plenty during the afternoon, despite knowing that she would not be allowed to use the bathroom until much later in the day. By the time she reached home that evening the pressure on her bladder was becoming unbearable, and she was waiting in her customary position - naked and on her knees - when he arrived home. She was begging for permission almost before he had closed the door behind him, but her heart sank as he ignored her pleas and stepped past her into the sitting room, taking a seat on the wide leather couch, a single click of his fingers telling her without words exactly what he expected. She dropped to all fours and crawled slowly to his feet, head bowed, trying to resist the urge to whimper and beg to relieve the cramping pain in her bladder, willing herself to breath calmly and slowly and focus only on what he wanted and not her own desires.

"Over my lap, baby girl" his soft voice was gentle, but she knew it was a command and not a request, and she hurried to settle herself in position. This position, which so many would find humiliating, was so familiar to her, and despite the butterflies in her stomach from the anticipation of a spanking she felt relaxed and safe knowing that nothing more was expected of her than her honest reactions to the pain.

He started gently, as he always did unless it was a punishment, covering every inch of her bottom methodically and paying particular attention to the 'sweet spot'. She raised her bare bottom almost subconsciously to meet his hand, needing his control and discipline, needing the pain and the release of the tears she knew he would eventually pull from her. At first the sensation was pleasant... gentle smacks that barely hurt, growing imperceptibly harder as her skin warmed and muscles relaxed to accept the blows. He knew her tolerances perfectly and he soon had her moaning in pleasure from the sensation, her bladder forgotten in the moment as she whimpered for more of the perfect pain, her pussy wet from her arousal. Sensing that she was ready for more he increased the power of his blows until each one was bringing a small yelp or whimper to her lips, and yet more until she was squirming not in pleasure but in pain. The sight of her naked form over his lap, her bottom reddened and small bruises starting to form caused his cock to twitch and harden, and she shivered knowing that his arousal would only increase as he hurt her more. The spanks kept coming, each a little harder, each causing her to squirm to try and get away from the pain, but his arm kept her pinned to his lap. It didn't take long before she was begging him to stop, each blow causing fresh pain, the heat blossoming until it felt like her entire bottom was on fire, and the pressure on her bladder mounting as she tried desperately to hold it. As usual though he ignored her pleas and continued at exactly the pace he wanted to, his cock hardening hearing her begging, until finally she broke and the tears came freely. She sobbed uncontrollably into the cushions as he continued to strike her, until finally she lost all control and her bladder released, her pee soaking into his jeans, her horror and humiliation simply increasing her sobs. Eventually the blows stopped, his hands stroking her, soothing her hot, super sensitive skin, and he leaned down to kiss her forehead gently as she lay exhausted in his lap.

"Shhh baby girl" he whispered. "Let's get you cleaned up and into bed, huh?".

Gently he moved her over until he could stand, taking her hand and walking slowly with her to the bathroom. He ran a bath, testing the water temperature before she climbed into the tub and sank down into the bubbles. Her tears dried as he washed her gently but thoroughly, his hand slipping between her legs to stroke her clit, bringing fresh whimpers, this time from pleasure rather than pain. He noticed her eyes drooping as he eased her from the tub, drying her gently before laying her down on a towel on the floor.

"What are you doing daddy?" she slurred the words slightly, exhausted and moments from sleep.

"I need to put you in a nappy, baby girl. You obviously can't hold your pee in like a big girl, so I need to make sure you won't wet the bed."

Her eyes flew open at his words and she shook her head mutely, her face showing her humiliation clearly as she whispered "please no daddy!".

He didn't bother to argue, simply pulling a fresh, thick nappy out from the cabinet under the sink. It was exactly like a normal baby's nappy, thick and soft, the plastic covering crinkling gently. He added the other things he needed - baby powder, and a pair of plastic panties. Grasping her ankles in one hand he made her raise her bottom as he slipped the nappy underneath, dusting her with the powder, the clean smell wafting around her. He did the nappy up quickly, checking that the tapes were sealed well and the nappy was snug around her waist. The panties were next - rustling as he pulled them up her legs and into place over the nappy. Her cheeks burned in shame as he motioned for her to stand, and she did so, wobbling slightly from exhaustion, finding that the nappy was so thick it stopped her from walking properly. She stumbled into the bedroom as her daddy followed closely, his hand resting on her padded bottom.

"Time for baby girl to have her milk, stay here while I fetch it for you."

He wasn't gone for more than five minutes, returning with a bottle of milk. The bottle was shaped just like a baby's one, but larger, with an appropriately sized teat. He sat on the edge of the bed and pulled her onto his lap, his strong arms holding her tightly as he offered the bottle. At first she refused, her lips pressed tightly together, shaking her head mutely as she flushed in embarrassment at being treated like a baby, but he held her tightly, his left hand reaching up to pinch her nose closed, the other holding the drink. She whimpered and struggled but his hold on her was unyielding and soon enough her lips opened as she gasped for air - only for a moment, but long enough for him to jam it into her mouth. He squeezed the bottle, forcing the milk into her mouth, and she was forced to gulp the liquid down to avoid choking. In less than a minute the bottle was drained, and he placed it to one side as he rose to his feet, holding her to him. He whispered praise and encouragement into her ear, holding her tightly to him, the familiar gentle restraint of his arms calming her.

"Good girl, now time for bed." he spoke softly as he brought her over to the bed. She was shocked to notice several additions to the usual coverings; a rubberised sheet replaced the normal soft cotton, and tan leather straps were attached at each corner of the bed as well as in the middle. She struggled against him realising what the straps were for, but he easily overpowered her, and pinning her down he fastened the restraints around her wrists, ankles, and waist. Each wide strap fastened securely with a lock, which he clicked in place leaving her helplessly restrained. She found herself lying on her back, her legs spread slightly from the bulk of the nappy between her thighs, her ankles restrained. The wrist restraints pulled her hands up to shoulder height - not a stressful bondage position by any means but one that kept her helpless. The strap around her waist was snug but not uncomfortable, giving her just a little wiggle room, but not enough to roll over. Finally, he pulled from the bedside drawer a gag - shaped just like a baby's dummy, which he pushed gently into her mouth, fastening the strap around her head. The gag was not uncomfortable - it was shaped well to her mouth and a small hole through the centre enabled her to breathe freely.

Once everything was in place he brought the blankets up to cover her, tucking them in to restrain her further, and kissing her forehead gently he turned the light out and left the room, closing the door quietly behind him. It took less than 5 minutes before the drugs he'd mixed into her milk took effect and she fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.

She woke later that night in the darkness, barely conscious, her thoughts fuzzy through the haze of the sedatives. She could make out the silhouette of her daddy standing over her in the darkness, although when she tried to speak the combination of the drugs and the gag still locked in place made her words unintelligible. Still helplessly restrained, she watched as her leant over her and fed a narrow tube through the hole in the gag until she felt it tickling the back of her throat - it didn't stop there, however, and she choked as the tube was forced slowly down into her esophagus. He pulled a hospital-style stand over next to her, connecting the tube to a large bag of liquid hanging from it, and on the release of a small clip the liquid flooded down the tube, forced by gravity directly into her stomach. She moaned softly through the gag as her stomach filled to capacity with the liquid, which, unknown to her, was an electrolyte drink intended for sufferers of diarrhoea, mixed with more sedatives.

Standing in the doorway he was lit by the hallway light, and he spoke softly to her. In her drugged state she barely comprehended, but in days to come she would come to understand fully what he meant.

"Baby girl, from now on you will be just that, whether you like it or not".

....

She slept fitfully throughout the night, disturbed frequently by his visits, although the sedatives prevented her from more than partial consciousness. Each time he came another bag of liquid was forced into her stomach, and by the third visit her bladder was screaming for release, the pressure causing a burning, cramping sensation that had her squirming and whimpering on the bed. A lifetime of social norms made urinating while lying on her back nearly impossible, and she had to endure nearly an hour of agony before her body overtook her mind and she urinated, flooding her nappy, feeling her hot piss puddling around her pussy and ass before soaking into the absorbent layers. She felt the warmed padding between her legs swelling, making the nappy even larger, her legs forced apart, further emphasising her humiliating, baby-like posture.

After his fifth visit she wet herself again, feeling the nappy beginning to leak, the liquid contained by the plastic panties. And sometime around dawn (after the sixth litre of liquid to be forced into her stomach that night) her bladder burst for the third time. Her saturated nappy did nothing to absorb the flow and the piss flooded into the plastic covering before escaping and soaking into the sheets and blankets around her, the rubber undersheet causing it to puddle around her, soaking her lower body in her own urine. In her drugged state she struggled to process her emotions normally, and when her daddy came into the room that morning he found her crying, her enforced lack of control over her bodily functions almost cripplingly humiliating to her.

Although her humiliated state aroused him instantly he didn't show it, playing his part of nurturing parent exactly as he needed to in order to further his plan to force her into a permanently childlike state. He removed the feeding tube from the gag, leaving the dummy itself in place to keep her unable to talk. The restraint straps were unbuckled, and he laid her down on the mat ready on the floor. She cried again in shame as he removed her sodden nappy, wiping her clean and powdering her before applying another thick nappy and plastic panties. This time he added something else - a specially made chastity belt which fitted snugly around her hips, locked in place. Without the keys she would be completely unable to remove the nappy, and she whimpered, her cheeks burning in shame as the full reality of her predicament hit her.

The next week passed by in a blur for her, her mind slowed and confused by the constant administration of sedatives. She was kept nappied for the entire time, either with the chastity belt locked on or restrained in bed. During the day he kept her locked in a small room, her meals brought to her on a tray, with little in the way of entertainment apart from a tv playing children's cartoons, some picture books and some paper and crayons for colouring in. In her drugged state this proved to be plenty to keep her occupied and she came to almost forget that this was not her normal life.

Each night passed in much the same way as the first. She was always restrained, always nappied, and always force fed liquids. Her mind and body gradually came to accept urinating lying down, and the quantity of liquids was reduced accordingly so that while her nappy was sodden each morning it was not achieved via force - she simply came to see pissing herself as no more unnatural than breathing. Each morning, and several times during the day her daddy changed her, and this too became more and more normal - his cock usually grew hard within his jeans as he changed her, her demeanour almost entirely transformed into that of a little girl, lying calmly on her back sucking her thumb for comfort as he wiped her clean and fastened on the thickly padded nappies.

After the first week he introduced the next step in his plan. He missed lunch completely, and did not serve her dinner on a plate as usual, but took her to bed early. Once strapped down he fastened the gag in place, pushing the tube into her mouth. This time however it was not liquid that he introduced but her normal dinner, blended into a thick sludgy mess. Unknown to her he had mixed laxatives as well as her usual sedatives into it, and after some gentle encouragement she sucked the mixture down hungrily. Once she was done he cleaned her and tucked her up tightly as usual, kissing her forehead and whispering that he loved her.

That night was one of the longest she had ever experienced. A couple of hours after her meal she woke up as the first agonising spasm shot through her belly, cramps so strong they brought tears to her eyes. She whimpered and cried, willing her daddy to come and take her to the toilet, but he never came and eventually, despite her best efforts, her bowels voided themselves into her nappy. The laxatives had worked exactly as intended and her shit was runny, seeping into every crevice inside her nappy before seeping out around her legs and back. Restrained and gagged as she was unable to do anything about the stinking mess covering her, and she cried herself to sleep, her humiliation tempered only by the all consuming exhaustion brought on by the sedation.

She woke up several more times in the night as the laxatives did their work in completely clearing her system out into her filled nappy. On top of that she was unable to stop herself from pissing herself as normal, and it was in this state that he found her the next morning. Her eyes were puffy and bloodshot from crying, and she couldn't bring herself to look him in the eye, her utter humiliation at his hands too much to bear. The conditioning of the previous week had done its work, however, and it was the honest tears of a little girl that soaked the shoulder of his shirt as he lifted her from her bed and carried her to the shower, whispering in her ear that it was okay, that daddy loved her and he wouldn't tell anybody else about how she'd pooped herself.

He laid his baby girl down in the shower, and while she sucked her thumb he cleaned her gently, running the spray over her body, showering every inch of her. As he leaned down to suck a nipple into his mouth, licking and teasing, he directed the shower spray directly onto her sensitive clit. His other hand pushed between her legs, and although she resisted at first she soon opened her thighs wide to accept her daddy's caresses. First one, then two fingers pushed gently into her cunt, and when she whimpered in protest he admonished her quietly. As the shower spray worked on her clit his fingers gently pushed in and out of his baby girl�s wet cunt, curling round inside her to press against her g-spot and bladder, while he continued sucking at her sensitive nipples. It didn't take long before she was whimpering and pushing up against his hand, her body desperate for release. He watched her reactions carefully and at the moment of her orgasm he pushed his fingers firmly against her full bladder, enough to force her to piss herself as she came, crying out loud from the sensations.

"Well done baby girl, daddy is very pleased with you, pissing yourself like a baby and enjoying it!". He smiled to himself knowing that his plan to associate urinating with pleasure would be just another way of training his girl into incontinence, just another way of emphasising her helpless state.

Over the next few weeks her gradual transformation into his 24/7 baby girl continued. Her bladder weakened until she was unable to stop herself from wetting herself, and she became accustomed to sucking all her food and drinks from a bottle. He gradually lessened the drugs he had been force feeding her, as she fell deeper and deeper into the helpless mindset of a child, becoming less able with each day to express herself verbally. And (although he generally allowed her to poop into a child's potty) he still slipped laxatives into her food occasionally, which inevitably resulted in her waking in the morning coated in her own mess and crying out for him.

Late one night, almost two months after he had started her on this journey, he stood in the doorway to her room. He did this almost every night, watching her sleep, or watching her suckle on the dummy, drinking almost without waking up. She had long since ceased waking as she wet herself and he found her each morning with a soaked nappy, her arms reaching out to him for a cuddle when he came in to wake her. He knew that the time had come to put in motion the last stage of her enforced infantilism.

She barely murmured as he injected her slowly from the syringe the doctor had provided. It contained a carefully measured amount of anaesthetic, which kept her unconscious until he had delivered her into the safe hands of the surgeon, who had been called in advance and was waiting for his arrival. Operating far outside the law was the surgeon's speciality, and he had performed many similar procedures over the years - that is, surgery to reduce the size of girls' pussies to make them as tight as virgins. The operation took many hours, but the result was neat and would heal faultlessly. At the same time he performed a hysterectomy, permanently ridding her of her monthly bleeding (although leaving her unable to bear children), and a standard laser hair removal procedure which would leave her pussy lips and mound smooth and soft.

To ensure that she didn't interfere in the healing process he locked a chastity belt in place - this was formed from a plastic which would yield slightly to movement but would be impossible to remove without the keys. It was constructed to allow normal bodily functions while being worn without a break for weeks on end, and would cause no problem with her enforced incontinence.

And thus she found herself the next morning when she woke up, seemingly without ever having moved from her bed. She had been dosed heavily with painkillers and struggled to keep consciousness for more than a minute or two, but this was long enough to discover the chastity belt locked under her nappy. It was so snug against her that she was unable to see or feel what was causing the pain between her legs, and she was left clueless about what had happened to her for a great many weeks, during which the only time the belt was removed was under heavy sedation so that she would be unaware of the doctor checking the operation site over. Eventually the doctor told her daddy that she was fully healed, her pussy as tight and smooth as a child's, the scars nearly invisible even on close inspection.

The next night her daddy put her to bed as normal, giving her a bottle of warm milk with sedatives added, and tucking her up under the soft blankets. He rarely needed to restrain her now, she had become so accustomed to the nappies that it didn't even occur to her to try and remove them, and tonight she slept curled on her side, sucking her thumb softly, a teddy held tightly. She whimpered softly but did not wake as she wet her nappy, and he stood in the doorway watching her for quite some time, his hand softly stroking his cock. He had waited for this moment for years and his arousal was intense, his cock swollen and rock hard beneath his jeans.

Padding quietly across the room in bare feet, he crouched next to his sleeping girl. His hand slid under the blankets and he rubbed her belly softly, his fingers tracing the elasticated top of her nappy. His hand slid lower as she slept, feeling the bulky padding between her legs, still warm from her piss. She stirred slightly as he pulled back the covers and slipped underneath them with her, but did not wake, even as he unzipped his jeans and pulled out his cock, stroking himself gently as his right hand slid inside her nappy. His fingers pushed between her soft, smooth pussy lips and circled her cunt, which now was a tiny hole barely as wide as his finger. He had intentionally left the nappy a little looser than normal when he changed her at bedtime, and he was able to gently spread her legs apart and pull the sodden padding to one side, revealing her tight hole to him. She murmured just a little in her sleep as he crouched between her thighs, the head of his cock just touching her pussy, his eyes dark and glazed with arousal.

Finally, in one swift motion his hand reached up and grasped her neck, and with one hard, violent shove he rammed his engorged cock into her cunt, ripping her open. Her scream of agony was cut off sharply as his hand squeezed, halting the oxygen supply to her lungs as he raped her violently, her blood soaking into the sheets. It must have seemed like a lifetime to her, each thrust agonising, tearing and bruising, until at last he came, spilling his cum into her tight pussy. Panting softly he withdrew from her, slipping her nappy back into place between her legs. He kissed her forehead softly and whispered that he loved her as he left the room, closing the door quietly behind him, leaving her sobbing quietly in the darkness.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:    bondagebrat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





