BDSM Library - Under Control




Under Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     A young man tries some self bondage, later to find himself being used by his neighbours as their new slave.






Thank you for the comments made about my story. I had never intended on any of my characters being under age so here is a revised part 1 where I have corrected my mistakes. I hope you enjoy

I always enjoyed seeing girls wearing swimming costumes and bikinis. I thought it was the simple fact you could see their curves perfectly and I enjoyed watching them move, but I soon started to think it could be more. It was the simple fact that when swimming the only thing separating their naked bodies from me, was the swimming costume. This always excited me. It excited me so much that I wanted to try it.

I had been interested in BDSM for four years, watching videos online, reading stories, fantasising about girls being tied up when I decided to try tying myself up. At first I would use dressing gown ties to secure my legs together. Then I would get more adventures and tie my hands about a foot apart behind my back. This led to me learning new ways of cuming. I found that by thrashing about on my bed, and squirming, rubbing myself on the bed, that I was getting hard and was able to make myself cum. It felt so good, having my dick grow harder until it started to pulse, I could do nothing but cum underneath me on my stomach and the bed. This soon became a problem as I knew it would start raising suspicion of my parents. I was only 18 at the time and still lived at home. 

I opted one day to steel my younger sister&#8217;s swimming costume. I didn&#8217;t know what had come over me that I now wanted to try wearing it. It felt weird at first, stepping into it naked and pulling it up to cover my dick. It was oddly smooth and elastic enough to cover me but tight enough that I knew I was wearing something. My sister is quite a bit smaller than me, about a foot smaller, so I had to work my way into it, but it felt good to wear it. I found myself having a hard dick as soon as it was on so I started to tie myself up immediately. I came within seconds of lying down, and it worked my cum didn&#8217;t go everywhere. 

As time went by over the next year I enjoyed tying myself up, wearing the swimming costumes I had stolen from my sister, but kept needing to find new ways to excite myself. At that time my parents told me they were going on holiday for a week and I would be left alone. They mentioned they knew it was my birthday when they were away, and would be leaving some money for me to enjoy. Instantly I knew what I would do.

Since becoming interested in BDSM I had bought a few items, rope, handcuffs and PVC tape, but now I wanted more. I ordered some more rope, a ball gag, a set of butt plugs, a head harness with a ball gag attached, a blind fold and, although I knew I couldn&#8217;t use it on myself I had always wanted a bull whip, so I ordered that as well. I had ordered well over 200 pound worth of stuff but I knew it was going to be a good week.

Four days later my parents were leaving the house, telling me a key had been left with the neighbours in case of emergency and to have a good week.
Don&#8217;t worry, I will; I thought to myself as I said bye. When the door closed I went and got my stuff ready.

My toys were due to arrive the next day, my birthday, but that wasn&#8217;t going to stop me having some fun. I opted to wear a bright pink swimming costume, one I hadn&#8217;t worn yet, and got rid of my other clothes. I tied rope around my ankles, securing them tight together. Then tying some rope around my right wrist I laid down on the bed on my stomach. I threw the quilt away and put my wrists as close to each other as I could, behind my back tying the rope around my left wrist. This left a gap about a foot long. With the excess rope left at the end I tied it to my ankles effectively making me hogtied. I struggled a bit until I was ready to cum then forced myself to stop, feeling my hard dick under me pulsing over and over again. After what I guessed was ten minutes my dick started to go down so I struggled again until I was erect then stopped. I did this a total of six times until I knew if I did it again I would explode. I was now sweaty but cold and wished I had the quilt, but instead I accepted how I had left myself and fell asleep.

I had had a restless night&#8217;s sleep and woke up very early. My arms and legs felt only slightly cramped probably because I had previously slept in a similar fashion, but my neck was sore and I was shattered. I undid my bonds and got up. Part of my plan for the week was to only wear either a swimming costume or no clothing. As it was my birthday I decided to wear what I had on. Prior to my parents leaving I had written some ground rules for me to follow and I was determined to do so. Number one was no clothes unless they were girls&#8217; clothes. Number two was no food for at least the first three days; I was on day two and starved already. Number three ways no cuming for at least the first three days, but I was to make myself hard and ready to come at least four times a day. Number four was to sleep in an uncomfortable position every night. There were others but these four were the main ones. 

I spent the day in the pink swimming costume I had on. It was a little smaller than the others and I really liked the feel of it on my body. It was tight over my chest and bum and when my dick was hard, pulled it tight against my body, showing off all six and a half inches nicely. I had decided it was my favourite one and if possible I would wear it all week. 

About four in the afternoon the door bell rang. I put on a dressing gown, this was the only time I was allowed, and answered the door. The post lady handed me a large box, which I signed for and left. Now I was excited, my presents had arrived. I closed the door and took off the dressing gown. Then I opened the box. Inside were all my new toys. I had to try them out, so I carried the box upstairs. I took out the rope, which was bright pink to match the costume, and placed it down next to the blind fold, the ball gag and head harness and the butt plugs. I left the handcuffs and the ball gag in the box, I would use them tomorrow. It then occurred to me I didn&#8217;t have the bull whip, but was too excited to be worried at that moment. All I needed to do was think of a good place to tie myself up for the night. I went into the hall and looked around then I thought of it, I would make myself sleep on my knees.

At the top of the stairs leading to my room there is another set of stairs that go up to the roof space. This stair case turns back on itself crossing the first floor landing and has wooden posts up the outside with a banister on top. I decided I would tie myself up right underneath the stairs with a rope holding me up. I went back to my room, and although it was only half five decide to tie myself up now.

First I took a bottle of lube on selected a middle sized butt plug. There were four to choose from so I chose a four inch one. Having never put anything in my arse before I was both nervous and excited to get started. I never thought of myself as doing this stuff in front of anyone but the idea of a bit of humiliation excited me. I gently placed the plug against my arse and pushed it in. It took a few minutes for my muscles to relax, then I could push the rest it. I suddenly felt very odd, a mixture of being full yet almost ticklish as well. I adjusted the swimming costume back over my arse so the plug was concealed and couldn&#8217;t move. I then took the rest of my toys out to the landing and knelt down under the stairs. Using the new pink rope, I tightly tied my ankles together making sure they couldn&#8217;t move. I was now hard again but tried to enjoy what I was doing without thinking too much about cuming. I could do that later when I was tied up. I took a small piece of rope and tied it between my ankles effectively cinching the rope around them. 
Next I picked up the head harness with a red ball gag attached and placed it in my mouth. It kept my mouth wide open and made me drool a bit. I pushed it as far in as I could and found I could pull a bit tighter at the back to get the tightest hole for the buckle. I buckled it up and felt happy I wouldn&#8217;t be able to get it off without my hands being free. Experimenting I tried to talk, but all that came out was &#65533;mmmm mm mmm&#65533;. There were still gaps around the ball and the sides of my mouth, but not big enough to allow me to talk. My dick was throbbing now and felt like it might explode. Remembering my rules I decided to relax for a few minutes and let my dick settle. It took at least five minutes before I could finish buckling up the head harness straps round my head. It had a padded area which sat over my nose, so I had to breath around the ball gag. Above the nose pad was a leather strap that ran up the bridge of my nose and over the back of my head to be tied to the ball gag buckle. A chin strap completed the harness. My head now felt completely secure.

It then occurred to me that it was going to be hard to tie my hands behind my back in a way that if I fell I would not land on my stomach. Thinking quickly I came up with a dangerous but exciting way. I effectively tied myself a noose. It was a simple sliding knot at the end of the rope that I would put my head into, tightening it so I was kneeling upright. If I fell in the night the rope around my neck would waken me up and I could adjust my position. At least I hoped it would work that way.

With one end of the rope having a noose in it I stood up and tied the other end to the staircase above me. I left the noose hanging higher than my neck would be when I knelt so when the rope was pulled tight it would then be the correct height. 
This is it I thought to myself. I placed my head through the loop and gently lowered myself to the floor so I was kneeling. The rope around my neck was tighter than I thought it would be. I thought about adjusting it but then thought it&#8217;s not affecting my breathing and my rules do say to be uncomfortable. I&#8217;ll be fine. I then proceeded to place the blindfold on, tie my wrists together as best as I could, then grabbing the rope cinching my ankle rope tie my wrists to my ankles tightly.

My dick was pounding hard; I could feel some pre cum on my belly, every little movement made the rope around my neck pull against my skin, making my dick ache even more. I desperately wanted to touch it, to give it a stroke to ease my frustration. I tried squirming as best as I could but got nowhere. It only tightened my knots more and made me almost loose my balance a few times. I don&#8217;t know how much time passed but my dick slowly went down leaving me thinking about what I was doing and what I wanted to do in the morning. As I drifted off to sleep my belly started to rumble.

I woke twice in the night due to me losing my balance. Each time my belly reminded me I was starving and because of this it took me even longer to fall back to sleep.

Ding dong, ding dong. 
I woke up to the door bell ringing. For a moment I forgot what I had done and tried to call out coming but instead a faint mumble escaped my mouth. The door rang again and I hoped that I hadn&#8217;t been heard.� Something was posted through the door and I heard footsteps leaving the house. Then next doors door bell rang. I heard Katherine answer the door, and a minute later close it. Shit I thought. It must have been the post man trying to deliver the whip and instead they&#8217;ve delivered it next door. I tried to find the knot tying my wrists to my ankles at that moment but realised I couldn&#8217;t grab it. I then tried to pick the knots holding my wrists but couldn&#8217;t get my fingers around the rope. Now I was in trouble. I thought shit If I don&#8217;t free myself then I might starve or be found by someone. I tried to calm myself and started trying to pull at the knots. 
I must have been trying to release myself for at least ten minutes when I heard Katherine next door talking to Beth, her younger sister. 

I thought Jack was going to be in this week so why is he not answering the door to pick up his parcel?
Beth answered I don&#8217;t know. We could take it round and see if he&#8217;s in. If not we always have a key and could leave it at the bottom of the stairs.

My heart was now racing. Would they seriously consider coming into the house just to leave a parcel for me? What if they find me? I&#8217;ve got to get free!

Yeah that sounds like a good idea. Let me get my shoes. 

Shit! Shit shit shit! I couldn&#8217;t free my wrists or ankles. I was stuck. A front door slammed shut and then the door bell rang. I kept as still and quiet as I could. Again the door bell rang. Then I heard a key in the door, and the door was pushed open.

Where should we leave it? Du think it&#8217;s okay to leave it on the stairs or should we put it in his room? I heard Beth ask Katherine.

I guess there&#8217;s no harm either way. Then again we&#8217;re in the house so we might as well go upstairs with it.

Crap I thought to myself, there was nothing I could do. They started to climb the stairs, everything slowed down to me. I listened intently to what was happening, I could hear their breathing, their feet moving them closer to me. I took a breath in and could sense their perfume. 

What the hell is going on? Katherine asked. 
What do you ....; 
Beth had clearly joined Katherine at the top of the stairs as she didn&#8217;t finish her sentence. 
It must have been quite a sight. In front of them was a 19 year old boy wearing a bright pink girls&#8217; swimming costume, with his hands and legs tied behind his back, pink rope tied around his neck and pulled taught. A blindfold covering his eyes and a red ball gag and harness in and around his face.

Bright light flooded my eyes and I had to screw them up so I wasn&#8217;t blinded. When I opened my eyes Beth was trying to see if I was okay. I nodded yes. She then went round the back of me to try and loosen the ropes but stopped when Katherine came out of my room with a wicked grin on her face. She called Beth over and the two of them went into my room. 
What are they doing? I wondered to myself.

As if to answer my question both girls came out the room, Beth was holding my rule list and Katherine was holding the two boxes of toys. Beth, who was 18, was wearing tight blue jeans that showed off her slim long legs perfectly, she had a white t-shirt on and looked like she was wearing a black bra. Katherine, who was 17, was wearing a black going-out top which was see-through on her shoulders and stomach. She wore a black short skirt with netted tights and black high heels.
I like your set of rules, bitch. That&#8217;s what I think I&#8217;ll call you from now on Jack. At first I thought someone had tied you up and left you here but that didn&#8217;t seem quite right seeing as the house hasn&#8217;t been burgled, so I had a look around whilst Beth was checking you were okay. That&#8217;s when I found your boxes of toys and decided to open your last parcel. I am curious though. How were you going to use this last toy, your whip, on yourself? Or maybe you wanted it to get delivered to us so we would come and find you like this? Then we could use it on you for you. I think that is a nice enough explanation to all this (she said whilst pointing up and down at me tied up), and I will happily oblige and take you up on the offer of being your mistress. I&#8217;m sure Beth will as well. I&#8217;m assuming by the fact you&#8217;re tied up and we&#8217;re not, that we&#8217;re your new mistresses and you&#8217;re our unworthy slave. I&#8217;ve heard of this type of kinky stuff before, but i&#8217;ll have a look online later and find ways to &#8216;please your needs&#8217;. Should be fun; well for us at least. I see you&#8217;ve already given yourself some rules. I don&#8217;t remember allowing you to do so, so that&#8217;s one punishment you&#8217;re owed already. They seem to be on track with our thoughts, although I have a few changes I think I&#8217;m gonna make. Number one will now be you wear what you are given. Number two will be you eat when your mistresses deem you worthy of eating. Number three will change to no cumming without permission from your mistresses. When we do allow you to you will thank us and beg us to punish you for your disgusting need. Number four will be you sleep when told to and not before. We can get rid of all your other stupid rules and replace it with number five; you no longer have any rights, human or other. All your rights are no subject to change how and when we see fit.
Katherine showed me the rule board up close and then looked at Beth. 

As if to agree with her sister, she came forwards and grabbed my hair pulling my head backwards. She said, You are now my slave. You are now Mistress Katherine&#8217;s slave. We own you and will use you how we see fit. Your new name for now is Bitch. You will not speak unless you have permission to do so, you will obey every command we give you, without hesitation, and you will not break any of the rules written on that board or you will be punished severely. We will do what we want with you; even punish you for no reason if we wish. We will use you like a new toy, we&#8217;ll even share you with our friends or with strangers if we want to but don&#8217;t forget what happens when people get bored of their toys. Toys can be broken, sold or even forgotten about and left to rot, and if you start to bore us we may have to forget you, or maybe sell you to the highest bidder.

Katherine then walked round the back of me and grabbed my wrists. She pulled them tightly together and wrapped more rope around them holding them together. Then I felt rope being pulled around my arms, just above my elbows. The rope started to squeeze my elbows closer together. I started to moan. My elbows were moved slightly closer still then the rope was tied off. The rope around my neck was cut and I fell forwards landing on my stomach and moaning. I could hear the girls laughing at me. Next my legs were secured with rope tied just above my knees. My legs were pulled up and Mistress Beth pushed my chest up and back so Mistress Katherine could tie my ankles tightly to my wrists. I couldn&#8217;t help but moan, I had never been pulled so much in my life and I had no escape, no way to plead with them. All I could do was moan, which just made Katherine and Beth laugh. Mistress Katherine then went downstairs and came back a minute later with an old dog lead, left over from when my parents had a dog. Together they lifted me up onto my knees again but this time I was bent back slightly due to the hogtie. Mistress Katherine attached the dog lead to my head harness and while Mistress Beth held me upright, the lead was attached to the stairs above. When Mistress Beth let go I was held up by my head, and able to swing and rotate.

There you go. Tied up like the pig you are. Bitch, you almost look like a pig that&#8217;s been hogtied waiting to be slaughtered. Katherine said, whilst Beth laughed.
I was struggling to understand what was happening. I could only see their faces now one smiling at me and the other laughing. My body was so sore, and was swinging slightly. Mistress Beth then came over and asked, Is today your third day of being tied up?
I tried to nod but couldn&#8217;t. 
And have you had now food for three days? Again I tried to nod but this time moaned as well.
I guess we should feed you then, shouldn&#8217;t we? she said with a wink. Can&#8217;t have you starving and dying on us before we have the chance to have some fun with your pathetic body.
Katherine said; don&#8217;t be too long, I&#8217;ll wait downstairs.
Beth called after her, don&#8217;t worry I don&#8217;t think he&#8217;ll take too long. He&#8217;s too pathetic to be capable of lasting more than a minute, like a real man.

She ran her hand down my body to my dick which annoyingly sprang into life almost instantly. Beth laughed and started to stroke me till I started to moan loudly. She pulled the swimming costume to one side, to get to my hard dick properly. She then held up a glass she found near me and continued to stroke me; teasing me and making me squirm. All of a sudden my dick exploded and I moaned loudly for what felt like minutes. When I came down off my high my dick was back where it was before and Beth was holding the glass half full of my cum. She held it over my face and poured it over my gagged mouth and face. Cum dropped off my face onto the ground below as well as some going into my mouth. The taste was so overpowering that I gagged; but she kept pouring until the glass was empty. I had to fight to swallow my cum quickly to get rid of the taste. Once I was finished and started breathing again normally, Mistress Beth slapped my dick five times with her hand, each blow harder than the one before. When I finished moaning loudly in pain she said 
you have three seconds!

Thinking quickly I tried to say; 
Thank you Mistresses for allowing me to cum. Please punish me for my disgusting need.
SLAP, SLAP, SLAP. I moaned again as my dick was hit three more times.

She got up and walked away leaving me hanging there. 
Don&#8217;t worry Bitch. I did notice that you came without permission and I&#8217;m looking forward to punishing you twice tomorrow with that new toy of yours. I especially like how the leather is split into tassels at the end for extra pain.
I moaned in response and she just laughed. 
Don&#8217;t worry you&#8217;ll enjoy it, and if you don&#8217;t at least your Mistresses will. Well its only 1 so you have plenty of time to think about it. I&#8217;ll see you tomorrow, that is if nothing better comes up. I&#8217;ll try to not forget about you, although how could I when I&#8217;m so excited about whipping you. Anyway, happy birthday Bitch. Enjoy it; it might be your last!
And she walked back down the stairs. I heard the front door shut and knew I was once again alone, only my condition was a lot worse than it was just 24 hours ago.












Any similarity to persons, dead or alive, portrayed in this story is purely coincidental. All characters and places are fictional. 



It had been four days since my parents had left on their holidays. I had decided to use the week alone to my full advantage by having some kinky fun. I had no idea that it would turn out the way it had done. I was hogtied on my knees and held upright by an old dog lead that was attached to the ball gag head harness fixed to my head. Every muscle in my body hurt. My knees had been bent continuously for nearly 48hours and my arms were tied securely to my ankles. I could move my fingers slightly but had no way to reach the knots of the rope holding my wrists together or the one holding my wrists to my ankles. I was trapped and wanted to be free, but would have to wait for someone to let me go. 
Very unlikely considering I know the names and addresses of the two girls that have done this to me, I thought to myself. The last thing that Beth had done to me was slap my dick eight times after force-feeding me my own cum. My dick no longer hurt but the smell and taste of my cum still lingered. I felt sick and my stomach was hurting more than my arms and legs. The last time I had eaten was the day before my birthday, nearly four days ago, unless you count cum. It then dawned on me that I had had nothing to drink in all that time too. It was no wonder I felt sick and completely exhausted. I guessed it was the early hours of my fourth day home alone. My parents were due to arrive back in three days and I wondered what they would think if they found me as I was. At the same time, I was worried what was going to happen to me. I just could not get Beth&#8217;s words out of my head. They were going to use me like a new toy, even share me with their friends or strangers if they wanted. Deep down I knew I would not be in the house when my parents arrived home. Falling asleep again my last thoughts were, what are they going to do to me next?

The front door was slammed shut. I could hear people walking around downstairs, going into my kitchen and rummaging through drawers. I tried to shout for help, but the only sound made was a moaning. 
Sounds like our bitch is awake, I heard Katherine say. Found it, said Beth. The kitchen door was then closed and I heard both of them walk upstairs. When they got to the top, Beth checked my bonds and commentated on how tight they still were. Katherine opened up a laptop and started typing something. Beth knelt down next to me and said;
I&#8217;m glad you didn&#8217;t free yourself bitch. We have been up all night talking about what to do with you. It occurred to us that your parents will be home soon and we can&#8217;t very well leave you here to explain what we did to you, so you will have to be taken somewhere else. Of course I&#8217;m not going to tell you where, but I guarantee you will never come back to this house again, or see your parents again.
I started moaning loudly trying to get them to let me go. I had never truly wanted this. For my efforts, I received three quick slaps to my dick, which made me moan louder. 
Now as I was saying before you rudely interrupted me, we going to leave a letter, from you, explaining that you&#8217;ve gone abroad for an indefinite amount of time and for them to not worry about you.
Katherine then got up, walked past me to go into another room. She came back two minutes later holding a letter addressed to my parents supposedly from me. Holding it to my face, I could see clearly that she had written exactly what Beth had said. Smiling she folded the letter and placed it at the top of the stairs. I tried to free myself again by twisting my body and rubbing my hands together but I just couldn&#8217;t get free.&nbsp; I was too tired to keep up my efforts for more than a minute. I noticed both Beth and Katherine had vanished from sight, and annoyingly my dick was getting hard again, from all my struggling. I was so thirsty and hungry I couldn&#8217;t stand it anymore. I started mumbling for some water, and that I would do anything for some. Laughing Katherine came out of my bedroom with Beth behind her.
Awww look. Bitch wants us to feed him again and he&#8217;s started to get hard just for us. 
He was fed yesterday; I don&#8217;t think we should feed him until tomorrow, Beth said.
Okay, I guess you&#8217;re right. After all, we&#8217;re in charge bitch and you had better get used to it.

Katherine bent over so her face was right in front of mine, her black top falling slightly to show off her cleavage and the top of her black bra, stared me straight in the eye and said,
We&#8217;re off to sort out your transportation to your new home. Be a good bitch and behave yourself otherwise, we&#8217;ll drag you behind the car all the way there.
Smiling she stood up, placed the blindfold back over my eyes and left the house.

I listened for a moment, breathing slowly and heard next doors front door close. Panicking I knew they would be back soon. I wanted to escape but couldn&#8217;t think of a way to do so. Instead, I saved my strength and waited. Another reason to not struggle was the threat of being dragged behind the car. I lived in the countryside and although roads nearby were heavily used, there were some side roads that rarely had any traffic on them. Starved and thirsty, I waited for my neighbours return.

I heard a car pull up outside the house, a door opened and closed, the engine was kept running. Next, I heard another door open with what sounded like a bang as if something had fallen, followed by a series of clatters from chains hitting metal. Downstairs the front door was opened and I heard people coming up the stairs. Something was placed on the ground; I suspected a box and the metal chains that I had heard before.
So this is our new slave? 
Shit. They&#8217;ve already told someone about me and have even brought them to see me I thought to myself. I tried to keep as still as possible, and strained to hear every word said. I wanted to know who was standing looking at me, but couldn&#8217;t because of the damn blindfold. I sensed more than felt hands undoing the old dog lead holding me upright. Once undone I fell forwards and a moan escaped my lips. I could hear laughing all around me and then one of them kicked me in the side. Another moan followed by more laughter. I couldn&#8217;t move much, and when I tried, I just ended up rocking side to side. 
My blindfold was removed, light flooded my eyes and it took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the light. In front of me was a metal cage, similar to a dog&#8217;s cage. The walls looked like they were made of two-inch thick metal bars. There were gaps between each of the bars, but only about four inches wide. At the front of the cage was a rectangular hole, slightly larger than the other gaps. Next to the cage, there were two pairs of handcuffs and a smaller chain with hooks on. I did not want to go into the cage and tried to shuffle backwards. Still laughing two pairs of hands grabbed me and pushed me forwards into the cage. It was very cramped. My head was an inch from the bars, my toes touched the bars on top and when the door was closed, and my knees felt the cool metals touch. I heard a padlock shut and I knew I was locked in.
Next, the sets of handcuffs were lifted and attached to my wrists and ankles through the bars. From what I could tell the chains connecting each cuff went out of the cage, over the bars, then back into the cage to connect to the second cuff, effectively chaining my arms and legs to the cage itself. The third chain was then attached to each set of handcuffs. Finally, the rope that was still holding my arms and legs together was cut off. I felt a sense of freedom flood over me, despite being in a cage. My arms and legs were still connected, but now I had a bit of movement. The cage was picked up, with me inside, and carried down the stairs and outside. I was placed on the porch and the front door was closed. My head now free to move slightly, I looked around. The girls must have gone back in the house. 

All of a sudden, I felt really conscious of my situation. I was wearing a girls pink swimming costume, chained inside a metal cage in full view of anyone that might walk or drive past. I felt uncomfortable lying on the metal bars of the cage. They dug into my skin and no longer felt cool to the touch, they were starting to warm up in the sunlight adding to my discomfort. Just in front of my house was a pickup truck. The tailgate was dropped down and the engine was still running. My transport I thought. There was a slight breeze and no clouds in the sky. I was already dehydrated and the heat from the sun wasn&#8217;t helping my condition. My breathing had become laboured now, almost like a pant; I desperately needed water.

After a few minutes, Beth and Katherine came out of the house, picked up the cage and placed it on the truck. They swivelled it round so I was facing the back where the tailgate would be. The third girl was standing next to Beth and I knew who she was. She was slightly taller than Beth, with shoulder length blond hair. She was wearing a summer strap top, black shorts and trainers. Her name was Jessica. She was holding a hosepipe directed at me and said,
I am also your new mistress bitch, so you had better lower your gaze or you can burn in this cage with no water for another day.
I lowered my eyes, accepting that the only way I would get any water would be to do as I was instructed. Once I kept my gaze down for a minute, she turned on the hosepipe. Water struck me right in the face, spraying over my face onto my arms and the bars. She kept the water directed at my mouth, meaning I couldn&#8217;t breathe due to the cover over my nose. When I tried to move my head, Jessica just followed me. When I was about to pass out from lack of air she stopped. I started panting hard and carried on struggling, hurting my wrists and ankles as the cuffs dug in. The tailgate was lifted and all three girls got into the car, after throwing a woollen blanket over the cage. I was now freezing cold from the water, chained in a small cramped cage, on the back of a truck, gagged and wearing a tight girls pink swimming costume. It was made tighter by the water and my dick was big again, pulling the fabric away from my belly. I had no idea where I was going or what might be waiting for me. At least they gave me some water I thought, but I still wondered what would happen next. 









The journey was very bumpy and every small hole on the road or pothole hurt. I figured I had been in the back of the truck for at least two hours. My wrists and ankles were raw from the cuffs rubbing, my chest and knees felt bruised and ached constantly. The heat inside the cage was intense; I was sweating and sticky due to it. My throat dry, I couldn&#8217;t ask for relief even if I wanted to. The girls, I hadn&#8217;t accepted my fate yet, had ignored me completely since they started driving. I had heard a few words of their conversation, none of which seemed pleasant. They had mentioned a party in about a weeks&#8217; time and one of them had mentioned milking but I had no idea what that meant. The last thing I heard, before they turned the radio on, was my punishment involving the bull whip I had bought five days ago. I was not enjoying the drive, but it was nothing compared to the fear I felt about the rest of my life.

The car stopped and the engine was turned off. Doors opened and closed and I heard the tailgate being lowered. My cage was picked up and carried into a dark room, the blanket was removed once the door to the room had been shut and locked. A light was flicked on and I could see I was in an old barn. 
This used to belong to my granddad before he died. So did the stables and other buildings around the farm. For the last year, I&#8217;ve been doing it up with the thought of selling it. However, after Mistress B and K here told me about you I thought of a better idea. We&#8217;re going to sell you to the highest bidder. That bidder will become your owner for two days and will live at this farm. We of course will also stay from time to time to get our kicks for hurting and teasing you, and to help your owners with their plans. But don&#8217;t worry about that now, Bitch, because you are owed two punishments. Shall we get started? Said Jessica.

The cuffs holding my wrists and ankles were released and taken off me. Next rope was pushed through the bars to tie my wrists back together. More rope was used to tie my elbows together. I moaned loudly as this was done; a few days earlier they had left a gap between my elbows, but this time Beth made sure they were touching.
Listen to him. He thinks he is feeling pain. If he thinks this is painful wait till the punishments start, Beth said with a laugh.
Next my ankles were tied together, not as tight as previously, but secure enough that I wouldn&#8217;t be able to get free. The cage was unlocked and I was pulled out. For the first time in days, my legs were straightened and it hurt a lot. I saw Katherine pick up a long piece of rope and through it over a large wooden beam in the middle of the barn. She bent over me and tied one end of the rope to my wrists then she and Jessica started to pull down on the other end, slowly pulling me up. They kept pulling until I was standing bent over at the waist. The rope was tied off to the wall and I was left semi suspended. Beth untied my ankles and with the help of Jessica tied each ankle to hooks in the ground. My legs were wide apart, approximately foot feet between them. My arms ached even more now from the tension on the rope. A small clip on the end of a piece of string was clipped onto the back of my head harness. The string was tied taught to the rope around me elbows, pulling my head back and forcing me to look straight ahead. Finally, Jessica grabbed a last piece of rope and tied a slipknot around my neck. She tied through the rope over the beam, pulled it taught, and tied it in the same place as the rope holding my arms.
Beth walked around to the front of me, running her fingers from my bum around my waist and up my chest to my face. She slapped me on each cheek, and then stood in front of me. In her right hand was my bull whip. It was easily ten foot long with the last foot being split into separate strands.
For cuming without permission you will receive ten whips, Bitch. You are to count out the strokes. Failure to do so will result in the punishment starting over. For writing your own rules without permission, you will receive three whips for every rule you wrote. You wrote seven rules so you will receive twenty-one whips. Again, you will count out the strokes.

How the hell can I withstand thirty-one whips? Shit, shit, shit! I had started to panic and was trying to get free. I started moaning and swaying side to side. Beth slapped my face;
If you want more whips then, by all means, continue moving and moaning. The only sound I want to hear from you is counting!

She walked around the back of me and I could hear her moving the whip around on the ground. Jessica bent down next to my ear and whispered,
I look forward to getting my hands on that whip. I&#8217;ve done a lot of horse riding in my life and know how to curve the whip just right to land on the dick of yours. Now be a good bitch and forget to count when we start so I can have more fun. 
I was really scared now but knew I was about to be in a lot of pain. I tensed my muscles and waited.

CRACK! The whip landed on my upper right arm and stung like mad. One. CRACK! This time my chest was struck. It knocked my breath out but I managed to say; Two. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! My arms were now shaking slightly and my breathing was heavy. I had tears forming in my eyes and I wondered how they thought I could survive so many whips. Each time the whip struck I mumbled out the count.

Ten...Eleven...Twelve. My whole body was sore, the whip had caught me on the mouth at one point and I could taste blood as it seeped out of a cut. Other parts of my body were cut as well, I was sure, and each time the whip fell across my body I moaned loudly and wished for freedom.
Soon I was saying twenty-four...twenty-five...twenty-six. True to her word, Jessica had landed three strikes to my dick. The first two stung when the whip struck, but the third strike hit the tip of my dick. As soon as I was hit, my legs gave way and I slumped slightly, held up by my arms and the rope round my neck. I moaned louder than I had before tears streaming down my face. I was hyperventilating and had gone dizzy. Strikes to my arse made me stand up again, although I continued to moan and cry. Twenty-seven...Twenty-eight. The last three strikes from the bull whip landed on my arse. When finished the ropes holding my ankles were undone. My arms were lowered but kept tied behind me. I collapsed to the ground, unable to stand up anymore, exhausted from my punishments. The girls dragged me across the barn and dumped me into a larger cage than before. Leaving me there the last thing I heard before drifting off to sleep was; 
Sleep tight bitch, tomorrow we begin your training.








The cold metal under my body, my arms twisted under and behind my body and my empty stomach made the waking up nearly unbearable. When I tried to move sharp pain flooded my body; I remembered the thirty odd whips I had received the night before.&nbsp; I felt groggy and sick from the lack of sleep and pain. I could not remember the last few whips or getting into the cage that was my bed. Resting my head against the bars, I took a deep breath and tried to look around. The cage I lay uncomfortable in was in a stall of some sort. Wooden walls surrounded me, leaving about six foot from each side of the cage to the walls. The cage was big enough for me to sit up in, and was pushed into a corner. Straw lay on most of the ground. My legs were still untied and the cage door open, but I was in no condition to try and escape. It also crossed my mind that if caught whilst trying to escape I would likely be punished with more whips across my body and I knew I could not withstand more any time soon. I looked down over my body and winced at the sight. I knew I had bled the night before and the whip had struck my dick several times but I could see two tears on the swimming costume covering my dick. There was blood staining the costume and I had two large welts on the end of my dick. Instantly I started feeling a throbbing pain down there and looked away hoping to ease it, unfortunately it didn&#8217;t. I was needing the toilet after a short while so decided to try and slide towards the opening. As I did I noticed Jessica was watching me. I stopped and watched her, but as she did nothing I decided to carry on. It was very painful but I managed to get out of the cage and sit with my back against the wooden wall. Jessica walked over and pulled me forwards. She bent over me and with a knife, cut the ropes holding my arms behind my back. The fell limply to the floor and I tried to say thank you.&nbsp; I think Jessica understood as she said
Good boy. Now put your hands out in front.
I did so, knowing to refuse would be painful, and she attached a pair of handcuffs to my wrists. There was a small chain separating my wrists that was fed through the front ring of my collar.
Now if you behave yourself when I lead you outside to do your business I&#8217;ll let you eat when you eat some decent food when you come back in. If not then I will make you eat your own cum again; she said to me.
Leading me with a dog lead attached to my collar I crawled on my hands and knees out of the stall. The chain attached to my handcuffs was just long enough to allow me to crawl but allowed no extra room to do anything else. The ground was cold and hard, every movement hurt but Jessica did not rush me, and I was very grateful. I crawled along a corridor for twenty foot then I was taken outside. This was the first time I had had a chance to see outside. The main building that I was in appeared to be a sort of barn conversion. I was in a field to the side of the building and was ordered to stop where I was. The lead was attached to a metal hook in the ground; then Jessica took out a knife. For a moment, I was scared, and then she cut the costume off me. As she pulled it away, the butt plug that had been in my arse since the start of my ordeal fell out as I moaned. Due to everything that had happened to me since the girls had first tied me up, through my transport and my punishment my arse had felt full. If I had sat down then I probably would have remembered that the plug was there, but it was weird as it felt like a part of me had just fallen out. I knew my mistresses had no idea it was up there and I dreaded what would happen next. Slightly confusingly, Jessica picked it up between her forefinger and thumb and walked away saying nothing. I was left for a moment completely naked standing on my hands and knees in the middle of a field. I was shaking from the cold and although it was sunny, I couldn&#8217;t stop myself. This was the first time I had a chance to see my skin in nearly a week. My body was covered in short red and purple lines from the whipping. There were a few cuts over my stomach and one on my leg. I wasn&#8217;t very built up, I had a slim frame weighing just nine stone ten. I had no hair on my chest or back, but had a happy trail leading to my pubes. My dick was small now due to the cold weather. My mouth ached constantly and felt very dry. The gag was still in my mouth and had been since the start. Jessica was now walking back towards me, and when close by said,
You had better do your business Bitch. I&#8217;m not letting you outside again until tomorrow and I don&#8217;t want any mess inside or else you&#8217;ll be cleaning it up with your mouth. Understand?
I simply stared at her then nodded slightly.
I looked down at the ground and concentrated; within a minute or so hot yellow piss sprayed onto the grass underneath me. When I finished Jessica untied my lead and walked me back inside. 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:       Jact Tied


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





