BDSM Library -  A Walk in the Woods




 A Walk in the Woods
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Simon & Michelle's walk in the New Forest is interrupted, and they both find out a lot about themselves and their sexuality






A Walk in woods 
Part 1 - Abduction

One fine May morning a few&nbsp; years ago my wife Michelle and I planned a walk in the New Forest, in Southern England. It's called "New" because it was planted by William the Conqueror as a hunting park. Although it is a tourist area some parts are quite remote, and these were the bits we liked walking.
We had set off from home early, taking a picnic in our rucksacks and, as usual, a small camera. Avoiding the usual tourist hot spots, we parked off the road in a generally unspoilt, that is to say, quieter, area. Here we donned our walking boots, and marked the position on the GPS - it can sometimes be quite difficult to find your car amongst the trees.
Perhaps I should introduce ourselves. I am Simon Carswell, an accountant, and my wife is Marianne, a teacher. We are both in our 40's, but are slim and look a lot younger. Michelle is very attractive - light brown hair worn long, blue eyes and petite - only 5 ft 2. I'm slightly taller at 5 ft 8. To my frustration, Michelle is very conservative sexually - straight forward intercourse only! 
We set out along a broad path, before taking a series of narrow paths taking us into the older part of the forest. One hour in, and it's time for a wee. I went beside the path, but Michelle had to go into the undergrowth to avoid being seen, even by her husband.

She had been gone a few seconds when I heard a short scream, cut off suddenly. I rushed to find&nbsp; out what the problem was, and was shocked to find her being held by a tall bearded man. Evidently she had been surprised before she even got her jeans and panties down. One arm was around her waist, with his hand holding her right breast, his other hand was clamped over mouth. Beside him stood another man holding a shotgun, pointed at me.
"Welcome" was all he said. With a dry mouth I croaked "what do you want with us?" although I had a good idea what might be in store for Michelle.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
"This is our domain. You should not have entered. Now you&nbsp; are here&nbsp; we can find a use for you. Hold your wrists out in front of you."
Eyeing the gun apprehensively I did as I&nbsp; was&nbsp; told. Handcuffs clicked into place, and halter clipped to the linking chain. A roll of&nbsp; silver duct tape was produced and stuck over my mouth. The halter clipped to my handcuffs was tied off on an overhanging branch.
"Now for the woman. I shall enjoy this!"
First, the hand over mouth was replaced with duct tape. I could see that Michelle was about to scream but the man got the tape in place before she could even draw breath. Her wrists were cuffed behind her, unlike mine. A rope was placed around her neck and tied in a slip knot. "A way of training bitches" he explained. The sinking feeling in my stomach suddenly sank another couple of&nbsp; fathoms!
I could see him thinking . "Nah " he said "let's make this more interesting." He pulled&nbsp; a nasty looking knife from his&nbsp; pocket, and I pulled at my tether in panic . All it achieved was a kick and the tether held fast . Meanwhile the man with the knife was slicing away at Michelle's jeans. "Don't move, honey, or you,ll get a knife in your cunt , and that would&nbsp; be a waste ."&nbsp;&nbsp; I could see the terror in her eyes. When each inside leg of had been cut and ripped to her crutch, he unbuckled the belt, allowing the now tattered garment to drop to the ground.

As the remains of her jeans slipped over her knees, Michelle gave a little whimper, just audible through the duct tape. Lifting each leg in turn, the abductor removed her jeans completely. Her shirt tails hung over her panties, obscuring the view of those. 
That situation didn't last long! Grabbing both lapels, he jerked the fabric apart - buttons flew, cloth ripped, and the front part of the shirt was in tatters on the ground.&nbsp; More ripping, and each sleeve was torn from shoulder to wrist, and the last shreds of shirt dropped to the ground. My darling wife stood there, rather bizarrely, in white bra, skimpy white panties, and walking boots.
Flourishing his knife again, he stepped in front of her, her eyes wide in terror. But the knife just sliced through her bra, which joined her shirt and jeans on the ground. He smirked. "Now for the piece de resistance." And he slowly teased her panties down, inch by inch, to her knees. "Hmm. Haven't seen fur that thick for a while" I heard him say. Kicking her feet so she spread her legs as wide as the panties around her knees would allow, he ran his fingers between her legs. I saw a finger disappear inside her, then two. "and she's sopping wet."
I was shocked to the core! We had been married over 20 years, and as far as I knew she'd never fucked another man. A respectable married teacher, at risk of imminent rape, and she was turned on! I could see that her nipples were as hard as I had ever seen them. The rope round her neck was thrown over a higher branch, and tied off tightly, causing me great concern. The knife made short work of her panties, and her legs were then kicked wide apart, causing even greater pressure on her throat, but luckily the branch bent sufficiently to prevent her choking. "Keep your legs spread WIDE" he growled.

I'm ashamed to say her sexual assault had turned me on, too, My hard-on was all too obvious through my jeans. "Don't get too worked up, sweetie, we haven't even started on you yet." That remark caused my erection to deflate, I can tell you! Now they both turned their attention on me. My jeans suffered the same treatment as Michelle's, and soon I too was completely naked except for my boots. Now I was naked, I was subjected to verbal abuse. "What a pathetic thing! Look at his thin white body. And no wonder his wife's feeling horny - look at his pathetic cock!" I blushed - it was true. Even so, my cock had a lazy lob on. "Oh yes, have we go some joys for you? You're going to find you have talents you haven't even heard about!" I wondered what he meant.
Out of a bag he produce a steel shackle, which he fastened tightly around my balls and cock. It was cold, and heavy, and I'm embarrassed to say, rather erotic. The tether that had been clipped to my handcuffs was now clipped to the shackle, and my wrists re-cuffed behind my back.

The second guy took some alligator clamps out of the same bag. Grabbing my wife's nipples, and twisting them viciously, he let the claps bite suddenly. I could hear her howl of pain through the tape across her mouth. Then he untied her neck rope from the branch and fed it between her tits and the chain of the clamps. When he pulled on the rope, not only did it tighten around her throat, it pulled on her nipple clamps.

Picking up both of our rucksacks, stuffing the remains of our clothes into them, they each grabbed a halter, untying them from the branches to which they had been secured. The man who grabbed my halter whipped the end of it over my cock. "We're gonna enjoy this, you and me together." and I was alarmed to see he had a bulge in his jeans. The guy who had charge of my wife, meanwhile, had slipped a finger into her ass from behind, and was lifting her so much she was on tiptoe, and in danger of falling on her face. Removing his finger, he sniffed it, then pushed it between her lips. "Suck it" was all he said. When she had done that, he called out "OK, let's go" and pulled on her halter. I saw it tighten round her neck, and the chain between her nipples take the strain,&nbsp; before she stepped forward to reduce the tension.

I fared no better - a sharp pain in my scrotum prompted me to follow my captor, and we were led off even deeper into the forest. We made a strange procession - a man and a woman, naked except for walking boots, being led along at a strapping pace by 2 fully dressed men. After 15 minutes, one said "Right, I think it's time to blindfold you. We wouldn't want you knowing where we're going now, would we?" More duct tape was taken off the roll, and stuck over our eyes. I dreaded the thought of it being ripped off, but I guess that was the least of my worries! However, being blindfolded made walking through the forest even more difficult. I could tell that the paths were becoming more obscure - branches whipped at us and brambles caught or bare skin. Underfoot was thick with leaves, branches, and sometimes fallen trunks we had to clamber over, the bark rough on our inner thighs&nbsp; and asses. If we were slow getting past an obstruction a sharp tug on the halter encouraged us onward.

I have no idea how long we walked, and could not guess how far we were from our car. Then we were pushing through even thicker foliage and branches, some of it holly by the feel of it. We descended a slope, then suddenly my head was pushed low, I felt myself entering somewhere cooler, and the ambient sounds of the forest became muffled. I guessed I must be in a room of some sort. I could hear dogs nearby, but not in the same room. They had a deep bark, so they are probably large dogs. I'm not a dog fan at the best of times, and when I'm naked, bound and blindfolded they terrify me!

"Squeeze your eyelids shut - I'm taking off the tape over your eyes and I don't want to rip your eyelids off!" We squeezed. Well I certainly did, I couldn't speak for my wife. In fact, because of the tape over my mouth I couldn't speak at all! A sharp pain, and the tape was gone. I opened my eyes to look for Michelle, but it was so gloomy it took me a while to see much at all.

A voice penetrated the gloom. "Welcome to your new home. You will be seeing a lot of it. I am Joe, and my brother is Ian, but you will call us "Sir". You will only speak when spoken to, and the only other sound allowed will be screams - and I expect to hear lots of those."
"So why are you here? you may ask. You're here because we need some female company, and we need some entertainment. You might find our entertainment not to your taste, but you'll get used to it, although I doubt you'll ever get to enjoy it."
"Some ground rules first:
1. You will always be naked, unless we decide some attire is called for;
2. You will wear iron shackles on your wrists, ankles and neck. You may see on the floor and in the walls iron rings. You will be chained to one of these most of the time to prevent escape."
I hadn't noticed the floor, but now I looked I could see that it was heavy flagstones, covered in places with rugs, and there were indeed numerous heavy rings bolted to the floor.
"3" he continued "escape attempts will be SEVERELY punished. You would be well advised not to even consider attempting to escape. We are deep in the forest, no one ever ventures near here, so you can scream and shout as long and as loud as you like - but you'll be punished for it, of course."

"That'll do for starters. Let's get you settled in." With that, he put the halter attached to my balls between my legs, and tied it tightly to a ring in the wall. I was on tiptoe trying to relieve the strain, and at risk of tipping forward. The rope chafed between my buttocks, roughly caressing my asshole. A rope put around my neck was tied off on the same ring as my halter. Any movement threatened throttling or castration - I stayed still!

My wife's treatment was different. Her wrists were uncuffed, and she was stretched out spread-eagled on her back. Ropes looped round her wrists and ankles, and pulled tight on the floor rings. First, her boots and walking socks were removed, then iron shackles, about an inch wide and a quarter inch thick were riveted around her ankles. I noticed that each shackle had a number of rings set in it, presumably attachment points for chains. This was proved correct when, after each shackle was fitted, a chain was attached and locked to the floor ring in place of the original rope. This was repeated on all for limbs, and then finally her neck. This was really erotic, and I&nbsp; found myself getting quite turned on.

"That's the girl slut done. Hang her on the wall and we'll sort the boy slut." In no time Michelle was attached wide spread on the wall, still wearing the tape over her mouth and the clamps on her nipples. "I'm going to remove your gag. Now remember what I said about speaking only when spoken to...". The tape came off with a ripping sound, and as it came off Michelle opened her mouth, saying "what do you think...." followed by a loud scream. The second man, was that Joe or Ian? had brought a riding crop down hard across her right breast, leaving a vivid red stripe. Michelle screamed again, and he said "want something to scream about? try this", and he pulled the clamps off both her nipples. That, and the pain of the blood returning made her dumb with agony for a sort while, before she screamed again. "Mustn't have your left tit jealous" he said, and a vicious swipe brought a red stripe to her left breast. "Now keep quiet while we sort out your sissy husband."
Sissy? I wasn't a sissy!

I had, to be honest, quite enjoyed watching my wife being manacled and whipped. Now it was my turn I was rather less keen. First, my boots and socks were removed, then the rope round my neck. Easing off the halter, the weight came off my balls for the first time in what seemed like hours, but was probably only 15 minutes. I was made to sit on the floor, my legs apart, and my ankles tied to 2 floor rings. Then my cuffs were removed, and I found myself stretched out on my back, my wrists tied down also. When the manacles were applied, I was pleased to find they were lined with leather, or something soft, to reduce chafing. The hammering of the rivets caused shock waves, and the ringing hurt my ears. When the riveting was finished, I assumed I would be chained to the wall, just like Michelle. I was certainly not going to make the mistake of speaking out of turn. However, the tape was ripped from my mouth while I was still chained to the floor. I wasn't expecting what came next. My ankles were unchained, my legs pulled up and over my head and spread wide, and the chains reconnected to the floor rings.
"Got to treat both you sluts fairly" came a voice, and my ass erupted in white hot pain. The riding crop had been sliced hard across my stretched ass. "And one more for luck" came the same voice, but this time the crop came down along the crack of my ass, biting into my wide open asshole. I would have screamed, but my doubled up position meant I could only gurgle.
"Leave him like that for a while, he'll enjoy looking forward to a repeat. Meanwhile, we've got to sort out their car. Here are the keys, and they have thoughtfully marked its location on their GPS. It wouldn't do to have their car found anywhere near here, would it?"
My heart sank. I had been banking on that to alert the police. Now what would happen to us?

to be continued









A Walk in woods 
Part 2 &#8211; Michelle's Experience

They brought a large dog into the room, and chained it to one of the floor rings. It was obviously a long chain, because I could hear it padding about, the chain clinking behind it. "OK, we're off to collect your car - I'm sure you want it kept safe, and it wouldn't do for the police to find it, would it? Roy here will keep you company, won't you Roy?" and Roy growled. Michelle, who was chained to the wall and so could see what was going on, gave a little squeal of terror, but said not a word - she had learnt her lesson well.

The men drove off, leaving us to the gloom and the silence, broken only by the occasional growl from Roy, and the clicking of his chain, and my wife weeping. After about 15 minutes, Michelle said in a loud whisper "Simon! What are we going to do?! What do they want from us?" I thought they were pretty stupid questions - 1. There was nothing we could do while we were chained up, and 2. the answer to the second question seem blindingly obvious - well it was as far as&nbsp; Michelle was concerned. Then, without warning, a cold nose investigated my ass hole, to be replaced almost immediately by a rough tongue. I gave a little shriek of surprise, but by God, it felt really good. I have never ever been rimmed before, let alone by a dog. An instant erection surprised me, and if had my hands free I would have pulled the cheeks of my ass even further apart to give him better access. But no need - his tongue seemed to be doing alright by itself. "What am I doing?" I thought, "being turned on by a dog's tongue". 
Michelle could see what was happening. "Stop him doing that!" She ordered. "We don't want an out of control dog!". Quite how she expected me to stop him, I've no idea, and besides, I quite liked it! 
Upon hearing her voice, and being reminded of her presence, Roy padded over to Michelle and sniffed at her cunt. I thought "no need to sniff, Roy, I can smell her cunt juices from here!" Then little squeals indicated he had started licking her cunt. "Stop that, Roy!" she commanded, then "oh please stop it!". More squeals, and then a hoarse "oh please don't stop" and then I heard the familiar sounds of my wife working up to an orgasm. Roy seemed to sense he was doing the right thing, because the sounds of his lapping came louder and faster. And as she came, screaming obscenities like, "Fuck me, Roy, fuck me", sunlight filled the room, breaking down the gloom. I half expected to hear the Hallelujah Chorus, too. 
It took me a second or two to realise our captors had returned, and were watching my wife thrash around, brought to orgasm by their dog's tongue.
"Hah! What have we here? You have seduced my dog, and I distinctly heard you talking, in contravention of my instructions. You will have to be punished for that. And I wonder what else went on? Let's see what the security camera caught." Michelle gave a sharp intake of breath, and a voice said "Ah, didn't we tell you about that? Oh dear!"

"You'll be pleased to hear we have recovered your car, and it's now safely hidden. I might need to get it "disappeared", but we'll keep it for the time being. Before my brother and I see what you got up to while we were away, let's move you into a more interesting position, one we can use when we've seen the tape."
Michelle was unchained from her position spread-eagled against a wall, and repositioned on the floor, her wrist secure to the floor above her head, and the chains on her ankles tightly secured to the same rings, her ass and cunt completely open and vulnerable, pointing skywards. 
We were left in those positions for over half an hour as the villains watched the security video. I heard them laughing, and commenting. "Look how he's getting off on Roy licking his ass!" and "wow, I've gotta see her orgasm again!". Then the sound of chairs being pushed back.
"OK sluts, it's back to business. We watched the video, and we're disappointed you disobeyed our orders. And disobedience means only one thing - punishment. You'll be delighted to hear that your punishment, and the various other treats we have lined up for you, will be posted on a number of deviant websites. Men, and quite a few women, pay good money to see naked and attractive slaves punished. And that includes you, Simon. Did you know you were gay? No? I thought not. Well you will be as queer as a nine bob note when we've finished with you."
I started in horror. I'd never had a gay experience in my life! I didn't intend to start now - but I did realise that in my present predicament my intentions may have nothing to do with it.
 "We've been studying the contents of your wallet and purse, and we know a lot about you both. A bit more investigation, and we'll have a lot of detail to add colour to the photos and videos we're going to post. People love knowing the intimate details of people they see being abused. Michelle, a teacher! What will your pupils say about video of your cunt being whipped? And you, Simon, what will your clients say about video of you sucking black cock and being ass-fucked?" I could hear my wife whimpering - I knew she would be devastated at being publicly humiliated. And myself? I was devastated too - but a small part of me felt a twinge of excitement.
Bright lights came on, and a voice said "Yep. That looks good. Cameras ready to roll. Let's start with the girl. I'll get close-up footage of her face - I can see tears already that will look good, her tits, cunt and ass. I can see that her cunt is juicing up, and look at the way her asshole is twitching! Cameras rolling."
I managed to get a peep sideways, and although the view wasn't good, I could see a hand held video camera only inches from Michelle's cunt and ass. Fingers were being pushed into her cunt, and I could hear the characteristic squish of her juiced up cunt. Two fingers were slipped into her ass-hole, and I could see her ass lifting to meet them, to push them in further.
The fingers were removed, and I heard Michelle groan. What was happening? My wife was being turned on by strangers' fingers in he ass! A whistling sound, followed by a sharp "thwack", and a gargled scream from Michelle. "Michelle Carswell, a teacher from Bath, is being punished for disobedience" a clear voice said. "Notice how wet she is."
Another thwack, and I saw it was a vicious looking cane. And another, and another, and thin red lines appeared on her ass. "That was just a warm up" came the voice. "now for the best bit, 6 strokes on her open cunt and ass hole. The pubic hair you see there will be removed for future whippings."
"One", and he brought the cane down onto her wide open cunt, with a splat, and I saw drops of cunt juice fly.
"two....three....four" Four was slightly different, coming down on her ass hole, and five. "six" and&nbsp; I was amazed to see my innocent wife lift her ass towards the whip.
"OK camera, close-up of those marks, her face and the juice running from her cunt. Then I think a cup of tea, don't you?"
I could have murdered for a cup of tea, but didn't suppose I would get one - and I wasn't disappointed. Michelle, however, was released from most of her chains, allowed to sit up, and was given tea and biscuits.
15 minutes, and one said "OK, tea-break's over. Back to work." Michelle was made to kneel, and her legs shackled to the floor, widespread. Her arms were pulled through her knees, and her wrists shackled to her ankles. This obviously forced her face onto the floor, with her ass pointing upwards. I had to admit it was lovely sight!
One of the brothers stripped, displaying a huge erection of a rather gnarled looking cock. Sitting at her head, his legs straddling her body, his cock was touching her hair. To Michelle he said "you're about to suck my cock. If i feel your teeth there will be consequences. Do you understand? Now open your mouth WIDE" Without waiting for an answer, he called."OK,let's have some lights and camera".
Holding her roughly by the hair he lifted her head up, pulled her towards him, and pushed her face onto his cock, and into her mouth. As had no means of balancing, she fell forward, his cock hitting her throat. "Now close your lips around me, you're about to be face fucked." So saying, he repeatedly lifted her head by her hair then pushed her back down again. From my rather distorted viewpoint, I could see her lips sliding up and down his cock, her eyes bulging with fear. Then suddenly he stiffened, and held her face hard over his cock. He was cumming directly into her throat. "Don't spill a drop" he warned, as she attempted to hold it and swallow against gravity. Needless to say, she was unsuccessful, cum dripped onto the floor. He said nothing, but I definitely heard "heh heh heh" from somewhere in the room.
"Time for Roy's tongue. I'll want her good and wet in half an hour or so, and judging by her performance earlier, Roy should do the trick nicely. Don't let him fuck her, you know how he gets carried away!" He went and sat on a seat with a good view, and his brother let Roy off the leash. Roy knew Michelle's scent, and especially the strong musky odour of female sex emanating from her cunt, and went straight to it. First, a good sniffing, a cold nose investigating her ass hole and cunt. I could see my wife twitching, her eyes squeezed tight. What was she thinking? I wondered.
Then that tongue. That long and gloriously rough tongue, slurping and lapping away ate her her cunt and ass hole, both of which were held open by the position she was shackled in. It took only a few strokes before Michelle was shaking her ass, attempting to open even further her cunt and ass hole. We had rarely had oral sex, and I was amazed and jealous at how she was reacting to a dog's tongue. Every time it looked as if she was about to cum, Roy was pulled away, and cold water sprayed onto her cunt. After 20 minutes of this, ????????, who was obviously the senior partner, said "OK, I'm ready to do business again. Pull him off and put him on a short chain in the corner. Do you need to put a fresh memory card in the camera?"
Getting down on his knees behind Michelle, he thrust himself into her cunt. She was so wet from the dogs tongue that he went straight in, with no resistance. She was so worked up by Roy's tongue that she came immediately he reached her cervix, grunting and screaming. Her rapist, however, had only just started, and continued plunging in and out. Holding her hips, he simply pushed her back and forth on his cock. Then, as another orgasm began to build in her, and without warning, withdrew from her cunt and thrust hard and deep into her ass. As far as I knew, she was an anal virgin, and must have been tight, but he was so well lubricated with her cunt juices that he slid straight in, to the hilt. Michelle screamed with the sudden pain, but I could see that it had also pushed her orgasm over the edge, as she moved her ass to meet his thrusts. He came at the same time, and pausing long enough only to empty his cum into her ass hole, withdrew whilst she was still cumming.
Swiftly, he picked up the cane and gave her several hard swipes across her ass, then a few down the crease and along her cunt. She screamed even louder, and came even harder. I later discovered that the intention was to equate pain and sexual pleasure in her subconscious mind.
Dropping the cane, he released Roy, who had been working himself to a frenzy with the smell of a sexually active female. I assumed he had done this before, because in an instant he was on her back, his cock thrusting blindly for a hole to fuck. It found her ass hole, and she screamed again, in shame this time, as the dog fucked her ass, only the second fucking her ass had ever had. Shame gave way to lust, and I heard her shouting "yes, Roy, yes yes yes!"
As the dog's knot swelled in her ass she came again, long and hard, and all filmed for the Internet. The dog came inside her, and he turned, his ass t her ass, his cock locked inside her ass hole. They stayed like this for 15 minutes, as his knot subsided. Tears ran down my wife's cheeks, and these too were captured on video. When at last the couple separated, close up footage was taken of my wife's now gaping ass hole, dog cum mingled with rapist cum dribbling out. Michelle's humiliation was complete. Well, not quite, that came a week later when edited highlights of the events were posted on various websites.

Meanwhile, as&nbsp; I lay on my back on the floor, my legs pulled over my head&nbsp; and chained to the same rings as my wrists, turned on by what I had just witnessed happening to my wife, my ass still smarting&nbsp; from the cuts of the cane, I wondered what the abductors had in mind for me.....

to be continued











A Walk in woods 
Part 3 &#8211; Simon's Experience

After a while Michelle's wrists were unchained from her ankles, and one ankle was unchained from the floor bolt. She was allowed to lie flat on her stomach. She had been in that restrained position, ass in the air, face on the floor, for over an hour and a half, and the chage in position must have been very welcome. She had been whipped, face fucked, cunt fucked and ass fucked, then ass fucked by a dog, and she was exhausted and humiliated.

I, on the other hand, was still on my back, my ankles chained to the floor behind my head, and my legs and arms stretched wide. I was feeling very vulnerable. And with good reason. The guy who had raped my wife turned to his brother, and said "over to you." His brother smiled, "Yeah, now it's my turn. I shall enjoy this". Turning to me, he said. "I bet you think you're straight? I bet you think you could never enjoy being gang banged by a lot of horny men? Well you're about to be proved wrong. In a few weeks you'll be certain you really were born a female. Your training begins NOW!"&nbsp; As he said that a whip that hadn't previously noticed in his hand sliced across the cheeks of my ass. My ass lit up with a streak of fire. "You're gonna have to get used to this, there's a lot more coming. And when your tits and nipples are more ladylike, I'm gonna whip those too. It goes without saying that your sissy cock is in for punishment. Oh I AM gonna enjoy myself. Maybe you will too, someday."

His words came like a slap round the face, terror filled my body and I struggled in my chains, but he just laughed. "I love the way you wiggle your ass, the way you're showing me that you can't wait for me to fuck you. But you're gonna have to wait for that pleasure, I've got an ass to whip first." The whip struck and struck again and again. My ass was on fire. Then he stood over my head, directing the whip between my thighs, aiming at my virgin ass-hole - and he had a good aim. Meanwhile, I screamed and sobbed, although being doubled over backwards made it difficult to make much noise.

Then the whipping stopped. I breathed a sigh of relief. Without warning, I felt Roy's long rough tongue on my ass-hole again. he was very good! Despite my anguish I began to feel turned on again, and unfortunately I wiggled my ass suggestively, unintentionally. I heard a "heh heh heh! Time for the next stage." My chains were released, but before I could move my aching limbs I was picked up, and dropped over a portable workbench. Before I knew what was happening the jaws of the vice had closed over my cock and wound up tight. My legs were pulled forward and tied off, and my wrists secured behind my back. "Now, my pretty, let's see what you can do for me. Not forgetting the whip, of course..." and 3 more stripes were added to my now throbbing red ass cheeks.

My face was hanging over the edge of the work bench, and my ass about level with the other end. Because of my position I couldn't see what was going on at all, but suddenly a hand grasped my hair and lifted my head up. I was staring at a large and very erect white cock. Well I say white, but actually it was quite red, he&nbsp; was so turned on. "Open your mouth, slut" came the order. Before I could think whether or not to obey, my head was pulled even higher and my mouth narurally came open... and for the first time ever I had a cock in my mouth. "Don't even THINK of using your teeth..." Not likely! Instantly I found myself being brutally face fucked. I certainly didn't give him a blow job, he just fucked my face. My jaw ached to accommodate him, and I felt him hitting the back of my throat. No time to gag, after a few minutes of vigorous thrusting, his cock grew even bigger. I knew what was coming, but I didn't know whether I could handle it it. - I couldn't! Thick wads of cum filled my mouth, gurgled down my throat and burst past the cock filling my lips. Meanwhile, my assailant pushed my face hard onto his cock, and I couldn't breathe. Fortunately, as his passion eased, he eased off and withdrew, allowing the remaining cum to splash onto my face. Out of a corner of my eye I saw a video camera on a tripod, and the other brother taking still photos. 

His cum ran out of mouth onto the floor. "You're wasting my cum. You'll pay for that. Swallow, you cum slut!" Laying face down, swallowing was not easy, but I did my best. I assumed my ordeal was over, at least for the time being. I was wrong. Barely pausing for breath, my assailant tightened the vice on&nbsp; my cock, and I screamed. This seemed to reinvigorate him, as I saw his cock begin to rise again. I lost sight of him as he moved behind me, and again I felt the whip on my ass. After several strokes, he stopped. A pause, and suddenly 2 fingers invaded my ass hole, pushing right in to the knuckle, and moved around, opening me up, stretching me. 2 fingers were replaced by 3, then my hair was grabbed from behind, forcing my head back. At the same instant, his now fully erect cock invaded my virgin ass. I'd just had my face raped, and now my ass was being raped too. I was living a nightmare. The pain was terrible, bu even worse was the humiliation. But it was about to get even worse - as he got into his stride a strange tingling came over me. Was I beginning to enjoy being raped? Surely not! But unbidden, my ass began to move to meet his thrust, even stretching my cock, still held tight in the vice. And he noticed. "Aha, gotcha, you're a natural pain slut." Leaning forward, he reached under my chest, found my nipples with both hands, and pinched hard, twisted and pulled. I screamed - but I loved it. "Yes yes YESSS" I heard myself shouting. This seemed to drive him over the brink, and my nipples suffered more abuse, as he thrust harder and faster, and emptied his balls into my ass......I passed out.

When I came round I&nbsp; found myself on my back, chained to the floor, beside my wife. She was looking at me with a funny look in her eyes. "Welcome back, slut! You really seemed to enjoy that!" I blushed. I had enjoyed that. "Well you came with a screaming orgasm when you were being ass fucked by a dog, so we're even stevens." Of our captors there was no sign, but there was food and water on a tray, and our hands were free, and we were famaished. We ate, then we cuddled up, exhausted, and slept as best we could with our ankles chained to the floor.

Now what? we wondered.

to be continued











A Walk in the Woods. Part 4 - Picnic

"Wakey wakey! It's a gorgeous morning and we're going for a picnic".
The sound of our chief captor woke me with a start. As I jerked up in alarm, the chain attached to my collar pulled me short, and I remembered where we were. A picnic in the forest sounded nice - but I knew it wouldn't be. What evil plans had they for us today?
"Breakfast is on the tray beside you. When you've finished that you can put on the nice new clothes we've bought you. You've got to look good for your furst prefessional engagement."
My heart sunk. This was not going to be good. It would involve pain, humiliation and rape for both me and Michelle, I was sure. Before i could say a word, he continued "...I'll not spoil the surprise for you, so don't ask".

Our new clothes were shown to us - they didn't amount to much. A short skirt, a skimpy nylon blouse, black stockings and a red suspender belt, and high heeled sandals for Michelle, and a pair of shorts, white tee shirt bearing the slogan "God is love" and open toed sandals for me. No underwear - but that came as no surprise. My shorts and tee shirt were a tight fit, and I wondered how they could have got my size wrong. Michelle, however, looked stunning in her outfit. They had even bought her some make-up, and she applied that gladly. I think she wanted to feel human again but I knew that that was just part of the game.

We were both taken outside and into 2 off road vehicles, one of us in each, and we drove off, heading somewhere deep in the forest. After 30 minutes or so we stopped, and told to get out. We were in a grassy glade, surrounded by tall oaks and beeches, very secluded. And to my suprise, there on the grass an old fashioned picnic was set out - red gingham tablecloth, plates of neat sandwiches, sausage rolls, fancy cakes, a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket and champagne glasses.

"We thought you desrved a treat" one of our captors said. "A nice picnic in the forest. What could be nicer? We'll leave you to it, and you'll be picked up later. Oh, and there are video cameras around, so don't bother trying to escape." And the 2 cars drove off, and soon were out of earshot.

By now it was lunchtime, so we began tucking in to the picnc. It was all very sedate -passing cucumber sandwiches, pouring the bubbly, eating chicken legs, biting into sausage rolls. I began to relax and enjoy it. Then a distant roar, which grew louder quickly, and suddenly a dozen motorbikes arrived in our secluded heaven. None of the riders wore helmets, their hair was long and some wore beards. A number of females were riding pillion. We started in alarm. 

Dismounting, a big man who was evidently the leader, boomed "Hey boys. Look what we've got here! These kind people have set up a picnic for us. Say thank you to the nice people" and he leered. "Lady, be so kind as to pass me the cucumber sandwiches. Oh, I seem to have eaten the last one!"
The rest of the gang lounged around on the grass, "Lady, would you be so kind as to take the plates around to the boys and girls here?" Michelle stood up, taking a plate of sausage rolls. As she passed the leader he put his hand up her skirt, and Michelle squealed. "Hey boys, she's got no panties on. I guess she's here for more than a picnic. Ain't we lucky?! Let's see what we've got to play with." And he lifted the skirt high to reveal my wife's shaved cunt and naked ass. "Yep, we're gonna enjoy this picnic".
Several bikers grabbed Michelle's arms and legs, as she screamed in fear.. In an instant she was spread-eagled on her back on the grass. Before I could begin to move, several more had grabbed me. "Just watch your wife mister, she's gonna get something you can't give her." When rape is inevitable, sit back and watch, as Confucious almost said."

Stakes were being hammered into the ground around my wife, and ropes attached to her wrists and ankles, pulled tightly around the stakes, spreading her legs wider than I'd ever seen her do in the past. 
The leader pulled out a large knife, and approached my terrified wife. With a few quick movements her sliced away her blouse and skirt, leaving her naked except for her suspenders and stockings. "I love the way they frame her cunt" he said, "Just one more thing. Need to do this right" and he spread her hair out on the grass, displaying her hair and face. "OK, who's got the camera?"

One of the biker chicks moved in with a camera, a good quality DSLR, and started snapping. She seemed to major on close-ups of her wide open cunt and her terrified and tearful face. Then members of the gang posed with her, they all seemingly wanted a portait of themselves with Michelle, mostly grasping her tits tightly and twisting them, or with their face by her cunt as they pushed their hand in, or pulled her cunt lips extra wide.

The guys holding me wanted their turn, and I found myself sitting on the ground, tied to a tree with my hands bound in front of me, watching my captors feeling my wife for the camera. When they had finished, the gang leader stood over my wife, and ordered "watch me, slut. See what's coming next. Don't you dare avert your eyes." As his jeans dropped to the ground her eyes opened wide with shock. She was going to have difficulty accommodating that enormous cock, I suspected. He kept his leather jacket on - she was going to feel thise zips and buckles as he layed on her.

He spat on his huge hand, lubricated his cock, got on his hands and knees over her, and plunged straight in hard and fast and deep. Michelle screamed loudly, out shock, fear and pain. She had never taken anything so enormous before. Without a pause, he withdraw and thust in again, and again and again. "He won't last long at that rate" I thought. But I was wrong. The man had stamina. Eventually he grabbed her tits and squeezed as hard as he could, drawing another piercing scream, and came in floods inside her. Her scream changed to a sound of ecstasy. My wife is easily raped! And the biker chick photographed it all. She seemed particularly keen on photos of Michelle's facial expressions as she was raped.

While my wife was being raped, I had a series of mixed emotions. My brain told me this was awful, depraved and disgusting - but my cock told me something different. As the gang leader rolled off, others took his place, to a lot of banter, cheers and barracking. When all the blokes had raped my wife, it was the turn of the biker chicks. They had all stripped completely, adding further to my erection. One was quite fat, and I watched in horror as she spread her cunt and sat on Michelle's face, sliding her cunt up and down, then leaning forward, pulled my wife's labia apart hard, and buried her face in the mixture of male and female juices. I worried about Michelle suffocating, a worry shared, it seemed. A couple of bikers got her off by putting their fingers in the fat girl's cunt and lifting.

And then they were all done, that is, they had all cum inside my wife, or over her face and in her mouth. I had hopes that they would all ride off and leave us be. But no such luck.......



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ragged_Robin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





