BDSM Library -  Wedding Bride




 Wedding Bride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Jenny an extremely good looking girl is about to get married, but something happens.







Jenny was 24 and about to get married to a banker named Greg, he was rich beyond her wildest dreams. He wasn&#8217;t the best looking man in the world but was well above average. Jenny however was gorgeous, she couldn&#8217;t have been more perfect and as a result Greg really spoilt her as he couldn&#8217;t believe he had been so lucky. Jenny had a perfect complexion with light olive skin, flowing blond hair and deep blue eyes, her body had the most amazing curves with the tightest tummy, a firm round arse and perfect legs to go with it. Her boobs were something else and were unnaturally big for her frame at 28EE. 

Guys mouths dropped when she walked down the street but she knew it and Jenny thought she could get anything and everything she wanted with her body and looks. She knew she was marrying early but knew she wouldn&#8217;t have to keep modeling and would never have to work again by marrying Greg.

Greg was letting her have the perfect wedding and as a result was shedding no expense. Jenny had the best wedding planner in the country, a gay guy callled Diva. Diva had sorted out the perfect wedding down in San Diego, she had everything. There was only one problem with Diva and that was his assistant Jack, Jack was very good looking also however still out of Jenny&#8217;s league, with a deep tanned muscular body and great complexion also. Jack however didn&#8217;t treat Jenny like all the other guys she had ever met, he just didn&#8217;t seem interested or find her attractive and it was frustrating Jenny as it meant she didn&#8217;t always get what she wanted. 

Once she had needed Jack to call Diva but Jack had just brushed her off with &#8216;I&#8217;m busy.&#8217; Jenny had then bent over so Jack, as he was sitting down, could see right up her top and whispered in his ear &#8216;please Jack, it would mean a lot to me&#8217; in a very sexy voice but it had had no affect. Usually guys would have been falling over themselves when she did that. As a result it frustrated Jenny and every time she visited Diva she wore more and more short cut dresses and low cut tops in an attempt to get Jack&#8217;s attention, not that she wanted anything out of it but purely because she liked the frill of it. 

Little did she know Jack had guessed her game, she was one of the most beautiful girls he&nbsp; had ever seen but wasn&#8217;t going to let her know it. Jack also had an evil streak in him and automatically brought it on himself to destroy this &#8216;perfect princess.&#8217;

With 4 months to the wedding Diva organized a day for Jenny to sort out and buy all clothing for the honeymoon and wedding night. When she arrived at Divas office however only Jack was their, he told Jenny Diva was ill today but he would be taking her. Again he paid little attention to Jenny, and she thought to her self, &#8216;today is the day I get him in my pocket!&#8217;

Jenny and Jack got into the chauffeur driven car and drove to the place Diva had organized for them. On the way Jenny let her dress move up her leg slightly more than normal and if Jack had looked he would have easily seen her underwear but nothing. Jenny thought he may have looked once but wasn&#8217;t sure. She tried playing with him stroking his leg when they joked. Jack was pleasant to Jenny but no way was Jenny in control and Jack again brushed her off when Jenny tested the water asking for a deviation as she preferred a different route.

They soon arrived at there destination, it was the most upmarket clothes store in California. Inside Diva had organized a room for Jenny to have to her own, it was huge, there was a couple of chairs a number of large mirrors on the wall and ceiling and two racks of clothing. One was full of summer dresses and gowns, the other with underwear and a number of things for the wedding night including white babydolls, see-through underwear and even to Jenny&#8217;s embarrassment some dildo&#8217;s and sex toys. 
Jack left her in the room and said &#8216;chose what you want&#8217;, as he left however he gave her a glass of champagne which he while her back was turned dropped a small tablet into.

Jenny had fun trying on the dresses and had picked out a number, Greg had limited her to 15 but she couldn&#8217;t decide between the last four. As a result she went to the door to ask Jack&#8217;s opinion, when she open the door she saw Jack flirting with a sales assistant, she was good looking but had nothing on Jenny. She couldn&#8217;t believe he would pay this girl attention but not her!

Jenny called him over and he reluctantly left, but not after the sales girl gave him her number, which made Jenny even madder. &#8216;I need you opinion&#8217; said Jenny. &#8216;Which one?&#8217; she questioned pointing to the four laid out on the table. &#8216;Umm its hard&#8217; Jack said &#8216;without seeing them on you, I&#8217;ll wait outside with Claire while you change.&#8217; Jenny guested the sales girl was called Claire and with a small bit of desperation, while at the same time feeling a little drunk, she did something she couldn&#8217;t believe she was doing. &#8216;No just wait their&#8217; Claire ordered before Jack could reach the door.

Claire then span on herself so her back was facing Jack and unzipped her dress she was currently wearing so that it fell to the floor so she was standing back faced to Jack in her underwear allowing him an extremely sexy view of her body and arse. She knew the mirrors would allow Jack to get a 360 degree look at her body but she didn&#8217;t care she wanted him as putty in her hands, she then put on the first dress.

When she span on the spot however Jack was sat down on the chair looking at his phone as if he hadn&#8217;t even watched her. Jenny couldn&#8217;t believe it. &#8216;What do you think?&#8217; said Jenny. &#8216;Yeah nice&#8217; said Jack, &#8216;lets see the others.&#8217;
Jenny put the next one on the same way as before except she kept an eye on Jack throughout through one of the mirrors, not once did he raise his glance. It was really starting to get to her.
Next dress she put on facing Jack and much much closer to him but again nothing. The final dress was just a skirt and she put this on without a top and stood in front of Jack her massive boobs almost popping out of her bra and she pushed her chest out. But again Jack just gave his opinion and told Jenny to pick the underwear now and he left the room.

Jenny was desperate no one had ever treated her like this before and she couldn&#8217;t understand why he would rather be out with Claire than her. Jenny angrily picked out some underwear and decided Jack was to &#8216;help&#8217; her chose again. 

Jenny didn't know what was coming over her, she was just so desperate, little did she know the drug was taking affect lowering her habitations and making her turned on. She put on what she thought was the sexiest underwear and through a light dressing gown over her. 

Again she went to the door and called Jack away from Claire. Once inside Jack closed the door and turned around to Jenny who dropped the gown on the floor revealing her spectacular body. The underwear was practically see-through and she looked incredible, her pert nipples on her oversized body poking through the fabric.
'Looks good' Jack said cooly, playing with her, 'however don't think it suits you, let's get Claire in here she&#8217;d look great in that.' 
'No!' Jenny almost cried, unbelievingly. She quickly turned on the spot not 1 meter from Jack. Undid the strap at the back of her bra and let the pants fall down her leg to the floor. 

She was completely naked with her back to Jack, at this point Jack new he was on the way to winning. Here she bent over spreading her legs, as she did so allowing Jack to see between her legs. She picked up another pair this time a less see-through pair but with ribbons on the sides which held them in place. She let them caress her body as she put them on as seductively as possible.

She turned and presented herself again she looked incredible. Jack however replied with 'Ok, but I don't think I'd want that on my wedding night'
Jenny couldn't believe her ears, and she couldn&#8217;t believe what she did next, her desire for attention had just taken over, or so she thought. 
She pulled the ribbons on the underwear allowing to fall to the ground whilst she stared at Jack, this time he was looking at her. She pulled on a lace see through top which basically still made her naked in front of him.

'This?' she demanded. 'Yeaahh, ummm it just looks cute,' Jack almost teased, 'not that sexy'
Again Jenny was taken aback, she turned on the spot looking for something more sexy, her eyes landed on the dildo.

Her desires for attention had taken over her and she wasn't thinking straight due to the drugs and for some reason unknown to her her body was aching to be touched, she grabbed the dildo and moved it up to her pussy lips. 'Is this sexier' she questioned with a smile on her lips as she pushed in inside her.

She had never used a dildo before and was surprised how easily it slipped in, she then realised how wet she was. 'Yes' said Jack now not able to take his eyes off Jenny. He took a step towards her and grabbed her hand which was in control of the dildo. Jack flicked a switch in the side of it and it began to vibrate inside her.

Jacks touch, attention and the unexpected vibration made Jenny&#8217;s knees buckle making almost fall into Jack and before she knew what was happening she had fallen into his arms and was allowing him to kiss her and fuck her with the dildo.
She knew it was wrong and should stop but she couldn't she wanted Jacks attention too badly.

Before she really knew what was happening Jack was naked and inside Jenny, his cock was just as impressive as his body at 9" and had an impressive girth. It stretched Jenny as Greg&#8217;s cock was merely 5".
The sex was intense and after 10 minutes it was over, clothes were all over the floor where they had been brushed off the table as Jack had laid Jenny on her back pushing deep and hard into Jenny.
They both orgasmed together and soon afterwards Jack pulled out of Jenny pushing her slightly back into the chair where he had been taking her doggy style. He quickly dressed and left the room saying 'wife slut!' as he did.

Jenny couldn't believe herself, she thought shed got Jacks attention but he had just called her a slut and left. She had cheated on Greg and the reason for doing it hadn't even worked. She began crying naked on the chair, after a while she pulled herself together, pulled the clothes she wanted together and got dressed.
Jack was again chatting up the sales girl as she came out and they left not talking all the way home. Jenny then went home still horrified at what she&#8217;d done.





A week later Jenny was still shocked by the way she'd behaved and how she&#8217;d cheated on Greg, how had her body and desires taken complete control?
During breakfast she got a text from Diva saying she needed to come in to decide on the invite design, not wanted to see Jack she reluctantly went over to Divas office hoping he wouldn&#8217;t be in.

When she arrived Diva wasn't there just Jack and a black man she hadn't seen before. She almost left straight away saying 'I have nothing to say to you' but Jack grabbed her and pulled her back in, 'I have something important for you to see.' He took her into the back office and showed her a screen he then pressed the play button on the DVD player connected to the screen. To Jenny&#8217;s horror the CCTV footage of the day in the changing room started playing!

Jenny stood up outraged 'give me that' she yelled going for the DVD player.
Jack stopped her, 'Jenny stop!' he said angrily, 'I have made copies so even if you get this one your still in a lot of trouble.' 'Now' he said more calmly with a slightly evil tone, 'if you don't want this going to Greg in the mail, through email and to his work your going to have to do me some favors.'
'Is this a joke,' she retorted 'this isn't the movies you can't blackmail me!'
'Oh but I can' said Jack, 'look all your going to have to do is come to my house once a week until the day of your wedding which is only 15 weeks for one hour and I'll give you this tape!'

At this Jack pulled out a contract it wasn't long and basically said 'I Jenny will do what ever Jack says every Wednesday for one hour upto my wedding day. Jack will then return the dvd of date 26th March to me'
'No way, I don't believe you' Jenny cried, with that she picked up her bag and marched for the exit.
'Tonight is the first night Jenny' Jack called after her. 'My address is 12 Beach Street and tonight I want you to wear the bathing suit you picked up last week, if your not there at 10 you can say goodbye to your wedding!&#8217;

Jenny tears streaming down her face left and rushed home, her mind was racing but she wasn't going to be blackmailed by Jack!
At 8:30 however her phone buzzed with a message to look outside, outside was the same blackman from earlier holding a package, he saw Jenny looking at him and winked at her.

She had no choice and after 10 minutes of battling with herself, she gave an excuse to Greg and left the house with her bikini she had bought last week. 
Jacks wasn't far, it was a nice house, small house which backed onto the beach with the ocean not 10 meters behind.

She gingerly knocked on the door at 9:05, Jack didn't take long to answer and looked Jenny up and down - she was dressed in the summer dress with a black coat on. 'What is this?' Jack questioned, 'I said come in your swim suit' 'I have it here' Jenny quickly replied holding it up.
'Well put it on then!' Jack snarled. Jack still hadn't let her in the house and unbelievingly Jack forced her to undress on the door step and put her bikini on. At first Jenny struggled and refused but when Jack started to shut the door while at the same time saying &#8216;Good luck!&#8217; Jenny gave in.

He let her in grabbing the clothes off the floor and throwing them inside. Jennys bikini was reasonable small and she was completely embarrassed even though Jack had seen her naked before. She was pushed into the lounge where a group of black men were watching tv 'what is with jack and black friends' Jenny thought.

As a test of obedience she was told to clean the room. She moved around the men picking up beer cans and pizza boxes as they pinched and explored her body with there hands. After 10 minutes of cleaning Jenny was told she was going for a swim and with Jack In his swim suit they went out to the ocean. 

The beach and ocean were deserted so Jenny was ok with quickly getting in the ocean and covering her body with water. However as soon as she was in the water Jack pulled her close to him, straight way she could feel his through his shorts, but wait he wasn't even wearing any. Jack forced Jenny to reluctantly kiss him while his middle finger wondering inside her bikini and started to finger her. She resisted at first but after a reminder of her situation she was soon moaning under his touch. All of a sudden however he forced her head under the water and onto his cock. Jenny struggled under his arms pushing her hand down and choked on some water. Jack let her up, struggling for air, but as soon as she regained herself she was pushed back under forcefully. She opened her mouth knowing what was expected and blew him under the water, she was kept down there until she really started struggling then was only then let back up for air. This was repeated 10 times and by the end she was near hysterics. 

Jack then brought her to the shore and began fucking her in the shallows with her back laid on the wet sand as the water lapped around her arse. As Jack started to feel close to an orgasm he lifted Jenny up bringing her into deeper water, he turned her around and started fucking her from behind with her arms held up above her back. As Jack began climaxing he pulled Jenny&#8217;s arms up and forced her head underwater, again Jenny wasn't expecting it and was out of breathe as she was starved of air whilst Jacks cock twitched and spurted stream after stream of cum inside her. 

Jack didn't let her up straight away after either and when he did she came up in a panic. Jack pulled her to shore and half laughed at her as she regained control, he had a real evil streak. One of the black men came out with a glass full of White liquid which he gave to Jack with a wink.

'Times nearly up' Jack said pushing the drink into Jennys hand, 'drink this and you can go!'
Completely beaten after her abuse she drank up, it tasted horrible but every time she went to stop Jack lightly kicked her to keep going.
After she was finished she asked angrily 'what the hell was that?' 
'oh just about 3 to 4 loads of cum from all the guys in their!' he laughed pointing at the house.
Jenny felt completely abused as she stared at the now empty glass, she couldn&#8217;t believe what shed been subject to! Or how easily she had been blackmailed.

Jack put Jenny&#8217;s keys in her hand and walked up to the house locking her outside just in her bikini. Jenny tried knocking on the door to get her clothes back but they didn't answer so she was forced to drive and sneak into her home unnoticed and change without Greg noticing. 

The next 15 weeks were hell for Jenny. Every week she was told to wear a different item of clothing which she had bought on that shopping trip which she was going to take on her honeymoon. 
Week 2, Jack wasn't their but she was forced to have sex with one of the black guys under Jack&#8217;s instruction. She didn't hate blacks but wasn't attracted to them in the slightest and felt sick having to stick the black veiny 10" cock inside her, at first it hurt like hell but by the end she was screaming in orgasm as it filled her up beyond anything before.
As a result of that Jenny told Greg she didn't want to have sex until their marriage "to make it more special" but really she was scared he would realize her pussy was looser. 

Week 3 had her spit roasted by Jack and the black guy, with Jack in his last movement entering her arsehole and cuming up her arse. It was extremely painful for Jenny as she&#8217;d never had anything up there before.

Week 4 had her Jenny crawl around like a dog sucking off all 10 of the men that usually sat in the lounge whilst they watched tv.

Week 5 Jack tied her to his bed and inserted a dildo on a rotating wheel into her so that she could be left for half an hour while it fucked and vibrated inside her.
Then five of the black men came in after she had had 5 orgasms. One got underneath her and with little lubrication forced his 7" into her arse, another got on top with his horse like 11" filling her pussy, one 8" in her mouth and another 8" and a 9" in her hands.
With her in the state of arousal that she was in Jenny bucked furiously as the cocks abused her body.

Week 6 - Jack got her to wear a really small skimpy dress with no underwear and took her out for dinner. He also inserted three remote control vibrating eggs into her pussy and two in her arse.
During the meal Jack slipped another pill into her drink while at the same time he kept her on the edge of orgasm and intensified the vibrations when she was talking to the waiter. He also kept running his hands up her leg whilst the vibrations moved through her body.
After the meal Jack took her home without having sex with her. Jenny looked confusingly at Jack as he pulled up in front of her home. As she opened the door to leave Jack sent another vibration through her body, this was too much for her she turned around shutting the door she mounted Jack pulling his cock out of his trousers and rode him like there was no tomorrow! After he came inside her he pushed her out of the car and drove off. 
Jenny again was completely confused by her actions afterwards, why had she been overwhelmed and fucked this man who was being so horrible to her.

Week 7 Jack took her to a strip club run by his friend here he got her to perform on stage in her babydoll and then afterwards to take a random guy (who was actually the club owner Jacks friend) for a private dance. Jack told Jenny that she had to seduce him to a point where he would have sex with her.
Jenny was reluctant this was different to before as this was a stranger and this was making her out to be a complete whore. Jack was rough with her and forced an E down her throat. As soon as it took affect her inhibitions were lost and she started lap dancing like a pro, you'd have thought she'd of been doing it for years. After 10 minutes of dirty dancing she pulled the guys cocks out and mounted him, she fucked his brains out and was by far the most attractive girl he had very had sex with.

After finishing Jack took her home, and she started to leave he said 'do you want a night cap?' winking. The drugs were still taking affect and Jenny unconsciously agreed so instead Jack took her back to his here he had sex with three times cuming in her pussy up her ass and finally on her tits and face.
In the morning Jenny woke in a panic, Jack was still asleep his cock resting on his stomach, Jenny got up and quickly dressed and walk herself home, Greg had already left for work but had left a worried note and a lots of missed calls on Jenny&#8217;s phone. It took some serious lying and explaining to convince Greg she had fallen asleep at Lucy&#8217;s her good friends.
Jenny spent most of the day as she usually did after being with Jack crying however this time was worse as she had (as far as she could remember) willingly stayed over at Jacks and fucked a complete stranger just because Jack had told her too.

Week 8 Jack had Jenny to himself he drugged her again making her take E and put her in all sorts of positions. He linked silk rope around her neck and as he fucked her he tightened the ropes causing her to gasp for breath. The air play along with the drugs was incredible for Jenny and her body spasmed in orgasm each time her oxygen was restricted and Jack went deep inside her. Jack fucked her 3 times over 2 hours before returning her to her home.

Week 9 Jack took her back to the strip club. He gave her more drugs which she now took without hesitation and was told to lap dance and fuck as many people as she could in the night. Over 5 hours she fucked 8 guys after giving them all a lap dance. When she came out after the last guy she realised Jack had gone and the club was closing Jenny went outside to see if Jack was around but again he couldn&#8217;t seen. Soon all that was left was one taxi, it pulled up next to her and an middle aged, fat, dirty taxi driver asked if she needed a lift and that it was dangerous to hang around outside at this time dressed the way she was,.

Jenny was still drugged up and had no money on her, she pleaded with the taxi driver to let him take her home and she would pay him when they arrived. He agreed and started to take her home, Jenny drugged up lay across the back seat and almost passed out, she didn&#8217;t even realize the taxi shop and taxi driver get out and enter the back. She woke up startled as she felt a finger enter her pussy, she pushed it away frantically assessing her situation.
&#8216;Look!&#8217; said the taxi driver &#8216;your in the middle of no where and the only way your going to get home is by letting me fuck you, if not your on your own!&#8217;
What choice did she have! Jenny drugged and scared gave in she let him fall on top of her his belly half crushing her. He wasn&#8217;t gentle and pulled her clothes off her whilst he penetrated her. This was by far the most beautiful girl he had ever laid eyes on let alone fucked and he didn&#8217;t last long as a result but as he came he grabbed her tits with his hands and forced his tongue deep in her mouth. Jenny was disgusted and even with the drugs was horrified at her situation, she was one of the most gorgeous girls she thought to her self and she was been turned into a whore, Jack hadn&#8217;t even instructed her to do this but yet she had somehow allowed herself to be fucked by a stranger. After the taxi driver had finished he took her home and left.



Week 10
The morning after Jenny got a surprise from Greg, he had booked a week retreat for them at a 5 star hotel down the coast. Jenny was so happy until she realised she&#8217;d miss the next week with Jack. So that night she went round to plead with Jack to let her off this week, she also sobbed and told Jack how she couldn&#8217;t believe he had left her the night before and when she told him what had happened he proceeded to tell her what a slut she was. Jack after much thought gave in, under certain conditions, she would have to take an E every morning and night until week 11 and she was to insert a vibrating egg into her pussy every evening when she went for a meal. Jenny agreed taking the egg and 26 E with her. 

She took an E every morning and very night until Saturday and slowly her subconscious brain was starting to look forward to taking them. On Saturday Greg and her drove to the hotel, the first evening Jenny inserted the egg into her pussy before they went out and then with Greg went to the hotel restaurant. Everything was going well until just after starters the egg started vibrating this caused Jenny to startle and she looked up to see on a table not 3 meters away from hers, Jack! He was smiling and winked at her. Jenny didn&#8217;t know what to do and was sat panicking trying to act normal in front of Greg.

Jack kept up the vibrations to a point where Jenny couldn&#8217;t take it anymore. Just as they moved onto dessert Jack stood up and caught Jenny&#8217;s attention and indicated towards the bathroom, she watched Jack go over and go into the female toilet. She sat there paralyzed as the egg vibrated at the highest speed, she couldn&#8217;t take it. Jenny excused herself and through desire and being slightly drugged went over to the bathroom. She opened the door and Jack met her instantaneously, he quickly whilst kissing her moved her into a cubical and started fucking her like never before. He didn&#8217;t last that long due to the excitement that had built up over the meal and they both quickly left Jack to his room and Jenny to the table where Greg sat non the wiser of what his wife had just done. As Jenny left the room Jack told her his room number 217 just five doors down from her and Greg&#8217;s 212!!
Jenny throughout the rest of the meal felt awful she couldn&#8217;t believe what was happening to her, true Jack was probably better looking than Greg but Greg wasn&#8217;t a prick and was spoiling her rotten.

Later that night Jenny took her E for the evening and got into bed, both her and Greg soon fell asleep, it must of been 30 minutes later when Jenny woke up to the buzzing inside her pussy as the egg vibrated inside her. Jenny couldn&#8217;t sleep with it inside her but for some reason unknown to her she didn&#8217;t take it out. She lay there for 20 minutes becoming more and more turned on, finally she couldn&#8217;t handle it anymore, she got out of bed naked and put on her dressing gown and walked down the corridor to Jacks room. She couldn&#8217;t work out why she didn&#8217;t remove it and have sex with Greg instead but somehow with the &#8216;ban&#8217; on sex they were having until married, she had no desire to make love to him.
She stopped to think just before 217, almost turned back and then knocked lightly. Jack opened the door his erection standing strong. Jenny moved into the room dropping her dressing gown and jumping on Jack. They had sex twice before falling asleep together.

Jacks alarm went off at 5 am and he woke Jenny up by penetrating her, they had sex once more with him finally cuming on her back and then sent her back to her room. He got back into bed with Greg and fell back to sleep, feeling like a cheap whore.

Throughout the next week the same process repeated itself every night they would fuck like crazy in the bathroom during the meal and then Jenny would sneak into Jacks room after Greg had fallen asleep and sneak back early in the morning. Every night she fought with the eggs knowing she could take it out and every night instead of having sex with Greg fucked the living daylights out of Jack. Jenny also continued to take her drugs and would start to get withdrawal symptoms if she took them late, Jack gave her some more telling her to take them at lunch time as well. 

Week 11 after returning home on the Sunday Jenny went round as usual to Jacks on the Wednesday. Jack took her to a large mansion in the countryside, inside in a big lounge with a roaring fireplace were 20 old aged men smoking cigars and chatting. They were all over weight and non particularly attractive. Before Jenny could complain much, Jack put a cock ring in her mouth and hooded her removing sight and hearing, she was then at Jacks mercy.
Jack however left leaving her in the room with the 20 old men. All of them took viagra apart&nbsp; and started taking turns with Jenny, they put her on all fours on a sheep skin rug in front of the fire and started filling her up. At first all the men were crazy everyone wanting a go, as per usual Jenny was hotter than most of them had ever seen, let alone naked and especially not had the chance to fuck. One man went up her arse, one in her pussy and one in her mouth. The others stood around pulling at her tits and perfect nipples and running there hands over her curves.
Jenny was disorientated due to two of her senses being cut off and as a result could only focus on her intrusions, she knew the old men were fucking her and she couldn&#8217;t do anything about it and it completely repulsed her. As a result of her concentration her mind focused on her pussy and the sensations and soon the old men were bringing her to orgasm.
There was no break for her either as as soon as one had cum inside her another was ready to replace him. After everyone had cum once they slowed down, some talking and smoking while one by one the fucked her in which ever hole they chose, they also started cuming on her, all over her body and in her hair, at least the hood however protected her face.
By the end of the night, Jenny&#8217;s inner thoughts were a mess, everyman had taken her at least 2 times but most had gone 3 times, she had orgasmed to her distress more than she could remember, all her holes hurt and she could feel the cum all over her body and hair. She cried deeply into the hood as her ass, throat and pussy throbbed in pain.
After leaving her for a little longer Jack took the hood off her and made her look at herself in the mirror, her eyes were bloodshot, cum streaked her body and her hair was matted together by clumps of cum.
Jenny was dropped off at home in this condition and she had to clean up for 30 minutes before she felt she could get away with crawling silently into bed with Greg.

Week 12, the day after her gang bang by the old men, Jenny woke in need of some more drugs however had ran out, by lunch time she saw no option but to go to Jack to get some more, luckily he was in. She pleaded and pleaded but Jack refused and kicked her out, Jenny was desperate, &#8216;I&#8217;ll do anything!&#8217; she cried. &#8216;Ok&#8217; thought Jack.
Jack explained to Jenny how she could earn them, as they weren&#8217;t cheap. Jenny said she would just pay for them but Jack didn&#8217;t except that and said she would get 4 tablets a day as long as she came to the house to get them and sucked off whoever Jack said beforehand. Seeing no other choice she agreed - she sucked Jack off, he pulling out just as he came hitting her with jets of sperm. Friday and Saturday she came round and sucked Jack off, Monday and Tuesday were two different black men but when she came round Jack had an evil plan up his sleeve.
He had borrowed his mates labrador and told Jenny she would have to suck the dog off for her dose of drugs that day. Jenny flat out refused pleading him for another way but he refused. Jenny left her hands shaking in need of the drugs but no way was she to lower herself to sucking off a dog. However by late afternoon the 5 weeks of taking drugs was getting over her and see was starting to sweat and have hot and cold flashes as her body withdrew from the drugs. By 5pm she was basically crawling up the drive to Jacks, again she weakly pleaded with Jack but to no use and she finally gave in lying on the floor below the dog she encouraged its cock out of its sheath with her hand and then began sucking it off. She was surprised at how big it was and the knot at the end was huge, she was also surprised at how long it took finally after 20 minutes the lab cuming bucket loads down her throat, so much so that some leaked out the side of her mouth.
She quickly took a tablet and left in a fit of tears at what she had been subjected to and how much she hated Jack.

On Wednesday she came round again in the early morning and was forced to take the lab again, this time she put up less of a fight knowing it was useless. 
Wednesday evening she returned to see what was in store for her this week. Jack took her to an underground cage fighting match where Jack instructed her she was to be the round girl, holding up the round number in-between the matches, she was however going to be doing this naked and with a remote control egg in her pussy and in her ass. 
Every time she walked on stage Jack activated the eggs and her body shook with pleasure as she walked in front of all the drooling men, again her body was an image of perfection.
After all the games had finished Jack then forced her on stage to do a performance for the crowd, she was given two dildos and told to do a good job or he&#8217;d give her to them.
Jenny fucked herself silly on stage not wanted to be handed to the thugs in the crowd, she almost lost herself in the sensations she caused herself. After 10 minutes of her fucking herself the wrestler who had won the main event came on stage, he was called the hammer and this was for more than one reason. His cock was huge at 12� and at least 3� girth at its thickest.
He woke Jenny out of her trance by pushing her on her back lying on top of her and penetrating deep inside her. Even though she was well lubed up his cock still hurt like hell and she screamed in pain as he revenged her, the crowd went wild as he fucked her most of the time forcing her on top making her ride him. He kept a firm grip on her hips and made sure he pushed her all the way down his cock impaling her on it whilst he watched her oversized breasts move around above him. He finally came on her face and stood up punching the air in celebratory manner. Jenny was left in heap clutching her abused pussy.

Week 13 throughout the rest of the week Jenny was forced to go to Jacks everyday to get her drugs, Jack kept her on the lab forcing her to play with herself while she did so.
On the Wednesday Jack took her to the dodgy end of town, to a motel here he told her she was going to be a whore for the night. Jenny couldn&#8217;t believe her ears, &#8216;WHAT!&#8217; she screamed. &#8216;Shut up you whore!&#8217; Jack angrily replied, &#8216;you forget what I have on you, remember only two more weeks and your free,&#8217; he reminded.
Jenny knew there was no point fighting she was so far in and completely beaten anyway. Jack dressed her in the whoreiest outfit ever and put her outside the motel with the key to one of the rooms, she was told, almost as an insult, to charge $2 for sex. It didn&#8217;t take long for the first car to pull up and ask the price it was two black men and as soon as they heard it they quickly pulled over and took her up to the room - 30 minutes later they left and Jack forced Jenny back out on the street.

Throughout the night Jenny was taken 10 times, first the two black men, a geeky white guy, a overweight business man, 2 students, a biker, a bald scary looking man, a drunk middle aged man and a bolding middle to old aged man. Afterwards Jenny felt dirtier and more downgraded then she had ever felt, she couldn&#8217;t believe what she had done to herself and the insult that Jack had put on her charging $2 made it so much worse.

Week 14 Jenny&#8217;s addiction was getting worse, Jack had got another german shepherd from a friend and she was now forced to suck both it and the lab off before she could get her drugs. She cried every time she did it but every time she tried to resist she gave in.
On the Wednesday Jack took her to a biker bar. Jack brought her into the back and into a room, there was a hole in the wall, Jenny was forced to wear a large cock ring opening her mouth extremely wide and to bend over and put her head through. As soon as she did she realized where she was. The hole lead directly into a toilet, her head was quickly secured in place and even though she tried to pull out she was now stuck. Her chin rested on the bottom of the urinal tray and her open tray not too far off that.
She felt her clothes being removed and then the fucking started, it frustrated her that she couldn&#8217;t see who was fucking her and it was a horrible experience, not to mention the smell of the urinal was making her feel sick. Her frustration was sort lived as three bikers entered the toilet, they unzipped and walked over to Jenny, the first one placed a flaccid cock inside her mouth and began pissing down her throat. The cock ring prevented her mouth from closing and the way she had been secured and was being fucked stop her from stopping the foul liquid pour down her throat.
As soon as the first dirty biker finished the next stepped up, he instead of pissing down her throat pissed all over her face and in her hair, the piss still ran into the urinal tray however and accumulated, as a result Jenny was forced to swallow the piss that went over her chin level or it would cause her to choke and die.
From then on she got fucked and pissed on almost continually for 6 hours straight, some of the guys came in, told her he had just fucked her and then pissed down her throat or over her face.
When she was finally realised she look a mess cum streaked down her leg, and all over her ass and back and also seeped out of her pussy and ass. Her hair drip with piss and her mouth and eyes were red from the stretching and crying.

Week 15 again repeated its usual pattern in the day, however now Jenny had to come round and suck off the dogs every time she wanted one pill, which was now 4-5 times a day.
Wednesday was the day before her wedding and the final day of hell, for Jenny. Jack didn&#8217;t take her anywhere however but brought her into his room, in there was her perfect wedding dress. Jack told her to put it on and then tied her to the bed, spread eagled. 
&#8216;I thought I&#8217;d christen your dress!&#8217; Jack said smiling. &#8216;No please!&#8217; Jenny pleaded, &#8216;anything but this, I have to wear it tomorrow, you&#8217;ll ruin my day, please no!&#8217;
Jack ignored her and got out a strange liquid, he lifted her dress up exposing her pussy and started spraying the liquid all over Jenny&#8217;s pussy and spraying it inside her pussy, Jenny kept asking what he was doing but he didn&#8217;t respond. 
He then left the room coming back in with the lab, the lab smelt the bitch spray Jack had been applying straight away and jumped on the bed.
Jenny was screaming at the top of her voice as the dogs huge cock came out of its shaft and it attempted to mount her, Jenny struggled like crazy against her restraints but to no avail. She screamed and screamed but with one trust the lab found what he was looking for and penetrated Jenny. Jenny couldn&#8217;t believe her eyes, she was in her perfect wedding dress, which she looked like a princess in and was being raped by an animal in it, she was better looking than all the guys she had fucked over the last 15 weeks&#8217; standard and now even a dog was fucking this perfect girl.
The knot expanded inside her, making her almost faint and locked dog and Jenny together. Jenny got her pussy fucked like crazy as the dog went frantic inside her. The ordeal lasted 20 minutes but when she felt the dog fill her with its sperm and the knot reduce and loosen all Jack did was bring in the german shepherd to replace the lab, the germans cock was bigger than the lab and it hurt like hell when the knot expanded inside her.
After both dogs had taken Jenny Jack realised her and threw her outside naked, he gave her a DVD and locked the door behind him. Jenny was forced to walk home naked running and hiding the whole way home, once home she checked the DVD that had caused all these problems and then snapped it.

In the morning was the big day she had been waiting for! The service was beyond her wildest dreams and she was now married at the after party, Jenny and Greg were participating in the first dance when a projector turned on and Jenny looked up to her worst fears, the images showed Jenny&#8217;s actions over the last few weeks in a shortened version. How was this possible, Jack had even managed to film the outside shots when they were in the sea together in night vision, a video from inside the taxi, the old mens club, every thing was streaming in front of everyones eyes. Greg pushed Jenny away disgusted and Jenny ran out of the room crying, she drove to Jacks house a complete wreck!
&#8216;How dare you!!!!&#8217; she yelled, &#8216;you&#8217;ve ruined by life!&#8217;
She tried to attack Jack but Jack got the better of her and pinned her to the ground, after calming her down slightly he explained how he had only promised to return the one DVD, he gave Jenny a drink of water while he did this and by the end of his short speech she had collapsed due to the sleeping pill he had put in it.
Jack then threw Jenny into his car and drove.

Jenny woke in a dark room all her limps tied to a dirty bed, as she gained consciousness she saw Jack. &#8216;Welcome to Mexico&#8217;s biggest whore house, your new home,&#8217; he said swiftly before exiting the room with a laugh.
Jenny looked around frantically, trying to free herself but to no avail. The door opened and in game a dirty looking Mexico he clapped his hands together and said &#8216;ahhh gringo.&#8217; and got to work on Jenny.

For the next five years Jenny barely left her room, she was fed a minimal amount and fucked at least 20 times a day but most days it was more like 50. After 6 months she had become so weak she no longer needed to be tied up and was just left on the bed.
After the 5 years she was deemed almost useless and was thrown onto the street. She tried to get across the boarder back to America but it was no use, she ended working the streets and died 4 years later of an STD.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack hgb


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





