BDSM Library - Tiffany is Trained and Auctioned 




Tiffany is Trained and Auctioned 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   In the last trilogy of the series, Kaitee reads Tiffany's emails back to her, takes photos of her in a variety of sexy outfits then has her service a steady stream of men.






Tiffany Completes Her Training and Is Auctioned
CHAPTER ONE

** Kaitee reads Tiffany's emails back to her, takes photos of her in a variety of sexy outfits then has her service a steady stream of men. **

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: This is the last of a set of three trilogies. It picks up where "Tiffany Gets Decorated" and "Tiffany Crosses the Color Line" left off. To learn more about these characters and how they got into this situation, you may want to read those stories first. There is a single flashback called out in this chapter. It's NOT a device I use often so please forgive its intrusion. I thought it was important to establish a little context - D
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kaitee lost no time establishing her absolute dominance over Tiffany.

After the scene at the club last night, it wasn't difficult at all. Tiffany had offered herself completely, with no reservations or hesitation:

** FLASHBACK TO LAST NIGHT
"Tiffany? Tiffany? What are you doing, my sister?" She started softly, sounding shocked and confused. I stood on the sidewalk and watched, Tiffany's back was to me, I had no idea whether or not she knew I was there. It didn't matter. This was Kaitee's show. "You've been drinking. You are drunk. You dishonor yourself and me. And your clothes, look at yourself. And your makeup. Are you trying to be a whore? A Mexican hooker?" Tiffany was crying and kept reaching for Kaitee, sobbing "I can explain...I can explain..." but Kaitee was relentless. "And earlier today! What did you do to yourself? Your hair was braided -- what do they call it? -- cornrows? And the padded pants. You looked like one of those black girls we saw on Hollywood Boulevard, the prostitutes. Why would you even dress up like that? ... Unless...unless you..."

Tiffany fell to her knees now, wrapped her arms around Kaitee's legs and cried, "no! No! I...I..." but she had nothing to say. She couldn't tell Kaitee what was really going on and she knew it. I could turn the pictures over to her family, to the school, to everyone she knew. Her life would be destroyed.

Kaitee waited a long time before she spoke again. Tiffany slid further down, now kissing her feet, the ankles and insteps, blubbering and begging her to forget what she saw. I looked at Kaitee and she looked at me and nodded. She mouthed, "just another few minutes" and I nodded. She was playing Tiffany expertly. Letting Tiffany punish herself was far more effective than anything Kaitee or I could do to her. 

Finally, Kaitee said quietly, "are you ashamed of your heritage? Of *our* heritage?" Tiffany whimpered. "Is that why you are tanning yourself so darkly? Why you wear those Hispanic slut earrings? Why you were wearing those horrible pants this morning? Were you out all night? Walking around trying to make men think you are a black girl?" She paused and let it wash over Tiffany. "Or a Mexican?" She crouched down and stroked Tiffany's hair. Tiffany moaned. "What are you going to do at school tomorrow?" She pulled Tiffany's hair, tilted her head back and looked into her eyes. "Will we call you a new name? Are you Maria now? Or LaDonna? Will you be dating only black men now?" She let go of Tiffany's hair and her face fell forward, the tears flowing freely onto the pavement. Kaitee delivered the final blow. "Do you want a new roommate?" Tiffany jerked up, threw her arms around Kaitee, pulled her close, crying loud now, "No, no, Kaitee, I love you, I want to be yours, I need to be yours, I want to be your slave, I've always wanted to be your slave. I want you to own me, you own me, body and soul. I love you..." she broke down into tears, buried her head in Kaitee's shoulder. Kaitee stroked her hair and looked at me. 
** FLASHBACK ENDS

I watched as Kaitee gently pushed Tiffany away and walked out of the club. Tiffany got up and followed her while dozens of eyes stared after her. This beautiful, dark-skinned Asian princess with the long, thick black hair had humiliated herself in front of them and now had to parade herself past them to follow her new Mistress out into the street. They laughed and pointed and she turned red with shame.

Kaitee flagged a taxi and the three of us rode back to their dorm room in silence, Tiffany sitting between us, back straight, eyes lowered, one hand resting on each knee, palms up. Her knees were parted, her crotch would be visible to anyone who looked. She hadn't been told to sit like that, didn't need to be. It was a posture than all Korean women knew as a punishment pose and found terribly humiliating. A cardinal rule for "respectable ladies" in Korea is to "keep the legs closed and never allow a direct view of the space between the legs."&nbsp; This position -- called "charu" from some obscure Korean dialect -- violated all rules of proper female presentation. Even whores found it demeaning and charged considerably extra if asked to take it. Kaitee knew the effect it would be having on Tiffany -- a girl raised to respect her heritage as a deep and integral part of her personality.

When they got to their room, Kaitee really turned it on. She stood in silence with her back to Tiffany for five full minutes before she spoke.

"You say you love me and want to give yourself to me completely?"

"Kyung Mi, Mistress, yes. As long as I have known you, I have wanted nothing but more than to be with you. I have wanted it with my whole heart and soul. I will commit myself to you completely if you will have me."

"Tiffany, sit down. I need to say a few things to you."

Tiffany stepped to one of the chairs and sat down, assuming the "charu" position again.

"Tiffany, you have been acting in an unacceptable manner of late. For quite a while actually." Kaitee stood with her back to Tiffany. I watched Tiffany squirm slightly in the chair but she kept her mouth shut. "I have read your emails. I have smelled the room, rich with your scent, when I came in late in the evening. I have seen the flush of your cheeks and neck after you have performed your vile deeds for your Internet lovers."

Kaitee stopped and let it all sink in. I watched calmly. Tiffany was frozen in place but her eyes were blinking more rapidly and I could tell she was processing it all, wondering how much Kaitee actually knew. Her feet shifted slightly -- an unforgivable offense in the position but hardly one I was going to reveal to Kaitee.

"I would like to read some of them back to you and let you comment on them." She walked across the room and picked up a black folder, opened it and rifled through the papers inside. "Tiffany, did you write this:

"...in my soul i wish to be taken and pierced in other places without my consent, against my will...a nose ring, lip ring, nipples and pussy lips, aiiiiiiiiiiiiii...i am so close right now, i could easily cum if i tried!! so close...Sir, do you chat? this is going so fast my brain and pussy are spinning!..."

I smiled, I remembered it from quite early on, before our first chat. Back before I'd even decided if I believed Tiff2004 was really a woman or a man trolling. She did have a way with words.

"Well?"

"Yes, Mistress, I did write that."

"There are so many more. Where to begin? 

"...Kaitee can order me to dress totally sexi and slutty, which is the exact opposite of how i usually dress..." Kaitee turned to Tiffany. "How could you write that? You always dressed like a party girl when we went out. You were the center of attention, always showing skin to the white boys, flirting like a whore, taking their drinks and smiling at them. And then, this...

"...maybe black leather, hotpants, throw away all my bras, aiiiiiii! And last night, Sir, I was talking with an online friend who is so totally sexi hot. i was thinking of being collared and leashed, forced into very high heels and being led nude with her into a public setting. i know this is impossible but it is my fantasy...

"Is that still your fantasy, little whore?"

Tiffany sniffled and shook her head. "No, Mistress, not any longer, Mistress. I wish only to be respectable now. I want to be whatever you want me to be, Mistress." I smiled at Kaitee. We both knew she was trying to regain some sense of control over the situation but failing.

"Enough with the 'Mistress' pretense, Tiffany. You will address me as 'Ma'am' from now on."

"Yes, Ma'am," she parroted.

"...i found some things on the Internet about rope harness and i could be forced to wear this under my clothes at school and the same goes for collar. i love the idea of her changing my walk as though my ankles are chained with 12 inches of steel and so my step is shorted. I have to walk one foot directly in front of the other, which is a really slow sexi model walk. that is so different from the way i walk now, which is kinda just typical. i could be plugged with these chinese jade of metal balls that bang inside my pussy and aiiiiiiiii, this makes me so hot I am juicing! i could be denied my cum until i end up begging for release, that step of begging is the breaking point of my otherwise conservative, obedient daughter personality..."

Kaitee stepped closer and leaned into her face. "Your 'obedient daughter personality'. Interesting."She paused. "When was the last time your parents saw you, Tiffany?"

"It has been weeks, Mist...Ma'am."

Kaitee dropped the papers on the floor and abruptly slid her hand up between Tiffany's thighs. When her fingertip reached her clit, Tiffany's eyes closed and she moaned. I watched Kaitee massage her gently until Tiffany's legs started to shake and her breath quicken.

"Are you going to cum for me, dear?"

Tiffany nodded, her head shaking quickly up and down. Kaitee turned to me and said "give me her cell phone." I opened her purse and took it out, handed it over. Tiffany watched, moaning and squirming in her seat as Kaitee pressed the buttons. She grabbed the arms of the chair and squeezed tight as her body got closer and closer to orgasm.

Kaitee handed the phone to Tiffany. "Tell your mother you want to visit her tomorrow," Kaitee said. 

"Mistress, please, it is the...the middle...of the night, she'll want to...know why...I...am cal...calling so late," she managed to say, her arousal fogging her mind. I saw Kaitee's hand moving between Tiffany's thighs again and her other hand slid down the front of her dress, tugging at Tiffany's piercings.

"I can't, please, I...hello, m...moth...mother?" Tiffany's body was starting to shake now as Kaitee tugged harder at the barbells and rubbed quick, small circles around her clit. "No, mo...mother...I am...well but...mo...ther...may I come..."

"Yes, you may," Kaitee said with an evil grin. Tiffany dropped the phone and jerked back and forth in the chair, her hips shaking, gasping for breath as Kaitee expertly brought her to a series of three short but intense orgasms. Kaitee removed her hand and walked to the bathroom while Tiffany picked up the phone and tried to calm her mother down. "No, mother, no, everything is fine, I just dropped it, no, mother please don't worry, I am fine, I am fine." She did her best to come up with a reason for calling her mother at two in the morning, finally lied that she missed home and could she come by tomorrow afternoon. She hung her head forward on her chest and cried, her hands gripping her knees tightly.

Kaitee came back into the room with two glasses of ice water. She handed one to me and sipped from the other. "Well, that should do away with any conflict you have about being the 'conservative, obedient daughter'. What kind of daughter cums while her mother is on the telephone?" She took another drink of water than picked up the papers again.

"...instead of hoop earrings, they are hoops with a word like slut or whore inside the hoop. i am never allowed to hide them so our first stop next week is a hair salon where i get a do that is short maybe even goth or mohawk so i cannot hide them!!!!!!! i so wish i was at my place so i could cummmmmmmmmmmmm..."

"Tiffany, you are an imaginative little chang nyeon, aren't you? Oh, I'm sorry, that's right, you are trading your heritage to fuck black men, aren't you? I should perhaps just call you 'ho'?"

"No, no, that is not true, Ma'am, that is not true, he made me do those things with the padded pants and the cornrow do and the..." Tiffany sobbed as she tried to maintain some shred of her fleeting dignity. Kaitee let her cry herself out then started right back in again. She was a fucking master at this.

"...another idea from gor i thought of ... 'gor' again, Tiffany? ... on the way over...being auctioned. i totally juice to the idea of being naked and evaluated like an animal by buyers, talking about me, my good points and bad and what they think would improve me..."

"It was a fantasy, Ma'am, it was a fantasy."

Kaitee leaned closer, put her face close to Tiffany's. "A Korean lady never indulges a fantasy life, that is the husband's perogative and his fantasies are lived out on her. Isn't that how you were brought up? Your body is not your own, it is your husband's. So your fantasies should be his, not yours. You see, even in your mind, you have turned your back on your upbringing, you parents, your ancestors." Kaitee walked around Tiffany, touched the bare, deeply tanned skin of her shoulders. "Look what you have done to your body. Look how you have discolored yourself to attract African and Latin lovers. What will your parents think of your color?" Kaitee pulled back her hair and ran her finger along Tiffany's piercings. "What will they think of these?"

Tiffany panicked then, spun around and threw herself on the ground again, hugging Kaitee's ankles and begging her not to make her face her parents like this.

Kaitee took Tiffany's arm and led her to the kitchen table. There were three stacks of papers and a pen already set out there. Through tearful eyes, Tiffany signed without even asking what they were. Kaitee told her to go into the bathroom and clean up, then return naked and knelt in the bedroom at the foot of the bed. Tiffany went off and Kaitee stacked the papers then held out her hand. I shook it.

"She has just assigned the remainder of her savings to me. She has also signed a petition to withdraw from all classes. But, best of all, she signed a Power of Attorney that gives me the right to make any legal decisions on her behalf from now on."

I stood awed and a little afraid. "She has, in effect, signed her life over into your hands."

Kaitee just nodded. A chill went up my spine.

---
Kaitee waited in the kitchen for twenty minutes before she went into the bedroom, snacking and chatting with me about movies. It was a little eerie, how casually she took all of this. As if she'd done it before. She put the cheese tray back in the fridge and wiped her hands, led me into the bedroom.

Tiffany had knelt there the whole time, arms folded behind her back, eyes straight ahead. Kaitee smiled and said, "you see? I didn't even tell her to assume the position and she did. It is those books she read, she had an addiction to them. It's adolescent and immature." She turned to Tiffany. "But very useful. Isn't it, dear?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"I found the little dildo in the shower yesterday," Kaitee taunted. "Would you like it back?"

"N...no, Ma'am," Tiffany stammered. "I...I mean, yes, Ma'am, please I would like it back." I sensed immediately what was going on. Tiffany was frozen, worried that Kaitee would find out she was already holding a replacement inside her. Kaitee smiled. She and I both knew better.

"Well, if I give it to you, will you put it in?"

"I...no, Ma'am, please, may I not..." Tiffany managed. No doubt her mind was racing, trying to figure out what to say next.

"Do you have something to tell me, Tiffany?"

"I...am already wearing one, Ma'am."

"What do you mean 'wearing', Tiffany?" She was masterful. Making her say it would push Tiffany further down into her shame.

"I...already have a...dildo inside me, Ma'am."

"Where?"

"I already have a...dildo in my butt, Ma'am."

"In your ass."

"In my ass, Ma'am."

"That's better. Honesty. We must always be honest, Tiffany. Weren't you raised that way?"

"Yes, Ma'am, I was."

Satisfied, Kaitee told Tiffany to stand up. She did, her arms still behind her back.

"Tiffany, do you know why we are stretching you? Tiffany, are you still a virgin?"

"You know I am, Ma'am. I swore to my parents."

"But you are doing other things your parents would not approve of, aren't you?"

Tiffany hung her head and quietly said, "yes, Ma'am, I am."

"Tiffany, are you still a virgin?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"You have never had a penis inside you?"

Embarassed, Tiffany said softly, "no, Ma'am."

"And, your backside...?"

Tiffany hung her head lower and started to cry.

"And, your backside...?"

"It was only once, Ma'am..."

"How many men, dear?"

She sobbed freely now. "There were...three..." she became agitated now, her words flooding out. "It was only one time. It never happened again. I had no choice, I..."

Kaitee raised her finger to Tiffany's lips and she stopped talking. "It is all right, dear. You need to get used to it. The men you have chosen to sleep with will only want to use you that way. You know that, don't you? Unless they choose to breed you but that is a different subject. That is why we are using these graduated sizes to stretch you slowly. The men you are courting will have...excessively large equipment."

Tiffany squeezed her eyes shut, I watched her squirm as Kaitee's words sank in. Kaitee waited before she started talking again.

"Dear, you have made quite a bit of money using your body to service those lawyer friends of yours, haven't you?" Tiffany turned and looked at me but quickly turned her head back to face Kaitee. "Now, you are going to make some money for me. I have presold several pictures of you in sexy underthings. There are more over there," she pointed to a stack of boxes on a dresser. "You will model them for us, we will take photographs and send them to the man who runs the website. Oh, and one more thing, you will write a description for each one and we will post them together." She opened the top of her laptop and pressed the power button. "Now, we want descriptions that will make women want to buy the outfit and make men want to masturbate. You'll enjoy that, won't you? Knowing men are masturbating while looking at your body?"

Kaitee smiled. She knew it would be disturbing for someone with Tiffany's upbringing to write about her own body, but how much more it would bother her to imagine men masturbating to those pictures. She was right, Tiffany turned bright red from both shame and anger.

"I won't do it," she said.

"Tiffany," Kaitee said then paused. "Didn't we install Skype for your parents the last time we visited?" She turned the laptop keyboard toward her and pressed "Contacts". Tiffany heard the tones as it dialed her parents' home. She leaped for the keyboard, cancelled the call. She just stood with her head down, tears dripping on the keyboard.

The first outfit Tiffany put on was a tiny string bikini panty and a half-cup bra. Most of the fabric was skin-toned except for the half-cups of the bra and a stripe down the center panel of the panty. I knew from our chats that this was the first time her underwear showed this much flesh and she had a very difficult time keeping her hands from covering herself. For all her bravado, for all her teasing, she was very, very conservative underneath it all.

Kaitee made her parade around the room a few times, took several photos, then told her to stand at the desk and type a caption to post with the photos. She wrote: "The green bikini style emphasizes the slave gyrl of the harem.  Green is popular among arab sheiks, so this gyrl has been captured by slave traders and sent to the mideast. She thinks her life will be easy, but soon she will be collared and those conservative stud earrings replaced by more appropriate slave rings.  Notice her saucy look, a half grin which will be soon wiped off her face fosur!"

Kaitee read it, replaced the word "fosur" with "forever" and nodded.

"Not bad. You came up with an entire fantasy in just a few seconds. You're going to make someone a very, very good slave."

Tiffany turned and gave me a panicked look. It was the first time she'd seriously considered what her future might be. What did it mean though, "make someone a very, very good slave?" Was it possible that Kaitee would actually auction her off to some kind of kinky group?

"Put on the next outfit," Kaitee said. "And fix your makeup between shoots." Tiffany removed the tiny green outfit and opened the next box. It was a single piece of black fabric, very much like a one-piece swimsuit. The entire back was exposed except for a small thong-like strip and a waist band. The front was cut so the entire belly to the hairline was exposed, including more than half of each breast. A small silver chain held the two sides in place, just barely covering her nipples. Her small breasts fell out of the outfit twice as she walked back and forth across the room, learning how to hold herself in the suit. She checked her makeup, brightening the ruby red of her lips, then put on the show while Kaitee took photos.

She closed her eyes, thought for a minute, then wrote: "We have here an ensemble to please any Master. Goreans would approve that the slave's belly is completely exposed in the black strapped monokini.  Should you chose to pierce her navel, you can hang your initials and they will be evident and prominent. The relatively high thigh cut and ample crotch hint of a conservative master and a more mature slave, but should you prefer, a similar bikini could be purchased, assuming your slave has the breasts to accentuate.  How about a simple dog collar to round out this tasty treat?"

Kaitee read it, shook her head and read it again. She turned calmly and told Tiffany to put her hands behind her back. Tiffany obeyed and Kaitee slapped her across the face, back and forth, a total of six times. Tiffany's eyes watered and tears ran down her face. "You are not writing cute copy for Frederick's of Hollywood. You are helping me decide which outfit you will be wearing on the auction block. Please try to be more serious."

Tiffany trembled again, looked at me again, got no response again.

"Next outfit."

Tiffany wrote: "...aiiiiiiiii, this slave exudes sexiness!  She wears what appears to be an embroidered black bra, but the lacy skirt lingerie is enhanced with a white tie which can be quickly released.  Once again, notice the wristlet, but more hottly are the vinyl boots.  If she wishes to look hotter for her Master, she must wear thigh hi boots and large hoop earrings!!!..."

Kaitee nodded her approval, pointed at the next box. Tiffany changed more quickly this time and Kaitee took more than a dozen photographs.

"...You want nothing hidden, yet want to take your slave to the finest club and not get arrested, then try this strapless tight fitted spandex mini tube delight.  It really is nothing more than an extended tube top. Her nipple piercings and thigh tats will be evident, and though our model is wearing flat sandals, the choice is yours.  Sandals simply reveal more skin, but boots will draw wandering eyes to her naked crotch.  We have many colors, but as always, black is our best seller..."

I watched Tiffany as she leaned over the table typing. She was correct, the dress was little more than a glorified tube top. And, being a skin tight stretch material, she might as well have been naked. Even thought I'd told myself I was going to be professional through the whole thing, I couldn't take it anymore. My cock was trying to rip its way through my pants and my balls were aching.

"Do you want her to suck your cock?" Kaitee asked. Tiffany's head jerked upward and she stared at me. She was perfect, her lips bright red and glossy, hair straight and raven black, tanned skin begging to be touched.

I just nodded.

Tiffany got down on her knees in front of me and undid my pants. It felt strange. It was the first time she'd touched me and the electricity shot through me. I hadn't really considered doing this, I was a hired gun training a submissive, a storyteller gathering material. But tonight, I was a guy with a hard dick and a warm mouth wrapped around it.

Tiffany pushed her face forward and back, lips loose around my cock, her hands around my backside. I tried to push into her throat but she pulled away. I told her to tighten her lips, which she did for a few seconds, then relaxed again. Slowly, it dawned on me -- she was awful at this. The poor girl's idea of a blowjob was "let him masturbate against my mouth". She had no finesse, didn't really offer to do anything and looked just plain bored. I wondered why the lawyers were paying so much.

After another ten minutes or so, I just stepped away and said, "thanks but that's enough for now." When I told Kaitee about it later, she laughed and said she'd have to do something about that later.

"Change your clothes again," Kaitee told her. Tiffany opened the next box, put on the outfit, paraded for the camera, then wrote: "...The heels accentuate her lovely thighs and make the brown laced cheeky the appropriate panty style for this slave.  Notice how she thrusts out her breasts, as though offering them to her master to be whipped..."

"Enough," I said. While I enjoyed watching Kaitee put Tiffany through her paces, we had at least three more things on our agenda for today and I was getting nervous we'd run out of time. Kaitee gave me a dirty look but softened when I pointed at my watch.

"Tiffany, you have some housecleaning to do," Kaitee said.

"May I put my clothes back on?" Tiffany was more-than-naked in the thin lace bra and cheeky panty. Kaitee smiled and shook her head. "No, no point. You have a visitor coming in twenty minutes and he might as well see you in this as any other whore outfit I might put you in." Tiffany gave me a panicked, pleading look but I shrugged my shoulders. Kaitee was running the show now.

"You'll find a plastic trash bag in each of your three clothes drawers. Pack every article of clothing into those bags, tie them and put them by the front door."

"Wha...? You can't be serious," Tiffany protested.

Kaitee ignored her, walked to the closet and pushed aside the curtain. "When you're done, do the same for all of these clothes." She stepped to her side of the room and took a handful of hangars out of her closet. "Replace them with these." I stared and shook my head in surprise. Each hangar held what could only generously be called a dress. One was different though, it had a light grey pantsuit. I wondered what that was about and luckily only had to wait until later that same night.

"Kaitee, I can't go to class like this, I can't go to work like this, I..." Tiffany stopped talking as soon as Kaitee left the room. Over her shoulder, she called "you have eighteen minutes. Don't waste time."

Tiffany ran across the small room and knelt in front of me. "Sir, you gave me to her, you can take me back. Please, I cannot do what she is asking. This was not what I had in mind, I am not a slave, I was playing. I was flirting, I wanted to feel it for a few weeks then go back to my real life. Please, Sir, please."

I looked at her there on the floor, tears streaming down her cheek, nearly naked except for the beige lingerie that stood out in rich contrast to her deeply tanned skin. I believed her. I believed she thought this was a game, even through the glory holes and the pole dancing. But now she couldn't avoid it any longer -- this was real. Brutally real. She said she wanted to live the life of a slave, she said she felt a kind of inherited submissiveness that came with being a Korean woman, she came time after time reading stories and chatting online, the fantasies always about submission, humiliation, degradation. Now, the pictures were taken, the papers were signed and she was about to enter a life of complete servitude. In just a few weeks she'd gone from cocky, flirtatious grad student to a completely submissive sex toy.

If she wasn't such a lame cocksucker, I would have let her blow me right there. I shook my head at the thought, even *my* language was getting cruder. Was Kaitee affecting me as well, bringing out something deep inside&nbsp; that I wasn't really aware of?

"I am completely powerless here, Tiffany." I saw the shocked look in her eyes. "Completely."

"But, I thought you were having Tiffany help you with your games..." she stammered.

"No. It was never like that." I crouched down until we were eye-to-eye. I wanted to watch her as I spilled the rest of the story. "Kaitee orchestrated everything. She knew every step of the way. She prepped the girls at the tanning booth. She knew the woman at the glory hole bookstore. She chose the piercings and the tattoos. Kaitee has owned you for several weeks now, you are just only now finding that out." Tiffany shook her head through the entire talk. "I know she's been putting some kind of hormone in your water bottles too, the ones you take to class and the ones you drink at the gym." "Why?" "I have no idea. She never told me. She finds you interesting, Tiffany. But I doubt she'll keep you. She already has an Internet auction lined up and the bids for you, based only on your photos pictures -- and not even nude ones -- are already up in the tens of thousands of dollar."

"David, Sir, Master, please, please, this is wrong, this is illegal, sick, twisted..." she crept backward slowly on her knees, shaking her head and wringing her hands.

"Do you know what you signed earlier?" She shook her head. "You gave Kaitee complete control of all of your bank and credit accounts, your course registrations, and . . . more." I left it at that even while she kept begging. "You only have fifteen minutes until Curtis arrives. I suggest you clean out your drawers."

"Curtis?" she asked, half dazed. "Sir, it is nearly two o'clock in the morning."

"Just clean your room, Tiffany. Be a good girl." I got up and walked out, pulling the door closed behind me.

---
From two o'clock until four-thirty, Tiffany serviced a steady stream of men in her dorm room. I was banned from the room but Kaitee provided a cam and I watched everything calmly from one of her friend's rooms down the hall. 

During that time, I counted a total of eleven men. In order, two blacks, one white, two Mexicans, one Asian, two Indians, another black man, then two more Mexicans. I was fascinated by Kaitee's presentation. For the two lone white and Asian men, she had Tiffany stand with her feet together, one of her three-inch heels flexed slightly outward, her makeup perfectly refreshed, hands in front of her, crossed casually to cover her crotch. She had soft-jazz playing in the background and left the room respectfully as Tiffany dropped to her knees and unzipped their pants.

It was completely different with the others. Kaitee left Tiffany's hair disheveled from the man before, her lipstick smeared, smears of cum on her neck and chin. She had Tiffany lay on her back on the bed, her head bent over the edge of the mattress, mouth open and inviting. She changed the music to the latest throbbing-bass channel she could find and stayed in the room, encouraging the men to push deeper and deeper into Tiffany's defenseless throat. Of the nine of them, only five really got into it, pushing deep and holding themselves in her throat until I worried she would pass out. When they finished, Kaitee made her use her hands and mouth to clean them before pulling up their pants and thanking them.

The worst part of it all for Tiffany was watching Kaitee say goodbye to them. She gave each of them a card with her telephone number and said, "if you liked it, tell your friends. We're setting up shop soon, just a little off campus."

When the last man left, Kaitee had Tiffany walk the bags loaded with her old clothes out to the dumpster, then told her to get some sleep. We had a long day ahead of us tomorrow.










Tiffany Completes Her Training and Is Auctioned
CHAPTER TWO

** Kaitee continues to turns it up. Tiffany is forced to cum during class, gets more piercings, masturbates in her parents' house, and gets injections to transform her into a Big Booty girl. **


I slept in Kaitee's bed that night. Kaitee snuggled with Tiffany just a few feet away. I wondered what effect that was having on Tiffany but I knew Kaitee had considered that too. She was like an exquisite conductor, orchestrating nearly every detail of Tiffany's entire transformation. She gave me free rein with "how" I broke Tiffany down, but the framework was all hers. She left some things open to chance (the number of people at the bar on any given night, Carson and Manny's tattoo skill, other people's response to Tiffany's changes) but ultimately, she was always, always in control. 

Tiffany didn't sleep well, I heard her moving and moaning, probably reliving the last few days, her subconscious trying to come to terms with what she was facing. 

The alarm rang at eight o'clock. Kaitee raised her head and saw that Tiffany was still sound asleep, exhausted from the weekend and her own nightmares.

"Wake up, you have to get to class."

Tiffany opened her eyes slowly, saw me on the other bed, then went stiff as she slowly woke to the first day of her new reality.

"Come on, honey. It's Monday morning. You go get me some coffee then we'll choose your school clothes." She smacked Tiffany's bottom and pushed her to the edge of the bed. "Put on my robe and go buy me my coffee."

Tiffany stared at her dumbly, still half asleep. "I can't go out like this." Kaitee just shook her head. "Hurry, class is at ten." Tiffany stumbled to her feet, wrapped the robe around her and tied it tight at the waist. She reached for her wallet but Kaitee stopped her.

"Don't bother, your cards won't work. All of your accounts have been cancelled. Here," she reached into a drawer, "here's ten dollars. Get something for him too."

"Just black coffee," I said.

Tiffany ran her fingers through her hair, shook it, ran them through again. Her hair was matted in places and small flakes of something dry and crusty flecked off as she moved.

"Go on," Kaitee barked. Tiffany ran out the door. She came back with two cups of coffee and a dazed look on her face. "They..." Kaitee held up her hand, told her to shower and get back quickly. 

Tiffany came back from the shower crying. The other girls had stared shocked at her piercings and tattoos. This hallway was mostly Asian girls, quiet girls from upper class homes. They didn't even have to say anything to shame her, their looks were enough.

Kaitee ignored her and had her put on her hooker makeup from Saturday night. She handed her the small sized dildo and Tiffany slid it easily into her ass. Kaitee shook her head and said "give it back". Kaitee handed her the next size up. "Always strive to better yourself, dear. Always." Tiffany had to work to get the bigger one in but she managed.

"Well, now, time for her shibari underclothes, don't you think?" Tiffany stood still, puzzled. 

My turn.

I'd taken an introductory class in rope bondage for a story I was working on and found I had a knack for it. I'd progressed three levels up the ladder, more than enough for anything I'd ever need to do. Kaitee showed me a photograph she wanted me to emulate and I nodded. She held it in front of Tiffany while I went into the closet for the bag with the ropes. Tiffany stood still as I worked yard after yard of rope around her body, over her shoulders, behind her neck and between her legs.

I favored a karada type of harness but Kaitee wanted something with more hishi, she felt the more rope underneath Tiffany's dress the better. I didn't object - she was paying the bills.

When I was finished, Kaitee looked at her and shook her head. "No, she must be bound to the knees." I looked at her puzzled. How could I do that with the short skirts she was having Tiffany wear? There was no subtlety in that and I knew Kaitee was not interested in anything crude. I stood for a minute but Kaitee said, "go on" and I did.

When I was finished, Kaitee surprised me. She went into her own closet and brought out a plaid, pleated schoolgirl dress and a white button-down women's shirt. She helped Tiffany into it and then had her put on white knee-high socks and two-inch heeled shoes.

The Little School Girl look. I was surprised but not shocked. Kaitee seemed capable of anything.

"Not complete yet," Kaitee said. She produced a rather large version of the remote-controlled vibrators that had become so popular in the last few years. Most of them were stitched into panties or work with elastic around the waist. This one was easily twice their size and had four straps hanging free. Kaitee had Tiffany raise her skirt. She pressed the device between the ropes I'd run down from her waist to her crotch, then used the straps to secure it in place.

When she pressed the ON button, Tiffany jerked. I could hear it three feet away, humming loudly. Tiffany's forehead showed a thin layer of sweat in just a few seconds and she came in less than a minute. Kaitee turned it OFF.

"She's always cum quickly, hasn't she?" I nodded. "Even online? Just chatting?" I nodded again. "All right, then." She turned to Tiffany. "It's time for you to leave for class." She looked at the clock. "Chemistry, correct?"

Tiffany gave me a terrified look, begging me to do something -- she couldn't go to class like this. I got up and opened the door for her. Yes she could.

"Is this your homework?" Kaitee asked, holding up an eight page research paper.

"Yes, it's due today. It took me nearly three weeks to..." Tiffany stopped talking and gasped, staring wide-eyed as Kaitee tore it to shreds and dropped it in the garbage can.

"I guess it's going to be late. Come on." Kaitee walked to the door.

Tiffany started to take a step but realized that, because the ropes ran so far down her legs, she couldn't move her feet more than a few inches forward.

"Oh, no, Kaitee, no, please, I didn't know..." Tiffany cried.

"Why did you think I am having you leave so early for your class?" Kaitee said, picking up her notebook and walking down the hallway. "Come on, we don't want to be late."

---
Class was difficult to say the least. Kaitee introduced me as a student from Chicago and asked if I could stay for the lecture, the professor was more than gracious. 

Tiffany was completely unprepared for the class. She had not done any of the work over the weekend because we'd kept her too busy. She botched two simple questions the professor lobbed to her. Her lab partner kept turning her head and looking her up and down with disgust. She was a big, blond girl from Iowa whose virginity was even more safely intact then Tiffany's. They'd talked earlier in the semester about their quiet, conservative upbringings and how it made them feel safer. Saner. Maybe even protected somehow. Now, Tiffany revealed herself as something else and the girl was hurt and angry.

Kaitee sat four rows back and waited patiently for the right opportunity. It came halfway through class. The professor asked for two volunteers to come to the front and work on a project with him. Tiffany's partner raised her hand eagerly and he told them both to come up. Kaitee flicked the ON button as soon as Tiffany got out of her seat. She jerked and grabbed the edge of her desk but regained her composure and walked slowly to the front. Everyone stared, she felt every eye boring into her. It took forever for her to walk to the board. When she stopped walking, the full impact of the vibrator hit her. The professor and most of the students in the first two rows heard it but nobody said anything. He wrote something on the board and handed each of them a beaker. I watched Tiffany as she became more and more aroused. She shifted her weight from foot to foot, bit her lip, stared toward the ceiling. It was pointless, the relentless machine was doing its job. The professor turned and started pouring a chemical into Tiffany's beaker just as Kaitee turned the speed from medium to high. Tiffany gasped and shook, breathed deep and came in front of the entire class. She dropped the beaker and hobbled from the room, crying and trying to hide her face.

---
Kaitee left the vibrator off all through English class, which might have been even worse. Tiffany's anticipation level was high, she was terrified she'd hear that hum at any second. I watched her turn her head every few minutes to check what Kaitee had in her hand. When she wasn't looking, she was staring at the teacher, her face twitchy and her eyes unfocused.

When class was over, I led Tiffany toward one of the campus coffee shops. Kaitee had outlined for me exactly what path to take and how fast to go. I checked my watch. Everything was on schedule. When we turned the corner past one of the dorms, Tiffany stopped. Kaitee was sitting on a bench talking with Curtis, the big, black jock who'd been the first in line last night at the dorm. He looked up and a big smile spread across his face. I nudged her and we walked over. Curtis put his arm around Tiffany's waist and we kept walking until we got to the Campus Brew.

"Oh, look who's here," Kaitee said, tilting her head toward three Asian girls from their dorm. I chuckled. Nothing was a coincidence, she had to have planned this too.

We went inside and Kaitee started chatting with them. Tiffany looked like she wanted to shrivel up and vanish, she looked from her "date" to the other girls to me to Kaitee. She felt more shame with every look. Kaitee invited the girls to sit with them but they looked at Tiffany and sneered, "no, we'd rather sit alone."

As they walked away, she heard them whispering to each other about her. They sat at a table and kept staring while Kaitee ordered our coffee. Curtis let his hands slide up and down Tiffany's body, cupping her butt and stroking her neck and shoulders. Against her will, her body responded, I watched her hips moving side to side and felt sorry for her.

Kaitee chatted with me while we waited for our coffee. She looked at her watch then nodded to Curtis. He walked away, headed into the men's room. Kaitee told me to watch the door. 

In less than a minute, a pair of students from Chile walked in and looked around. They saw Tiffany and called her name across the room. Tiffany froze, she didn't recognize them at all, they weren't part of last night's lineup. They chattered at her in Spanish as they came closer. They were loud and all heads in the place turned to follow them. 

The first one wrapped his arms around Tiffany and gave her an open-mouthed kiss. Tiffany put her arms around him, watching Kaitee over his shoulder, fearful of displeasing her. He slurped at her for a full minute before he stepped back and wiped his mouth. Tiffany saw the three girls were staring at her and started to tear up. I was just as shocked as anyone when the other man pulled her to him and did the same thing. Tiffany's body started slumping, she felt the defeat all the way down to her bones. Kaitee, for her part, walked slowly to the table and leaned her head forward, started talking with the three women, all of them shaking their heads and tongue clucking. As a final closing flourish, the man who was kissing her slid her skirt up her leg, showing a few turns of the rope to anyone who happened to be looking.

He finally finished with her and the two of them walked away, just as Curtis was returning from the men's room. He grabbed her ass again, pulling her close and started kissing her deep. He stayed longer than the other two, his hands roaming freely up and down her sides, kneading her ass hard. Her body responded instinctively and she rubbed one of her thighs against his leg. It only lasted for second before she caught herself. She felt so degraded, she knew what the others were thinking. They'd seen her with three different men in just ten minutes. Letting them touch her, fondle her, kiss her. And in public! 

Curtis took his coffee and walked out of the cafe. Kaitee and I continued talking about nothing in particular while Tiffany stood, squirming uncomfortably while she waited for her drink. The Asian girl behind the counter stared at her rudely, taking her time making the iced coffee. One of the three girls from the table walked over and whispered something in her ear. Tiffany only caught one word "mudpuppy". The barista looked Tiffany up and down then sneered and reached for the bottle of chocolate syrup. She poured and stirred chocolate into the glass until the milk turned a rich, dark brown.

"Your friend said make it a mocha," the girl said with a condescending edge. When Tiffany reached for the drink, the girl made a quick motion and spilled it all over Tiffany's white top and schoolgirl skirt. Without a word, the girl turned and walked away, letting the milk drip over the edge of the counter and onto Tiffany's shoes.

To her credit, Tiffany didn't cry that time. She went into the ladies' room and came back with a handful of paper towel. The ropes made it impossible for her to bend over, so she had to turn and squat to drop to her knees. As she leaned forward, her skirt slid up her legs and the three saw the ropes underneath. One of them giggled and pointed. Tiffany turned red then and the tears started. She knew how the women's network worked, she knew that they would spread the word. In a matter of hours -- minutes maybe -- everyone on campus would know. About the ropes. About Curtis. About the other two men. About "mudpuppy". Her life at school was over.

---
I watched Tiffany look at herself in the mirror. It was amazing, even after all of this, you could see the self-absorbed gleam in her eye. The narcissistic self-adoration. She raised her hand and gently pulled back her hair, looking at the three piercings and the hoop, all permanently installed, all exciting violations of her upbringing. She ran a finger lightly over the piercings and I saw her body shudder. She was turning herself on, teasing herself. Even in the depths of her depravity, she was finding arousal.

Kaitee had her pull on one of the tiny tube dresses and took her back to Carson's. Manny was there and soon Tiffany had two boldly colored dragon tattoos, one on the back of each calf. Tiffany felt herself dropping another rung on the ladder into hell. She could never again wear anything around her parents that showed her legs. Which meant she had to buy a long skirt before she went to visit them tonight.

Manny also added to Tiffany's nipple piercings. He told Kaitee he'd been thinking about Tiffany a lot and wanted to try a double piercing. It sounded impossible, but then he showed us his. The barbell was close to the base and a ring had been added closer to the tip of the nipple. "Hers is far enough back that we could do the same thing. If you like." 

Kaitee agreed and Tiffany obediently submitted. I watched her closely. Her body didn't slump, her shoulder didn't sag, she didn't react at all. Kaitee had warned me to watch for this, she said it might be a sign that Tiffany was slipping into depression. The lack of response could be read either as submission and acceptance or as a danger sign.

"Tiffany," Kaitee said. Tiffany turned her head but just slightly. "We are going to add a nose ring tonight." Tiffany raised her head slightly, started pleading again. Kaitee was satisfied. Tiffany's mind was still intact, there was still a small coal of hope and self-respect underneath her compliant exterior. Kaitee nodded to Manny and he went ahead with the two piercings. It was over with quickly and Manny heat-treated them to make sure they couldn't be removed.

Manny took a set of photographs to decorate his wall then we let Tiffany get dressed again.

"We have a couple of hours before we have to be to your parents. Let's make the best of it."

Kaitee drove to the strip on Hollywood where we'd met Keesha and her pimp. Kaitee had known the pimp from some research she'd done two semesters ago and it was easy to set them up the other night. Now that I knew they weren't strangers, I was a little pissed off that his guy had punched me. Kaitee explained it away as necessary theater to convince Tiffany she was in danger. Bullshit, but so it goes.

Kaitee told Keesha that Tiffany needed to learn to suck cock like a pro. Tiffany sat in the backseat of the car, paralyzed with fear and humiliation that she was being talked about like that. Keesha accepted two hundred dollars from Kaitee and motioned for Tiffany to get out of the car. Keesha asked me if I wanted to be the guinea pig and I nearly laughed out loud. "Fuck yeah," was all I could manage.

For the next hour, Keesha and Tiffany took turns with me and one of the pimp's men. She had Tiffany lick his shaft, tongue his sack and suck his balls. On my considerably smaller cock, she taught Tiffany how to deep throat, clamping her lips tight around the base of my cock and swallowing so I could feel the muscles contract. She had Tiffany give us both hummers and finally tried to get her to swallow all of the other man's cum but ended up nearly choking her. He must have shot out half a gallon and it backflushed through her nose and shot out between her lips and his cock.

"Well, she ain't completely hopeless," Keesha said to Kaitee when we returned. "But she's gonna need a *lot* of practice. You wanna bring her down here tomorrow? I'll put her to work."

"No,&nbsp; Keesh, but thanks." Kaitee handed her another fifty and paid the man a hundred. "For helping."
---
We went back to the dorm so Tiffany could change her clothes. Kaitee took the gray pantsuit out of the closet, held it up in front of Tiffany. It was expertly tailored, Kaitee knew her exact measurements and had spared no expense. The most exciting aspect of it was that Tiffany had never worn one before. Kaitee explained that it was another cultural thing: men wore pants, women wore skirts. Or more precisely, women wore dresses. Even skirts were suspect. Kaitee told her to get dressed, the pants would hide her new tattoos from her parents.

"But, Ma'am, I cannot go to my family wearing pants. I..."

Kaitee held up her hand. "I am growing quite tired of you trying to figure out what you can and cannot do. Be dressed and made up in ten minutes." She walked out of the room. Tiffany turned to me, tears in her eyes. "My parents will not..." I got up and walked out, looked up and down the hall for Kaitee.

Kaitee was down the hall, standing at the bottom of the stairs. As I got closer, I could hear that she and the two girls were talking about Tiffany. It was all gossip and Kaitee was doing her best to fan it. Tiffany had been seen downtown on the streets. Tiffany was already married to one of the black men on campus, he was the one who forced her to get the tattoos. Tiffany snuck into the men's locker room after the last Big Game and gangbanged the whole football team. Kaitee validated any wild notion they came up with and added some of her own. When I was just a few feet away, the girls quieted down and lowered their heads. Kaitee looked at me and smiled. I shook my head. I guess this was girl-talk.

---
What happened during the visit with Tiffany's parents was the most intense thing I'd ever seen happen in real life. Even now, I sometimes wonder whether or not Kaitee went too far.

On the way to Tiffany's parents' house, we stopped and picked up Curtis. Tiffany was terrified. If Kaitee even hinted that they were connected, her parents would throw them all out. Kaitee didn't say a word to Tiffany, just made small talk with me and Curtis.

When we arrived at their house, Tiffany made one more weak plea to be allowed to change into a dress before going in. Kaitee ignored her and parked the car. She looked beautiful, her long hair combed and shining, covering her ears and hanging down on her back, the bottom cut in a perfectly straight line as always. Kaitee -- always planning and always prepared -- had brought a short length of chain with hooks on each end and used them to pull Tiffany's slut-hoop earrings back far enough that the hair hid them reasonably well. As long as she didn't shake her head vigorously, she might be able to pull it off.

Her makeup wasn't the slut style she'd worn to class but demure, professional. There were no visible signs anywhere that anything had changed. She was wearing nothing but a tiny lacy bra underneath the pantsuit and she had a rubber shaft firmly lodged up her ass, but none of that could be seen. Nobody knew but us.

Tiffany had a key but knocked. It was the polite thing to do and she was a good girl. The maid opened the door and stared her up and down, intense disapproval on her face. She led us in and we followed her into the large front room. 

"My daughter," her mother said in a polite, reserved voice. "Come and kiss me."

Tiffany felt, rather than saw, her mother's anger. She was fuming underneath her calm exterior. Tiffany may as well have been naked as wearing a pantsuit. She walked to her mother and gave her a perfunctory kiss on the cheek.

"You bring disgrace to our home," her mother said softly, then turned and walked out of the room. Tiffany sniffled, her eyes tearing up but her resistance strong. She'd taken abuse from them her whole life and her defenses were powerful.

We heard her mother talking in the other room, then her father came in holding her hand. Her father was an imposing man. He wasn't tall -- under five feet -- but he exuded the confident power of a CEO, maybe a king. His clothes were impeccable, he could have been giving a speech to the U.N. He shook hands politely with Curtis and me, gave Kaitee a small hug. Then, he stood in front of Tiffany and stared at her for several minutes. Tiffany hung her head, stared at his shoes. I tried to stand still but felt my feet shuffling.

Finally, he asked, "will you be having dinner with us?" Tiffany nodded, "yes, Sir." I saw his eyes shift slightly, looking at the side of her head now. He reached out slowly and pushed her hair aside with his fingertip. I caught a glint of gold hoop before he slowly pulled his hand back. Tiffany's eyes were brimming with tears, her lip trembling.

He turned and walked quickly out of the room, calling coldly over his shoulder, "we're glad to have your friends visit."

I shivered. Not "you and your friends". "Your friends". Politely. 

This was by far the most devastating family put-down I'd ever seen. And nearly nothing had been said. I'd been around family fights before, I'd seen families yell and scream and throw things. My first wife shot at me once. They didn't compare to this. 

I looked at Tiffany. She was destroyed. All she'd done was come into the house in a pantsuit and they were ready to disown her. For the first time, I understood how powerful the threat of my sending them those photos must have been for her.

Kaitee was unaffected. I wondered what her home life was like.

"Where is the study?" she asked. Tiffany led her through another huge room and down a hallway. Her father was in the library, looking for something on one of the shelves. The study was directly across the hall, though the doors were offset a few feet.

What Kaitee did then has stuck with me to this very day. It was well past dangerous and into stupid, reckless behavior. It was the first time I wondered if Kaitee was really as in control as she appeared to be. Was she unstable? Was I aiding and abetting a psychopath?

"Open your mail." Tiffany complied.

"Open the one I sent you this morning. Click the link." Tiffany clicked the link and a movie player launched. She was watching a Korean girl do a striptease. She was dressed in a short leather dress and halter, a garter belt and stocking and a lot of jewelry. She was on stage in front of two dozen or more howling, drunk Chinese businessmen.

"Chinese don't think much of us, do they?" Kaitee asked. Tiffany shook her head. "They think she's a whore, a slut." I looked it up later -- racial prejudice wasn't confined to the white-black situation in the U.S. The Chinese had always looked down on the Koreans and the video reflected that stereotype.

Kaitee leaned closer to Tiffany how and whispered. "But it turns you on, doesn't it? Just like when Curtis uses you? And the others?" Tiffany moaned softly and nodded her head. Kaitee reached underneath her hair and undid the chain. Her big hoop earrings dropped into place. Tiffany trembled. "This is scary, Ma'am."

"Yes," said Kaitee. She looked at the door. It was open about six inches, the door to the library was open wide. Kaitee pushed the door open a few inches further than came back and stood beside Tiffany.

"Drop your pants."

Tiffany froze and shook her head. "No. No, there is no way I could ever do that." She was right, Kaitee was insane. This was her father's study and her parents were in the same house. Her father was right across the hall. And they'd made it very clear to all of us that we were not particularly welcome. No doubt they considered us the 'bad influence' who got their Tiffany into a pantsuit in the first place.

"Drop your pants," Kaitee repeated.

Tiffany shook her head. "No, no, this has gone far enough. He'll hear us, it will all be over." She wasn't crying or scared this time, she was angry, adamant. This was the end of the game.

"Drop your pants," Kaitee repeated again.

Tiffany stared at her. "You are insane. They will disown me, they will cut off my tuition, my allowance, Kaitee, I will do anything else, I promise you, I will do anything you ask, forever, for the rest of my life, just do not make me do this."

Kaitee shook her head slowly from side to side and ran her finger along the edge of the desk. "I am sorry. I underestimated you. I took you at your word. You said you would be my slave. You *wanted* to be my slave." She held out her hand to me. I reached into my pocket and took out the envelope with the photographs and the forged letter to her parents.

Tiffany began to tremble. "Kaitee, this is my life, these are my parents. I grew up in this house, you played here with me..." she began to cry, her words starting to break up. She turned to me. "David, please, you can stop this, you can..." she leaned forward, her face in her hands, sobs shaking her body.

"Shall I show these to your mother or your father first?" Kaitee asked. Tiffany was silent. "Your father's closer. He's right across the hall..." she took half a step toward the hall when I saw Tiffany straighten up and unzip her pants. Her body was shaking, her fingers barely working as she fumbled at the button. When she undid it, the pants slid silently down her long, tanned legs and pooled around her ankles.

"On your knees," Kaitee said. Tiffany obeyed immediately.

"Spread them." She did.

"Cum."

"Oh, god, no..." Tiffany moaned but her hand went to her crotch and she began rubbing herself. She focused on the girl's body on the screen, touching herself in front of a roomful of fat-faced businessmen, drunk and stupid, yelling things at her while she humiliated and degraded herself for them. After a while, they started to climb up on the stage and took her, two at a time, one at either end while her body hung limp over a table. I could tell Tiffany was seeing herself in the scene, she'd talked about it often enough.

She came with a little "eeek!" sound. Kaitee said, "good girl." Tiffany started to stand but Kaitee put her hand on her shoulder and pushed her gently back to her knees.

"Now, suck Curtis."

"Ma'am, Kaitee, please, please, not this, please..." Curtis was already unzipping his pants and smiling. Kaitee walked around behind Tiffany and pulled her hand back. "We don't want your hair getting in the way, do we?" Tiffany reached for his cock and guided it between her lips. I watched as she moved her head back and forth, turning side to side, more aggressive than I'd ever seen her. It seemed Keesha's lessons had had an effect. Her fingernails stroked his sack and she took as much of him into her throat as she could. She started quietly but as she sped up, the slurping noises got louder. A thin thread of saliva hung from her chin and dripped onto the expensive carpet. Tiffany reached behind Curtis, took his powerful thighs in her hands and buried his cock to the hilt in her throat. I heard her start humming and saw him lean back and moan "fffffuck!" 

After more than a minute, Tiffany jerked her head back and gasped for air. Then, she rammed him home again, humming while he grunted and bucked his hips against her face. She held him more than two minutes this time, pulled back and gulped air, the mashed her face into his crotch again.

That was when I saw her father.

I had no idea how long he'd been standing there, I have no idea to this day. But I knew what he was seeing. Tiffany on her knees in his study, naked from the waist down, her friend holding back her hair, her ears pierced, her thighs tattooed, her face buried in the crotch of a black man whose cock she was eagerly swallowing.

Curtis went rigid and grabbed Tiffany's head, unloading his cum deep in her throat and moaning. He started jerking, making sure she took every last drop of his load. Her arms went up and started flailing, she needed to breathe but Curtis needed her mouth more and held her tight to him. He jerked and twitched for another fifteen seconds or so before he pulled himself out of her. She gasped and fell forward against his thighs, gulping air and shaking.

I looked up. Her father was gone.

Tiffany and Curtis did their best to adjust their clothes, Kaitee put Tiffany's hair back in place. Tiffany's mother called from the end of the hall that dinner was ready. It was the most uncomfortable meal I can remember. Her father knew I'd seen him. I didn't know if Kaitee had. I was sure neither Curtis nor Tiffany had any idea.

After we ate, Tiffany's father waited until her mother started carrying plates from the table to the kitchen. While she was out of the room, he looked at her and said, "your mother and I will not have time to entertain your friends." He got up and walked out of the room. 

Tiffany got up slowly and stood behind her chair. "We...can go now," she said.

---
"You're wondering about the hormones, aren't you?" Kaitee asked. Tiffany was staring at the bottle of water she'd just finished. She nodded. I was wondering too. "Well, today's the day you find out." 

Nobody had spoken a word about the visit to her parents' place, it was as though it had never happened. I wanted to know if her father was going to say anything, what were the repercussion, had he told her mother? I never did get details.

Kaitee reached out her hand and Tiffany gave her the bottle. She tilted it up, looked at the contents. "You've been drinking this for nearly six weeks now. It's been pretty thoroughly absorbed into your system." Kaitee's cell phone beeped and she opened it. I watched as she texted an answer back and put it into her purse. She looked at her watch. It was eight o'clock. "They're ready. We'll get this over with then you can come back here and get some sleep."

Kaitee drove us across town to a four-story office building. She parked in the underground lot and we took the elevator to the third floor. We went into a fairly unassuming office and a nurse took us into an examining room. She handed Tiffany some forms. "We'll need authorization before we can do the procedure." Kaitee intercepted the forms. She handed the nurse an envelope. "Really?" the nurse asked. Kaitee nodded. "Yes, a fully valid Power of Attorney. My signature is all you need."

Tiffany looked at Kaitee, stunned and confused. The nurse handed Tiffany a paper robe and told her to strip and put it on. When she left the room to get the doctor, Kaitee told Tiffany "you signed that the other night. I am fully empowered to make all legal decisions for you. Including medical decisions." "When...?" but then she remembered. It was Sunday night, just last night. Everything was happening so fast she couldn't keep track. Kaitee leaned closer and whispered, "I own you."

The doctor came in and gave Tiffany a perfunctory examination. He directed all of his comments to Kaitee, talking like Tiffany wasn't there. She felt like a child back in the doctor's office with her mother. The doctor put Tiffany on the examining table and gave her two shots in each of her butt cheeks and two in each of her breasts. Then, he told her to get dressed and left.

Kaitee had Tiffany drink two more bottles of the hormone-infused water before going to sleep. Tiffany was puzzled, told her she still didn't understand. Kaitee just said, "you will."

---
Kaitee woke me up at six-fifty so I could watch Tiffany's reaction when her alarm clock went off at seven. I sat by the side of the bed and sipped the tall mocha she brought me. We chatted and she showed me a picture of her boyfriend. It was the first time the subject had come up. He was a well-dressed, elegant looking Asian man -- I assumed Korean -- and he had his arm around her. It might have been a prom picture or some other event they attended together. Kaitee was in a bright green satin outfit that hugged every curve. She oozed sexuality in a way that made even Tiffany seem like a little girl. When she handed it to me, our fingers brushed and I nearly got a hardon.

The alarm clock went off and Tiffany rolled over. More precisely, she tried to roll over but found it difficult. She muttered her surprise and pivoted herself on her hip, letting her legs drop off the side of the bed. She tried to roll herself to a standing position but again couldn't. Kaitee reached for her, taking her by the elbows and helping her up. She walked Tiffany to the mirror then stood back so we could both watch her reaction.

"Oh my God, no! NO! I'm a freak!" she cried, grabbing her face in her hands and shaking her head. Kaitee took her wrists and pulled her hands down, forcing her to look at herself again. Her 34B sized breasts had swollen to double-D size and her 34 inch bottom was nearly 42 inches around. In the middle, her 25 inch waist hadn't changed a bit. "Is this permanent? How long will I look like this? Why did you do this? How did this happen?" The questions streamed out of her as she stood crying in front of the mirror. "I can't go to class, I can't let anyone see me, my parents will..."

Kaitee threw her a towel and said, "go take your shower."

Tiffany fell to her knees and begged Kaitee to let her stay in her room until this went away, it couldn't be permanent, could it? she cried. She looked in the mirror again, staring at the double piercings through her nipples, the new tattoos on her calves, the slut hoops hanging from her ears. The more she cried, the more I saw Kaitee's face harden.

"Are you finished? Go take your shower."

Tiffany surrendered and wrapped the towel around her as best she could.

Kaitee raised her hand in front of Tiffany. "By the way, before you go," Kaitee handed her the 2nd sized dildo, "put this in." Resigned, Tiffany stuck it in her mouth to get it wet then slid it into her backside, no longer even needing to work it in slowly. The muscles were relaxing and Kaitee told me it might be time for the next bigger size. Tiffany didn't respond. She stepped into a pair of rubber thongs and went down the hall to the shower, her big, wide ass swaying behind her and her tits swinging from side to side. 

The girls in the shower weren't silent at all this time. The word "mudpuppy" had made its way around campus and they used it freely. They asked her if the brown ones tasted like chocolate, they asked if she was going to be picking up the tab for her dates from now on. And the comments about her new body were even worse: they said she was a black ho wannabe, stuffing junk in her trunk just to attract the black boys and scare off the others. They walked around her, pointing and talking, commenting on the piercings and the tattoos on her calves. 

They used all the racist ideas and words they'd picked up from television. Did the black boys have bigger dicks? Did the Mexicans slap her around while they fucked her? Did she prefer tequila or fortys? Is it true that black men only fuck white and Asian girls up the ass? Did the Mexican food make her fart while she was getting fucked? From what she told us, it&nbsp; seemed they liked to put the word "fuck" in every sentence. What got to her worst though was that they were spreading the word that "mudpuppy" didn't fuck whites or Asians anymore. She washed as fast as she could but it wasn't fast enough, she was crushed and shaking by the time she got back to the room.

Kaitee didn't miss a beat. While Tiffany sobbed and begged, Kaitee calmly went around her, poking and prodding at her swollen flesh, measuring her with a tape, pulling on the nipple rings to see how they behaved with her new, bigger boobs. 

"What do you think of her lips?" Kaitee asked me, pulling Tiffany's mouth open and stretching them. "I think collagen injections. And permanent red, you've seen that before?"

"Only on movie stars and hookers," I said. Kaitee nodded. "Well said."

"I've already posted ads on the Internet of you with your new ass. You're becoming very popular. Most of the boys want to fuck you there, do you think you're ready?"

"No, no please, no, I'm not, it's sick, it's disgusting, I'm..." Kaitee held up her finger. "I didn't mean that type of 'ready'. I meant 'do you think your muscle has stretched enough?'."

Tiffany's shoulders slumped and she lowered her head.

"Evidently not." Kaitee went to the drawer and took out the next largest sized dildo. "Here, this is for today." Tiffany took it but her hands were shaking. This wasn't significantly bigger than the last one but it was longer and the flare at the bottom less pronounced. I saw her searching for words.

"This is going to slide out."

"Not if you keep yourself clenched. You need to learn to control that muscle," Kaitee replied. "Now, let's get you dressed. Class starts in fifteen minutes." Kaitee produced her outfit for the day. She handed me a photograph and I nodded. It was street hooker all the way. 

It started with a black corset and half-cup push-up bra, a black thong, then a cheetah print halter dress with cheap looking vinyl trim and a choker collar. The skirt would barely cover her bottom and if she bent over, nothing would be hidden. Kaitee also handed over a pair of fence net stockings and black leather boots knee-high boots. She threw a dozen cheap bracelets on top of the stack on top and a tube of high-gloss cherry red lipstick. Tiffany picked the pieces up and laid them out on the bed in order, started getting dressed. When she was dressed and the dildo was back in place, she headed straight for the door. Kaitee stopped her.

"No, dear. I want you to get a good look at yourself before you go outside."

Tiffany looked in the mirror, her face frozen, trying hard not to start crying.

"This is your only class of the day. After it's over, we're going back to continue your piercings," Kaitee said. She picked up a camera and told Tiffany to pose. She had her turn, bend, pout, and pull down her top, taking pictures the whole time. I smiled. Tiffany's old self was coming through yet again, proud of even this new body, waiting to wrap the next man around her little finger. About halfway through, she started touching herself and came quickly, her "aaiiiiiieeeeeeee..." echoing down the hall of the dorm.

When she stopped shaking, Kaitee put down the camera. "You're very proud of your virginity, aren't you?" Kaitee asked. "Yes, of course," Tiffany answered. Kaitee just nodded and gave me an evil smile. "Time to go."

We walked across campus slowly, women staring in disgust, men staring with hungry eyes, couples shaking their heads. Just before we got to the classroom, Kaitee handed Tiffany a silver necklace. "Here, you've earned this." Tiffany picked it up and looked at it. She started crying again. In big gold letters a full inch tall, outlined with black lacquer, was the word "mudpuppy".









Tiffany Completes Her Training and Is Auctioned
CHAPTER THREE

** Tiffany gets more tattoos and her hair is shaved. Finally, she is auctioned off and begins her new life. **



From then on, I was mostly a fifth wheel but Kaitee enjoyed having me around so I stayed. I was useful in that Tiffany still seemed to think she had to worry more about me than Kaitee. Plus, I was handy to have around for Tiffany's cocksucking lessons.

Not that there was any lack of enthusiastic subjects. Through the rest of that first week, she must have sucked thirty cocks and mine was the only white one. Tiffany was getting better, she started a blowjob with her mouth around the head, getting it as wet at she could, then licking up and down the shaft in long, slow strokes. She moaned and purred while she did, which most of them appreciated. Then, she'd go down and spend some time with the sack in her mouth, tongue gently working up and down between the balls while her hand stroked the cock gently. Just enough to keep us hard, not enough to make us cum. Then, depending on who wanted what, she might go around back and give a good, thorough rimming before coming back around to finish the whole thing off deep throat style. Her gag reflex was completely under control now and she grew more and more enthusiastic with each load she swallowed. By the time we took her back to the pole-dancing bar on Saturday night, she was slamming the cocks balls deep against her face. I thought she'd bruise her lips and chin, she was going at it that hard.

Kaitee had another agenda going at the same time. She was working on conditioning Tiffany in a classic stimulus-response manner. She had Tiffany wearing an RC vibrator most of the time now and used it to associate tasks to stimulation. When she did the dishes, the vibrator was on. When she was vacuuming the dorm, the vibrator was on. Anytime Kaitee or one of the men played with her piercings, the vibrator was on. Kaitee said she had to be careful to only pair certain things with the vibrator. If she overdid it, Tiffany's system would become confused and it would be pointless. She had a discrete list that included, among the things above: loading laundry, stir-frying (but not boiling, frying, or baking), certain songs and certain television shows. The television shows were the most challenging, Kaitee said, because they were the longest. She had a long term goal to have Tiffany with a group of their Asian girlfriends sitting through a 30-minute television show, squirming and on the edge of orgasm the whole time.

She didn't pair it to oral sex though and I asked her why. Her response scared me. "I want to make sure she takes no pleasure in that at all. Ever. Every time she does it, she must be reminded that she is doing it because I demand it and for no other reason." I didn't comment.

During that same week, Kaitee brought Tiffany back for four more tattoos and five more piercings. Tiffany still occasionally objected and had to be reminded of her situation, but her resistance was coming less and less often.

The first tattoos were a matched pair that ran up her sides, starting inside her thighs about halfway to the knee, wrapping around behind just below her ass cheeks, then coming around her hips and up her sides, crossing just underneath her breasts and intertwining between them, ending by turning back outward and coming to a point just inches from each nipple. The design was simple, just a thick dark blue stripe that tapered at the ends and was just about an inch at its widest. "Racing stripes," Kaitee had called them. Tiffany was horrified, she could never wear a two-piece bathing suit again or anything really that showed her torso. And her skirts would always have to be knee length. The ones Kaitee had hanging in the closet were cut so short they barely covered her ass. Her head spun trying to figure out what Kaitee had in mind.

The second set of tattoos decorated the lower part of her belly, just below the waist line of a set of briefs. Bikini panties or a bathing suit would reveal the tattoos, her clothing choices were being further limited. Each tattoo was a spiral of words. The first was A Slave's Promise, something Kaitee had seen on the Internet over a year ago and thought captured the spirit of servitude she was after. The second was an excerpt from one of Tiffany's emails that I'd sent to Kaitee, where she begged to be coerced into being tattooed, pierced, and sold at auction.

The piercings not completely unexpected. Their effect on Tiffany was. In fact, that night was another night that left me worrying about her mental state. The first four piercings were smallish gold rings, two in each of her pussy lips. As Manny started on the first of the four, Kaitee leaned forward and took Tiffany's face between her palms. "You are very proud of your virginity, aren't you?" I watched closely, Kaitee had used that same tone of voice when she asked earlier today. Tiffany nodded. Manny finished the first piercing and started on the second. "Well, we want to make certain we do everything we can to keep you that way, don't we?" Tiffany started to tremble. "Yes, Ma'am." Kaitee didn't say anything the whole time Manny worked on the third and fourth piercing. He dabbed Tiffany's cunt a few times, only one of the piercings was bleeding. He cleaned up and checked again to make sure it had stopped. When he was satisfied, he nodded to Kaitee. Kaitee handed him a tiny, gold, heart-shaped padlock. Tiffany's eyes grew wide and she twisted her head between Kaitee's hands. I saw her hands gripping the chair hard, she wanted to move but was afraid what would happen to her newly pierced body. Manny calmly opened the lock and used it to lock all four of the rings together. The quiet 'click' roared in Tiffany's ears. Was there even a key? Kaitee leaned forward and gave her a kiss on the forehead. "There. Now you're safe forever."

The last piercing was the hardest of all. I watched Kaitee as she got up and walked out of the room with Manny. They talked in the hallway for a while and I heard Manny arguing about something. I didn't know what the fuss was about, Manny didn't seem to have any problem doing much of anything. Kaitee came back into the room and got her purse. When she came back, Manny was smiling and threw a wad of fifty dollar bills on the table behind him. He leaned over and produced a leather belt from underneath the big chair and pulled it tight across Tiffany's waist, securing it underneath on the other side. Before she could ask what he was doing, he pulled another across her chest, just below her shoulders. A third strap went across her forehead. I could see from the wild look in her eyes that she was nervous, anxious but still puzzled. A dumb animal being led somewhere...

Kaitee handed him a single ring. It was made of dull, grey iron and was just a little over an inch in diameter, maybe 3/16th of an inch thick. She held is just above Tiffany's head so she could see it. Manny reached for it and brought it down, resting it on Tiffany's upper lip, pressing it upward toward her nose. That was when she started to panic. "Kaitee, Kaitee, oh my God, Kaitee, my sister, Kaitee, no, please..."

I realized what was going on -- Kaitee was going to have Manny put the ring through Tiffany's septum. I was shocked. When she'd said 'nose', I assumed she meant a ring at the outside of one of the nostrils. I was wrong. And it wasn't a simple, thin, gold ring. It was a full inch of dull iron. Tiffany was groggy from the pain of the tattoos but still managed to put up a fight. Kaitee leaned forward and whispered something in her ear. Tiffany's body went limp and she nodded and closed her eyes.

The procedure was over in just a few minutes.
---
As horrible as the piercing was, it wasn't the Big Event of the night. That surprised me too. Kaitee drove to a ghetto area in East L.A. and parked in front of a beauty salon. She walked around and held the door for Tiffany, still woozy from the pain killers Manny gave her as we were leaving. She held her hand and they walked inside, me trailing a few steps back.

The place was full of black women, chattering and laughing, smoking and strutting their stuff. They all stopped and turned when Tiffany walked in with her swollen titties, big bubble ass and hooker outfit.

"What the *fuck* do we have here?" One of the ladies asked. She set her scissors down on the tray and strutted across the room. Clearly the Alpha Bitch. "Look at this one, girls!" She fingered Tiffany's necklace. "Says 'mudpuppy'. You know what a mudpuppy is, bitch?" Several of the other women gathered around, leaning in to watch Tiffany shiver.

"No, Ma'am..."

"Then why the *fuck* you wearin' this, bitch?" She yanked the necklace and it came loose in her hand. She held it up. "Look at this wannabee ho! 'mudpuppy'. Shiiit!" She handed it to one of the other women who dropped it on the floor. "A 'mudpuppy' is a white woman who only fucks black men. You a white woman, honey?"

"N...no,&nbsp; Ma'am."

"Then why the *fuck* you wearin' this? Have you been fucking our men?" Some of the other women circled around Tiffany. Kaitee and I stood with our backs to the door watching. Kaitee told me it was all under control and I trusted her. She hadn't been wrong yet.

"Huh, bitch? You been sucking black dick?"

Tiffany didn't respond, frozen with fear and shame.

"She wants her hair cut," Kaitee called out calmly. "Don't you, Tynisha?" The women exploded then. "What the fuck you doin' callin' her Tynisha? That ain't no fuckin' Chink bitch name!"

"She wants her hair cut so her parents can see her earrings," Kaitee said.

I saw Tiffany stiffen. I could see her face in the mirror, she was horrified. Somehow, this was worse to her than the piercing or the tattoo. Her lips were moving but I couldn't hear what she was saying.

"You talkin' to me, bitch?" the woman barked.

"Kaitee, please, Kaitee, please," Tiffany kept repeating. Kaitee looked at the big woman again and nodded. Two of her friends came and took Tiffany's arms and walked her to one of the chairs. "Fuckin' Tynisha my ass!" one of them muttered.

The Alpha Bitch picked up a pair of scissors and leaned closer to Tiffany. "So, bitch, what look do you want? There are so many possibilities. Side shave, undercut with tat, full shave, side crop. Here, look at some pictures."

Kaitee intercepted the book and looked over each picture carefully. "I like this look."

"Her," Alpha snorted. "She ain't no rock star, this is your bitch slave." She crossed her arms and stared at Kaitee.

"Well, then, fine, you're the expert, you pick. I don't really care," Kaitee said. She walked away and dropped herself into a chair in the waiting area. I stood and watched for a minute, but the Alpha barked, "what you doin' here, white boy? You one of her slaves too?" I just smiled and walked away, took the seat next to Kaitee.

The haircut was over in about twenty minutes. Tiffany had come in with a classic Asian cut, rich black hair cut straight across her bangs and straight across the back, about ten inches below the neckline. The woman held up the mirror and she looked at her new 'do'. 

Tiffany looked at it and started to cry. Most of the left side and the back was shaved to 1/8 inch or so, with the word 'slut' razor-carved into what little hair remained. From the part line on the left, everything swept right. The hair on the right side of her head was trimmed even with her jawline. The hoop earrings were obvious now, the smaller rings stood out against the short hair background.

Kaitee took a picture of Tiffany and the Alpha. She said it would be a nice souvenir for Tiffany later.

---
Saturday morning, Kaitee brought Tiffany down to Keesha's corner and turned her loose. She was wearing a black vest and tiny black leather skirt with nothing underneath. She had an even higher pair of boots, they came up well past her knee. Her skin hadn't turned much darker even though she kept up the appointments at the tanning salon. She may have hit the saturation point but that was fine, her skin was dark and creamy, the color somewhere between burnt umber and chocolate. Her ass and chest hadn't lost an inch of their size and I wondered it might be permanent. The vest was held "closed" by a short length of chain but it just barely hid the piercings. 

Her haircut, piercings and tattoos made her a star attraction on the corner. Kaitee had threatened that today she would be servicing all the ass-busters, but when we got there, she told Keesha to keep it all oral. I didn't know what that was about but Kaitee assured me it was better this wya. The anal thing had to remain out there as a threat -- it would give her leverage with Tiffany if she ever needed it again. Which was doubtful.

Tiffany spent ten hours on the corner with no dinner and only one toilet break. She sucked fourteen men -- all black -- and brought in over three hundred dollars, which Kaitee let Keesha keep.

"Bring her back anytime," Keesha laughed.

They got back to the campus at nine and Kaitee had Tiffany shower and change into another copy of the exact same outfit. She checked the padlock and the anal dildo then drove her to one of the frat houses. There was a loud party going on. The house was packed, the front lawn crowded with drunk men and a few women, drunk and staggering. A big Mexican man named Ruiz met her at the door with a beer bottle in his hand. He handed Kaitee a stack of bills and led Tiffany into the front room.

Kaitee and I had some dinner and went to the movies. We got back at two in the morning and found Tiffany in a corner, propped up on pillows, naked with a handwritten sign around her neck that said "I swallow." Her face and hair were matted with cum, and more was running down her neck and covering her chest. A glob of it hung from the nose-ring and a line connected that to her chin. She looked like a bukakke poster. 

Someone had tied strings to her nipple rings and hung small bells from them. We watched while a man staggered toward her, took another drink from a half-empty Corona, and dropped his pants. Tiffany threw her arms around his waist and attacked his cock with enthusiasm, ramming it into her face fast and hard. Kaitee nudged me and held a hand behind her ear. You could just barely hear the bells ringing over the loud rock and roll music. Kaitee smiled and yelled to me, "I have to remember that."

The man pressed his hands against the back of her head and held her tight while he unloaded into her throat. She swallowed it all, then made loud slurping noises as she cleaned him off. That was when she saw us. Ruiz walked over and we talked. "The party's winding down. We're done with her if you want her back." Kaitee nodded. Ruiz handed the leather to Kaitee and walked away without saying anything to Tiffany. She hung her head as it hit her -- she was just an object at his party, something to be used and then sent away.

"Let's go," Kaitee said. She walked toward the door, Tiffany staggering behind her. "My clothes..." Kaitee didn't slow down. Tiffany walked through the crowd of party-goers in the front room and on the front lawn. It was several blocks to their dorm and Tiffany was terrified that someone would call the police. Kaitee seemed not to notice as couples walked by us, talking to each other about the naked woman walking across campus. Some thought she was drunk, some thought she was a streaker. Nobody seemed to think much of it. Another surprise for me. Southern California. Damn!
---
The next weekend, it all came to a head.

Mid-week, Tiffany received notice that she was failing all four of her classes and that there were rumors around that campus of inappropriate behavior. All of her lawyers except Allan had withdrawn their support and interest. The girls in the dorm shunned her completely and she took to showering in the middle of the night to avoid them. She received only one correspondence from her parents. It was from her father who said she'd broken her mother's heart with her behavior at their home and her tuition money was being stopped. She need not contact them again until she turned her life around.

Kaitee took her back for injections when she lost about an inch around her ass, she came back two inches larger than before. Kaitee didn't let her go to her classes, she dropped her off with Keesha at eight in the morning and picked her up at eight at night. On Wednesday, Keesha took Tiffany into one of the rooms and started talking to her about how hard it must all be and how she understood her fear and confusion and then she was on her and Tiffany had her first girl-girl experience. When she described it to us on Wednesday night, we both knew she would repeat it and she did. Twice on Thursday and twice on Friday. That had been a very low barrier to get over. It made sense, her days were supercharged with sex, the hormones that helped swell her ass and chest also made her body hypersensitive to touch and no doubt clouded her judgement a bit. Just after midnight on Friday, we brought her back to the corner but Keesha took her upstairs right away. Tiffany spent from twelve until six in the morning on the mattress with one after another of Keesha's girlfriends, eagerly learning and perfecting the other half of her oral skills.

Kaitee let her sleep from six o'clock till noon, then announced calmly that today was the day. Tiffany was going on Internet auction. I still had another two weeks left and wasn't thrilled to hear the news. This wasn't part of what I'd signed up for. Selling a human being on the Internet? I told Kaitee I had to run some errands for work but I needed to get out of there and think about my options. I couldn't let this happen, I'd need to go to the authorities. But everything would be revealed and Kaitee would have destroyed my life as well as Tiffany's. The more I thought about it, the more I realized Kaitee could get off scot-free. All of the evidence the police would find would link Tiffany and me, Kaitee would be no more than a name mentioned in the overall story. There was no proof she was the mastermind. She'd played me too. She was brilliant.

I decided I needed to see it through. I would watch the auction then drop everything into the hands of the police before she was "delivered" to the high bidder.

Kaitee drove us all to an upper-class neighborhood in the Hills. The gate opened and we drove another half-mile to the big house. Inside were two dozen people, all dressed in elegant evening clothes and wearing masks hiding their eyes. The doorman greeted Kaitee and immediately a short man presented himself. "Everything is in order," was all he said.

Kaitee led Tiffany down several halls and into a large room in the west wing of the house. There was a ring of chairs surrounding a foot-high platform. There were also half a dozen camera on stands arranged around the room, including one that hung overhead. People began arriving immediately. Kaitee led Tiffany into the middle of the round platform then walked away and sat in a chair at the back of the room.

Tiffany was wearing a single piece of clothing, a floor-length velvet cape that opened in front. She had been gripping it tightly from the inside since Kaitee put it on her three hours ago. She'd stood beside our table while we ate dinner and talked, she'd reached a single arm out to bring our coffee to the table one at a time at the cafe, and she'd held it closed while she walked from the car to the room.

The chairs filled quickly and the lights in the room went down. A spotlight came on, shining in Tiffany's eyes, ringing her with a circle of light in the black room. The short man stepped out of the shadows and announced to the crowd that the auction would begin as soon as the Internet cameras were online. A voice from overhead said, "proceed," and red lights on each camera lit up.

He was professional and polite. He unsnapped the collar of the cape and it dropped to the floor, revealing Tiffany's naked body in the spotlight. The piercings sparkled and the tattoos stood out in stark relief against her chocolate skin. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, our latest well-trained object of lust. It does not have a name, that is yours to grant or not grant as you see fit. That is, IF you are the lucky high bidder!" He walked around her once, stopped in front of her and ran a finger through her hair, pushing a stray strand back over her shoulder. 

"Do I hear an opening bid?"

Someone in the back called out "$12.95" and everyone laughed.

The auctioneer held up his hand and said, "let's examine the feature on this model, shall we?" . He stepped up, pulled back her lips, and tapped her teeth. "Solid and healthy. She was raised in an upper class neighborhood and well fed, well exercised, and, more recently, well-trained." He turned to Tiffany. "Show us your tongue." She stuck out her tongue. The single gold ball glittered and the bidding started in earnest. He poked the end of a metal pointer through both nipple rings and lifted her breasts. She began to respond then, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath.

"Conditioning," Kaitee said from the back of the room. "Her body has been trained to respond to this sort of treatment. You will begin to smell her female scent soon." I saw that those words had the expected effect on Tiffany, her nipples stiffened and she balled her fists -- always a sign she was getting aroused but didn't want to show it.

"Turn around," the auctioneer said. Tiffany turned. As she moved, he traced a finger along the spiralling tattoos that went up her sides and down her legs. I could tell that touch was turning her on too. Tiffany had always cum easily and this night would be no exception. He pointed out the calf tattoos and the bidding went up again.

"If you would all look at the monitors," he said. He took one of the cameras from its stand and held it in his hand. "Spread your legs." Tiffany started crying then, trembling and whimpering to Kaitee. In a very calm voice, Kaitee said, "spread your legs." Tiffany moved her feet and squatted slightly.

The man moved the camera slowly up her thigh, focusing close in on the "puta barata" tattoo. "Cheap whore," I said for no particular reason. He went to the other tattoo "ho dog". I said, "girl that will give it up like a bitch in heat." I wanted to earn my money. The bidding went up again. She was about to break ten thousand dollars.

"There are two more features of her body you should know about. First off, she is still a bona-fide virgin. And she intends to remain a virgin. The purchaser can make that decision for her, but for now..." he tilted the camera to show the padlock that held her lips together, "...that decision is moot."

There were excited voices all through the room. The Internet Bid screen flashed again and again and the bid went quickly to eighteen thousand dollars. 

"Her other unique feature is a very special one. If you looked at the information packet you were sent, you have seen that most of the men she chooses to sleep with have been large, very well-endowed black men." I watched Tiffany's face as this lie settled in among the crowd. "And, if you watched the videos we posted, you know that she is typically taken anally." Another lie but who was counting? "So, her trainers have conditioned her anus and rectum for the kind of treatment she can expect. Bend over and hold your cheeks."

Tiffany turned bright red and tears welled up in her eyes. She turned around and bent at the waist, her hands on her ass cheeks. "Now, I believe your trainer wants to demonstrate this feature?" Kaitee stood up and walked to the platform.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you for your interest in this slave. She has been well trained and will be I believe, a pleasant addition to any collection you might already have." She turned to Tiffany and said, "push." Tiffany sobbed softly. I could see the concentration on her face before I heard the hushed whispers from the audience.

A round, black rubber bulb was appearing from inside Tiffany's ass. It bobbed out and in a few times like a prairie dog peeking out of its hole. A few voices called out bids but in a hushed tone.

"Now, remember, you are welcome to discontinue this training at any time..." Kaitee said as Tiffany strained. The thing appeared now -- it was the head of a dildo, two inches around and slick and shiny. "...depending on how you choose to use the slave's body..." Tiffany was sobbing loudly now as the thing snaked out of her ass. It hung in the air, nine inches of thick, black, rubber and it was still sliding out. "...but rest assured that if you *do* choose to make this one an ass-slut..." Tiffany pushed again and the thing fell to the floor. "...you will not be disappointed." Kaitee told her to pick it up and Tiffany did, holding it for the audience and the cameras to see. It was a double-headed dildo, a full fourteen inches long, three inches in the middle, two inches at the heads. "And don't forget, not only is she trained to hold this inside her, notice how willing she was to put on a show for you. She loves being on display."

The bidding ticked up again and Kaitee gave Tiffany a swat on the ass. Twenty-two thousand dollars. 

"Now, one last thing. Since her training began several months ago, she has been perfecting her oral techniques on both men and women. We can put a pause to the bidding for the next two hours and anyone who wants to sample her skills is welcome to. For those of you online, you may ask someone in the room here to describe her talents for you and you may ask them and her to do anything you desire. The limits of the cybernetic age." A quiet laugh all around the room.

"On your knees then," he said. Obediently, in a daze, Tiffany knelt. She put her hands behind her back and leaned her head back, opened her mouth.

Kaitee's voice came from the back of the room. "You see how well trained she is? Obedient? Mouth open, knees wide, head back for your pleasure." The crowd voiced its approval. Kaitee came to the front and stepped on the platform again. She leaned down and kissed Tiffany on the cheek. "Do a good job, my darling. Make me proud."
---
All of that happened several months ago. I'm back at work and looking forward to my next job. My stories are coming along, people seem to like them, so I'll keep writing them.

Tiffany thinks about me often. I'm not guessing, I know. But it isn't as flattering as it might be. More on that later.

I've got a steady feed from Kaitee's place that I look at now and then. A bit less now than a few weeks ago. I feel a little sorry for Tiffany but it could have been a hell of a lot worse.

Kaitee rigged the bidding. She "bought" Tiffany with funny money -- an agreement with the man whose house they'd used that he could "drop by anytime". Her boyfriend had been behind it all along -- even I didn't know that. Kaitee was not very good at giving head but he loved getting it. Being an obedient Korean wife, when Kang-Dae told her he wanted a female slave to learn the right way to suck his cock, she made the arrangements. She knew Tiffany had a submissive streak and that she worshipped Kaitee, so the choice was simple. The last thing Kaitee wanted was to bring a stranger into the house. At least she knew Kaitee.

One the plan was put into effect, Kaitee discovered her own dark side. She found that she enjoyed everything she was doing to Tiffany and let her imagination run wild.

After they bought her at the auction, they assigned her the day job of household help. It made graduate school a lot easier for Kaitee and life a lot more fun for Kang-Dae. Tiffany cooked all of their meals, did the laundry, kept the place clean, did the dishes, and ran errands. If Kang-Dae or Kaitee needed some tension relieved, Tiffany serviced them immediately and thoroughly.

Kaitee did add one new twist. Tiffany was naked all the time. Well, nearly naked -- she wore her piercings and a shiny steel chastity belt twenty-four/seven. As near as I could tell, she hadn't cum since the night before the auction. I enjoyed watching her those first few weeks, hands and legs trembling as she did the dishes and the conditioning kicked in. She'd stop every few minutes and wipe the sweat from her forehead. Some days, she'd play with the nipple rings, some days she'd dry hump the corner of the washing machine or sink but it was no use. The metal plate was completely solid and all she did was drive herself to further frustration. Kaitee had done her conditioning job well. Even now, this many months later, the arousal of a simple task like doing the dishes could drive Tiffany half-insane. She'd wash a few plates then step away and do something else. But -- as Kaitee had predicted -- the hunger brought her back and she'd do another few dishes. It was a vicious cycle and she was doing it to herself. I felt sorry for her and stopped watching a few weeks ago.

I mentioned above that Tiffany thinks of me often. The reason is that Kaitee -- always thinking, always plotting -- came up with another way to indluge her love of Behavior Modification through Operant Conditioning. She's instituted a plan by which Tiffany can periodically earn a day of her old life back. Here's how it works.

When her household chores are done and if there is nothing special on Kaitee or Kang-Dae's schedule, Tiffany is free to do housework at either of two homes in the neighborhood. She puts on a simple print dress and walks about a mile in either direction, always calling first to make sure the residents don't have something else planned.

She can do dishes, polish the banisters, pull weeds, vacuum the carpets, and any of a variety of other menial tasks. She's paid $2.50 an hour and gets to keep it all. When she gets enough money to pay for an airplane ticket and a hotel, she can call and invite me to come and visit.

Kaitee lets her get herself made up and put on a black human hair wig that makes her look more or less like she did before this all began. She removes the nose ring -- a while back they replaced it with a stainless steel sleeve through the septum so now it's removable.

When I get there, she's waiting, standing naked in the middle of the library, the key to the chastity belt in her outstretched hands, her clothes for the evening laid out on the sofa behind her. When she sees me, her face lights up. As I come closer, her body starts to shake, like a puppy does when its master comes into the room. I undo the chastity belt and remove it, watching her struggle to keep her hands stiff at her sides.

Sometimes, I let her masturbate right then. That's the most intense. She starts off standing, drops to her knees, and soon is on her back with her hips bucking up and down as she brings herself off over and over again.

Other times, I take her up the ass first. She still hates it. She isn't allowed to use those little dildoes to stretch herself out anymore. I think she's a better ride when it hurts. I let her touch herself while I ream her ass. It feels better when she cums, her body twitching, her little asshole clenching hard as she spasms.

Then, she gets dressed in one of those same types of sexy outfits she used to wear when she was a grad student and professional tease. Short skintight dress, shimmery stockings, high heeled shoes, expensive jewelry. We go out to dinner and then clubbing. I let her dance with anyone who has the balls to ask but nobody gets to touch her. It's amazing how quickly she gets back into "tease" mode -- it's ingrained in the bitch. She lets them buy her drinks, flirts, rubs up against them like she's marking territory, but they don't get more than a peck and a grab at her ass. I've seen her get off slow dancing with them but they get nothing out of the deal. I guess you can't breed that kind of thing out an an animal.

Allan and I have exclusive use of her asshole. Kang-Dae isn't interested in anything but her mouth and when Kaitee does pimp her out -- for parties or just for fun -- it's oral all the way. Allan and I get her ass, nobody has ever fucked her pussy. Tiffany is going to die a virgin.

Sometimes, I take her back to my apartment and entertain myself watching her masturbate herself to a frenzy, sometimes I tie her up and watch her squirm in frustration. Those times with me are the only times the chastity belt comes off so she makes the best of them, spending every minute she can with her hand between her legs.

For my part, it's hard to imagine a better situation. I have a hot little number who spends all of her free time earning money to pay my way to fly cross-country and fuck the hell out of her asshole. How many guys can say that?



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JustALittleRougher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





