BDSM Library -  Happy Birthday Angie




 Happy Birthday Angie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Angela's birthday party goes horribly wrong despite her meticulous, yet poor planning. No one turns up for the party except Nikki and Tamara who weren't originally on the guest list. The two beautiful and mischievous sisters take control of Angela and soon the birthday girl finds herself stripped down to her birthday suit. The sisters invite their friends over and the party kicks off. Having fun at Angela's expense becomes the name of the game as the girls tease, humiliate and finally fuck the unhappy birthday girl.






Synopsis: Angela's birthday party goes horribly wrong despite her meticulous, yet poor planning. No one turns up for the party except Nikki and Tamara who weren't originally on the guest list. The two beautiful and mischievous sisters take control of Angela and soon the birthday girl finds herself stripped down to her birthday suit. The sisters invite their friends over and the party kicks off. Having fun at Angela's expense becomes the name of the game as the girls tease, humiliate and finally fuck the unhappy birthday girl in the ass.

*****************************************************************


Happy Birthday Angie - Part 1

The silver and gold decorations fluttered brightly in the light wind that drifted across the hallway. Angela stood with her hands on her hips and surveyed her work critically. The hallway was completely decked out in gold and silver and was covered with tinsel and balloons. Angela pursed her lips and pouted as it wasn't really perfectly done. Decorating was never one of her strong points and it showed as bits of string were visible all over and the balloons were unevenly spaced.

"Well, it will have to do" said Angela with a sigh and finally turned away from the decorations.

She strode into her bedroom and shut the door and locked it even though she was alone in the house. She stood in front of the mirror and glanced at her reflection. The girl in the mirror was barely 5 feet tall with dark hair pulled back into a comfortable ponytail. Her deep brown eyes were stunning even without any makeup and were certainly her best feature. Angela frowned as she noticed the dark shadows under her eyes and the light freckles that were starting to form on her nose. She would have to go heavy on the makeup for the night.

Indeed, tonight was a special night for Angela. Her 28th birthday party was setup to be one of the best ever. She had finally managed to save up some money and it was time to spend some of it on herself. She had ordered expensive food for the occasion and had treated herself to a new outfit which was now lying on her bed. Her parents had left her the house and gone on a vacation to India so she had the place to herself for almost a month which was ideal when it came to throwing a party.

She slipped off her t-shirt and tugged her jeans down her legs. She loved wearing jeans and often wore them even if she was just hanging around the house by herself. She reached behind her and removed her bra before finally slipping out of her panties. She looked at herself in the mirror and sighed. She had been gaining weight recently. All that chocolate she had consumed was finally making its ungainly presence known. Much to her annoyance, the fat wasn't spread around evenly as she was still in the early stages of gaining weight. She still had a very slim build and was never a big made girl so the extra fat looked out of place on her. Most of the fat had gone directly to her ass and she had gone from having a comparatively flat ass to an exceptionally padded bubble butt. She was also getting a slight tummy much to her dismay. Despite all this, Angela had slim arms and thin, short legs although her thighs were starting to fill out a bit. Her breasts were 32B's which had an enticing perky shape to them and were rounded off by big brown nipples. Her pubic region was bare and freshly shaved as she believed it to be the "in-thing" these days. For a girl with South Asian origins, her body was exceptionally pale although her face was a shade darker due to steady exposure to the sun.

Angela pouted at her reflection in the mirror before turning away and walking into the bathroom for a quick shower, which for her lasted a good part of half an hour. Finally she was done and sat in her towel in front of her mirror doing her makeup. She went heavy with the makeup using thick white eyeliner and a heavy application of powder to mask her dark shadows and light freckles. The small stud on her right nostril sparkled when she put it on. She wore her favorite pair of purple bra and panties and finally turned her attention towards the dress.

The dress had a lovely shade of bright blue which was eye catching and probably over the top as it had a series of sequins along the lining which glittered brightly in the light above the mirror. The dress was held up by thin and fancy looking straps and it flared out at the waist area.

Angela slid the dress up her body and after a final glance at the mirror and a quick application of perfume she was ready. She set off towards the hall and got the food out of the kitchen. After a few minutes of arranging, the party was ready to start.

Angela sat in the hallway waiting for her friends and watching the clock every few minutes. 6pm became 7pm and then became 8pm but none of her friends had turned up. Visibly annoyed and pouting as usual, Angela reached for her phone and called one of her friends using the speed dial. As soon as her friend picked up the phone, Angela heard the loud sounds of a party going on full swing in the background.

"Oh sorry Angela dear but I can't make it to your party. My boyfriend and his college friends are throwing us a party and I had to go. Happy birthday sweetie" said her friend in a rush and hung up before Angela could even get a word it. 

Wordlessly, Angela called up all the other friends she had invited and it seemed they were all at this party. Angela was starting to get enraged and embarrassed. All her friends were giving her excuses in a throwaway manner and Angela had to make an effort to not burst into tears. However, her anger was starting to show and she snapped responses over the phone sharply and lectured and whined at her friends at how they were behaving. The girls she called were mostly not bothered and had already grown tired of her attitude long back. They simply hung up as soon as they could and got back to their party which was going very well.

Disappointed and annoyed, Angela sat back in her seat and grumbled angrily to herself.

The doorbell rang at that moment, interrupting Angela's rant and she got to her feet in surprise. Immediately she thought her friends had made it after all and hurried forward in excitement to unlock the door and open it.

Much to Angela's disappointment, it wasn't any of her friends at the door but two strangers. From the looks of them, they both looked like sisters. Angela's quick appraisal put their ages at 19 and 18. Both of them were tall, well dressed and definitely above average looking.

"Are you Angela? I'm Tamara and this is my little sister Nikki" said the older one with a quick grin.

"Um.. Hi" said Angela in confusion as she looked at the two girls in surprise.

"Hi Angie. Remember me, you were my Sunday school teacher some years back" said the younger of the two with a cheeky grin.

With a sudden flashback, Angela remembered. She had indeed taught this girl about 3 years back when she was much younger. She had changed so much since then that she was barely recognizable. Angela had been quite hard on the kids back then and complained to their parents even for minor offenses and if she remembered right, Nikki was mischievous quite often.

"Of course I remember Nikki, its great to see you after so long" said Angela, still not over her surprise.

Angela stepped forward and hugged her former student. She was surprised to find that this girl was already much taller than her and she had to actually reach up to kiss her cheek.

"Wow, you've grown so tall" said Angela.

"You look the same as ever Angie, although it looks like you've put on a bit of weight recently" said Nikki with a giggle.

Angela frowned and looked down at herself with some level of disappointment.

"Oh, I don&#8217;t go by the name Angie. Call me Angela if you don&#8217;t mind. Why don&#8217;t the two of you come in" said Angela and invited the sisters in.

"Sure Angie. Thanks" said Nikki with a smirk and walked in despite the look of exasperation on Angela's face.

"By the way, that vein on your head is new" said Nikki as she strolled into Angela's house.

Tamara had been eyeing the exchange between her younger sister and this woman and she had to admit that she found it amusing. The sisters had been on their way home after one of their classes when Nikki had suggested that they visit her old teacher's house for the fun of it. Nikki was quite a prankster and Tamara knew it might be fun to tag along and see what happened. Her quick eyes took in the decorations, Angela's heavy makeup and the ridiculous over-the-top dress that her hostess was wearing and put two and two together.

"Many happy returns of the day" she said to Angela and gave her a lasting hug.

Angela once again found herself reaching up in order to hug this incredibly tall and beautiful girl who was ten years her junior. Angela found herself naturally intimidated by this girl, not only because of her height but also her beauty and those exceptionally large boobs that came almost up to her chin.

"Thank you" breathed Angela, clearly flustered now as the girl's obviously superior chest pressed down against her own much smaller breasts. Tamara's expensive perfume filled her nostrils and Angela felt a sudden unexpected heady rush.

Tamara was 9 years younger than her but Angela was just so overwhelmed by her height and beauty that she found herself flirting with Tamara although she had never shown any interest in women before. She flushed whenever Tamara addressed her much to her acute embarrassment. Unfortunately she didn't have too much experience with flirting and soon reverted to whining about things in general and how badly her party was going while Tamara listened without too much enthusiasm.

Nikki walked over to the food and helped herself without bothering with the formalities of wishing Angela. She really never liked her old teacher and remembered how whiny and irritating she used to be and how often she had snitched on her to her parents. She mostly had come over to look for a bit of payback. Her young mind, as usual, started thinking of ways to get back at this bitch who had given her a fair bit of trouble in the past. Several pranks occurred to her but one idea hit her like a bolt of lightening. She had an excellent plan to take Angela down a peg or two.

While Tamara was making small talk with Angela who looked to be quite taken with her elder sister, Nikki picked up a bottle of sauce and slowly snuck up behind Angela. Her sister noticed her and continued to distract Angela, feigning interest in Angela's small talk. With a quick swipe the sauce was on Angela's dress and she hadn't noticed anything.

When Angela finally got up to serve Tamara some food, Nikki decided to strike. She waited while Angela's arms were full of trays before quickly putting her foot out as Angela walked by her. 

Angela walked forward with a tray in each hand. Suddenly she felt herself tripping over something and losing her balance. She put her arms out in the last minute and cushioned her fall but she still hit the floor reasonably hard. Her knee and arm felt sore and she felt momentarily dazed by the impact of her hard landing.

"Look Tamara, there's blood on her dress" said Nikki pointing at the ketchup stain although Angela barely registered it with the shock she felt at that moment.

Cool pairs of hands grabbed Angela and lifted her to her feet.

"Looks like you have been injured Angie so lets just check you for injuries" said Tamara, catching on to her younger sister's plan. Also she couldn't resist calling her 'Angie' instead of the more formal 'Angela' due to the way this girl was reacting.

The sisters exchanged a grin and grabbed the hem of Angela's dress simultaneously. With a quick nod to each other they pulled the dress up and off Angela.

"Does it hurt anywhere Angie?" asked Tamara as she reached behind Angela and unstrapped her bra before pulling it away.

"Um" said Angela who was still in shock at how quickly things were happening. She was still trying to make sense of it all.

Nikki hooked her thumbs into Angela's panties and shucked them down and off quickly.

The sisters stepped back and smiled at their handiwork. Angela was looking down at her naked body in surprise and a blush was starting to form on her cheeks and spread steadily to the rest of her body. With her 32B's and shaved pussy on display for her guests to see, she knew this was a birthday she wouldn't forget. She had been stripped down to her birthday suit before she could even blow out the candles.





Happy Birthday Angie - Part 2

"Thanks for your concern girls, but I'm really not hurt and I think I should be getting dressed now" said Angela nervously with the blush unlikely to leave her cheeks anytime soon.

Angela had finally got her wits about her but this did nothing to ease the embarrassment of the moment. Having every flaw in her body exposed to her two young guests was an absolutely mortifying thought.

"Nonsense Angie, what kind of friends would we be if we didn't make sure you were fine? That was such a nasty accident" said Tamara, covering her mouth in an attempt to avoid bursting into giggles.

"I'm Angela, not Angie" said Angela with a hint of consternation in her voice.

Both Nikki and Tamara giggled in response.

"There's food in your hair" said Nikki with a giggle.

Angela ran a hand through her hair and found slight remains of food from the trays in her hand which had fallen on her during her unfortunate accident.

"We need to get you cleaned up Angie" said Tamara in a stern business like voice reverting once again to calling her 'Angie'.

Tamara stepped forward and placed an arm around the naked girl's waist and directed her firmly towards her bedroom while Nikki followed grinning. Once in Angela's bedroom, Tamara directed Angela towards the bathroom while Nikki closed the door behind them.

"I can do this by myself" stuttered Angela as they all crowded into the small bathroom but Tamara was hearing none of that.

"You've just been hurt Angie, we need to help you here" said Tamara firmly and helped Angela into the empty bathtub. 

Tamara started running some cold water into the tub and Angela yelped delicately when the water splashed against her legs. Tamara let the water run until there was enough to cover Angela's ankles before closing the tap. Nikki found a couple of sponges and handed one to her sister with a grin. The girls wet and soaped up the sponges before turning their attention back to the blushing naked girl in the tub.

"We need to get rid of all this makeup first" said Tamara and held Angela's face and rubbed it vigorously with the sponge. Angela shut her eyes quickly and kept them shut. It was easier for her to deal with this with her eyes closed and she hated getting soap in her bright brown eyes. As soon as Angela closed her eyes, the sisters grinned and high-fived each other.

"Hey Tam, have you seen her butt? It&#8217;s huge" said Nikki with a giggle as both girls scrubbed and soaped Angela's naked body cheerfully.

Angela's ears burned on hearing that comment and her blush became more pronounced. Tamara spun Angela around to have a look much to Angela's embarrassment.

"Wow, that&#8217;s one fat ass. You need to hit the treadmill Angie" replied Tamara, joining her sister and giggling merrily.

Tamara applied her sponge to Angela's butt, soaping as well as kneading and squeezing the substantial supple flesh. Angela gasped in surprise and embarrassment when Tamara spread open her butt cheeks with her thumbs and giggled at the sight of her puckered asshole before rubbing her butt crack with the sponge making Angela jump in shock. She opened her eyes temporarily but the sting of the soap threatened and made her close them tight once more.

Nikki in the meantime was focusing on scrubbing Angela's breasts.

"How do you manage to get any dates Angie? These tiny things are so inadequate" said Nikki disdainfully making Angela's ears burn as she made fun of her teacher.

The sisters took their time, soaping and rinsing Angela for almost an hour, ignoring Angela's stammered protests and talking merrily to themselves as if Angela wasn't there.

Finally they were done and Tamara dried Angela with a towel while Nikki went back into the bedroom to look through Angela's things.

Angela blushed deeply as Tamara paid special attention to her breasts and buttocks, making sure to run the towel between Angela's legs and also between her butt cheeks on multiple occasions.

Normally Angela would have a lot to say and plenty of things to complain about but she found that she was too shocked and embarrassed to say anything to these girls whom she barely knew. The shock of being seen naked in front of them was too mortifying for her to even comprehend and she had lost all confidence in herself.

Tamara looked over the naked older girl standing before her and giggled as she remembered how Angela had flirted with her earlier. She had to hand it to her younger sister, getting to see the whining skank without a stitch on was proving to be unexpectedly entertaining and obviously it very embarrassing for the naked birthday girl.

The birthday girl was blushing furiously, wondering how she had gotten into such an embarrassing situation. A few hours ago she had finally started to enjoy her birthday as she spoke to the tall and exceptionally beautiful Tamara but since then things had changed swiftly and Angela had experienced one of the most mortifying moments of her life. The girl who she had looked up to had seen her naked as the day she was born and had even felt all of her inadequate assets. 

Angela knew she needed to get back into some clothes and regain control of the situation.

Tamara decided it was time to put a stop to the fun, since it was after all Angela's birthday. Her sister was obviously planning more mischief in Angela's bedroom but she felt it was now too much of a good thing.

Before Tamara could do anything however, Angela suddenly started to whine and lecture her.

"I could have managed all of that by myself you know. The two of you are still young and I don&#8217;t think you should see me like this since I am an adult" said Angela sternly as she placed one hand across her bare breasts and another between her legs.

"I think both of you have been doing too much and I think that&#8217;s enough. I'll be telling your parents about your behavior" scolded the naked birthday girl as the vein on her forehead swelled slightly in consternation.

Tamara looked at Angela in surprise, taken aback by the sudden scolding that she was receiving. All attempts to stop the fun for the night just flew out the window.

"I'm going to get dressed now" said Angela reaching out for the towel and unwittingly uncovering her breasts in the process.

Tamara was now in the mood to have a bit more fun now and embarrass this snotty girl. She smiled sweetly and tossed the used towel into a nearby laundry basket.

"Of course Angie dear, let&#8217;s find you some new stuff to wear" said Tamara, grabbing Angela's extended hand and leading her back into the bedroom.

Nikki bounded up to Angela and her sister, holding up a party hat which she had found buried deep within Angela's closet along with a pink pair of panties she had found when checking out Angela's underwear drawer. She placed the party hat on Angela's head and snapped the elastic sharply under her chin.

Angela gasped in surprise as the elastic snapped against her sharply. She didn't even remember owning this party hat which was a pale pink with yellow and blue spots.

"Wear this Angie" said Nikki as she tossed the pink pair of panties at Angela.

Angela caught the panties and pulled them up slowly and awkwardly up her legs while the sisters eyed their plaything in amusement. The soft pair of panties fit her quite snuggly and displayed the shape of her ass quite clearly.

"It&#8217;s too bad that none of your friends dropped by Angie, so I thought I would liven things up by inviting some friends of ours instead. I think they will like you a lot" said Nikki with a grin.

"Oh, ok" said Angela hesitantly. She had definitely not envisioned the party to continue for much longer after the extremely embarrassing hour she had just spent in the bathroom.

"Call me Angela, not Angie" said Angela as she realized that they were still getting her name wrong.

Tamara just rolled her eyes in response and shared a hidden wink with Nikki.

"Let&#8217;s go wait for your guests now sweetie" said Nikki, leading Angela towards the hall once again.

"Erm, wait Nikki, let me get into some clothes and I'll join you" said Angela in surprise. She was wearing only a pair of panties and that ridiculous party hat.

"No time for that, your guests are almost here" said Tamara with a grin and joined her sister as they dragged the hesitant and surprised birthday girl into the hall.

The doorbell rang at that very moment, proving the accuracy of those words. 

"But... but... I'm wearing only my panties" stammered Angela in shock.

"Who cares" replied Tamara with a giggle.

The sisters dragged the struggling birthday girl towards the door and opened it to a large group of their girlfriends who were all either bisexual or lesbian.

"Happy Birthday Angie" yelled the girls in unison and burst into giggles at the sight of their hostess whose mouth was hanging open in shock.






Happy Birthday Angie - Part 3

Angela's nipples tingled in anticipation as the girls trooped in one after the other and hugged her as they come in. One of them even gave her a quick peck on the lips while another girl slid her hand around Angela's hips and gave her ass a quick squeeze. Angela looked at them in shock as they handled her one by one. She had never been hit on by girls before and she had no idea how to respond except to pout and glare at her more adventurous guests.

All of the girls were younger than Angela and they all seemed no older than 18 or 19 which somehow made the whole thing even more embarrassing and disconcerting.

Things had gone from bad to worse for the blushing birthday girl as she now had her breasts bared in front of 10 strangers who were making themselves at home. She lowered her eyes and crossed her hands over her breasts, wishing the floor would open up and swallow her. Being an exceptionally sensitive girl she had never been naked in front of other girls before. She had always made sure to have showers separately and preferred to change in a stall than in a changing room. She was sensitive about her body and she knew that most girls would notice any of her flaws. Her usual whining attitude had temporarily deserted her and she pouted to herself as she thought of ways to cut the night short.

The girls eyed Angela with interest as they considered the prospect of having a bit of fun with her and sharing her bed later that night. Most of them already had partners but they all didn't mind having some fun with this obviously stuck up girl who was blushing and pouting in a manner which brought out the inner bully within them.

Angela cleared her throat hesitantly and briefly interrupted the chatting and giggling going on around the room.

"Erm, hi everyone, it&#8217;s really nice of you all to come in today but I think its time to wind up and end the party for the night" said Angela hesitantly, glancing around the room and still covering her breasts with her arms.

"Nonsense girl, we just got here" said one short and chubby girl with a laugh.

"Yeah, this party is just starting baby doll" said a dark girl in a cap and 3 quarters with gold bling around her neck.

"Time to blow out the candles birthday girl" said Tamara with a tinkering laugh. She slid an arm firmly around Angela's waist and guided her towards the center of the room. 

"Look, I don't think..� began Angela in a nasal whining voice but Tamara cut her short wave of her arm.

"Oh, stop complaining, we'll make sure that this is the best birthday party ever" said Tamara and kissed Angela sweetly on the cheek, leaving the topless birthday girl blushing and short of breath. Somehow she was still captivated by Tamara despite being stripped and given a bath by the beautiful 19 year old.

"The best birthday party for us anyway" Tamara added, in an undertone to some of her friends who giggled enthusiastically.

Nikki placed the birthday cake on a small table in the center of the room and all the girls gathered around Angela. Nikki placed a few candles on the cake and lit them with a match and the girls started to sing.

"Happy birthday to you,

Happy birthday to you,

Happy birthday Angie Pangie,

Happy birthday to you"

Giggles punctuated the song when they sang the pre-arranged name; 'Angie Pangie' and the girls broke into applause once they were done. A few of them managed to snap a few pictures with their camera phones without Angela noticing by disabling the flash.

"It&#8217;s Angela, not Angie" muttered the annoyed birthday girl as she leaned forward to blow the candles, unfortunately forgetting to keep her breasts covered.

She blew hard at the candles and managed to get all of them when suddenly Tamara's hand sneaked out from behind her and shoved her face into the icing of the cake while Nikki grabbed the sides of Angela's panties and yanked them down to her ankles.

"Birthday spanking!!" yelled one of the girls while the others cheered and squealed in delight as their hands came down quickly and sharply on Angela's exposed butt cheeks.

Angela shrieked in shock with her face covered in icing while she was still bent over the cake. Quick sharp smacks rained down on her exposed rear end as the girls giggled and smacked her ass as hard as they could. Angela was caught completely by surprise and was slow to react. She reached behind with both hands to try and fend off the spanks that were hammering her bottom. Her left hand was grabbed at the same time that someone else pinched her hard on an exposed nipple. The girl who had grabbed her hand pulled her quickly and effectively over her lap as she quickly grabbed a nearby chair.

Now dressed in only a party hat, the birthday girl yelled and kicked in protest as she was held securely over someone&#8217;s lap. Icing still covered her face, blocking her vision and her left hand was wrenched firmly behind her. Without so much as a warning, the girl whose lap she occupied started spanking her hard and fast. All around her, girls were giggling and snapping pictures of her, suddenly not bothered about using the powerful flash on their phones.

"Look at the size of that ass" yelled one of the girls as they whooped and cheered as their friend whacked the birthday girl's big butt.

"Stop! Stop!" yelled Angela as she kicked her legs up helplessly and giving some of the girls a good look between her legs. 

Someone grabbed her boobs and squeezed them firmly while flicking her hard nipples experimentally as Angela yelled in fury. Her ass was getting tanned quite fast and was a bright red before she was transferred to another lap.

The second girl took her time and rubbed Angela's ass, teasing her with light taps.

"Stop this at once" whined Angela as she struggled to see through the icing on her face. 

The girl whose lap she was on, enticingly spread open Angela's butt cheeks with her thumbs, exposing Angela's puckered anus to the surrounding girls who broke into cheers and whistles. Another set of hands started playing with her exposed breasts, squeezing and tugging on them as though milking a cow.

Finally the spanking started again and Angela squealed and yelled insults at her giggling guests.

This girl was spanking her much slower but she made sure her swats counted for more. She was hitting much harder than the first girl and Angela's buttocks quivered enticingly as each spank struck her.

"Those dark shadows under her eyes are so going to get darker after tonight" said another girl in the crowd.

"Yeah, I'm going to enjoy fucking that huge butt of hers" replied another girl, causing Angela to gasp in shock and trepidation as she overheard the comment. The girls laughed at her reaction as another girl took over the duties of giving Angela her birthday spanking.

Finally when all the girls had given her butt a good whack she was allowed to stand up. Angela's hands moved swiftly to her bright red buns and rubbed them tentatively. Angela groaned as she felt the soreness and assessed the damage. She was not going to be able to sit down for another week based on how it felt at the moment.

Tamara wiped the icing off Angela's face with a washcloth, making sure to rub hard and get everything off. She got rid of Angela's party hat as well while her younger sister informed the girls of the next party game.

"Ok girls, up next we have a session of pin the tail on the donkey. Any guesses on who's going to be the donkey?" asked Nikki with a wide grin on her face.

"Angie!!" yelled all the girls and cheered enthusiastically.

"Oh come on, why don&#8217;t you all go away" said Angela as she pouted and glared at the giggling girls.

"Shut it party pooper" said Nikki and promptly flicked Angela's nipple in response, which earned her a particularly nasty glare from the birthday girl.

Tamara grabbed one of the bags which the girls had brought with them and took out a big pair of donkey ears which she attached on Angela's head with a wink. Angela pouted and gave her a cold look in response while the girls giggled around her.

"She makes a perfect donkey" said one of the girls in the crowd and they all laughed in agreement.

Tamara gave Angela a sweet smile and grabbed her hands and folded them behind her so that Angela's wrists were against her elbows and tucked behind her back. Using a roll of duct tape, Tamara taped Angela's wrists to her elbows, effectively binding her. The next item she pulled out of the bag got all the girls cheering.

"What the hell is wrong with you? Seriously?" asked Angela in sudden outrage at the sight of the item in Tamara's hands. It looked like a donkey's tail but had an 8 foot dildo attached to the other side of it.

"You better not be using that. Don&#8217;t be stupid. I'm going to tell your mother" said Angela sternly, her whiney voice full of outrage and annoyance.

Tamara took out her cell phone and snapped a picture of Angela.

"Your pictures are going to your office and everywhere else if I want it that way sugar plum" said Tamara with a voice dipping with sweetness but her eyes were cold and Angela knew she wasn't joking.

Tamara took out a tube of KY jelly next from the bag and the girls cheered loudly.

"Yeah girls, you know where to fix her tail" said Tamara with a laugh.

Having never engaged in anal sex before, Angela was actually unaware of what the KY jelly was for and she expected the donkey's tail to go into her pussy. So when Tamara applied some KY jelly on her finger and advanced on her she didn't know what to expect.

Tamara grabbed Angela by her ear and spun her around. 

"Oww, hey stop that" complained Angela but no one paid her any attention.

Nikki grinned and reached for Angela's butt cheeks and spread them open using her thumbs, exposing Angela's asshole to the wolf whistles from the girls. Tamara applied the KY jelly at the entrance of Angela's puckered anus and giggled when Angela jumped in surprise.

"What&#8217;s wrong with you girls? The party is over, go home" said Angela in annoyance and panic.

Tamara just tweaked Angela's nipples in response and took out more donkey's tail dildoes from her bag and started passing them around until all the grinning girls had one each.

"Ok girls, first one to fix the tail on the donkey gets the first round with her in the bedroom" announced Nikki to applause from the others.

"As for you Angie, its time to run" said Tamara with a smile.

Angela glanced briefly at Tamara hoping she was joking but it was apparent that she wasn't. Quickly getting the hint, Angela ran as fast as her short legs could carry her, wobbling a bit as her arms were taped behind her back, upsetting her balance. She sped towards the back of her large house and decided that her large backyard might give her the best opportunity of finding a good hiding place. 

Angela managed to open the back door with one of her bound hands and slid outside quietly, shutting the door behind her. Her bare feet made no sound as she hurried along the well maintained grass behind her house. She looked around in panic for a place to hide but none seemed likely to keep her hidden. Finally she caught sight of a reasonably large cardboard box which her parents were planning to discard. She waddled towards it as quickly as she could and stepped into it. The box was a bit too small for her but she was starting to hear noises coming from the house and it was too late to find another hiding place. She squeezed herself into the box, finding it an exceptionally tight fit. Somehow she managed to close the top of the box by flipping the cardboard pieces with her nose.

The lid of the cardboard box fell closed just in time as a couple of girls stormed out of the house and ran into the backyard.

"Hey little birthday girl, come out to play" said one of the girls in a coaxing yet sarcastic voice as she edged around the backyard looking out for any signs of movement.

"Little donkey, needs to put her tail on" said the other girl in a tone mirroring her friend.

Angela chose that exact moment to adjust slightly in her box, trying to get a bit more comfortable in the cramped space.

One of the girls saw the box move and grinned in anticipation. She tiptoed towards the box quietly so that Angela had no idea what was going on. With a sudden swoop she opened the lip of the box and yelled "BOO".

Angela shrieked in surprise and tried to kick out in shock but she was stuck inside her little box.

"Oh no, oh no" blabbered Angela in panic as the grinning girl put her hands into the box and started pushing Angela further into it and folding her body into a different angle.

Angela yelled and yelped in shock as her legs started cramping up a bit as she was maneuvered into an unusual angle by the giggling girl.

Finally Angela found herself upside down and pressed into the box. The highest part of her was her large ass. The other girls had all gathered around to watch by then and they cheered as their friend ceremoniously spread Angela's ass cheeks to expose her tight little asshole. She placed her dildo against the birthday girl's virgin asshole and pressed down hard. Angela shrieked in an unusually high pitched tone as the girls laughed in unison.

The girl pushed the dildo slowly and meticulously against Angela's asshole which was proving to be stubbornly tight. Her persistence paid off as the dildo finally slipped past the defenses of Angela's tight sphincter. Angela screamed and yelled bloody murder as the dildo was pushed further and further into her tight asshole until finally the donkey tail was fixed firmly into her tight hole.

Angela was pulled out of the cardboard box and placed in the center of the circle of giggling girls. She glared around at the giggling girls angrily as hot tears flowed down her cheeks. She looked a strange sight with the donkey ears on her head and donkey tail attached to her asshole. Her hair was disheveled and the girls noted that her big nipples were long and hard, poking out at them enticingly. 

Angela bawled and cursed loudly but the sound that came out was muffled. Her head was buried into a pillow as one of the girls fucked her in the ass with a strap on. The girls were taking it in turns to fuck her in all three holes and getting her to go down on them. Finally after many hours passed, the girls were done and Angela drifted off to sleep.

All the girls left in twos or threes until Tamara was the last one left in the house. She smiled at the sight of the naked birthday girl, sprawled on her bed, fast asleep and turned out the lights. As she closed the door, she paused briefly and whispered, "Happy Birthday Angie" before shutting the door.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Daze_Earth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





