BDSM Library - Guilty Pleasure




Guilty Pleasure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Anne needs it desperately. Since her Master has left she hasn't been dominated the way she needs. So she looks for it in a place her Master once took her to.






Guilty pleasure

Hesitantly Anne turned into the seedy street. With a shudder of pleasure she remembered the first time she had been here, but then her Master had accompanied her, had taken her here. Now, alone the anticipation was mixed with apprehension.
"How much for a quick blowjob?" a rough voice close to her ear asked.
Out of the corner of her eye she saw a well-dressed fat man walking next to her. She hurried on. She wasn't a streetwhore.
Or was she? The offer had shocked her, but it had also left a host of butterflies trying to escape from her pussy. Up ahead she saw the lights of the cinema. The butterflies moved to her stomach. For a moment she shortened her strides and considered turning around. But then she would have to walk past the fat guy again and he might take that for an offer.
Who am I kidding? She thought. I want this. I need this.
The entrance of the cinema showed brightly lit posters of women with just their pussies covered by stickers. She knew that inside the same posters would be displayed with any obstruction. She turned into the entrance.
A long-haired guy in a crumpled t-shirt looked at her from the ticket box. Seeing her he licked his lips.
"One ticket, please," she breathed.
"One movie or the full evening?"
"The full evening, please."
"You sure seem to need it, honey," he smirked while he pushed her ticket over and took her money.
Inside the foyer she did not see the same posters after all. Here the women's pussies were filled with cocks, dildos and other things. And so were their mouths and backsides. But she did not have the time to look at them closely, because she found a dozen heads turning and unashamedly staring at her. A few wolf-whistles made her cringe. All the visitors were male, of course. Who else would go to a porn cinema? She nearly turned and left, but instead she fled through the nearest door and found herself in one of the half-dozen dark cinema rooms.
"Suck my cock, bitch!"
She started and whirled around, then had to smile at herself. On the screen a stacked blonde was going down on a huge black cock, while another man was mounting her from behind. The room seemed to be empty and she was on the verge of leaving again, when the man on the screen slapped the woman's ass.
"That bitch needs to be taught a lesson before she gets the cockmeat she craves," he drawled. "Let's stripe the whore's ass."
Fascinated now she watched. This was what she needed. Since her Master had had to let her go, when he moved to another city, she had not had the kind of sex she craved, rough, harsh, dominant, humiliating. She watched the blonde having her ass whipped, while the black grabbed her head and started fucking her face until she gasped and gagged. Leaning against the wall Anne slipped her hand under her jacket to grab her breasts and squeeze her nipples. She remembered Master fucking her mouth just like the man on the screen did and tried to feel the bite of the whip on her ass. 
"Owww, the stupid cunt bit me." The black grabbed the woman's hair, pulled her head back and slapped her face a few times.
"I'm sorry, Sir, please let me continue to serve your magnificent cock again," the blonde sobbed.
"Lick my balls, cunt. I'll have your sister suck me off later."
Anne felt her pussy tingling and slipped one hand under her skirt to rub her pussy, naked under the short garment.
"Ahhhhhh," she moaned. She had brought herself off so often in these last two months, but this felt much more intense.
"Enjoying yourself, whore?" said a new voice.
Anne looked at the screen, but there were only the two men doing the blonde.
"You like what they are doing to that bitch, don't you? In fact you'd love to have it done to you."
Anne whirled. The voice was coming from the back of the room, which had been in darkness. But now her eyes accustomed to the low light, she could see the vague outline of a man sitting there. And she was standing near the screen with her every move clearly visible. She jerked her hands away from her body. In the darkness the man chuckled.
"That's right. Bitches like you should play with their cunts. When they get horny, they should offer themselves to men. After all that is what they are for, servicing cocks, aren't they?"
Anne kept quiet torn between the urge to run and the fascination of being spoken to like that. For a moment there was only the moaning from the screen.
"Ahhh, you know you are supposed to keep your mouth shut, except to take a cock in it. Good. Come here and get down on your knees. NOW!"
Anne's started at the sharp command and with their own volition her legs started walking. The itch to rub her pussy grew stronger and she did not know if it was shame or obedience that stopped her. When she arrived in the back row she remained standing. For a moment the man just watched her, then his hand shot out and reached under her skirt. She gasped with lust when she felt the rough touch, then gasped with pain when her grabbed one of her pussylips and pinched it hard.
"I told you to kneel, bitch."
She waited for half a second savouring the pain, the lowered herself to her knees. The hand left her pussy, but a moment later she felt it grab her nose and pull her face up. She smelt herself on the fingers. The man made her look into his eyes. He was wearing a dirty t-shirt and a sort of dirty military jacket. His unkempt hair hung down to his shoulders and his face looked unwashed. His eye stared at her cooly.
"We both know what you need, bitch," he hissed. "So don't pretend otherwise. I'll give you five seconds to get out. After that I'll treat you just the way a cheap whore like you deserves."
The hand released her nose and they just stared at each other. Both knew she would not be leaving, but the man gave her the full five seconds before asking.
"You want to suck my cock?"
Anne gulped.
"Yes, Sir."
"Then earn the privilege. Get down, take off my shoes and lick my feet."
Anne lowered herself and untied the dirty trainers the man was wearing. His socks were filthy and full of holes. When she had the shoes and socks off the smell was overpowering and her head jerked back. The man laughed.
"If my feet were clean, I would not allow a filthy slut like you to lick them. But you need to be reminded what you are good for. Now get started."
Anne bit her lips and lowered her head to the floor. The stench was bad enough but the taste made her want to throw up. But at the same time she felt the heat in her pussy. Yes, that was what she was good for, licking sweaty feet of strangers in a porn cinema. 
"Don't forget between the toes. I'm sure you will enjoy that."
She pushed her tongue into the crevasses and cleaned the strangers feet as she had cleaned her Master's feet so often. 
"Enough. Come up!"
She raised her body off the floor and looked straight at the stranger's erect cock. Almost hungrily she opened her mouth and moved to engulf it. A slap stopped her.
"Let's see your cunt and ass first. Strip!"
She hesitated only for a second and half a minute later was kneeling on the dirty floor stark naked.
"Much better. Sluts should always be naked when the service a guy. Now lick my balls."
The man's balls were hairy and smelt of sweat, cum and urine. She licked them eagerly hoping only to be allowed to feel his cock in her mouth soon. Or better yet in her pussy. Or at least his hand there. Anyone's hand.
She heard the door swing open and automatically tried to move away to hide between the seats, but the stranger grabbed her hair and held her in place.
"Hey guys, I have something better than jerking off over a movie. Come here and fuck this cocksucking bitch."
Yes, yes, yes. She did not even know how many there were, did not know what they looked like, but that thought drove her crazy. Being fucked by men she had never even seen, available to all comers, yes. She felt someone kneel behind her and grab her pussy. She moaned.
"That slut is dripping," The unknown man grinned.
"Then don't fuck her cunt. Use her ass. I don't want her to come any time soon."
The man behind her obeyed apparently thinking the man she was licking was her Master. She felt a hand scooping some of her cuntslime out and coating her asshole, then she screamed when the hard cock entered her back hole. Her eyes went wide when she saw the man in front of her grabbing his cock and starting to rub himself off. She redoubled her efforts licking his balls, while her ass was pounded. It did not last long before the man behind her grunted and she felt him filling her ass with his spunk. The feeling of emptiness did not last long, as the next man entered her stretched asshole almost immediately and resumed the hard fucking.
The man in the seat took his time enjoying her tongue and watching her being assfucked by more and more men. Some of them pulled out and shot their load on her ass, others filled her already dripping asshole. Then suddenly her ass remained empty. The hand in front of her moved faster and suddenly her head was jerked away from the balls she had licked for so long and she felt long strands of cum spurting in her face. The man came and came until her face was covered in his juice. Then he pushed her away and got up. He zipped himself up.
"I need a beer. Don't you dare touch your filthy cunt."
Without a further word he left leaving Anne naked and covered in cum on the floor. She lay there breathing roughly and thinking only of cock, hoping someone would come in and fuck her aching pussy. It seemed to take forever until the door opened again and she heard steps.
"Hey, you!"
She turned over onto her back and saw the ticket guy grinning down at her. He fumbled with his zipper. Anne immediately spread her legs inviting him into her hot pussy. He stepped between her legs and pulled out his cock. A moment later a hot stream off piss hit her face. Methodically he moved his cock to cover every inch of her body in his piss. When he finally reached her pussy Anne gasped. He held the stream on her clit for only a few seconds, but it was enough. 
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS," Anne screamed, when her long-awaited orgasm hit her. "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS."
The guy grinned down at her, then spit in her face before he left. Anne felt hot and cold at the same time, utterly humiliated and utterly sated. This had been a lot worse than she had feared and a lot better than she had hoped. She felt too weak to move.
When the door opened again, it was the man in the military jacket.
"Get up, bitch, there is more work for you."
She pulled herself to her feet. He slipped a bit of rope around her neck and pulled her towards the exit. She made a belated move towards her discarded clothes.
"Stop that, a fuckanimal like you does not need clothes. My friends under the bridge will glady let you share their bodyheat."
He pulled roughly on the rope and slapped her tits when she stumbled against him.
"We will have a lot of fun with you, bitch. And we may even let you come occasionally."
He walked towards the back door and naked and leashed Anne followed her new owner out into the night.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





