BDSM Library - One last romp




One last romp
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A pari of women looking for more out of their one night stand.






I stared at him, and he just had no idea. He really didn't. He wasn't really a bad sort, for a young, and he had been a pretty good fuck all in all. I had scratched his back as he had pumped into me, and I had made the noises as he had got me off. I like a hot male, and when they are young and strong and well built, like he was, it made the fucking a lot better. He had a cute face, with short, sexy hair and the perfect body to match. Still, after I had let him fuck me he had been fairly easy to get tied down, and by the time he figured out it wasn't a game it was way too late for him. 

His cock was hanging down now, spent, his balls empty where he had squirted out his load and dumped it into my pussy painting my womb with his seed. He had wanted to use his rubber, but I talked him out of it, telling him I was oh-so-clean and on the pill. The first part of that was true of course, but the second was a lie. I wanted his wad, and maybe if I was lucky Marsha and I would finally get our child. 

I had let her in a few minutes ago, and she was playing with his dime-sized nipples now, holding his limp dick and whispering in his ear. The knots I had tied him with were tight, and he was spread eagled, face up and lying across his hotel bed, trying to figure things out. Like most males that have had their fuck, he was ready to go, to leave and be on with the activities of his day. Of course, there would be a change of plans for him, and by the time he got out of his room he'd be a little less of a man than he was right now. 

With that thought, I stared at his big sac, his twin sperm makers within it hanging down and loose, oh-so-satisfied and now hanging relaxed and happy. He had really grunted when he ejaculated, and at the time his body had been covered with sweat. He was still glistening from his fuck, and there was stench in his armpits that was permeating. He had the face of a young man, and it was shaved smooth and his blue eyes sparkled. Marsha was running her hand over his flat stomach, feeling the ripples of his muscles and toying with a few strands of blond hair that rose upward towards his belly button. 

I went to him, and opened my purse, pulling out the two foot long piece of surgical tubing. His eyes went wide when he saw it, but before he could say anything Marsha stuffed a ball gag into his mouth. I cupped his bulge gently, and examined his assets. I like a man's hard body tied down and ready to cut. I kissed the end of his cock good bye until he had grown so stiff that an eager erection had grown. At that point he was effectively gagged and shivering in fear of the procedure. The boy suddenly looked a lot paler than he did before, and I think at that moment he knew something bad was about to happen. Well, 'tough luck' I say, and I gave him a wink. As I did, I reached down and grabbed his sac of nuts, and then, tugging on his balls, I drew his attention from the gag and back where it needed to be. 

I fondled his big scrotum in my soft hands. As I did, I looked at Marsha and then I said "He's got a fat sac....and a nice set of nuts within it seems almost a shame to take them." 

That got his attention, and his eyes went wide, and as contemplated my words his body stiffened and he started to struggle. Marsha burst out laughing. She leaned over and gave me a kiss, and then she said: "Yeah....he does seem fond of them. Too bad I guess. I hope he enjoyed it when he fucked you. Look on the bright side your seed will live one." 

We took a few minutes out then and shaved him, taking his pubic hair and making his balls smooth. When you cut a man and take his balls it's important to get rid of the hair first, as any first year surgical student knows. Of course, he didn't like it one bit, although as Marsha worked the cream over his nuts and I stroked him with the razor his cock grew stiff and eager. I still think that is always amazing, how most men, when you are about to take their balls, will grow stiff and hard and excited. You would think instead their cocks would shrink in fear, but they don't, and I've nutted enough men now to know. 

Marsha climbed up on top of him then, and turned around and faced him, so he could stare at her tits and she could watch his expression as I took his balls. Next time it would be her turn, and then mine again after that. With her weight on his stomach he couldn't do much, and even when he tried to struggle and to buck his hips he could tell it was a waste of time. 

The rest of it was pretty easy. I took the surgical tubing, and made the knot around his nuts, at the top of his sac and up close against his body. When I was finished I didn't want him to have anything left of his sac of balls but a memory. I then stretched out the rubber, way out, and then wrapped it around and around his nuts, keeping the rubber stretched out as I pulled it tight. Finally, I slipped it under itself, and then let it go. As it snapped back and the rubber tried to shrink back into its non-stretched length, the boy grunted and his nuts flushed red. The tubing was an effective tourniquet, and as the blood nourishment to his balls ended the boy's entire sac darkened. 

I could tell it hurt, and he tried to buck his hips and after that he was just screaming into his gag. He had a lot of questions of course, and he'd have to figure out the answers on his own. He knew by now we were going to unman him, and he fought and struggled then with a desperation that only a man being castrated can truly understand. Up and down he jerked his body, trying to thrust his hips and somehow shake his bonds. Of course, the tie of rubber that was noosing his nuts was hurting like hell, and his eyes were wide and he kept shaking his head side to side in desperation. 

Marsha rode him up and down, her big tits bouncing as he struggled, the boy staring at them in spite of what was being done to him. I guess he couldn't help it. Even then, as I was about to unman him, his eyes lingered on her tits and his cock stiffened.&nbsp; 

I reached back into my purse, and pulled out the blade. We always use a small fillet knife, and I showed it to him. When he saw it his eyes got so big they looked like saucers and after that he screamed into his gag continuously, grunting out his protests. His big cock was quivering all over again, a raging boner that jutted, as he was a man in heat. I laughed at it, and that is when I said "Marsha...you ought to see this! This one's rock hard---I guess losing his balls really turns him on!" 

His cock was really impressive, and every vein was distended on his pole. The end of his dick was big and round and purple, the very tip of it anointed with a bead of pre-ejaculatory fluid. It was hard to believe he had just fucked me fifteen minutes before. Well, I can assure you I've never seen a stiffer man, and as it jutted up from his smooth groin, it almost looked out of place. He was oh-so-smooth, and yet his cock was so stiff it was as hard as apiece of steel. Marsha looked over her shoulder, and saw it, and then she grinned, her eyes lighting up as she stared at the size of it. Without a word, she lifted herself up on her knees and slid backwards, spreading her legs to accommodate it and enjoying the opportunity it presented at the same time. 

As she slid downward over his pole, she said "No sense in letting a hard cock go to waste." 

The boy's expression changed as she took in his cock, and then, when he was buried inside her to his balls, she slowly began to lift upward with her knees, only to fall down again a few seconds later. Up and down, she rode him, up and down, giving the boy his final fuck and treating him to one last pussy before I ended his life as a man. Marsha rarely let the men we castrated fuck her, so it was a treat to see and I could tell she was enjoying herself. She was running her tongue around her lips, and her two hands were pinching the boy's nipples, tweaking them, as she rode his pole and felt his quivering cock bulging inside of her. 

I set the blade up against the top of his scrotum, just underneath the tightly wrapped tubing. My right hand held the knife, and my left hand pulled downward on his balls. Then I waited. Marsha was into it, feeling him, riding his cock and savoring his hardness. The boy was still trying to jerk his legs together, and he pulled against the ropes that tied his arms out. I know he could feel the blade and my tug on his nuts. He knew the knife was there, set in place, and waiting, waiting for him and for IT and for everything to happen. I leaned over to watch his expression, and his eyes moved from her tits to my face, and as he saw me, and felt the blade in my hands, I know that he knew, KNEW, that as soon as he came it was going to happen. 

Marsha increased the pace, and rode his cock like a woman in need. Faster and faster and faster, she slid up and down over his pole, ramming it into her body like a cylinder accommodates a piston. Up and down, up and down, riding his cock and savoring every inch of it. She cried out, and started to cum, and as she did the boy too shuddered, his eyes wide as the contractions within his nuts racked his body. He ejaculated into her then, filling her pussy as he had filled mine, dumping his second load of cream deep into her vagina. As he was doing that, squirting out his final load of jism, he came with such force that some of his spunk spilled out around the base of his pulsating cock. 

Marsha's muscles tightened around his dick, gripping his pole, and that's when I nutted him. I jerked my hand, with a slight sawing motion, and as I did, I heard the boy scream into his gag. He felt it all; felt her pussy, felt the blade, felt the cut and the slice and the sawing motion as the sharp blade of my knife sliced through the essence of his manhood. It didn't take that long, and then it was done. He squirted more of his wad as I nutted him, dumping his cream into Marsha perhaps in some last desperate and primal need to try to fertilize something. Who can say for sure? All I know is his entire body shuddered as I took his balls, and then, once it was done, he just collapsed, his unmanned eyes rolling back in his head. 

I dropped his severed scrotum into a plastic bag, and then put it into my purse to add to our collection. The boy's balls were big, and his two nuts were literally quivering inside of it, still alive for the moment, even though they were mine now instead of his. After that, we cleaned up our stuff and left his hotel room. There was only a spot of blood between his legs, and his soft noodle was hanging limp before we walked out the door. Marsha ripped gag and took his underpants. She has a thing about a man's briefs, and likes to wear them later to savor the memory once he's been castrated. As for the boy, in some ways he looked the same as he had, except of course he was no longer a man. One thing I noticed was that he looked a lot younger. In fact, with his nuts gone and without his pubic hair he looked like a ten year old. He was definitely a changed man. I had the thought that without his balls his pubic hair probably would not grow back. That made me giggle, and Marsha joined me as I laughed. Nine months later gave birth to a pair of little boys that were as gifted as their father.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Darkproxy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





