BDSM Library - Master's Sissy Baby Boi




Master's Sissy Baby Boi
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A man enslaves another man into a baby slave to live along with his other male (bizarre) slaves in his personal fetish kingdom.






I was a 33 year old insurance salesman, always looking to improve myself. Divorced, I was looking to make a move to advance my career. I made a number of overtures and finally settled on an offer across the country. I travelled to the new town with all of my possessions in tow and met up with the man who would be my new boss. He'd said to meet at a local motel, which he was using as an office while his business was being remodelled. He said he'd get me a room to live in until I was settled. 

When I knocked on the door to the makeshift office, the door was opened by an incredibly large man. He was 6'7" and probably weighed about 275 pounds, all muscle, I guesses since he was dressed in a leather vest (no shirt) and skintight, shiny leather pants. Being a small guy myself (5'4", 115 pounds), I was intimidated by the man and by his dress was wondering what was going on. What kind of insurance did this guy sell?

I didn't have long to wonder because the man grasped me and forced me into the room, where he held me down and forced the contents of a syringe into my arm. I blacked out. When I awoke, I realized I was in the back of a moving van. I was caged in a dog carrier, locked. My arms were cuffed behind my back and cuffed to my bound ankles. A ball gag was in my mouth. 

We drove for what had to be 10 hours, the man never spoke to me the entire time. He chainsmoked those long, brown More cigarettes and drank coffee. Finally, after hours of nightfall, we arrived at a house where he pulled into the driveway, opened the garage door and drove in. He easily pulled my carrier out and carried me into the house, where a another large man was waiting. 

For the first time since the motel, the man spoke to me, introducing me to the man, who he said was my pediatrician. I was removed from the carrier, unbound and placed on a table in a basement that served as a dungeon by the looks of it. All kinds of torture devices were in it. One wall had file cabinet-sized drawers built into it. In each of the corners hung cages with a naked man bound inside each one.

My pediatrician and the man strapped me securely to the table and stood over me. The doctor began to hypnotize me and suddenly I was in a trace. I was snapped out of it and have no memory of what happened when I was under. The men each kissed me fully on the lips and then I was drugged again and was out.

When I awoke, I felt like I had been under for several days. I was laying in an adult sized baby crib. I was covered in a lacy baby blanket with red hearts all over it that said, "My heart belongs to Daddy". I lifted the blanket and it seemed to weigh a ton. I was dressed in a frilly, pink baby doll nightie. I had on pink, frilly socks. I wore pink mittens over my hands. My legs and arms were hairless and my skin felt ultra sensitive. I looked around the room. I saw a baby's changing table, but it was adult-sized. There were pink dressers and I saw an open closet full of frilly baby party dresses that looked to be in my size. On the walls, under pink and white striped wallpaper, were a number of framed pictures. One had the purple Teletubbie waving. Another had Barbie. Several had naked, muscular men. One right above my bed contained two footprints in my size and next to it said, "Baby David" (My name is David) and it had my measurements printed out.

I realized I was wearing a diaper and also felt the diaper was full of my piss and shit and from my slumber, the shit had spread all over! The man walked into the room and towered over the crib and lifted me out quite easily. He grasped me in his big arms and kissed me on the lips. "How's my new baby girl doing today." he smiled and said. Finally at this point I started to protest and asked what happened to me. But I had trouble finding the right words to say. Then when I found them, my voice was highpitched and sounded like a tiny girl's. Plus I had a fierce stutter. "Shhh! Hush, baby!" he said. The hypnosis had destroyed my vocabulary and given me the stutter, he explained. Surgery had given me the new petite girl voice. He laid me on the changing table and proceeded to clean off my dirty diaper. 

He stripped the nightie off me and placed a mirror before me. First of all, my lips were swelled up to about 5 times there normal size. I was totally hairless, even on my face, where I always had a five o'clock shadow and heavy eyebrows and even in my genital area and even on my head. My skin was glowing pink. He explained that I would never have hair grow on my body again. He also said my skin was sensitive as it probably felt and that this was for a reason and suddenly he grabbed my two wrists in one of his huge hands and began belting my ass with his other hand. Each blow rained on my ass like the sting of a million scorpions, the heat of two red hot brands and the pain of a ton bricks falling on it. 

I collapsed in shrieks and tears; this was by fair the worst pain I'd ever experienced in my life! My ass throbbed with terrifying pain each second, even when he finished it continued. I was crying, screaming and moaning utter gibberish. It took one hour before the pain subsided to a level where I didn't cry out in terror.

He watched me the whole time, an amused look for his face. He sat and smoked his long, brown More cigarettes. When he placed his hand on his leg, you could see the reflection of the cigarette on his shiny, skintight pants. I was still crying, but subdued. He explained that that was an example of how I would be punished if I didn't behave "like a girl little baby girl." He then undid my mittens, which revealed that my thumbs had been amputated and my remaining fingers had been sewn together.

He went on to explain that I was now totally and forever incontinent of bowel and bladder. He told me to sit up and I tried but couldn't maintain my balance and kept falling to me side. I realized now how weak I felt. He picked me up and placed me standing on the floor. He let out of my arms and told me to walk across the room. I took two unsteady steps and fell on my ass. I tried again and failed again. "Good," he said aloud, but to himself.

He picked me up and laid me on the table, placing a new diaper on me. He covered this with pink rubber panties and frilly pink satin panties. He dressed me in a red skipper dress with a huge white square collar that had roses on each corner. A white band was placed on my bald head with a huge red bow that sat on top. Then he replaced my socks with frilly white ones and a pair of white patent leather maryjanes. He carried me to the kitchen where an adult sized highchair sat in the middle of the room.

I was strapped into the highchair and as he started to prepare my breakfast, I looked on the floor in the corner and almost shrieked in surprise at what I saw. A naked man was sleeping soundly in a dog bed. His arms had been amputated at the elbows and legs at the knees and big flesh paws were grafted at the end of each. Like me he was totally hairless. A flesh tail protrouded from the bottom of his back. A thick leather collar was around his neck and a chain from it was teathered to a big eyehook in the wall. A dog dish of food and water lay before the bed.

"I see you noticed Fido," the man said, "I know little girls love doggies. Don't worry sweetheart, you'll have plenty of time to play with him!"

On the table in front of me I watched in horror as he prepared my breakfast. He started with an empty food processor. Into this he poured cod liver oil and a can of spinach, along with several prunes. He emptied an ashtray full of his More cigarette butts into it. Then he put the processor on a chair, undid his pants and proceeded to fill the processor with a huge shit. As he whipped this in the processor, he filled a baby bottle halfway with Pedialyte formula and then pissed in it to fill it to the top.

He placed a big bib on me and smiled as he presented the smelly mush and bottle onto the highcahir tray. "Now be a good girl for Daddy and eat it all up," he said, "I don't want to have to paddle your bottom again!" That was all he had to say; I would eat all of it, nothing was worse that the pain he had inflicted on my ass. It still was throbbing.

I ate it all and I drank everything in the bottle. I held it in. Then he grabbed his leather jacket and picked me up and put a quilted pink plastic little girls winter coat on me. He put matching mittens on my now-worthless hands. He picked me up in his arms and kissed my fats lips. "Baby go bye byes?!" he said.

I was placed in a babyseat in the back of his car and strapped in. He placed a pacifier in my mouth and we headed off. We soon arrived at a tattoo parlor and piercing studio. He removed an adult-sized stroller from the truck and put me into it and took me into the studio.

Inside the studio, a slightly overweight teenage girl was nursing a Capri 120 and talking on the phone. She had three hoops on one side of her nose and a spiked mohawk. On the sides of her head were elaborate tattoos. She hung up as soon as she saw us and shouted, "So, Mark, this is little baby David!"

I was taken to a back room where the girl, Josie, began to pierce me as per Mark's instructions. Gold hoops went into my nipples and belly button and the middle of my nose. Studs in my ears and sides of my nose. After Josie finished, a man with tattoos all over came in and worked on my skin with his needle.

Several hours later, the back of my neck permanently said "Daddy's little girl". My arm had a big heart on it with the "My Heart Belongs to Daddy" words just like my blanket.

On the way out of the store, Josie handed Mark a giant clear bag full of her Capri 120s butts. "Oh, baby," he said to me, "I bet you're just licking your lips waiting to eat these!"

He strapped me back into the car and off we went again. We pulled into the parking lot of a Sears. He put me in my stroller and began pushing me through the parking lot. I heard murmurs and gasps as people began to stare, then laughter as groups formed, watching me. We went inside and headed for the toy department, where he selected a baby doll for me. We went through the checkout to pay for it and I couldn't wait to escape from the crowds watching and laughing at me. 

But he had other plans as we headed to the Portrait Studio, where gasping clerks were told by Mark that he wanted an Infant's Package. So I was photographed in baby poses with infant-style backgrounds and Mark was beaming like an actual newborn's father. It was while posing that I dirtied my diaper and the smell soon enough became evident to Mark and the photographer. Mark carried me to a restroom, laid me on the floor and changed me. He instructed me to say something to the photographer when we reappeared and so, as told, I stammered out a "Daddy made poppies go bye bye!" to the man who was a few years younger than I. The photographer stifled a laugh, but throughout the rest of the photo studio you could hear the teenaged girls working the counter laughing heartily.

Finally, we headed home. At home, Daddy took off my coat and mittens and exclaimed over how nice my tattoos and piercings were, kissing me on the lips several times. He carried me into living room and placed me in a playpen with my new dolly. He sat and lit one of his More cigarettes. It was then that I noticed the man on the floor next to Daddy. He was heavily bound to bars that held him upward, but his head was facing the ceiling. A tube came out of his belly button to a sealed glass container that held his waste. His mouth was fitted around a round metal device that held it open. On his neck was a thick dog collar and on it it said, "Andy Ashtray". Daddy frequently flicked his ashes into Andy's mouth before finishing and grounding the brown cigarette out on Andy's tongue.

Daddy picked me up out of the crib and sat me on the floor in front of him. He undid his trousers and suddenly his gigantic dick was in my face. "Now, princess," he said, "I know you noticed those big juicy lips I gave you. I call them DSL's: Dick sucking lips." My eyes grew big and he laughed and said, "That's right, sweetie! This is going to be your favorite pacifier! And if I feel your little baby teeth once, it's spanky time!"

He instructed me all the way, first kissing his cock, then sucking on the knob. Slowly he went deeper into my mouth. And within a few minutes, his hands were on the back of my head and he was forcefully fucking my face. After 10 long minutes, he came and he pulled back, so the river of cum laid in my mouth. "That's nutrition, sweetie," he said, "swallow it all." I did what Daddy said.

By this time, Fido walked into the room on all fours and barked hello at his Master. Daddy patted him on his head and the mandog excitedly barked over and over. I guess the humiliation I'd just suffered in public, plus the degrading sexual act I'd just been forced to perform, plus the unreversable things he'd done to my body, plus seeing how he'd ruined another man and turned him into a dog, ...well, I just lost it and broke down and cried, my heaving sobs sounding like a little baby girl's. 

"Go ahead, princess," he said, "tell Daddy what's wrong. And remember, I'm your Daddy now and will be addressed as such or it'll be spankies." "Daddy, Daddy, why, why!?" I sobbed, "Why, Daddy, why?!"

He scooped me up in his massive arms and shushed me, wiping tears from my eyes as he kissed me fully on the lips. "I always wanted a baby girl just like you," he said, "and I waited until the right person came along and that person was you." Just then, a large deposit of poop hit my diaper, bulking up inside it and spreading across my ass and my groin. "Uh, oh!" he exclaimed, "Did my little princess go poopies?" "Yes, Daddy." I said, defeated. My only hope was that my family could somehow find me and rescue me, though I would always be a cripple because of the surgical enhancements Daddy had had made to my body.

"I know what will cheer you up, baby," he said, "You and your new dolly can have a tea party!" He carried me down to the basement, where he had set up a child's table with a baby sized tea set. He insisted that I talk the whole time, so I was forced to make small talk with a baby doll and play like a little girl. Meanwhile, the shit was speading further around my diaper and soon I could feel a rash developing.

Daddy, in the meantime, opened one of the drawers along the wall and a body fully wrapped up in duct tape like a mummy was inside. Daddy effortlessly lifted the stiff mummy out of the drawer and laid it on the same table where my surgeries had been performed. I could make out the mummy wriggling a bit as daddy strapped it to the table. He unpeeled layers of duct tape from across the mummy's face and I could make out what looked like a middle-aged man, crying uncontrollably. A tube ran from the man's nose into the tape around his neck. "Please, please, please!" the man said a million times. Daddy smiled at him and patted him on his duct taped covered head. Daddy took a razor and removed the duct tape from the man's legs and covered them with plastic that sealed to the skin. Suddenly he made a long cuts and sliced open the man's legs from foot to knee. Daddy whistled and smiled as he removed all of the bones from the man's legs and foots. The man howled in uncontrollable pain, passing out several times.

He aputated that man's legs as the man howled uncontrollably. And Daddy sealed the man's new stump up and duct taped it up. Then he kissed the man on the forehead and started to tape his face back up. He undid the straps and the man was convulsing and you could hear murmurred crying under the duct tape as Daddy lifted him back into the drawer, shutting it.

After Daddy scrubbed up, he changed my diaper but didn't put on new one on. He lifted me up and carried me upstairs to the kitchen, where I was again in the highchair. After a meal of baby bottle piss and purreed shit, Josie's Capri 120s butts, castor oil, spinach and prunes, I noticed Daddy had put my dirty diaper in the freezer. He cleaned me up and carried me into his bedroom, where I was laid on his bed.

Daddy stripped and then removed my clothes. He turned me over and inspected my now beaming diaper rashed-asshole with his finger. Suddenly he placed a dallop of vasoline on it and worked it around. Daddy walked around and his turgid dick was in my face. "Lick it, sweetie," he said. I licked the precum from his knob. Then he walked around, rolled me over again and proceeded to fuck my ass silly. 15 long minutes later, he came inside me, then he unleashed a gusher of piss in side me. Then he diapered me and put rubber panties on me.

We lay in bed and he frequently kissed me, telling me I was His forever. We fell asleep with me in his arms.

In the afternoon, a taxi pulled up to the house and three people got out and entered the house. They were all middle-aged men, but were dressed like teenaged female sluts. All three chainsmoked Virginia Slims Luxury Lights Menthol 120s and had matching tattoos that said "Mark's mark" on the back of their necks. Each bowed before Daddy and kissed his boots. They were introduced to me and made over me, kissing and touching me. Each pissed and shit into a big bowl, which Daddy promised me he was saving for my dinner. Each chainsmoked and shook while they were there. Then each gave Daddy $500 dollars. He took a needle and shot something into their arms. Then each got on their knees at Daddy's boots and praised him like someone in a church would. The three prayed aloud to Daddy and then kissed his boots. 

After they left, Daddy revealed another erection and I gave my second blowjob of the day. As his cum swirled in my mouth and I knew I'd be getting used to the taste of it, I filled my diaper with shit again.

Suddenly, Daddy told me I had a teenaged sister I was going to meet. He carried me up to the second floor and we walked down the hallway to a room. Daddy took a key from the ledge over the door and unlocked it and carried me into the room. A woman, probably in her early twenties, was sitting at a table. She wore a green metallic pleather mini skirt and a t-shirt that was sizes too small for her. The t-shirt had a picture of singer Christina Aguilera on it. The "girl" was busily smoking several Salem 100s. She had two in her mouth and one stuck in a tube in an opening in her throat. On the table were several cartons of Salem 100s and several loose packs. An ashtray overflowed. A pack of straws were on the table as was a big glass container. In the container was piss with a lot of spent Salem 100s butts floating in it and a big spoon. A camera was mounted on the corner of the room. The table and chair were the only furniture in the room, but an oversized doogie bed lay in another corner. In a third corner was one of those hospital bed pans and there was a great deal of shit in it. The windows in the room were covered completely by empty packs of Salem 100s. The only light in the room was a dim green bulb in the ceiling. Daddy introduced me to the girl. She moved the cigarette from her throat but left the two in her mouth. She spoke, in a voice that sounded like a robot, and said, "Salem 100s, Daddy. Salem 100s, I'm so happy to meet my baby sister. Salem 100s, baby. Salem 100s, Daddy has told me about you. Salem 100s, I love you, sis. Salem 100s, just a second,..." she said and in a single, long drag, she puffed half of the three cigarettes down and lit three more. She held then as she kissed me on the lips, then added, "Salem 100s, I love you baby sister." She kneeled before Daddy and kissed his boots then began to pray to him as she smoked her cigarettes.

Daddy carried me out of the room and locked the door behind him. I was fed a dinner of the whores' shit and other assorted gross stuff and carried to the basement. Daddy put me in my playpen and he removed the man with the amputated legs from his drawer. He undid the duct tape from the man's face&nbsp; and strapped him down to the table. Then he removed the duct tape from the man's arms and put the stucky plastic on it. He sliced and slowly removed the bones from the man's arms and hands, whistling cheerily as he worked. The man moaned in uncontrollable pain. Daddy finished amputating the man's arms and sealed up the nubs at the shoulders, then replaced the duct tape on them. Then he used fishing line to sew the man's lips shut. Then he replaced the duct tape over his face. Then he attached baby doll legs to the man's torso and arms to the shoulders. Then he sewed a plastic baby doll face to the man's head. He sewed on a Shirley Temple wig to the man's head. Then he put a gold lame baby doll dress on the man. He picked up the man and the arms and legs flapped about. He deposited the man in my playpen and said, "princess, Daddy made you a dolly to sleep with. This is winstina!" Daddy effortlessly carried us both upstairs and I shit myself again as we went up the stairs. I was now carrying two loads of shit and looked forward to Daddy changing me, but that didn't happen.

end part 1




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verna Benson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





