BDSM Library - Anabella slave




Anabella slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Anabella leaves her country to move in with her Master and owner.On her first day, she slowly learns what her life will be as an owned slave






I am Anabella and this is my first day as the owned slave of my Master Sir Michael.I flew over yesterday from Paris to enter into slavery.
It was a difficult and scary decision, to leave my country, but now I am here,with my Master.
He picked me up at the airport, and I knew immediately that I took the right decision, that I am at the right place, when I saw Him waiting for me and smiling at me.He gave me a kiss on my forehead and said: welcome my slave!
Of course I felt a bit fear, but He gently guided me to His car and as we drove away from the airport, He began to explain what this day of arrival would bring for me.So I knew what was awaiting me, when He stopped the car at the entrance of His property and ordered me to take away all clothes.
He bent me over the hood of His car and spread my thighs far apart, and He immediately mounted me from behind, plunging His huge Cock first deep in my cunt and after some strokes pulled out and armed for my tight ass, forcing Himself inside. The pain was strong although I had prepared my ass for Him, but I knew already that the Rules forbid to talk or to complain.Furiously He banged into me, or more truly into His slaves ass. I never fought, this was my destiny, I knew. When Master pulled His Cock out, I felt my ass wide open and burning, but I had no time to think about it as i was told to walk to the house keeping my legs spread as I was ordered.Master followed me by car.
I was shown the house,a very nice modern place, welcoming and comfortable and was ordered to take a shower and to come back to the living room naked when I was ready.I cleaned myself up and went downstairs.
Here you are, slave, He said. Kneel and look at me! Are you sure that you want to be my property, my owned slave, to serve me and obey me? Yes Master, I answered, I am sure, please let me be Your slave!
Then go and lay on that table, slave and spread your arms and legs!
 I did as ordered and laid on my back and when He came close to me, I saw steel blinking in His hands which He laid between my legs. 
 Thirty minutes later, he had sealed elegant but strong steel cuffs with one ring each around my ankles and wrists and one necklace with three rings around my neck.
These cuffs show that you are my slave, Ana, he said, they are sealed and you will keep them forever.
I nodded and thanked Master.Now, slave, I will tag your cunt, for you and me and the whole world to know who you belong to! Spread wider and hold your legs open!
Master pulled my cuntlips open. I wear one little ring at my clit and one in each&nbsp; innercuntlip. Master worked for a while on me with tools and I feel the rings pulled andpinced.When Master orders me to stand up a while later,i obey and as i look down at me ,i see a round silver tag hanging at my clit and another bigger silverplate on a chain between my legs. I feel that this plate hangs down from my left inner lip. Master shows both to me and I read: &lt;Anabella slave&lt; on one side of the clittag and I see a barcode on the other side. Master explains that the barcode and its number can be read by everyone with a simple iphoneand&nbsp; allows to read all informations about the slave on internet.Master says, that He will keep my website update with all news about my progress as a slave and any information about who fucked the slave and how etc.He said that slave Anabella is a fuckhole and that holes are things and things have barcodes nowadays. He explains that He does not want to be bothered to explain and describe His slave, He said, and that my legs were spread anyways all the time.
My second tag, the silverplate hangs between my thighs on a chain which reaches about half the thigh.iread:&lt;Property of Sir Michael P.&lt;on one side, and His phonenumber and mail address on the other side. If you are lost in this new country, open your legs, slave ,and you&#8217;ll be brought back home! You are not allowed to talk to strangers when I am not with you, slave!
I am tagged like a dog and all the truth about me hangs between my legs. There is nothing more to say or to ask. This is what I wanted, but still I feel humiliated. Barcoded!
Now slave, he said,I can see that you are my slave and you can feel it with every movement of yours!Bend over and spread! This hole must become more comfortable, he mumbled, when He thrushes His cock into my ass. Too tight, my muscles fight, but His hard Cock pushes his way through without minding my pain and discomfort.
I had no time to become used to be a slave, all went so fast but I am happy and scared at the same time while His huge Cock pistons my behind merciless. He pulls out and pushes in again and again until the hole is open enough to enter me without no more resistance. Property of Sir Michael, I think while I feel the chain with the silverplate dangling and pulling at my cuntlip. He pulled His cock out, enough for now, He said, find the kitchen and serve me a glass of wine, take one for you too, I will give you the rules of living then ,slave.
When I come back, walking with precaution, not used of course to the dangling tags between my legs, Master gives me my first lesson.
&#8216;Whenever you are in the same room as I, slave, you will come close to me and you will bend over ,spread your legs and present your holes. You will pull them open . This is the face that I want to see, from now on , your holes are your face for Me! Yes, Master, I said, as I presented my holes as ordered .Fuckhole, He said, when He pushed His huge Cock into my ass again. Some strokes later, Master pulls out again and orders me to lay over a small table in front of the sofa.He installs Himself on the couch and grabs His wine.He switches the TV on and watches some football , but no rest for me. A dildo is stuck into my ass which He actions, it seemed, with a long stick from his comfortable position. This is the hole I prefer, slave, He said, and it will soon be open and wide and gasping for My Cock. In some days, I promise, you will not remember how it feels to have an empty asshole .i have no doubt about that, I think, while I feel Master pushing the dildo in and out of me.
You may drink your wine, slave, He said, you will need to learn to continue doing things while being fucked! Listen well to Me! Your Master is not interested in what the slave feels or wants, if she likes or not. All duties have to be continued if not ordered differently.If you do the dishes and I fuck your holes, don&#8217;t waste your time.Master does not want your concentration or your pleasure, He wants your fuckholes. You don&#8217;t speak, you don&#8217;t moan, you don&#8217;t move your holes, keep the hole that your Master is fucking in position! The only sound Master wants to hear is the sound of His cock in your holes or throat! Is that understood, slave? I bowed my head and nodded without a word and listened to the sound of the dildo pounding my poor ass.
You must be tired, slave? Master asked me after a while,and pulled the dildo out of me. Yes Sir I nodded ,tired and sore Sir. Slave, learn that I am the only one who decides if your hole is sore!He brutally pushed His thumbs in me and pulled me open. Not sore, He decided. Slave learn this lesson, as He inspected me, but yes, you need some cream there. Hold your hole open!i obeyed and hoped for some comfort, but Master shove his thick hard cock in me again and fucked me wild ,pulling me back on Him by my tits which He held in firm grip .It took Him long to cum, mounting me with force and slapping his balls against my cunt with every stroke. When eventually He cummed in me I was half fainted but His hot cream in me was soft&nbsp; and gave some relief to my burning hole .
Enough for today, He said as He pulled out. Go upstairs, take a shower, brush your teeth, pee and lay on the small bed beside mine! Keep the cum inside you! Stuck a finger inside your ass, don&#8217;t you lose one drop , slave. Yes Sir I nodded and did as I was ordered. When I was finished in the bathroom, I laid down on a narrow bed beside one beautiful Kingsize.
That was your first day, slave, Master said while He spread my arms and legs and bound my cuffs to the waiting ropes. My arms were pulled far over my head and my legs were bound spread wide with my knees slightly bent. You will sleep in restraints until you have learned to keep your legs open all night. Open and available, I thought. Open and available He said, smiling at me .I&#8217;ll take a picture of you, slave, the first one for your website. I&#8217;ll note your progress and your fucking time for today.
Tomorrow morning, Master said, as He showed me a mouthspreader and laid it beneath my head, tomorrow morning, when I get up, I&#8217;ll free your hands and you will fix that spreader in your mouth fuckhole. No way to fuck your mouth without ,for the moment, until I am sure you can keep it open when I have my Cock between your teeth. You will lean to take Me without moving, without gagging. I simply want your mouth wide open and fuck your throat like any other hole.If you move, slave, you will be punished.But Master helps you while you learn. I&#8217;ll restrain your head tomorrow and until you are ready, to avoid that you can move away. When you have learned your lesson, slave, which I hope is very soon, your Master will be very satisfied when He can cum and empty His bladder every morning deep into your throat.
Sleep now, slave, He said, during He moved a tiny spotlight right between my legs. So I find my way, slave, He smiled when He switched off the light and closed the door behind Him.
I sighed, tired and sore and with a little idea what my life will be as a slave in this house. Suddenly the door opens again: Slave I forgot, don&#8217;t worry about My Cum in your ass .I&#8217;ll fuck it out of you this night! And the door closes again. 
The last thing I can think is about the spotlight between my open legs and I fall asleep.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Anabella


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





