BDSM Library -  the breaking of neha




 the breaking of neha
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Neha's our school head girl bitch. But she learns to respect seniors, the hard way....written in parts.....






Part I----------------------
I was just out of school and
waiting for results. it was summer
and most of my pals were off
holidaying. only me n my neighbour
ric (rishi) were left. 

it so happened that we had to go
to school to get marksheets.
as we waited in the hallway we
noted how much things had changed. 
back in our year desks were scrawled
over gardens messy n half d windows
with cracked glasses

now it was all spick n span. 'must be d girls' 
said ric. after we left the
boys n girls schools had been
merged with our campus teaching
science theirs arts. there were
girls roaming all over the place
in white shirts n grey skirts.
hence rics comment.

just then, a bossy looking girl
came along. 'why are u loitering here?'
she demaandded. we were both shocked. 
us guys had always had a camade rie
an nobody not even seniors spoke like this. 
we're here for the marksheets. I replied.

which class?

xii th. batch of 2011. 

have u entered the details in the
log book?

yes

brought all documents?

yeah

then go to room 9. ull get 
your marksheets there. and by the way
I'm neha sharma. head girl.

she stomped off, her canvas shoes sounding like
high heels. 

'wtf was that?' I asked.

'bitch. who does she think she is?&nbsp; we're
her seniors!' swore ric.

later that day, as I filled up the form
for my local college, I went back
to the incident. ric was right. we weren't
kindergarten kids. and who asked her
to find out what we were doing.
I felt I could wring her neck, but the
form cooled me down.

a week later......

ric me n another friend sam (salim) 
were at the local arcade. I was playing
cod while the others chatted.
just as I aimed my rifle, I heard a
commotion. a group of four were
arguing at the door.

my nazi soldier was dead thanks
to the commotion, so I headed
over. ric n sam were havin a
heated exchange with neha and
another woman. 

'ill play what I want to' said ric

'you pervert. its thanks to ur types that
women are unsafe.'

its just a game

its horrible and so are u. 

by now the entire parlour was starin at
us. the owner headed over.
'wats the problem?'

how can u allow games like rapelay
to be played in ur parlour?&nbsp; 

rapelay?&nbsp; I never heard of it!

rapelay was xactly wat it said, a rape story with
porno visuals. sam had brought it along
on a pendrive to run on d high def consoles
. the ownet had no clue.

'yes rapelay. its running on dis computer, 'screamed neha
n pointed to ric s console. 

the owner looked stunned. then landed a hard slap on 
ric's face.

I will not allow this in my shop.
pay n leave now.

I'd hardly been 15 min on my console but
had to pay for an hour. luckily sam
had taken d pendrive out. we
left quickly, heading for my place.

normally I cooled ric down but I was myself
too pissed. before I could ask him why he 
had taken the risk, sam began cursing neha n ric joined in. as it was, neha had entered the parlour thinkin it was a cyber cafe, n then saw ric on d console with rapelay on. all hell had broken loose.

by now even I was sick of neha. 
but i intended to avoid her if possible. she was not a threat after all. ric saw it otherwise

guys, something's gotta be done.

'yeah. she'll be snooping through our porn collections next!' agreed sam.

'and what will we do ? i bet she has a strong support in school. even our pals in xi th are not here.' i countered.

'he's right. school is ruled out, coz it ain't ours anymore'. it was sam

'how about running her over with my bike?'&nbsp; asked ric. his older bro has a bike which he rode when he was in hostel.

'am not going to jail for her. no porn there'. said sam. ( he's the nerd-perv of the gang.

'how bout we corner her and scare d shit out of her. 'i suggested. 'the plan worked with nikhil n his lousy brother.'

'why don't we take her and fuck her?&nbsp; she's hot'. it was, strangely, ric this time.

'i don't want her babies'. i replied

after another hour of hard bargaining, agreement was found. we would corner her somewhere (no clear place agreed) and tell her a few things about messing with us. and we would need a car, if she resisted. past experience gave us confidence, coz a certain nikhil had trashed my bike, and was made to understand the consequences.

two weeks passed......

 it was to be a period of hectic recon n armament ( we love war games). 
what really happened was hectic filing of forms and running about. when we finally met, our only "leads" were that her father was not an influential man( he was new to the town) she went for tuitions in the afternoon and returned late, and she had no dog. 

'where do we catch her?&nbsp; and how long do we take?' i asked. 

blank looks. 'we'll manage, replied sam. lets do it.'

'let's do it.' said ric

'ok. 'was all i said.

the day was thursday. the plan was that ric would observe when she left home and chart her route. as she left only two hours later, we would get the car , and decide a safe spot. if all went by plan, the meeting would take half an hour, and if time permitted we would take her on a little ride to scare her more, then drop her off near the mandi.

ric left at 3 and called at 3 45. 'bitch enroute to destination.'

at 4 10 he gave us the route. i went to get the car ( delicate diplomacy was needed), while sam went to meet ric n plan a spot. 

getting the car was time taking, and only 30 min remained for neha to come out. we met at the mandi. the spot was a desolate stretch of road between mandi and the godowns. ric left to follow her back, and the two of us waited behind a godown owned by a classmates dad.

at 6 30, ric called. bitch on approach eta 15 min. we got ready with some chloroform and tape.

'bitch eta 5 min.'

we drove near the spot, and i got down to check for nearby people and traffic. presently, neha appeared on the horizon.

'bitch ahead'. i told sam, ric confirmed. she looked oblivious, and to us as bitchy as ever. my eyes shifted to her swaying jugs but i decided to concentrate. 

sam sat just inside the car and i hid behind a tree. ric came up from behind. as she passed the car, i gava the all clear signal. sam lunged out and knocked her to the ground. to our surprise, she gave a neat kick to his haunches, got up and started running.

me and ric converged upon her, but she was fast. luckily she didn't scream ( no idea why), and ran into the wild area. we had to catch her fast coz she and us both knew that the mandi was not far off.

i managed to get her bag, and she let go of it. seeing three menacing youths approching, she screamed and started running. 

we would hve lost her, but for rics good sense. flanking her as she turned around, he threw a liqour bottle at her face. it brought some blood, and dazed her. i pounced from behind, and sam joined me in gagging her.

the situation was stil bad. anyone alerted by her screams could come and raise an alarm. the car was far away and empty,if i lost it I'd be dead. 

ric tied the struggling girl and we hauled her (lifting her would make her easily visible) to the car. seeing no point in talking there after all that had happened, sam knocked her out and we set off.

it was now 6 45. they would expect her home, (ric had oveerheard) at 7 30 latest. we had 45 mins to put some respect in her. 

as i drove towards the godowns, which were usually empty in the evening, i saw ric groping her in the back view mirror. sam joined in.

we reached the godown, and i parked in the shadows. as i killed the ignition, i heard neha moan. the sight that met me was both strange and funny.

neha' s top was half unbuttoned, and there were hands all over her body. sam had her head on his lap and was slapping her cheeks. ric sat on her tummy, and mashed her breasts. seeing me,&nbsp; they both said, 'just trying to wake her up.'

they finally succeded when she started squirming in her bonds. her struggle intensified when sam came into focus. 

i positioned myself beside her, and she looked at me next, with primal fury in her hazel eyes. then she saw (with some difficulty) ric, and struggled so as to almost break free.

to my surprise, sam removed the gag. 'let me go you pigs. I'll send you all to jail.'

the result was a series of slaps, which reduced her to sobs. ric grabbed her mammaries, and mashed them like dough. 

i had been doing nothing, wondering where this was leading to. molestation wasn't on the menu, but i couldn't blame ric. i found my hands join rics in abusing her mams, as testosterone surged in me.

her boobs felt soft and firm, at the same time. i pulled and they stretched from her chest like peaks, and she screamed in pain. 

sam used this scream to stuff the car cleaning cloth in her mouth and taped her again. 'take her top off,' said sam.

we complied, unbuttoning her blouse, letting it hang on her bound arms. as she was exposed,&nbsp; ric looked at me and i smiled back.

she looked delicious. a flat tummy and gorgeous waist met our gaze. as indian girls go, she was a damn fine piece. her bra bulged as she struggled, accentuating her tits and depresiing her tummy. 

rick put his finger in the middle, and said,' i wouldn't mind a titjob. ' 

i grabbed a tit and poked my finger down the middle. neha arched her neck in pain. as i pulled out, i saw a bulge where my finger had been. grabbing her nipple (the bulge), i pulled it and twisted it roughly. ric followed my example. neha could do nothing but squirm in sam lap. sam had shifted to pulling her long braid. 'every bitch has a tail,' he remarked.

ric went downwards, pushing her long skirt up, exposing her panties. grabbing the hem, he unceremoniously pulled them down. 

undoing the tie on her legs, he pulled it off. again, we were pleasantly surprised. she had light fur, but her lips were visible. 'fuck her man', cried sam as her wrapped her braid on his cock.

dimly i realized that we were gonna rape her. that time was almost over. that we had no condoms. the thoughts disappeared as i saw ric slam into neha, she was weeping now. undoing her hands i made her take my cock and jack me off. sam was getting off ( no idea how) on neha braid, whose knot he pulled up and down his shaft.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
neha slowly began wanking me as i went to town on her boobs, through her bra. rick was pounding his bloody cock in and out of neha, her skirt riding up her waist.

'bitch is damn tight,' he said.

' all prudes are tight, '
i answered. 

'yeahhhhhhhhh 'said sam as he came all over her hair and face. 
the shock made her hand jerk, and i came, spilling whitener over her bra and tummy. the black bra contrasted well with my white jism. ric lasted longer and pulled out just in time to spill over her skirt and legs. 

we switched places. i entered her lovepot, and ric sat on her tummy, stuffing his cock in her bra. a muffled sound indicated that something, likely sams dick,&nbsp; was in her mouth.

her hole was tight for sure, but velvety and warm. she was wet from ric s pounding, and i slid all the way in. although ric s ass wasn't the best view, i was soon lost in the warmth of her pussy, as i shoved in and out. as i approached orgasm, i grabbed her skirt and pulled it lower, making it seem i was thrusting into her skirt. squeezing her ass, i dumped my load in her unprotected hole.

ric was done by now. 
'thought yoy didn't want babies. ' he said. 
'we'll give her some pills.'

 sam came next, pulling neha into his cock, gagging her. he came, and cleaned the cum on her hair.

we switched places again. i took her head, sam the vagina and ric- wel ric fished out his mobile to take pics.

sam wanted doggy style so we flipped her over. i entered her mouth and he her cunt. we finally got a rythm going. i could feel her tongue lapping the shaft, and i pulled her rope like braid to manage her head. i could make out my cock through her cheek. i slammed her head on my tummy everytime i pulled in. the sight of her haughty head hanging on hairy dick, and the feel of her mouth took me over the edge. caring little for her breathing, i pulled her hair till her nose was lost in my bush, and then shot the last of my jizz in her oral hole. i pulled out, to see sam ejaculating up and down her ass cleavage. 

'great job guys, this'll put pamela to shame. 'said ric.' sorry am out of memory.' chill 'take mine its empty' said sam. 

the lust had finally died down, and the time on my phone almost knocked me out. 8 30! 'guys, we're dead its 8 30'. i was met by silence.

'lets leave her here and scoot. the workers can have her. 'said sam.
' the police will find her before that.' reasoned ric. 

neha seemed delirious. i grabbed her hair and pulled her up. 'please no more. havent you done enough already? '
 ric shoved his mobile in front of her, 'see these?'

she noded listlessly. 'you blab and these go on your orkut profile.' her eyes widened in shock. she nodded again. 
'please my parents will kick me out of the house.'

'you can join us then'. said i. she sobbed even more. we made her call to telk thar she was late and would stay at priya s house

her parents sounded pissed and asked for priya s dad. i took the phone.

yes?

my daughter tells me she is staying at your place.&nbsp; i hope it won't be too much of an inconvenience.

no. not at all. she visits us often. she'll stay with my daughter.

dats very kind. i would have asked her to come home but its unsafe this late and monica and me are in a traffic jam. 

i understand. dont worry, she'll stay with us and go back in the morning. i dare say she'll make it to school as well.

i am so very grateful mr mathur. could i speak to neha ?

i handed it back and after saying goodnight she hung up. i narrated the incident and we all laughed. neha kept crying.

it was decided that I'd keep her overnight as i had the car and an empty shed. after all, the night was still young.

[ to be continued]
---------------------------------------
Neha part 2

(Synopsis :- In the last part neha had been kidnapped and gangbanged by the trio , and it was decided that she would be kept at my house before returning her home. )

the trickiest part was smuggling neha into the house. my neighbours were always talking of me using cars without license, and were bound to check this late night return. neha, lying dazed at the back with my juice between her legs, didn't look capable of walking or running. i decided to drive up to the house and see what the state was. 

reaching the driveway, i halted and turned off the lights. reaching behind the seat, i got some chloroform and drugged her for good measure. i then walked to the door and unlocked it. the house was dark. i returned to the car to find neha out cold. ' good. now to get her in without creating a scene. ' i thought.

parking the car horzontally across the door, i offloaded neha into the house taking care not to raise her to window level. i then locked the door, and took the car to the back, and cleaned it fast. neha could wake any moment now. i quckly drove the car to the garage, and returned home, making sure i entered by the side door.

neha lay moaning, her clothes half open and messy. i lifted her to my room and stripped her naked. copping a quick feel of her tits, i took her to the bathroom. warming some water, i began to douse her body. it woke her up.

'where am i ?' 

'dats none of your business.' i replied.

she sat up, looking scared. 'you kidnapped me? '

'yeah. you're mine for the night. ' with that i shoved my cock in her mouth. she obediently sucked, as i washed her hair and backside. her braid i tied to the tap, and proceeded to wash her body from the front, passing over her luscious hardened nipples. she just kept crying silently. finally, i handed her the mug and asked her to clean her pubes. she complied, spreading the gang's cum on the tiled floor. 

after another drenching, i asked her to dry with the spare towel. her clothes were a mess so i gave her some of mine, without any underwear. she looked like an average girl now, much to my relief.

'can you cook? '

'yes. '

'cook then'

i led her to the kitchen, drawing the curtains. as she cut the veggies, i admired her ass clad in my shorts. i squeezed them gently, making her drop the knife. i wrapped my arms around her, groping her breasts as she cooked. she pretended not to care, but i saw the tears again. 

it turned me on. i pressed my erection into her ass, as my hands rolled her nipples. i had an idea. after dinner was done (she cooked well), i brought her one of my mom's bras. her size,&nbsp; it turned out was almost same. 

panties and petticoat followed. finally, i chose a sari and blouse. she put them on with a puzzled look. i asked her to braid her hair and apply makeup.

by 11 30 pm she was ready. i brought a video camera, and explained her the role. she was to recite a sppech and then striptease. her reluctance was overcome by a twist of the tail( braid).

she read it and began. "good evening. this is neha bhatia, head girl and i will speak on the topic 'all prudes are sluts', in support of the motion.

"girls especially prudes, pretend they are beyond vulgar things like love and sex. but is it true ? can they really live withhout sex?&nbsp; i don't think so.

first, what's the use of breasts if not to be squeezed (she squeezed her tits through the blouse), pinched and mashed for a man's pleasure. why do they hang in bras if not to be grabbed and used? (her blouse was off and she pushed up her boobs).

(squeezing her tits thorough her bra)" they were made for a man's use, and lose shape if left unused. some prudes think bras are for hiding breasts, actually they are for holding them up for man's viewing and squeezing pleasure.(she pulled down the bra cups. grabbing the exposed breasts, she began kneading them)

"and finally, nipples. are they only for feeding kids?&nbsp; of course not, or else why would they respond to a man's touch? ( she pulled her erect nipples and on my signal, started twisting them.) they are to be punished as only pain brings pleasure to a slut.(i handed her clothes clips, which ahe clamped on her erect nipples. i captured the grimace with zoom).

"so, my dear friends, breasts exist mainly for men, as it was their careful attention which evolved breasts in women alone of all females. but that is not the only part of a woman's body that's meant to be used(she stressed 'used'). there's also her hole.

"prudes say its for having children with husbands. i disagree. (she began unwinding her sari). a vagina knows no identity, and takes whatever it gets. that's also the slut's philosophy. she takes whatever she gets, and always craves more( her sari off, she pulls her petticoat and panties down, revealing her bush). and when she doesn't get any, she makes do with her fingers(she began fingering). for pleasure a prude must have, whatever the source... (fingering gets vigorous and she sticks two fingers deep into her hole), like this. ahhhhh.....aunahhhhh.....(her other hand goes to her tits, which she uses like a sponge) her desires overtake all else, and the prude's true ....ahh...nature ....ahhhhh..&nbsp;&nbsp; is.......aaaaaaahhhhhhhh...... revealed. (she climaxes, thrusting her fingers deep in her cunt, and pulling her left nipple ).....hence, all prudes are sluts, and i am no exception. i thank the audience for their patience, and to show my gratitude, would make love to anyone who wants. thank you and fuck me.( she bows, her tits hanging down). 

i stopped recording and askes her to put on the sari again, and cover her head with the hem of the sari. then i pulled her on my lap and grabbed her tits, squeezing them through the silky material. 

'you were great neha', i smiled.

'how much more will you humiliate me?' she cried.

'oh you'll soon come to like this neha. our relationship is going to be a long one."

later, once I'd put mom's clothes away( undies excepted at her request), i gave her the pills to prevent pregnancy.' this will give us more freedom '

she took the pills, and i pulled her into bed. restraint wasn't necessary as she already appeared broken. but i had one more plan to break her completely.

getting some vaseline,&nbsp; i rubbed it on my fuckerand her arse hole. then turned her around and gave her the middle finger. she just blinked in confusion. ' i warned you' i said, as i stuck my middle finger up her puckered hole.

she let out a yelp, and began struggling and pleading. i ignored her, and pushed it in and out. then i pushed two fingers, and finally three. her yelps changed to screams and then pleas again.

positioning her doggy style, i postitipned my pecker along the puckered hole, pushing in. her screams returned, but i was determined to have her ass cherry. after another 5 min of toil, i succeeded, filling her bowels. they were damn tight, but the warmth kept me in.

it was another 10 min before i could get any rythm going (inexperienced as i was ). finally. i came into her shithole, and fell on top of her. the bitch below me just kept crying. i smiled. if i had my way, she wouldn't stop anytime soon......

(to be continued).....








Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Pandorius999


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





