BDSM Library - Breast Punishment Afternoon




Breast Punishment Afternoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     I didn't perform my tasks properly while he was away  - this is how I had to make amends.






Today is Sunday and he came back on Friday night, he watched my videos but I hadn't followed his instructions well enough, i had not been hard enough on myself. This is an account of my Saturday afternoon.

12 noon on the dot - he walked up to me, lifted my shirt and bra over my head (without undoing it), squashing my tits against my rib cage and lifting them so high until my bra came off.&nbsp; There I stood in my jeans and no top and he looked at me and handed me 16 rubber bands, telling me to put them around the base of my tits. I had never been in bondage before and I really couldnt see how these small rubber bands that three of my fingers just fitted inside were ever going to fit over my E cup tits. But he stood there looking and me so I tried. 8 bands for each tit. I pulled them apart and leant forward, somehow they went on. I wiggled to get my left tit through as far as possible and let go, to my horror the band just rolled of, I hadnt got it on far enough. Again I stretched and pulled the bands over my tit, then, i held my breast up with my left had and wiggled the band further down with my right&nbsp; when it was around the base i let go. The band rolled forward about half an inch then stopped. Wow that felt odd, not really painful but not really comfortable either. He just stood there still looking, not saying anything. I got the hint and did the same to my right tit. When they were both on I couldnt help but look at them. They jutted out obscenely and felt so full and hard. The left was starting to get more painful. I looked at him and he finally spoke.
"This afternoon I will watch you punish yourself for going too easy on your tits while I was away"
I gulped, wonder what he had in mind, oh well I was sure to find out.
He handed me a piece of paper, and walked off into his study. I stood there, tits poking out, getting redder all the time, it took me a minute before I read the paper. "Perform each of the following actions on the pieces of paper I give you" - there was one instruction below.

1) come into the office, pick up a flexible metal ruler and a bulldog clip from my desk. Place the clip on one of your nipples and begin striking your other tit with the ruler. Count out as you do this and continue until I tell you to stop. Remove the clamp without opening it and repeat on the other tit. 

Ok I thought, I could manage that. I walked to the study, he was sitting at the desk, he didnt even look up. I found the ruler and went to look for the clips, there were only tiny ones - 16mm is what was on the box - small is never good, surprisingly they hurt a lot more that large ones that look worse. I placed the clip on my right nipple wincing as I let it go and it crushed my little nub. i picked up the ruler and hit my left breast a couple of times, without looking up he told me to do it harder. I struck harder, but apparently not hard enough. He told me that this was the reason I was here in the first place - I had followed instructions but hadn't pushed myself far enough. I gave my tit a good hard slap and kept slapping - after I had struck my own breast 20 times he looked up, and told me to make sure the whole tit was red before going back to his reading (it was work I think). It was getting harder and harder for me to do but I continued, it must have been 50 slaps when he spoke again telling me to focus on my nipple and strike fast and hard...I must have hit my poor tit more than 70 times with 30 of those on my swollen nipple,&nbsp; when he told me to stop, my whole breast was stinging and throbbing and I though it was going to burst. He said nothing but looked at me expectantly, it was time for me to pull the clip or my nipple. It wasn't so bad, it was a little numb but once i got the clamp off the bloodflow returned and i gasped from the ache. I knew what was next, get that tiny clamp onto my puffy nipple which was still throbbing from the slapping. I put it on, making myself squirm involuntarily. I started slapping my right breast, hard and fast, he periodically told me to hit higher, slower, faster, lower, the nipple, the underside... it went on and on. My eyes were watering when i had finished, I lost count but I know it got more strikes than the other tit. Then came the time to pull the clip off my left tit. Gasps escaped me again and my eyes watered but off it came. I wished i could take the rubber bands off too but I knew that wasnt what he wanted. 
He handed me another piece of paper still not saying anything then looked down at his work again.


2) put the washing machine on (use the short cycle). return to the study, remove the bands from your breasts then flick your nipples with them until I tell you to stop. I will tell you left or right.

This one was going to be easier, rubber bands sting but dont really hurt, oh i was wrong. I walked to the laundry, bending to take the washing out of the basket and put it in the washer made my breasts throb more...but it was done and i walked quickly back to the study. My tits were bright red where they poked through the bands, around the bands was pale white. I rolled the bands off my breasts, one at a time. They throbbed more as the blood flow returned to normal. My tits were so sore but I knew what i needed to do. I started on the left flicking it hard to make him happy, he didnt even look up, I kept going, after maybe 10 minutes and who knows how many flicks i was gasping as I did it. He finally told me to switch. Five minutes of flicking and he told me to go back to the left. Each flick felt like fire, but i kept going. He had me switch tits 5 or 6 more times, a good half hour had passed, tears were rolling down my face and even my fingers hurt from pulling the band back. my nipples were very swollen&nbsp; and i could see they would be bruised, my normally pink aerolas where dark pink with a purple tinge i was still flicking the right when he finally told me to stop. I stood there massaging my bright red breasts. All he said to me was "here's the next one"

3) Go take the load of washing out of the machine, hang it on the line, don't forget to put my shirts, jumpers and trousers on hangers, bring the pegs bucket&nbsp; back inside. Cover your breasts in as many pegs as you can. Come and show me when they are covered. Ask me to whip them off with my belt

I managed to get 44 pegs on each of my breasts (i wasnt kidding when i said i had large breasts!) - they all pinched small bits of skin and i couldnt believe the pressure it was putting my breasts under. The ones on my nipples and areolas felt the worst after all the flicking i had done before, though the ones underneath were pretty uncomfortable as they poked my ribs because my breasts were forcing them down. I steeled myself to walk back into the study, shoulders back, tits out just the way he liked it -&nbsp; It felt weird to still be wearing my jeans..

I stood in front of the desk. It was time to ask... 'Mark will you please take off your belt and help me get these pegs off my tits' there I thought - that should do it. But he really wanted me to tell him exactly what I 'wanted'. so I tried again - Mark can you please take your belt off and use it to smack these pegs off my tits, i really need your help. He smiled and said he would since i asked so nicely.&nbsp; As he got up he told me to stand with my hands behind my head, fingers interlocked. 

It took him 17 whacks on my right tit to get the pegs off and 2 of those were directly across my nipples. My left fared worse 25 strikes with 5 hitting the nipple. My breasts burned from all the abuse...but i held it together..groaning a fair bit but I was otherwise ok. After each swat he got me to tell him that I needed the rest removed - I was basically asking him to strike my breasts over and over again...a little part of me thought i must be crazy but the other part was oddly enjoying it - I guess there really is a fine line between pleasure and pain

When he was done - I said thankyou and he gave me another bit of paper. How much longer could this go on, was i going to be able to please him, was he going to fuck me at some point as that would make it all worth it!

4) Open the top drawer in my desk, take out the clover clamps.. attach the chain to some string and put the string over the curtain rail. Face the window. Attach the clamps to your nipples and pull until you have to stand on your toes. Ask me to tie it off at this height.&nbsp; Remain there on your toes until I tell you to stop.

Clover clamps - now that was just mean - the more you pull the tighter they get and my nipples were already so swollen and sore. Better get it over and done with.. I put the horrid clamps on my nips, they were so sore from the earlier punishments it was difficult to endure. I slowly got the string and tied it to the chain joining the clamps - i say slowly as moving quickly was too uncomfortable. threw the string over the curtain rail and started pulling it making my tits lift up by the nipples. when i was on my toes and my tits stretched up i asked Mark to come and tie the string off. He pulled it slightly higher causing me to squeal and he tied it off. He went back to his desk and continued reading. 

I dont know how much time passed I was sweating, my feet ached, my breasts were sorer that i thought possible...i had been begging for some time to be let down...he finally said ok i think its time for you to move. He got up gripped the clamps to loosen them and pulled them straight off. At this point i really screamed. He moved behind me and began massaging my breats and pulling on my nipples, normally i love this but with all they had been through it just hurt..he spent about 5 mins mauling my sore tits - all the while I was begging him to stop but also getting wetter.&nbsp; When he stopped he went and handed me another paper


5) Go to the bedroom. Open my top draw in the bedroom. Choose the bra you want to wear and put it on. Make sure you place your nipple correctly. Ask me to take you to your boxercise class. I will pick you up too

I went to the bedroom, opened the draw and looked inside...there was a bra, a size to small, or one a size too big, both&nbsp; had tacks inside there was a large circle around the middle of where my breast would go and a concentration around the nipples are areolas. Right in the centre where the middle of my nipple would be there was a larger and longer bit sticking out, it was almost 2 inches long. Clearly the idea was to really poke into the depths of my breasts. I couldnt believe it - he wanted me to wear one of these to&nbsp; a boxing class - In public!!! - One whole hour of bouncing around torturing my tits. I thought about it, the more movement the worse it would be when i was jumping. I picked the small one. I eased my swollen and sore mammaries&nbsp; into the bra and did it up. I little tacs poked and hurt but didnt break the skin. They felt almost itchy. The long attachment pressing my nipple into my breast was very uncomfortable, if it had been a bit longer my nipple would have been pushed to my ribs underneath! This was double cruel - it was poking the most tortured part of my breasts quite hard as well as causing the surrounding breast to poke out more into the little tacks.We got in the car and in i went to class. I dont know how i got through the class, the constant prickle mixed with the throbs reminding me what had been happening to my breasts over the last couple of hours. It was the longest class ever - my feet hurt from standing on my toes earlier and jumping around in trainers doesn't help. The class finally ended and he told me i could take the bra off as soon as we were in the car. I almost ran to the car! Finally we were in and i got the bra off...quite a few indents in my tits - a few scratches - nothing bad but oh god they hurt, they were a deep red all over. (no i wasnt flashing my tits to everyone...I was looking down my top!)

we pulled in the drive and he handed me another note


6) Remove your clothes, attach a skirt hanger to your nipples. Bring the washing in, If its hung on a hanger you will attach it to the hanger on your nipple. You may make as many or as few trips as you like. If they hanger slips off your nipples you will stop and replace it and all the clothes you dropped, before proceeding to the bedroom to hang them up.

On it went - I couldnt stop my eyes watering - so much had been done to my little nubs - I didnt know i could take this much - mayber that was the point - to prove just how much was possible. I went to the line, cringing as it bounced while I walked...then i made a mistake - i put four shirts on, took two steps and off the clamp came - its snapped off 12 times before I got the the wardrobe, I was sobbing but i did it. He was in the lounge scarcely glancing at me. The other 5 shirts i took one at a time, the jumpers were harder due to their weight - thank goodness there were only 2. I walked into the lounge, hanger still on my nips he looked up and told me to yank it off. 

I pulled, it popped off one nipple at a time - my nipples felt raw - this had to end soon and I needed to cum soo bad!! he handed me another note

8) Look in my bottom draw in the bedroom, take out the bull-nose nipple clamps with a chain on them. Put them on and put the chain in between your teeth..Get into position for doggy style. Pull your head back so you tits are pulled forward - You must not let the chain slip out of your mouth. 

more clamps, my nipples were double their normal size and i just wanted to scream but I did what he wanted. Next thing i knew he was entering me. I was soo wet, it was such a relief feeling his cock in me...he pounded me hard. A clamp came off my left nipple as i came the first time - I kept that chain between my teeth. when i came the third time the right clamp came off. Finally he came, clutching my sore tits in his hands, I came with him too, i think that was 5 screaming orgasms for me.

gently he whispered in my ear - he loved me and look what i could do. He carefully wiped my tits my anti bacterial stuff then rubbed cooling moistureiser into them. Very red, very sore, a bruise of too but nothing deep and nothing that will last more than a week. As a plus they are so sensitive the soft fabric of my tops makes me horny. That was one hell of an afternoon - I think I will do my training more thoroughly from now on
 

 
 
 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Missy Temptation


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





