BDSM Library - Holidays at Angie's




Holidays at Angie's
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Angela's two young nieces, Janine and Michelle, come over for the holidays. The girls get bored staying with Angela and soon she becomes a target for their amusement. When the girls manage to catch their aunt naked, things take a turn for the worse and their mother comes over. A deeper plot is unearthed and Angela loses control of the situation. The girls and their mother take liberties with Angela's naked body despite her protests and the holidays become a lot more eventful than she initially anticipated.






Synopsis: Angela's two young nieces, Janine and Michelle, come over for the holidays. The girls get bored staying with Angela and soon she becomes a target for their amusement. When the girls manage to catch their aunt naked, things take a turn for the worse and their mother comes over. A deeper plot is unearthed and Angela loses control of the situation. The girls and their mother take liberties with Angela's naked body despite her protests and the holidays become a lot more eventful than she initially anticipated.

*************************************************************************************

Angela felt pleased as she paced about the large house which she shared with her parents. The house was positioned in a very pleasant area on a quiet street of the small town, where no one really knew anyone else. Her parents had recently purchased the place but they were still not used to living here due to a few old fashioned principles. These principles led them to feel overly attached to the previous house and Angela often found herself rolling her eyes at the thought. Angela, on the other hand, felt no such attraction to her previous residence as she had a few memories there which made a cringe whenever she remembered them. Her birthday party last year, for instance, had been a complete fiasco.

Angela looked around the sparsely furnished house with satisfaction and was glad to be here by herself. Angela's parents had decided that they would spend a couple of weeks in their previous residence while Angela stayed in the new place for a while. She loved the spacious sitting room and the large kitchen which was already stocked with a microwave oven and a fridge despite the family moving in recently. It was the kind of place that she would be happy to live in for the rest of her life. What made her even happier was the fact that this house had been registered under her name, so she was legally the owner.

Things were looking up as she was about to get a few visitors who would brighten up the place even more. Janine and Michelle were her cousin's daughters who had just finished their exams and were ready to start off their holidays. Angela's cousin had contacted her mother and it was decided that the two girls would stay with Angela for a couple of weeks. Angela welcomed the company as life was always a bit dull where she was concerned. She had a few old friends from her college days but she was not particularly close to any of them. Most of her friends didn't seem to bother talking to her unless she went out of her way to contact them.

Janine and Michelle were 17 and 16 respectively and were out of school for their holidays. The sisters were talented and they both had a very active social life. Despite their young age and mischievous personalities, both girls had top grades in their respective classes and were the most popular girls in their school. Angela knew this and looked forward to spending some time with the girls who were obviously going to be good company.

It had been a few years since Angela had seen her two nieces, primarily due to the fact that their families had not got along very well due to an old feud regarding the family property. In fact, it had been Angela who was the main cause of the rift as she had convinced her parents to move into the family property and evict her cousin, since the house legally belonged to Angela's parents. 

When she had last seen them, the girls had been 9 and 10 and were often babysat by Angela. The girls were a real handful at that young age and often had Angela yelling at them and complaining to their parents about their various misdeeds. She even had to spank Janine a couple of times, just to get her to behave.

Angela could barely stay still as she waited eagerly for her two nieces to arrive. At 28, Angela was single and a bit lonely so she couldn't wait to have a good time with her young charges. Wearing her purple blouse and favorite pair of jeans, Angela had even worn a bit of makeup although she had no plans to leave the house. She had dark circles under her eyes and a few light freckles on her nose which she found to be very annoying, so she generally she went a bit heavy on the makeup. Pushing her black hair behind her large ears, Angela glanced at the time and waited for the girls to arrive.

The doorbell suddenly rang and Angela rushed to answer it. The two sisters grinned at their aunt and with a couple of high pitched greetings, they reached forward and hugged their aunt in delight. Angela couldn't help but notice the full breasts of the two teenagers and the confident sway of their hips as she waved them into the house. Angela was just five feet tall and the girls already towered above her by three or four inches. The kids had grown up well and Angela felt a surge of pride and also a hint of envy. She had never been particularly well endowed in the chest department and she constantly felt inferior to women who were more developed than she was. Also, she had always hated being short.

The girls were shown into their room which was rather small in comparison to the rooms in the rest of the house. As soon as Angela left them alone to unpack, they looked around the room critically and gloomily. The plain walls and tiny window were not very inviting and both the girls sighed in unison. 
They had never really been particularly fond of their "Aunty Angela" as they were forced to call her, so neither of them were actually thrilled to be here.

Once they were unpacked and spruced up, the sisters went back to the sitting room to join their aunt, who greeted them warmly and handed them a glass of orange juice. After exchanging a few trivial pleasantries, the girls giggled and chatted about nothing in particular. Angela started talking about some of the gossip that was doing the rounds in the local church and the girls pretended to listen politely while rolling their eyes whenever Angela was not facing them.

After talking and whining about the situation in the local church for a good part of two hours, Angela finally decided that they all should go out for a day in the town.

Angela smiled happily at her young charges. "Why don't you girls get ready and come with me into town? We could do some shopping."

"Yeah let&#8217;s do that Angie" replied Janine with fake enthusiasm that Angela did not detect.

Angela frowned and the vein on her forehead swelled up temporarily as she glanced at her nieces disapprovingly. "Girls, I think its best to call me Aunty Angela."

"Sorry Aunty Angela" said Janine. She mouthed the word "bitch" to her sister as soon as Angela turned away.

Angela and the girls spent the rest of the day shopping and hanging out in the town. Angela was having a great time and enjoying herself as she talked more about local gossip and other mundane topics. The girls, on the other hand, were starting to get bored of the quiet little town and Angela's constant critical whining.

The next day passed in a similar way to the first although the shopping was limited by Angela being unwilling to spend much. She had always been a bit miserly when it came to spending on anyone other than herself.

It was only on the following morning that the girls finally had a bit of fun. A roach scurried along the kitchen floor and Angela screamed in shock and leapt up on a chair at the sight of it. The girls giggled at the reaction of their aunt and couldn't help teasing her.

"Look out Angie there's a roach near your foot" yelled Janine suddenly and Angela did a strange sort of dance, accompanied by a little shriek, but of course, there was no roach anywhere nearby.

Buoyed and entertained by this, more little pranks followed through the day. Angela found herself getting tripped up by the girls as she walked around the house. Angela laughed it off during the first few times it happened but soon she was starting to get annoyed and scolded her young charges.

"Stop it now, girls. This isn't funny!"

The sisters just giggled in response and grinned mischievously before walking away unabashed.

The next prank consisted of a bucket of cold water balanced on top of Angela's bedroom door which was left ajar. When Angela opened the door to her room, she was doused in cold water and a loud cacophony of giggles accompanied her splutters as she stood there drenched in water. The girls laughed as they watched her face flush red. Angela glared at her mischievous nieces in anger.

"Ok, that does it. I'm telling your mother!"

With these words, Angela strode towards the telephone, picked up the receiver and dialed a number while still dripping wet.

The words almost gushed out of Angela as she spoke to her cousin and detailed all the little pranks that her nieces had played on her that day.

"Suzanne, these two just won't behave at all" said Angela in a shrill voice as she glared at the grinning girls accusingly.

"I'll sort it out Angie, let me talk to them" replied Suzanne calmly.

"Here, your mother wants to talk to you" said Angela as she extended the receiver towards her nieces.

Angela stepped back and watched her nieces speaking on the phone. Much to her surprise, they were still grinning as they spoke on the phone. A few times they even giggled and Angela wondered briefly what was going on. 

After speaking to their mother for a while, the girls handed the receiver back to Angela.

"Angie, I'm coming over personally and sort things out" said Suzanne sternly and Angela nodded and then replied that would be great. 

"I don't go by the name Angie anymore by the way. Angela would do Suzanne" said Angela, slightly put off by being called by her hated nickname.

Angela smiled at the girls triumphantly once she put the phone down.

"I told you girls to behave didn't I? None of this would have happened if you had just listened" said Angela haughtily and walked over to her room to change out of her wet things.

After locking the bedroom door behind her, Angela slipped off her t-shirt and tugged her jeans down her legs before removing her bra and slipping out of her panties. She looked at herself in the mirror and sighed. She had a very slim build and her large bubble butt looked strange on her slight frame. With slim arms and thin legs, the size of her ass was accentuated although her thighs were starting to fill out a bit as well. The enticing perky 32B breasts were rounded off by big brown nipples. Her pubic region was completely devoid of hair as she shaved down there regularly.

Angela yelped in shock as the door to her bedroom was flung open suddenly. Her nieces looked in and whistled loudly at the sight of their stunned aunt, naked as the day she was born. Angela grabbed her jeans and held it front of her naked breasts and yelled at her young charges in anger.

"What do you think you're doing in here? Get out!!"

The girls giggled in response and stepped into Angela's bedroom. Janine had a large key ring which had all the keys to all the rooms on it and the sisters had used it at the perfect time.

"Shut up Angie Pangie, we're here to help you get dressed" said Michelle with a smirk.

"W.. What? I.. I don't need any help from you girls" stuttered Angela. Her high pitched nasal voice was quivering in a combination of nervousness and outrage. She noticed the name her niece called her and swelled up in annoyance.

"I'm Aunty Angela and don't you forget that!"

The girls simply glanced at each other and giggled in response. Angela was blushing bright red now and watched as her nieces stepped into her bedroom and opened her drawers and cupboards. Angela had always been a very shy girl and was embarrassed to be seen naked even by other girls. 
During her college days, she had always tried to avoid changing rooms and other such places which would expose her naked body to other women. Now she felt mortified at being naked in front of her two young nieces, who were having quite a good look at her naked body despite the slim cover that her jeans were providing. She also realized that as a result of her current predicament, she was feeling a slight tingle between her legs and her nipples were as hard as rubies. She tried to wave this feeling away but somehow she knew that it wasn't going to go away in a hurry.

Janine and Michelle, for their part, were having a hard time not laughing. The look on Angela's face had been priceless when she had been caught naked by them. Much to their satisfaction, the girls had a good look at Angela's bare little breasts before she hastily covered herself. The girls had also noticed 
Angela's hard nipples, and with their teenage hormones aroused, they were eager to see more of their aunt's naked body.

Janine strode over to Angela's side, held on firmly to her aunt's jeans and yanked it away firmly.

"Hey!" protested Angela as her body was exposed to her nieces once again. Michelle picked up the rest of Angela&#8217;s clothes as well and held them away from her aunt.

"Give me my clothes back right now!! The two of you are in so much trouble" scolded Angela as her lips shaped permanently into a pout. The sisters paid no attention to Angela however and leaned back simultaneously to look at Angela's exposed body.

Angela quickly placed one hand across her breasts and the other hand over her pubes but she was slow on the uptake. The girls had already had a good look at her charms.

Michelle reached into Angela's underwear drawer and pulled out a bright green thong and a matching green pushup bra. The set had been a gift from an ex-boyfriend who was not allowed to see Angela in it anyway.

"Wear this" said Michelle and thrust it towards her aunt.

"No way" replied Angela with a raised eyebrow. There was no way that she would play along with this silly game of theirs.

"Wrong answer Angie Pangie" replied Janine with a smirk as both the sisters reached forward and grabbed their naked aunt.

The wild melee that followed was short and was peppered with a few shrieks from Angela and a fair bit of giggling from her nieces. Angela emerged from it dressed in the lingerie with her hair now free of the pony tail she usually wore. She glared at her nieces in exasperation. Her nipples had been pinched and one of the two had slapped her butt while they dressed her, much to her annoyance.

The doorbell rang and the sisters grinned.

"Let&#8217;s go Angie!"

The sisters grabbed one of Angela's arms each and dragged her out of her bedroom and to the large front door. Janine opened the door and the sisters' mother stood there.

"Suzanne, I'm so glad to see you" said Angela in a rush and stepped forward to hug her cousin.

Suzanne was in her early forties with a statuesque build and big made body. She was about 5'7 and had her hair tied in a bun. Angela, of course, was much shorter than Suzanne. She looked over her young cousin's head at her daughters and the girls winked at her.

"Suzanne, Janine and Michelle have been very mischievous and.." began Angela but Suzanne raised her hand.

"Angie, how dare you dress like this in front of my daughters? Have you no decency?"

Angela looked at Suzanne in astonishment and looked down at herself. Her small breasts were squeezed together and almost popping out of the bra while the thong was tiny and covered no part of her large ass.

"Suzanne, they made me.." began Angela in a panic but once again Suzanne raised her hand and stopped her.

"Look at the amount of makeup on your face. You look like a slut!" said Suzanne sternly.

Angela usually wore a lot of makeup and today had been no different. It had run a bit when the water spilled on her due to the prank her nieces had played on her earlier and somehow made her look more like a slut.

"I.. Suzanne.. I" stammered Angela as she struggled for words.

"Looks like I have to teach you a lesson" said Suzanne with a firm glint in her eyes. She grabbed hold of Angela's large ears with both her hands twisted them hard.

Angela shrieked shrilly as she was led into the study by Suzanne and the door was closed behind them. Janine and Michelle stood outside the door and listened eagerly.

Almost instantaneously there was a loud slap and a cry of pain that sounded distinctly as if it came from Angela. The girls inched closer to the door, smirking at the sounds coming from inside.

Those sounds seemed to consist of some loud scolding courtesy of Suzanne, accompanied by desperate yelping, pleading, then crying, all of which seem to be coming from Angela. Punctuating the whole affair was the distinct sound of ripping fabric. The girls looked at each other and grinned.

"Sounds like the lingerie didn't last long!"

Finally, the sound died down to just the muffled sound of whimpering and sobbing.

After a minute or so, the door opened slightly. Peeking cautiously out from behind the door, Angela's head and bare shoulders appeared. Her hair was a mess and was all over the place. Makeup mixed with tears ran down her face. The girls noticed that her shoulders bore no sign of the bright green bra straps that adorned them when she had entered the study.

"Girls" she said in a voice that had suddenly turned from angry and annoyed to nervous and shaken, "I would like to apologize to both of you for making false accusations against you and for trying to seduce you. Your mother asked me to tell you to bring her briefcase over to her from her car."

The snickering girls exploded into outright hoots of laughter. Janine went to get the brief case while Michelle smirked at Angela whose mascara had run once it was mixed with her tears.

Once Janine had handed the briefcase over to Angela, Suzanne's hand appeared over her head from behind the door. Angela shrieked again as the hand grabbed a fistful of her black locks.

"Come here, Angie Pangie!" commanded Suzanne as the door slammed shut again. There was more loud cursing and scolding and more pleading and crying for about 4 - 5 minutes. Then there was more muffled crying from Angela. After what seemed like ages, the door flung open. Angela's eyes widened to realize she was now facing the girls butt naked once again.

Standing behind Angela, smiling victoriously and holding her briefcase under her arm, Suzanne roughly shoved Angela out the door, shouting, "Move it, Angie!" 

Angela was marched out of the room by Suzanne who made sure her daughters got an unobstructed view of their aunt's birthday suit.

Angela was blushing brightly now and wishing that the floor would open up and claim her. Suzanne smiled at the girls and shared a knowing look with them.

"Girls, your aunt has signed over the ownership of this house over to us. I'm off to meet the lawyer and finalize things. Serves the little bitch right for kicking us out of our home a few years ago!"

Angela sniffed unhappily and studied her toes as the girls whooped and cheered happily. Ever since her nieces had barged in on her changing, her nipples had been hard and there was certain wetness and tingling between her legs.

Suzanne reached over and grabbed Angela's ear again, causing her sniveling and sobbing to increase.

"As for you tart, I'm leaving you with the girls. Don't forget that you are a non-paying guest here now, so they are in charge, got it!"

Angela nodded and pouted unhappily while Suzanne and her daughters exchanged smiles.

Finally Suzanne left the house and the girls grinned happily at their naked aunt. Angela looked into the eyes of her nieces and knew she was in big trouble.

Janine pulled out her camera phone and smirked at her naked aunt.

"Say cheese Aunty Angie!"

Angela was blinded temporarily by the flash when the girls suddenly grabbed her. She was maneuvered efficiently and draped over Michelle's knee. 
Michelle brought her hand down hard on her aunt's bare ass and Angela squealed in shock. 

"No, stop this at once!" yelled Angela but she had lost all control of her young charges now.

Angela kicked her feet in the air and struggled to get off her niece&#8217;s knee but Janine quickly held her arms and effectively blocked off her escape. The spanks rained down hard and fast on her naked buttocks and she kicked the air helplessly as the sisters giggled and enjoyed themselves. Angela was soon transferred over to Janine's lap and she was spanked some more while she yelled helplessly.

"What an enormous ass!!" yelled Janine as she spanked her aunt. The sisters whooped and cheered as they turned their aunt's big butt a bright red.

Finally they were done and Angela was pushed to the floor. She rubbed her butt, wiped away a couple of stray tears and blushed in embarrassment before looking up at her nieces nervously. The look in their eyes told her what would happen next.

Angela cried and fought valiantly but it was no use. The girls took Angela into her parent&#8217;s bedroom. Naked and helpless, Angela cried like a baby as they pushed her onto the large double bed. The girls already had one of their bags in the room and they took out two strap-ons from it.

Janine went first and Angela was flipped over onto her belly. The strap-on was eight inches long but it was the width that was the problem. It was a bit too wide and it would have been a huge struggle to fit it into a tight little asshole like Angela's. 

This fact was not going to deter Janine and she spread Angela's butt cheeks wide before spitting on the tiny crinkled asshole and rubbing the spit in. 
Angela shrieked and wept helplessly while Janine tried to push the huge intruder into her tiny asshole. 

It wouldn't go in easily but Janine was persistent. She pushed hard and relentlessly for almost ten minutes while the tears flowed down the screaming Angela's cheeks like waterfalls. Finally her persistence and strength paid off and the huge monster was finally shoved into Angela's tight anus. Angela could do nothing but cry as Janine whooped victoriously and plunged the strap-on deep into her aunt's backside. 

Janine was relentless, fucking Angela for almost half an hour before finally stopping in exhaustion. The strap-on slid out of Angela's asshole with a pop sound making both the girls giggle. Janine's sister replaced her and positioned herself between Angela's thighs as her aunt looked at her fearfully over her shoulder.

"No, no, that&#8217;s enough!" whimpered Angela but the girls just giggled and noted how wet Angela was between her legs and how hard her nipples were.

Michelle slid her strap-on into Angela's asshole and held onto her aunt's large ears before pounding into her hard and fast. Angela shrieked, flailed her arms wildly about and cried some more.

Once Michelle finally pulled out, Angela briefly lay on the bed sniveling before turning over and lying on her back. She spread her legs open and the girls burst into giggles at the sight.

"Looks like someone wants to get fucked" said Janine with a smirk.

"Not right now Aunty Angie Pangie" said Michelle and slapped Angela's pussy sharply causing her naked aunt to yelp in surprise.

The girls took a few more pictures of Angela lying naked and couldn't help laughing at the way the haughty bitch was crying and hiccoughing to herself. 
Janine spread Angela's butt cheeks again and took a picture, giggling at how Angela's tiny asshole was now gaping wide due to the strap-on action it had just received. 

The girls changed into their nighties and dragged their naked aunt into bed with them. Janine cupped and squeezed Angela's little breasts while Michelle hugged her naked aunt and nibbled on her ear. Janine pinched Angela's nipples and giggled when Angela gasped as a result. 

"What are you girls doing?" breathed Angela in a quivering voice.

"We just have a better way of using that big mouth of yours" replied Janine evenly before laying back on the bed and directing Angela between her legs by pulled her hair.

When she was done, Angela's lips were coated with cum and both her nieces were satisfied.

"We had so much fun didn't we Angie Pangie? Got to spend the holidays with you more often" whispered Michelle as she snuggled against her naked and exhausted aunt.

Janine slid her hands comfortably over Angela's naked body.

"This is the best start to the holidays ever!!"



*********************************************************************
Epilogue

The two weeks were finally coming to an end and Angela knocked hesitantly on the door to the study before opening it. She carried the tray over to the large wooden desk in the middle of the room and placed the cup and saucer before her cousin. She carefully poured the coffee into Suzanne's cup, knowing that if she spilled even one drop, her ass would pay the price. Her cousin had used her paddle often over the past two weeks and rarely needed any excuse to give it another try.

Naked, except for a tiny lacy apron which covered absolutely nothing and a strange clown hat with bells on its edges, Angela blushed as her cousin looked up and studied her carefully.

"Come here" said Suzanne firmly and Angela walked around the desk and stood next to the older lady. With a quick tug, Suzanne undid the knot holding the apron together and exposed Angela's naked body.

Angela pursed her lips disapprovingly as Suzanne's hands cupped her big buttocks. Tomorrow the "vacation" would be over and Angela would be free to leave the house that had become like her prison cell. She would try to remember as little of this experience as possible. Suzanne and her daughters had taken full advantage of Angela and had enjoyed taking liberties with her naked body as often as possible. In addition to that, they always thought up new and improved ways of humiliating her. Being dressed up like a pig and being chased around the house for hours by her nieces had been a terrible ordeal for poor Angela and she was hardly pleased when all three of her fully clothed relatives had given her an enema. 

At least it would all be over soon. Angela wondered how life would be once she was free. What would she do first? Her mind seemed strangely blank when considering her options.

Even though she was expecting it, Angela couldn't help jumping as her cousin's fingers slipped between her butt cheeks and touched her crinkled little asshole. Suzanne chuckled at Angela's reaction before delivering an update to her.

"I have some good news Angie. I talked to your parents and convinced them to go back on their decision to sell their old house so you won&#8217;t be homeless. They also think I bought the house from you so I've saved you from any embarrassing conversations you may have with them."

Angela sighed with relief but Suzanne held up her hand.

"Hold on, there's one more little detail. I mentioned that you were still feeling attached to this house and I told them you would like to stay here for another month."

Angela's jaw dropped in shock as she stared at her grinning cousin.

"It's an extended holiday for you Angie!!"



Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Daze_Earth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





