BDSM Library - Training Sarah-Lee




Training Sarah-Lee
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Training of a spoiled rich bitch.  Slave training.






It was a beautiful day in Wellington, the midsummer sun was shining, and the temperature was in the mid 20's. Glorious.&nbsp; Just the sort of day one needed to meet their first client. Rogers fresh new client 18 year old Sara-Lee was being escorted over by her stepfather, an extremely wealthy businessman, from California.&nbsp; He had made millions in the Dot.Com era.&nbsp; Sara-Lee was his only daughter and had become a bit of a handful after the death of her mother in a rather gruesome auto-crash, at the intersection of Downey Ave and Firestone Blvd, when she was Ten. Her mother Claudia had been desperate to get to her supplier and had ran a red light. She, according to the police, had been travelling at just over 60MPH, David, her stepfather, had felt guilty at not doing something about his wife's drug abuse problems which ultimately lead to the crash. And so had tried to make amends by buying his stepdaughter anything she wanted. The result was my job to correct.

Roger had decided to get to the airport with about hour to spare, so he could sit down in front of the observation windows and watch their flight from Auckland arrive. By all accounts Sara-Lee was quite an impressive creature standing at 5'11 and weighing approximately 128 lbs. At their business meeting, in LA, David hadn't been to sure on her weight and her other vital statistics, but Roger would know for sure, soon. All would be revealed in good time. 

Roger decided he would have a coffee while he waited, plenty of time to do a bit of people watching ( a favourite pastime ), it was only 10.30am and the flight was due in at 11.20am, ahead of schedule for a change. Roger ordered a "Long-Black" and proceeded to find a seat facing the observation windows and with a good field of view to watch the business women go by. He liked to imagine how they would look without their staid suits and business dresses.

There was little "talent" walking by today, which left Roger some time to ponder his extreme good fortune. Some people make their money the hard way. Roger had had an exceptional bout of good luck in the last year. At 45 he was starting to get ready to plan for his retirement in 15 years, he knew it was late to do so, but hell he had been having such a good time partying and working that time had just flown by.&nbsp; He had been getting a regular dose of pussy, on average at least, one woman a week. So he had not felt the urge to settle down and get married.&nbsp; One thing was for sure, he, new what pleased him. Finding the right mixture in a woman was the difficult part.

As he sipped his coffee his thoughts drifted back to when it all started back in December 2001. He had purchased a Lotto ticket in the New Zealand weekly draw, and on a whim spent the last of that weeks wages on a combo ticket with a "power ball".&nbsp; His decision was influenced by the fact that one) if you won the 1st prize (NZ$1.3 million) and two) then got lucky with the "power ball" your winnings could climb to $8.6 Million for that weeks draw. And glory be, wholly Jesus mother of fucking Christ he had won, and, he had got lucky. And to top it all off he had the ONLY ticket in the draw that had got first prize. So he didn't have to share it with any other bastard. 

The ensuing weeks for Roger flew buy rather quickly. The first thing he did was tell his boss by way of a rather brief email from home that "he quit", and the PC was being delivered by courier to the office. Next he went down and collected the check.
Those numbers sure did look fine "Nine Million Nine Hundred Thousand dollars".
All his. He sure would like to withdraw the lot in Cash, the look on the bank tellers face would be worth it, but that would be foolish. But first he had to wait several days for the check to clear, as soon as it had, he withdrew $10,000 and went partying. 

Man what a hangover he had from all that alcohol, mind you, Nancy&nbsp; must of felt pretty much the same.&nbsp; They had partied and fucked for 5 days. He sure felt good,
apart from the bloody hangovers. Anyway it gave him some fond memories. It had taken him years to find Nancy and although not officially boyfriend &amp; girlfriend they saw a lot of each other. Their needs fitted each other like two well worn jigsaw puzzle pieces.

Having got the celebration out of his system, he had to decide what to do with his life now that the "need to work" had dissipated.&nbsp; He couldn't do "nothing" that would drive him fucking nuts. So he had to give this some serious thought. Buy a business? Nah, couldn't be bothered with all the hassles. Write a book? Nope what would he write about?.
This went on for just over a month while he thought about what to do, he dedicated at least an hour each day to thought, the rest of the time he settled himself in at Molly's bar in town and got down to partaking of his favourite pastime - people, well women really, watching ( and drinking ).
It was while he was on the way home from a rather pleasant session at Molly's
That he decided to try his luck, again, at the Lotto, hell it was their money he was spending now, so why not.&nbsp; He bought $1000 worth of "Combos with Powerball".
He thought he would take random numbers this time, the thought of picking a thousand dollars worth of combinations didn't offer to many thrills.&nbsp;&nbsp; It occurred to him at the time that the chances of winning again must be fucking slim, but then he did recall that at least two people in New Zealand had won the first prize twice, and in&nbsp; both cases within months of their first win. Maybe there is a God after all, or some prat sprinkling lucky dust around. Maybe, just maybe it was his turn.&nbsp; The first prize had not been won for an unusually long period - it had been 4 weeks, ( since he had won basically the first time), and the jackpot had now reached $4.7 million and the powerball had reached 6.2 million. Certainly worth punting a Grand on.

So there he was on Sunday morning nursing yet another splitting bloody headache, reading the Sunday Times, when he thought that he had better check his tickets. Sixty plus tickets was going to take awhile, so he made himself a large pot of double strength coffee and started to check his tickets. It was getting up around 11.00am when Roger started checking his 54th ticket, he new the numbers off by heart now, (1,2,3,25,39,40 bonus number 11 and powerball 7). It hit him smack between the eyes, there it was, those numbers he had been repeating to himself all morning on line three. Jesus fuck! he'd won again!.&nbsp; He quickly checked how many winners got first prize. Two. Shit have to share the first prize, how many got the powerball well that was down to 50% of good luck now.
Ah! only one got the powerball, me or them?. A thought entered his head 'Bet you feel lucky? Punk'. (He felt sure that was a line from some old movie he'd seen in the dim dark past). What was my power ball number. Seven. Yes, Yes Yes and fucking yes again. Shit, how much money do I have now, $9.9Million ( less some spending ) lets say $9.7million left plus today's 50% of $4.7 Million plus the powerball $6.2 Million, grand total $18.25 Million!. Mind you he thought, its sweet fuck-all, if I convert it to US$. A lousy $8.2 Million. Still, sure as hell, don't have to work again. Not if I play my cards right.

Once he had calmed down again, as much as one could calm down after such incredible good fortune, he gave Nancy a call.&nbsp; He liked Nancy, incredibly good to fuck, and she had similar leanings towards S&amp;M as he did. Their sessions in bed ( and any where else for that matter) all ways went on for hours. Although Nancy liked to control people as much as Roger did, she, would bow to his superior mind and take the submissive roll when it was just them together. It was a different story if they decided to pick on a woman in a pub some where. Nancy liked to dominate woman, it was her belief that only a woman truly new how to lick another woman's cunt. From what he had seen of Nancy in action he believed her.
He dialled Nancy's number "Nancy!"
"Yeah, " she said, butting in, before roger could utter another word " what do want Roger, its only bloody 1:30 in the afternoon, my head is still splitting from last night, and my cunt and arse are still cooling down!"
"You are not going to believe this, I won the frigging Lotto again!"
"Roger stop pulling my tits, surely you had enough last night! "
"I'm not!, mind you, that gives me an idea for this afternoon. Why don't you come around later-on, say around 5:00PM and I'll get some food delivered"
"Yeah that sounds like a good idea.". Nancy thought he sure sounds excited. "Now that you've woken me up, I'm going to soak my pussy and arse in one super hot bath. Come to think of it my nipples are a bit sore as well (as she gently squeezed one between her thumb and forefinger). See you around 5".

Yes siree that sure was a good session last night, he still cannot believe the way Nancy can control her love muscles. Superb, she milks his cock with incredible
movements of her sphincter or cunt walls. She also has some good control over her throat muscles as well, and he sure likes that, when she deep throats him. Must find out how she does that could be useful, it would be nice to pass that trick on. 

The doorbell rang waking Roger up from an afternoon doze. Damn the food got here before Nancy. He paid for it, one of those dial a roasts for two, he'll have to keep it warm in the oven. Nancy arrived shortly afterwards, she let herself in, he had given her a key over a year ago, they had no secrets from each other. And if she happened to come in on a fuck session she invariably joined in.

He had also ordered in a crate of champagne so they could celebrate his most fortunate second win.
"Hi Roger" Nancy called out as she came through the door.
"I'm up here" Roger called back.
"What's all this crap about you winning Lotto again, Huh!" shouted Nancy as she climbed the stairs.
"It's the honest bloody truth" Roger shouted back.
"Let me see the Ticket" Nancy said as she reached the landing.
Roger handed her the ticket and the Sunday Times opened on page 3.
Nancy checked his ticket, "Christ you tin arse shit. You have won!!.".
"Glass of, nah fuckit!, bottle of Champagne my dear?" said Roger.
"Yeah lets get pissed" Nancy agreed.

It was just after they had started on their third bottle, somewhat pissed now and rather
full from the roast meal they had had, that some rather good ideas occurred to Roger.
"Nancy, are you happy in your current job?". Nancy was a manager at a temp agency
that gave her access to lots of gullible young woman that, should the opportunity arise, she could take advantage of. She would use her position of selecting candidates for jobs to find herself some good lickers. And as a bonus she brings some up to me for finishing off with a good fucking. She gets them hot and I get some twat. Perfect arrangement really. Well almost. There was no thrill of the hunt. 
"Yeah, its not bad people wise, but the perks make it worth while"
"Can't disagree there. Why I ask is that I have just had some good ideas that you may
like. It would involve you leaving your job".
"What are these ideas?, if they are worth while I'm in, knowing you they'll revolve around pussy in some manner!"

"Bing Bong". "Bing Bong". "Air New Zealand announces the arrival of flight NZ207 from Auckland"
Ah, thought Roger, coming back to the current task at hand. Time to meet Mr Urquhart-Thompson and his daughter Sara-Lee. He almost burst out laughing with the thought, which occurred to him, instead he let a wry smile appear on his face, what a most prophetic choice in name that she had been given 17 years ago. After 2 months of planning, it had nether occurred to him, shit he must be getting a bit slow. The passengers were starting to come through the disembarkation hall, David and his Daughter, were in the first group to come through, David of course had chosen first class all the way. After a few minutes, and still with a smile on his face he began to walk over to where David had guided Sara-Lee - as planned.

As the plane was getting close to landing at Wellington Sara-Lee was beginning to get a little apprehensive. What had she let herself in for. Yes it was true her behaviour was probably testing her fathers patience. Christ she had only been expelled from two High-Schools in the last year, and written daddy's favourite car off, bloody road was slippery. Been arrested for having a bit of alcohol. New Zealand was so far away, they had been on aircraft's for 14 hours. Her fucking legs were giving her cramps. Let alone the frigging pissing around at LAX and Auckland. So she hoped this was all worth it. Daddy had convinced her to sign a contract to abide by her instructor at all times. Failure to do would cost her the inheritance ($60 Million). Christ she can't wait until she is old enough to leave home. At least she can have some fun then. In the mean time she'll go through the motions just to keep daddy happy. After all she really truly loved him she and he just couldn't agree on what was fun.

As they went through the door at the end of the walkway daddy took hold of her arm and guided her to a quite area at the northern end of the airport food plaza. For some reason, which she had yet to work out, daddy had insisted on taking no luggage. This might turn out to be not to bad a trip after all. It will be nice to spend some days buying new outfits. She still could not figure out what this new school was all about either, daddy refused to answer any questions about it. Other than to say that I would be a changed person and have more respect. That was so frustrating she even had to leave her cell phone behind. God she was already missing being able to send txt msg's off to her class mates. The area he led her to was close to the international departure area where daddy would be leaving through in 1 hour. I wonder how much spending money he'll leave me with? God I have to be at this special school for 6 months. I suppose he has arranged for a local bank to supply me with a credit card. 

After about 4 minutes, she could see a rather handsome guy walking their way. He looked as though he was in his early 40's but it was kind of hard to tell. He had a marine style hair cut, and what hair that was left, was a honey blond colour. He also looked fit and in good shape, he wasn't muscular as such but appeared to have no excess fat, a rather handsome effect overall she thought. He must be here to take me to the new school. 

As per my instructions they had bought no luggage for Sara-Lee. David was carrying an overnight bag with enough clothes see him through his return trip. Sara-Lee looked stunning, as he had watched them walk across the airport lounge he guessed weight to still be about 125-130 lbs. Chest at an educated guess he reckoned she was 34B (maybe C) waist good and narrow at 24" and hips at 34". All in all, a lot, better than the plain'ish description David had provided him over drinks at the hotel bar in LA. She was wearing tight leather trousers, that fitted her long legs, Roger thought they have gotta be almost a 37" inside leg. Nice. Her top was a tight fitting stretch over number. When she walked she had that look of condescension, that young rich girls can get when they have more important things to do than be where they are now.&nbsp; You know, txt'ng friends, buying clothes or just lounging around somewhere out of daddy's sight with other equally rich bitch's. Her, shoulder length, honey blond hair looked rather nice and complemented her hazel/green eyes rather well.&nbsp; Her face was well proportioned. Her eyes were placed nicely apart and complimented her fine nose. Her lips were full, not excessively puffed and he could see that if she smiled she would have a wide grin. God he hated tiny mouths. Her chin was slightly triangular but smooth and no dimple. She had a nice flat stomach that was firmly toned. Good, she did work-outs, he would make her continue with that. He also noticed that she had a piercing in her belly button. It was a nice subtle ring with a small diamond. I'm glad she likes piercings. She was looking better all the time.&nbsp; This could workout better than he could ever have imagined.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Sara-Lee?. I'm Roger your new instructor"
"Yeah,&nbsp; Hi!" replied Sara-Lee. Bored.
"Hello David. How were the flights"
"Bloody long" chirped in Sara-Lee.
"That I'll agree with, but I'm sure you'll find New Zealand a nice and very educational place Sara-Lee. David have you brought the contract Sara-Lee signed and her test results?"&nbsp; 
"Sure have. They're all in the envelope". David proceeded to hand over the envelope.

Roger opened the envelope and removed it's contents. Contract signed and witnessed. Excellent. Medical tests showed all clear. Good she was clean, hmm a comment at the bottom from the doctor saying she's still a virgin. Now that's rare for an LA girl thought Roger.

"Now, Sara-Lee"
"What now?, I'm really beat and could do with a good long bath and a long sleep."
"Oh I'm sure we we'll get to those soon enough. The first weeks are going to pretty much very quiet for you. I have an additional contract that I need you to sign, and your Father can witness it."
"Do I have to? Can't we just get moving?"
"Well yes, to both. As soon as we get this done we'll be pretty much on our way".
With that Roger opened his briefcase, and put two copies of the additional contract on the table.
Sara-Lee started to read it.

I, Sara-Lee Urquhart-Thompson, being of sound mind and body, and of my own freewill do forthwith declare that I will follow all instructions without question or hesitation. I further understand that failure to do so will require corrective instruction by my tutor or tutors as deemed necessary at the time. I also understand that said corrective action may appear to myself as being unfair or unjust, but that in the long term, I will come to appreciate the need for such corrections. I also understand that my tutor or tutors will have complete control over my allowance. My clothing will be supplied for me and I must wear any and all articles chosen for me. I further understand that I will have no communication with anyone other than my Tutors unless directed to do so by them. I will only use communication methods deemed as suitable by my tutors.


Signed: ___________________&nbsp;&nbsp; this _____ day of ____________&nbsp; 20____



Witness: ___________________ this _____ day of _____________ 20____&nbsp; 
 

Shit thought Sara-Lee, what the hell is this, this must be some bloody school. It must be like living in a morgue. I suppose the clothes are like the uniforms they used make the communist Chinese wear, that she had read about in history. Yuck and double yuck. 
She screwed up her face in disgust and said "I'm not signing this!".
Sara-Lee's Dad spoke up just then, "Sara my dear, remember our discussion? This is for your own good in the long run. And, I mean, financially as well!". David hated having to use that card, as he loved her so much, but she really was heading down a slippery slope. And it worried him so much, that in the end, he new it was for the best.
Nancy had outlined the school program in rather vague detail to David. She &amp; Roger had plans for her to give practical demonstrations to him when he returned to LA. She was good at that. This was why she was staying behind for a few months in order that she may provide personal instruction for David. It's a tough job she had thought but someone's got to do it. This would ensure that he will be fully prepared on how to correctly handle Sara-Lee in the future.

"Well Daddy. . . Seeing as you put it in that light I guess I can sign."
Sara-Lee signed and dated both copies and David completed his part. David folded his copy and put it in his pocket. He thanked Roger, said goodbye to Sara-Lee and proceeded to leave through the doors to the international departure lounge.
"Bye Daddy" Sara-Lee hollered out.
"See you in six months" came the quieter reply as David went through the smoked glass doors. He didn't look back.
"Sara-Lee!"
"Yes"
In a low sounding voice Roger said "Go now to the female toilets over there," Roger pointed, to the North-east corner, "You are to remove all clothing, make-up and jewellery (you can leave your belly button piercing in place). Put on this dress. All clothing you take off just leave in the cubicle. You won't require them from now on. We'll get you new clothes as required."
Sara-Lee had really only been half listening to what Roger had been saying and only caught the ". . . We'll get you new clothes as required."&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
"What did you say?" She said with a hint of boredom. But he did have her full attention now.
"This is the last time I'll repeat an instruction to you without there being some corrective action being taken! Do you understand?"
"Yes, I hope so" said Sara-Lee
"Good. I said. Go now to the female toilets over there," Roger pointed, to the North-east corner, "You are to remove all clothing, make-up and jewellery (you can leave your belly button piercing in place). Put on this dress. All clothing you take off just leave in the cubicle. You won't require them from now on. We'll get you new clothes as required".
"What?" exclaimed Sara-Lee, with shock showing all over her face, and in a slightly louder than a whisper voice. "I'm not even allowed to keep my bra and knickers on?"
"That&#8217;s correct. Follow my instructions NOW. You have 17 minutes exactly to return.&nbsp; And by the way added Roger "You better go for a pee if you need to. And when you return you are to come back here and sit without uttering another word!" Roger handed her an Indian style cotton dress, that was slightly see through, but only if viewer was standing within several feet due to the dark red colour it had been dyed.
Sara-Lee got up and stormed off to the female toilets.

17 Minutes was just enough time to enjoy a nice coffee in peace. Training had begun.

It took Sara-lee 22 minutes to return. The dress did a good job of making her look plain. But if one watched carefully while she walked it was obvious that there was nothing supporting her fine breasts. Yes that had been a good choice of dress. He was pleased with himself.
"Sara-Lee. It has taken you 22 minutes to carry out those simple instructions. You'll receive your correction for this in 3 hours. Understood?"
"What! So I was a few minutes late!. I have done exactly as you wanted, god knows what for!. Those clothes were bloody expensive ones, now some shit-arse is going to get them for nothing!"
"Sara-Lee" said Roger "I couldn't careless. Your father can by new ones. The point is you disobeyed a set of instructions. Correction must follow. The sooner you learn this the easier life will be."
"Shit!" muttered Sara-Lee.
"By they way", stated Roger, "From now on that will be considered an unauthorised communication! Only speak when asked a direct question. This is your one and only warning"
Shit thought Sara-Lee careful not to let her mouth open this time. This is not going to as easy as she had thought. Well two can play at this game she thought. I'll get even with this shithead.
"Right time to go. You will walk one pace behind me and follow me to the car. We have a 3 hour journey ahead of us". It wasn't really. This is one of the delights of New Zealand, one can be at an international airport, almost smack bang in the City, yet with a three quarter hour drive be out in the middle of farm land. Absolutely bloody fantastic. The three hour drive was designed to start the disorientation of Sara-Lee.
She would have no idea of where she was or how close civilisation really was. 

The car Roger had brought with him today had been modified so that from the front, the driver and passenger, could not see who or what was happening in the back seat.
The rear windows had also had extremely dark plastic film fitted so that passengers in the rear could not see out, nor for that matter, could anyone see in. He had also had a small fridge fitted. The kiddy locks were also conveniently set on. Nancy, through one of her temp workers that she had hired to a hospital, had secured a nice stash of relaxation drugs and other goodies. The drugs were the sort that were used on psychiatric patients to calm them down. Roger had laced a half dozen bottles of coke with just enough that would put Sara-Lee in a relaxed state but not knock her out. He wanted her to loose track of time somewhat and hence loose all sense of where they really where and the directions they had taken.&nbsp; 
"Here we are." Roger opened the rear door for Sara-Lee. "Get in, I've put some coke in the fridge for you, your Father told me that was your favourite drink. I'll be up front so make yourself comfortable as I said before we have a long drive ahead of us." 
Roger closed the door and set off to get the "Dial a Driver" he had prearranged to be parked near by. Not close enough that they would notice Sara-Lee getting into the car, but close enough that it would only take him seconds to get the driver and be on their way. 

So far so good Roger thought to himself. I wonder how long it'll take before she hits the coke?. The "Dial a driver" got in and they set off. The driver unaware of the passenger in the rear, and with the double glassing and sound proofing, he'd never hear her either if she got noisy.

He told the driver that he didn't want to get home too drunk. You know what wives are like he explained. The driver agreed. So would he mind driving around a bit for several hours or so before heading off into the country to his house. He gave the driver the address. The driver remarked that this would be expensive, but Roger quickly responded, that he didn't mind and would pay him, and with a good tip.&nbsp; 
Well with three hours to kill, Roger starting going over in his mind how he had put his plan into action. He and Nancy had sobered up pretty quickly once he explained how he thought this would be a good time to train themselves some willing slaves. Ones that would do anything they wanted. His plan revolved around him first becoming Nancy's employer, technically speaking. Well he would pay her a good salary $100K per year. She enthusiastically agreed. They both then set off to LA to find an apartment he could rent. Having secured one Nancy was then given the task of looking at all the society gossip columns looking for a suitably wayward rich girl. The family had to be rich and with just a father looking after his daughter. When she had found several likely candidates, that took several months, her next task was to get friendly with the father. Knowing Nancy that wouldn't take long. She was a knockout to look at and her Kiwi accent would make her stand out in a crowd. Having got friendly with the father she was then going to introduce him to a school she knew as a means of correcting his wayward daughter. They had to be rich as we decided that we would charge US$10,000 per month for this service. Correction would take at least six months, and the school required 50% up front upon acceptance of his child for their correction training. At that rate they would know that they were going to get good service and know that it was an exclusive school.&nbsp; They just wouldn't realise how exclusive.

Mean while Roger went back to New Zealand. He had a lot to do. First he had to find a suitable house. It had to be remote, by New Zealand terms, and be completely surrounded by trees. The house also had to be a long way from any roads. We didn't
want any prying eyes. After a month he found an ideal place, cost him a heap as well, $780,000. But it was suitable, it was a 2 storey building with 5 bedrooms upstairs, a large kitchen, several large entertainment rooms on the ground floor plus en suites off three of the upstairs rooms. The house was sited almost in the middle of a 20 acre block of hilly land. Perfect, well, almost, a lot of renovation work was required but that suited the overall tasks that had to be done. As it was an old homestead it was constructed out of solid native New Zealand timbers. These lent them selves to his purposes very well indeed.

Next he had to get all the workman in and buy in some essential equipment and supplies. First off he had the wall linings stripped off and had the house fully insulated, rewired with LAN cables, phone connections (of course there were no phone outlets installed in any bedrooms), CCTV coax, and general purpose wires for speakers and microphones (not that the workman were told the real purpose of all this wiring). Once that was done and the walls had been relined and decorated it was looking like a decent home. The whole house was also fitted out with climate controlled (by room) central heating. A wet floor shower unit and toilet were fitted to one of the rooms that didn't have an en suite. This would be her new room. He then purchased top of the range high definition cameras (almost broadcast quality) and a Digital Video Surveillance system based on a PC. The one he chose could do 25 FPS ( REAL time video)per camera feed, had 16 camera inputs, 600 Gigabytes of Hard disk (enough disk space to keep video footage on file for 30 days), and could also work over the LAN or Internet. Internet was essential really so that he, or Nancy, could keep up with the action. Or if he went shopping he could drop into an internet caf� and keep an eye on his student. He had builders install shutters on all the windows, which could be controlled by a central PC in his main office. The builders also built him a large pantry off the side of the kitchen with a walk in fridge and freezer. 
He also had a security company install remote control deadlocks to the front and rear access doors to the house. Again he could control his from his PC. But he made sure when buying the door locks that they also had a remote control.

While all this work was being done he had a 12' foot high fence with electronic gates installed to completely surround the house.&nbsp; He now had full control of access to and from the house. Food, that took him a while, he went around several supermarkets several times, and basically grabbed 5-10 items of just about every thing on the shelf.
He wanted to eliminate the need to leave the house, for supplies, at least for the first 6 weeks or so. 

Having got all the major tasks done he set about getting the necessary equipment to start applying Sara-Lees correction program. God that name was a pain, he thought, I must sit down with a bottle of wine soon and think of a more suitable designation for her.&nbsp; He was going to need bracelets, belts, pulley's and all manner of other devices and implements made. This is one of the beauties of living in New Zealand there are literally thousands of small one man band artisans around the country that can do any manner of one or two item jobs. And cheap. He decided to make a point of having a moniker he had designed etched into the leather.&nbsp; The inspiration for it had come from a PC game he'd installed one day. It was a dark yellow circle with an&nbsp; 'A' shape (without the cross bar) superimposed on the top.&nbsp; The circle he thought represented a woman's holes perfectly and with a little redesign the 'A' shape could represent a pair of legs. Male or Female. So he had started sketching out his new design. After several attempts he had it looking just right. He scanned it in and emailed a copy to Nancy to get her thoughts. He also remembered that she had an old class mate who now worked at a perfume house in France designing new perfumes. He would be perfect for the last secret weapon. So he asked if they still kept in contact with the perfume maker. She responded the next day with total approval on the "logo" and replied that yes she still kept in touch with Michael. He replied back to her with the following requirements for a cologne and could she get Michael to design a one off. He would pay him well for a Litres worth and the final recipe. He new that they would run out one day.
The cologne had to be extremely subtle, just barely noticeable by most people. It had to be able to be worn by a Male or Female. And be able to invoke strong reactions in anyone trained to pick it up. Something like the desire &amp; urge one gets when passing a Big M when they haven't eaten for 5 or 6 hours. Suddenly your brain desires food and urges you to start looking.&nbsp; Nancy passed on the email, suitable edited, to remove any reference to Roger.
The cologne turned up 2 months later, with instructions to keep all but the small amount being used in a very cold refrigerator to stop evaporation.&nbsp; He had wired Nancy the $20,000. He made a note in his notepad of another thought that occurred to him, as well, he didn't want to forget that idea. The scribbled note read: Find good tattoo artist. Which was more than likely after a few drinks.


The driver interrupted his thoughts.
"We're nearly there Sir"
"Thanks I've been day dreaming. Not such good company today I'm afraid."
"No problem Sir. We've actually clocked up just over a 135 miles, this is going to be expensive"
"As I said don't worry about it. What was your per mile rate again?"
"$2.65 per mile return."
"So $800 plus a $500 tip will cover it?"
"Yes sir. Thank you kindly sir"
"No problem. I've enjoyed the peace and quiet. Here's the driveway now on your left"
As they pulled into the driveway Roger activated the remote in his jacket pocket to open the gates.
Roger got out his wallet and handed over the money.
"Do you want a receipt sir?"
"No thanks. Get you and the other driver a treat or two with the tip"
"That we will. Thank you.".
He stopped the car in front of the house.
"Impressive house you have sir"
"Yes, indeed it is. Not so impressive wife inside, though, she'll be as mad as hell."
The driver got out of Rogers car at the same time as Roger and got in the "Dial a Driver car" and they left. Very happy.

As soon as the door to Rogers car was closed on her, Sara-Lee, realised that she could not see out of the car windows. This worried her a bit. Fortunately the cars interior light was permanently on so at least she could see. What sought of school had her father got her into.&nbsp; She could not hear anything, the sounds of aircraft engines had been silenced immediately the door shut. She tried to open the door. It didn't open.
Shit she thought now I'm worried. After what seemed like twenty or thirty seconds, it was hard to tell now that she had no watch, she felt several people get into the car.
She felt rather than heard the engine start. The vibrations could be felt ever so gently through her derriere and groin. Unbeknownst, to her, Roger had had several steel bars fitted from the gearbox up to the mounting directly under the seat to magnify the engine vibrations.&nbsp; She felt the car begin to move. The vibrations seemed stronger.

She started trying to keep track of the turns they made, left, straight for (counted 30), gentle left, gentle right, straight with gentle up and down motion for a count of 48,
came to a stop, accelerated again turning left. Shit there is no way I'm going to remember all of this. How long did Roger say?. That's right, she recalled, three hours.
Quickly she looked around. I need a pen, some paper. Nothing. Absolutely nothing it was absolutely spotless.&nbsp; The fridge. That&#8217;s right Roger said there was a fridge. Where did he say it was?. He didn't, shit. She started looking for a small knob or handle there is got to be one somewhere. Ah! there it is. She opened it up. 6 Cokes and an envelope, well I'm not thirsty. She picked up the envelope, it was sealed. On the front it said 'Dear Sara-Lee do not open this until you see a red light in front of you flashing. This is your only warning!'. Roger had adjusted the climate control on the cars air-conditioning so that after a while she would start to dry out, she'd be into a coke soon enough. Having given up on trying to mentally record the trip Sara-Lee decided to start a count, at least it would give her something to do. 

Man, it's so quiet in here. When she got to a count of 2200, at least she thought it was about that, she had restarted counting several times. That damned silence was making her loose concentration. A nagging thirst was starting to build up. In the end she just kept loosing her count. So she gave up on that as well and grabbed a coke. God she was thirsty. She polished off two bottles one straight after the other. She sat back her thirst now quenched, and relaxed, nothing else I can do she decided.&nbsp; While she was relaxing she started to daydream about what here friends must be doing right now. They'd probably be down at the beach with a couple of bottles of wine soaking up the sun. She wished she was there. She soon was in her daydream. She was lying next to Tom after they had both cleaned up a bottle of wine between them. The sun was beating down, she was feeling good. She could feel Toms hand resting on her thigh. God she wished he would move up a bit higher. She could feel a nice tingling sensation building up from her Clit, she was getting moist. God she loved that feeling. As if reading her mind Tom slowly started to gently massage her leg moving with ever bigger strokes each time. Getting ever close to the source of her pleasure.&nbsp; Finally he started to slide a finger under her bikini bottom. He started gently rubbing around her pubic bone, every now and then he hit her clit which had now swollen with excitement. She spread her legs a little to allow Tom easier access. He continued his gentle massaging spending ever more time energising her clit. She could feel the pressure building and building. Oh GOD I'm cuming!. Oh shit! Yes! Yes! Tom keep going!. She awoke with a startle. Oh shit I'm in this damned car. She felt between her legs. Bugger, I am as wet as, and its all over the seat. Damn Roger for making her take off her panties, she kept a liner in them all the time for just such um emergency's. As she calmed down again she realised that the vibrations from the seat were starting to get her going again. Oh well might as well get some pleasure out of this damned ride.&nbsp; 

She could feel the excitement starting to build again, gaining momentum, she found, by moving around, a slightly stronger source of the vibration. She started to massage her clit, bloody hell she hadn't felt it that big ever, seeing as she was also so damned wet she let herself slide down the seat slightly and opened her legs just enough and slipped a finger in. She started to build up a good rhythm of sliding her finger in and out and nudging her clit with her thumb. Ah that feels so good. Can I get two fingers in. Yes. Hmmm that feels so nice. In out rub, in out rub, faster, and faster.
She felt the car stop. Shit had it been 3 hours already. Bugger, I'll have to wait till I'm having a bath later to finish this off. God she was horny she hoped she could last. Shit the red light was flashing. She grabbed the envelope and tore it open, she wondered how long the light had been flashing. She quickly removed a single sheet of paper from the envelope. On it was written;

Sara-Lee, in a draw under the seat there is a balaclava, put it on and pull the strings comfortably tight and then tie them in a knot. Then put you hands at your side. 
NOW.

Again she felt rather than heard the front passengers get out of the car. Damn she had better get moving, she reached under the seat, she found the balaclava and put it on. It had been specially made for Roger so that the wearer lost the use of their eyes, but could still breath though their nose and had full use of their mouth.&nbsp; 
She wondered whether or not they had arrived or was this some refreshment break. Shit you don't have time for that girl she thought. She got the balaclava on and struggled to get a knot tied. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity she got the knot tied just at the moment that the car door opened. She got her hands at her side as instructed just in time (she hoped).&nbsp; Sara-Lee couldn't see a thing through her new covering, so was unaware that Roger had in actuality seen her arms coming to a rest at her side. Roger said nothing. Phew that was close. I must pay attention to what is happening. Christ he's getting to me already. Nah screw it I'll comply for now until I get an idea of what happens around here. God she still could feel her clit tingling.

Roger opened the door, he just caught sight of her hands coming to rest at her side. He had caught her off guard as he had hoped but not by enough. So he let it slide. It'll be good for her to learn that obeying avoids correction. He reached in, and without uttering a sound, grabbed Sara-Lee firmly by the upper arm and guided her out of the car and into the house. 
When they reached the stairs, he quietly said "stairs". He proceeded to guide her up the stairs. He took her to the corrections room.
It was large 40' X 40'. He had a desk in one corner with a nice leather executives chair from which he could survey the whole room.
He made her stop at a point about 3 feet from the front of the desk.
"Put your hands at your side and spread your legs about two feet" commanded Roger.
Sara-Lee, listening this time, decided as there appeared to be no risk to this and complied with Rogers instructions.
"Sara-Lee you are to stand here and say nothing until I say otherwise. Do you understand. You may answer"
Phew bit on the regimented side thought Sara-Lee but she answered anyway "Yes"
"From now on you will call me MASTER and you are never to call me Roger again. What was your answer again?"
"Yes, . .&nbsp; . Master".
"Good. Remember that."
"Sara-Lee. Think of a number between one and one hundred. Then tell me what it is".
Roger new that on average people chose 73 or 37. He hoped it would be 73.
"37" she replied and as an after thought added "master".
Bugger thought Roger. Oh well at the end of the day it really isn't going to make much difference. He entered the number into a program he had put together just for this purpose.&nbsp; The number once entered was displayed on two digit displays all around the house. He had made sure that each room had a display.
"Right. Stand still and keep quiet." Roger wondered how long it would take before she uttered something. As an exercise to get her thinking about how to behave he was going to subtract 1 off her number for each minute she kept quiet. At this point she was unaware of the significance of the number she had chosen.&nbsp; This would also serve to give him some idea of her will power, if she didn't last long she would be easy to correct. 
5 Minutes went by. Not a peep. 
10 Minutes had no gone by. Good she at least was no snivelling weak shit.
The timer now read 14. Getting better.
"Rog. . I mean Master how long must I stand here?"
"Sara-Lee your number has been adjusted to 23. Shut up. Now. Oh and that reminds me I almost forgot I have to add the 5 minute adjustment from earlier today. Your number is now 28" 
Oh shit thought Sara-Lee what does he mean by my number has been adjusted to 28?
"Sir, I mean Master"
"Your number has been adjusted to 29."
Oops thought Sara-Lee, this doesn't bode well. I had better shut up. She bit her lip to stop herself from uttering another word.&nbsp; 
Roger opened the draw in his desk and removed a collar, two wrist bands and two ankle bands. He placed them on the desk. Sara-Lee obviously heard him put them there as he noticed she had cocked her head slightly. She was wise enough to not say anything though. Quick learner. 
He grabbed the collar and went and stood behind Sara-Lee. He reached over her head and fitted the collar to her neck tightening it just enough so that only his small finger could get between her skin and the collar. The collar, had been made for Roger with one large metal ring above the adjusting strap and had two smallish self closing clips. One on each side. 
He then went back to his desk and picked up the two wrist bands. Each of which had four metal rings imbedded in them. He stood in front of her. 
"Raise both arms until they are level". Sara-Lee complied quickly. Roger fitted one&nbsp; band to each wrist. "put your arms up behind your neck". Sara-Lee hesitated for two seconds.
"your number has been adjusted to 31." Stated Roger.
Why did he do that?. Sara-Lee thought about it. Damn! I know why. I was slow to do as he asked. What the fuck is that number for? thought Sara-Lee. What ever it is whenever I'm slow to do as instructed it goes up. I don't like the thought of that.
With her hands behind her neck Roger went back around behind her and using the clips on the collar locked the wristbands in place.
He took a few paces back to admire her. Hmm looking ripe, the ice-cream is in the cone all he has do is lick-it and eat-it. He smiled to himself. Pleased.&nbsp; 
He adjusted the climate control down to 12 degree's C.
"Sara-Lee continue to stand there. Silent!."
Roger sat in his chair for awhile 25 minutes ought to do it. He reset the timer and waited.
The timer ticked over to 25. Ah she indeed is learning.
Roger picked up the ankle bands and knelt down by her legs, the sweet smell of her pussy was strong down here, he hadn't noticed it before, she must have had at least one orgasm in the car on the way here. That drug he had put in the coke obviously had worked well on her. It apparently allowed some woman to get very sexually excited as well as relaxed. A Woman's version of Viagra. He was pleased she was in the lucky percentage.
The ankle bands now fitted he went over to the far wall and selected a couple of chains. He had hundreds made of all different sizes and lengths. Each one had self closing clips at the ends. He chose two six inch ones. He walked back to Sara-Lee and kneeling down again opened a small hatch in the floor that exposed a metal ring. There were hundreds of these all over the floors and walls of the house. To the casual observer they looked like some oddball decorator had done the decorating of the place. He clipped the chain to each ankle and the nearest floor ring. Sara-Lee was visibly shaking a bit now a mixture of cold and fear. She was now unable to move more than a few feet without falling over. With out the use of her arms should would do some painful damage if she fell. Roger thought he better point this out as the next steps she's bound to try and run, and he doesn't want her with that sort of damage. Wouldn't look good.
"Sara-Lee. You have felt me putting bands on your wrists and ankles. Your arms are clipped to your neck collar. Your ankles are chained to the floor. Try moving them."
Sara-Lee tried to move her right leg it only moved 2 inches. She tried the other leg it moved 3 inches. Shit. I better be careful not to loose my balance or I'm fucked she decided. 
"As you can see you better keep both feet FIRMLY planted where they are. Otherwise you'll fall over. Simple. I won't catch you either." He would really but no point letting her know that.
"Do you UNDERSTAND.!:" he suddenly shouted. "You may answer" he added in a firm voice.
". . . YES" she replied and quickly added "Master" almost in a whisper.
She is indeed a quick leaner. She's got some brains. Good thing for him she hadn't used them back home.
Roger went back to his desk and got out the scissors, time to remove that dress, and really nail it home that she is here to do what he says. He worked the scissors a few times. He could see her start to squirm obviously not being able to figure out what was going to happen next. Ahhh! the fun begins.
"Don't lose your balance." He reminded her.

Roger knelt down behind her. Hmm that pussy odour again. Sure smells nice. He grabbed her dress at the base and started to cut the material straight up the back. He cut all the way to the neck hole. He then cut horizontally from the vertical cut across
and through the sleeves on both sides. He then walked around to the front of her and with one quick motion removed the dress from her. Naked. She began shaking even more. Good thought Roger. He had turned the temperature down so that her nipples would fully extend. It also had the added benefit of making her skin far more sensitive. She was also shaking from the absolute embarrassment of her situation now. Chained and naked and she had no idea who was in the room. No one had ever seen her naked, not even Tom her boyfriend, even though he had tried many times. She had resisted, she hadn't fully decided when to go all the way with Tom. She rather liked teasing him. 

Roger sat back against his desk to admire her. Breasts yep definitely B cups, that was good he didn't like huge tits. Her nipples protruded straight ahead, the areolas were about 1 1/2 inches across and a deep pink almost brown. They contrasted well with her fair skin. The nipples, which due to the cold, were at their maximum extension were slightly over a 1/4" long and just under a 1/4" in diameter. A bit larger than one would have expected, from the breast size, but perfect for the future.&nbsp; 
Her mons veneris was covered in a thick layer of honey blond pubic hair. Good she wasn't a suicide blonde. Nothing worse than bleached hair it ruined the night when the blond you went out with had black pubic hair. The affect when they were naked was terrible. Her pubic hair would have to go anyway, the bloody things get stuck in your throat, and are a real bitch to get out sometimes. He quietly stepped closer to her and crouched so that his face was at eye level with her mons. He wasn't close enough that she would feel his breath but he was close enough that he could check out her vagina at least visually for now. Now that he was this close he could see that her pubic hair was very matted in some places. She had obviously frigged herself quite well in the back of the car. The labia majora were well rounded, her labia minora was a deeper shade of pink, almost matching her areolas in colour and protruded nearly half an inch out from the labia majora. A rare site indeed, and one that pleased him.&nbsp; With her legs parted as they were, he could just see the upper tip of her clitoris. She must be still a bit horny from the car trip. That drug works well he thought. He blew some air on her labia. She started to jump in fright, but managed to catch her self in time. He stood up and went behind her.
"Bend over until you feel your head touch my desk. Then stay in that position until I tell you to move".&nbsp; Sara-Lee complied even though she knew that such a position was going to expose her anus and vulva to Roger. She had no choice. Roger quietly, knelt down once again, until his eyes were level with her anus. Good not a hairy one, and from the looks of it, it was in a virgin condition. Its firmly puckered state was getting him aroused. The vulva looked slightly red and puffy and the hairs around it were very matted. He could see some dampness there, although she must be embarrassed, she obviously found this a little exciting at least on a deeper subconscious level. He blew her vulva a kiss, it was heartening to see her jump with surprise again.
Roger went back to his chair, Christ he had a raging boner, still he'll have to wait a bit more time yet before he could deal to that.
"Sara-Lee. I'm going to read you some rules. I will ask you if you understand their meaning and you can answer yes of no. Any answer other than yes or no will earn you one point on your count. Some of them will be statements requiring no answer. Do you understand? You may answer"
"Yes Master."&nbsp; 
"I will also ask you some other questions to which I want brief answers mainly yes or no. If you listen it will be clear to you what is required. Understand. "
"Yes Master."&nbsp;&nbsp; 
"From now on within this house you will be known simply as Y. Understand"
"Yes Master."
"What is your name?
"Sar . . . Y. master" Y replied
"Very good. It will pay for you to remember that." stated Roger. He continued "If your wondering why I have chosen this name for you it is because the shape of your body with your hands at your sides and legs parted remind me of an inverted Y. And I intend to invert your behaviour. It will also serve to remind you of the position you must maintain your legs in."

" Rule #1 At all times you must keep your legs parted by at least 1 foot. Each failure to do so will earn you 2 points on your count. That&#8217;s 1 for each leg. Is that clear?"
"Yes Master."

"Rule #2 You may not, under any circumstances, look a Master or Tutor directly in the eyes. You must always be looking slightly downward with respect. This rule has some sub-clauses which I won't bore you with right now. Breaking this rule earns you 5 points on your count. Understand?"
"Yes Master."

"Rule #3 You may not initiate a conversation with a Master or Tutor. If you wish to ask a question and you are not otherwise engaged with a Master or Tutor you may kneel on the floor with your hands stretched out in front of you touching the floor. Breaking this rule earns you 3 points on your count. Your Master or Tutor will command you to speak when they wish to hear your question. Understand?"
"Yes Master."

"Rule #4 You must comply with all instructions from a Master or Tutor without hesitation. Breaking this rule in Public or while other Masters or Tutors are present will earn you 10 points on your count. If a Master or Tutor are the only ones present then they will pick a point count between 1 &amp; 5 depending on the level of delay. Understand?"
"Yes Master."

"Rule #5 You must at all times keep your body thoroughly cleaned. You will perform your body cleaning duties at least three times per day. 30 min before Breakfast. 30 min before Lunch and 50 min before Dinner. You will also do so anytime a Master or Tutor directs you to do so. Breaking this rule will earn you 10 Points on your count. Understand?"
"Yes Master."

"Rule #6 You may not remove anything a Master or Tutor instructs you to wear for any reason. You will be wearing it for a reason that only Master or Tutors need to be concerned about. Breaking this rule earns you 5 points on your count. Understand?"
"Yes Master."

"Rule #7 From the time your official correction begins your daily count will start at
15. It will be reset each night before you retire to bed. Understand?"
"Yes Master" replied Sara-Lee. What does he mean by reset?. 

"Right those are your current set of rules." 
"Y have you had vaginal sex yet?
"Huh?"
"Your count has been adjusted to 32"
"No Master". Shit! that question through her off guard. What the bloody hell is this count thing? She thought. Shit better listen to these questions.
Well she told the truth, after all her bad behaviour, that was unexpected. Roger started firing some questions at a faster rate to her. 
"Y have you had anal sex before?"
" . . No! Master"
"Y have you have you ever given a guy a blowjob?"
"Yes Master"
"How many times. A number please?"
"Four . . Master"
"Same guy?"
"Yes . . .Master" 
"Your boyfriend in California"
"Yes Master"
"Do you love your father?
"Yes Master"
"Do you understand why you are here?
"Yes"
"Your count has been adjusted to 33."
What the fuck was that for thought Sara-Lee. Oh shit!!. I forgot to add master.

"Your father has asked me to administer your punishments that you have earned so far with your misbehaviour before coming here. Plus indiscretions earned today. You agree that you agreed to this correction treatment and signed a contract requesting such?"
"Eh?"
"Your count has been increased to 34!."
"Yes Master" Shit, he was correct, she had. The loose meaning of the wording was becoming clearer now. But it was to late to get out of it. Shit and shit again. I'll have to go with it for now.
"Thank you Y."
Roger entered her responses into his database. He planned to keep a detailed record for the future. Just never know when this could come in handy.&nbsp; 

Roger stood up and walked to wall opposite the "wall of chains" and selected a cane.
Y still had her head covering on and was still bent over touching the table. 
"Y I remind you not to move or lift your head up at any stage. Also remember your legs are chained to the floor." Said Roger as he came up behind her and to her left hand side.&nbsp; First he had to get her arousal increased again it was most important that she relate her pain to pleasure if he was ever going to invert her. He new he would, in the end, especially as he knew that the drugs Nancy had procured for him worked on her so well. Roger kneeled down low behind her and gently started to touch the skin above Y's ankles with his fingers.

Y could feel his gentle touch, it surprised her at first, she had been expecting some sort of punishment to begin. Due to the fact that she had been unable to finish her orgasm before this unexpected touching had started to get her going again. She could feel him getting ever so slowly higher and higher. Her clitoris was starting to send those tell tale signs to her brain yet again for the third time today. This was the most she had ever experienced and it was nice. She could feel her cunt juices start to flow again as her clitoris got ever more impatient to be stimulated. Roger continued his ever higher massaging, swapping from leg to leg. Y's brain was starting to go into an ever greater state of excitement as the tingling from her clitoris increased. Shit I have to stop this, I can't let this absolute stranger, and my tutor, make me cum. I can't. I can't. But the lack of completion from her earlier excitement in the car was overriding her consciousness. How will I be able to face him during classes. Ohhh shit he's reached my vulva. Roger continued his gentle touching. He could see by her breathing, which was now starting to quicken that she was getting drawn ever deeper into her desire for an orgasm. Roger used his index finger to gently part her luscious engorged labia. He noticed she was now extremely wet. Good. She felt him gently prod her anus, not a full insertion, it was just enough to let her know he was there. She instinctively tightened her sphincter, but at the same time she felt a wave of pleasure rush to her clitoris. She would never have expected that. It surprised her and added to all the other stimulation she was receiving. A few more minutes of this and she'll be ready thought Roger.&nbsp; Y could feel she was getting close to an orgasm now and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Roger now started to use some of her dripping cunt juices to help slide his finger between he inner labia folds. Ohhh chrissst that feels good thought Y as he entered her inner regions. God please Roger massage my clit. It took all that remained of her self control to be careful not to speak. Roger reached her clit, using another finger he spread her inner folds and gently started squeezing her clit. Ohhh goooddd a few more of those and I'm going to cum. Roger judged by her breathing and the pulsing of her labia that she was about to cum. He removed his hand. 
Ooohhh&nbsp; nooooo he's stopped noooo please continue her brain and clitoris were begging for release. Her clit was on fire, it continued to send its messages to her brain but release was not one of the answers.&nbsp; 
"Lesson number one. I say when you cum." 
Roger stood up "Y you are to start counting from 34 down to zero. You will count to 5 silently before you utter the next number. Arch your back downwards now. Understood?"
"Yessss Masssterrr" she managed to get out. She arched her back as directed. Y realised that it had the effect of exposing more of her extremely moist lips outwards.
"Start" commanded Roger.
"34" Thwack. Sheeeit. She had just felt a sharp blow across her arse. It hurt like hell.
She counted to five. The significance of the count was only too clear now.
"33" Thwack. Oh shit that one was lower. Oh christ don't hit my pussy I couldn't bear that. She counted to 5
"32" Thwack. He'd hit her Tits. The sound was echoing in her head now. Oh christ why had I been so bad for Daddy?. Oh shit count to 5.
"31" Thwack. Oh shit he was back on her arse. But getting lower please not my pussy. I'll be good she thought. She new that she mustn't speak. So her pleadings went unheard. Oh shit, bugger bugger count to 5 
Roger could sense a slight delay before he heard Y say "30". He was taking a carefully planned approach. He wasn't hitting her with full force yet. That would come later. He had to allow her time to adjust her pain threshold. Thwack. He hit her tits again. With each count he chose a slightly different place&nbsp; he was saving the best for the last couple. Y continued to count down, he admired her will power she had yet to pass-out and they were now down to 4. Y's tits and arse were looking very red. He didn't want to break the skin so each hit had been carefully aimed such that he never landed in the same spot twice. 
"4" whispered Y. All thoughts of an orgasm now temporarily forgotten.
Roger hit her across her Vulva just below her anus.
"3" 
Again he hit her vulva, but slightly lower, some of her cunt juices leaked out.
"2" Thwack. Just about where her clit was. 
"1" 
This time Roger got almost directly behind her and swung the cane straight up between her legs. Whack. Smack bang dead centre.&nbsp; 
Y almost fainted at that last hit. Sheeeit that had hit her right on her clit and her inner labia had splayed outwards. Pain signals shot to her brain. With all of her sticky, half dried juices, that&#8217;s where they stayed for a short time.
Roger put down the cane and proceeded to gently massage her labia again now. This mixture of pleasure, pain, and pleasure again would start her on the road to full correction.
Oh bloody hell, she could feel her clit, although extremely sore, was sending its pleasure signals again. Why?. Then it slowly dawned on her she could feel Rogers fingers at work again. He was carrying on from where he had left off.&nbsp; Roger had knelt down behind her again and she could feel his lips gently kissing her labia. God, that felt nice, pain signals were still getting through. This was confusing for her. Roger used his tongue to start gently massaging her clit, continuously&nbsp; flicking it from side to side and then up and down. Every now and then he would suck it, like a lamprey, into his mouth. He could see her cunt juices start to flow again. Y's breathing had quickly returned to its fast rate from before her correction had begun. He new that the unsatisfied desires from before would allow her brain to return quickly to its heightened state. Roger now began to insert a finger into the anxiously waiting hole. The amount of natural lubrication, she had, allowed this to happen easily. He began frigging her with his finger whilst using his thumb to stimulate her clit. Very quickly Y was ready to cum again. Roger stopped.
Ohhh Noooo not again. Y was now desperate, to cum, her brain was in overload, inundated with pleasure and pain requests. The cane marks that had been sending pain waves had now changed to pleasure signals. She couldn't cope with this. She silently pleaded with Roger to continue and finish her orgasm.
"Y would you like to cum?"
"Yes Master. Yes master"
"I will allow you to do so soon. Would you like me to deflower you?". Roger new that this deflowering would forever create a link between them.

She had half expected him to just take her. Rape her now. But Roger new he had to get her to consent. This unexpected question started, a short but raging battle, in her mind. Her conscience &amp; her feelings for Tom Vs her clitoris and its needs and powerful desires. Her subconscious sided with her vital organ. She had managed to say NO to Tom for almost a year. Although, she had to agree, he had never managed to attain this level of arousal in her. Her subconscious quickly gained the upper hand and was forcing her mouth to form that word. Nooooo repeatedly demanded her conscious mind. Yes! Yes! Was reverberating through her mind now. She felt her throat forming THE words. Should couldn't stop them.
"Yes Master, please put your cock in me. Pleeeeaaase!. I neeeed yoooouuuu Nowww!!" she pleaded, desperation in her voice
In a firm and steady voice Roger spoke "I will allow you, that one, indiscretion on speech as this is your first experience at such sensory levels". Y was so involved in her battle she never even registered Rogers response. Her subconscious did though. Delighted that it had won. 

Roger removed his trousers, while he continued coaxing Y along on her seesaw ride to orgasm. He was keeping her just on the edge. The dam in Y's mind was almost full to over flowing. She new that it was going to burst soon. He wanted, no needed, the pain of her deflowering to trigger her orgasm. Using his free hand he reached into his shirt pocket and removed the small vial of cologne. He placed several drops around her neck collar.&nbsp; The cologne would slowly drift into her nostrils and be just one of many new smells she would be sensing today. But, because of its design and uniqueness, her subconscious would detect it and link it to this moment in time. At the moment of her massive orgasm the synapses in her brain would mix the pleasure signals and cologne detectors together. It was a natural reaction. The brain at this level was very simple. It would forever link them. Each time he allowed her to cum, during her correction training, she would be able to smell Rogers special cologne in order to continue to build these links. In years to come she will be able to detect the cologne in any room and KNOW that a master was near by. Her body would automatically start lubricating her cunt hole, and raising her sexual awareness in preparation, in case the Master wanted her. As this would be her 'trigger' she would be able to go about her life normally. However the plain men in her life would never be able to make he reach these levels of sexual arousal and she would quickly tire of their feeble abilities. She would soon get bored with them and cease trying to copulate with them. She would view them, with disdain, as being totally inadequate. 

Roger, now that he had her consent &amp; her approval (he would not need to seek approval later, she would be eager to proceed), inserted his cock head, his circumcised cock was 8" long and had a generous circumference of just over five and a half inches (fat by most standards but sure opened them up, he smiled, at the thought), into her love tunnel until he could just feel the pressure being exerted by her hymen. It slid in easily so he would have to be careful, timing was everything, he didn't want to unlock the door to soon. Roger could feel her body starting to force itself back onto his cock, he pulled back to match. Keeping just the right amount of pressure on her last method of resistance. At her conscious level Y couldn't believe the size of the penis that had begun to impale her. It felt like a baseball bat. God it was huge. Her pussy lips had been stretched further than she could have imagined, occasionally she felt some pain but it was soon overridden by pleasure.. Please stop, it, it won't fit, couldn't possibly fit. She couldn't see how. She felt herself starting to move backwards. She couldn't stop it. It's really going to happen oh noooo. 

He started to massage her clit more vigorously again. He watched her body for the signs that she was about to orgasm. Her breathing was reaching a rapid pitch, he could feel that her clitoris had enlarged to nearly twice its normal size. The cologne had invaded her nostrils now. She never conscientiously detected it in her current state. But, just as her subconscious did, Roger thought to himself, NOW, he rammed his cock in. Unaware of his perfect timing. Like a juggernaut his cockhead drove down her sheath, powered by his hips, all the way to the hilt. Y let out an almighty yelp! and cry and proceeded to cum and violently convulse all at the same time, in huge waves, the pain of her hymen breaking had done its job. Y's brain was now forever linking pain with pleasure. Now he had to enhance it. Being her first time Rogers fat member had stretched her to new limits. As he had driven it right to the hilt he waited, a few seconds, to allow her love tunnel muscles to adjust to their new dimensions. This was for his satisfaction now he, badly, needed to cum. He had waited for this moment all day. Roger started to pound her cunt with all his might and total abandon. He pounded her for 10 minutes before he was shooting great spurts of his spunk into her womb. Her pussy was stretched so tight that nothing could escape.

He had been careful to make sure that she had been given a long-term contraceptive so there was no need to use protection. When he finally stopped cumming he pulled out of her and put his trousers back on. His cum and her cum juices were mixed with her hymen blood and started to drip out of her pussy and onto the floor. He released her arms and ordered her to cup one hand over her Vulva immediately to prevent further leakage. He then ordered her to stand up straight. He new that having her hold her hand there would continue to stimulate her clitoris. This would be more so when he walked her to her room. It would keep the pain and pleasure sensations being mixed together in her brain. Strengthening the bonds. Pain = pleasure = orgasm = Master. Y's whole body was still shaking from the adrenaline, her legs were weak she felt sure she wouldn't be able to stand as ordered. She hoped he would not keep her standing to long. Gradually her body consumed the adrenaline, and her muscles gained some control again. This pleased her, she relaxed a little.
Roger adjusted the room temperature back up to a comfortable 20 degrees.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Roger removed her chains. He put them back on the wall.
"Y. Your count for today has been reset to Zero"
Oh Gggoooddd Y thought. So that is what he means by reset. I'm going to have to endure this every day. I'm not going to be able to stand it. I'll have to get in touch with daddy and get him to take me home. She began to realise that having her hand covering her vulva was still sending pleasure signals. When will this stop?.
"Y I will take you to your room soon. You must leave your hand exactly where it is. Do not attempt to stimulate yourself. I have not given you permission to do so. At other times I will allow it". Roger new that she would not be able to comply once they started walking it would happen all by itself.
"You must understand that I have cameras placed all over the house and that I will be recording everything you do. And I mean EVERYTHING. Your privacy ceased an hour ago when we arrived here. Understand?"
"Yesss R..Master" Y replied. Her voice quivering with sexual excitement, the remnants of pain, and fear.

Roger grabbed her free arm and guided her to the door. He walked her down the hall to her room.&nbsp; Oh nooo thought Y. No my name is Sara-Lee. Having to walk and holding my hand here is forcing me to stimulate my clitoris again. She could feel another orgasm beginning to form. Christ I hope Ro. .&nbsp; .I mean Master won't notice.
Roger indeed had noticed the change in her gate as she walked. But as it was planned so he said nothing. He noted the ease at which she was beginning to respond. 

They entered her room. Roger removed her balaclava. Even in the dim light it took Y's eyes a minute to adjust. Roger allowed her some time to get her eyes adjusted and survey the room. To the left of the door was a large 4 poster bed. There was a chain connected to each post. In the corner diagonally opposite the door was a wet floor shower, a toilet and a bidet. Turning back to the door Y could see a full-length mirror and a hand basin. The part of the floor under the mirror was also a mirror. The shelf above the wash basin was fully stocked with odourless soaps, shaving creams and boxes of razors. Roger must also be going to do his morning toiletries here thought Y.
The walls and ceiling were painted a dark shade of brown almost black. It felt imposing. Next to the bed was an exquisite leather chair. She would never get to use it. Where was the camera?. She looked around, Christ, it was right in the corner of the room above the door. From that angle most of the room was visible.&nbsp; At least the toilet and shower were a long way a way. Well at least as far as you could get in this room. And there wasn't much light. So she would have some semblance of privacy. Roger however had installed a powerful Pan tilt Zoom camera with its own Infrared light source so even in the dim room he would get extreme close ups of anything he chose.

Roger removed her collar and ankle and wrist belts. They would only swell up in the water when she showered. He gave her a little slap on he arse cheek, just to remind her of her recent punishment, before. He said "Y go and shower and if you need to take a pee or crap do that as well. Shower last. I'll be seated over here in MY chair".
Y was about to object to doing her toiletries while he was in the room, but that little slap on her rear, had done its job. She held her tongue. Now that she thought about it she was busting for a crap &amp; a pee. She wouldn't be able to hold off much longer anyway. She proceeded to do her business. Another small milestone had been breached in Y's mind. The shower was looking inviting.
Roger figured she would be looking forward to the shower so he called over to her "you have 5 min to clean your self thoroughly. There is a timer on the shower that starts as soon as you turn on the water. Watch it carefully". 
Five minutes. Fucking shit thought Y. I ache from top to bottom. I guess a bath is not going to happen either. Better get it done.

Roger watched with satisfaction as she raced through her tasks. He was pleased that she had shown annoyance at the news about the short shower. She hadn't fully given in yet.&nbsp; But she had made concessions that were slowly breaking her will down.
She finished exactly on time. Good, the rules were sinking in. He noticed that as expected she had rushed cleaning her genitals in her haste to complete her shower.
Y dried her self with the towel that was hanging on the towel-rail heater. She decided it might be best to hang it up again. She did so.
"Y come over here and stand in the middle of the room".
Y proceeded to walk to were she had been told. She noticed some square panels on the floor, actually come to think of it, they seemed to be all over the place. She almost forgot to keep her legs apart as she came to a standstill arms at her side. Just like a Y.
Damn it I'm Sara-Lee she thought.
Roger replaced her collar and belts. He put her balaclava back on and tied the knot again.
"Y bend over.". What now. Not again!.
Roger quickly inserted two fingers into her love tunnel. Y jumped, startled. As he expected it still contained a mixture of their fluids from before. He removed his fingers.
"Y open your mouth"
Y complied. She had yet to figure out the significance of this command. Master walked around and stood in front of her. Oh GOD he has just inserted his fingers in her mouth. The waves of revulsion hit her suddenly and with utter violence. She was going to be sick.
"Y do not be sick. Control it. NOW"
Y struggled to stop her stomach from heaving. She finally succeeded.
As soon as her heaving stopped Roger began to admonish her for her lack of hygiene.
"Y this is unacceptable. As you can taste. I, and no master, will ever want to taste this lack of cleanliness again. Do you UNDERSTAND?". He shouted the last word for full effect.
"Yes Master" Y mumbled through the fingers in her mouth.
"Good lick them clean. Now".
Ughhh this was so disgusting thought Y. She must remember to flush her vagina out next time.&nbsp; She finally finished. She finally could not taste their juices on his fingers anymore.
&nbsp; 
"Y stand up". 
Y straightened up.
"Y go and lie on the bed with your arms and legs stretched out to each post" 
Y tried to remember how many paces it was to the bed. She started walking and counted them off. She should be here now. One more. Ah made it. She climbed onto the bed and stretched out as instructed. Roger tied each of her appendages to the bed posts using the chains. He then taped a small tube just between her tits such that if she stretched she would be able to get her mouth onto it.
"Y. I have taped a tube just with in reach of your mouth, if you stretch, it contains a refreshment for you. However I would urge caution in its use. You will be restrained like this for quite some time, and you are not to soil the bed in any way. If you do your count will go up by 30. I will come into the room at the same time each day to release you so that you may do your toiletries. You will also be given some food when you need it. You will then be shackled up again. Understand?"
"Yes&nbsp; Master".

Roger had added some of the drug to her drink. Seeing as the test sample had worked so well he began with the same ratio. It would serve to prevent her from being able to tell how long she had been there, and would keep her in a relaxed state where she could daydream and relive her punishments and orgasms. She would be kept like this for about 2 weeks, depending on her rate of change. She'll be absolutely craving some company by then. Her mind will be very receptive. Roger was not going to go in at the same time each day rather it would be at random times. Which would disorient her even more. Roger turned the climate control for the room up to 21 degrees. It would create the necessary thirst in a reasonable time frame. She will start to drink. I wonder if she'll keep control. Roger left the room. 
 
Y heard the door close. Silence. There was nothing but silence. The room temperature
was fine. She certainly didn't need any clothes. Apart from being stretched out in this way with her vulva exposed to the world, it was comfortable. She started to wonder how she was going to get out of this mess. There is no way she is going to tell her best friend about this. She was definitely going keep her mouth shut for sure. God how embarrassing it had been. A stranger had brought her to an orgasm and she had begged him to do it. She had even begged him to penetrate her. Poor Tom. She had been going to let him be her first soon. That will never be now.&nbsp; It did seem funny to her though that the pain had somehow changed to pleasure as Rog. . . Um Master had brought her closer to orgasm.&nbsp; Can she reach this tube?. She stretched her head forward. No. Stretch a little further, her neck was in a little pain, ah yes got it. Mustn't drink yet. I don't know how long until Master comes back. Shit she's using master even in her thoughts almost constantly now. Mind you if she doesn't and calls him Roger that'll cost her some more canning. She suspected that today had not been at full strength. There was worse to come. Roger had not used full strength for good reason.

Roger had gone back to his office he wanted to review the videos of her canning today.&nbsp; He had pre-set a zoom camera up to be focused on where her arse &amp; pussy would be. He watched them over and over while he sat down and enjoyed a nice bottle of wine. He then picked the video that showed the last swing. He watched it at 1 Frame per Second. Beautiful the way the inner labia parted as the cane came up. They quivered as the cane vibrated and came to a stop. Digital was certainly the way to go the quality was just amazing each frame looked like a digital photo. And at 25FPS he got a new picture every 40 millie-seconds. Nancy's going to love this. He saved it as an AVI file. He emailed it to Nancy with hugs &amp; kisses.

Roger went back to camera preview mode and looked in on Y. She was lying dead calm on the bed, he watched her try to find the tube, was she going to drink. No she's left it for now.&nbsp; He had to wait until she had had several good drinks and, then some, to let the drug get to work on her. He would over the course of the next 2 weeks gradually reduce the level of drug until she was getting none at all. She would at this stage be self starting. Time for a meal decided Roger it's been a hard day.

Roger prepared himself a nice juicy steak and some oven fries. He demolished them quickly. He grabbed another bottle of wine and went back to his office. He decided to have a couple of glasses of wine first before reviewing the last hour of video. Y had been in the room now for two hours. After reviewing the video he found that she had waited nearly an hour before she took her first sip. Once she started though she was having a sip about every 10 minutes. Roger went and checked on how much she had consumed so far. The bottle was actually in his office which backed onto her room. 300ml. The drug will be performing its magic by now. He judged she'd have at least another two hours before she realised she needed to pee. She would probably only be able to hold on for another hour after that. He would monitor her again around then to see how she was coping.&nbsp; After 3 and half hours she was really starting to squirm. Roger could see her hips twisting and jerking on the bed. Soon it'll be time to put her out of her misery. He didn't want to have to cane her to much yet. He wanted to give her skin time to toughen up. Within 10 minutes she was at rest again. Roger zoomed in with the camera so that he could see her face and chest. The rhythmic breathing told him she had fallen asleep. Oh well might as well get some sleep myself he decided.

Y had finally let herself take a sip, it was just a short sip at first then she realised she was actually quite thirsty, so had a few more sips.&nbsp; After a few minutes she was feeling good about herself again and had relaxed completely. She couldn't understand why, after today, she should be feeling like shite. But she wasn't. How long since my last drink? It must have been at least half an hour probably even more. Damn can't judge time like this. She had another sip, and seeing as she thought she had waited for a long time, she took, a much longer sip. Her mind drifted back to earlier today and her correction treatment. It had come as such a shock. But as her correction treatment had gone on, she thought now, that it had been a bit pleasurable in some deep way. After all she'd had an intense orgasm. Maybe the caning hadn't been to bad. Had she liked it. Must have she'd had an enormous orgasm. She'd begged Master to penetrate her. It was getting hard to tell.
Was it pain or was it pleasure. . .&nbsp; Hmmm I'm thirsty again. Has it been an hour already? Must have been. Don't need to pee yet. So I'll have a bigger drink this time. She stretched for the tube and sucked really hard. Gosh that tastes nice. There was a dual purpose to the tube delivery system. It also had the benefit of strengthening her sucking action and the ability of the suck producing muscles to go for longer periods.
She began to daydream now about that moment when Roger had impaled her in one smooth action. It had created so many emotions all at once in her. Pain. Pleasure. Happiness. Desire. They had all combined to create that mind blowing orgasm.
She hoped R� Master would recreate that again, but would he be able to?. She wanted him to. Was beginning to need him to. Could she get addicted to orgasm's?. She wouldn't mind if they were all like that. Y coughed. Yikes not again. She had inadvertently squeezed a particular set of muscles in her groin that pressed her against the still engorged clitoris. Can I do that again?. She started squeezing various muscles until she found the right combination again. She lay there in darkness and repeatedly contracted the muscles. She managed to give herself another small orgasm. But it was a let down after today. She began to drift off into a deep sleep. She was rooted.

Roger woke to the sound of his radio alarm. It was 6:30 am. Looking through his window he could see that it was going to be another beautiful day. He showered quickly. As Y had fallen asleep she will be absolutely busting for a pee when she woke up. He had to get there first. He didn't want her to pee on the sheets yet. He would have to carry out her punishment and that would be to early in her schedule.
He walked briskly to his office. He quickly reviewed the last several hours of video.
Good she had not awoken and was still sound asleep.&nbsp; Roger went to her room.
He quietly entered. Good she was still asleep. Silently he removed her restraints.
He sat in his chair and waited for her to stir. He didn't have long to wait before she began to stir. He went to the bed and silently grabbed her arm

At this Time David's flight had just landed back in LA. Nancy was waiting for him. She was extremely excited and could feel her juices flowing already at the thought of her plans she had for him over the next few months. David felt pleased that Sara-Lee was in good hands. He was looking forward to seeing his new girlfriend Nancy. It had been extremely good luck that he had met her.

As Y began to come out of her dreamless sleep she felt a hand grab her arm. It startled her. It instantly brought her mind fully awake and to the realisation of her situation. Was this master holding her?. Should she ask? No. No. Christ don't do that. What an idiot she thought. She felt a guiding pressure on her arm that indicated she should get off the bed. . Y was totally surprised when she realised that the hand had not removed her restraints in order for her to get off the bed. How long had she been sleeping. When did he take them off?. This added to her confusion. It kept her mentally off balance. Silence. Still that utter silence. That hand felt familiar. She was somewhat disoriented. She was guided to where she thought the toilet might be. She was gently turned around. She felt one hand on her back and one on her chest just below her aching breasts. The hands guided her to sit. Yes it was the toilet. It suddenly dawned on her that she was busting. Could he see what she was doing?. Was he watching?. She decided she was beyond caring. She had to go real bad. Ooohh that felt good her bladder had been full. The hands guided her to the bidet. The rush of water felt good on her privates. The rush of warm air felt exquisite, she was surprised at how aware of this part of her body, she was now taking notice of. She had never been this aware before. The hands guided her back to the bed. Her chains were reattached. The tube was taped between her breasts again. Shortly there after she heard the door closed.
Silence.

Why had he not said anything?. Was he happy?. Had she displeased him in some way while she had been asleep?. Had she earned some extras on her count?. God she hoped not. Silence. She felt very alone. How long had she been here?. He had come only once so far. Hadn't he?. She could feel some hunger pangs from her stomach. Some time later she heard the door open again. Quiet footsteps approaching the bed. What's that smell?. Food. Bloody hell she was ravenous. She felt a spoon touch her bottom lip.
She opened her mouth. The food was placed in her mouth. She ate it rapidly. She opened her mouth again. More food was placed in her mouth. Still the silence. Why?.
Open mouth. Food. Chew &amp; swallow. It was over before she had sated her hunger.
She heard the door close. She stretched her neck and found the tube with the delicious fluid in it. She drank heartily. She was soon relaxed again. Hunger forgotten for now.
She began to think about her clitoris. Could she make it tingle again. Could she send waves of pleasure back to her brain like before. These thoughts stimulated sexual desire, again, in her, but she could not get that combination of muscles to work again. At least not yet. Y did not yet have the skills to engorge her clitoris on demand to the point that she could flex her muscles and make her self cum. That would come with time. Y began to daydream. Master drifted in and out of her dreams. A range of various imagined cocks penetrating her vulva alternated with her thoughts of master. Occasionally one would turn in to what she imagined the masters cock looked like. She could feel her juices flow even faster when this happened. What had Toms looked like?. She was struggling to remember.

This process was repeated for twelve days. Roger used his daylight hours to sit on his balcony and relax. He took advantage of the sunny days to enhance his tan. He also did his regular exercises. He had to keep in shape. He mowed the lawns several times. Y mean while had completely lost all track of time. Her thoughts upon awakening now revolved around trying to stimulate herself before drifting off he into yet more sexual daydreams. She had got a lot better at it now. On what was day ten of her enforced rest she had finally managed to give herself an orgasm. It had been strong, but still no match for the one that master had brought on. All thoughts of Tom and daddy now gone. She was even struggling to remember what her best friend looked like. She now did not care and had ceased trying. The wonderful silence allowed her the opportunity to concentrate on her self stimulation. Which of course was the intent.

Roger had of course monitored her progress using the zoom camera. Each day he could see that her juices flowed ever sooner from between her lips. He was pleased at her progress. He watched intently as she finally succeeded in producing an orgasm. He could see the pleasure on her face, her hips bucking in rapture, her long legs shaking from side to side as she attempted to pull them up in a reflex action.&nbsp; As if a cock was about to impale her hole.&nbsp; 

Day fourteen started out with the same routine. She had not been receiving any of the drug for over four days now. But still she had drifted back into her daydreams. Time to check for the next phase. He would test her readiness. Roger waited until she had drifted back into her daydream before he, yet again, entered quietly into the room. He released her leg restraints. He then placed a weighted, but not to heavy, thick padded pillow between her legs. It had some rubber ridges sewn into one side designed to stimulate her clitoris. Within seconds of it coming to rest, Y clamped her legs around it and started to move her legs up to her chest and down again. As if trying to do sit ups. Yes she had instantly felt the change and responded. She was still daydreaming. Lost in her world. Focused only on achieving one goal. Orgasm.&nbsp; She was ready.
Roger waited for her to cum. As soon as, she had, he removed the pillow and left the room before she awoke.&nbsp; Tomorrow he would begin her cleanliness training.

Roger entered the room as usual. Y had now become totally familiar with the routine awaken, pee, food drink daydream then sleep.&nbsp; Her mind thought of nothing now, but master, and sex. Her last daydream before this period had been unusually powerful, she felt sure she had felt masters cock between her legs. She was startled beyond comprehension when Master spoke. His voice sounded so loud. Authoritative. It pleased her to hear it. She vowed to do anything for him just so that she could listen to his voice. It was exciting. She was looking forward to what today might bring now that he had spoken.
"Y. Today we begin your instruction on how you are to maintain your body for use by masters. I'll remove your balaclava today and you may partake of a long shower. You may have 30 minutes."
Without further hesitation Roger removed her restraints and balaclava. Even in the dim light of her room Y's eyes were blinded. It took them nearly 5 minutes to adjust.
Roger allowed her time to get her eyes adjusted. He then ordered her to sit up and do some warm up exercises for her arms. After 14 days they were weak from lack of use.
Once her arms were moving freely he offered her a plate of fine fruits and a big glass of juice. She consumed this rapidly. Once she had finished she was so used to her routine that without thinking she went over to the toilet which she could find now even if the lights had been off. Her routine was broken by the sudden realisation that master had said she could have a shower. How long had he said?. 30. That&#8217;s right 30 minutes. Ooohh she'll make the most of this. She remembered to thoroughly cleanse her love tunnel. Finally, with the use of her hands back, she spent extra time massaging her pubic hair, all in the interests of cleaning, of course.&nbsp; Roger allowed her this pleasure for a short while. Just enough to get her very aroused again before issuing a stern warning.
"Y!. Cease immediately. I did not give you permission to CUM."
Bugger! Thought Y. Her clitoris had already engorged and was sending waves of pleasure crawling up her spine. Another minute and she would not have heard Master speak. The timer read 25. Y glanced at the timer and realised she had better take her pleasure from the pulsating jets from the shower. 5 Minutes left. The timer read 30. She turned off the shower and dried herself. She then stood still legs apart. While Y was showering Roger had put some of his special cologne on himself, he also put a few drops around the blanket on the bed.
"Y come over and sit on the edge of the bed. Then lie back flat and pull your legs up as high and as far apart as they will go." 
Y, without hesitation, complied. She wondered what Master had in mind. Was he going to penetrate her again. She hoped so. She needed his comfort now. She liked the sound of his voice. Strong and powerful. A true mans voice, it resonated through her brain, it was so lovely.
Roger waited until she was in position. He then went over to the cabinet and got a bowl of hot water, shaving cream (non scented), and a new razor.
"Today, I will shave all of the hair off from around your pussy and anus. This is how you will now keep it. You will be expected to shave these areas every morning and every night." 

Roger used the scissors first to trim her pubic hairs as short as possible. Then using a flannel soaked in the hot water he softened the remaining stubble.&nbsp; He rubbed in the shaving cream gently. Making sure to flick her clitoris occasionally he wanted her to associate this activity with pleasure. This would ensure that she carried out her task each morning once she left his daily care. Her subconscious again detected the subtle aroma. As he applied the shaving cream, yet more of her synapses, made pleasure aroma connections.&nbsp; He rubbed the shaving cream around her anus as well, making sure he caressed her puckered hole with his fingers. It twitched with each touch.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Y had not expected this turn of events. She had liked the feel of her hands rubbing her mound through her pubic hair. The reason for the shaving cream and razors in her room were, only to, clear to her now. As was the reason for the mirror on the floor. As Roger rubbed in the cream she could feel sensuous tingling beginning to craw up her spine. She relaxed still more and drifted into a state of pleasure. Almost daydreaming but not quite. The occasional flicks on her clitoris and anus prevented this.&nbsp;&nbsp; The first touch of the razor on her mons veneris sent an electric shock racing up her spine. Y was beginning to drift into the ecstasy of the moment. Each stroke of the razor generated another wave of pleasure. Her hips began to gyrate. 

"KEEP STILL! Do not move until I say" commanded Roger

She barely heard Masters command. She perceived it enough at her conscious level to understand. She forced her hips to stop. It was difficult to concentrate on not moving her hips, yet relax enough to allow the pleasure waves to get through. She felt her clitoris engorging again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Roger carefully continued to shave her pubic area, it was easier, now that her hips weren't moving. He stroked the razor slowly across her complete genital area. As the razor cut each hair flush with the skin it sent a tiny electric shock that combined with the others to power her clitoris with waves of sensation. He was getting a raging hard on as he watched her clitoris expand and began to protrude. She had indeed trained her self well these past two weeks. He stretched her outer labia in all directions as he stroked the razor gently across her skin. Her pussy was beginning to ooze that most delicious of fluids. Much to Rogers delight. He would help himself to a feast soon. He finished the pubic area. Judging by the look on Y's face she was now in a heightened state. He touched her anus. As he did so he could see her clitoris pulse. Yes, he gloated to himself, she was very excited. Roger, using one hand pulled her arse cheeks apart, one at a time, and continued to shave what little hairs had been there anyway. He wanted her skin smooth and silky to touch. Having no hair in this area also kept it easier to clean. Roger wet the flannel again cold water. He used it to clean off the remaining shaving cream. This final application of the cold flannel startled Y out of her ecstasy induced relaxation. She had been almost ready to cum. He was doing it to her again. Bring her to the brink of orgasm and then stopping it. MAAASsssterr pleeasse let me cum she thought. She dared not voice her desire. Roger could tell by her breathing and the look of tension on her face that she wanted release. Soon, my pet, soon. We must first raise you a higher plane of excitement.

But before he would do that Roger wanted to examine her pussy area in greater detail. He had to plan what piercings he would do. This would allow him time to procure the correct jewellery. He checked the clitoral hood. Using a lubricated cotton swab he checked the gap. The entire cotton end fitted comfortably under the hood. This pleased him. The jewellery will fit comfortably. She could have a vertical clit hood piercing. He measured her up. He would order her straight and curved barbells in 10 gauge and 5/16" to 1/2". So she could have variety. Next he checked her clitoris. Using his thumb and forefinger he checked that her clitoris was exposed enough and thick enough for a horizontal piercing. It was nearly 3/8 of an inch wide. More than suitable for piercing. Again he would get her a range of sizes for variety. He would order her Barbells in 16 to 14 gauge and 5/16" to 7/16" in length, the barbells, would be 1/2 inch in length. She should also have some captive bead rings in 16 to 14 gauge and 5/16" to 7/16" in diameter.&nbsp; He also decided to get her some dangle jewellery of various weights. In this way should get continuous stimulation whist walking or dancing.&nbsp; This intimate examination by Roger had raised her excitement again. She wondered why her clitoris was getting such a close examination. She soon drifted on to other thoughts. He checked her pleasantly long inner labia's. Could they accept piercing?. Yes they were of sufficient thickness. They would pierce well. He would order her 10 gauge. She will come to enjoy the extra pressure these would apply.
Her outer labia were also ideal for chastity piercing, he would have to stretch them slightly, using weights. All in all a good pussy. He would consider a Christina piercing at a later stage. Maybe as a parting gift from him to her. He would decide later.

Roger allowed her body to come down from it's peak for a few minutes. While he did so, he returned the razor to its holder, he discarded the blade. He grabbed a bottle of "extra virgin" olive oil, what a misnomer this was considering its use in this case (he thought), he smiled. Roger returned to Y's side. He waited for her breathing to subside to a normal rate. He had Y put hers under legs in such away that her wrists were near her collar. Using a small chain he secured her wrists to the collar. He knelt between her legs. Once this had been done, he allowed the oil, to drip out of the bottle onto her mons. He was using olive oil as it was edible, just like her pussy. As the cold oil hit her mons Y's hips moved ever so slightly as the nerves sent a raging pulse to her brain. Using his fingers Roger massaged the oil into her skin. He rubbed completely over the newly shaved areas. Using his lower arm he began to gently massage her whole pubic area.
"Y you may move your hips." Commanded Roger.

No sooner had he finished saying 'hips' she had begun to gyrate her hips in time with his arm movements. He continued his rubbing. Her hip gyrations were getting ever more fierce as she tried to apply pressure to her clitoris. Roger allowed her to do so occasionally. He didn't want her to peak to fast. The longer it took the more explosive her orgasm would be when he let her have it. He inserted a thumb, into her now dripping hole, she bucked even harder. He twisted it around a few times to get it completely soaked in her juices. He removed it. She shrieked from torment as he did so. As her shriek died own he brought his thumb up to her beckoning and puckered anus. He brought it up to her rear hole so that it was just touching. Her sphincter muscle moved as if trying to suck it in. Roger teased it some more. Then he rammed it up to the hilt. She cried out in delight. It had slid in with no resistance. Lovely thought Roger she had accepted invasion here as part of her need to fulfilment.&nbsp; Y couldn't believe it when roger had removed his digit. Her brain was racked in torment. She was unsure of her desires when she felt it at her rear passage. She felt her rear hole pulsing, trying to encourage entry. Master had made the decision for her. Oooohhhh yessss he had inserted it. She had never had this done to her before. To her enormous delight he began drawing it slowly out and pushing it back in. As he did so he gave his thumb slight twisting motions. This began to drive her wild. Her whole groin was overloaded trying to send signals to her brain. Her subconscious continued to build synaptic links mixing the aroma of Rogers cologne with the signals coming from her whole body. The link was getting powerful now. The waves of energy that hit her clitoris were unbelievable. Every nerve ending in it was on fire. She could feel every slight touch on her clitoris now it was so sensitive. She could even feel the hairs on his arm as they rubbed past. She new her dam was going to burst soon and begin releasing waves of pleasure into her tormented brain and bring relief. More synaptic links were added.

Roger sensing the dam, was about to burst, removed his thumb. She shrieked in sexual agony again. Her face stretched tight with sexual tension.&nbsp; He removed his arm from her body. She shrieked again.&nbsp; Roger went and got a glass of water. He was thirsty.
"Y I am just repeating an earlier lesson for you. You cum when I command it. You are never to cum unless I say so. And I mean never. Only a Master can allow you your release. Understand?"
"Yyyyeeeesss Maaasster" replied Y at a level just barely above a whisper. This is unbearable thought Y. Surely he'll release her soon. Her whole mind was now focused on her pubic area. When would she be given permission to get her deserved release?.
He knelt between her legs again. He had decided to give himself a little treat. He began eating her out. Flicking his tongue over her clitoris. Sucking it hard into mouth then back to licking her clit. Using his hands to spread her inner flaps while he ran his tongue up and down her joy slit. Y could not believe the joy this was bringing her.
Using all of his skill he kept her just the merest fraction away from an explosive orgasm.&nbsp; Y wanted to shout out at with the full force of her lungs "Fuck me now. Master Fuck me NOW!!". But her lessons had been well learned. She bit her tongue in order to prevent her from doing so. 
Roger stopped having his meal. He licked his lips to remove the remaining nectar onto his taste buds. Natures secret honey he had decided. As he did this he removed her wrist restaints. 

"Y Stand up."
The command from roger worked its way through her thoughts. Her subconscious heard immediately, as it was working at a far more basic level, and made her stand.
It startled Y to realise she was now standing. It focused her mind on what master was saying.
"Put your arms behind your back"
Y quickly complied. Roger noted that her legs had automatically stayed parted even as she got off the bed. Roger went behind her and locked her wrist bands together. He then removed a rope from the wall and tied her arms tightly together above the elbow. This had the desired affect of forcing her tits to jut out slightly. He slipped a hand between her legs. He was overjoyed at how easy two fingers slipped into her hungry sheath.
He spoke to her. "Y each day from now on your count will start at fifteen. This is the minimum of correction you will be given. This is to take care of any unauthorised thoughts that you no doubt will have. You cannot subtract counts for good behaviour. You can only minimise what will be added". He paused for effect and to allow the words to sink in.

"Y you are to count down from fifteen as you did last time. This will be standard procedure for correction. You will start when I say. Understand?"
"Yes Master." Promptly replied Y. She was steeling herself for her correction to begin.&nbsp; 
Roger knelt down in front of her. He started to massage her long delicate skinned legs. All 37inches of them. He started at her ankles again. Working ever slowly up to the source of her heat. Y couldn't believe it was he going to bring on her orgasm again?.

Meanwhile over these past two weeks Nancy had set about training her pupil with gusto. She had met David at the luggage pickup on the ground floor, of LAX, upon his return. He was pleased to see her. She gave him a big hug. She noticed a bulge forming in his trousers. Good, she thought, he was horny. David wasn't as big in that department, as Roger, but she didn't mind. It was almost as long but only half the thickness. It could do the job.&nbsp; She drove him back to his house.
Once they got inside and settled in David had commented about how empty it seemed without Sara-Lee around. Nancy had replied that they should take advantage of this opportunity. She had not worn any under wear to the airport. She had no Bra on either. The feel of the breeze, as she walked, swirling around he exposed labia gave her great pleasure. This is the way she really preferred dressing, but she had worn under garments, and grown her pubs back, until David had got comfortable with her. 'Plains' like David got frightened, and usually excited, by such boldness in woman. She stood over David, who was relaxing on the couch and started to squat resting her pussy on his crotch. David was extremely surprised at the glimpse he caught of her naked hairless pussy as she squatted down. An erection started forming in his trousers immediately. Although it had shocked him, it had a very arousing effect, which caught him by surprise. She started to grind her exposed vulva into his awakening member, she was extremely lubricated already, and David could feel his tool getting wet as his trousers drew the fluid from between her lips like a candle wick, he was getting extremely horny.&nbsp; Nancy ground at his penis for several minutes before lifting herself up and freeing his straining weapon from its enforced confinement. As soon as she had it free she held it to the entrance of her tunnel and then allowed herself to collapse upon it. It impaled her in one, juice covered, stroke.
She ground David to an orgasm in minutes. She collapsed onto his chest, unsatisfied but warmed up, but she had expected that. David was not yet wise in the ways of how to make her orgasm. To date she had been faking them to keep him happy.&nbsp; But these next few months she would change that. David would be ready for Sara-Lees return.

While they rested, this way, David asked her how she had managed to forget to wear her under pants when she went out. And when did she shave?. And Why?. David had a look of curious shock on his face. Nancy decided she had better explain a few things to him she explained that she hadn't forgotten. A few years ago one of her boyfriends had expressed a desire for her to do this. She being a bit of a try anything once kinda girl she did. She liked it so much, it felt so smooth and looked so delicious when she looked at her mound she continued shaving. Later on in one of their lovemaking sessions he had shaved her completely. She liked the look of a hairless pussy and the freedom of no under wear, it also kept her pussy smelling much nicer. Men also tended to lick her out for longer as well which was an added bonus.&nbsp; So had continued with the practices.&nbsp; She explained to David that she had let her pubic hair grow back so that he wouldn't be so shocked the first time they made love. She had liked him so much, she said, that she didn't want to risk loosing him. Not quite true but this white lie served it's purpose. They retired to bed and slept in each others arms.

As the days went on she got ever bolder in her requests of David during their love making. She grew ever bolder in where she wanted to make love. David had her on his office desk. On the top floor of a parking building, downtown, exposed to all the surrounding office towers.&nbsp; In a night club, she sat facing the crowd on his lap, David ground his meat into her from below. She still had not had an orgasm with David but she could tell that he was getting ever easier to convince to try new ideas. Tomorrow she would get him to start being more aggressive with her nipples. She had had to go to great lengths, to keep taking her nipple rings out, before letting David play with her tits. He was always so gentle. Completely the opposite of what she deeply desired. Soon she would have that situation fixed. She grew wet thinking about it. David for his part could not believe how Nancy was transforming. He grew ever more excited each day at the thought of seeing her. Being with her. He was neglecting his work. He had decided over the last couple of days to get in a manager to run things. That would leave him more time to play with Nancy. However, David did not yet realise that, it was Nancy who was playing with him. He was being drawn ever deeper into his, planned, role as a Master. 

As it happened, Nancy had planned to get David to smack her for the first time, on the same day that Roger was allowing Y to have her first real session. How to introduce her pierced nipples was a problem though. She would have to give some thought as to how she could lead David down the right path such that he would ask her to get them done. She had David come to her apartment tonight she had the tools at hand if they were needed. They had some wine first, she made sure David drunk much more than she did, after they were half way through the second bottle she popped the question.
"David darling"
"Yes gorgeous"
"I was sitting in a caf� having a relaxing coffee and I noticed a men's magazine on the seat next to me. I browsed through it and I happened to catch a story about a woman who was spanked by her husband. It had turned this woman on deliciously. I'd like to try it. Would you like to as well?"
Unsure, David took some time to reply "I don't know. Are you sure? What if I hurt you?". The thought had some appeal David thought. He could feel stirrings in his loins as he considered it more.
"Well" replied Nancy "If you use your hand you could always start off lightly and we can see where we go from there. Okay?" Nancy had noticed the small bulge stirring in his trousers. This is excellent she thought. The idea turns him on. Probably more than he realises. She was pleased. He'll get into it for sure.
This sounded okay to David. He couldn't really hurt her. He realised that he had a huge boner now at the thought of spanking her.&nbsp; Nancy removed her dress and top and placed herself over his lap. His boner was pushed into her belly button. 

David began to lightly spank her. "Harder" cried out Nancy. David began spanking her slightly harder. "Even harder" cried Nancy with false tears dripping from her eyes. David started to get carried away with his spanking. He was beginning to enjoy it. The cries &amp; tears from Nancy were exciting him more than he had expected. Nancy had self stimulated her clitoris, her juices were flowing readily. David's spanking however was still well short of what she really liked. She asked him to stop, she continued the tears from her eyes but feigned pleasure in her demeanour.
"David I'm really enjoying this. It started out painful but has now turned to pleasure. You should check my pussy to see if it's wet!".
David checked her pussy. Christ it's wet he thought he nearly came as he tested her lubrication. He had not felt a pussy that dripping with juices ever. Nancy felt the spasm in his love meat. She better get him to fuck her before he looses his load.
"Am I very Wet David?".
"Oh hell yes Nancy, its dripping on the floor!"
"I think you had better take me now then!" she almost used her command voice but caught self in time and changed to a pleading voice. She got off him and kneeled on the floor and stretched her hands out in front of her, a submissive position, as she lay her head on the floor.
David couldn't resist the offering. He removed his clothes and got down on his knees behind her. Holding his weapon in one hand he aimed it at her vulva and pushed the head past her lips. He drove it to the hilt in one thrust. Nancy feigned a gasp of surprise. David began pounding with all his might. He came in 60 seconds. Nancy faked an orgasm to match his. David decided he had enjoyed the spanking session, and judging by Nancy's orgasm, so had she. He was pleased. He hoped she would want to do it again.
She would. 

Back in New Zealand Roger was massaging Y's thighs now. Climbing ever higher towards the source of Y's pleasure. He kissed her arse cheeks as he got nearer to her vulva. The kiss startled her. He pulled her cheeks apart. Using his tongue to lick her all around. He tongued her virgin hole. It sent an extra wave of delight signals to her brain each time he did this. Her nostrils picked up the faint but persistent scent that pervaded the room, and her synapses continued their mixed up joining. He continued his finger work. After 15 minutes he had finally reached her labia. He stroked them. He flicked her protruding labia. He inserted a finger into her dripping canal and covered it in juices. Using his now moist finger he stroked and played with her clitoris. Y was on fire again. She could feel the orgasm building, getting stronger.
Building and building. His finger working it's magic. Ooooh yyyeeess it's starting.
Roger stopped.

Nnnnnnooooo!! Silently screamed Y. He's held back. It's not fair. I have to come.
"Say 15 Y". Yelled Roger.
The word fifteen burst through her thoughts like a spear.
"15" her subconscious said for her
Thwack. The cane hit her nipples. Spears of pain shot towards her brain. As they arrived in her brain, it only let several through before the connections in her synapses were finally strong enough to convert them to pleasure.&nbsp; She counted to 5.
"14" she said.
Thack. The cane hit her arse cheeks. Again initial pain mixed with mainly pleasure now.
She could feel her orgasm starting it's upwards rise now. The wave was getting bigger. She remembered to count to five. Her brain using the powerful new connections now was treating the pain mostly as pleasure. 
"13" Thwack. On her stomach. "12". Hit her nipples. "11" He hit her upper thighs.
The waves of pleasure were hitting her brain. Musn't cum. Musn't cum she repeated silently to herself. Must count to five!.
"Bend over. Spread your legs as wide as you can."
Y bent over and spread her legs. Roger was not happy at the width. Using his foot he spread her legs wider still. Her cunt was spread wide. Her rear love tunnel was exposed. That&#8217;s better thought Roger.
"Continue your count". Commanded Roger.
"10". The cane swung up between her legs. He had aimed, and hit with precision, for her left outer labia. This made her jump slightly. She almost lost her balance. She counted to 5.
"9". The cane swung up again. Right labia this time. She controlled her balance.
"8". The cane hit her right between her inner labia. The pain and pleasure from her clitoris was almost beyond belief. Oh gggoooddd I'm going to cum. NO her mind willed. She counted to 5 that helped her control the wave.
"7". Between her cheeks. 
"6" Again same spot. These last two had been gentler as this was her first time.
The last 5 were planted on her arse horizontally. He need to toughen the skin up here. So he spread the hits across her cheeks.

Y needed release now. Roger new this. Her brain had now almost fully completed it's ability to convert pain to pleasure. He knelt down behind her. He began licking her wounds. Using his free hands he began gently massaging her labia after inserting several fingers in her fully lubricated hole first to lubricate them.&nbsp; Using his thumb inserted in her vagina he began stroking in and out whilst his fingers massaged her clit. Her breathing was rising in tempo. Pleasing Roger. He inserted his other thumb and got it nicely lubricated. Meanwhile he tongued her rear opening. It pulsated with each touch. His cologne continued to inundate her nostrils. He removed a thumb from her sheath and placed it at the entrance to her anus. Again her sphincter instinctively tried to pull it in. He obliged and pushed his thumb in as far as it would go. Y's brain was now flooded with pleasure, she began trying to drive his digits further in by pushing her hips back against them. 
"Be still. You move when I say!".
Still she knew she was going to cum soon regardless of his commands.
She ordered her body to stop. It was not easy. 
He removed his fingers. She almost cried out in her desire for him to continue. Roger stood behind her and freed his rod from his trousers. He inserted his cock until the head had just been swallowed by her lips. He paused for effect and then gave her the command she had been waiting for.
"Y you can cum now". As he said cum he rammed his cock home. Y's dam burst in an orgasmic flow. Wave after wave of pleasure flowed through her body. Her delight at the masters ability was overwhelming. His abilities were astounding. The relief was immense. She didn't think she loved master, but desire and lust, was indeed at the forefront of her new emotions.&nbsp; Her synaptic connections were insidious in the connections they were making. Using his hands he pulled her hips towards him to increase the force of his thrusts. He vigorously pumped her for 15 minutes. Y came several times as her brain struggled to empty the dam. Finally roger filled her womb with his spunk. He pulled his still semi-rigid member out of her cunt. He moved around so that he was in front her. His cock was at her mouth level. 
"Open your mouth."
Roger grabbed her hair at the back of her head. He held her head steady as he rammed his cock into her mouth.
"Lick it clean. Now".
Having his cock, covered in her juices and his cum, rammed into her mouth came as a sudden shock to Y. But after the finger session the other day she expected she was going to be sick again. Her mind started to prepare her body for the inevitable gut wrenching to follow. But too her surprise she found the taste oddly pleasant. It was a mixture of sweetness and salty. How strange she thought. My desire to be sick before must have been instinctive. She began to sample the flavours by running her sealed lips up and down his shaft. She used her tongue to wipe his shaft clean. She could feel the ridges of the veins on his shaft as she did so.&nbsp; He kept his cock in there even after she could taste no more juices. He began to pull her head up and down. Fucking her mouth.&nbsp; She felt his love muscle returning to full attention.
"Y. I can see that you are a natural for this. You still need a lot more training yet. But I'm sure you will soon be an expert. Keep going until I shoot a load down your throat." 
Y continued to apply her lips and tongue to masters love meat. After 10 Minutes her jaws began to ache. Masters meat had now expand to such a size her jaws were stretched to the limit.&nbsp; She could taste his precum oozing from the tip of his cock. She liked the taste.&nbsp; Y felt his cock starting to swell even more. She didn&#8217;t think her mouth could stretch any more. His spunk exploded out of his cock and shot straight down her throat. She almost choked as she struggled to swallow it all. Y managed to swallow every last drop. Roger was pleased at her skill level for such a beginner. He extracted his now flaccid member and put his trousers back on. He had her jewellery to purchase.

Roger went to the chain wall and selected a lockable chain. Her hands were still locked and tied behind her back so he undid the rope, but left the wrist bands locked.
He locked one end of the chain to her collar and the other end to a ring embedded in the wall. The key to unlock the padlocks was kept on his key ring. The chain was long enough to allow her to access the toilet, but not long enough for her to reach the door.
She would be able to get up on the bed and sleep. 
"Y. I suggest you rest now. Tomorrow will be a big day requiring your full efforts."
What did he mean by that thought Y. We haven't exactly been quiet today. What else has he got planned??.
"Y you are not to cum in my absence. I will not be far away. I have some chores that need doing.".
"Yes Master" replied Y.&nbsp; Roger left the room to get his chores done. The chores consisted of ordering Y's jewellery and then driving into town to a place called "Fleshware" on Cuba Street to pick them up. It was about a 1-hour return trip. Y would be none the wiser that he had left the house. I'm sure she'll amuse herself why I'm gone, no doubt she'd forget about the camera. It'll give him a good show to watch while having dinner. Nothing like having new movies constantly on tap. He'd send a couple over to Nancy. She'd like that. He left the room.

With a small pang of regret, Y, watched master leave the room. She had enjoyed the full attention he had given her for the last few hours. Shaving her tush hair off had been a surprise. She walked over to the full length mirror to admire her new look. She stood there for a few minutes, legs parted as master required, and admired the view.&nbsp; It does look rather appealing, even if I do say so myself, she thought. Yes it looks attractive. She parted her lips to get a better look. Her inner labia now stood out in all their glory.
She used a finger to rub her clit, it was tender, but easily excited again. A wave of pleasure travelled to her brain. She started to fiddle with her clit some more. Nnnoo. Don't. She forced her self to stop. Master would not be pleased. She squatted over the floor mirror and looked between her legs, she could make out her smooth anus easily. She could see her clit standing proud, as it poked out, from under the hood.
Good she thought it'll be easy to shave here as well as master wants me to do. She stood up and admired herself some more. Master is truly clever. Y retired to the bed for some rest. As she lay down and stretched out she had a drink from her tube. This drink, what ever it's got in it, is so relaxing. It now only contained fruit juice and some vitamins. But because of her two weeks of conditioning it would relax her automatically. She decided that she would play with her nipples for awhile to take her mind off her rather eager clit. That way she could pleasure her self without cumming so easily. If she did, cum, hopefully it would not be obvious to master. Fortunately for Y, she fell asleep first, wondering what master had planned for tomorrow. 

Roger managed to spend just over six Grand on her finery. As a treat, for himself, he got her a waist chain that had curved loops dropping down like an upside down pyramid. There were three loops dropping down from the main silver chain. The two outer loops were smaller than the centre loop. From each loop small bells and balls dangled on short chains. Within the loops were also some small bells and balls dangling from the main chain. The overall effect he decided would look extremely erotic on Y when she was being paraded around the main play room for himself or other masters. The long loop would emphasise her labia and clit jewellery. When he got back to the house he went straight to his office and checked in on Y via her room camera. She was sound asleep. He panned in on her pussy; it's looking beautiful, he decided. The thought of tomorrow&#8217;s plans was giving him another boner. He reviewed the videos from when he had left the house.&nbsp; He watched as she looked at herself in the mirror. From the expressions on her face she obviously had like her new look. She is indeed turning out to be a special pupil.

Next morning Roger showered and shaved, he made sure he had his "odour de lubricant" on, before he went to Y's room. Y awoke at the same time as Roger entered the room. She couldn't quite figure it out yet, but each time Master entered her room, she would almost instantly start feeling her sex come to life. Most strange she decided. Not that she was complaining. It was . .&nbsp; , well strange. Or, she also thought, maybe that&#8217;s normal for a women to feel that way about the man who takes your virginity. Either way it was pleasing. It made her feel pleased with Master.
"Y. Go and do your morning shave and the shower".&nbsp; Roger watched her amateurish attempts at shaving. He new she would get better at it quickly (same as men do when they first learn to shave). He delighted in watching her shower as she soaped herself all over and thoroughly cleaned her self. After she had dried her self off Roger ordered her back onto the bed. He told her to lie down arms and legs out stretched.
Y did as she was commanded without hesitation.
"Y today I'll be fitting your accessories. They will take a few weeks to heal.".
Roger stretched and secured her arms and legs to the bed. He wanted no movement during the various procedures.&nbsp; Roger had spent a year of his working life in a Tattoo parlour doing piercings. It was doing this job that had shown him the delights he could get from being a master. He had met some extremely sexy ladies during his time as a piercer. They had taught him a lot.&nbsp; Roger had brought all of his piercing equipment into the room with him as well as all of Y's new jewellery. He placed it all on the table beside the bed. 

Using his thumb and forefinger he massaged her right nipple until it had extended.
He placed some ice in a small plastic bag and sealed it. He rubbed some alcohol on to the nipple to sterilise it. He used the ice bag to ensure that her nipple was at its maximum level of erection. 




 

&nbsp; 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Robin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





