BDSM Library - Trina's Baby Ex-Husband




Trina's Baby Ex-Husband
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A woman basically sells her husband into slavery as a helpless adult baby girl to domineering women.






Trina's Baby Ex-Husband
by Verna Benson

(Note: The story "Forced Into Babyhood" as been a delight for me and I've yearned for a new chapter to the story. So I've created my own story, inspired so much by it and hope to continue it. Let me know what you think. -Verna)

My wife was my whole life, I adored her so much. She was a bit distanced from me and perhaps that was part of my devotion; everyone loves a chase. We were married when I was 36 and 19. Sex was great at first, then with six months I became impotent. It was frustrating because Trina is so beautiful.

Not only did my ability to achieve an erection disappear, but I was getting weak. I had to quit my construction job and soon I had trouble lifting anything heaver than a coffee mug. Trina laughed at me and called me a weakling. Soon, I couldn't walk more than two or three uneasy steps before tumbling on my ass. Then I began to piss and shit myself and had to start wearing adult diapers. Next, my jaw became weak. This caused me to speak with a lisp and I couldn't chew solid food.

In the meantime, Trina had become very domineering and laughed at my plight. She'd taken up smoking again, a habit I'd spent a long time convincing her to quit. Often as I crawled about our house crying over my situation, she'd follow me, towering over me, holding a lit cigarette and clutching her pack of Benson &amp; Hedges Menthol in her hand. She'd yell at me, call me a pussy and a weakling and a baby.

Soon, I could only get oatmeal and I couldn't balance myself in a chair, so she had to use belts to hold me up. Often, I would drool and not even know until Trina discovered it and yelled at me and slapped me on the face. And the slapping was a strange thing, too. I'd never, ever hit Trina. Even raised a hand to her. And when I was at normal strength, I could hold my own in a bar room fight. Now when Trina slapped me, as she did often, it felt like Mike Tyson was punching me barehanded. The initial pain hurt worse than any pain I'd ever experienced and stung very painfully for at least a half hour afterward. I'd cried and shriek in pain and soon lived in terror of Trina's slaps. She noticed this and was soon putting me in a submissive position with the treat of a bareassed spanking.

In the meantime, I rapidly lost wait, what with the weakness and oatmeal diet. In the three month period this happened, I went from a muscular 175 to a rail-thin 103. I was too weak and not mobile enough to dress myself anymore, so Trina slipped old satin teddies on me which caused utter humiliation. I dare not complain to suffer a spanking.

She hated changing my soiled diapers, so in the morning, she'd put me naked in the shower, disdainfully removing the diaper and would use the shower spray to hose the mess off my butt. Then she'd reapply a fresh diaper, which I'd soil all day and have to set in. The was repeated before I went to bed. And my bedtime became earlier and earlier as I got weaker. Soon, I was in bed before 6:30pm each night. I'd lay in bed and itch from my bottom from the rash that developed from sitting in a dirty diaper all day. Trina had long ago dismissed me from her bed and I slept in a spare room. She had to use belts to hold me in the bed, since I rolled in my sleep and would fall out and be too weak to climb back in.

One day Trina was gone all day and I was forced to simply fall asleep on the living room floor with my dirty diaper on. When I awoke the next morning, I struggled awake and felt then new additions to my already cramped diaper from overnight. I focused my eyes on the bottom of the couch and saw two sets of 5-inch heeled black leather boots. Looking up, they were connected to shiny black latex clad legs. I heard laughter and the room was thick with cigarette smoke. Suddenly the legs got up and walked toward me. In my prone position on the floor I looked up and Trina was standing over me with a tall, muscular, beautiful black woman. Both were wearing Full siny black latex catsuits. Both had their long hair piled elegantly high atop their heads. Trina's nails had been done and were at least 6 inches long and painted blue. The black woman had 3 inch nails of the same color. Trina was smoking her B&amp;H Menthol in a black holder and flicked a long ash onto me. The black woman was smoking a long, brown cigarette. Long, straight, shiny gold bars were running across their faces, they had pierced the middle of their noses!

Trina was waving a piece of paper in her long-taloned hand. "This is a divorce, dumbass!" she laughed, exhaling a plume of smoke in my direction, "The impotence, weakness, incontinence...all of it...you were so stupid! I DID IT! I drugged you and it's all irreversable! You're stuck like this for the rest of your pitiful life!" She got on her knees and into my face, flicking another long ash, this one into my mouth. Blowing another stream of smoke onto me, she said, "This is Keisha, my long-time lover and soon to be my wife!"

With her introduction out of the way, Keisha easily scooped me up and into her massive arms, holding me like an infant. The shock of it all hit me and I began crying hysterically. Keisha smiled a big smile and I saw that one of her front teeth was solid gold. "There, there," she said, patting my back. "Don't baby him! He's a grown fucking man! An absolute pussy!" Trina said edging into my face. She smiled and I saw that she, too had a gold tooth in front. Blowing smoke in my face once again, she said, "Aren't you?" The look on her face sent the scariest, ice cold shiver of humilation and fear through my body and I meekly replied, "Yes." Her eyes twinkled and she said, "Yes what?" A new bout of tears streamed out as I said, "Yes, maam." "That's better!" she said.

Suddenly she said, "Shit, Keisha, the faggot has drool and baby tears all over the back of your suit!" Keisha said "Bad baby!" and threw me effortlessly across the room and into the corner, adding, "Someone's getting a spanking!" Keisha carried me into our basement and into a tiny room in the back of it. As she carried me down the stairs, I faced Trina who dragged mightily on her B&amp;H Menthol and gave me a look of utter comtempt. Outside of the room, I noticed an adult sized black baby stroller and pink highchair with straps on both. Inside the tiny room, everything had changed. The walls were pink and had framed pictures of fairies, Barbie and the purple Teletubbie. The small space was taken up by four items of furniture: A pink changing table and crib with lock up bars both made to accomadate my 5"5' frame. There was a white dresser stacked high with diapers and a large playpen.

As Keisha threw me on the changing table and began to clear the day and a half of mess in there, Trina gestured with her cigarette and said, "You see, Keisha said she'd love changing your diapers!" After changing me, Keisha began rubbing my entire body with a cream. "To permanently remove any nasty body hair." she explained with a laugh. As I lay there, my skin burned all over. I barely noticed Keisha edge toward Trina and Trina's look of utter lust at Keisha. As I caught the scene before me, it dawned on me that I'd never seen Trina look at me that way, not even close. Soon they were exchanging tongues. There were a number of tight kisses and their nose tusks clicked together. Pulling away regretfully, Keisha said, "I've still got a nuaghty baby here who needs a spanking. I shivered with fear.

Then the spanking began. If Trina's blows hurt, Keisha's were gut wrenching. Just five spanks and I was a basket case, howling in pain. As I cried, Keisha diapered me and then produced a pair of pink panties and ruffled, pink, little girl pageant-style dress. She put me in this and put a big pink satin bow in my hair. Then pink satin booties on my feet. "All done!" she said with satisfaction, "Ready to meet your cousins!"

"That's right, baby!" Trina said with a laugh, "Keisha's nieces are coming to babysit you while Keisha and I go out. They're in college, so much older than a baby like you, so you better be good for them." I was still crying from the pain on my bottom, but this produced new gales of tears. They both laughed at me.

I was carried up stairs and the two girls arrived. Cute, all-American, young girls, they wore pleather pants of silk tops. Both were smoking long cigarettes and the oldest, Tawnay, held a pack of Max Menthol 120s in her hand. The younger one, Dawnay, smiled and said, "So, Aunt Keisha, this is the big pussy, huh?" Both giggled and then Dawnay pointed and said, "Look at the big pussy crying!" Then Tawnay produced a small African-American baby doll. "Baby, this is Darcel," she said, "Aunt Keisha said you needed a dolly. You better take care of her!"

"Be a good baby for the girls, Mark," Keisha said, giving me a kiss on the cheek, "I don't wanna have to spank you again!" The shiver she sent down my spine was surely felt as she squeezed me by my now frail arms. Trina said the same thing as she, too, kiss my cheek and she whispered into my ear, "You'll never touch these lips again, faggot!"

After they left, the girls ordered me to the kitchen and when I crawled in, I saw the adult-sized pink highchair setting in the middle of the room. With some help I was placed into the chair and the tray lowered and my hands, chest and forehead were strapped down tight. A pink Barbie bib was tied around my neck.

As I sat and watched, the girls explained that Keisha had left the ingredients for my meal and they would whip it up to a fine paste in the food processor. A huge 64 gallon bowl was put before me on the tray. Then the girls started putting the stuff in pointing out each thing to me as they added it. First, a healthy dose of castor oil and a "medication". then several prunes, a can of spinach and a cannister of oatmeal. As the girls, were whipping this up, they put their now spent cigarettes right into it and lit new ones. Dawnay disappeared into the living room and returned with the giant ashtray that Trina had put on the table. It had at least 10 of Trina's B&amp;H Menthol butts and several of Keisha's More Menthol 120s butts. They laughed as they dumped the ashtray contents in to the processor. Then the girls mentioned another ingredient amoungst themselves and went to look for it. I was panicking about having to eat this hideous blend but dare not say a word. When the girls returned, they had a coffee can-sized container of lipstick, the kind that you put your finger in and smooth on your lips. They laughed as they dabbed my finger in and smeared lipstick all over my lips like a clown. They dipped my finger again and wrote something on my forehead and produced a mirror. Across my forehead it said "faggot!". I burst into tears and Dawnay produced a video camera and started taking pictures of me. 

Meanwhile, Tawnay was spooning half of the can into the processor. "Just one more ingredient!" she announced playfully. Dawnay ran into the basement and quickly returned with my dirty diaper, full of a day and a half of feces and urine. She held it at arms length with the tips of two fingers and held her nose with the other, careful not to pinch where her diamond nose stud was. "You must really be hungry, baby!" Tawnay said and laughed, depositing her latest Max Menthol 120 into the mix. Then she carefully fed the diaper in, too, slowly, as the processor ate it up.

What was poured into the 64 gallon bowl was a brown, runny paste with a shimmer to it from the lipstick and slivers of white diaper. "Sometimes baby girls have to adjust to a new flavor, faggot," Tawnay said bringing the first spoonful to my lips, "Don't throw it up or your vomit will be mixed in with this and you'll still eat it all up for us!"

I did gag up the first spoonful, which they forced me to dump back into the bowl. I finally was able to down a spoonful and my whole body quivered from the acrid taste. I felt as if poison where invading every part of my being. With another spoonful, I could take it no more; I drifted off, my mind wandering, seeking shelter from this hell. Then it happened: I returned suddenly as I puked up. The girls forced my head over the bowl and it all spilled in.

"OK, Miss Smarty Pants!" Dawnay yelled, "You're going to eat that all up!" I had no choice. My spirit died as two little girls force fed me the sludge that included my own urine, feces, cigarette butts and vomit.

Defeated, I was taken out of the chair and sat on the floor. The girls lit fresh cigarettes and just stared at me, as if waiting for something to happen. Suddenly, my whole body surged with racking pain my head was exploding. I shook violently, convulsed and faintly heard the girls laughing at me and saying something about the medicine really working. 

When I finally got my body under control. I started crying heaps of tears and the two girls crouched down and laughed and teased me, blowing smoke on me. Just then, my ass erupted like Mt. St. Helens, a volcano of poop shot from my anus. If went out so fast it caused me horrible pain in my schpinter. It felt like gallons of poop were spilling into my diaper. I was making loud, squeaky farting sounds and the girls belly laughed at that. When the girls stood me up, I felt a heavy weight from the diaper of the mess inside had oozed into my groin area it was so voluminous.

The girls said the had a present for me and produced several pink leather collars and a leash. The collar they buckled to my neck 3 inches high and said, "Baby Mark" on the front in gold letters. The attched a pink leash to it. Then collar cuffs 5 inch long where attched to each wrist and lock. They locked the collars behind my back and then used a 5 inch chain to attach that to the neck collar in the back of it. 

Each girl went into the bathroom with a baby bottle and each returned with a full bottle containing warm yellow fluid. I was so defeated; I simply took each bottle and quickly emptied each, filling my stomach with their urine.

Then the girls walked me to the living room, sat me down on the floor facing them and Tawnay produced a horrifying-looking metal device. It was forced into my mouth, stretching it open to nearly twice its size. Then the girls lit up fresh Max Menthol 120s. They began chatting about girl stuff and would flick their ashes directly into my open mouth. When they were finished with their cigarettes, they ground them out on my tongue, then I swallowed. "Good, baby!" Dawnay exclaimed. They must have smoked at least 5 more cigarettes each that rest of the time they sat there and I was parched. As if reading my mind they stood up over me and began spitting long, phlegmy streams into my mouth. They spent five minutes spilling their saliva into me and for the first time today, I was actually happy for a few seconds.

Then they had me kneel in the middle of the floor and I looked up at them towering over me. "Training time, baby!" Dawnay said excitedly. The midday shine shone off of their pleather pants. "Lick my boot!" Tawnay commanded and I did as told and as directed licked Dawnay's. Then Tawnay and Dawnay commanded me to lick the soles of their boots and I obeyed.

The girls said it was time for my nap, so I was led to my dungeon nursery in the basement, placed in my crib, and a set of pink bars were locked across the top. Tawnay mentioned that Keisha had installed a sound system to play me lullabyes continously while I slept from now on. Each told me goodbye and spit large hockers on me. The lights were turned off and they exited closing the door and I heard a number of bolts lock into place.

The room was totally dark. Windowless. I couldn't even see my hand right in front of my face, even though it was behind my neck. Suddenly, I felt the heat in the room rise and within seconds, I was caked in sweat and within moments my dress was soaking wet. The heat caused the contents of my diaper to stink horribly.

Just then, Brahm's lullabye began playing, but the volume was at an ear-spliting level. The first few notes of the lullabye blended into sounds of creaking doors, screaming, wolves howling, evil laughter, loud bumps. With seconds, it repeated. the loop never stopped and terror gripped my very being. A short time later, I was beyond being the basket case I already was. I was so scared! I was crying and had wet and soiled my daiper again. "MOMMY! MOMMY! MOMMY! MOMMY! MOMMY! MOMMY!" I yelled forever...

I didn't noticed the night vision camera over my bed. Nor, of course, the girls upstairs watching the whole thing on a monitor, laughing uprorously, smoking their Max Menthol 120s. "Aunt Keisha was right," Tawnay said, exhaling a plume of smoke, "She and her new wife are gonna have a little baby girl!"

 -End of Part One-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verna Benson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





