BDSM Library -  Breeding Season




 Breeding Season
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Jasper gets a new bitch and knots her tight pussy.






Breeding season was always a bitch. Jasper knocked down another drink as he took in his surroundings. He wasn't generally a fan of women - he preferred his fuck toys to be men, but breeding season came with the overwhelming urge to mate. He needed to fuck his cubs into some bitch, and unfortunately, she couldn't be a werewolf. Women of his own species couldn't carry cubs to term - they lost them at the first change. This meant that males had to outsource, and as the leader of the pack, he needed to find a woman to pump his cubs into.

It didn't take long before someone caught his eyes - she was attractive, and young. Young enough that she probably shouldn't be in the bar, but she had obviously gotten in with a fake ID. Or maybe she just knew someone she shouldn't. Still, Jasper didn't mind young - the late teens were the best for fertility, and it meant that she maybe hadn't been used out too much.

He approached and reeled her in easily - he had a charming smile and he was handsome enough that he generally had his pick of the bar. At 6'3 and nearly 200 pounds of muscle, Jasper wasn't someone that faded into the background. He bought her a drink, slipped something into it that would make her nice and pliable and asked if she wanted to get out of there so they could 'talk'.

Her pussy practically melted at the thought of going home with him, Jasper could smell it. By the time he got her outside, she was already wobbly on her feet. She passed out at some point when he was driving her back to his house. Perfect.

"Wake up, little Amy," Jasper said, slapping her face a few times. "Come on, it's no fun fucking someone when they're unconscious." He had her in quite a bind - she was spread out over the table, her ankles tied to each of the table legs, spreading her painfully wide. She was naked and helpless, her arms tied behind her back, an open-mouthed gag keeping her mouth spread open so that he could fuck her throat whenever he chose.

She regained consciousness slowly, struggling and squirming in place. There was very little give, and she risked pulling her hip joints out of their sockets as she squirmed, but Jasper just waited her out. He had done this so many times that he knew it was best just to wait for them to tire themselves out.

"There's my little slut," he said, pushing her hair gently back from her face. "That's it, you struggle. And when you're done struggling, I'm going to fuck you."

That just made her struggle harder, grunting with effort, her tits scraping across the table as she squirmed. The stimulation made her nipples hard, and Jasper laughed when he saw that. Finally, she tired herself out, breaking down and sobbing into the table. Stage one was complete.

Moving behind her, Jasper opened her ass up, taking a nice look. Amy's asshole was pink and lovely, tiny and tight. It clenched as he looked at it, and he felt her struggle and resist for a few minutes before giving up again. Jasper dug his fingers into her cunt and pulled that open to get a look, too. "Nice," he said. "Pink and pretty, just the way I like it." She was still moist from earlier - he could smell her juices.

She quivered as he stroked his finger up and down her slit, teasing gently at her clit. Her thighs strained to close as she made incoherent, urgent noises, her gag making them completely unintelligible. Not taking any notice of her protests, Jasper slid his finger inside her, pausing when he felt a barrier in the way. He blinked - he hadn't been expecting that.

"Huh," he said. Then, he shrugged. "Well, if you hadn't been acting like such a slut, you wouldn't be here. Girls should know better than to dress and shake their ass at guys like that - it tells them that they want to fuck, you know? I guess, deep down, you probably wanted this. And if you don't want this, then you should have thought about that before you went out dressed like a slut." With that, he punctured her hymen easily, pushing his finger deep into her.

Amy screamed, squirming in place, her pussy clenching down around his finger. Jasper grinned and pumped it in and out of her a few times before raising his finger to his nose - he could smell the blood and her juices. Jasper groaned.

"Well, slut, I better get you all juiced up so I don't rip your cunt open when I breed you," he said, dropping down onto his knees.

Amy made grunting noises that could have been begging, but the gag opening her mouth up painfully wide stopped her from making any useful sounds at all. All she could do was grunt and groan like an animal - Jasper had taken away her power of speech, leaving only a hole to be fucked.

He spread her pussy lips open, getting a good luck at her juicy, moist cunt. Jasper rubbed his finger gently back and forth over her slit, teasing at her clit, feeling her quiver against him. He pulled the lips open further, exposing her completely to him, pulling her hips out so he could lean in and inhale the scent of her sex. Then, he went to work, lapping at her slowly. He took his time, enjoying himself, feeling her shake and squirm in his grip, fighting her bonds as he licked and sucked at her most intimate places. He sucked and prodded at her clit with his tongue, ignoring her grunts of protest.

It wasn't long until the little button swelled out of its hood, exposed to his ministrations. He flicked his tongue against it, feeling her squirm and flex helplessly. By the time he slid his tongue back, she was dripping wet, her cunt pink and shiny and smooth. Jasper pulled her open and slid his tongue deep inside of her, tasting her. She jerked against him, moaning helplessly as he tongue-fucked her. By the time he was finished, she was quivering, her hands clenching behind her back as she writhed, her pussy molten and wet.

"Mm, see," Jasper said, getting to his feet and wiping his lips. "You want it. I saw you, shaking your ass out there on the dance floor, trying to get guys to fuck you. You're such a slut - you get wet so easily, even knowing I'm going to rape your pussy. And after I'm done with that, I'm going to rape your ass, too." He slid two fingers into her cunt, stretching her out, feeling her clench around him. "But I guess knowing that you're finally going to get fucked just makes you wet. I guess that's understandable, seeing as it's your purpose in life and all."

Amy screamed, the gag making her words incomprehensible, his eyes rolling back in her head as her rapist finger-fucked her. Her toes curled, her hands curling into fists as he pushed a third finger inside her, really opening her up, making her cunt burn and her exposed, swollen clit throb. She didn't want to be raped - she was a good girl. She had wanted to save herself for someone special, but now all of this was going to be taken away by a brute, and there was nothing she could do about it. She couldn't even stop her pussy from getting wet, her shame making her flush deeply as she screamed for help.

"You can scream all you want," Jasper said, fucking his fingers in and out of her slick, juicy pussy. "No one's going to come and save you. In fact, there are ten men up there waiting for their turn." He laughed, pulling is fingers free with an obscene, slick sound.

Her screams of horror turned into helpless sobs as she took in her situation - one man was bad enough, but there was a whole gang of them waiting to rape her. She flexed against the rope holding her, but all she succeeded in doing was hurting herself.

"We're going to do whatever we want to you," Jasper said. "I'm going to breed you like my bitch. You belong to me, now, whore." He aimed himself at her hot, wet pussy, pushing the thick head past her slick folds. Jasper groaned, gripping her hips and thrusting inside in one brutal thrust, pushing eight inches of his cock into her at once before he bottomed out, leaving two inches outside of her and his cock pressed up against her cervix.

Amy screamed as pain ripped through her cunt. She moaned deliriously - she'd only ever fingered herself a little, and she'd never felt so full. He was so thick and so long, pressing up against something inside her that made her feel sick, filling her up completely with his cock. She clenched helplessly around him, her pussy sucking him in like it wanted him there, her body spasming helplessly, her clit throbbing demandingly.

"That's it. You like that, don't you, whore?" Jasper asked, starting to fuck her in long, hard slides. He pulled out all the way to the head every time he drew back, then shoved inside again as deep as he could, grunting with frustration at the fact that he couldn't ram all ten, thick inches inside her.

Every hard thrust rocked her whole body against the table, making her clench. Her toes and fingers curled every time he bottomed out in her cunt. Jasper curled a hand in her hair and yanked her head up, breeding her in quick, merciless thrusts. She had never been so full in her life. She squirmed around his thick cock, whimpering helplessly as her nipples tightened and her cunt throbbed with a mixture of burning, aching pain and something else.

She came suddenly, spasming hard around his dick, jerking against the rope that bound her as he slammed inside of her repeatedly, not caring that it hurt. He didn't give a shit if it hurt her to have her pussy pounded whilst it clenched around him. It was her own fault for coming just from being raped.

"Wow," Jasper said, grunting with effort as he tried to force his cock deeper into her hot cunt, pressing painfully against her cervix. She shuddered against him, the last shivers of her orgasm ebbing away, replaced by searing pain. "I knew from the moment I saw you that you were a born slut. Seems like I pick 'em well - anyone that can come from having their cunt fucked open and raped is pretty fucking messed up," Jasper said. "I knew from the moment I saw you that you were destined to be a fucktoy. Don't worry; I'll make sure you live your dream."

Amy sobbed, making a series of protesting noises as she drooled through the open-mouthed gag. Was it just her imagination, or did he seem thicker? At first, she put it down to the fact that she felt swollen from the pounding he was given her, but soon, it became apparent that she wasn't imagining it - the base of his cock really was getting thicker. Helplessly, she struggled weakly against her bindings as he impaled her, opening her up. The thickness at the base of his dick barely entered her, but it was enough to scare her.

"Nnn, I think you'd better take my knot, now," Jasper said, grinding up against her, trying to force more of his knot into her. He grunted in frustration as the head of his cock smashed up against her cervix again, leaving the vital two inches of knot outside of her wet, pink pussy. The drive to knot was extreme and he groaned again. It was thickening slowly - easily the size of an orange, and before it was done, it would be the size of his fist. Jasper was a big man - he didn't have small fists. If he didn't get that knot into her soon, he would rip her open.

Rocking, he gripped her hips, forcing his cock forward. His strength was no match for her. He eased his cock deeper, forcing himself into her cervix. At the same time as the head of his cock slid past the tight, encasing muscle, his knot penetrated her, opening her up like she had never been opened up before, completely unlike a human cock. Jasper moaned - the ring of her cervix settled in right around his frenulum. Every movement he made stimulated him, rubbing his foreskin back and forth over the sensitive head of his cock. He pushed deeper, forcing the last of his knot into her until her pussy clamped around the base of his dick, the knot fully inside of her.

Through it all, Amy screamed. She screamed until she was hoarse, and still it didn't stop. The knot in her grew, forcing his dick deeper into her cervix and opening her up until her toes cramped from curling. It grew easily to the size of his fist, maybe even a little more, ruining her pussy for good. At least for any normal man, anyway. Jasper would enjoy knotting his bitch again and again.

The werewolf's dick was so big that it was virtually impossible to avoid her g-spot - the length of his cock rubbed against it every time he moved. Soon, Amy's shudders of pain mixed with shudders of pleasure as she writhed and bucked against him, whimpering and moaning as he violated her, hurting her and making her pussy gush all at once.

"Fuck, your cunt's so tight, slut," Jasper moaned, rocking his hips. His balls tingled, drawing up tightly against his body. His muscles tensed and he pushed forward, trying to get as deep as he possibly could. He spurted hot come right up into her cervix, giving himself the best possible opportunity to produce pups from the bitch. Wave after wave of orgasm took him, his come erupting inside of her tight pussy. His orgasm was so much longer than a human's, and he came so much more, gushing come into her for several long minutes, filling her womb completely with his seed.

Amy moaned and whimpered underneath him, jerking as he filled her so completely with his come. She was sure it wasn't natural - surely no man could come that much. She could feel it filling her up inside, pressing at the walls of her cervix, trying to find its way out. She felt bloated and cramped and she gasped, struggling to get away from him. It seemed like it would never end.

Jasper finished with a low sigh. His hips jerked a few times before he settled, locked deep in his bitch's cunt, his knot stopping even a drop of his come from escaping. He stroked his cunt's hip, then slapped her ass hard.

"Not bad for a first fuck," he said. "I can't wait to sample that tight little ass of yours, now that I've ruined your cunt for life. I'm sure you'll like that." Jasper pulled open her buttocks and looked down, admiring her pink, tight little hole. "Man, that looks so tight. I can't wait to bury my thick knot in there." He grinned, spitting into his hand and forcing one finger into her tight asshole. With his knot locked in her pussy, it was extremely, extremely tight, but he forced it into her anyway as she writhed and screamed.

"Mmm, yeah," he said, fucking her ass roughly on his finger. "That feels so good, doesn't it? You're lucky I want to keep you for my pups, or I'd fuck your ass without stretching just to see my knot drag your insides out with it. I've done that to plenty of girls - and men. Piss me off and I'll do it to you. But don't worry, baby, I'll make sure to stuff it nice and full either way."

Amy jerked and sobbed underneath him, pleading helplessly behind the gag. Drool trickled down her chin - there was a small puddle of it on the table. She couldn't say a word to stop him; all she could do was lie there and take it. It felt like he was ripping open her ass, and that was just with one finger. She couldn't even imagine taking the knot in her pussy up her virgin asshole. Her legs strained against the rope, making her legs burn.

Jasper just laughed at her frantic struggles. "Does that make you feel nice, baby?" he asked, forcing a second finger up her ass. He felt her clench around him. He could feel his knot through the thin lining between her ass and her cunt. He twisted his fingers around inside her, his cock throbbing eagerly at the thought of getting in that sweet tight hole. Unfortunately, he would have to wait until his knot went down before he got a chance to fuck her in the ass.

"Just wait until we start double-fucking you," he said, pulling his fingers out of her ass. He laughed at the way her hole clung to his fingers like it wanted to come out with them. "One knot in your cunt and one knot in your asshole. I know what you're thinking - you're thinking that we'd never be able to do that without killing you, but that's far from true. You'd be surprised how much a bitch like you can take with the right motivation. The last bitch I had? By the time I was finished with her, I could double fist her asshole. It really was remarkable. Of course, she couldn't hold her bowels anymore, so we had to give her an enema three times a day to keep her from dribbling shit, and the only way we could feel her loose cunt and ass was to have two knots in one hole, but hey, that's what replacements are for."

As he laid out what was in store for her, Amy could only sob. The funny thing was, he had only touched upon the very tip of the iceberg of what they would do to her - there were so many ways they would play with her, and Jasper would be keeping her for at least nine months, until his pups were born. After that, things would get gradually worse for poor Amy, until Jasper decided that the bitch was of no further use to him and went to get someone else as a replacement.

"Now, bitch, I'm bored. I always get bored with my knot up a cunt, but since I don't want to rip it out of you and ruin your pussy forever quite yet, I guess I'm just gonna have to play with you."

"Nnngh! Nnngh!" Amy grunted out behind the gag, shaking her head.

Jasper laughed and slapped her pussy, none too gently, making Amy's body jerk. "I know, I know. You've already come twice. Don't worry; I'll make sure you come lots and lots as a reward for being my fuck pussy." He spread her lips open slowly, until everything was exposed to him, her tiny little clit poking out. Jasper rubbed his thumb over it.

"Nnnnn..." Amy spasmed. Just the act of being spread open was enough to make her pussy clench around his thick knot. It was almost like her body knew exactly what being opened up like that meant. Her clit started to throb and swell, her nipples tightening up again as she breathed heavily through the gag. Maybe he was right - maybe she deserved this. Maybe she was nothing but a whore for cock. Her body seemed to scream it.

"That's it," he said, spreading her open further. "I'm going to pump your little clit until it sticks out like a cock, you know that? Better for playing with. The bigger it is, the more I can torture you and the harder I can make you come with it." Keeping her spread open, he slapped her pussy, making sure his palm made contact with her swelling clit.

Amy jumped and jerked, her toes curling helplessly. She could barely move, and despite the pain of it, she felt her clit swelling further with blood, peeking out of its hood further and further.

Jasper started to slap her cunt in a slow, steady rhythm - it was just the wrong side of painful, just a little too hard, enough to keep hurting her even as her cunt juiced up around his cock, her clit getting harder and more swollen.

Amy whimpered and sobbed behind her gag. It hurt, but her clit throbbed and her hips jerked every time he slapped her. She tightened her pussy up reflexively around his huge knot every time a slap landed right on her exposed, swollen clit. Within minutes, her pained whimpers turned into helpless moans as she wriggled and tried to push down into the painful slaps. Jasper had her cunt spread open with his fingers, her little clit fully exposed, his knot stretching her out painfully, and all she could so was squirm slightly and clench around the thick knot ruining her cunt for anything but wolf dick.

"Oh, you're getting into it now, huh?" Jasper asked. He slapped her three times in quick succession, feeling her jerk, feeling her cunt tighten around him as her eyes rolled back in her head. Jasper knew the signs when he saw them. He stopped, toying with her, flicking his thumb gently over her clit as she shuddered for him. Pressing his fingers back, he laughed at the moistness of her cunt - his fingers came away slick from where he was prodding at her, his knot still joining them together. "Fuck, I'm knotting your cunt and slapping your clit and you still get all nice and wet for me, huh? You're going to be a fun one to play with," he said. "I know a masochist when I play with one, and I'm going to see exactly how much pain you can take before your cunt stops juicing for me. But not today. Today, I'm just going to rip your asshole open with my huge knot. Don't feel much like anything more elaborate than that." He laughed and slapped her again, spreading her open further, feeling her jump against him.

"Your little clit is so swollen," he said, rubbing his thumb over it, feeling his new bitch clench deliciously around his cock. "I'm gonna have so much fun with this little nub of yours." He slapped it hard. "But if you piss me off, I'm going to burn it off you. So you better do as you're told. Because if I burn your little clit off, the only way you're going to be able to come is if you learn to do it just from a hard pounding, but I already know that you can do that, so I guess you wouldn't miss it much."

"Nnnnn! Nnnnn!" Just the thought of losing her clit made Amy go cold. It throbbed between her straining legs, eager for her rapist's attention.

"Oh, you want to keep your clit, huh?" Jasper asked. "Well, then I guess you better just do as you're told and not annoy me. Stay still so I can slap your juicy cunt some more."

Groaning quietly, Amy did as she was told, trying to relax her body, trying not to fight the ropes nor squirm, no matter how much she wanted to. Fighting was useless anyway - it didn't do any good.

Spreading her cunt open to its limits, forcing his captive's sensitive clitoris out of its hood so that it was fully exposed, Jasper started to slap her cunt again. This time, he did it harder, making her grunt and jerk with every blow. There was nothing she could do to escape it - all she could do was feel. Like a cock being slapped around, having her clit slapped just made it harder. 

Jasper sped up, slapping her clit to the rhythm of a good, hard fuck. He could feel her clenching around him, could feel her pulse racing through her throbbing cunt.

Drooling, Amy couldn't do anything but whimper, grunt and moan as he abused her. Her sensitive inner lips and her clit felt hot, stinging harshly with every blow. It was too sensitive, stimulating her mercilessly. As he stepped up the pace, her eyes rolled back in her head, little shudders going through her body as he forced her up and up until the dam broke. She screamed throatily, jerking and flailing against the ropes as her orgasm ripped through her, her cunt spasming and clenching around his thick dick like she wanted him to breed her again. He slapped her all the way through it, forcing her orgasm to draw out, shudder after shudder going through her. Her cunt contracted around his dick. She came so hard that her stomach hurt, her clit throbbing in time to her pulse.

When she was done, Jasper patted her exposed clit, making her jerk and twitch under him. "That looked like a good one," he said. He let her go, patting her hip as she moaned deliriously. "I could keep playing with you, but I'm getting kind of bored. Don't worry; I'll make sure you spend a whole day coming, at least once. We can play a game and see how many times you can come in twelve hours. Judging by your sensitivity, I'm guessing a fair bit, if we hook you up to the clit sucker. But we'll have to find out about that later." He grinned and licked the back of her neck.

"Let's get this knot out of you," Jasper said, easing his half-swollen knot from her pussy. It stretched her, making her whimper, but it eventually popped from her with a slick sound. A pink mixture of come and blood flooded out of her gaping cunt, hitting the floor in humiliating splashes.

"Now," Jasper said, using his thumbs to open her buttocks so he could get a nice look at her tight, pink asshole. "Time to shove my cock up your tiny ass."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   curtainsup


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





