BDSM Library - A Visit




A Visit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A dominant man gets introduced to a girl who turns out to be submissive, and invites her for her first session at home to get introduced properly.






It is exactly 6:00 in the evening when she arrives at my door. The weather is cold, clouds are filling the sky and streets are quiet empty as people refrain from going out as usual on those cold evenings. As expected, she is on time and ready. I open the door.

There she is in her white pants with fine black strips, fine burgundy jacket keeping her warm, her long fine neck is wrapped with an orange scarf. Her long black hair is tied back in a pony tail. She is holding her bag up her shoulder with one petite hand, showing fine polished nails. A smile partially appears on my face as I try to hide my content with this gorgeous sight. She walks in, tapping the floor with her high heels, and giving me a nice view of her slender toned legs and bottom.

It is the first time for her to come over to my place. We have met each other at a house party at a common friend’s and it seemed there was chemistry. She stood out of the crowd as she was attractive, sexy, intelligent and opinionated. That day we exchanged phone numbers and later on went out several times. In one innocent conversation I brought up ‘alternative lifestyle’, and immediately we were talking about the excitement of bondage and consensual giving of will to a master. It was obvious she is into that too, and I thought what a stroke of luck I had.

After that we had several talks about the lifestyle. I knew she is single and she shyly admitted to me that sometimes she likes to play with herself, claiming that she knows better how to please herself. In turn, I calmly tell her that these days are over, and that from now on, she will have to take my permission before she gets any orgasm. This meant that sometimes I would get a call very late in the night from her, asking me for permission. Depending on her achievements in other things, and how she had been holding to my other rules, she would either get one, or none at all.

Later she indicated that she feels ready to take this relationship a step further. She admitted that she likes to please me and trusts my judgment in many aspects of life. She also admitted that this small game of orgasm control has been exciting her in ways she never had expected. I told her that I would expect her at my place next Saturday at 6:00pm. So there she is. We have a short conversation before I ask her if she likes to drink something. She replies positively, and I lead her to the kitchen, telling her to help herself. She helps herself for a drink and pours me one. We go back to sit in the living room. I can sense her nervousness. Her voice sometimes trembles when she talks and I figure out she is excited and apprehensive. She has no clue about what I have for her tonight. We agreed that she will come over and that she will be at my will and my command, but we have not discussed what we will be doing. We even did not discuss what will be the limits and red lines.

She had taken off her jacket and she is now sitting in a black shirt, having a couple of buttons open, and I can see the top of a fine cleavage, and a lace black bra. I am sitting in classic grey pants, a white shirt which contrasts my dark skin. She is quite tall, but I manage to make her look tiny with my tall and big figure.

She finishes her drink rather quickly, and our small talks were coming to an end quickly too. I can feel she is much more comfortable now but still apprehensive. I gave no indication to what thoughts are running in my head. I decided it was time for action. I rose up slowly, disappeared for a few moments, giving her time to look around and feel at home. My place was well furnished, cozy and welcoming, and the tight windows allowed no heat to escape, keeping it warm inside. A big screen stood at one end of the room, facing a long sofa and a couple more chairs that make you sink in when you sit in them. A Persian rug covered the wooden floor, and a long shelf covered the other wall, having a wide range of statues and hand-made ornaments of different tastes, giving an indication that I travel around. A wooden table sat in the middle of the room, with a small cover and coasters on top.

I came back with a small black cloth in my hand. She looked at me, her eyes questioning me about the next step. She is soon to get an answer. I sat down this time beside her on the sofa, and told her that it is time for action. Gently holding the cloth in front of her eyes, and reaching out to tie it behind her head. “You will be less embarrassed if you can’t see”, I explained as I made sure she can see nothing.

“Stand up”, I ordered her. She stood up without saying a word and took a step towards the middle of the room, and turned to face me. “Take off your shirt”, was my next command to her. She slowly unbuttoned it, feeling reluctant but rather expecting such an order.

She took off her shirt to reveal a black bra holding tight a pair of rounded and ripe size-C breasts, showing a well established cleavage, and a flat toned tummy with almost a haze of some six packs. At the age of 26, and as she was a regular at the gym, her body was at its best.

I stood up and walked towards her, gently touching her tummy just under her bellybutton, her tummy muscles tensed reflexively as she gasped to my unexpected touch. I moved my hand up, and touched her again next to her clavicle, and moved my fingers towards her shoulder, clearly seeing the goose-bumps appearing on her skin.

“Now, your pants!”, I commanded. She took them off, gradually showing off her long slender legs, her toned thighs, and black panties matching her bra set. I took a deep breath while examining her body with my eyes. Smelling her excitement in the air, I felt lucky to have her here today. I became aware of the bulge in my crotch.

I held the collar I had prepared for her visit. It was a black leather collar with one eye to tie a leash in front. I put it on around her neck, making sure her hair was not caught inside. The next moment a long leash was tied to it. It was nice to have control of her neck now. I slowly pulled downwards to force her to bend. I reached behind and with one swift move, unhooked her bra, and she shrudded her shoulders to drop it to the floor, revealing the full figure of her round breasts and light-colored soft nipples.

She was silent. I caressed her back gently as I ordered her to sit down on her knees. “Yes, Master”, she responded as she got down to her knees. Perfect! You never get to get a trained sub from the very beginning. She knows what to do and how to behave. But still, there are many things I want to teach her. She will enjoy every single lesson she learns. She will love me like she never thought she could love someone. She will find absolute pleasure in dedicating her body, her mind, and her soul to me, at no apparent price but rather that she will please me, and she will know I will take care of her and lead her life towards what is best for her.

Next I grasped the leash and pulled her around softly, forcing her to move on her knees and hands, leading her across the living room, on the rug and the wooden floor. She moved without resistance. I led her to the other end of the room where I sat on a chair, making her face my knees. She had no clue that I took off my shirt and pants as I walked, threw them on the floor, and only had my boxer shorts on now. She must have realized that when I pulled her closed and she touched my naked thighs, feeling the strong muscles, and the hair covering them.

“Now lets how good are you fit to serve me.” I said. She touched my long erect organ, and was getting it out of my boxer shorts when I said : “No. Not too fast. You are not getting anything you want until you beg for it”. I pulled her head backward with the leash. “Stay still!” I commanded. I slowly reached out to touch her body again. This time touching her thighs and back, steering away from any erogenous zones, heightening even more her apprehension. I leaned forward and my mouth was very close to her body, I breathed warm air off her breasts, and I could hear her gasp. I kept on breathing off the warm air on her body till I got to her neck, slowly touching it. Her long slender neck smelled of nice perfume, and I could see all the goose-bumps appearing in response to my touch. I could hear her breath rising. It was my first time to touch her in an erotic way.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:     Master Dominan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





