BDSM Library - Lord Oakes' Daughter




Lord Oakes' Daughter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  My darling Camilla unjustly cast binto the depths of degradation stripped of her finery and whipped before all in the town square






She appeared to me as if an angel at Mr Marchington's ball at the great hall at Thrimby, I was at once bewitched and dangled helpless in her thrall, as I beheld an angel with ringletted golden hair, with eyes of blue and a merry laugh that lightened even my poor dour soul.

And I was not alone, everyone else that claimed to be male and of the red blood lusted after this angel, the very epitome of beauty and grace, as she glided swiftly across the dance-floor in as swish of flouncing lace, as if held aloft by suspension from the clouds not mere mortal legs, while I possessed of two left feet, metaphorically you understand not physically, thus felt compelled to remain upon the side lines.

"Who is the angel!" I asked Barrington a new friend I had but recently made after our move from Berkshire to our new home at Gatesby Hall at Hibblethwaite near Gatesby.

"Why the honourable Camilla Oakes," quoth he, "Fresh from mourning her poor Mama."

"Fresh?" I asked.

"Oh yes enforcedly so," said he,&nbsp; "Her father has married a widow, precipitately I fear, Mrs Parsonage, though a less Christian soul it is had to envision."

"This Oakes, he was widowed?" I asked.

"Indeed nine months since at the outside," he informed me, "Precipitately do you see?"

I allow I am no great charmer where wenches are concerned, always the compliment falls flat or is misconstrued, and dances had become a purgatory, although when I look in the mirror I see I have but one mouth, a single nose and two each of ears and eyes, and not a hint of horns or forked tail.

She evaded me, this Camilla did, easily, for suitors queued to dance with her to the dismay of those with her I must admit, the dark haired sisters Lilla and Catherine Parsonage with whom I dared to speak briefly, when misguidedly I asked about Camilla, I enraged the pair immensely.

It remained with me that image of Camilla, and it was entirely ridiculous, she was beautiful, charming, chaste, healthy everything one could wish for in a wife, I believe she was in the top ten of my fathers shortlist of suitable brides for me and yet I could not bring myself to speak to her.

"How went the wenching?" my father asked as I returned that very evening.

"Pleasant enough, Father," I suggested.

"Did ye sample the goods John?" he asked, "Chaste kiss perchance?"

"I spoke to Miss Lilla Parsonage." I explained.

"Talking won't get an heir my boy," he offered, "You have had twenty three summers already, all the good ones will be gone before you get round to bedding them!"

"Yes Father," I agreed.

"Then do something about it my boy!" he insisted.

Now my father unlike myself was regarded as being in the first rank among exponents of wenching, I knew that half the maids and more on our old estate had he sampled, and as a consequence mother now resided with aunt Matilda in Brighton so that she should be spared the humiliation of my father's dalliances, and the pain he inflicted with his constant demands even though I was their own surviving child he never restricted his demands that she should bear "A Spare," or second son, something of which she seemed incapable neither son nor daughter being conceived.

Miss Camilla I rapidly discovered had the eye of Gerald Handley, the protege of our prime minister no less, and thus, for practical purposes she became out of bounds, not through rank but because he was beautiful with beautiful manners and a command of English second to none whereas I it is well said that pedantry is my forte, the law, figures, balance sheets and facts not flowered prose and elegant lies.

It was not to be, a romance between Camilla Oakes and I, and that was an end to it.

The season dragged on, this ball and that until I own I should rather have a tooth pulled than attend another, "Mr Hunstanton," Camilla addressed me on one occasion, "My dear sister Lilla has no partner shall I ask her for you?" she said crushing my spirit like a grape under a cows hoof.

Poor mean dark haired Lilla, all latin promise, dark hair and a faint tan to the skin always, pretty enough but not a candle to Camilla's sun.

"I have an ankle sprain," I lied and thereafter limped.

"Mr Hunstanton," Camilla said again in passing later, "I would ask only that you remember which ankle is sprained that you may limp with the same leg always," and my deception was shown in a trice, though I rejoiced that she had at least noticed me.

I had a fort-night training with the Militia which thankfully meant I missed the next ball. My father had sought the rank of Major for me but I sneaked away and bought a Lieutenancy instead, that way I had but ten to twenty lads to control and could know them as men not numbers and I enjoyed every second with Sergeant Riketts and Corporal Munn who ran my platoon.

Of course that did not suit my father either, "Damned Lieutenenant, taking orders form Batty Boulders and the like, you are a disgrace to my name!" He stormed, though I think he realised that by so doing I learned something from my time, when as Major I should have been in essence messenger boy from Colonel to Captain, and I could always buy a promotion if I so desired..

I came home from our training camp to a terrible situation, there was a court case among the Oakes, Miss Camilla had been found&nbsp; in flagrant undress with a servant, first the servant was to be tried and when afterwards when he insisted it was of Camilla's instigation so Lady Oakes had insisted Camilla be made an example of lest her debauchery corrupt Lady Oakes' own daughters Lilla and Catherine who were of an age with her.

It fell to be heard at the Gatesby assizes, one John Raiment was to be charged with indecency since Camilla was but nineteen years old and not yet of majority, that age of 21 years whereby she may marry without consent.

"The Oakes' girl's a flighty one John," my father told me at breakfast, "Been caught in flagrante with a servant, he shall be up before old Wobbly Wibblethwaite's bench this forenoon shall you come and see the shenanigans?"

"Ah no" I demurred, "But did you say Catherine?" I asked, "Or Lilla?"

"Camilla," he said, I think I jumped, certainly my china tea leapt from my tea-cup and deposited itself upon my shirt and breeches.

"Camilla!" I gasped, "The angel Camilla!" I could not believe it, "No surely not," I spluttered, "What purpose would she have with servants with Mr Gerald Handley on his knees at her beck and call?"

 "Ah but it's too dammed late John," my father admitted, "This will ruin her, old Oakes will disinherit her if 'tis true." and he peered at my with a sort of amused smirk as if he was already plotting something.

"Then we must go," I insisted, "And offer what assistance we may."

We took carriage to Gatesby, to the Court house there, It was as father said, the trial started at ten, we were late as always with father, it was ten minutes past the tenth hour when we sneaked in and as we had no seat reserved so we were compelled to sit in the third rank which displeased my father slightly as by this Lords and common fellows had the appearance of precedence.

The Oakes' servant John Raiment was sworn in and ready to answer as we sat.

"Oh the charge of Indecency how do you plead," the court clerk, Adams, a mean fellow of threadbare appearance, threadbare grey coat and hair to match, or so I thought asked him.

There was a pause and then came an astonished gasp as he said "Guilty."

"Oh," Judge Wibblethwaite exclaimed as he woke from an apparent slumber, "Not, Not Guilty, but Guilty?"

"Indeed sir." Raiment averred.

"And have you any mitigation." the Judge asked.

"Merely that I had no choice sir, Miss Camilla is in essence my mistress sir, when she asked that I, ah, pleasure her sir , and thus had I had no option sir." he said but awkwardly as if reading from a Shakespeare play.

"Really, am I expected to believe that?" the Judge asked.

"Ask her yourself," Raiment suggested, and that is what the Judge did.

"Stand down Raiment, call Miss Camilla Oakes." he instructed.

She came down from an ante room like an angel, so gloriously enchanting that no man might resist her and she stood all golden ringlets and red gown as swore on the bible that she would be truthful.

"Tell the court what happened between you and Raiment." the Judge asked.

"Yes my Lord!" she said, "He was in my room when I returned from my walk, and he tried to kiss me, then Step Mama came and she believed I had seduced him."

"Tried to kiss?" the Judge asked, "I have it in writing you were undone, bare indeed and that your pleasured moans attracted the attention of Lady Oaks, do you deny it?"

"Indeed, that was not what transpired at all," Camilla insisted.

"But Lady Oaks, Mr Raiment and your sisters all say by word and in writing that you seduced him." the Judge insisted.&nbsp; It all seemed most irregular but Wibblethwaite had conducted affairs thus for twenty and more years.

"Then they are not truthful." she insisted. 

The Judge sighed, "But I say again we have here sworn testimony from Lady Oakes and her daughters and from Raiment both spoken and in writing that that is what occurred." 

"Then they lie!" she insisted.

"And your Physician," the Judge enquired, "Why does he aver that you are no longer chaste?"

A gasp hissed around the courtroom.

"No!" she wailed.

"Cannot be disputed," the Judge insisted, "No it is clear you are a wanton strumpet and unfit for decent society, but that aside perjury you have committed even after your lover hath confessed, this may not be left unpunished," he announced with considerable seriousness, "Have you anything to say in your defence?"

"It is lies all lies!" Camilla exclaimed.

"Father," I whispered, "This is most irregular, tis Raiment on Trial not Camilla, and Mr Haynes treatise upon English Law says." I explained.

"Shut up!" Father hissed, "Just listen you fool."

"Oh for pities sake wench," The Judge snapped, "Lord Oakes, sir are you present, if so please stand."

The Noble Lord rose steadily to stand unsteadily from one of the seats set aside for those of quality, "Sir may I be of assistance?" he asked.

"Yes sir," the Judge continued,"It is my intention to bind over your daughter Camilla in the sum of two hundred pounds that she shall be of good character until her majority."

I saw the Lady Oakes whisper and then the Lord spoke, "I shall do no such thing, she brings my name into disrepute and confers shame on my darling Katerina and her sweet gentle children, no I should rather cast her out in the gutter."

"Father!" Camilla cried.

"Do not speak to me as father!" the Lord Oakes&nbsp; snapped, "My lord will suffice henceforth because you are no daughter of mine."

"Oh can it be that even you have betrayed me now!" Camilla railed.

I stood inadvisedly it must be admitted, "I'll stand surety," I said.

"Sit down you fool," my father hissed, correctly as it turned out as he had a far better appreciation of the ways of women what effect my outburst would have upon Camilla.

"You!" Camilla railed, "I should rather be incarcerated the whole twenty months."

"Don't be too hasty Miss Oakes for that is an alternative expedient," the Judge interjected, "Sit down Mr?"

"Hunstanton sir!" I said quickly.

"Ah yes, Hunstanton, well sir when we have a need of a village idiot, I shall send a communication," he said and the entire court laughed at me, Camilla included, and then I sat down, red faced and angry beyond measure. 

"So Miss Oakes," the Judge enquired, "Why should I not have you incarcerated for your lies?"

"They are not lies!" she insisted.

"Come this is not some girlish jape," the Judge reminded her,"This is of the utmost seriousness, I offer you the chance to repent, not to repeat your lies, you are upon oath remember." he repeated. 
"I speak the truth." she said.

"Then you shall remain in Gatesby Jail until surety is found or perhaps a menial position is secured," he thought a moment, "Indeed if you are dispossessed then a menial position is all you may hope for," he thought, "So, yes, you shall attend the hiring fair, that is the Mop fair and see if you may secure a position, and if so your master or mistress may apply to me for your release.

"Menial position, I am daughter of a Nobleman, never!" Camilla railed her anger lighting her face showing her character, such beauty, such perfection!

"Silence or I shall have you whipped!" the Judge insisted, "Show some respect."

"But I am innocent!" she protested.

"Ten lashes," the Judge declared.

"That is beyond your power," Camilla snapped, "I am a Noblewoman!"

"Twenty lashes, you have been dispossessed do you not understand?" the Judge retorted.

"That is immaterial!" Camilla argued.

"Forty Lashes," he suggested, "Shall you try for the round hundred."

"May Satan have mercy on your soul for you are truly evil!" Camilla replied.

"One Hunded lashes one more out-burst and I shall have you transported to the Antipodes."

"Ohhhhh!" she railed but finally stilled her tongue.

"Take her out master Jailor, have her brought to the market square on the morrow, ten of the clock if please," the Judge instructed, "And learn some manners Miss Oakes."

Camilla stood down, the anger radiating from her made her ever more beauteous in my estimation and thankfully somehow she held her tongue, and allowed herself to be taken away.

"You bloody fool," father said quietly, "You can't buy the wenches' affection," and raising his voice to be heard more generally he said , "And you have a position to maintain, how should such a creature stand as wife, mother to you children, my grandchildren?"

"Wife, oh, no, I," I stuttered, "I meant not to buy her for a wife, just to have my regard for her acknowledged."

"Then Wibblethwaite is right and you are admirably qualified to be village idiot." he insisted, "County idiot in fact," he laughed, and then said more quietly, "For heaven's sake John, with your fortune girls should be chasing you, not rushing for cover at your approach!"

"I know," I agreed, "But well,"

"You're not bad looking John," my father continued, "But I own you are a tedious pedant when it comes to conversation, and why you cannot read Shakespeare instead of Mr Haynes treatise upon English Law is complete mystery to me."

We hushed at the Judges instruction, "All in attendance for the Oakes' trial may step down and quickly so, that I may proceed with Mr Allinson,"

Quickly and our society were two incompatibilities, and ten minutes must have elapsed before all were ejected, my father sought to remove ourselves with promptitude, but the Oakes were before us, not Camilla of course but the Lord and Lady and Lilla and Catherine, all blocked our exit.

"Ah Edward," the Lord Oakes greeted father, where really with father being Earl Norchester it should have been 'Your Grace', "And who is the buffoon with you?"

"My son John Hunstanton," my father explained inadequately.

"Son eh?" he chuckled, "Then you must come to dine, dine I say what say you my dears," and he turned to his wife and her daughters.

"Oh, son, indeed?" the Lady queried, "Indeed dine, yes most certainly dine with us Mr Gerald Handley, is invited already," and it was settled, and my contempt for them redoubled tenfold.

The day passed interminably, and then before dawn I was away to Gatesby Jail, "I have come with surety for Miss Oakes," I said when at length the Jailor was roused and came to the door.

"And who are you?" he asked.

"John Hunstanton!" I said.

"Oh the village idiot," quoth he, my reputation having preceded me, "Be gone fool before I lock thee in additionally." he said and slammed the door.

I waited until a half past nine&nbsp; and then through the Jail yard gate came a cart carrying Camilla still in her gown of the court appearance, crimson with the inevitable white trim, yet caged like a lion in a cage, a cage be it noted deficient in height and by far&nbsp; too low for her to stand erect so she stooped inelegantly. It halted briefly while the driver leapt aboard from leading the team.

"Miss Oakes," I said as I rushed to her.

"Be gone you fool," she quoth, "You have no business here,"

"But they will whip you?" I said.

"Better by far that than to be behoven to you." she said, and with that the carter cracked his whip and the cart sped away at a good lick.

I followed to the market square, the stage for the Gallows was set up but the Gallows themselves were missing, and as I stood impotently so Camilla was removed from the cage and manhandled to the stage where Mister Gibbons the gargantuan weather beaten hangman Wibblethwaite always employed was there, waiting menacingly, his grizzled face and muscled arms near the same tan colour as his leather waistcoat and twice and a half the weight of poor slender Camilla, and there in his huge hand he bore a whip, an evil device neither cat o' nine tails nor horse whip but somewhere between the two made of leather but with a rope wound carved&nbsp; bone handle.

I took up a position at the back of the watching throng, "Bare her back if you please Mr Gibbons," I heard Judge Wibblethwaite order, and as I looked across I saw him there, presiding at the edge of the stage, "Bare her then, man!" he insisted impatiently.

"No!" Camilla cried but Gibbons advanced, "Beg pardon miss," he said quietly and went to undo her hooks and eyes but Camilla hit him with her hands, I say hands because I saw her hands were tied together at the wrists with a rope before her.

"Aw," Gibbons wailed and recoiled in shock.

"Cut it man, use your dagger!" the Judge insisted and thereupon Gibbons drew his dagger and inserted the pointed end against the collar of poor Camilla's collar gown, sharp edge outermost I prayed, and then with a rending tearing sound he drew it down and jabbed and hacked at the material and her gown and under things just parted in twain revealing the genteel pink softness of her her bared shoulders, and then the spine of her backbone was revealed for the amusement and gaze of the throng and then as her gown was brutally hacked away her corsets were revealed all black and whale boned and laced in tapes of reddish hue, and there he paused in certainly.

"Cut man, bare her, we have not all day," the Judge shouted to spur him on.

So Gibbins took the dagger again and he cut and hacked through the tapess until they fell away one by one in a fluttering cascade of red fragments and then finally and unnecessarily he ripped the whale boned carcase of the thing from her revealing all her sweet unsullied pink softness of form and yet even without the restraint of corsetry her girth expanded no more than an inch, so perfect was her form so girlish yet womanly, the very epitome of an angel, more beautiful by half than the angels in Mr Samprini's depictions or Mr Da Vinci's I own.&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted so much to rise up and spirit her away from this crudity yet I could no more do so than fly to sit upon the moon.

But Gibbons was but started upon his crude humilliation of the angel, after throwing aside her corset he set about her things with renewed vigour, robe and under-things were together cut separating and all the time widening the expanse of her which appeared freshly naked for all to gaze upon, and he cut away that which covered her loins and buttocks, yes, indeed, leaving her very buttocks naked and pink and quivering as she shook now with fear and trepidation in utter humilliation.

Even her most privateness must have been available to the gaze of the nearest as Gibbons admired his work having left her bared but for the mass of bunched gown around her arms and so after setting his dagger in his waist band once again he took up his whip swung it back and with a mighty forehand over the arm motion so he struck her.

For me, I own time near stood still as I tracked the wicked leathered straps of the whip from backswing to the impactation of harsh brown leather on soft pink flesh and I swear I saw her flesh yield instantly to leave an arrow straight groove which swiftly regained its former shape but with the faintest blued tinge of bruising.#

The violence of the assault astounded her, her beautiful face contorted with the pain yet this was but the first of a century of lashes, "Ahhhhhhh," she wailed high and pure like a soprano at the opera house and then another monstrous blow Gibons delivered, thwack!

Again the flesh yielded and again recovered yet faintly bruised and then again the whip flashed down and "Ahhhhh," Camilla wailed, and all of a sudden the parallel trails of the whip's passage were there upon her, livid and red upon her alabaster skin for all to see, and with each blow another angry weal was added, and another but her poor abused shin was not only bruised now but so flayed that each slashing agony brought forth a rash of tiny bloodied spots which mingled and merged to form a bloodied mass upon her poor, soft innocent pinkness until there was no spot left anywhere upon back or backside that was unsullied.

"For pities sake!" I cried but my cry was not noted among Camilla's own screams and indeed the hubbub of cheers and jeers from the throng who expressed their delight with whoops and jeers and cat calls at one of the aristocracy being brought to their level, and indeed below as stripped bare was she flogged and then the judge called a halt.

I thought he was showing mercy, but no it was expediency, "Free her hands," the Judge ordered, and as Gibbons slashed through the ropes so the remains of her gown fall away to the floor leaving her to try to hide her charms with her hands but to no avail as Gibbons once again took up the whip and began slashing away at her, this time her breast the target, her perfect mounds that no one but her husband and infant children should know, and the perfect teats thereon, now stiffening and darkening as they were sorely abused, with livid bruising and the red of blood where the skin was broken, and when the mounds were likewise a mass of stripes such the each fresh assault landed upon a previous mark so he began slashing at the front of her elegant legs and when she sought to protect the aforementioned legs so to the breast did he return taking a delight in striking her teats time after time, and even on occasion did he strike right on that part usually kept the most private and her writhing thereafter displayed that supposed privateness in all its soft glorious golden haired and pink glory to all that craned and strained to view it.
 .
Even when she fell to the floor so Gibbon's assistants Firkin and Hallows, and a more disreputable pair one could never expect to meet in three lifetimes, took hold each of one of Camilla's arms and dragged her up again..

"For pities sake," I cried, but my entreaty was drowned among a host of chants, "Ninety!" someone chanted, I had counted but seventy six but I joined immediately and the hubbub grew, "Ninety One, Ninety Two, Ninety Three," They chanted and in a crescendo, "Ninety Eight, Ninety Nine, One Hundred." wherepon Firkins dropped Camilla and Gibbons missed her and slashed Hallows across the arm, whereupon Hallows punched Gibbons who kicked Firkins and the whole descended into farce.

I pressed to the stage, climbing under some and over others in my frenzy and I gained the platform and climbed thereon, Camilla was insensible, dead as I thought as I grasped her and slid off my Jacket to lend her, and I gazed at her beautiful countenance all creased with pain and I vowed to avenge her and the very next thing I knew was that I woke an hour and more thence with a splitting headache and an agonised jaw lying athwart a table in the back room at the Ramsbottom Arms public house 

It seemed Gibbons took exception to my intrusion and removed me from the platform with a left jab to my chin, whereupon I slept soundly as I travelled through space for a few feet before landing, as father explained upon that strongest part of my anatomy, my unusually thick skull.

Father's faithful servant Dawson stood by as I woke, "Ah awake at last," he said, "His Grace says to try not to induce a riot and to get home instantly!" he added as he showed me his injured knuckles.

"Oh, what happened." I asked.

"I hurt my hand rescuing your jacket," he said, "But it hurt Hallows jaw more I'll wager, but please sir., I entreat you please do his Grace's bidding and slip away home."

"But I must see Camilla!" I protested.

"Very well, if you must," he agreed, and we went to the jail as I requested, but we were kept at the gate, "She has left instructions that you may not visit her," the jailor's man insisted.

"But it is I that tried to help her, I John Hunstanton." I explained.

"Indeed sir, that is what I told her sir," he said

"What I?" I asked.

"Yes you sir, you particularly, sir," he explained, "Miss Oakes wishes none but her former governess Miss Daley to attend her." he said pompously.

"But how is she?" I asked.
 
"Oh middling," he replied insolently, "She's lying in a cell&nbsp; in a pool of her own blood crying" he continued, "But she says she wants nothing to do with you."

Dawson thereupon grasped me firmly around the throat before I had a chance to assault the insolent oaf and then he, Dawson, set me firmly on the way home.

Father was in surprisingly good humour as I returned, "So Prince Charming how is your Princess?"

"She won't see me," I admitted, "She wants none but her governess."

"Why am I not surprised, now set aside thoughts of Camilla and we shall dine with the Oakes' no less tomorrow evening, we have an invitation the two of us."

"No," I insisted.

"Yes!" he insisted, "Find out about the father, why does he not believe his flesh and blood Camilla, over his lover or wife as he calls her, for you have aroused their interest, so quiz them as they quiz you," he said reasonably,"And if you do not find the girls enchanting then I own I should not decline a gallop." he added outrageously.

So it was we dined with the Oakes, father was his usual suave ebullient self whilst Mr Gerald Handley dazzled with his superior wit and I struggled to insert a single word so poor am I at polite conversation, "So Edward, I knew not John was your son." Lord Oakes declared.

"Yes, a happy accident," he explained, "As you will know my dearest has made a home at Brighton," he explained as he was wont to do, I thought it was to diminish me in peoples estimation but he was far more wily than that!

"So John is your son?" Gerald Handley asked, "And what of Edward your son and heir?" he asked.

Father was playing games, he called me John because we shared the first name of Edward, and it suited me not to be known as Lord Farmingham to which title I was entitled as heir, could you imagine a Lieutenant the Lord Farmingham, no of course that would never do.

"Oh tolerably useless, bound for parliament I'll wager," which wounded Handley who thought to enter Parliament was the holy grail which every man jack strove to attain.

The evening dragged Lilla and Catherine were charming and definitely uninterested in a second or bastard son of an Earl but instead fluttered and tittered and in every way sought to ensnare Mr Handley, while he cared not which one he wooed as it was her dowry from Lord Oakes' fortune that was his interest in the Oakes' girls.&nbsp; Meanwhile my father had absolutely captivated Lady Oakes, I fully expected the pair to sneak away somewhere and return looking flushed but exhilarated as was father's wont, but he restrained himself.

Father though eloquently steered the conversation around to Camilla.

"Awful girl," Lady Oakes averred, "Took an absolute dislike to me from the very first as I tried to comfort my Lord as poor Jemima wasted away."

"It must have been a sore trial," Father sympathised, "John says she absolutely and ruthlessly demanded every beau danced with her at the Marchington's supper dance, did you not John?"

I nodded, "Except you!" Lilla tittered inelegantly.

"Indeed," Father enquired, "No wonder you strive to enter her affections?"

"Yes, indeed," Mr Handley agreed, "Most creditable under happier circumstances, though I own I owe her a great debt of gratitude for enticing me away from Miss Filby and introducing me to her charming sisters."

I peered at him swooning at Lilla and Catherine whom he would have given scant regard had Camilla been present and understood in a trice why they had told such lies about her conduct.

"I suppose that had it been a son with a serving wench no note would have been taken." Father queried.

"Indeed not!" Lady Oakes said, "Such is expected of a healthy gentleman, but a young lady it was such an affront to decency,"

"Still a fine example was set this morning," Lady Oakes said, "So now my girls may take their proper place in society their reputation un-sullied!"

"But let is talk of happier things," Father asked, "Are there sufficient dances and receptions in the county or should I hold one at Gatesby Hall?"

"Oh but you must," Lady Oakes insisted, "We all have the date for the Gatesby Ball, in our diaries, we all shall be devastated if it doesn't occur."

The conversation continued in like vein and then as the mid night approached we accepted the offer of a bed for the night, "But there are three of us and the coachman!" Father protested.

"You shall have the blue room, your Grace, and Mr Handley you shall have Miss Daley's room and your coachmen may bunk in the butler's quarters," Lady Oakes agreed, "And the boy, well I suppose&nbsp; you may use Camilla's room."

"Capital!" my father agreed, "But what of Miss Daley?"

"Oh she was Camilla's governess, and dismissed as of no utility when my sweet Katerina came," Lord Oakes said, "She is seamstress now at Mrs Price-Wright or was it Mr Matthew Allen's establishment."

We proceeded to bed and in the morning Father sought me out, "Look at the door," he said in a whisper,"See it is hinged away from the wall, the chest prevents it opening more than a square angle, so," he paused, "The bed cannot be seen from the hall."

I nodded, "So let us slip away," he said, "Say nothing,"

We slipped away before breakfast, and Father insisted I say nothing about the bedroom until he made enquiries, "But let us await the Mop fair," he said, "We shall have our sport there."

=========================================================


The days passed, I attended the Jail but was refused entry, but unbeknown to me father had Dawson seek out Miss Daley and had furnished her with funds for salts and bandages and all such things for Miss Oakes, that her wounds should be healed with the inference that Mr&nbsp; Gerald Handley was her benefactor.

Sadly believing that her looks should be her downfall Miss Daley persuaded Camilla to hack away her now soiled golden locks so that devoid of lip and cheek rouge she might appear at the hiring fair as a serving maid, and not, as some might construe, as a whore.

The day of the hiring fair dawned crisp and cold and my father had me woken well before it was reasonable to be abroad, and indeed there were barely a single soul abroad as we left our home of Gatesby Hall passed through the village of Hibblethwaite and hamlet of Markham in our carriage and entered the market place of Gatesby.

The fences were all set up, pens for humanity, for general workmen and farm hands, indoor staff, milk maids, housemaids and every sort of maid, all penned like cattle and prodded and peered at like animals or chattels but as was tradition no bids could be made before ten of the clock, so we waited and wandered and awaited both Camilla and the tenth stroke of the Town Hall clock.

It was beyond nine when the Gatesby Jail sent Camilla, Miss Oakes to offer herself for menial duties, as ordered by Judge Wibblethwaite as punishment for her perjurious statements when Mr Raiment was tried for debauchery.&nbsp; She came with Manston a jailor, who while charged with her security also carried the canon ball which was chained by a clasp securely clamped around her ankle.

I stared, they had shorn her golden ringlets, crudely shorn and and as she stooped the markings from her lashings could be seen on her bare arms and legs which her crude prison smock left unclothed. She stood among the lower classes shivering in her thin servants robe, unaccustomed as she was&nbsp; to the cold, her bared feet unaccustomed to the cold hard stone of the market place and all the time the humiliation of being stared at like a curiosity by all that had heard of her sentence which was of course every single person in the county.

"Hold your tongue boy!" Father said, when I saw her but I paid no heed and sought the Judge immediately, but he refused to receive me.

I went back to Camilla, "Fear not." I said, but she sneered, her timidity evaporating as her anger rose upon seeing me

"Go away." she pleaded "I should prefer a twenty months imprisonment to an evening with you!" 
I hoped it was bravado not honesty, but I retained my resolve that she should be vindicated.

It therefore fell to us to wait for the sale, the Judge was it seemed not about to let Camilla be situated with any common personage, and so it came that the Church clock struck two and still Camilla shivered, though the market was almost devoid of hirelings, and then the Judge came to see Camilla and her jailor Manson, while I attended also.

"Ah Hunstanton, the Village idiot, "The Judge laughed, "Are you offering surety again?"

"Yes sir!" I agreed.

"Oh send him hence!" Camilla cried, "The fool has not the means, his brain is addled." she added helpfully.

"Do you know I am tempted to let him stand surety," the Judge admitted to my father.

"Actually there was a gentleman around who had an interest," Father admitted, "There is his man," he said, "I say you, Lord Farmingham's man," Father addressed no other than Dawson his own Butler.

"My Lord," Dawson answered.

"Tis Your Grace, but no mattter," Father insisted, "Did you say Farmingham wished to employ the wench.

"Indeed sir, as upstairs maid sir," Dawson said, "He left the arrangements to me sir, I can go to ah."

"Twenty pounds surety sir, refunded when she returns unharmed." The Judge explained, "Lord Farmingham eh," he said, and when Dawson agreed he said "Yes that should suffice."

"Then I have that amount exactly sir." Dawson agreed.

"And how say you Miss Oakes," the Judge enquired, "Lord Farmingham's upstairs maid or prison cell?"

"Anything but that idiot or prison," Camilla said thinking Dawson was Farmingham, and with twenty pounds safely deposited in his purse Judge Wibblethorpe ordered Camilla released into Dawson's custody.

It took a while, Father who was no fool made me remain silent throughout and even when Camilla was released Dawson made her wait an whole hour before our carriage arrived to take her away, the hour it took for us to be whisked home and the carriage to return.

Camilla travelled to Gatesby Hall in considerable agitation, she could not accept her disinheritance and hoped to enlist the mysterious Lord Farmingham's assistance in establishing her innocence.

But suddenly she realised, that the carriage had turned from the highway at the gatehouse to Gatesby Hall, "This is Gatesby Hall," she commented, "What is this, have you tricked me!" and then she saw my father, and me.

"Ahhhhhggghh," she screamed, "You monster!" and she leapt from the carriage and assaulted me vigorously with her dainty fists.

"Girl!" Father shouted, "Stop, Miss Oakes you must realise you are a servant now, you must learn to take orders."

"Just keep that idiot away from me," she insisted.

"John, leave Miss Oakes alone, please." Father insisted and using all his charm he coerced her into the house.

Six of the clock brought high tea, at eight we took dinner and at ten over supper I broached the subject of Camilla.

"Oh she will make an admirable upstairs maid," father averred,

"But Father," I protested.

"No, let her go about her duties and settle in before you broach the subject of her innocence." he insisted, "And get to bed early there is much to be done on the morrow."

He was acting strangely, my father, he came upstairs with me as I went to bed, he stood with me as I entered my bedroom and he came inside with me and, "Nooooo!" I heard a scream.&nbsp; It was Camilla, in my bed, she was lying in my bed,

"There you are my son, one upstairs maid, someone to practice the art of love upon ready for marriage," he suggested.

"Father!" I protested.

"Now I have gone to a deal of trouble for you John, so ravish her, that is an order, do you understand!"

"No please not that!" Camilla protested.

"And if you don't I shall," he averred.

"Camilla," I explained, "I had no idea!"

"Oh no of course not!" she said in complete dis-belief, "You knew nothing of your father tearing away my shift, leaving me with nothing to cover my nakedness," she said and then the door shut behind me and the key clattered in the lock.

"Father," I protested, but he was gone.

"I really am sorry," I protested.

"You lie sir!" she averred, "Oh what is the use," she cried and she held her head in her hands.

"He tore your shift?" I asked, "Then you may borrow my shirt."

"Such generosity," she said with a level of sarcasm that reassured me.

"Oh be quiet," I scolded, "Twas not my idea!" I protested again and I found a freshly laundered shirt which I handed her.

It was late, I needed to sleep, so I undressed, put on my night shirt and climbed abed with her, and she slapped me with the palm of her dainty hand.

I held her by the arms to still her, no more, but her warmth enticed me, her anger and her passion inflamed me and it was such a short step from holding her arms to holding her down with my body and then my knee slipped between her knees and then a second knee and then I spread her legs and even as I held her I sensed the warmth of her beneath me, and with that sense my appendage grew .

"Camilla," I said softly, "Forgive me," and I aimed my appendage at the soft wetness that led to her womb.

"No!" she protested, "If you have any consideration," she protested, and then she moaned as the tip of my manhood entered within her, "Please you are tearing me asunder, what have I done to deserve this!".

"My father has assured me that the pain will pass," I sought to reassure her as an inch more slipped within, "But I love you!"

"Ahhh, please Mr Village idiot you are rending me asunder, it is surely too monstrous to fit there." she said but my appendage was easing forward within her, stretching her sweet soft innermost parts by increments as I advanced, stretching her, moulding her to my own shape, and as she protested so I eased right inside her until my hairs crushed her hairs, and then I started to pleasure myself rocking gently fore and aft as walls of gossamer softness engulfed my most precious part.

"Were you not already ruined?" I asked, "The physician?"

"By his fingers only," she said, "So are you satisfied?" she asked, "Now you have truly defiled me?" she asked but I heard her only as an echo as I drifted my way to paradise among clouds of green marshmallow upon the wings of a pink swan.

"No!" she protested, "Stop you must not," she entreated me, "It is unreasonable," but now I was lost in her, my mouth sought her neck and I kissed and sucked at her, and then her arms were around me, "Just finish that my agony may end." she said, "John please withdraw I say!" she implored, but I was galloping now,

"John for pities sake, I am on fire," she said, "John I cannot stand the," she said, "Oh John!" she wailed and at once I was casting my seed within her, pumping and gushing, and grinding myself into her.

"You monster!" she railed, "You complete idiotic monster, you have defiled me utterly."

"Thank you," I said to her, "For that was paradise." I kissed her forehead and then I slid from her.

"Paradise!" she exclaimed, "For you maybe, for me it is sheer agony, agony I say and I am ruined utterly, utterly I say and that slime why I never wish to experience the same ever again."

"Father says there is no pleasure for the girl until the third time or more," I explained, "That was your first?" I asked.

"And last," she insisted.

"Then sleep sweet Camilla." I insisted, "Good night."

"No, you cannot sleep here!" she insisted, "We are not man and wife."

"Well the bed is warm the floor cold and hard." I said reasonably, "And it is my bed."

"Ohhhh," she protested, and then she decided to choose the warmth.

I woke in the midst of the night, the church clock struck one, a quarter past, half past, one o'clock I knew not but I was aroused, my appendage reared against the warmth of Camilla's slumbering body, inflamed indeed by her physical warmth, to such an extent that I resolved I should not be denied my satisfaction.

"Camilla," I asked, "Are you awake?"

"No!" she protested, "How can I sleep, wracked with the pain you inflicted?"

"I wish to conjoin again," I said.

"And I have no doubt that you shall, for I am to weak to resist," she said, "Just be swift," and so she made herself available to me, her legs spread ready for my insertion, and in the darkness moved around and climbed over her that I might spear her again.

"John," she whispered in the darkness, "Did your father say the third time?" she asked, "That I should derive pleasure the third time."

"Indeed," I said.

"Did you ever consider that as he is a man he might have not a single clue?" she said, in resignation, "Pray finish your fumblings and allow me to sleep." she requested and then she yawned, not the action of one in agony I determined.

"John," she asked sleepily, "Will you marry me if I fall with child?" 

"Or if not!" I added.

"So perform away mister Hunstanton, or is that Lord Farmingham,&nbsp; and let me sleep."

"Both," I said "Now hush my lover," I insisted and the bed springs began to creak with renewed vigour.

I woke with the dawn, to feel a small hand upon my appendage, "Are you rested?" she asked, 

"Indeed," I asked, "Why?"

"Your father came whilst you slept," she said, "He brought break-fast."

"What!" I sat up, there was a huge plate of shell fish, oysters and the like and a magnum of sparkling wine, "Oh for heaven's sake!" I exclaimed, "He believes they have aphrodisiac properties."

"Well I am starving," she insisted and she expertly flipped the meat from an oyster shell and wolfed it down.

"I suppose he will let us out eventually," I agreed.

"A week," she said, "He said we must conjoin fifty times and then we shall know if we are compatible."

"Fear not, I'll get us released." I insisted, "If you prefer the Jail then so be it."

"Well, perhaps," she said, "Perhaps there is a soft bed here, and no manacles or ball and chain."

"Indeed, such can not be denied," I agreed.

"And you are&nbsp; undeniably warm." she said, "Have an oyster."

We ate oysters and drank wine, "Miss Oakes," I said at length when we had finished our repast, "Shall we rest a while?"

"I think perhaps we should conjoin if we have to do so fifty times before we are released," she suggested.

We kissed like lovers and she pulled me to her, guided me within her and cooed and sighed as I pleasured her with great exertion, finally gasping as I filled her with my seed that third time.

"Ah," she said, "It is easier certainly, perhaps your father is not entirely ignorant, I own it was not entirely unpleasant."

"Perhaps we should persist with our endeavours," I suggested.

"Indeed, when you are recovered," she said, "Rest awhile," and she kissed my forehead.

I dozed awhile and then I woke to her dainty hands fondling my manhood, "If you are recovered then perhaps it is time to conjoin once more," she said, "We won't be released until we fulfil your father's quota."

"No," I agreed and reached out to hold her to me.

"Not cuddle conjoin, make ourselves one John," she insisted in a remarkable change of attitude, "And let me feel you inside me, your heart beating next to mine."

"Indeed," I agreed, "Conjoin," I kissed her, "Are you prepared?"

"Yes, yes, indeed, now sir to your duty," she said urgently and as I moved to cover her, so she guided me inside her once more, "There, now that is number four," she said "And I am completely ruined!"

"Completely?" I asked.

"Indeed, your appendage enters with barely discernable discomfort," she said contentedly, "I do own that I could lie with you quite contentedly, tis the days I dread," she said, "Your appendage&nbsp;&nbsp; can I endure but your wit, oh dear."

"Then converse with others and conjoin with me." I suggested.

"I do believe I shall," she said, "So tell me you love me and I shall be content for now."

"I love you," I said.

"I do believe you do." she said, "I will admit to a desire for a husband of higher station, but, John, if you'll have me, then you will have to do."

"I suppose I shall suffice for the present," I agreed, "But what of when you shall be restored."

"Indeed yes, Mr Idiot, dream that dream, I am ruined so I shall take you, as you have taken me," she said, "Wife to a second son is not what I had hoped for," she admitted, "But it will have to suffice."

I bit my tongue.&nbsp; "How are your lashes?" I asked/

"More bearable when we conjoin," she said, "In all honesty I had forgotten until you raised the matter,"

"How?" I asked

"Hush, just love me," she husked, "Show me your passion!" and then she was pulling me down on to her, and I found myself floating once more drifting on a cloud, "Oh yes!" she said "Show me, show me."

I was looking at he gazing lovingly into her eyes, gently kissing her forehead when I heard the door lock click as I thought and then the door creaked and swung open slowly.

Father put his head around the door and beamed widely at me before quietly closing the door behind him.

Camilla heard nothing, she was too far removed in her own pleasure to notice but I knew my father would soon be knocking our door once more.

He gave us an hour and knocked with a flourish, "Ah luncheon is at twelve," he said as he swept into the room, "I have a gown and some underthings," he said depositing a large parcel upon the bed, "I trust they will fit."

"And the fifty?" Camilla asked. "The week?"

"I fear for John's well being if I left you two together any longer," he said with a laugh, "Now dress and face the day!" he said and he swept away again.

"It's new," Camilla said as she unwrapped the parcel, "Oh John, it's very fine, look"

I own I liked her better bare, but she dressed in her gown certainly looked the part of a lady except the gown was very tight laced with no cleavage nor shoulders bare, indeed there was no sign that she had been whipped at all.

"I have Lady Forster's hair dresser coming," Father said as we assembled for luncheon, "Shall you like being John's consort?" Father asked Camilla.

"Ah," she said.

"I own she will tolerate the nights but find the days tedium indeed." I said.

"Then breed children for a pass time!" he suggested, "They are a pleasant enough diversion, but for now," he said, "Plot your revenge."

"What?" Camilla announced.

"It was lies," my father averred, "The witnesses could not have seen what they said they saw, and I have made enquiries about Mr Raiment but for this after-noon, my little love birds, it is to Mr Haynes treatise upon English Law that you should direct your efforts."

"Is that not as dull as ditch water?" Camilla asked.

"Indeed, unless a reprieve and apology have no appeal to you," I agreed.

"Then we shall peruse it directly," Camilla agreed, "Once we have eaten," and she whispered, "And conjoined again."

"If you wish?" I agreed.

"Do you not desire me?" she said affronted.

"Indeed, indeed I do, shall we conjoin now?" I asked.

"Yes!" she agreed, "Yes please!"

"John," my father protested as we rushed away, "Luncheon!"

It was more pleasurable than ever, we didn't manage the sanctuary of the bed chamber, the linen cupboard had to suffice and standing not lying and with her gown held up to bare that which needed to be bare whilst I merely dropped my breeches and seeing by the copious moisture emitting from her that she was ready for love so I drove deep inside her and took her to heaven once more.

Luncheon consumed we retired to our room once more, my father' s maid Rebekah attended, "Beg pardon Ma'am but my Lord sent a maids uniform," she said, "Tis easier to slip on and off Madam, and to wash!"
 
"Oh, yes indeed, how thoughtful!"&nbsp; Camilla replied, "John, how thoughtful!" and she slipped off her gown whereupon I mounted her once more.

"John, I shall be sore," she said, "But I shall bear it!" and so to Mr Haynes did we turn our attention.

She professed herself entirely disinterested in the law until I pointed out that Judge Wibblethwaite had exceeded his powers greatly in her trial.

"Show me!" she demanded. I pointed out the passage, "Shall be judged by twelve in number of his peers," she read.&nbsp; "Is there more?"

"Yes," I agreed, "Look, 'Sufficient notice shall be given of the charge with which the person is accused to allow a defence to be prepared!"

"Indeed," she agreed and she grabbed the book and read avidly for an hour or more, I waited for her to finish, and when she continued to read I stood behind her and caressed her mounds.

"John," she said, "There is a time and a place," and then after a time she added, "I think I understand." 


To be continued.










It takes a great deal of time to plot the downfall of one's enemies, especially as where my father is concerned, every single thing has to be subordinated to wenching.

Sometimes he will manage from luncheon to dinner without exercising his prong but such occasions are exceptional to the rule, even when hunting he will station some serving wench or another in a convenient barn in case his need should arise and I fear now I have found Camilla my own sweet angel the family curse has indeed afflicted me, not that I find it a curse, more a blessing.

So it was that after a full month of Camilla and I living in sin as lord and upstairs maid so my mother appeared post haste from Brighton, where she had domiciled herself safe from fathers unrelenting pronging, post haste I say, well scant haste more likely, she brought a carriage and behind came a cart of gowns and such finery of all sorts as she considered of the fashion.

All was consternation as she swept into Gatesby Hall as if she owned the place, indeed as father's lawful wedded wife, 'Awful wedded,' as he had it, she was indeed Countess and entitled to such consideration, "Edward" she bellowed, and I thought she sought father so I kept discreetly in the background.

"Edward, where is Edward?" she demanded of Camilla who was abroad upstairs.

"I know not," she said truthfully as she knew me as 'John'.

"My Lady!" my mother insisted, "And you're a pretty thing, fresh from my husband's prong I'll wager, I'm right am I not?" she guessed from Camilla's servant's smock, although by now she wore only finely tailored smocks sewn from fine cloth.

"No indeed not Madam."

"Liar!" countered my mother as she was no fool, "You have the look of one recently sated and the gait of one, his seed oozes from you even as we speak does it not?"

"No, I have not," Camilla wailed.

"Then show me!" my mother ordered, "Raise your smock," Camilla remained shocked and immobile, "Oh very well, insolent girl," she said and reached out and pulled up sweet Camilla's smock until all was displayed.

"See, the bruising, the leaking seed, tis the Hunstanton curse," Mother said, "I should know I rode that prong times enough, now you have a rest girl, a glass of milk perhaps, some porridge and have someone else do your menials," Mother said kindly, "For if it were not for kindly maid such as thee, it should be I all bruised about my woman's parts and my legs all sticky with seed."

"But Madam!" Camilla exclaimed.

"No, I am mistress in this house," my mother said again, "Go rest and recover your strength for the trial to come," and when Camilla hesitated she said, "Go girl, I shall reconcile the house-hold to it, go!"

Thus Camilla had her first encounter with her mother in law to be.

Mother had no sense of the scale of the Hall, and little sense of direction, little sense at all my father averred, and in due course found herself in the kitchen where Camilla was drinking a cordial.

"That's the very thing girl," my mother told her, "Edward is not as other men, my mother said I should be abused each Friday, but Edward had abused me three times before our wedding day was out," so she told Camilla, "And it is as potent as it is robust, a seemingly endless supply of seed and when he tires he has a meal large enough for a platoon of militia, a tankard of Lemon barley-water and he is completely renewed."

"So you escaped?" Camilla asked.

"Yes," she said, "I was worn out, six and seven times a day," my mother explained, "I swore celibacy hundred times, but he looks so sad and that rampant prong so beautiful that every time my resolve crumbled like a sand-castle in the tide."

"And John?" she asked.

"One of the many bastard sons I'll wager," my mother said, "In Longsby Beacon there is hardly a child that doesn't but look at you with Edwards eyes." she suggested, "With his teeth and hair," she added and seeing Camilla's confusion she added, "Our old estate, at Longsby Beacon."

"Oh," Camilla said considerably alarmed and for once she stilled her tongue.

I came upon them as I followed father from stables to the kitchen, I had ridden out to warn him directly I saw mother approach and tried to warn him but he would not let me speak until he had explained the latest twist to his plot, "Now Dawson and I have seen Lord Oakes and has it in writing that he has no care whether Camilla lives or dies and hence no objection to her union with Farmingham on account of her being with child."

"He thinks Dawson is Farmingham?" I asked.

"He's fat enough to be a Lord!" my father exclaimed, although father himself was thin enough to use as a broom handle if such was required, "But indeed, poor man or shall I say poor Lady Oakes." he laughed but his humour was cut short by the sight of my mother in the kitchen with Camilla.

"Ah," she said, "You have returned,"

"Phoenicia," he exclaimed, "What a pleasant," he said.

"Enough!" she said, "Now where is your man, my luggage yet awaits in the stable yard yet no butler nor footman nor anyone of any utility is to be found."

"It shall be done," my father suggested, "The red room," he suggested, "Have Dawson arrange matters," he turned to me, "Well, don't just stand there!"

I did as he said, my father rather liked the red room, "Like a whore's palace," he said of the decor, as if he cared which place he used for pronging.

Dawson and I struggled with the mountain of luggage, it being the foot-man's half-day holiday, and one can hardly have a stinking Ostler about the upstairs with someone with such delicacy of the nose as my mother possessed.

"So," my father exclaimed, "Shall we go and see Reverend Soames," he asked, "Come along Camilla, " he urged, "And Phoenicia, Holly and Grace the maids are rested so have them help you sort your veritable drapers shop."

"Rested?" my mother queried, but my father was intent on rushing precipitately into matters so she received no answer.

At the church Reverend Soames was abroad, and Fillinger his curate and we all attended and not only Dawson, our butler, but even Bullinger our Ostler, acting as coachman, was invited inside.

I should have sensed trickery, "Now," said the Reverend, "The Earl asked me to explain the marriage service.

"Father!" I demanded, "What is afoot?"

"Well," he said, "I thought perhaps, next month," he said, "But I own tis tricky," he said, "I cannot prevent them fornicating, Reverend, though I have tried everything I know."

"Then they should be wed with alacrity," the Reverend agreed.

"So, let us rehearse matters,"my father suggested, "So that it might be done with efficiency and a measure of style."

So we were arranged at the alter rail, Camilla and I, and the Reverend, "Who gives this woman," he said and Bullinger stepped forward, and Dawson stood at my side as groomsman, and then he ran us through the words, "Do you take this Man," he asked.

"I do!" said Camilla."

"No!" the Reverend said, "Not until the day, for if I asked Lord Farmingham "Do you take this woman and he said."

"Yes!" I answered.

"Then you should be married," he&nbsp; said, "Oh lord!"

"Here my boy," Father said as he handed me a pocket full of rings, "Find one to fit."

"But!" the Reverend protested, and that was when father took a beautiful golden statue of the Virgin Mary from the bag Dawson was holding, and tempted the Reverend with it like one tempts a dog with a juicy bone, until the said reverend said, "But I suppose it will suffice, I now pronounce you man and wife." 

"Well that was easy," my father said, "And cheap it's only gold plated brass." as we rode home.

Camilla was upset, "It was hardly a dream wedding," she said.

"Hardly a problem," my father said, "Phoenicia will undoubtedly organise something wildly extravagant in some cathedral or something a blessing perhaps, but at the very least you are legally wed."

My mother met us at the doorway, "Edward, what have you been doing?"

"Nothing of consequence," he said.

"Nothing at all, he just tricked us into marrying."&nbsp; Camilla added.

"Oh what a quaint sense of humour, what did you really do?" my mother asked, she looked around us, and then she saw Camilla's wedding ring.

"Oh you monster!" she railed, "Do you mean to say I've missed my only son's wedding!"

My Father started laughing.

"There will have to be a blessing!" my mother insisted, and father laughed even louder, "In the Abbey or a Cathedral!" father was laughing so hard tears ran down his cheeks.

"What does she mean only son?" Camilla asked, "Is she your mother?"

"Indeed," I explained, "Of course."

"Oh!" she said, and went strangely quiet.

"Camilla," my mother asked, "Who precisely are you?"

"Camilla Oakes, Lord Oakes daughter, Madam." she said, "Lord Farmingham's upstairs maid!"

"Now Phoenicia," my father said, "The marriage is not consummated yet, it may yet be annulled of the girl so wishes."

"I's that your wish," I asked as I held out my hand to Camilla, she took it.

"No, indeed not," Camilla said in some alarm, "Let us seal the matter forthwith," and she took my hand, "Quickly!" she urged and we flew up stairs and in the bed room as she threw aside her smock and leapt into my bed, I paused but briefly to dis-robed&nbsp; and as I leapt abed so did Camilla leap upon me, almost impaling herself on my prong as I lay back and there she remained for a long moment, "There!" she insisted, "Tis done, husband."

"Indeed!" I agreed, "Now on your back, let me please you!" and we wriggled around until we were laid comfortably and then came the serious matter of pleasure.&nbsp; She had long since divested herself of the hairs of her lower belly, for ease of cleanliness she averred, so the utter perfection of every fold of her womanliness was made plain and the easement of my appendage within those sweet lips was as poetry in motion so smoothly did it enter within, and any shyness she might have suffered was now cast to the four winds as she made her enjoyment plain with gasps and ohs and purrs like a contented cat.

She lay quietly afterwards, "Oh, my," she said, "I do believe wedded bliss is absolutely indistinguishable from wanton fornication."

"Indeed," I agreed, "Except that we are now required to produce an heir,"

"Well," she agreed, "I cannot see that that will be a particular trial." 

There was a tap at the door, "Are you decent," my mother enquired.

"No but enter anyway." I shouted as I pulled the bed covers over us.

"So you are my new daughter are you?" my mother asked Camilla, and when she agreed mother continued, "Oh dear, I had hoped you were the maid, either that or a page boy." mother said, "It is all very well this cropped hair and."

"Mother!" I complained, "Her hair was hacked when&nbsp; she was falsely imprisoned, it will grow, we did our best."

"Oh?" she said.

"It was in golden ringets like an angel," I said, whereupon we regaled mother with the whole sorry tale.

It was supper time when we finished, we all ate heartily what with having missed dinner but my father was unusually merry, not merry as in pleased with what had passed but merry with anticipation.

Of course he had arranged for my mother to take the bed-room next to his own, the one painted like a whore's palace and when we retired his plan came to fruition, firstly the upstairs maids were allowed a nights holiday, then as he laid abed we all heard my mother shout, "Where are my ivories?"

Father attended directly, "My Ivories?" mother asked, "They accompany me everywhere,"

Camilla and I attended directly, "What is it," Camilla asked.

"My Ivories," my mother insisted, "In a walnut case."

"Ah," I agreed, knowingly, "Ivories,"

"What?" asked Camilla so I whispered, 

"Ivory carvings of prongs in a variety of sizes," I explained.

"No!" she said "Surely not!"

"Yes a set from India!" I insisted.

"Edward!" my mother exclaimed in annoyance.

"Well we have not seen them!" I insisted, "Come Camilla."

They must have continued looking, not that they were to be found as my father had hidden them well, 

"Well they were here!" my mother insisted, "Oh," and that's when she felt my father's hands on her waist, "Oh no, no that will not serve at all." she exclaimed but father was determined.

"Oh, but I allowed the maids the night off&nbsp; have some consideration!" he insisted, and the hooks and eyes on her robe were separating and then the lacings of her corset were undone and "No Edward no!" my mother protested, but it was futile as she well knew, "Oh very well then just once," she admitted.

We heard them Camilla and I, we thought something was wrong with all the moaning but it was mother averring that, "It has surely grown!" she said, "Edward it won't go Edward it Ahhhhhh Edward, ohh Edward." she exclaimed.

"You see you love it!" he exclaimed, "I own I've missed you," he said.

"What with a steady stream of strumpets?" she asked.

"Oh they are as like well water, refreshing enough, but to rod you is like as a draught of fine port wine." he declared.

"And you sir are still all urgency and no finesse, all bang and bash where a sweet 'I love you' would have lubricated that place copiously," we heard her say.

We sneaked away but then there was such a commotion that we hurried back, "Yes yes," my mother was wailing, "For heavens sake release the potion Edward, I am in the sorest of need," she averred, and then directly she averred "Ohhhhh yes that will suffice, indeed it will."

"Edward," we heard her say, "Shall we drain the snake again that you may rest easily?"

"Again?" he stormed, "The poor thing will be hard pressed to recover the entire week," he said "He has perforce to serve the needs of simple wenches not rampant women in the prime of life," he explained, "He requires careful training if he is to serve you as you require my sweet."

"Then Edward," my mother said triumphantly, "Do not start that which you cannot complete."

But her victory was short lived, "Phoenicia, feel he stirs anew, you may yet be sated!"

"Edward, it was said in jest!" my mother said, "Pray fetch a maid for I am utterly sated."

"No I shall not sample cheese when there is venison abroad!" he replied, "On your back wench and oblige me!"

"I shall not!" she averred and then cried, "For pities sake Edward that is the wrong hole, look take me from on top if you must and stop jabbing my behind." and after a creaking and rusting she said, "There, now do what you need to, and I shall, Ahhhhh, bear, ooohhhh, Edward ooohh you monster," she cooed, "That prong shall be the death of me!"

They were drinking from the same cup next morning, they quickly adopted a more decorous more formal way of deporting themselves as we appeared, which would have been more convincing if mother had not still worn her night dress and him his night shirt to breakfast at ten of the clock and gone.

There is something profoundly disturbing about the notion that one's father is still pronging one's mother rampantly even after twenty and more years of wedlock, but I supposed absence made the heart grow fonder and explained father's good humour when he visited mother in Brighton on rare occasions.

"Ah my children," Father said as he recovered his composure, "We have business abroad," he said, "Now find servants suits, man-servants suits for you both if you please, for this very day are we to uncover skulduggery of the basest kind.

As usual father was optimistic three times over for the morning was gone before we had found suits and he had pronged mother once more and all was settled, therefore we took carriage to Lord Oakes residence.

All was consternation, we arrived too late for Luncheon, too early for Dinner and uninvited in any case, which amused father immensely.

Of course father waited until the throng were entirely unprepared before he chose to ignite his powder keg of revelations and even then waited until asked, "But your Grace, why have you come."

"Dowry, my Lord, "My poor daughter in law has to borrow a servant's livery from a man servant to travel abroad sir, it does you no credit sir, no credit at all!"

"Indeed, but what care I about your bastard son?" Lady Oakes said inadvisedly.

"Lord Farmingham, your son?" Lord Oakes said nervously, "That great fat lump surely not," he thought a while, "Gad sir you cannot have been but ten years when he was sired!"

"May I present Lord Farmingham, Edward John Hunstanton, my son and heir." Father said proudly, "And Lady Farmingham," and Camilla and I had to step forward.

"Oh my word," Lady Oakes exclaimed, "She snared an heir Henry, despite everything look!"

"Mama, oh mama," Catherine and Lilla exclaimed as they heard her exclamation.

"Earl Norchester's heir, the damned child is to be a Countess!" Lady Oakes railed.

"But Mama you promised!" Lilla exclaimed.

"So girls, Lady Farminghams trouseau, fetch it or perchance your dresser could serve?" my father suggested.

"Yes, your sister is a Lady, be gad she outranks us all, damn&nbsp; I must bow to my own daughter and you sweet Katerina must curtsey."

"She has been disinherited!" Lady Oakes insisted, "By the courts, I shall not receive her, good day." and that was the finish we were dismissed, Lord Oakes was in a quandary but dared not act counter to his wife so with his apologies resounding emptily around with near the utmost discourtesy we were sent forth unrefreshed, supposedly in humilliation but for once and uncharacteristically father endured the whole dismissal with immense restraint, indeed one might have discerned if not actual amusement then with resignation.

"Well that went well Father," I said as we went away.

"Yes damn it!" my father replied, "But we shall laugh the later and the louder." and he set his jaw in a rare set of determination.

"We shall send a note to the High Sheriff," my father announced, "Request an interview, no indeed demand one, we were at the Windsor school you know." he boasted as it were something special, while I own after my own time there I felt it no better than a prison.

"Indeed Father, and what will you say?" I asked.

"Not I," my father said, "You, you know Mr Haynes treatise upon English Law backwards, you shall engage him with your superior intellect."

He never even sent a note, oh no he dragged me away from Camilla before we had even had a chance to conjoin and to the High Sheriff of Winsfordshire's abode at&nbsp; Goff's Castle near West Haldon.

We arrived mid morning, famished for food and with father badly in need of a chamber maid, "Earl Norchester to see My Lord the High Sheriff," my father announced with impressive pomposity.

"Have you an appointment, my Lord?" the man servant Hodgkins asked unwisely.

"Tis 'Your Grace,' but no matter," My father insisted, "Tell your master I have urgent business with him."

"Your Grace my master has a very full diary," the man servant continued, "He is a very busy man." 

"As am I," lied father, "So fetch him, I have not a whole day to waste."

The poor man scurried away to return with a disgrunted gentleman.

"Hawkins, you said there was a Gentleman to see me," he complained, "Tis no such thing 'tis a rogue of the basest kind!" he laughed, "Edward, what brings you hence."

"My daughter in law Charles, a sorry tale, can you spare a moment?" father asked.

"Spare a week if needed, what is it pray?" the High Sheriff agreed, "So does this mean by some miracle your offspring has snared a wench?"

"Indeed he has, and an angel, Charles," father averred, "A veritable angel."

"This is Edward, the dullest dullard the Windsor school has ever seen?" he asked, "Your words Edward your words."

"Yes," my father said, "This is he."

"The one that took the Treatise upon English Law to read in bed after lights out?" he asked.

"The same!" my father averred, "Yes he did set the bedclothes afire with his candle that way."

"The one who read law in preference to kicking the pigs bladder around the quod?" the High Sheriff joked.

"Indeed." I spoke up, "Is there a pertinence to this line of questioning?"

"It is called a joke, see page thirty six," said my father as if I was a dullard, "No John, as we call him, has severe misgivimgs over Mr Justice Wiblethwaite's conduct of a case of indecency against his beloved."

"Then come through," the High Sheriff insisted, "I have heard much of this gentleman's eccentricity from diverse informants."

We sat and I laid out my complaints.

"So you aver that the law says 'Of noble birth' and not as Wibblethwaite took it "Of noble rank?" the High Sheriff asked.

"Indeed." I insisted.

"You are indeed a pedant of the most pedantic kind," The High Sheriff declared, "But there is no denying the matter, that is what the Law says." 

"Let us take Luncheon, oh and Hodgkins," he said, "Summon Wibblethwaite forthwith, no pleasantries, to attend forthwith."

My father had not even explained the falsehood of the evidence and we had Wibblethwaite summoned. 

He attended at four of the clock, my father was looking longingly at aged hags in the street at this juncture, and I myself would have gladly consorted with a comely housemaid but there was legal business to be conducted.

"I demand satisfaction!" Wibblethwaite insisted when on his arrival he had been summoned before the High Sheriff and I had repeated my charges.

"Satisfaction, he would blow your brains away before you knew which way to turn," the High Sheriff averred, "No admit it you buffoon you conducted a sloppy trial, condemned the wrong party and now you have either to put the matter right or your successor shall."

"Ha, you have not the power!" Wibblethwaite insisted.

"I think your charter part seventeen covers that my lord," I volunteered.

"Indeed," the High Sheriff agreed, "Shall you summon the parties again or shall I appoint a fresh Judge."

"What," Wibblethwaite demanded, "New Judge, Pah!" he almost choked, "And where would you find such?"

I felt all eyes looking at me, "Oh wait a moment!" I exclaimed, "I am set on a life of idleness."

"Reading law books," my father averred, "I'll wager, 'tis your duty my son."

"Then I shall re call the parties." the Judge answered in bad grace, "But&nbsp; Raiment will be near half way to the Antipodes by this juncture!"

"No matter," my father interjected, "Set the date and if he is late hold him in contempt and send him back again."

We stared at father, unsure if he had a moment of brilliance or if his brain had addled with the pressure of his unexpended seed.

Such remained undiscovered, as the high Sheriff's man brought word of a visitor, "A lady sir and her maid, they bring medication for his grace."

Father looked perplexed, "You came without your medication father," I explained as I guessed what was afoot, "Twice before breakfast, once at,"

"Medication!" father agreed, "Yes indeed, may I borrow a room?" but he was to be disappointed.

Mother indeed awaited him with Holly but if he thought to exercise his prong with a long gallop through her privateness then he was to be disappointed for, as he bemoaned later mother merely arranged for Holly to relieve the matter as a milkmaid milks a cow, as much to poor Holly's disappointment and indeed my father at first refused absolutely until mother offered him her own teat upon which to suck, but in any case the matter was dealt with in commendable promptness, and my fathers fears that thereby he should be rendered blind have thus far proved to lack veracity.

It was a relieved if bad humoured Earl that rejoined us and the matter was set for the Thursday of the week to follow.

"You really ought to sit an examination on the Law and become my deputy," the High Sheriff suggested, "I rather prefer the ceremonial to the tedium and you it seems thrive on tedia so a fruitful partnership ours could be."he added.

"And who should perform such an examination?" I asked.

"Why I should of course!" he said with a laugh and then we were gone.

We were home for Dinner and ate in good humour, until Mother mentioned that whilst she attended us at the the castle so she had left Clarissa in Gatesby with a maid to arrange for some more suitable clothing to be made.

"All trussed up like a Turkey," my father averred, "You will need a sharp dagger John, cut the lacings and bare the wench." Mother blushed red, "You remember mother?" my father asked fondly.

"Oh indeed, other men wooed me with sweet phrases and talk of love," Mother recalled, "This great ox simply took his dagger into father's maze and when we were lost he kissed me and when I was lost in passion simply ran it down my back scattering lacings and tearing cloth and he bared me and took my virtue saying 'Now you must wed me!"

"Shouldn't have been so damned pretty," he said by way of an excuse.

Gatesby came alive on the Thursday, Lord and Lady Oakes attended, and Catherine and Lilla and the High Sheriff, and everyone of consequence.

Poor Judge Wibblethwaite, he knew not the procedure, having been so lax and omnipotent for so long, but he muddled through in his muddlesome manner, prompted at every twist and turn by the High Sheriff.

"Ah," the Judge announced with unaccustomed humility, "A slight administrative matter has arisen, and I am indebted to Lord Farmingham for drawing it to my attention, but it seems the sentence upon Camilla Oakes, now Lady Farmingham, was not in accordance with letter of the regulation, so today we must hear the matter again"

He paused, "Who acts for the defence," he asked.

"I do!" I said forcefully.

"And the crown?" he asked.

"I do!" I saw Lord Oakes friend Mr Brabbinger rise, "Brabbinger sir, Brabbinger and Brabbinger commissioners for oaths."

"Then what say you Lady Farmingham, guilty or not guilty."

"Not guilty!" Camilla said stridently.

"Then proceed!" the Judge insisted.

The matter proceeded, "Miss Lilla Oakes, did you see the defendant in flagrante?" Mr Brabbinger asked.

"Ah, no, for the door prevented it but Mama said." Lilla admitted.

Then I questioned her, "Do you know the penalty for perjury, that is being untruthful upon oath is eternal damnation, and can also involve an earthly deportation to the Antipodes."

"No," she said, "No mother said none should know."

"Silence you fool!" Lady Oakes exclaimed.

"Mother told us what to say, and she paid Raiment ten shillings." Lilla continued compounding her guilt.

The matter proceeded, until in finality the Judge summed up, "In the matter of Miss Oakes, Lady Farmingham, there is no case to answer, you are dismissed, you leave with no stain upon your character, and some would say you have done rather well for yourself, ensnaring the son of an Earl thereby," he paused, "Which leads on to the matter of perjury, I am right in assuming that Lady Oakes does not wish to deny further her instigation of this sorry matter?"

"Ah no my lord!" Brabbinger agreed.

"But I do!" Lady Oakes insisted.

"Sit down you bloody fool before they have thee transported!" Lord Oakes said, "No hang it get transported, in a hold with a hundred lusty ne'er do wells."

"Then in a spirit of justice I order a period of incarceration in Gatesby Jail of one year," the Judge ordered, "With the option of a year serving my Lord Farmingham or indeed Earl Norchester in a menial capacity for a similar period." he said, "For the daughters, and for the mother Lady Oakes, I am afraid there is, in addition, the matter of one hundred lashes."

My father leapt to his feet with almost indecent haste, "If it pleases your lordship, In shall gladly welcome the ladies into my house and administer the chastisement."

"No, 'was done publicly to Lady Farmingham so it is fitting that it be done similarly," the Judge declaimed, "But I am a reasonable man, so if she shall suffer distress the residue shall be administered in privacy," and then he had a thought, "But for each stroke missed that number shall be administered weekly."

"No!" Lady Oakes cried, 

"Silence!" the Judge railed, "You have brought your name and indeed mine into disrepute, I should have you deported but that you might revel in the depravity," he warned, "Now the warmth of your daughter's household or the cool of the jail cell, 'tis your choice." 

"Ah!" Lady Oakes railed, "My daughter," she meant to say Camilla was no such person but the Judge took it as her decision and said.

"Then it is settled, Saturday before the Hanging." the Judge said, I hadn't the heart to say it but the poachers had not even been tried yet and he had already arranged a time for their hanging.

The usher went for the Oakes', both the Lady and the daughters, and then Lord Oakes sought Camilla, "My sweet will you ever forgive me?" he asked.

"No!" she said, "You believed that scheming harridan over me, it is unforgivable, but a kindness you may do."

"Anything!" he said.

"My Governess, Miss Daley," Cammilla insisted, "You should engage her as housekeeper," she added, "She toils as seamstress now and resides in poverty."

"And if I do?" he asked.

"Then we shall visit and receive you." Camilla agreed.

"But people will think we are living in sin!" Lord Oakes exclaimed.

"Indeed," my father agreed, "I should if it were I." on which note we whisked him away.

The poachers were indeed sentenced to hang, as poachers invariably are, and so after a brief period of incarceration in a sumptuously appointed cell at the castle, paid for, I later learned by my father, there came the hanging day and&nbsp; Lady Oakes was duly brought to the market square for her chastisement.

The stage for the gallows was again set up but the now the gallows themselves were there towering over the proceedings, the two nooses symbolic of the power of law. and as I sat with father and mother and my dear Camilla in the seats set aside for those of the first rank so was Lady Oakes removed from the prison cart, a cart with a cage in which prisoners were transported and was manhandled to the stage where Mister Gibbons the gargantuan weather beaten hangman Wibblethwaite always employed was waiting menacingly, a sly grin on his grizzled face as if he relished his task.

Gibbons grasped Lady Oakes with his muscled arms and he just ripped away her gown and and her under things before he cut the cords of her corset and let her ample belly expand the instant it were freed from constriction and wasting no time on fripperies he bared her brutally and entirely,so brutally that Camilla realised that he had shown her some regard in his treatment of her as he freed Lady Oakes breasts and twisted her teats brutally so they stiffened instantly.

The throng gasped at his boldness or her humilliation and in an instant was she bared entirely and shown as being as plump and unwholesome as any serving wench that might seek employ as sweeper out of ale house or brothel, and then clasping his great whip in his huge hand he brought it down across her back in a diagonal line from shoulder to buttock with such force that she fell to the floor instantly, "You make a fool of my master at your peril!" he quipped.

Gibbons waited for Lady Oakes to stand and when she did not he ordered his underlings that&nbsp; disreputable pair&nbsp; Firkin and Hallows, forward and they each took hold&nbsp; of one of Camilla's arms and dragged her up again. and Gibbons again arced the mighty whip that evil device somewhere between the cat o' nine tails and horse whip, down upon Lady Oakes' pasty bloated flesh.

"Some haste please Mr Gibbons," I heard Judge Wibblethwaite order, and as I looked across I saw him there, presiding at the edge of the stage, "Get on with it, man!" he insisted impatiently but his underlings were now turning Lady Oakes that all might see the dark fur cover of her private parts and view her loins and mounds and buttocks, as naked and pink and quivering with fear she shook now in utter humilliation.

So weakened by idleness was she that she collapsed at every stroke of the whip, Gibbons slackened his assault noticeably in deference to her frailty until Judge Wibblethwaite ordered, "Go to it man, blood man, draw blood I say." and then, "No discount that one that was but a tap," he insisted, "Thirty nine!"

For me, I own time near stood still as I remembered the way the wicked leathered straps of the whip had savaged poor Camilla but her flesh yielded instantly and swiftly regained its former shape with the faintest blued tinge of bruising so Lady Oakes either showed a livid red groove which remained or else cut deeply with much letting of blood.

"Gibbons, sixty will suffice," The Judge shouted at length as a desire to have the poachers hung in good time for luncheon rather than compassion swayed his judgement, "Forty nine!" he added.
Gibbons now glistened with sweat and besplattered with blood as were his assistants he rose to complete his task.

"For pities sake!" Lord Oakes cried but his cry was now lost among his wife's own screams and the hubbub of cheers and jeers from the throng who thus expressed their joy.

"For pities sake," he cried, but the entreaty was drowned among a host of chants, "Fifty!" someone chanted, I joined immediately as did Camilla and the hubbub grew, "Fifty One, Fifty Two, Fifty Three," They chanted and in a crescendo, "Fifty Eight, Fifty Nine, Sixty." 

Gibbons took his whip and bowed to the throng, and then his assistants Firkin and Hallows held Lady Oakes and they bowed and holding her in her nakedness they made her curtsy to the throng in turn and then, was Lady Oakes laid aside and attention turned to the poor wretches ready to be hung.

"Mama, Mama!" the silly daughters simpered over the naked prone form of their mother until my father sent Dawson to fetch them and he tenderly carried Lady Oakes from the Gallows stage and placed her in fathers open carriage where still naked but now accompanied by her daughters she was taken to Gatesby Hall, but round the circuitous route through Barrowby where the monthly market would have been in full swing, to increase Lady Oakes discomfiture to the 
utmost. 

By this stratagem were we able to watch Lady Oakes depart and indeed receive her at Gatesby Hall, in preparation for the next stage of her humilliation.

But what of Lord Oakes he was shaken to his core by events, and with his wife revealed to all as a liar and displayed to all in nakedness as she was whipped publicly and his step daughters also swept away to servitude he suffered the most sudden and grievous solitude and as my father suggested sought solace with Miss Daley my dear wife's former governess, such solace as produces babies, a son no less, in due course but while this is rushing ahead to an excessive degree in this chronology it will answer why Lord Oakes was essentially absent from his wife and step daughters tribulations.

And indeed what of Lady Oakes, it was frightening in the extreme to see the hatred of the woman and her daughters that sweet Camilla displayed, indeed she shouted "You there, don't assist the hag kick her and whip her to speed her on her way!" as Dawson supported her as he brought her through the back door to the Hall.

"Oh Camilla what a wonderful house you have here!" the stupid step sisters tittered.

"So husband which is the prettier?" Camilla asked.

"Why you dearest!" I agreed.

"Of those two Mr Idiot!" she said.

"Oh neither, or both what care I?" I replied.

"So you care not which you prong the first?" she asked.

"But my sweetness!" I exclaimed.

"They put me through the agony of your insertions and such shall they endure!" she said, "And when they have endured and become enamoured of your attentions then they shall be denied them."

"But my love I desire none but your sweet softness," I told her.

"But you will my love, for me?" she asked, "And brutally with no consideration what ever." she insisted.


To be continued.













"Choose!" my beloved Camilla cried as her younger step-sisters stood before us with their Mama Katerina widow of Mr Parsonage and until deserted lately by Camilla's father the Lady Oakes.

"No, I say," the older woman cried vainly for she had&nbsp; no place but that which duty compelled Camilla to offer her.

"But Camilla my dearest, I wish none but you!" I pleaded as Camilla suggested I should ravish her step sisters Catherine and Lilla.

"No, ravish them I say, brutally, with no consideration," my beloved ranted, "Ruin them as they would have seen me ruined, and then cast them out in the street to earn a crust as whores." 

Poor Lilla and Catherine looked on aghast as their prospects tumbled, from being deathly rivals for the affections of Mr Gerald Handley, the protege of our prime minister no less, to being cast out into the gutter or brothel for the pleasure of all who had a few farthings to spare.

"No, I shall not!" I insisted, "Ravishing shall be the limit, after that they shall reside here, with us as servants and not be cast into the street."

She grinned a sly grin, she had tricked me again, I saw it in her beautiful countenance, "And husband which shall you ravish first?"

"You!" I insisted.

Their mother, Camilla's step-mother also attended upon us, all bloodied but unbowed from her beating, "I shall not allow it." she said and Camilla hit the old woman so hard with her dainty fist that she near broke her elegant fingers upon the aged hag's nose, splitting the nose bone I'll wager such was the outrush of blood, it was an unseemly act for one so beautiful and led me to question why Camilla had not fought me with more vigour when first I sought to ravish her.

"Later, let us find an attic for my sisters and a pen for the old sow." Camilla added brightly.

"No, we must treat her with dignity, she shall share with the footman." I suggested.

"Yes!" Camilla agreed, "That she may serve the lower orders!" but as she led down the corridor my hands were upon her breasts and my mouth upon her neck and she said, "Very well we shall conjoin first if you insist!" and she ordered Catherine and Lilla to "Wait upon us." and we rushed to our bed chamber to form the beast with two backs that we had come to enjoy to excess.

"Camilla?" I asked, "Why did you not strike me when first I ravished you as you did Lady Oakes?"

"Because you loved me of course, and," she said coyly, "I wanted to know what, ah, what it was like, being ravished I mean."

"And did it meet your approval?" I enquired.

"After the third time, it was not objectionable, after the fourth time pleasurable and now." she kissed me, "Shut up and please me husband."

We conjoined with alacrity, my manhood now knew instinctively the place into which to insert himself to drive Camilla wild with enjoyment and she in turn had perfected the means by which with her honed muscles she might drive me to ecstasy and beyond, to such perfection that utter perfection seemed nought but ordinariness. 

"So which will it be husband, mother, Catherine or Lilla." Camilla asked when we were done.

"Mother," I said, "For her innards are well worn already."

"You have too much consideration John," Camilla insisted, and then she cried "Mother!" and went in search of the old hag.

She was in the kitchen weeping, "Look if you won't earn your keep fornicating you must chop the firewood and fetch water from Catesby Beck," Camilla insisted, "Now my John has kindly offered himself as a fornicant so pray deport yourself to the stable and oblige him."

"But Camilla!" the old woman cried, but Camilla was determined and at once as soon as the woman was within the stable Camilla at once tore the older woman's clothes off her so she shivered nakedly.

"Husband, ravish her!" she insisted.

Ravish her, I could no more ravish her than walk to the moon, she stood there the flabbish spread of her belly and the coarse hair thereon nearly turned my stomach. "I cannot," I apologised, "I have no desire for her."

"But the sisters?" she queried, "I dare say you will have no failings there."

"I cannot," I protested, "I desire only you."

"Now I do believe that you can," sweet Camilla declared, "Now which shall it be?"

"Neither," I insisted.

"Then you shall go unsatisfied for I shall not accommodate you." Camilla insisted.

"Indeed?" I queried, "Who is master in this house?"

"Why you are but I am mistress!" Camilla pointed out,"And you did agree when I suggested you ravage Catherine and Lilla."

The old woman listened intently, and had she stilled her tongue I should most likely have spared the sisters what transpired bit she exclaimed, "No I forbid it!"

"Hold your tongue!" I cried, "You are the basest wretch now, I have the authority in my house, Camilla, fetch the sisters forthwith and I shall ravage them here while the mother looks on, here in the stable.

"Oh John, you are so masterful!" she declared.

"Be quick or tis you that shall be ravished," I warned her.

Indecision flicked across her visage, but she steeled herself and was away bounding like a small deer as she leapt through the doors in a blur of flying raiment.

"You beast!" the mother snorted.

"Silence hag," I chided "For your daughters might have snared an Earl or a parliamentarian but for your wickedness.

She looked at me with hate, even yet unable to grasp that she and she alone was the source of her families downfall, and then Catherine and Lilla appeared, "Serve my Lord or be gone with nothing," Camilla said heartlessly, "Tis a moments agony for you but a life sentence for me, why I could be Mrs Gerald Handley but for your mother's interference."

"Life sentence?" I enquired.

"Indeed John for you are intolerably dull," she laughed wickedly, "I must be the only wife that seeks out the gardener for conversation and the husband for fornication rather than the reverse!"

"Ha ha ha," the stupid sisters tittered, as enraged I grabbed the nearer and baring her buttocks with a single rending grasp of the hem of her smock I bent her over the feed trough of the stable rump uppermost and with flying fingers tearing to expose my prong I took her.

Took her with no consideration, no kindness, no love, no tenderness my stout pink staff pressed firmly against her yielding flesh and then easing between the sweet pink lips that led to her womb, where with an agonised cry and a wide eyed helpless entreaty of the mother I took her virtue.

A second thrust and a third and she was claimed entirely.

"Enough John," Camilla ordered, "Try the other," Camilla ordered and she bent the sister similarly over the water trough.

The moment's distraction was enough and I slipped from Lilla as she wriggled free and so was her sisters fate decided, as deprived of his wombish abode my prong desired a new warmth and wetness and Catherines upthrust rump was more than he could resist and so with glistening blood streaked prong rampant I advanced upon Catherine and knelt in the mud surrounding the trough and applied my prong to her womb lips.

My manhood entered smoothly, smoothly as if he were welcomed, such cries as she made were stifled and that first entry took him entirely within her until my balls slapped her flesh and I was sheathed entirely.

"Out, out I say!" Camilla ordered.

"What?" I queried.

"I mean you to discredit them not to pleasure them!" she snapped, "Out!"

Catherine now wriggled free and In was left helplessly enraged yet unsatisfied, "You, you old hag on your knees," Camilla ordered her step mother, "And you husband, sate her with your cream."

I could not do such a thing but the old woman knelt as ordered and showed her well worn orifice with its pronounced sagging lips and my prong showed no sign of wilting so upon her I advanced and seeing she glistened with moistness I drove into her mercilessly.

Slam, slam, slam I pounded her until she should have cried with agony but instead she cried with the altogether sweeter sounds of ecstasy until her arms gave ad we fell in a heap where it was but an instant to roll her on her back and prong her as she lay upon the straw,her great bosoms heaving as she writhed and clutched me to her until as my seed boiled forth impetuously she cried out in absolute delight and then collapsed fainting.

I withdrew, "I said no consideration," Camilla ordered, "Not pleasure her to the utmost."

"It was your idea," I reminded her, "I should sooner have ravished you." 

"No you must treat me with consideration," she said, "As I am with child."

I looked at Lilla and Catherine, they sat quietly together dis robed and holding hands for comfort gazing at their mother in bewilderment.

"Mother," Catherine asked quietly, "Are you ill."

"No she is sated for the present," Camilla avowed, "Find blankets that she may rest and regain her strength without fear of freezing in the night air and then," Camilla smirked, "I do believe my John might be renewed sufficient to take you for a gallop."

"No, can mama not serve him again?" Lilla asked anxiously, "For I own the pain is extreme."

"Intolerable, I should sooner be whipped," Catherine added.

"Oh no, no John shall take his pleasure and then when sated I shall conjoin with him myself quietly and tenderly," Camilla declared, "Shall you not husband?"

"But Camilla my darling, must I?" I asked.

"Yes sir, it is your duty," Camilla insisted.

"Then I shall perform it but one small consideration please," I requested, "Can we not get a servant to pleasure the old crone?"

"Or a tramp," Camilla observed, "Perhaps the pig man, yes, we shall arrange it on the morrow, but come let the silly girls deal with the crone and let us dine."

We dined and conversed, to be honest Camilla conversed and I listened remembering to say "Yes," at appropriate intervals and we dined well, at least I did as I rebuilt my strength.

"John," she said, "I think we should retire, for you have a hard nights toil before you."

"As you wish, but the baby?" I asked.

"Not me you fool, the sisters!" she explained, "They are ruined but only bodily, now you must turn their minds so they desire only you as I do, for do you see after you ruined me there was one time when I was confused and the on the third all was revealed as ecstasy as the pain subsided, I want them to need you, crave you, desire you, fight for you even," she said, "Until they are utterly ruined." 

"Oh!" I replied, "And do I have no say in this matter?" 

"No!" she said, "Now to bed sir." 

I drank the last dregs of my cordial and Camilla led me away to our bed chamber where I disrobed and washed as was my habit and then lay abed waiting.

"John," Camilla's strident voice ordered, "Where are you?"

"Abed," I replied.

"Then come at once," she insisted, "And bring your whip."

The sisters were in their small attic room, dressed in servant's attire and determined that they should be spared my attentions.

"You have ruined us, that should be an end to it," Catherine cried.

"No, you are servant's and shall serve," I insisted.

"So which one shall serve you first beloved." Camilla asked.

"You my darling," I replied.

"No, the sisters," she directed, "You fool!"

"Camilla," I said firmly, "You promised to honour and obey, so disrobe I say."

"No!" she refused, but I grasped her long nightgown firmly and pulled and with great rending sounds it tore away from her as the seams down the back parted, and then I had her by her hair.

"No John our baby!" she cried.

"I shall not harm him," I exclaimed, "On your knees woman you shall suck the seed from me!"

"I shall not!" she railed, "Most certainly not, I shall instead bite it off at the root."

"Indeed?" I queried as I held her by the hair and guided her down to where he strained rampantly.

"No!" she wailed, "Please!"

"Open wide," I ordered, she refused me, I slapped her cheek, "Open I say!"

"No!" she refused, "What has become of you!" she cried and then Miss Lilla stepped forward.

"Stop sir, I shall submit," she said.

"By mouth?" I enquired.

"As you wish sir," she said, "For I have abandoned any hope that you might be swayed by reason and might spare me."

"Then you are saved Camilla," I averred, "Lilla and I shall conjoin."

"But!" Camilla gasped uncomprehending.

I turned on Camilla, "You have shown an ugly side to your nature my darling while Lilla has shown she has at least a chance of redemption, so disrobe Lilla, let us take our pleasure together."

Lilla slipped off her smock and under-things and slid into my bed like an eel.

"Without consideration, John," Camilla said despairingly but I joined Lilla beneath the blankets and kissed her cheek tenderly.

"Shall it be without consideration or shall it be tenderly as if I were the honourable Gerald Handley?" I asked.

"Ravish me and be done," she said, "I cannot see the unborn child wounded."

"Then tell me when you are moistened enough and I shall drive my staff deep into your womb and perchance make a child therein," I challenged.

"Your wife said without consideration," Lilla said, "Dare you disobey her?"

"Ah, No," I agreed, "On your back wench, legs astride, I own I am ready to gallop."

She was as dry as a drought starved stone, I could no more plough her than fly to the moon, so I attended to her teats, suckling and caressing, and kissing and her mouth and even eyelids in turn did I kiss until the hardening of her teats signalled the softening and moistening of her womb and its lips.

I whispered, "It is time, and rolled atop her, her hands flew to my manhood and guided it between unseen soft pink lips where he slipped effortlessly where before he had forced himself into unwilling flesh.

"Oh my lord," she cried ," You have possessed me utterly," and I saw Camilla starting to weep as she looked on.

"Without consideration I said, not make love to her!" Camilla said despairingly but I was enraptured by Lilla as she took me as a lover for the first time.

"It hurts," Lilla said despairingly, "It pains me."

"Then I must ride you without consideration as my dear insists," I explained and with that I drew myself back until the least part of my appendage was engaged within her, the tip barely enfolded within the folds of her sweet pink lower lips and I thrust mightily, but if In expected ecstasy I was sorely mistaken as my manhood slipped and slipping down he impaled himself in the bedding.

I cried in agony.

"Twas not deliberate," Lilla cried, "Are you wounded my Lord?"

"No, just my dignity," I assured her, "Perhaps you could guide me?"

In felt her fingers guide my appendage within her once and once again though with more decorum than before I thrust mightily such that I drew gasps from her though of pleasure or pain I neither discerned nor cared, but her arms enfolding me, her hands grasping my rump pulling me into her and her nails rasping down my back indicated plainly that she no longer found my attentions entirely unwelcome and the quite suddenly I had my release and stilled from my pistoning.

"That was delightful," I assured her, "Join us Camilla, there is more than sufficient room for three and you Catherine," I directed, "You shall sleep upon the hearth rug."

"I shall indeed, safe from your depredations my Lord," she averred as I shuffled down the bed wiped myself upon my discarded night shirt and lay down to enjoy the delicious warmth of&nbsp; my beloved wife and her step sister.

The night was cold and the fire was not lit, poor Catherine shivered as she lay nakedly before the hearth, and in the gloom I saw her sneak across to take a gown to cover herself.

"No!" I whispered, "Come to me if you need warmth."

"Never!" she snapped, but as the clock struck three her frozen shivering for was sneaking into the bed beside her sister.

"Ah ha!" I exclaimed, "Have you seen the error of your ways."

"No!" Catherine replied "Never!"

"Oh don't be such a goose!" Lilla yawned, "Submit and then perhaps we can all rest."

"No," I commanded, "Let her join us, there is no utility in the girl freezing, let her join us, come beside me."

She had little choice, she was frozen like an icicle, and as Lilla slid aside so Catherine slid down beside me and I embraced her to warm her, you understand.

It was near ten minutes later when I discerned she was warm enough that I rolled upon her&nbsp; easing her thighs apart even as her sister and my beloved wife held her and I entered within her with my beloved's hand guiding me as I thrust within her.

I should write of a delicious tightness but I own it was on the verge of unpleasantness, she was barely aroused and I for myself was half asleep, and she was cold, "Shall we desist and continue later?" I asked.

"No," she said simply, "I shall bear it."

"You should relish it not bear it!" Camilla whispered.

"The pain eases," Lilla added, and long before I should my seed of that of it as there was gushed or more likely oozed forth.

"Oh, is my torment complete?" Catherine asked as I withdrew, "I thought?"

"You wished it completed swiftly," Lilla declaimed, "And tis done so sleep sister, sleep."

I woke alone, Camilla and Lilla were gone and Catherine now dressed in her smock regaled me from the far side of the room.

"Sleep well?" I asked through bleary eyes.

"No," she said, "I did not,"

"Why?" I asked.

"Because you still breathe and your heart beats," she said and before I could save myself she sprang at me and I saw the flash of a knife blade scant instants before it would have sliced deep into my flesh had I not twisted, but as it was it plunged deep into the bedding.

"Ah, your passions are roused," I noted, "Your fires need quenching!" and I grasped her firmly though my lowers were still entrapped with bed clothes and baring her rump I administered six firm slaps, "It's the stable for you girl, let the whole throng prong you," I threatened, though her rosy cheeks and reddened rump were rousing me to full rampant hardness.

"No," she protested, "You cannot!" I released her, she flew from the bed and I pursued her, and grasping her around the waist I brought her to the bed end whereon I made her bend and in an instant I was sheathed within her.

This time with her teats for purchase there was no half measure, "I hate you," she said as I bit her neck, "I shall kill you!" she said as her juices flowed uncontrollably, "I want to be a faithful wife not a whore!"

"Then you will be disappointed," I sympathised, "Shall we lay on the bed?"

"You lay there if you wish, I shall seek a fresh knife." she said.

"Then I shall have you bound and helpless," I threatened and with that vision my seed exploded forth.

"You shall be the death of me," I averred as I withdrew, and she smiled for she had a plan.

"Fear not my Lord, I shall not use a knife upon you, no we shall drain your strength until your heart expires," she smiled.

"Then I shall have to find you a husband while my strength remains." I agreed and I took her hand and guided her into the bed where after throwing the knife carelessly aside and downing a glass of cordial I laid her on the bed and entered her once more.

She seemed more resigned to her fate now, and I admired her spirit, if indeed she intended to prong me to death indeed well so be it, I should enjoy the experience I avowed, and so should she!

I feigned tiredness and had her kneel above me and sink herself down onto my appendage and then please herself by moving herself up and down along my rampant shaft and thereupon Camilla returned with break-fast.

"Oh!" she exclaimed, "Oh indeed, why did you not suggest such with me husband?" she asked angrily.

"It was Catherine's idea," I protested.

"You would rather prong her than me, is that what you are saying?" she snapped and setting down the breakfast tray she flew from the room to return with a horse whip with which she set about flaying Catherine's back and buttocks even as she was impaled upon me.

"I cannot bear it," Catherine declared, and she gasped and sobbed and howled in her release and as I too released my seed within her so she collapsed to the bed beside me.

"Desist Wife!" I scolded, "Can you not see your whipping was welcomed, that you have driven your sister beyond the point of ecstasy until she fancies she is in love with me?"

"And do you love her equally?" Camilla asked uncertainly.

"I have become rather fond of her yes." I agreed.

"Then you are undoubtedly your father's son," Camilla replied, "I thought you were different, that ravishing my step sisters would be a trial but no you relish it," and with that Camilla rushed from the room, I rose to follow her but Catherine held me back.

"I believe I saw heaven open before me," she declared and she flashed such a pretty smile and said, "Shall you transport me there once more?" 

I thought I should comfort Camilla but Catherine's needs were pressing and as I hardened once more it was I that was pressing within her sweet innards as soon as I may.

I lay back to rest afterwards, and presently Lilla came, dressed simply in a servants smock which she cast aside to stand nakedly before me, "I have come for my chastisement."

I wanted to rest, "There is no need," I assured her.

"Indeed there is sir, you sir have fanned the fires within me sir, now is your time to quench them!" she insisted as she sat on the bed beside me and casting back the bed covers she gently grasped my member.

He sprang up with alacrity and at once she had lain herself on the bed legs astride to afford me the greatest ease of entry, and at once was I lost to her charms as I rolled atop her and speared her smooth warm wet channel with my rampant prong.

Heaven was there as ever and I consorted with angels and arch angels upon the clouds above our domain floating yet pounding in a fog of ecstasy until my seed burst forth and then darkness.

"My Lord," someone was plaintively pleading, "You are squashing me, wake up."

"John!" "What on earth?" Camilla cried, "Oh you fool you have exhausted yourself, here let me assist, Catherine!" she shouted, "Catherine come quickly!"

They helped me to roll over thus freeing poor Lilla and I flopped exhausted upon the pillow and returned to welcome darkness.

I woke to a veritable throng within my bed chamber, "John," said a kindly soft voice.

"Mother?" I asked.

"Yes dear," she replied, "You cannot continue, you do know don't you?"

"Mother?" I asked.

"John, it is to excess," Mother said, "You have a lusty wife, two eager mistresses and their mother and lord knows how many serving wenches to serve yet only one prong," she insisted, "Even your father would be hard pressed to serve such a lusty crew."

"Mother?" I agreed.

"You need a routine my boy, regular meals, breakfast a morning run, a cold dip in the horse trough, a maid to warm you, a nap until Luncheon, do you see?"

"But what of the Law?" I asked, "My studies?"

"You must choose John, your father chose pronging and pronged to such excess that near the entire estate had his eyes and nose," Mother reminded me, "Indeed to such excess that we had to flee the county and set up our estates here."

"But Countess," the sisters Lilla and Catherine said as one, for my mother was entitled to that rank as Earl Norchester's wife, "Are we to be cast aside anew."

"Rationed girls, rationed," Mother said, "But fear not, my Husband has an eye for you, you will not go short of attention."

"Mother!" I protested.

"No, you sleep John, and dream a way out of this mess!" Mother suggested and ordered "Out everyone out I say!"

Only the did I spot the physician who had attended me, "My Lord, pray abstain but for the Saturday eve, that way you shall be resorted completely."

"And die of boredom," Father announced, "But lad pace yourself, tis the pretty ones that take their toll, why you could ride the old cow in the stable for a fortnight without emitting."

"What Katerina, Lady Oakes?" Mother cried, suspecting that father had pronged her, "How dare you." 

"I have not!" Father insisted, though I could see he was insincere.

"Then desist, you have two lusty maids to satisfy," Mother insisted, "And I shall keep a close eye on you!"

I drifted off to sleep and when I awoke I was alone and the late afternoon sun swept golden across the park, laughter tittered down the corridor and I heard father's laugh and then mother say, "ten, now ten for Lilla."

I dressed quickly and went to father's bed chamber where looking through the key hole I could see Lilla and Catherine upon the bed in father's chamber playing one of fathers games, "Ten each," whereby father thrust his manhood within each girl in turn some ten thrusts and then changed to the other girl, the girl who father erupts within being the winner except mother was involved and as I watched them, quite suddenly she bade Lilla move over and raising her gown to reveal her pink privateness devoid of any other clothing she lay back and guided father within her whereupon he expelled his cream after barely six strokes.

"I win again, I think." Mother laughed as father climbed off her leaving two aroused and frustrated unsatisfied girls looking daggers at her.

I knocked the door and went in.

"I have a solution!" I announced.

"Really, grow another cock perchance?" Father said.

"Marry these two off to ne'er do wells." I suggested.

"What thieves vagabonds?" Mother asked, "Swine herds, footmen what?"

"Much worse," I suggested, "Politicians! And quickly before their bellies swell to excess." 

"John, you may not have inherited my prong but by god you inherited your mother's devious brain!" Father said, "So set to it, I suppose you have Mr Gerald Handley in mind?" he suggested.

"And the younger Mr Pit." I added.

"Oh my Lord!" Father cried, "So John to your books while I entertain these two beauties."

Entertain, Prong he meant, but I went away to my study and my law books and therein I found the means whereby to snare the unwary politicians.

Meanwhile Camilla stayed whilst Father entertained Catherine and Lilla copiously in my bed chamber, Mother and Camilla watched as another might watch a chess match or pugilism as Father pronged first the one and then the other.

"Are you not jealous?" Camilla asked.

"Dear Lord no, relieved," Mother assured her, "For otherwise it should be I crushed under the brute watching the spiders play upon the ceiling."

Camilla regaled me with tales of this as I perused my law books in pursuance of a scheme for entrapping a Politician, "Oh I cannot conceive," I said at length, "How such might be contrived!"

"Your mother suggests a ball," Camilla said, and it was as simple as that, but for throwing dice to see which girl was found in the bed of which politician, and sadly for Lilla it was Catherine who lost and married Mr Pit whose career bestrode the heights of matters politic, whereas Lilla being found in flagrante with Mr Handley had to bear thirteen children with him and come begging for funds at Mr Pit's door and father's at regular intervals.

Catherine moved in the very heights of society and by small increments her mother moved from stable to bed chambermaid to woman of some respectability, save that every second week Camilla or I administered ten lashes to&nbsp; her naked backside before a pig man or similar pleasured her in the stable to nake the point that she was still a base whore.

That is until we realised Judge Wibblethwaite's order for chastisement had long ended, and the woman relished her debasement.

There after when she was set up in a place by her son in law Mr Pit, we received her for high tea on occasion and at least once per month after which we whipped her and allowed the pig man to debase her, though I own it did seem somewhat pointless.

For myself Camilla found a constant steam of newly wed wenches from the village to sate me and before long every village child or so it seemed looked at me through eyes very much like my own and as my mother said, "You're turning into your father!"

But the law is my passion, not the prong, and I truly believe that one day women of property shall be allowed to join the ranks of lawyers and even to vote for members of Parliament, as it does seem odd that father and the bishop are empowered to elect our member to parliament and the common folk have no say so.

Sadly, and it is a great sorrow, Father forged my mark and I too now spend my days in Parliament awaiting his call to the firmament and mine to the House of Lords and there you will find me, discussing fine points of law long into the nigh while Camilla discusses matters of great import with the gardener.

But if I could I turn the clock back would I.

Indeed I would, for I should have much rather have been born to an honest workman for then I might has aspired to drive one of Mr Trevithics Rail-Way Locomotive engines which I aver will one day travel the length and breadth of the land at in excess twenty miles each hour.

Poor Camilla still thinks me entirely dull, I do hope you don't agree.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The End








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





