BDSM Library - Blackmailed into slavery




Blackmailed into slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Two young guys blackmailing young girls and women to be their sex toys






Blackmailed into slavery
Andy and Carl were lucky to find a place on their own in a university city with over twenty thousand students from all over Europe. They rented an old farmhouse that was standing empty for a few years. Luckily there was not much to renovate, except for a new lock on the entry door and a few minor repairs to the windows. Each had their own comfortable room to study. The old timber beds were still there. The new mattresses were the only substantial investment they had to do.
Besides studying for their engineering degree Carl and Andy shared their enthusiasm for motorbikes. Andy had another hobby in photography. He had already a collection of a few cameras with various lenses. His newest pride was a powerful zoom lens, given to him by his dad for his successful first year of study.
Both young men loved to hike the local woods on their weekends looking for motives for Andy&#8217;s camera. They discovered a hidden pond with a waterfall constantly feeding it. What they liked on it most was the difficult terrain to get to. It kept most people away from it. The two hour hike was too much for lazy town people. Rarely did they meet someone else when they took a refreshing plunge in the crystal clear water.
On this Sunday again they were on their way to their favorite spot. They already had passed the ridge and were descending down the stony path into the more densely forest. The path zigzagged through the dense undergrowth. Only occasionally there were a few spots of open sky. On reaching such a spot they took a short break and looked down onto the track 50 meters down. To their surprise they could see 3 girls making their way slowly down into the valley.
Andy immediately took out his camera, quickly fitted the new zoom lens. He signaled me to be quiet while he focused on the girls. Carl was eager to have a look too and Andy reluctantly handed over the camera. While Carl observed the girls Andy whispered in his ears. &#8216;It&#8217;s Nicky and Megan, Do you know the other girl?&#8217; Nicky and Megan were studying a science degree. We saw them a few times in the cafeteria on campus. Nicky was a cute red head always dressing sexy. Sometimes you could faintly see her nipples with the distinct aureoles under her blouse. You could say a nice c cup set of breasts standing high on her chest. Megan was a light brunette. Guys always took a second look as she was a natural big titted beauty. Carl quickly had another look before they disappeared again in the vegetation. He only could catch a glimpse of the third girl, just managed to notice her black long hair right down to her belt line.
&#8216;I think this Sunday will get very interesting&#8217; Andy whispered. Carl had a delightful smirk all over his face. They started to follow the girls down. Trying to avoid any loud noise both watched their steps carefully. They made sure to remain unnoticed, leaving the girls some headway.
When the girls arrived on the pond, the two guys remained hidden in the undergrowth. Both got really excited when the girls started undressing. Now they could have a closer look at the raven haired girl. They noticed that she was much younger than Megan and Nicky who were 20 years old. Andy made a few shots of all three girls. Of course he did not forget to make a few close ups of the girls tits, arse and pussy. Nicky had her snatch trimmed neatly and it showed she was a true red head with a very white skin tone. Megan was fully shaved. Her big tits stood proudly out. Both Megan and Nicky were not skinny, but well rounded. The young girl only had her bikini line waxed. She was a sporty trim girl with a great bubble butt. Her tits were a good size. They only appeared much bigger as she was a small girl. Looking through the lens, Andy suggested she could not be older than 16. Carl agreed when observing her innocent face.
The guys really had to control themselves not to run over and rape them. They both had problems keeping their rigid cocks in their pants while they watched the girls having a skinny dip. The water is quite cold so the girls were soon out and toweled off. When the girls collected their blanket, Carl and Andy thought the show was over. Andy wanted to head back but Carl held Andy back. To their surprise they watched the girls tugging their clothes into their bags and disappearing into the denser forest.
They again gave the girls some time then followed them stealthily. Due to their good knowledge of the area, they had no problem finding the girls. They made themselves comfortable in a small clearing, spreading their large blanked and sitting down.
Andy and Carl found an elevated position that gave enough cover to be undetected. To their surprise, they observed Nicky preparing what looked like a glass pipe made from a laboratory test tube. The guys immediately knew the girls are about to smoke the in student circles popular hashish. Although the use was wide spread it was still quite illegal. Police often turned a blind eye to it, except when used by minors. Nicky lit the bong had a few puffs then passed the device to Megan who after her turn gave it to the young girl. Andy made sure he made a few close up pics of each of them. And of course from the group sitting there naked and smoking
It did not take long for the drug to take effect. The guys could hear the girls giggle. When they had finished the real show started for the guys. The girls started kissing each other, stroking and fondling. Nicky grabbed into her bag and produced a vibrator. The young girl tried to resist Nicky&#8217;s advance, but suddenly was held by Megan. To the guys delight the two older girls started to tie the younger one up. Rope was wrapped just above her knees then attached to small trees, spreading her legs wide. The two young men watched in amazement when Nicky was tied over her in a 69 position. Soon her tongue started working on the teenager.&nbsp; The guys hard cocks were asking to be taken out. Andy opened his fly and slowly masturbated, Carl swiftly followed his example. &#8216;Our cocks soon will get all the pussy they want, trust me&#8217; Andy whispered to Carl. They took more pictures of the girls as more toys were introduced into the game. Both older girls had their pussies stuffed with dildos. They quickly worked each other to a few orgasms.
The girls changed positions. Now Megan was in charge. She turned the teen around and stuffed a rolled up towel under the black haired sweetie. Megan offered her cunt to the girl who played to be reluctant until Megan took a riding crop out of her bag and gently spanked her arse cheeks. Soon the raven haired girl was licking pussy under Megan&#8217;s instructions while Nicky mauled Megan&#8217;s big tits. Soon it was Nicky&#8217;s turn to submit. Megan spanked her and inserted a vibrator into her arse. The guys could notice that the young teen only had the vibrator on her clit and pussy lips. While Nicky and Megan had their pussies stuffed the younger girl only had a small butt plug inserted.
Every show has to come to an end. The girls nearly worked themselves to exhaustion and rested for a while. Carl and Andy however made their way back to put the show on hardcopy. They knew they would have another day of unattended hard cocks to endure when printing those pics.
New chapter to follow







Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Master carlos


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





