BDSM Library - The Ripening




The Ripening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Slave has been disregarding instructions and is tied ass up in a tree for the pleasure of ants and flies.






Ripening:

Your promising behavior has recently been marred by strings of failures. After deep thought, I have decided the proper correction process will be a weekend long ripening. The setting is to take place on an outer island at a remote cabin. There is no one else around, nor will there be through the weekend.

Our arrival finds us at a rustic cabin. There is water and plumbing and electricity from a generator, but otherwise amenities are minimal. It is 10 AM and sunny. I instruct you to don your outfit and care of the baggage. Not wanting to increase any punishment that may be coming to you, you remove all of our clothes immediately, standing upright near the car. You put your collar on as well as your wrist and ankle cuffs, and begin to unpack, moving slowly. 

Getting fed up with your sloppy attitude, I impatiently tell you to hurry up and smack your ass hard. You comply, a bit more spring in your step. Finished, you assume the proper position, kneeling, legs spread wide, eyes down and hands palm up on your thighs. 

"This punishment is for your recent pattern of disregard for my instructions. Know that you had the power to avoid what is to come, and will have it in the future."

With that I grab your hair and pull your head back hard. With your head full tilt backward, I jam a metal ring into your mouth. It is very wide and has two leather thongs coming from either side. Releasing your head, I tie the gag tight. Drool immediately begins to pool and dribble out of your mouth. Grabbing your hair once again, I haul you to your feet and drag you into the main cabin room. 

Taking a length of rope, I loop a length around your breast tightly and repeat a few times. With the rest of the rope I tie your other breast. Your orbs are now tight, and they are pulled together by knots in between your two fleshy globes. I tell you to stick your tongue out of your gag, and attach a clothespin to it. Your drool seepage increases now that your tongue is stuck outside of the ring. Using an elastrator, I band both of your areola tightly. Next I attach a butterfly clamp to each nipple. The pain is intense, but soon passes to numbness. 

Two more butterfly clamps are attached to your outer cunt flaps, and I make sure to stretch them long before attaching the clamps onto the meaty parts. I once again use the elastrator, mounding your clit into an unhappy bunch. You are moaning and wriggling a bit now, and I decide to put a stop to your unnecessary movements. I tell you to stand, and, with a bit of twine, I tie each nipple clamp to the corresponding labia clamp, leaving slightly less twine than you need. Using more twine, I tie off your clit around the base of the band and attach the other end to the clothespin pinching your tongue, once again using just a bit less than you need.

As I finish you realize too late that you weren't standing at full attention. The effect is that any movement that causes you to assume full height wrenches the strings taught, pulling your nipples toward your cunt and your flaps towards your head. Likewise you tongue and clit find themselves in a painful tug of war with every jiggle. Drool is accumulating on your chin and chest, and your pussy juice is seeping its way down your leg. 

Your arms are still free and I tell you to put on your shoes. The process awkward with your drool going everywhere, but at least hunched over your strings aren't tight. Soon you are done though, and I tell you to take the backpack full of odds and ends. 

We begin out of the cabin, marching down the ill used trail. Every so often I smack you hard with a switch I pulled from a tree. The smacks are more to keep you moving and to make sure your strings haven't been loose for too long. Soon your back is aching and your ass is smarting from a dozen licks of the switch. 

We walk like this for about half a mile. It seems much longer to you tied together as you are, and by the time we get there you are pouring sweat. You've never spent prolonged time naked outside, and your pussy has responded to the open nudity and rewarded you with a gush of frothy cunt juice.

Our stop finds us at a small clearing in which a straight and strong branch shoots perpendicularly to a large branch at about three feet in height. The branch is surprisingly smooth, albeit with some rough patches. I test it to make sure it will easily hold your weight, and that it is sturdy enough.

I tell you to remove the bag and stand at full attention. You do so despite the pain. Your tongue is very uncomfortable now, and you are alternating between bad cotton mouth and gobs of spit in your mouth. I remove the clothespin, and your tongue explodes into pain, as you knew it would. What you didn't expect was the small but intense yank on your clit as I dropped the clothespin, which is now swinging from your tied and bunched clit.

I untie your the strings running from your cunt flaps to your nipples, and un attach the nipple clamps, rubbing each nipple roughly after I do so, sending waves of pain through your chest.

Taking a blanket from the bag, I double it around the branch and tie it with some rope. I move behind you and pick you up from under your armpits. Lifting you with ease, I bend your midsection over the branch. I attach another tree branch, this time longer and stronger,&nbsp; to each ankle cuff, spreading your legs wide. You can just reach the ground with your tip toes tied as you are. I unattach your wrist cuffs, and move them higher up past your elbows. I loop a belt around the middle of either thigh, and attach you elbow cuffs to your thigh belts. I tie your wrists to your calves, which completes the binding.

You are now bent double over the branch. Your legs are spread wide and your elbows are attached to your thighs, hands proceeding straight down and tied to your calves.

After some rummaging, you hear tape being unrolled and feel me tape the inside of&nbsp; your ass so that your cheeks are spread wide, matching the gaping and wet maw of your cunt. I return to show you two metal cages. They are cylinders about three inches in length and an inch in diameter, formed of metal hoops at either end with rods running between them. You have no idea what I have planned, but for some reason they make you nervous.

Next you feel me probing your cunt hole roughly. I'm plunging a few fingers in and out, alternately spreading and contracting them, obviously loosening your hole. Your exposed ass comes next, and after pouring a measure of cold lube onto the hole, I press in a finger, working it in and out. Soon there are two in, and you once again are being stretched wide. 

I show you one of the cages again, and you gasp as you feel me insert the other into your asshole. It's a bit more difficult to get the other into our cunt, since your ass is already full and is taking up some real estate. With care I manage to insert both cages into you. Your holes are open wide, and you feel me prodding the insides of your pussy and rectum with my fingers.

Your confusion mounts as the next thing you see is an upside down bottle of honey. I show it to you, and soon after it disappears from your sight you feel the honey being poured into your open holes. You clench them involuntarily, but the cages prevent them from closing. The honey tickles as it dribbles into you, sticky and viscous. 

After dispensing the bottle of honey into your holes, I spread out a blanket and begin to read a book. 

You knew this was going to be a prolonged experience, and so were prepared for long bondage. The first hour tied so wasn't too bad. The blanket made your position rather comfortable, and to date you've seemed to manage dealing with your holes being stuffed quite well. Your head is bloodshot from being upside down, but you must have figured that's par for course and haven't complained.

The second hour was heralded by an increase in the prickly sensation you had been feeling not long after this began, as evidenced by your pronounced squirming. At first your twitches would be maddening and random, beginning on your sides and moving to your arms, legs or back. The moment that the ants made it to your face you the true punishment became clear. You had forgotten that we were outside in nature somehow, and the honey was such a seemingly benign addition that it was nearly forgotten. 

The feeling is awful and frustrating, especially as the ants begin to form their marching lines across your body from the branch to the honey welling up in your gaping holes. Fortunately they were not biting ants, as the irritation never became pain.

Sometime during the second hour the honey began to dry, however. You can tell because it started to itch and tighten around the outside, or so I surmise. Soon you begin to moan about it though, and so I know that the itch is raising to a maddening sensation. At about this time the wind became still, and soon a few flies found the sweet substance oozing in your holes. The flies multiply and soon you are under arial assault. You have no defense. The honey in your holes is dinner for the flies, and your holes are the feeding trough. 

You are boardering on panic, the ants and the itching and the flies almost too much to take. Just as you are loosing your will to continue, you feel me pour a measure of lube into your holes once again, and twist each cylinder out. Your pussy cage came out first and the feeling is wonderful if your moans, this time of pleasure, are any indication. Gobs of honey and cunt fluid pour out. Your ass cage comes next, and the gape is beautiful. Your holes pulse with your heartbeat and I admire them for a while, shooing away flies in the process.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  aaballs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





