BDSM Library - The Marquis East India Catering Company




The Marquis East India Catering Company
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   The story weaves a tale of how a very gifted entrepaneur uses his talents to set himself up as the owner of an island that caters to the most extreme desires of a very rich and selective clientele






&nbsp;&nbsp; THE MARQUIS' EAST INDIA CATERING COMPANY

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By: Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 1


&nbsp;&nbsp; My name's Mark Evans. I'm an entrepreneur, really. Plain and simple. Nothing more, and certainly nothing less. Although some people would employ other much more graphic and derogatory terms to describe my vocation, maybe labeling me&nbsp; a pimp, or even a slaver perhaps. But I think entrepreneur is a far more fitting and accurate term. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I've really been engaged in pursuits that are entrepreneurial in nature for most of my life. Even as far back as a youngster in junior high school, I saw a need, an unfilled opportunity, and acted upon it. I would purchase extra large pixie sticks in bulk, and take advantage of the ban on candy at school. Keeping a stash of the sweets in one pocket, and collecting quarters in the opposite one, I would make a few dollars between each and every period of the day. Usually forty or fifty dollars a day! Went great for quite a while, that was until some spoiled snot who wanted candy and didn't have any money with him ratted me out to the Principal. I served a week in detention, and was shut down, and watched far more closely after that. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; By the time I was in eleventh grade, I was tutoring this really dumb fat chick. Long greasy hair, huge udders, thighs that touched from her crotch to her knees, always dressed in sweats, you get the picture. Her parents had more money than God, but she was flunking just about every class from math to English. I was getting paid fifteen bucks an hour three times a week to help her pass Junior year. As an added incentive, her Dad told her he'd buy her a car if she passed all her classes. Man, she really wanted that car, so I told her I'd guarantee her she'd pass if she sucked my cock every session. She was naked and on her knees every afternoon faster than a novice in a convent. Pretty soon, I had her sucking the cocks of any guy who'd pay me twenty dollars for it. Six or seven guys most weeks handed me the double sawbuck for the chance to cream down her throat behind the bleachers in the gym at school. Shit, I&nbsp; swear she thought that cum was its own food group, swallowing every load she got, never spilling a precious drop. I was raking in the dough so fast that I bought a car before she got one!

&nbsp;&nbsp; Never saw the need for college, so I wasn't out of high school six months before ole Uncle Sam came knocking on my door with my 1-A classification in his hand, and sent my sorry ass to South East Asia. I'll tell you, thirteen months in that miserable hell hole called Viet Nam&nbsp; was anything but pleasant. But my hidden talents helped get me through it unscathed , as I was sentenced, transferred that is, to supply. I made profits in the black market like it was going out of style. All legal stuff, you understand, no drugs or shit like that. Cigarettes, booze, fancy lingerie, that kind of thing. There was money to be made, and man, I made it. Hand over fist if truth be told. Made a lot of connections too, lots of guys like me, keen nose for opportunities, needs to be met, seizing the chance and running with it. Where I was working there was me and another guy also name of Mark. They called him Markie B., and my moniker became Mark E. Later, due to my elevated status, the spelling of my name changed to Marquis.

&nbsp;&nbsp; One guy over there really stood out. Special Ops Marine. Hardcore, badass. A stone cold killer. Too many notches on the butt of his gun to count. Once said to me that there was nothing better than being able to kill people and over there it was free! They even gave you medals for doing it. He had a CO he was super loyal to. Probably would have taken a bullet for him without hesitation. The CO had a taste for the ultra kinky, shall we say. Over the top stuff. No kiddie touching or gay stuff, let me set that straight. He was into pain. Inflicting pain. (Rumor had it that he had been well schooled and was quite successful in extracting information from captured VC). He wasn't into the light playful things you might see in a bondage flick or magazine. He liked bull whips, water soaked rattan canes, leather floggers, (even owned a scourge he made himself, tying bits of brittle chicken bones to the whip tails).&nbsp; Real rough stuff, heavy bruising, swelling, often times even drawing blood. Permanent marking really got him off.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This got my fertile mind spinning in high gear. Need = opportunity = $. To make a long story short, it wasn't long before I was procuring "subjects" for the CO, through the SpecOp Marine. Mostly they were villagers, always female, varying ages, never children.&nbsp; Nameless souls whose sudden disappearance would draw little to no attention in a country ravaged by war. Usually they would leave the CO battered and beaten, but there were times when he got a bit, shall we say, carried away with the freedom at hand, and the SpecOp would have a body to dispose of. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; For my end of it, I got linked up with a solid seemingly endless, and highly protected source of Hanoi gold, which I was able to turn around at a huge profit. While this was really sweet, it was the connections all this established which would come to serve me even better after the war.

&nbsp;&nbsp; My service to Uncle Sam over, I slowly drifted stateside, (taking the better part of three years), via Thailand and Amsterdam, and found a sex trade alive and well, catering to the whims of virtually every taste/kink imagined. Storing all the intel for possible future exploitation.

&nbsp;&nbsp; About six years or so after the war had ended, I was well established as a professional middle man, connecting various people, enterprises, and small businesses with each other. All legal and above board. By the 80's the burgeoning technology of VCR machines and pre-recorded tape wakened a sleeping giant in the porn business, and I became instantly involved. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Initially I did what I did best, buffering deals. First locating women to "act" in the films, and then searching out particular women for specific types of films. Fat women, (or bbw as it came to be called), hairy women, women with shaved twats, huge tits, flat chests, puffy nipples, women who could duplicate the remarkable skills exhibited by Linda Lovelace............. The list is as long as the sickest imagination allows. Every fetish, every taste, all catered to, and all making vast sums of money for me. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; This went on for some time, ten years or so, until, seemingly out of the blue, I got a phone call from that Marine from Nam. Seems he and his former CO had gotten into the porn business as well, only they had become leaders in the very secretive, very dangerous, highly risky, and totally illegal side of the business. Starting off in the BDSM market at it's infancy, they had produced a large number of films with the usual light bondage, ropes, chains,&nbsp; fake whips that saturated the genre. But the CO wanted more. He wanted the real thing. He wanted something closer to what he had back "in country." And so he sent his underling in search of The Marquis.

&nbsp;&nbsp; To say I was reticent would be the understatement of all time, but I was, quite frankly, bored with what I was doing and there was no question in my mind that this would prove to be a challenge to my skills.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The first step would be to locate a possible source. This was, after all, the good ole U. S. of A. There were laws, constitutional rights, a lot of Puritan sentiments and other obstacles that had to be skirted. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I headed off to Manhattan. Figuring as the saying goes, "If you can't find it in New York, then it doesn't exist." 

&nbsp;&nbsp; This was&nbsp; prior to the age of computers and the internet making the world a global Manhattan, so mucho foot work and the greasing of a few palms along the way were still the most fruitful methods of searching. But I was well schooled in locating things, and after just a few hours, I was headed to the lower West Side and an "establishment" simply called "THE SandMan's CASTLE."

&nbsp;&nbsp; My field intel told me that this was the place for real people who were&nbsp; living the lives of D/s. The people who frequented The Castle were committed to everything from bondage and discipline to corporal punishment and humiliation. Masters and slaves, Mistresses and slaves, gay, straight, and everything in between.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I&nbsp; found the building on West 16th Street. Three stories. Weather worn red brick. Had probably been built in the late 18th Century and used as a factory of some kind. The few windows that faced the street had long ago been bricked over. A massive wooden double door the sole entrance. Over the door, hanging from dingy thick chains on a rusted mast was a wooden sign shaped like a turret in a castle. It looked similar to a rook from a classic chess set. In front of the door, nonchalantly standing guard, was a hulking monster of a man. A solid 6'4", he had ex pro football player written all over his highly defined musculature. His bald black head glistened under the nearby street lamp as I approached from Seventh Ave. His eyes watching my every step. Not wary, but tuned in. Not threatened, certainly, but aware of his surroundings. His senses were keen and he was obviously prepared for anything.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "May I help you, sir?" he inquired as I neared, looking up at the sign.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, thank you," I replied. "I'm looking for SandMan's Castle."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "You have found it, sir." He paused looking me over. "Forgive me, sir, but you don't appear familiar to me. Are you a member?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ah, no, regrettably I am not."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I see. Then how, may I ask, did you learn of us?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; I handed the man my business card, which reads, simply: 

MARQUIS ENTERPRISES

PROCUREMENTS BROKERAGE

1 800 TALK 2 ME

MARK EVANS PRES,

&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; I watched as he read the card, then he asked, "May I see your ID, sir?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Certainly," I replied, reaching into my wallet to get my driver's license.

&nbsp;&nbsp; He took my license and business card and spoke into a microphone that was clipped to his shirt collar. "I need a verification, Chuck," he said, as he took two steps towards the entrance. A small slot slid open in the door, behind which I saw a pair of eyes peer out and give me the once over. Then a hand came through the slot and the security guard passed my card and license through the slot.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The guard said nothing as we waited on the street. A few minutes passed before the slot opened up and my license was passed back. The guard handed me back my license and said, "Enjoy your visit, Sir."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you," I said in return, as he opened the massive door and held it for me as I entered the building.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The sound made by the closing door boomed through the dimly lit stone foyer. My eyes hadn't yet adjusted to the darkness when I heard a soft female voice say, "Good evening Mr. Evans, and welcome to The SandMan's Castle. "

&nbsp;&nbsp; I turned in the direction of the voice and could vaguely make out a woman standing in front of another door. She was topless, barefoot, and had a&nbsp; stained and tattered rag tied around her waste, barely long enough to hide her sex. She wore iron shackles and chains on her ankles, and her hands were manacled together as well. A steel collar hugged her neck tightly. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I regret to have to be the one to inform you, Sir, but since you are not a member of The Castle, there is an admittance fee you are responsible for."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "But of course, My pet, I fully expected as much," I answered. "And how much might that be?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "For your initial visit, Sir, the admission fee is $500. Any subsequent visits are $400."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I see. And what about becoming a member," I asked, eyeing the beauty as my eyes had fully adjusted to the light by that point, allowing me to drink in her full breasts, pierced nipples, and long smooth legs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; My wandering eyes didn't go unnoticed, and she smiled as she answered, "I'm sorry to have to inform you, Sir, that full membership is by invitation only from an existing member. You may inquire further of someone inside, if you wish."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well," I said, reaching into my pocket and pulling out my money clip. I peeled off five one hundred dollar bills and handed them to her. She took them in her hand and said, "Please follow me, Mr. Evans."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She pressed a button on the wall, and a metal door groaned and opened up allowing us to get on a creaking old freight elevator. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The ancient elevator moved very slowly, groaning, bumping, and rubbing as it made the ascent. It looked like it was probably the original lift from when the building was constructed. I&nbsp; wondered whether they kept it that way to add to the atmosphere of the dungeon. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When we finally reached the floor, after an&nbsp; interminably long ride, she stopped the lift and opened the grating, exposing a cavernous room with a very high ceiling, thirty feet at least! It was immediately apparent to me that the original design of this room was for some type of sweat shop garment industry manufacturing, very common in this part of the city at the start of the Twentieth Century.&nbsp; The windows were placed at ceiling height and pivoted at the center to allow a modicum of ventilation from the exiting hot air trapped at the ceiling. The flooring was heavily worn wide plank pine, stained, gouged and scared from the long removed heavy machinery. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Approximately twenty to twenty five people were spread about the room, which was filled with every imaginable modern and medieval torture device. Among the more prominent pieces was a wooden pony, a Roman Tau cross, a St. Andrew's cross, a whipping post, stockade, pillory, bondage chair, and an iron cage. Chains and cables also hung from pulleys attached to electric and manual winches.&nbsp; Many of these had shackles or spreader bars attached to them. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; One male and two female slaves were being tortured as I entered the room. All eyes were fixed on the slaves, and no one paid me the slightest attention. (Their security and screening process obviously inspired the utmost confidence in the clientele).&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As I was being escorted to a comfortable lounge chair I watched as two women, one dressed in elegant purple leather fetish gear, (which included thigh high black leather high heeled boots, a purple leather skin tight skirt, the matching top unbuttoned to her pierced navel), and the other naked, (excepting for a pair of black leather 4" spike heels),&nbsp; long raven colored hair swishing gently with each move, were alternating blows as they whipped a naked female who was tied&nbsp; to the Roman Tau cross. Her wrists and ankles were attached to the splintered wood with thick black leather cuffs, and her back was pulled tightly against the cross by a wide leather belt, that had been drawn so tight as to pull her stomach in, exaggerating her rib cage. I remember thinking how much agony she was enduring,&nbsp; between the pressure of having her limbs pulled out and away from her body, (her feet were not supporting her), her legs spread obscenely wide, the worn hard wood tearing at her back, the stiff leather strap pulling her stomach in,and the relentless whipping of her breasts, belly and thighs. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; She wore a beautiful leather hood which completely obscured her face, and must have had a gag built into it, as her screams could hardly be heard in the room. Her body was devoid of all hair, except the auburn colored shoulder length tresses which clumped in a tangled swirl, drenched in her sweat. Harsh bright lights bathed her body, showing the angry red welts that decorated her freely. (Some of the welts were bleeding, as the two women had put down their floggers and were now using rattan canes). Her bindings were stressed as she strained to escape the terrible&nbsp; pain. But they held. Held her tight. Her efforts to avoid the lashes futile, but her inborn survival instincts made her try reflexively after each stroke landed with an impact the resounded around the room.

&nbsp;&nbsp; She pissed herself and began to shake as a combination of the pain and exhaustion overtook her. Suddenly she hung by her wrists, limp, not responding to the blows that continued unabated. It was only then that the women stopped beating her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Revive her," one of the women barked angrily. "I'm not through teaching this cunt what it means to disobey me." She spit in the unconscious slave's hair and walked to a table for a bottle of water as she waited for her demand to be obeyed.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress Robin," the naked woman said, putting down her cane and stepped to the cross. "Right away!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; The naked woman quickly unclipped the lifeless looking slave from the cross beginning with her wrists. She let the arms fall and then the legs. Only the waist cincher held her to the cross. Doubled over at the waist, wearing only her wrist and ankle cuffs, her matted hair hiding her face, she appeared to slowly be rousing from her unconsciousness. The naked woman pulled on the heavy belt, loosening it, and the tortured body spilled to the hard floor with a sickening thump. In her state of semi-awareness, the battered slave made to no attempt whatsoever to break her fall, and the side of her head seemed to bounce as she landed with an audible groan.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The naked woman left the slave in a heap on the floor and went over to one of the tables and picked up a salt shaker. As she walked back to the slave, she poured a copious amount of salt into the palm of her hand. Bending down, she proceeded to rub the coarse salt into the woman's bleeding breasts. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The slave's body tensed and jerked as she screamed through the hooded gag hysterically and she scrambled, arms flailing away in the air to get away from the searing pain.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Help me into this, cunt,"&nbsp; Mistress Robin said, handing a strap-on harness to the raven haired slave.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress Robin, who had until only moments before, been dressed in purple, was now naked, excepting for her thigh high boots. Her boyishly small, all but non-existent&nbsp; breasts were capped with nickel sized areolas, and the biggest nipples I had ever seen.&nbsp; Just about as big around as my thumb, and as long as the last joint on my middle finger!. They were huge, hard as rocks, and a deep, dark purple brown color. A large gold ring pierced the right one, deep down at it's base. Her pussy was shaved clean, and the top hints of the slit were clear to even the casual eye. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress Robin. Right away," the slave replied quickly, taking the leather harness from her Mistress. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was an real effort for me to tear my eyes from the three naked bodies only eight feet or so from where I was sitting, but I wanted to see the strap-on, so I looked carefully at it as it was being placed around Mistress Robin's groin. The leather straps were adorned with sharp pointed chrome studs and it had many steel buckles to adjust and secure it properly. Nothing out of the ordinary there. But the phallus was really different, and obviously not something designed for pleasuring someone. Quite to the contrary, this cock was made just for pain and humiliation. A good 8" in length and 3" in diameter, the length of the shaft was festooned in hard bumps of plastic protruding a good 1/2" from the shaft. As I took in all the intricacies strap-on, I kept glimpsing something flashing, glistening, sparkling, on the leather where the phallus was attached to the harness, but I couldn't quite make out what it was.

&nbsp; When the strap-on was belted to Mistress Robin's satisfaction, she looked around the room for a moment before her eyes settled on mine. She walked (strutted actually), the phallus swaying back and forth obscenely, over to my table, bent over, her tiny breasts a few inches from my face, and said in a soft sultry tone, "Pardon me, Sir, but would you please be so kind as to assist me? "

&nbsp;&nbsp; Thinking to myself, 'What the hell,' I smiled and said, "Of course."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I stood up and added, "How may I help you, Mistress?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; A slight smile graced her chiseled face. " Thank you. I would like you to help slave jacquie with this disobedient slave whore. I want her laid out on her back on your table."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sure," I said, glancing over towards&nbsp; slave jacquie who was already standing over the broken women.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I went over to where jacquie and the slave We both&nbsp; grabbed the slave by her arms above the elbow, and yanked her quickly&nbsp; to her feet. She was unsteady and teetering, but managed to stand semi-erect, relying on my grip on her arm for stability. jacquie took her by her other arm and we lead her to my table, pressing her buttocks to the edge.&nbsp; Letting go of her arm, a stepped behind her and pulled her shoulders back until she lay on the small table top flat on her back.

&nbsp; The table was no more than two feet in diameter, so her head hung over unsupported, as did her hips.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress Robin joined us, her eyes fixed on the naked slave, and said, "Now we'll truly see what she's made of, and test her allegiance and obedience to Me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was at that moment that I was finally able to see what it was that I had seen glistening on the strap on. The base of the phallus was completely encircled with tacks. Sharp, hard tacks, about 1/4" long, at least two dozen of them had been affixed to the leather. To be fucked with that strap-on would be a torture unimaginable; between the size and girth of the knobby phallus and the tacks, the slave was going to suffer a hideous fate. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Mistress Robin positioned herself between the slave's legs and said, "jacquie, I want free access to her cunt. You are to lift her legs up and hold them apart for me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; jacquie immediately did as she was told, pulling the slave's legs up and apart.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Then, turning her face towards mine she added, "And if you would be so kind Sir, please fuck her mouth. I don't want my pleasure distracted by hearing her cries for mercy."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "With pleasure, Mistress," I said, my cock already bursting in the tight confines of my trousers. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I undid my pants and dropped them to&nbsp; my ankles as jacquie pulled the slaves legs up high. Taking hold of my cock, I slowly traced circles around the willing slave's open mouth, moistening her lips and extended tongue with pre-cum, in preparation of her face fucking. Mistress Robin watched, her strap-on poised to enter the gaping love tunnel offered up to her. She was watching so as to time her first thrust with mine.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Need I remind you, slave, that if you don't pay attention, if your teeth come in contact with his cock, I will have everyone of your teeth removed from that pretty little face and you'll become a suck whore."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress. I understand," she whimpered quietly around my shaft. 

&nbsp; I glanced up at Mistress Robin and saw her staring at me with a sly acknowledging smile on her face.&nbsp; It didn't take a psychic to read her intentions. With one fast push from my pelvis, I drove my cock right through the slave's mouth and down into the back of her throat, while Robin slammed the massive plastic cock into her, imbedding the tacks into the soft flesh surrounding the hole. The effect was as if we had put her on a spit to be roasted. The slave screamed around my cock, but her teeth never made contact with my vulnerable member.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Pulling almost all the way out, savoring the sensations of her well trained tongue, I drove deep into her throat, causing her to gag and cough, spittle leaked from her mouth. Mistress Robin began a steady and slow rhythmic assault on the slave's pussy, stretching the hole and making multiple puncture wounds with each push. The slave was crying and moaning in obvious pain, but her level of concentration on her oral ministrations was amazing. Her tongue caressed me as she sucked with all her power. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Make him cum for me, little one," Mistress Robin cooed softly, "And I'll stop when he does."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Finding myself wanting to prolong the hapless slave's torment as long as possible, I stopped driving into her mouth, and stood still, letting her do all the work herself, as her Mistress methodically destroyed her pussy. Looking down at Robin's strap-on, I could see that it was now coated in fresh blood. Small bits of flesh stuck to some of the tacks.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm not sure how much of my unbridled arousal was from witnessing the slave's brutal treatment, and how much of it was from her excellent oral training, but I wasn't able to contain myself for very long, and came with a force I had never felt before, spilling my hot cum in the slave's mouth, as she milked me dry. Mistress Robin drove into her one more time, twisting her hips around in a circular motion to tear at the ravaged flesh one last time before pulling the blood soaked strap-on out of the slave's ruined hole.

&nbsp;&nbsp; With nothing but a glance, slave jacquie was on her knees before her Mistress, cleaning the blood off with her willing mouth, while Robin unbuckled the harness. "Get her cleaned up and bring her back to me, slave," Robin commanded.

&nbsp;&nbsp; :As you command, Mistress," came jacquie's reply. She helped the weeping slave off the table and lead her away. I pulled up my pants and buckled my belt.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you for assisting me, mister......?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Evans, Ma'am. Mark Evans."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I extended my hand as she brought the back of her hand up for me to kiss. I obliged her,

&nbsp;&nbsp; "And it was my pleasure," I smiled.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I thought that it might be." She turned and started to leave.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Might I have a word with you Mistress Robin," I said quickly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Certainly," she said, without turning around. "Come with me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I followed her out of the room and down a short corridor. She lifted a necklace over her head and placed the key that hung from it into the lock and opened the door. Donning the necklace once more, she opened the door and I went in behind her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The room was decorated like a Victorian parlor. There was a dark walnut roll top desk in the corner, a settee, love seat, and a wingback chair arranged in a semi-circle facing a brick fireplace. Soft lighting was provided by authentic Tiffany lamps placed on a few tables.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Would you like something to drink," Robin asked.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you, no," I answered. "I don't drink. I find it lessens the senses too much."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Neither do I," she said with a grin. "Although my senses are always at their highest.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What is it you wish to talk with me about," she asked, not waiting on pleasantries.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Right to business," I said nodding in agreement. "I like that."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Reaching into my pocket, I&nbsp; pulled out my business card and handed it to her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Marquis Enterprises, Procurement Brokerage, Mark Evans President," she read aloud. "And what, exactly, might a 'procurement brokerage' be?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Basically anything. Right now, I'm, let's say for want of a better term, a talent scout. I am searching for new talent to be showcased in very genre specific motion pictures."

&nbsp;&nbsp; A knowing smile graced her face, and her eyes lit up. "I'm pretty sure I can make an educated guess as to what genre of film we're not exactly talking about here., otherwise why would you show up here?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; We talked for the better part of half an hour, with me explaining my background to Robin, as well as what my client's wishes were. She asked clear and concise questions. Direct, always to the point, focused on getting the entire picture.

&nbsp;&nbsp; At long last, she said, "I believe we can work together, Mr. Evans."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please call me Mark," I interrupted. I like to make things more personal.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I prefer things to remain more formal, Mr. Evans," she said straightly. "Please do not misunderstand me, as I do not wish to insult you, but you and I are not friends. Not even acquaintances, really. What you are proposing here is a business deal. A transaction. I keep all of my financial affairs separate from my personal ones."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "As you wish, Mistress."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "And you may call me Miss Xavier."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well."

&nbsp;&nbsp; There was a light knock on the door, and Robin called out, "Come in."

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was jacquie and the other slave, who was hunched over with her head down and bundled in a thick white robe, although she was still barefoot. Her wet hair a testament to her recent shower.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin stood up, and said, "I have your phone number. I'll be in touch. Please feel free to enjoy the club some more before you leave, Mr. Evans."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A more obvious dismissal wasn't required. I rose, and took her proffered hand, kissing the back of it, and saying, "Thank you for your time, Miss Xavier, I look forward to hearing from you." I walked toward the door, and heard Robin say, (actually she cooed), "Come her my pet, and let me see the lovely marks I gave you."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I decided not to remain in the club any longer, but instead went back to my hotel room, where I showered and went to bed, getting up early the next morning to make the five hour drive home.

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was the following week, (I remember thinking Robin wasn't interested in my proposal), when I received a piece of registered mail. The letter was from Robin, and it outlined her expectations, (read demands), for the agreement between my clients and her. I smiled at the realization that I had brokered the deal, because her expectations were completely acceptable, and well within the parameters my client had given me to work with, both financially and in meeting his exacting needs. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I was re-reading her letter a third time, making sure I understood all the implications, demands, and subtle innuendos before calling the Marine and telling him what I had done, when I saw a small envelope on the floor&nbsp; under my chair. I hadn't noticed it when I opened the letter, and reckoned that it must have fallen out when I opened up the mail. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Across the face of the envelope, in an elegant and flowing ornate hand, it simply read: "MARQUIS." I slit the envelope open, and inside was a small laminated card with an exact replica of the turret sign that hung above the entrance to the SandMan's Castle. No words were printed on the front, but the back had been printed with the words: 

MARK EVANS
MEMBER # 23

&nbsp;&nbsp; Little did I know then what direction my life would soon take, just because of that small card.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 





&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 









THE MARQUIS' EAST INDIA CATERING COMPANY

By: Charles E. Campbell


CHAPTER 2




&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; The "arrangement" I had brokered between Miss Xavier and the Marine had proven quite financially rewarding for me. It seemed that her connections were virtually limitless, as the "talent" she constantly supplied for the films was both plentiful and diverse. Most of the girls she provided were from Eastern European countries, but she also had no problem locating Asians, Latinos, Indians, or any other race the Marine required, as long as there was enough lead time. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I had taken to using the membership card she sent me and frequenting the SandMan's Castle every three or four weeks. Mostly I went down there hoping of meeting Robin again, but I didn't run into her again for a few months. She was already at the Castle when I arrived late one night, her two slaves naked and kneeling under the table at her feet. She was sitting in a comfortable chair facing the stage and was dressed in a stunning dark cherry red bustier which laced up the back. It constricted her already slim waist and pushed her tiny milk white breasts up high, exposing her thick nipples and areolas. She had on a leather garter belt which matched the color of the bustier, and wore black seamed stockings. On her feet was a pair of four inch black patent leather heels. As I walked in front of her to say hello, I saw that her legs were spread open, and that she wore no panties, exposing her smooth shaven mound and the top of her slit, with a large gold ring dangling from her pierced hood. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She smiled as she saw me try to avert my eyes from her tantalizing pussy before I was caught. "Mr. Evans, what a nice surprise," she said with a sly knowing smile, extending the back of her hand.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I took her hand in both of mine, leaned over and kissed it slowly, saying, "It's so good to see you again, Miss Xavier. I was hoping to have the opportunity to thank you in person for your very generous gift of Castle membership for me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Think nothing of it," she replied, her eyes already off mine and back on the events that were about to enfold on stage. "Pull up a seat and join me," she added, "You might pick up a few ideas for those film maker friends of yours."

&nbsp;&nbsp; As I sat down I saw that a naked male slave had been tightly bound to the St. Andrews cross. Massive leather straps secured his wrists, his arms above the elbow, his ankles, thighs, and his waist tightly to the rough unfinished surface of the cross.&nbsp; His cock was rock hard and standing at full attention from his gleaming, hairless, highly toned body. 
(Although a far better description would be to say he was ripped, with bulging biceps and quads topped off by six pack abs you could bounce a baseball off). A three inch strand of pre-cum was oozing from his cock, lazily making it's way to the floor between his outstretched legs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; From out of the shadows a huge ebony Amazon strode up to the helpless slave. She was topless, wearing only a very skimpy loincloth, which did nothing to hide her muscular thighs and buttocks. She was almost her slave's equal in body development.Her smallish breasts were firm, but natural, with dark chocolate areolas and long thick nipples. Her coal black skin shone brightly in the intense light, glistening in a sheen of sweat. The muscles of her arms and shoulders rippled as she stood before her slave, hands on her hips, her eyes boring into his.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're absolutely sure you want to go through with this slave," she asked loud enough for all in attendance to witness.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress Amazonia, yes. I want this, I mean, I need this more than anything in the world, as long as it pleases you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "It will please me very much slave, to have you marked as my own."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She turned and nodded to someone behind where Robin and I were seated, so I didn't see who it was. But two naked females, one black and one Asian suddenly walked into the light of the stage. One was carrying a small tray, which she set down on a table to the side of the cross. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Prepare this slave to be marked," Amazonia commanded.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes Mistress," the two females intoned in unison.

&nbsp;&nbsp; They each took a sterile gauze pad and poured alcohol on it before wiping the male slave's nipples. Discarding the gauze, they opened new pads and thoroughly cleaned his still throbbing cock and nut sac as well. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Amazonia selected a long surgical needle from the tray and held it before her slave's wide eyes. Satisfied of the fear it instilled in him, she lined it up on his right nipple, poking it a bit, making sure it was exactly where she wanted it before running it through his nipple.&nbsp; The slave gritted his teeth and grunted as the needle pushed through the tender flesh.

&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the female slaves took a heavy steel ring, about one inch across, and pushed it into the new piercing as she pulled the needle out.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Amazonia repeated the task on the left nipple and then stood back to watch as the second ring was set in place as well. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The slave was breathing fairly hard by then, with sweat covering his taut tense body, but his cock was still rigid, the veins that coursed along the shaft bulged with the all blood running through them.

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was at that point that Mistress Robin reached out and grabbed slave jacquie's hair at the back of her head, yanking it hard as she pulled the slave from her knees and ordered, "Please me, slave."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Hurriedly, the slave crawled between Robin's now spread legs, and lowered her face into the waiting pussy. Robin's head tilted back slightly as the sensation of the ministrations began to flood her brain. Robin rested one hand on the back of her slave's head, pulling her in a bit closer.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Amazonia had selected another needle, a very thick one, and had knelt down in front of the helpless slave, when Robin reached out with her other hand and grabbed my crotch. She turned and faced me as she caressed my erection through my slacks, and said, "And where are my manners? One of the more obvious advantages of owning two slaves is never having to wait, or having to share either.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "mynx, pleasure him!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; The other slave, the one I had seen so savagely beaten on my first meeting with Robin, crawled in front of me and reached out to undo my pants. I lifted myself up from the chair so she could pull them down to my ankles, before settling in. She sucked my entire cock down into her throat in one lightning fast motion. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Take your time, you greedy little slut," Robin admonished her. "This isn't a competition between you and jacquie. We have all night. He'll feed you his cum in good time"

&nbsp;&nbsp; mynx settled into a very slow pattern of licking and sucking.&nbsp; Every now and then, she would take me all the way down to the base of my cock, wiggling her nose in my pubic hair, while extending her loving tongue under my cock and caressing my balls. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; She was the most amazing fellatrix I had ever experienced in all of my world travels. The incredible combination of her unequalled oral skills and her uncanny ability to read my responses, kept bringing me right to the edge, and then, ever so slowly and deliberately, back down again, making my swollen balls ache. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Amazonia's ceremony&nbsp; had taken a far distant second place to mynx for me, but I was able to clear my addled mind enough to realize what she was about to do, as she held her slave's scrotum in one hand, pinching it tightly from right below his cock, to the very bottom at his&nbsp; perineum. She&nbsp; pushed the thick needle through the sac from the bottom, slowly and deliberately, until it exited right under his still hard cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The slave's pain levels were remarkable. His contorted face, rigid body straining at the straps that bound him to the cross, and groaning were the sole testaments to the burning fire he endured for his Mistress. No screams. No pleading or begging for mercy. No wrenching and pulling away. He seemed stoic in his resolve to see all of this through for her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; One of Amazonia's females placed a heavy steel ring through the new scrotal piercing. It neatly separated the two testicles on either side of the ring, making them bulge out more prominently.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I glanced to my left and saw Robin smiling as she watched me trying to concentrate on the stage, while mynx did her utmost best to drive me insane. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Really good at that, isn't she," Robin asked knowingly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "A....ab.........absolutely a.........amazing," I stammered as she pushed me right to the brink once again, before easing off, making my balls even more sore. "I've n......never experienced any......anyone better."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "She came into my possession fully trained in the oral arts," she said proudly. "Male, female, anal, she is the best, I concur. It's the only reason I keep her on, really. The rest of her training leaves a lot to be desired. However, I'm not yet convinced she'll be worth the effort to turn her into a proper slave."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, if you don't mind my saying so," I gasped,&nbsp; "I'd say it's a damn good reason to try!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin let out a hearty laugh, and turned back to watching Amazonia finish up with her slave. She was just getting set to push yet another needle, the thickest one yet, horizontally through the head of her slave's cock, right on the tip side of the corona.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Tell me again, slave why we're doing this," Amazonia said, resting the point of the needle on the delicate and sensitive skin.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "To mark me as Mistress Amazonia's personal slave, Mistress," he replied almost yelling. "To proudly wear Your rings as a sign that I am owned by You."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I want you to thank me while I pierce your worthless filthy black dick, slave," she growled at him.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you, Mistress, thank you Mistress," he chanted over and over as Amazonia slowly applied pressure to the needle. His voice quavered a bit, but his resolve was strong as he endured it all for her.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When, at last, the needle emerged from the other side, he still found the strength to thank her, as one of the females replaced the needle with a barbell which supported a shiny steel "U" that hung below his now soft cock.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I heard some moaning coming from Robin and looked over to see her eyes closed, her head flopped back onto the chair, her body tensing and starting to shake, as jacquie brought her off. mynx heard it too, and suddenly I was out of control, yelling and shooting my cum into her eager mouth.

&nbsp;&nbsp; After it was all over, and mynx was helping me get my pants back on, I said to Robin, "May I be so presumptuous as to ask if you have made any plans for dinner? It would be my pleasure to take you out for a meal"

&nbsp;&nbsp; She glanced at me, seemingly to weigh the unexpected proposition. Then she said, "No, I haven't. What did you have in mind?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; I knew right away that she wasn't about to make this easy for me. She always stayed in control, always keeping the upper hand. "I'd very much like to take you out to dinner, as a token of my appreciation for all you have done for me, both with the Castle, and of course with our business agreement. You pick the place."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "So........this is to be a business meeting?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "That wasn't my actual motivation really. Let me be frank, if I may."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "By all means, please."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "You really intrigue the hell out of me. I haven't been able to get you out of my mind since I first met you. In fact, I have been coming down here to the Castle frequently in the hopes of running into you again."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm well aware of your visits to the Castle," she said matter-of-factly. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "You are?" I asked, taken aback at this revelation.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course I am. I know all of the goings on here. Everything. Who do you think owns this place after all?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "You do?" I spit out, completely caught off guard.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Surely you knew that already," she stated, disbelieving my supposed display of innocence in the matter. "I would have assumed you had done your homework about me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Actually I didn't," I said, regaining my composure slightly, and not a little peeved at her disbelief in my sincerity.&nbsp; "But nevertheless, I am interested in you, very interested in you and would like to be granted the opportunity to get to know you better, on a personnel level, if you would permit that."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She smiled and gave me a slight knowing nod, mulling it over.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well. I know a nice little place, not far from here. Give me a few minutes to get more properly dressed."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm not sure of the proper protocol here, but, uh...... you are, of course, more than welcome to bring jacquie and mynx along as well, if you wish."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She laughed and said, "Thank you, but that isn't at all necessary. They will just remain here until I return. I'm sure some of the guests can find some appropriate uses for them in our absence. They'll be sent home when they are of no further use here."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin gave the cabby directions as we got into the cab. We dined in a very small bistro in TriBeCa, maybe a dozen tables, tops, and less than half of them were occupied.&nbsp; Robin wasn't all that forthcoming about herself, no matter how much I pressed, but she managed to pull just about every significant aspect of my biography from me even before the entree was consumed. She had a mildly irritating knack of spinning the conversation back to me whenever I attempted to learn anything about her. It probably wouldn't have been noticeable to someone eavesdropping on our conversation, but it certainly was to me, as I really was searching for anything at all about this woman to whom I felt a real and strong attraction.

&nbsp;&nbsp; As we were leaving the restaurant, she turned towards me and asked, "And what are your plans for the rest of tonight, Mark?" (It was the first time she had ever called me by my first name).

&nbsp;&nbsp; Caught unaware by her abruptness and the blatant innuendo of the question, I hesitated and then said, "Well, I was thinking I'd take you back to the Castle, or wherever you'd like for me to escort you. Then, I guess I'll head for my hotel room, as it's a bit too late for the trip back to my house. I can hit the road for home in the morning when I'm fresh."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She didn't respond. No facial expression, no nod, nothing, as we walked to the corner to hail a cab. I didn't say anything either, figuring the ball was in her court. I held the door for her as she got in.&nbsp; Robin looked forward, straight forward, not at me&nbsp; and said, "614 West 78th Street, please."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I continued looking at Robin as the cab pulled away from the curb. Robin turned toward me, and said, "No sense staying in a hotel. I've got two spare bedrooms at my apartment, you can sleep there, and head out in the morning, if you'd like."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I wouldn't want to be a bother, but that would be wonderful, thank you," I said, relieved that the decision had been made for me.

&nbsp;&nbsp; We arrived at her building, and then, not even waiting for me to open the car door for her, she hopped out and said, "Come with me."

&nbsp; I followed her to the elevator, which opened as soon as she hit the call button. We got in, the door closed, and she inserted a key into the panel with the floor buttons. I watched the floors pass as the elevator rose, and noticed that we went one floor past where the numbers that were indicated on the panel stopped, to the top floor. When we arrived at her floor, jacquie and mynx were both kneeling, naked, heads bowed, arms folded behind their backs, on the floor facing the elevator, awaiting their Mistress' arrival.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; We stepped out of the elevator, stepped around the two prostrated slaves and Robin summarily dismissed me, extending her hand to me as she said, "Thank you for the lovely evening, Mr. Evans.&nbsp; I'm quite tired and wish to retire. jacquie will take care of you from here on in. If there's anything you need, or want..........."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I kissed her hand and she turned, totally surprised by her abruptness, and watched mynx's shapely ass wiggle as she crawled down the corridor following like a dutiful pet behind her owner.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you would please come with me," jacquie said, standing up. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I followed her down the same hallway Robin had passed through. jacquie opened a door and waited for me to enter the room. She came in behind me and closed the door. "This is your changing room. Let me get you undressed before your shower.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you," I said, sarcasm oozing through my tone, "But I'm sure I can figure out how to take a shower." 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Nonplussed, jacquie began to unbutton my shirt. "Mistress would be extremely displeased with me if I didn't obey her commands. Please allow me to do as I've been told. I must not disobey my Mistress."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I had no reaction, or comment, to her reply, and stood perfectly still as jacquie methodically stripped me naked. She made no mention of the fact that I was hard. She took my hand and said, "This way please."

&nbsp;&nbsp; We went through a door into a very large bathroom, with bright overhead lighting and gleaming white tiled walls and floors and shining gold fixtures. The shower was enormous. Set in a corner of the room, with two clear glass walls, and a marble bench built into one wall. It had to have been 8" square.&nbsp; When jacquie turned on the water, I watched as over a dozen spray jets opened up from the walls, ceiling, and even from the floor. She opened the shower door and held it for me.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hang on a second," I stopped. "I need to pee first."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "In the shower is fine," she said, pulling my hand. Then she added, with a slight smile, "And besides, I'm thirsty."
 
&nbsp;&nbsp; The water in the shower was amazing, coming at me seemingly from everywhere.&nbsp; I began to relax as jacquie knelt before me and held my cock pointing directly&nbsp; at her open mouth. I hesitated for a moment, and she must have sensed my discomfort. "Please," she begged, "Allow me to drink your golden liquid." 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked down at her face as the stream of urine began. She took as much as her mouth would hold before pinching my cock to stop the stream. Then she closed her mouth and swallowed. She repeated this practice until my bladder was empty. "Thank you," she said as she started to soap and bathe me from head to toe with a soft wash cloth. She knelt again at my feet and gently washed my nut sack and newly erect cock , soaping them up erotically and letting the streams of water rinse the soap away several times. Moving behind me, she worked the cloth in my ass crack and I felt as her finger probed my anus every so slightly. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When she&nbsp; was through with my bath, she stepped out of the shower stall, turned off the water and held a luxuriantly soft bath towel out to dry me with. I did nothing, as jacquie did it all. When I was dry, she proceeded to rub lotions all over me, taking her time, allowing me to relax with the gentle sensuous caresses from her talented hands. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Opening the medicine cabinet, jacquie removed a fresh toothbrush, dental floss, and toothpaste which she handed to me. As I brushed my teeth, jacquie used the wet towel she had dried me with and dried herself off. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'll show you to your room, Sir" she said when we were finally finished. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I followed her back out through the changing room and down a long hallway that ended in a closed door. jacquie opened the door without pause and waited while I entered. This&nbsp; was a huge bedroom, with a king size canopy bed in the middle. Candles flickered in wall sconces providing the only the dimmest light.

&nbsp;&nbsp; jacquie turned down the comforter for me and said, "Do you require a wake up call, Sir?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I should think 7:30 would be good," I answered.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very good, Sir. Should you require anything of me tonight, Sir, I will be asleep on the floor at the foot of your bed. Please don't hesitate to call on me. I am here for your service."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm sure I'll be fine, thanks. mynx took care of my needs earlier."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I settled into the pillowy soft bed and closed my eyes, unable to sleep, reflecting on Robin's odd behavior. I don't know how long I was laying there awake, when I heard a door open and close in the room. Even with my eyes adjusted to the dark, the minimal light provided by the wall sconces prohibited me from seeing who it was. A few moments later I felt motion on the opposite side of the mattress as someone got into the bed from the other side. Suddenly a hand was on my stomach, trailing it's way down to my cock, and I heard Robin's voice coo, "So let's see what you're made of, big boy," as she squeezed my balls hard.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The only way I could even attempt to describe what Robin was like in bed would be to use words like wildcat and aggressive and limitless and experienced. She knew how to give pleasure, and she certainly knew how to get it as well. Her fingers would one moment probe, then the next caress, then the next pinch, then the next soothe............ Her tongue was a living being unto itself, with a silky smooth moist texture. It was almost as if she wanted to taste me as she explored both my body and my responses to her myriad of techniques.

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was, without a doubt, one of the most intense&nbsp; love making sessions I've ever had, and when it was over, she just shifted gears and slowly licked and rimmed my asshole until I as ready for another go. This time at a slower, more relaxed, far less frantic pace, but definitely it was just as intense allowing much more time for mutual exploration and making the experience even more revealing for both of us. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When I awoke the next morning, Robin lay close next to me, her legs and mine entwined, her right hand cupping my balls, her head nestled into my chest, my arm across her flat chest.

&nbsp;&nbsp; There was no uneasiness between us. None at all. Neither of us felt awkward as we gradually came to consciousness and an awareness of where we were. No feelings of "How do I get out of here,?" or "What do I say or do now?" or "What the fuck did I get myself into now?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Rather, it was quite the opposite. It was as if we had been doing this for years. Known each other all our lives. Not in a tired out, pass, mundane way. It was more like being totally comfortable with what we had done, shared, experienced with each other. Natural. Comfortable. As it was meant to be. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sleep well, Mark," her hand giving my balls a gentle squeeze?

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, thank you, and how about you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dreamy. Very restful, thanks."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Good, I'm glad." Her soft fingers were now gently kneading my nut sack. "Hungry," she asked?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Famished."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "jacquie," she called out.

&nbsp;&nbsp; jacquie rose from her spot on the floor at the foot of the bed. I wondered if she had spent the entire night there, witnessing the sounds of our passion.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Would eggs be alright?" Robin asked me.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Great, thanks."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Prepare our breakfast, slave. Scrambled eggs, English muffins, coffee and orange juice. We'll take it here in bed."

&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress," the naked slave answered.

&nbsp;&nbsp; After jacquie had closed the door behind her, Robin began to kiss me on the mouth softly. Then she began a slow sensuous trail of kisses down my face and neck, to my chest, where she lingered on my nipples a moment, sucking and nibbling them one after the other, with her teeth. She continued on down my stomach until she reached my cock, which was already at attention in greedy and eager anticipation.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Her velvety soft warm mouth took me in right to the back of her throat in one fast motion. She had incredible breath control. It was truly astounding, as she didn't pull away for a full minute or so. Her tongue swirled and licked my shaft like a child would savor a peppermint stick. I've had more than my fair share of blow jobs in my life, from skilled pros to rank amateurs, but the head Robin was giving me wasn't at all like any of those. It couldn't even be put in the same category as the mind blowing head mynx had given me only the night before at the Castle. To me, when a woman goes down on a man, she's performing oral sex. Pure and simple. His pleasure, his needs, are her sole concern and motivation, nothing at all in it for her. Selflessness personified. A one way street. But with Robin, I could tell that she was deriving a deep sexual pleasure from the act of sucking my cock. She wasn't just turned on by it, she was getting off on it, and she prolonged the act as long as she could both for her benefit as well as mine.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The bedroom door opened suddenly and jacquie came in unannounced with our breakfast. I was lying flat on my back, legs spread as jacquie strode over to the side of the bed with the tray in her hands. Robin didn't stop sucking me. My eyes went from Robin's bobbing head to jacquie's expressionless face as she watched her Mistress servicing me.&nbsp; I felt the pressure build quickly and finally I came in her mouth. She swallowed everything I gave her and gave my cock a parting kiss as she sat up with a broad smile.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I propped up the pillows for us to lean against as we ate. jacquie stood silently alongside the bed, awaiting any orders, but Robin totally ignored her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; After a few minutes of quiet, I said, "I've never met anyone like you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin took a sip from her cup of coffee, set it back on the tray and picked up an English muffin, almost as if I hadn't uttered a word.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I must confess," I continued, unnaturally nervous as I spoke, "I really am drawn to you like I have never been to anyone else before."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I waited for a response, and again was let down, dejected by her silence.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What must I do to be allowed closer to you? Help me out a bit, would you? I'm practically begging here."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin turned and looked straight into my eyes, her face less than six inches from mine. "Are you sure that's it's me you want? Really sure? Is it me you find you are so 'intrigued' with, or is it my lifestyle? My world? Because even though my lifestyle is so much a part of me, it doesn't define me. It doesn't make me who I am." 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I've experienced a lot of people in your lifestyle, from Thailand to Amsterdam, Sao Paulo to Port Au Prince, and just about everywhere in between. I'm fascinated by you, not your lifestyle. Your radiant beauty drives me crazy. Your steel eyes mesmerize me. Your intellect and business savvy are unequalled. I really think I'm falling in love with you.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Why don't you come with me to my house," I continued, not giving her a chance to speak.&nbsp; "It's very quiet, very private. Beautiful vistas of the Berkshires. Stay a night, the weekend, a week, whatever suits you. Let's just enjoy ourselves, take some time and learn about each other. No pressure, no games, no business. Just you and I, together. Come see me in my realm."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin kept staring into my eyes, her face a blank expression, impossible to discern what lay behind those penetrating eyes.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "And what about your wife?" she asked,&nbsp; cold anger in her voice, "What would she think about your bringing me home?" And having said that, she sprang out of the bed, almost knocking jacquie over in the process.

&nbsp;&nbsp; My right hand shot out reflexively and caught her firmly on the wrist, I yanked her back next to me hard and didn't let go my grip.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I have no wife," I half shouted, my face right in front of hers. "I've never been married, for Christ's sake! Do you think I'm playing games with you? Do you? Because I'm not. I don't play games, Robin. Not now, not ever. I'm serious about what I said. Dead serious. If you can't handle that degree of honesty, well then, that's your problem. Your hang-up, not mine. I'm being candid with you, at least show me the courtesy and respect to do the same in turn."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She said nothing for a moment, then she buried her head in my chest and wept openly, her body going limp, shaking as if the room was freezing cold. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I held her tightly, one hand in the space between her shoulder blades, the other on the back of her head,&nbsp; but didn't speak. I wanted to force her to be the one to break the embrace.

&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a solid five minutes before she regained her composure and whispered, "I've never been married either. Most men I find fear me once they get to know how I live my life. Either that or they're only interested in what my lifestyle offers for them."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn't answer, choosing to hold my tongue.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'd love to come up to your place with you," she finally said. "But I want no time constraint. Like you said, a day, a couple of days............whatever.&nbsp; We'll see how it plays out.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you want me to bring jacquie and mynx?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's entirely your decision, Robin. I'd be a liar if I denied enjoying them, but I want this time to be about you and me. Us. Nothing else. If you feel they'll be a hindrance to that, than leave them behind. If not, then they are certainly welcome as well. Your call."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I don't feel my slaves to be in competition with me, us. Everything I have them do is designed to further their training and make them better slaves. That's all. After all, that's what they want, and what I want as well. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "We'll bring them, then, as long as it's alright with you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I cupped her chin with my hand and drew her lips to mine, kissing her, my tongue deep in her eager mouth.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I broke the kiss took, hold of her narrow shoulders, and said, "I'll take a cab back to my hotel and pick up my car. I'll be back here in an hour, hour and a half. You pack some things, although you won't need much, I'll pick you all up, and we'll be on our way."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I hailed a cab right away, checked out of the hotel, and was back at Robin's building in less than an hour. She was waiting in the lobby with jacquie and mynx. I got out of the Escalade and opened the front passenger door for her, and helped her get in. The two slaves carried the all bags, placing them in the rear, before getting in the back seat themselves.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The four of us didn't know it at the time, but we were now setting out together, never to be apart, and to create the world of the Marquis's&nbsp; East India Catering Company.


&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 







&nbsp;&nbsp; 












THE MARQUIS' EAST INDIA CATERING COMPANY

By Charles E. Campbell


Chapter 3


&nbsp;&nbsp; We drove up Interstate 684 until it petered out in southern Putnam County, then we wended our way up NY Rt 22. Picking up US 20 heading east into Great Barrington, Mass, we meandered our way up through Berkshire County along US 7. I drove, Robin sat in front with me, while jacquie and mynx sat together in the back. My white Chevy Suburban has windows tinted right about to what the law will tolerate, so Robin had made the two slaves shed their clothing pretty soon after we crossed the Tri-Borough Bridge and left NYC. About an hour after that, she ordered them to play with each others pussies and assholes, but no cumming was allowed. The car was filled with the mingling fragrances from their wet crotches. Robin seemed to pay it no mind, but my cock was hard and straining against my jeans.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "About twenty minutes more," I announced as we passed through Stockbridge. "Anyone need to stop first?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "We're fine, thanks," Robin answered for the three of them. "Do we need to pick up any food or anything?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's all taken care of," I said. "I have a retired couple who look after the place. The Gunderson's. They live in the guest house on the grounds, and in exchange, Tom does routine maintenance and some yard work, while Sofia cleans and looks after the house.&nbsp; When they know I'm coming up, they stock up the fridge with everything we could want.
Works out nicely all around."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Will they pose any problems for jacquie and mynx?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "None at all. The guest house is about a quarter of a mile from the main house. Whenever I'm up here, they don't come up to the main house unless I contact them about something. Now, if you want to have them see the slaves, that's quite alright as well. The Gunderson's have seen quite a bit over the years!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; No one spoke for the remainder of the trip. "It's beautiful," Robin said, taking hold of my hand as I pulled up the dirt road and she saw my house. "I love it."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thanks," I replied. "What I really love about it is the solitude. I have sixty acres, and the house is pretty much set dead center in it. Mostly woods, although there is a sizeable pond on the south side of the house that's fed by a brook."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Girls," Robin said, "You'll have no need of clothing while we're here. However, I will permit you to choose if you wish to be barefoot, or you may wear sandals."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you, Mistress," they intoned in unison.

&nbsp;&nbsp; We got settled into a routine in the house pretty quickly. Robin and I slept in my king bed in the Master Suite, while the slaves slept on a mat by the foot of the bed. For the first few days it was a quiet laid back atmosphere. A lot of relaxed, unhurried sex between just Robin and me, we kept jacquie and mynx intentionally celibate. We spent&nbsp; lazy afternoons reading on the wrap around porch while the slaves did calisthenics, then we had televisionless nights training jacquie and mynx. By the third day, Robin and I had both eschewed any clothing and the four of us were pretty much naked 24/7 from that day on during our stay.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I had always wanted to experiment with pet training and casually mentioned it to Robin over lunch one afternoon. She seemed genuinely interested in the idea, so we began to train the girls as pets. They were never to stand erect unless directed. The would walk on all fours. All meals and water would be lapped from bowls. Bodily functions were to be taken care of outdoors, in plain sight, as pets aren't the least bit modest about nature's ways. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Simple one word voice commands with accompanying hand gestures was how we began. "Sit," and "Stay," and "Lie Down," and "Come," and "Beg." We had them compete against each other when we played fetch. Throwing a dirty stick across the lawn from the porch, we allowed them to sprint on two feet to retrieve the stick, but they had to be on hands and knees and pick it up with their teeth. The return trip was made on hands and knees as well. Three sharp cracks of the cane on the soles of the loser's feet kept them competitive and focused on winning.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I remarked to Robin that the strenuous games of fetch we had the slaves playing always left their hair sweaty, tangled, and knotted, adding that most pet's fur is cropped short, making grooming easier for the owner. She said nothing, but nodded in agreement. That evening we made each girl take a pair of scissors and cut the hair off the other's head right down the scalp. Then we provided them with shaving cream and a straight razor and watched as they shaved the other's head completely bald. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin and I both found the bald pate to be stark, strikingly bold, and extremely eye catching. Robin decided to push the envelope a little further by ordering them to shave off their eyebrows as well, so that their eyelashes was the only hair remaining on their bodies, thereby insuring that they would both be certainly stared at anytime they were in public.

&nbsp;&nbsp; One afternoon, while Robin and I were just sitting around and relaxing on the porch reading, and jacquie and mynx were curled up on the lawn in the sun, I said, "Would you like to mix it up a bit, Robin?"
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What do you mean," she replied, looking over the top of her book at me.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, I was just thinking we might have a little barbeque and invite a few people in. Might be fun to see the reactions we'll get to the pets."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin turned toward me, looked over her over-sized sunglasses at my eyes and said. "You're kidding, right?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, I'm quite serious, actually. Certainly would be entertaining I would think."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She didn't respond right away. Then she turned back to her book and said, "I'm game if you are. What exactly do you have in mind?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I was leaning towards a completely nonchalant evening. The slaves would be naked, of course, leashed as well. Hands and knees. Just exhibiting their prowess with the pet training we've been giving them.. You or I could hold the leashes, separately or the pair together.&nbsp; Simple voice commands for obedience. Act like this was typical in the vanilla world.&nbsp; See what progresses. "

&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's fine with me," she said, getting back to her book. "I'll leave it to you to arrange it all however you wish. "

&nbsp;&nbsp; Two weeks later&nbsp; we caught a break in a seemingly endless stretch of bad weather and had a really nice afternoon, weather-wise. Sunny, a few high puffy white clouds, gentle breezes, not hot, but not cool either. The guests started to arrive around 4:00. Not a big crowd, three couples from the area, one of whom asked if they could bring their college age daughter with them. (They claimed she was taking a semester off from her junior year to decide on career options. The reality of the situation, I knew to be just a little different, as Jennifer was in reality serving a disciplinary semester's suspension. It seems she and another co-ed got involved in a little competition to see which one of them could get a dozen guys to cum before the other did. Unbeknownst to the parties involved, someone in the audience had the wherewithal to make a video of the "activities," and posted it on the net. I was particularly drawn to the part where a naked Jennifer was flat on her back on a coffee table, her pendulous breasts sloshing around like huge water balloons, while one guy was slamming her hairy snatch, another guy was roughly fucking her face, and she was jacking off two guys with her hands at the same time!).&nbsp; None of the guests were friends of mine. Acquaintances, more accurately,&nbsp; I had met over the past two or three years. Pretentious, snooty, pseudo-intelligentsia, types, full of themselves. Mostly old money, prep school/Ivy college educated, having inherited the stately homes they lived in. In short, they were perfect for what I had planned.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin and the two slaves stayed in the house for the first hour. I had set up an open bar allowing the guests to help themselves, which they certainly did, while I tended to the grill. The drinks were flowing pretty well by the time Robin decided to join us. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; She was dressed in a black satin bustier with frilly red ribbons lacing it up on the sides and back. A matching garter belt held up her back seamed black stockings and she wore open toed red patent leather pumps on her feet. Her tiny breasts were exposed above the bustier, and her bald pussy was exposed below it as well. The slaves were naked, except for red leather collars buckled tightly around their throats, and they trailed behind Robin from their leashes, which she had slipped over her right wrist. Their bald heads were accented by garish make-up on their lips and eyes.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer, the college girl was the first to spot them. "Oh, my God," she exclaimed loudly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; All eyes turned in Robin's direction and everyone watched as she walked jacquie and mynx over to me on leashes. She kissed me full on the mouth, and said, "How's the party, darling?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Much better now that you're here," I answered, letting my hand slip between her legs and a finger push up into her dripping pussy.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What in God's name is going on here," one of the guests, (a woman in&nbsp; her mid seventies named Denise), demanded. "This is an outrage. I am not going to be any part of this kind of sickness. Let's go, Victor," she ordered, grabbing her husband's arm and storming off with him in tow. (He kept looking back over his shoulder at the naked slaves. My guess was he didn't want to leave right at that instant).

&nbsp;&nbsp; The other five guests didn't move, so I broke the ice, and said, "This is my better half, Robin, and these are her two slaves, jacquie and mynx. We've been training them as pets, and they've learned to respond quite well to commands.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Robin, if you would please be so kind."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Certainly, my love," she answered., bussing me on the cheek. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin turned so that her back was to the guests before bending over to unleash the pets. I know she wanted to provide them with a gorgeous view of her delicious pussy and tight little asshole.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sit," she commanded as she stood up.
&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; jacquie and mynx took positions on Robin's right and left side as they sat on their haunches, hands facing palms up, resting on their thighs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Greet!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; In unison the slaves spun around in front of Robin, their rumps high, asses facing us, heads low, and they began licking her toes through the holes in the pumps.

&nbsp;&nbsp; After a few minutes of this, Robin ordered, "Sit," and they resumed their positions on their haunches at her sides.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stay," she commanded, walking away from them.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin walked over to the bar and poured herself a glass of Chablis. Taking a small sip, she turned to face the pets and smiling, ordered, "Come!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; The two slaves quickly got on their hands and knees and obediently crawled as fast as they could over to their Mistress.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin ran them through their paces. She played fetch, tossing a stick for them to retrieve. She had them lay down, roll over, play dead... When they looked thirsty, she allowed them to lap water from a bowl.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Through it all, the five remaining guests stood, mesmerized by what they were seeing. Jennifer's parents, Bob and Nan Hayes looked far more uncomfortable with the goings-on that the other couple, Syd and Norma Schwartz. And Jennifer kept trying to half heartedly avert her eyes, but she was quite obviously internally conflicted, seemingly forced by something to bear witness.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's the extent of their training so far," Robin announced when the slaves were&nbsp; done with their exhibition. "Go lie down," she ordered, and the pets crawled over to a shady spot on the lawn to stretch out and rest.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "That was incredible," Norma proclaimed as she applauded. Syd clapped as well, while the Hayes family looked on, shell shocked, at a total loss for words.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Um...... yes, th.....that was.......was incredible," Nan agreed quickly, "Th......thank you.&nbsp; Th....thank you both. But.........um......we have to be going."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Uh yes, we do," Bob concurred too quickly. "We, um......have an early flight tomorrow and haven't finished up with packing. Th.....thank you so much for everything."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, thank you," Nan said, already making for their car. "Come along Jenny, we need to get home."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Syd and Norma stayed about four hours. They tried their hand at commands with the pets, and had no qualms with having them lie at our feet while we ate dinner. I really didn't believe they had ever had any experience with the lifestyle, neither did Robin. We both agreed that they were probably so open minded and liberal, that "To each his own," was probably their philosophy. (Either that, or they felt they were on the cusp of some new really "Hip" trend).

&nbsp;&nbsp; The next day we were back in that muggy rainy weather pattern that had been plaguing us. Robin and I had finished lunch and were sitting on the porch, naked, reading, while the pets did their calisthenics on the lawn. The rain had eased up a bit, it was a combination mist/drizzle/light fog, but jacquie and mynx were wet.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The phone rang, and Robin picked up the potable from the table between us.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes,.....yes,......., no we haven't,.......of course,.................that would be fine,.........you're welcome."

&nbsp; Robin hung up. "That was Jennifer Hayes," she explained. "She lost her earring yesterday and wondered if we had found it. When I told her we hadn't, she asked if she might come over a look for it. I told her she could. She said she'd be over in about twenty minutes."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's fine," I said, getting back to my book. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The rain had begun to intensify by the time we saw Jennifer pulling up in her red Mini. She got out of the car dressed in jeans, flip flops, and a long sleeve white front buttoned blouse. She had her long brown hair tied back in a high pony tail. The steady rainfall made her have to duck down and run from the car to the house to minimize her exposure.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wow, it's really starting to rain," she proclaimed as she came up on the porch. "I almost turned back for...." She stopped speaking when she had lifted her head. Robin and I were seated on a wicker settee, naked, while jacquie and mynx, also naked were kneeling between our legs, giving us head."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes," Robin agreed, "The rain is picking up. We were lucky to have had such a fine day when you were here yesterday."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer didn't say anything at first, but then she didn't look away either. One instant she watched the steady rhythmic bobbing of mynx's head as she swallowed my cock, the next instant she watched the slow motion swaying of jacquie's head as she strove to get her tongue deep up into her Mistress. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Um,.....I could come back later, if you want," she offered. "I don't want to intrude." 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Don't be ridiculous," Robin countered. "You didn't come over here looking for an earring anyway, now, did you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Wh.....what," Jennifer jumped, seemingly shocked at the incredulous accusation. "I told you I lost my earring yesterday. I just came over to look for it."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, that's true, you did say that" Robin allowed, "But it wasn't the truth now was it? You weren't wearing earrings yesterday, were you. You just wanted to have an excuse to come over and see the slaves without having to worry about having your parents present while you watched them. Isn't that more to the truth of the matter?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer was silent. Caught red handed in her lie. Suddenly, she fell to her knees, crying, and repeating, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I thought you wouldn't let me come over without my parents, and I couldn't think of any other reason to try and get asked over.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I just had to come over. Please, please teach me to be a slave like them. Please....."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I was stunned, but Robin acted like she had suspected it all along. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What do you know about 'them,' or how they live, or what they are," she asked.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "They're subs, they submit to you."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's what you think this is?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's more than that. I know.&nbsp; I've read the Story of O. Many times. I've looked at lots of BDSM porn, the German and Dutch stuff, not the stuff from California. I want to be a slave. I want to be made to do things for someone. Teach me. I know you could. I'll do anything you want. Anything. I promise!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer was bent all the way over now, and was groveling at Robin's feet, kissing them, sucking her toes. Robin allowed this to continue, then she said, "jacquie, mynx, Sit!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; The pets quit eating us and assumed their positions as commanded.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Really," Robin said, sarcastically. "You really think so, do you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, yes, please," Jennifer returned eagerly. "Make me do something. Let me show you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin didn't answer right away. She seemed to be worked things out in her head.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Get up," she ordered angrily. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer stood in front of her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Walk out to the lawn."

&nbsp;&nbsp; We watched as Jennifer went down the steps into the now teeming rain and walked out on the grass. When she was about twenty-five feet from the house, Robin yelled, "Stop!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer stopped, and turned around&nbsp; to face us.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who the fuck told you to turn around, you stupid bitch," Robin yelled again. "All you fucking need to do is whatever I fucking tell you to do, and nothing else. Get it?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am," Jennifer answered, turning away from us.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I watched Robin intently. She knew exactly what she was doing, and how she wanted to do it. Her patience was incredible, and I knew she was mind fucking the girl.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Five minutes passed, then ten, fifteen. Jennifer was drenched, her clothes soaked completely through. Her light blue bra clearly visible through the wet material of her blouse. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Turn around and face me, cunt!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer obeyed.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Take the tie back out of your hair."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer had to work a bit to get the elastic from her wet hair. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Kick off those sandals."

&nbsp;&nbsp; We watched as Jennifer obeyed Robin, and was now barefoot on the wet grass. Puddles were forming at her feet.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I want you to rip off your blouse and toss it on the ground."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer reached up and tore open her shirt, buttons popping open. She had to tug to get the wet cloth off her shoulders. Slowly, she let the ruined garment fall at her feet.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Take off the jeans."

&nbsp; Again Jennifer complied without hesitation. The denim clung to her, and she was forced to sit on the grass in order to get the tight legs down. She stood back up when she was out of them.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Dressed now in only her massive matronly looking blue bra and cotton&nbsp; panties, we were able to see what she looked like. Wide child bearing hips, narrow shoulders, huge breasts, a more than ample stomach roll, hairy arms covered in&nbsp; long dark hair, probably forty pounds or more over her optimal weight.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Take off your bra next, pig."

&nbsp; Jennifer reached back and undid the five clasps that strained to hold her tits in check, pulled the bra forward off her shoulders, releasing the obscenely flabby, overly large milk bags.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin and I looked at the young girl standing in the rain in just her white cotton briefs. Her hair matted and clumped. Her head down. Pathetic was the first word that came into my mind.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Panties next, slut," Robin ordered.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Slower, but still not hesitating, Jennifer stuck her fingers in the elastic top of her panties at her hips, and pulled them down, bending over as she stepped out of them.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Now completely naked, her lower belly covered by a large dense patch of curly brown pubic hair for all to see. She didn't make an attempt to cover herself. She kept her arms at her sides, just standing still in the downpour.

&nbsp;&nbsp; After quite a few minutes, Robin asked, "How tall are you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Five foot six, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "And what do you weigh?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "About 163 pounds," came the sheepish reply, obviously unhappy with her body image.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "How old are you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Twenty, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you trim your pubic hair?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes Ma'am, but just around the edges."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "How big is your chest?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "48 double D," again noticeable embarrassment at her abnormal size.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "When did your chest start to develop?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer paused a second, I wasn't sure if she was trying to remember, or if she was mortified at the direction of Robin's interrogation.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "When I was eleven," she answered softer, her head dropping a bit forward.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What was that, cunt? We can't hear you. Speak up!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "My breasts developed when I was eleven, Ma'am," she said much louder this time.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What was that like at school, bitch?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; You could see Jennifer being forced to relive some unpleasant memories as she answered. "The girls made mean comments behind my back. Saying what a slut I was. They spread rumors that I was letting some of the boys feel me up. The boys kept accidently bumping into me in the hallways, trying to feel them. Many of them would openly stare at my chest whenever they could get away with it."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Take your left hand and lift your left breast," Robin ordered.

Jennifer picked up the slippery udder and held it up.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I want you to slap your breast with your right hand five times, as hard as you can."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer didn't hesitate at all. She raised her right hand and slapped herself opened handed very hard, five times in quick succession.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Five more, cunt."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer obeyed.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do the other tit, same thing, ten slaps."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Once more, Jennifer slapped herself. Even from the distance in the heavy rain, we could see her skin turning pink as she obeyed.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Again, you fat cow. Ten on each udder, but I want you to do it even harder.

&nbsp;&nbsp; You could hear the sound of the slaps echo all around as Jennifer slapped herself. She yelped in pain with each strike.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin allowed Jennifer to relax a minute. The rain was starting to ease up. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Last time, cunt, only this time, I want you to use a closed fist. Impress me. Show me you mean it. Punch your fucking disgusting tits. Punish them for all the humiliation they've given you!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer lifted her left breast, balled up her right fist and punched herself so hard, she dropped to one knee from the pain.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Get up, bitch," Robin screamed.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer got up, and resumed her self punishment. By the sixth punch, she was crying, but she kept at it until both breasts had been pummeled ten times each.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Here is what I will offer you," Robin said. "This is your decision to make. I don't care one way or the other. This was all your idea in the first place. If you wish to be trained as a slave, be here this Friday at 9:00AM. Not a minute later. That will give you five days to think this over. I will give you a one week probationary trial. One week only. At the end of that trial period, I will tell you if I will keep you on or not. Make whatever arrangements you have to, as you will be staying here for seven days., and you won't be allowed communications with anyone. Any questions?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, Ma'am. Thank you Ma'am."

&nbsp; "To keep you focused for the next five days on what you are about to undertake. I want you to stop shaving.&nbsp; Cunt, arm pits, legs. Let your hair grow. Next, you are to slap and punch your hideous udders ten times each, four times every day. That's ten slaps and then ten punches, hard! I except to see bruises on them when you return.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "If you choose to not go through with this, all you need do is not show up on Friday."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'll be here, Ma'am. I promise. Thank you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now, leave your clothes where they are, and go home!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; The look in Jennifer's eyes told us she wasn't expecting that little wrench in the works. She was obviously trying to figure out how to get back home naked. But, it didn't stop her. She didn't balk.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am. Thank you Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; We watched her leave her clothes behind, get into her car, and drive away.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you think she'll come back, Robin," I asked.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'd take it to the bank," she said, then to the slaves, "Back to work, ladies," and the slaves resumed their oral ministrations to us.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 




&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 















&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; 


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 












THE MARQUIS' EAST INDIA CATERING COMPANY

By Charles E. Campbell

Chapter 4


&nbsp;&nbsp; Friday morning dawned with a calendar picture perfect sky. Bright warm sunlight lit up the myriad of green hues of the evergreens and hardwoods that ring the lawn. Deep azure blue sky, dotted with the occasional large puffy white clouds lazily drifting on the light currents. We had just finished eating breakfast on the porch, served to us by jacquie and mynx, and were enjoying the daily papers on our tablets. The slaves were lapping up the last of the scraps we left them from their bowls on the floor at our feet when we spotted Jennifer's red Mini wending it's way up to the house. She pulled up and stepped out of the car, as naked as she had been when she had driven off five days prior. Without taking a further step, she sank to her knees, bowed her head, and waited her instructions,.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin seemed almost oblivious to the naked young woman kneeling on the lawn twenty-five feet from her. The only indication that she even saw the car was a quiet, "8:57," to no one in particular. She just continued perusing her paper for the better part of fifteen minutes before lowering the tablet and saying, "Did you follow my demands, cunt?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am, I did," came Jennifer's reply.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Put your hands behind your head and lace your fingers together." When she had obeyed, Robin continued, "You may come up here on the porch and kneel at my feet so that I may examine your arm pits and udders for compliance with my demands."

&nbsp;&nbsp; We watched her as she stood up, keeping her balance and walking towards us, her baggy tits swaying grotesquely from side to side with each step that she took. By the time she had started up the steps to the porch, we could easily see the bruises she had obediently inflected upon herself. She knelt at Robin's feet facing her, bending her head down so she looked at Robin's bare feet. New dark stubble was poking out in her pale white arm pits. Her tits were a mess of dark reds, yellows, purples, and blues from the self abuse they had endured. Some of the bruises were quite swollen. It seemed that every square inch of the delicate skin was either bruised or bright pink from a very recent beating.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "When did you last beat your udders, cunt," Robin asked as she leaned over to more closely inspect the evidence of her power. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Just before I started over here, Ma'am. About thirty minutes ago."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin reached out and grabbed each breast hard. Jennifer yelped in pain and fell backwards to the floor, landing on her back.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin bolted to her feet and yelled, "Who do you think you are, cunt? If I want to give you pain, you should be overjoyed that I would give you that gift. You are to accept anything that comes from me, with tremendous gratitude. Do you understand?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Y....yes, Ma'am," she answered meekly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Good. Prove it to me. Kneel down again and if you pull away from me again, you will get into your car and go home!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer knelt again and laced her hands behind her head. Robin stared into the girl's eyes as she slowly grasped her breasts again and began to squeeze them, gradually increasing the pressure. I could see Robin digging her fingernails into the tender flesh and watched as tears began to fall from Jennifer's eyes as she moaned in pain. It wasn't long before the young girl was crying and shaking, trying valiantly to not flinch or pull away.

&nbsp;&nbsp; When Robin finally deemed that Jennifer had withstood enough, she slowly let go her grip. Small droplets of blood appeared in a few places where her nails had broken the skin. "Tell me again why you are here, slut," Robin asked as she gently massaged the girl's tits.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I......I want ..........I want to be a slave, Ma'am. I.........want you t....to teach me how to submit and serve you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well. I have agreed to take you on for a one week trial period, and I shall do just that. One week. Next Friday, we will meet here on the porch and I will let you know whether or not I will allow you continue in your training, or if I will abandon you. Do you have any question for me, cunt?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; It looked to me like Jennifer was formulating a question, but at the last second, she let it go. "No Ma'am, thank you."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Very well, then. What I would like from you right now is a demonstration of how you slapped and punched yourself this week."

&nbsp;&nbsp; She paused a moment before taking her left hand and lifting her left breast up so that it was more or less parallel with the ground. The breast meat was so flabby it drooped off of her wide open palm. Raising her right hand up high, she slapped her tit with her open hand so hard that the resulting sound caused mynx to jump. Nine more slaps followed before she slowly let her tit drop back down against her body.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer repeated the self torture with her right breast, which assuredly must have hurt her even more, because tears were rolling from her eyes as she slapped herself. Then, picking up the left one again, she began the process of punching herself ten times with a closed fist. She cried out and her body recoiled with each blow, but she didn't stop the abuse until the required ten punches had been delivered. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; When she had given her right one an equally harsh and painful treatment,&nbsp; Jennifer laced her hands behind her head once more, and Robin said, "Thank me for allowing you to hurt yourself for my amusement, slut."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you, Ma'am," she whimpered softly, shaking slightly.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stand up," Robin barked.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer stood up, keeping her hands behind her head.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I want you to crawl down the steps on your hands and knees like a dog, you fat bitch."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's ass was an alluring sight, wiggling invitingly as she carefully negotiated the steps. Even from the back, we could see those giant breasts swinging to and fro as she crawled away.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Stop. Turn around and face us," she ordered, when Jennifer was in the dirt alongside the driveway.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now, squat down with your legs spread apart, and piss for us, you little whore!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's utter humiliation showed instantly upon her crimson face. One of the things about Robin is that she is insistent on a slave's total lack of rights to privacy. In fact, she firmly believes that a slave is virtually devoid of any rights at all, having resigned them to their owner completely. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; I couldn't help but stare at&nbsp; the spectacle presented to us on my lawn. Jennifer's badly bruised breasts sagging down to her roll of belly fat, which sagged itself over the top of her thick pubic patch, as she struggled to maintain her balanced squatting with her legs apart, the pink of her inner labia visible to us all, and her hands laced behind her head.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Nothing happened for a few minutes, until at last, a weak stream of urine appeared from her slit before blossoming into a strong flow shooting out from her crotch, splashing into a puddle in the dry dirt between her bare feet.&nbsp; When her bladder was finally emptied, Robin stood up and said, "jacquie, mynx, she's all yours. Do with her as you please. I won't need her back until Monday after lunch. Have fun."

&nbsp;&nbsp; The two slaves jumped up to their feet excitedly, and almost cheered as they said, "Thank you, Mistress," before running out to get their new play toy. They grabbed her by her arms and forced the girl down to rub her splayed pussy in the piss mud she had made in the dirt.

&nbsp;&nbsp; (I can't speak for Robin, but I didn't see Jennifer again until Monday morning as ordered, so for those 72 hours she was under the "tutelage" of the slaves, she was away from my eyes at least. I did see jacquie and mynx throughout that time, but mostly it was only at meals)

&nbsp;&nbsp; To say I was shocked by Jennifer's condition when the slaves returned her to Robin would be an understatement of magnanimous proportion, as well as a gross disservice to their skills in using the young novice. She was absolutely filthy. Her pale white skin was badly sunburned from her face to her feet, and it was crisscrossed from her shoulders to her thighs both front and back with the tell tale lines of various whips, crops, and canes that had been used with great skill. Her wrists and ankles were badly chaffed, most certainly from being tightly tied with coarse rope. Angry looking mosquito bites had erupted everywhere on her body. The scratches, welts, and cuts on her looked to be certain evidence that they had forced her to walk through brambles, stinging nettles, and dried brush in the woods. Her hair was a matted tangles mess, with small leaves and twigs clinging to the knots. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin gave her a perfunctory inspection, the asked, "Has she been fed today?"

&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress," mynx answered. "We fed and watered her about an hour ago."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Good. I want you both to get her all cleaned up and presentable. You may all take a nap if you wish. I want her back her by five. She is to be cleaned and prepped. Is that clear?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress," they intoned as one.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I have a few toys with me, but not enough for what I would like to do," Robin said to me as they left. "Might you have any in your house?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes I do. There's a cabinet in the den where I store different things. Come with me, I'll show you what I have."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin went through the meager assortment of sex toys I had accumulated, selecting two thick rubber penises, and a vibrator. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "We'll need to make a more diverse toy chest for the house," she said.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmmmm, does that mean you're staying here?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin turned and stood directly in front of me. Looking up into my eyes, she said, "I'm not capable of making a lifetime commitment. You need to know that. I don't believe in marriage either. As I'm sure you've noticed, I almost never tie down my slaves when I whip them. When I do, it's more for effect than for bondage. I much prefer a slave's total dedication and obedience to me to serve as the bonds that hold them to a bench or cross, rather than an actual rope. That dedication is a far stronger and more meaningful bond.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I am here with you today. I plan to be here with you tomorrow, and the next day. I have no plans or desires to leave. I cannot and will not promise you that I will stay here with you forever. I'm unable to make such a commitment. I can tell you that I feel very comfortable with you. More so than with any man I have known. I may even love you. To me, that is a bond that is much stronger than some ring on my left hand could ever be."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I hugged her tightly, and she held me tightly as well. The embrace lasted several minutes, neither of us wanting to lose the moment. "That's all I could ever hope for," I whispered.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin and I napped in my bed, wrapped, entwined, around each other. She woke up first. "I'm going to take a shower," she informed me, gently rousing me from my sleep. "I'll meet you downstairs."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sure," I replied, shaking the sleep from my head.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I need to ask a favor of you," she added, turning to face me. "You can do whatever you want with the bitch. Fuck all three of her holes if you care to. But I need you to make sure that you only cum in her mouth. I need to assess her skills, and quite frankly, you're the only person here who can do that"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course. Be more than happy to take care of that little item for you, my dear. I'll see you downstairs."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin an I were seated on the couch when the slaves brought Jennifer in to us, on her hands and knees trailing behind them like a puppy. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Kneel, bitch," jacquie ordered when Jennifer was four feet from us. As Jennifer rose to her knees, jacquie and mynx, who were flanking her, sank to theirs. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Considering the bumps, bruises, cuts, scrapes and other sundry abuse to her, she looked remarkably good. The girls had cleaned her up very well. Her long brown hair had been combed out thoroughly, and allowed to fall naturally to her shoulders. Her youthful skin shone with some lotion that had been liberally applied. Even her pubic thicket had been combed and fluffed up. Her face had been meticulously made up: eyebrows, eyelids, cheeks, lips, all dressed up making her look just short of a cheap whore. No collar, cuffs, or jewelry adorned her naked body.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Spread your legs wider, stupid cow," Robin growled. "You must remember to keep your slut hole open and accessible."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer rocked from one knee to the other as she opened up her legs, making her position all the more uncomfortable.

&nbsp; "Play with your cunt for me, puta."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's hand slid to her open crotch and began rubbing herself.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I expect honest concise answers for every one."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Just so that we understand each other, if you either stop rubbing yourself, or you cum, I will have jacquie and mynx hang you upside-down by your ankles and whip your cunt until you bleed."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I saw her tremble a little, but her hand didn't recoil from it's appointed task. "Yes, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "How many cocks have you sucked?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm not positive, Ma'am.&nbsp; I would think it's between ten and thirteen, though."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "How can you not know, Robin retorted."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Um, I have to explain something first, if you will allow me, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright, go ahead."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I was thrown out of school for a semester because I was filmed in a fraternity&nbsp; house where I was in a competition between me and another girl. It got posted on the internet. We had to see who could be the first to get twelve guys to cum. It was such a blur, I really honestly don't know how many, or which ones were in my mouth, or in my pussy. I know it was most of them, though."

&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked at Robin with raised eyebrows, and she reading my meaning, nodded consent to me.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Were there any ground rules for your competition?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Sir. The other girl and I were allowed to choose the twelve boys the other girl would have do, which was nasty, because we each got stuck with some disgusting looking guys. Also, the guys weren't allowed to touch themselves at all.&nbsp; No self fluffing. We had to do everything. So a few of the guys were hard right away, and some were all soft. But we could do it any way we wanted to. They left that part of it up to us."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What do you mean?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, there was one guy I had to do. Really gross. Super hairy, pimples on his butt,&nbsp; very skinny, smelled bad, tiny little dick.......... I just jerked him off. He came really quick, too, thank God. The better looking guys I had fuck me while I sucked off&nbsp; some of the others. That sort of thing."

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Who won?"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "She did. One of my guys just couldn't get it up with all the people watching and cheering and laughing at him."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "How old were you the first time you sucked a cock," Robin asked?

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I was sixteen, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Tell me about it."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "It was the night of my Junior Prom, and I sucked off my date in the limo on the way&nbsp; back home."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Did he cum in your mouth?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Did you swallow it?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "And why not."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I didn't know what happened when a boy came, and I spit him out when he started shooting in my mouth."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "How about eating girls?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, until the last few days here, there was only one girl I ever did that with."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Tell me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "When I was younger, my parents would hire baby sitters for me when they would go out to parties and things. When I was eight, they had found a seventeen year old high school girl to sit for me. She was beautiful. Absolutely stunning. She had a body like a model.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I really liked her a lot because she played with me every time she sat right up until it was bath time and bed time. She never watched TV, or made me do homework or anything like that. I really looked up to her. She insisted on bathing me, though, right from the first night. She wouldn't let me undress myself either, saying that I was a Princess, and Princesses always had hand maidens who did these kinds of things for them. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "When I was naked, she would draw my bath, and help me into the tub, where she would use her soft hands to wash every part of me very carefully and gently. After the bath, she would wrap me up in a big fluffy towel and dry me off, but she wouldn't let me get dressed again. She would take my hand and lead me naked back to my bedroom.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "The first night she sat for me, she asked if I knew what I would look like when I got big like her. I told her no, and she offered to show me. Very slowly she began to take off all of her clothes until she was naked too. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I remember staring at her huge breasts, her light tan hard nipples, and the dark curly hair that covered her privates. She saw me staring and said,&nbsp; 'You can touch me if you'd like,' and I did. I felt her soft firm breasts and the hair between her legs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "She told me that one of the things that makes a Princess so special, was that they knew how to give a secret kiss.&nbsp; 'Only a Princess can give such a kiss,' she told me. Then she asked me, 'Would you like to play Princess with me?' I said yes, and she laid on her back across my bed and opened her legs. 'Kiss me here,' she told me, as she pointed to her privates. As I leaned forward to kiss her, I remember her placing her hands on the back of my head and guiding my face to her. She told me what I was to do.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Every time she sat for me we played that game. It was our special secret between a Princess and her hand maiden. No one ever found out about it."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Did she ever eat you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes. The third or fourth night she sat for me she asked me if I wanted her to kiss me in our special Princess way. She told me that when she was my age, she had been a Princess too, and that she had a hand maiden who taught her the special kiss. She said she wanted me to learn why the kiss was so special. She didn't do it to me a lot. She said it was because it was something a Princess does for her hand maiden."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What about doing anal?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I've never done anything like that."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "There's a first time for everything, slut. Everything " Robin commented.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "You've cleaned her out well, ladies," Robin asked.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress. Twice," they answered obediently. "She's clean."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Good. I'm sure she'll appreciate what you did when it comes time she has to clean off the dildos."

&nbsp;&nbsp; jacquie and mynx laughed at the inside joke.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin held up a strap-on and said, "jacquie, get her propped up on the couch for me, and mynx, you can help get me into this."

&nbsp;&nbsp; jacquie positioned Jennifer on the couch so that she was kneeling on the cushions, her head up over the back, her legs wide, and instructed her to use her hands to pull her cheeks apart, offering up her tight little virgin sphincter. jacquie stood behind the couch with her hands bearing down on the girl's shoulders.

&nbsp;&nbsp; With the strap-on securely buckled in place, Robin went behind the couch and said, "I'll give you exactly one minute to get this nice and wet. I recommend that you do just that!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "mynx, get her ready for me."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Mistress."

&nbsp;&nbsp; mynx knelt between Jennifer's pale white cheeks and buried her face in the soft flesh, licking and rimming the tightly shuttered passage.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's moans started up instantly as the strange new sensations caused by mynx's talented tongue flooded her head. Then her eyes grew wide in shock and disbelief&nbsp; when she caught sight of the phallus dangling in her face. Robin had chosen a monster for the girl's de-flowering. Clearly, she intended this to be a violent and painful act. Shiny black, a solid ten inches in length,&nbsp; two inches in diameter, with ropes of simulated veins along it's sides. it possessed the ability easily to rend the girl's anus. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She didn't need to be told twice, taking the solitary opportunity she had been granted, devouring the implement, ravenously licking and slobbering all over it, until Robin ripped it from her mouth. "Kiss it," Robin said, and we all watched as the girl paid tribute to the instrument of her pending anal rape.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Open your ass cunt to me, slut," Robin commanded, as she waved mynx off.&nbsp; "Tell me how honored you are to be given the chance to offer up your anal flower up to me!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer was shaking slightly. Her fingers slipping and straining to keep her fat buttocks parted. Vulnerable. Open. Degraded.&nbsp; I wasn't sure if she was searching for the correct words, or if she was hesitating, desperately trying to find a way to avoid the painful fate she was facing.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please, Ma'am, I..........I beg you. Use me as you wish. Let..........let me tr.....try and prove myself to you. Please, rape my ass. I'm proud to have saved my ass so that you may be the first to take me there."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin grasped hold of Jennifer's meaty hips with both hand and nodded to mynx, who grabbed the strap on with both hands and lined it up so it was lightly pressing against it's intended target. Nothing happened for a few seconds, which I suppose was intentional, adding to Jennifer's raging anxiety. Then, without warning, Robin pulled back on the slave's hips, while at the same time pushing forward with all of her weight,&nbsp; and buried the cock to the hilt in one wicked rending thrust.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's blood curdling scream was ear shattering as the searing pain of being sodomized so violently for the first time vented through her vocal cords. Instinctively she tried to pull away, but between jacquie's grip on her shoulders, the back of the couch, and Robin's hold on her hips, she had been left with no avenue of escape.&nbsp; There was to be no respite either, as Robin pulled all the way out, mynx grabbed the plastic cock again, re-aligned it, and Robin penetrated her anew. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; This was repeated over and over again with a strict rhythmic accuracy. Jennifer was wailing and thrashing about. Her pendulous black and blue covered breasts swaying obscenely. With a look and nod to me from Robin, I replaced jacquie in front, grabbing hold of her by the hair on both sides of her head, as jacquie took hold of my cock and fed it into Jennifer's mouth. I pounded her throat keeping time with Robin's anal assault, causing her to gag and spit up as I slammed into the back of her throat with each thrust. She puked and tried to pull her mouth away, but my grip was too strong, so her face was soon covered by the acrid vomit.

&nbsp;&nbsp; When Robin and I went to switch holes, I could see the nauseating mixture of blood and shit stained mucous on the shiny dildo. Robin yanked the girl's head up by her hair so she could see what she was about to be fed, while I alternated fucking her pussy and her gaping bloody asshole. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; The scene was too overwhelming. I wasn't able to last very long, and announced, "I'm gonna cum."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin grabbed me by my arm and pulled me quickly around to the girl's face, so I could dump my load in her mouth. Sated, I fell back against the couch. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin resumed throat fucking her, while mynx and jacquie assaulted her cunt and ass with vicious brutality using their dry unlubed fists. Jennifer was shaking as she came repeatedly. I got it up two more times, fucking her holes freely and spilling in her mouth, as we abused her for the better part of an hour. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin kept at it until the helpless young girl finally passed out.&nbsp; She ordered her two slaves to drag her out on the lawn, where they were to tie her to stakes, spread eagled on her back, hose her down, and leave her there for the night.

&nbsp;&nbsp; The various torments Jennifer bravely endured lasted the entire week until, at last, it was time for her to face her probationary week review. jacquie and mynx stood naked on either side of Jennifer, as she knelt, naked as well, head bowed, knees spread wide on the lawn in the bright sunlight. I was seated with Robin in the shade on the porch sipping iced tea and watching the three naked slaves baking in the unforgiving rays of the relentless sun. Robin made a point of making them wait for her for well over thirty minutes.

&nbsp;&nbsp; I studied Jennifer, who, even from that distance, had obviously suffered a interminably long week of terrible tortures, abuses, and torments. Her young body bore a myriad of angry bruises, black and blue marks, lacerations, scrapes, and swellings. But it was her giant breasts, however, that had been the obvious recipient of the bulk of her suffering. From where I was sitting, I couldn't find even one square inch of undamaged skin on either udder. It would be quite sometime before they didn't bear painful witness to her ordeal.

&nbsp;&nbsp; At long last, Robin stood up, and walked down the steps, never taking her eyes from her submissives. With a nod, Robin indicated to her slaves that she wanted Jennifer upright. Each of the girls grabbed a tit and yanked her to her feet. Jennifer yelped in pain as she quickly got up.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin dismissed jacquie and mynx with a casual almost imperceptible wave of her hand and slowly walked around Jenifer, eying the&nbsp; visual testaments she bore to her week of servitude.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Play with yourself, cunt," Robin ordered.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's right hand moved obediently to her pussy and began a slow methodical rotation.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I shouldn't need to remind you that you are&nbsp; never to cum unless having been told to do so."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; Robin watched patiently as the hyper-horny girl fought against the release that was rapidly building in her, and that she so desperately craved. Jennifer's hand slowed it's teasing just a little and Robin slapped her hard across the face when she caught the infraction. "You weren't told to stop, were you?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, Ma'am." Jennifer's hand picked up the pace again.
&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're a fucking useless stupid fat cow." Robin growled at her.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jennifer's display of obedience was truly impressive, kneeling as she was with four pairs of eyes watching her masturbate. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Cum for me, my little slut," Robin hissed a few moments later. And before Jennifer could say anything in response, she started shaking violently as the spasms took hold of her and she toppled over on her side, her right hand still furiously rubbing herself to nirvana.

&nbsp;&nbsp; When the waves had finally subsided, Robin said, "On your knees."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I must say," Robin began, "That I didn't think you'd follow through with all of this. But, you have proven me wrong in my initial assessments of you. Tell me now, what your thoughts are."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "It.....it was far more intense than I ever could have imagined it to be, Ma'am. My mind was constantly being ripped in all directions, from pain and humiliation, to pride and joy, and everything in between. I.....I've never felt so......so complete, so myself. Does that sound crazy? Am I crazy?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, little one. Not at all. Believe me when I tell you that I understand completely what you mean.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Does this mean you wish to be formally trained as a slave?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yes, oh yes. Please. I....I ehhhh, I mean if it would please you, Ma'am."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Alright then. You'll need to get your affairs in order, as you won't be able to have any contact with anyone from your past life for about three months. How you do that is your problem.&nbsp; Go home and take care of it.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'll need you back here Monday morning by 9:00. Dress however you wish, but you will have no need of any toiletries, cosmetics, or clothes other than what you will be wearing.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Now go!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; As we watched Jennifer drive away, Robin said, "I'll need to make a few calls and get someone up here to pick her up and take her down to the city. I'll send jacquie and mynx with her. Would you call your soldier friend and see if he' be interested in a slave like her for some videos? I'm thinking some public humiliation, interracial, gang bang stuff. Nothing violent."

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sure," I replied. "They're always looking for new talent. anyway.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "What about us," I added quickly?

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I was thinking that we could have a little one on one time together, just the two of us for a while," she said, as she grabbed my crotch, smiling.

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 


&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 



&nbsp; 








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Charles E. Campbell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





