BDSM Library - The auction




The auction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Based upon a fantasy of a friend, it is a fictional story of her being auctioned off.






Something about her drew my attention. Perhaps it was the look in her eyes, the intelligence that was evident. I had not expected to purchase anything at the auction this day. But I knew I had to have her, to own her and to take her, a slave for my bed.

I checked my pockets to insure I had the coin of the realm, gold coins, mainly and some silver. As she was led to the auction block, a much younger woman was sold off, probably for the local bar that catered to men with my taste.

She was mature for a slave, her body in good shape despite being draped in that silly sack of a dress. Her breasts were firm, perhaps a bit small but just fine. I made a note to examine them later along with other parts of her body, to carefully examine and touch her.

She was chained as was customary for these slave auctions, her hands cuffed in front and her neck collared with a chain secured to the post. No, she was going no where except to the highest bidder.

The handler was already pulling down her dress, revealing her breasts and her curved stomach, as he called for those who wished to examine her to come forward.

I did not hesitate but I was only one of a few who seemed interested. Slaves are much like horses, you want to first check their mouths&#8217;, since that is where the age shows first. And then there was time to examine the rest of her.

I told the handler to have her open her mouth and proceeded to confirm that she had all of her teeth. My fingers moved back into her, ensuring no loose or broken ones. I could feel her tongue craving to lick my phalanx like fingers and I smiled to myself in anticipation. Yes, her mind was eager to please, her eyes shining.

I slid my hands down her front. Feeling her firm breasts, not gently squeezing the nipples, seeing if she leaked and felt the weight of each, full, yes but as I expected, not too big. But my fingers would not wait since her stomach was waiting. I slid my hands down, inspecting her skin, checking for discoloration and blemishes but also eager to explore her navel. 

Oh yes, she had children, that was for sure but they were sold away and she was strong and healthy and would bear more if bred. Even so, her stomach was fine, so pleasing.

Before examining her sex, I had the handler put her through her paces, running in place, making sure she was in good condition. With my hand on her heart, I could feel it beating strong, not missing a beat. Her legs were in fine shape, muscular but very much a woman.

As I examined her, the expression on her face never changed, staring ahead but her eyes had an expression of pure revelry, enjoying the examination, anticipating sold to a master who knew what she was capable of.

Before going lower, I bid the handler to bend her over to inspect her fine bottom. She blushed a bit as I inserted my fingers into her backside, feeling for imperfections but found none. Her bottom was smooth, with only a few welts from previous punishments. She was a fine slave, capable of providing much pleasure.

I reached up under her dress and felt the wetness of her sex. Oh, yes, she was wet and I knew that she was exquisite and set a price for her.

I moved to the front of the auction pit as the bidding begun. The auctioneer started her low, probably because of her age. His cadence was the normal as a few early bidders worked him up to 100 gold pieces. 

When the others began to drop off, the price to high, I began to show my interest. Since my reputation is known for getting what I bid for most dropped out. Oh yes, the auctioneer finally proclaimed, going going gone and for 800 gold pieces, she was mine. I quickly paid the fee, gathered my slave; stripped her of her dress and tossed it on the platform.

I then cuffed her hands behind her back and took the leash and led her to my carriage. Perhaps I could have stayed and made her watch as I inspect other, younger women but the urgency meant I was ready.

I connected her leash to the carriage and watched her, as I set the horses to a gentle walk so that she would have no trouble keeping up. We would not want any damaged goods. The day was warm, the sun high, as we made our way through the center of the town. Some men gazed at her but she only looked forward, reveling in her situation.

As I made my way to my house, I let the many ideas of how I would enjoy her play in my mind. And would I breed? All had to be considered. But for now I had to have her, my need to fill her with my seed always returning to center stage.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Yankee01


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





