BDSM Library - Fun from Camera can be Dangerous




Fun from Camera can be Dangerous
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A student buys a camera and finds out many nude pictures of his teacher, and then journey of teacher starts






Digital Camera


My life couldn't get any worse then it is right now. I just
lost my job and I can never work in my career field again.
And it's all because of a passion my ex-husband had. I
suppose I should start from the beginning. I'm a school
teacher at a local high school here in town. I had been
teaching at the school since I got out of college. That
was five years ago. My husband john and I moved to this
small little town so I'd have a good chance at getting a
teaching job right away. The town is a little small but
very richie. A lot of money flows around the town because
it is the home of many of the executives from the many
computer businesses that are located in the area. My name
is Crystal and I like to think I'm a normal girl and
live a very respectable life.

I got a job the very first school year that I was here.
And the pay was great. I had to work my way up the ladder
so to speak but I finally got my own class of students and
really settled down to work hard. I was 26 and teaching
11th graders science and history. I was also the girls
softball coach. I tried to keep as active with the kids
as possible and I really thought I was working my way into
a long stay at the school. About three years ago the small
handheld digital cameras became popular and my husband was
one of the first to get involved with them. He loved his
camera and one time I gave in and let him take some pretty
sexy pictures of me. Of course he promised to keep them
put up and not let anybody see them. I now know after the
fact that every guy uses the same line on his wife. It
always goes something like "I promise, no one will ever see
these and I'll delete them later!"

Well, my husband's cameras got better and bigger and like
some other wife's out there, I got use to seeing the flash
snap and my picture taken. At first I was in sexy clothes,
then slowly in only in my undies. He worked on me weekly
but always spoiled me the next day with things from the
mall and goodies I wanted. I know I should have stopped him
but finally he removed my bra one day and I was getting
topless pictures snapped at me. Of course the next day he
must have spent over a $100.00 on me. I loved the extra
little things he was doing for me now and his plan of
attack actually worked on me. I decided it wasn't that bad
as long as he kept the pictures to himself. I would ask
him every now and then and he'd tell me nobody would ever
see them and he erased the camera memory about once a week.

I wasn't interested in seeing myself nude so of course I
only took his word for it. For a couple months I got use
to having only sexy undies on as he snapped my pictures. Then
one night after he took me out shopping and spoiling me,
my undies came off and then I saw the camera in his hand.
I tried my best to protest and tell him I'd rather he not
take completely nude pictures of me, but he reminded me
that he had been doing it for over six months. Nobody
was hurt or seeing the photos, and he always erased the
camera memory when he was done closely looking at them.
I was very still uncomfortable and a little nervous about
it and knew my answer should have still been no, but
I gave in. For 30 minutes he snapped picture after picture.
Just like with all the other poses, over the next week
then month the entirely nude pictures became normal and
I didn't feel bad anymore when his camera came out. He
had really worked me like a pro. Over the last eight months
I had gone from never allowing something like that to happen
to actually participating and allowing him to snap pictures
while I touched myself. I was for some reason TOTALLY
comfortable with his camera and what he was doing.

My husband had become a sex camera addict. Every time we
had sex, every time it was possible, he was snapping pictures.
I told him I thought he was overdoing it but he would just
buy me some nice things and I would soon forget about it.
The latest camera that he had was a really expensive camera.
He had bought two 512 MEG memory sticks so he could store
about one Gig of photos. That's more then a cdrom could hold.
I noticed the pictures getting more and more hard core. I
never saw them but if I was giving him a BJ or putting on
a show, the camera was clicking away. I knew where he kept
the camera and one night while he was gone, I actually
figured out how to work it and when I saw over 2000 pictures
of me, I about flipped out. He had every little picture that
was ever taken of me stored on one of the two memory modules.
I was so pissed about seeing the pictures that were
in there. I forwarded thru many of them and was there for
over 30 minutes and hadn't even scratched the surface of
the pictures that were just on the first memory module.

I did not know how good the resolution of the camera was.
It was like I was there in living color. Some pictures
showed me fingering myself, some had my husbands dick in
my mouth and sperm pouring out the sides of my lips. I
knew he had taken many pictures but I never really kept
track anymore of when the flash went off. After 45 minutes
of viewing the pictures my mind was so pissed off at my
husband that I put the camera down and opened up the camera
bag and took out the manual. There on one of the pages it
told how to format the entire memory. I didn't care if my
husband would be pissed, he couldn't get any more pissed
then I was now. Following the instructions, I managed to
erase both memory modules the he owned one at a time.
I verified everything and sure enough, both memory modules were
completely empty. I left the camera right out on the
counter so my husband would see it when he got home.

About an hour later, he did get home and immediately he
saw his camera out of the bedroom. He picked it up and
turned it on and his eyes grew huge when he saw the
picture counter said zero pictures. It was way up over
2000 the last time he looked. He quickly played with it
trying to see if he could get any pictures to come up.
It was then I walked in and laid into him like there was
no tomorrow. We fought back and forth and he could not
believe I erased a years worth of pictures. Everything he
had worked so hard to get was gone. But when I told him he
would never snap another picture of me again, that's when
it really heated up. He stormed out of the room and told
me in the heat of anger to just sell the stupid camera then.
He never wanted to see it again. We were still not talking
a week later. The hatred in the house had never been this
bad.

I packed the camera up into it's box and saw on the side of
the box that the camera cost over $700.00. I didn't even
know he had paid about the same for the extra huge memory
also. He never told me the amount of money that he had
put into the equipment. Tomorrow was going to be a huge
sale to benefit the girls softball team. Everybody had to
bring as much stuff as possible. I had already collected
a lot of little stuff but I decided since I was still pissed
at my husband, and I knew I would never let him take
pictures of me again, I would just 'GET RID' of the camera
like he told me to. I didn't know what to put on the
camera for a price because it would be at a sale that
mainly would be parents of the school kids trying to help
buy things for the softball team. I decided to put $300.00
on the camera. I didn't think anybody there could afford it
but I didn't want to just give it away. It was like brand
new.

A couple hours went by and a few people looked at the camera
but nobody was interested for that amount of money. Then one
of the students who just happened to know a lot about digital
cameras, knew how good a deal this was. He was 18 and in
his last year of high school. I didn't know him but he knew
who I was. I really was one of the cutest looking teachers
there. Most the other lady teachers were 15 years or so
older then me. He went and found his dad and begged him to
buy the camera. When his dad saw $300.00 he laughed and
said no way. The boy worked on his dad for twenty minutes.
He promised to pay it back out of his part time job even
though it would take four months. His dad finally told him
if he can talk me down to $200.00, he would buy it. I had
heard most the story of the boy begging his dad and what his
dad had to say. We had barely made about $200.00 so far
today for the softball team. If I sold the camera, we could
double that money. Even though I knew I was selling it for
way too little, I knew it was going to one of the students
and he would probably get more use out of it then anyone
else. I told the boy YES and his eyes lit up like never
before.

He asked me how much memory was in the camera and I told
him I did not know anything about it. I just happened to
mention to him that we erased all the memory about a week ago
and had not used it since. When I said this his eyes really
perked up for some reason. The smile on his face went from
ear to ear. It did make me happy to sell the camera to him.
His dad told him to pull the camera out and take a couple
pictures so he could see how good it worked. But the boy
quickly told him he wanted to read the manual first and
charge up the battery. With that they disappeared and I
put the money from the camera with all the rest of the
sale money. At the end of the day we had made around
$500.00. All the girls were happy and in reality, so was
I.

I went home and for the next week my husband and me still
were not talking. He did notice the camera was gone but
he didn't ask me a thing about it. His little wonder world
of taking pictures of me was gone forever and he knew it.
What I didn't know was many things were going on behind
the scenes over the last week. The boy had took the camera
home and about wet his pants when he pulled out the two
memory sticks and found out they held close to one gig
of memory. That had to be very expensive and he looked
it up on the internet and sure enough, about $700.00 worth
of memory. He had actually legally stolen this camera. He
wondered if I knew what I had sold. The next thing he did
was start searching for some software he knew was out there.
He had used it with his little $90.00 digital camera once.
It was made to undelete any pictures that the camera had
erased. It only worked really good if you ran the undelete
program before you took any pictures on the empty memory
modules. And the boy remembered me telling him they
erased it but didn't use it since then. It took him about
30 minutes to find the small free software, but he finally
got it downloaded it onto his computer. He hooked the
wire that came with the camera up to his computer and
ran the software. It counted up the erased pictures and
he was very surprised when it said it would take five
hours to undelete everything. When he did it with his small
tiny camera, it took about 15 minutes. But the difference
in memory size and the amount of pictures it had to undelete
made all the difference.

The young boy sat and watched TV for the next few hours.
When he came in to check on it, it still said about four
more hours. It was taking a long time to undelete everything
but he just left the computer doing it's thing and left
the house to visit his friends. He didn't really expect to
find anything special in the memory. He just thought it would
be cool to see what pictures were there before the cute
older teacher had erased them. He expected vacation pictures,
school pictures, maybe some family pictures of her and her
husband. He stayed out with his friends till around 10:00 pm
that night. He had forgot all about the camera and how he
was trying to bring back all the pictures. When he went
into his room his computer had a flashing message on the
screen. It read "ALL PICTURES RECOVERED". He disconnected
the camera and went over to his bed and turned it on. It
took him a second to figure out how to switch it to see
pictures instead of take pictures. The very first picture
on the screen got his attention immediately. It was of
the school teacher in a leather tight mini skirt and all
dressed up like she was going to be going out on the town.

One picture at a time the young boy looked at each picture.
He noticed that with every fifteen pictures or so, the
pictures would become even more sexy. The school teacher
was still in her short mini skirts and dresses but she was
now being posed in some very sexy positions. The boy's
finger kept pushing the button to move to the next picture.
The pictures were getting hotter and sexier with every
click. Then he saw the schoolteacher finally only in sexy
underwear. Some of it barely large enough to cover her body.
And all the underwear was from the very sexy lady stores.
Again she was soon posing in some very sexual suggestive
poses but still with her sexy undergarments on. The next
push of the button caused the boy to stop right on that
picture. The school teacher was now topless. Her perky
tits were standing up at attention and she had the cutest
smile on her face. It took the boy about a minute before
he pressed the forward button on the camera. Over the
next four minutes he was witness to many pictures of the
school teacher topless and again starting to be posed in
sexual positions. Some now showed her playing with her
own boobs and sucking one of them in her mouth. Again
the boys finger clicked fast thru the pictures to see
what surprise he might find next.

BINGO! In an instant the first full nude picture of the
teacher was right there in front of him. She had a cute
trimmed set of brown pussy hair and she was sitting in
a chair very properly. But she was entirely nude in this
photo. The boy had to stop and stare for a good two minutes.
His dick was now fully at attention. It ached really bad
as he had now been clicking pictures for a good 15 minutes.
Again he finally let his finger click on the advance button.
The proper little teacher was slowly becoming more and
more at ease in front of the camera. Her legs were now
spread wide and the poses were getting really suggestive
again. Then finally he saw the teacher with her own finger
playing between the lips of her pussy. From that picture
on, the teacher never really looked back. For 30 minutes
the boy watched as the teacher went from showing, to
touching, to playing with her husbands dick. Finally the
pictures of her sucking her husband off was right there in
front of the boy. He had never seen anything this sexy in
his life. He finally looked at the counter and he was at
pictures number 600 of over 2000 pictures in the camera.
He couldn't wait to look at every one of them.

He spent many hours during the late night trying to look
at every picture in the camera. There was nothing now
that the teacher was not doing in front of the camera. She
even played with toys in her pussy and actually fingered
her own ass a couple times in a few of the pictures. Her
husband had gotten her to really put on a show for the
camera. It wasn't until early in the morning that pictures
of her with a dick in her pussy turned up. The husband
probably took them himself as they never showed much of
the husbands body. Usually just his dick plowed deep into
the school teachers pussy. And now there were many pictures
of her cunt covered in sperm and a nice sexy smile on her
face. The boy never tired and saw about everything possible
that a girl could do being done by the school teacher. At
5:00 am in the morning the camera finally reached the very
last picture. The boy looked at the picture number at it
was 2146. He could not believe how many nude and sexual
pictures the teacher had taken of her. He finally couldn't
take it anymore and while watching different pictures of
the teacher, he rubbed his hard and hot dick and exploded
in less then 60 seconds. He was so glad he didn't have
to go to school tomorrow. It was Saturday and he had plans
to watch the sexy pictures for just about the entire day
tomorrow.

He slept till around noon and when he got up he ate a
quick bowl of cereal and soon was right back at it. This
time he hooked the camera again up to his computer and
he let the copy program suck all the pictures off the memory
chips to his computers hard drive. It didn't erase the
pictures from the camera, just made copies of each one
for the computer. Again, this ended up taking two hours. And
when it was finally done, it took up about 600 megs of the
boys laptop hard drive. Now he could use the computer to
look at each picture on his 21" monitor. The clarity was
outstanding and the pictures looked like the schoolteacher
was there in the room with him. The expensive camera took
some of the best digital pictures that money could buy.
The weekend blew by and the young boy was now totally
mesmerized by the school teacher that was about 10 years
older then him. She was so hot and sexy. It was over the
next two weeks while watching the teacher at school and
then viewing her sexy pictures at night that the boy
got a total crush on the married teacher. He was digging
himself deeper and deeper into a hole that sooner or
later he would have to do something about.

The boy sort of became a recluse. Very seldom going out
with his friends and hardly ever going to any school events
unless his new Love of his life was there. His mind started
going a little wrong and soon he decided he had to also
have the school teacher as his own. He had only ever been
with one other girl and that was his first. It was about 8
months ago and they had broke up about a month after she
took his cherry. But at least he wasn't a virgin and he now
loved the school teacher like no student should ever do.
He wanted her badly and started trying to figure out ways
to make it happen. He went to the internet and typed in
many search strings to see what would come back. He
finally got to a story about a school teacher that was
blackmailed by one of her students. It was PERFECT! The
boy had everything he needed to blackmail the teacher. She
would never want any of these pictures to get out. But
how could he get away with it.

That night and for the next couple nights he tried thinking
up many different ways but each time it would always point
back to him. Then he figured it out. He went and found his
cheap digital camera and put everything together and packed
it back in it's original box. Then the next day he went and
found a cheap local pawn shop and talked the guy into
buying the camera for $20.00. He got a receipt and took
it back home. He then worked a little magic and changed
the receipt to say it $200.00 dollars, not $20.00 dollars
that the boy got for the camera. Then he told his parents
he sold the camera and was going to save the money for
his first month of college. Because he told them the money
would be used for college, the boys father did not make him
pay it back. That was lucky because the boy only had $20.00
in his pocket. The next day at school the boy made sure
to run into the teacher that sold him the camera and after
just a little small talk he told her the camera had worked
fine but he sold it for $200.00 to a pawn shop. He was
going to use the money for college. The teacher was happy
for him and they both went on their way.

Everything was now set. The boy wanted to let some more
time go by. It was hard because he was chomping at the
bit to actually touch the girl of his dreams. He had a
total fixation of the older school teacher. Of course
every day he was watching some part of the teachers hot
digital pictures. The boy let a month go by and graduation
was in 15 days. He decided to wait till school was
completely out before he went ahead with his plans. He
had worked on his blackmail letter for two months now and
also had the first night totally planned out. Finally
graduation day was here and he spent his last day at
the high school he had spent his last three years at. He
would never have to go back to school again unless he really
did decide to go to college. As of yet he had not made up
his mind about it.

A week passed and some of the teachers were still closing up
the school for the year and taking care of matters before
the school closed for the couple months of summer break.
That day the boy watched the school closely and he found
out which car the school teacher drove to school. While she
was inside he stuck an envelope under her wind shield
wipers and left as quickly as he could. He didn't want
anyone to see him at the school. He got away with it
perfectly. The envelope was there when the school teacher
came out to her car. She saw the envelope and all it said
was to look under her porch when she got home and there
would be something for her to look at. She thought it was
a very unusual note but she drove home and there under
the front porch was a small package. She opened it and
there was a vcr tape and a small note. The note just
said to only play the tape when her husband was not home.
She would understand everything after viewing the tape.

She went inside and her husband was still at work. He
wouldn't be home for over an hour. She turned on the
TV and put the tape into the vcr player. She pressed
play and sat down to relax for a second. It was a good
thing she did. The TV went into a hard sex picture show
that would have made her feet give in from under her.
There on the screen was her getting fucked, sucking on
her husbands dick, and fingering herself and fucking
herself with numerous types of dildos. There were even
pictures of her fingering her tight little ass dressed up
in a sexy little maid's outfit. She could not move a
muscle as her mind quickly remembered seeing a lot of the
pictures on the camera that she knew she had erased. The
tape ran for just five minutes but in that time probably
60 or more pictures popped up on the screen and stayed
there for about 5 seconds each. When the tape finally
stopped, she couldn't move or speak. She just could not
believe that those pictures were in somebody else's hands.
She knew she erased them all because she checked the
camera a couple times before she sold it at the school
sale.

She jumped up and took the tape out of the VCR and ran
it upstairs and hid it. She looked all thru the small
package that it came in but there was no note to be found.
Who sent her this and what did they want? Why was there no
note or anything. She didn't say a word to her husband. They
were semi back to normal again but it had taken them about
six months. She didn't even want him to know about the
pictures. But the next day at school she looked in the
schools year book and found the boys name. It was Scott
Johnson and she quickly looked him up in the schools student
roster. She picked up the phone immediately and called
the boys house. Scotts mother answered the phone and the
school teacher explained who she was. She then asked about
the camera that Scott bought from her about 6 months ago.
She wanted to see about maybe buying it back from him.
It was then Scott's mother told her he sold it over a month
ago at a pawn shop and was going to use the money for
college. But she did say she could find out where it was
pawned and then call the school teacher back.

It was about three hours later that Scott's mother called
the school. It was pawned at a small store about six
blocks from the school. After getting the address, the
school teacher jumped in her car and drove quickly to
the small shop. When she went inside she explained about
one of her students pawning a digital camera a month ago
and asked if they still had it. They looked in their
records and the camera was sold about a week after they
got it. Somebody came in and paid cash for it and that's
all they knew about it. When people pay cash, they don't
track anything about them. And nobody in the pawn shop
could seem to remember anything about the person who
bought the camera. It was too long ago and too many people
came in and used the services of the pawn shop.

The school teacher left really feeling bad. Somebody now
had the camera and was somehow able to get the pictures
off of it. She didn't know how but that had to be the
only way somebody could have gotten those pictures. She
didn't even try to think of Scott as being the person. He
was just a teenager and one of the students at the school.
She knew this was probably somebody much seedier who buys
things from pawn shops. She hoped everything would just
go away by itself, but as soon as she got home, a note was
laying just inside her door. It just said, look at the
same place you did last time. She figured it said only this
in case her husband got the note first. She walked around
the side of the porch and looked under it. There was a large
letter envelope and it felt full with some type of paperwork.

She went inside to her bedroom and quickly pulled open the
letter. In the envelope was a black blindfold and some papers.
The letter was two pages long and soon went into a long
spill about how the camera was bought at a pawn shop.
Special software was used to undelete the last 2000 pictures.
A lot of the pictures had been overwritten but over 1500
pictures were of her. The others were of some young boy and
his family. Then the part that shook her to her very
core began. The guy wanted her at home tomorrow while her
husband was at work. She was to put a blanket out in the
back yard. She was to be in a bikini and lay on the blanket
at exactly noon. She would have a radio playing beside her
and she would take the black blind fold and put it over her
eyes. She would then get a visitor and he would let her
quickly know he was there. She was not to move a muscle
and do everything the guy wanted. If she did not, a tape
with all 1500 pictures would be left at the school. It
would also find it's way to her neighbors, her husband, and
her parents. If she wanted her career to end, all she had
to do was not be there on time or try to look at the guy
that would be there tomorrow afternoon. The letter went
on to say she better make the guy extremely happy or
her life was coming to a quick round of terror. It also
said that her house was being watched and so was she. If
she contacted the police or told anybody else, the pictures
would be released in a very short matter of time.

She was being blackmailed and she knew it. She was really
shaking badly and tears started forming in her eyes. She
had to tell somebody and let them help her. But the tape
was so bad she could not take the chance of loosing her
teaching career for the rest of her life. That's what would
probably happen if the pictures were release to the public
or if there was a trial and the pictures were shown to
the jury. No matter what happened, if the pictures were
ever to be turned in or found by anybody, her life long
dream of teaching would be forever over. She cried and
even screamed a little but nothing she did was going to help
her. She got herself back together before her husband got
home and never mentioned anything about it the entire night.
She never fell asleep and by 8:00 am in the morning when
her husband woke up, her eyes felt like they had weights
attached to them. Not one wink of sleep the entire night. It
had been ten or twelve years since she went an entire night
without sleep.

Her husband told her she looked terrible but she got up with
him and made him breakfast. Anything to try and forget
about what would probably happen at noon today. Her
husband left the house by 9:00 and she now had three hours
to cry and worry about what she was going to do. She still
had time to call the police, but her hands never once
tried to pick up the phone. Soon it was 11:30 and she now
had to make her choice. Crying the entire time, she slowly
opened one of her drawers and slipped on her blue two
piece bikini. Shaking like a leaf, she grabbed a blanket
from the closet and sat in the living room until five minutes
till noon. She gathered up everything including the black
blindfold and portable radio and opened the sliding glass
door to the back yard. They had a nicely fenced in back
yard and there were neighbors on both sides of her. The
fence was wood and about five foot tall. Anybody could look
over it if they wanted to. She sat everything up in the
middle of the yard just like the letter said. She looked
one last time at her watch. It was two minutes till noon.
Turning on the radio, she laid back and slowly pulled the
very large black blindfold down over her eyes. She now
could not see anything. The blindfold was big enough and
thick enough to cut off all light coming into her eyes.

She laid there five minutes and could never tell anything
that was happening. Then she jumped a foot when a hand
touched her leg. Her entire body shook as she knew this
was the person that was blackmailing her. With a very
high pitched and very disguised voice, a man told her she
was not to move. She could not speak and if she did
not cooperate, the pictures he had would wind up in
everyone's hands, just like the note said. He then told
her to shake her head if she agreed. She quickly shook
her head yes. She next was told to put both her hands
over her head. As soon as she did she felt something on
her wrists and soon found she could not pull her hands
apart. The guy had used safety ties and pinned her hands
together over her head. He next pulled over a lawn chair
and used another safety tie strap to strap her hands to
one of the legs. She now could not pull her hands down
from over her head. In a funny voice, he told her this
was only to keep her from removing her blindfold. He
would cut them off her when he left. He then told her for
the next 45 minutes, he would be there with her. She
would do everything he asked and would not make a sound the
entire time. Doing just one thing wrong would be enough
to make the guy leave and with it, her hopes of ever living
a normal life. For the last time, he made her shake her
head she understood. At the same time he heard the
unmistakable sound of her sobbing a little and trying to
hide the crying that she was doing.

Right before the young boy was about to start playing, the
sobbing teacher softly spoke up and asked why he was doing
this to her. This one time only Scott would answer her
question. Still trying hard to disguise his voice, he told
the cute sexy teacher that when he found the camera and
bought it, he figured out how to undelete the memory. When
he did he immediately recognized her as the soccer coach for
the local high school girls team. His own daughter had played
a couple times against the teachers team. After thinking about
it, he didn't think she should be teaching at school after
seeing the kinds of things she did on the camera. Scott went
on to tell the sobbing and shaky teacher that her punishment
for even posing for pictures like that was two weeks of
non-stop servitude. Every day for two weeks, except Saturday
and Sunday when her husband was home, the cute little
teacher was going to be under Scott's control. If she didn't
want to do it, now was the time to stop everything. But
Scott warned her that he knew everything about the internet
and how the school system worked. If these pictures got out,
she would be ruined forever. And if he posted ANY of them
to the internet, they would come back every year as new
friends found them and they would haunt her for the rest
of her life.

With this Crystal started sobbing even louder. The guy wanted
two weeks of her and she would have no control over any of it.
Before Crystal agreed or said no, she stuttered out that she
wanted to know exactly what she would have to do. It was then
that Scott made his position really clear. I plan on doing
to you just about everything you did for the camera. I will
not hold back any and all I can promise you is that you have
my word in two weeks I will disappear forever and you will
never have to worry about the pictures or me. And if you
really do go the entire two weeks, I'll give you back the
camera just as I found it. Of course you will have to pay me
the $200.00 I paid the pawn shop for it. But all the pictures
will be on it and I would then suggest you break the memory
chips up into little pieces. Crystal's mind just now really
comprehended what the guy just said. Everything her husband
had done to her in the last year, he would have the right
to do. Her husband had taken pictures of every one of their
sex nights for just about a year.

Crystal started to plead with the guy, anything he wanted
but don't make it sexual. She could give him as much money
as he wanted. She didn't have very much but she could always
go get a loan. She was now crying pretty hard and begging
Scott to please take the money. Scott was ready for the
money thing and he had worked himself up way too much to
want money. He was totally taken by the cute young teacher
and he wanted nothing else but her. With a cruel sounding
voice, he told Crystal that nothing she could offer would
change the deal. She had one minute starting from now to
either give him permission to do everything to her that she
had the nerve to put on film, or tell him to just leave which
he would surely do. But he also let her know that if he left,
she would probably regret it within an hour or two. Then
Scott just sat there waiting. Crystal was still shaking her
head no and saying "please don't make me choose, please don't
do this to me". When only 20 seconds were left, Scott spoke
up and told her if she didn't answer him soon, it would
mean a "NO" and he would get up and leave. It went right
down to the zero and not a word came from Crystals mouth.

Scott started to get up and Crystal could hear him. Scott
just said he was leaving and also wished Crystal luck with
her teaching career. Crystal about went berserk. Quickly
she said, 'OK, OK, comeback, please, comeback'. Scott had
not moved away from her yet. He slowly sat back down and
forced Crystal to say the following words:
"Yes, I agree that anything that was in a picture, you can do".
She sobbed all thru the words but once they were out, Scott
knew he had her. Scott told her to memorize those words because
whenever he asked her what the 'LAW' was, she had to say those
exact words. Scott now reached into his bag and pulled out a
few things he brought with him. Of course the first thing
out of the bag was the expensive digital camera. No way he
was going to miss filming everything that happened. Crystal
would always be blindfolded and with the radio turned up a
little, she would never know it was happening.

When Crystal felt the first touch of his hands on her legs,
her entire body jumped a foot. Scott could hear the loud
sobs but Crystal really was trying to hold back the tears.
She knew she was in very deep trouble but she decided she had
to try to keep her head about her. She really tried hard but
of course the sobs and some tears kept flowing out. She felt
some sort of lotion being applied to her legs. The smell was
of some sort of suntan oil. For two minutes maybe, Scott's
hands worked on her legs. But the second he got up to her
bikini bottoms, he grabbed onto each side and started to
manhandle them down. For the first time Crystal really knew
something sexual was probably going to happen. She voiced
a 'GOD NO' type of thing but the bottoms kept getting pulled
lower and lower on her hips. Then the force was just too much
and normal size bikini let go completely. It was so easy for
Scott now to pull them the rest of the way off Crystal.

Crystal was shaking and moving around quite a bit. Her hands
were tied to the lawn chair above her head so she really
couldn't use them but she did put up a small fight by
twisting her body around some. Scott put a stop to that by
turning the radio up very very loud for two seconds then
turning it down. It sort of startled Crystal and she then
heard the guy tell her if she didn't lay still, he'd turn
the radio up again SUPER loud and all her neighbors would
probably come out to see what the commotion was. It was
then that Crystal really realized she was half naked in her
back yard and any neighbor could see her if they just looked
over the fence. It was then Crystal asked Scott to please
take her inside. She would promise to be good. But Scott
knew the pictures would be much better outside and he would
not have to use the flash and chance letting Crystal know
he was taking more pictures.

Scott just firmly told Crystal it was her only warning. Any
more disobedience from her, and the radio would go to full
volume for good. Crystal immediately stopped all the twisting
she was now doing. She felt lotion now being rubbed all around
her waist. So far he had not put any on her pussy but he
was now sitting between her legs and her legs were spread
pretty far apart. The radio was on but at a level the
neighbors really wouldn't be able to hear it. It was also just
loud enough to hide some of the occasional sobs leaving
Crystal's mouth. Finally the dreaded moment came when Crystal
felt the lotion being poured into her hair on her pussy. The
guy rubbed the lotion all over Crystals pussy and then even
poured more on. He covered her entire pussy with a very
thick coat of the lotion. But instead of rubbing it in his
hands disappeared and Crystal didn't feel him for about four
minutes. Scott had gotten up and started to take a few pictures
with Crystals cunt covered in the white lotion and the bottle
sitting between her legs. He turned the bottle towards the
camera so he could get some pictures of it also. There right
in front of Crystals lotion covered cunt, was a bottle and
on it were the words "NAIR HAIR REMOVER".

Scott had planned everything to a tee. He had been planning
this day for two weeks and he read numerous stories off the
internet to get hints of what to do. He cleaned his hands
off good and after a few pictures he sat down and took the
other bottle of suntan lotion and continued to work his way
up Crystals body. All the time the white lotion on Crystals
pussy was hard at work eating away the hairs on her cunt.
Crystal felt the warm tingly feeling as the NAIR worked on
her but she was too occupied by the hands just about at her
breasts. Once Scott reach her top, he quickly just pulled
on the bottom of each normal size cup and pulled it up and
off each of Crystal's breast. Crystal was now totally
exposed to whoever it was that was there with her. With
the top pushed up and off her boobs, it was easy for Scott
to unsnap the back of the top and completely pull it from
around Crystal. In an instant Crystal was completely nude.
Now more lotion was poured over her very stiff breasts and
Scott's hand got to feel her very nice tits for the very
first time. Scott was in heaven with what was going on.

He again stood up and took about five more pictures. These
showed Crystal entirely nude in her own back yard and her
cunt was still covered by the white NAIR lotion. Scott knew
to leave the lotion on about ten minutes then wipe it off.
He had a couple towels in his bag and when the time was up,
he moved between Crystals legs and used one of the towels
to scoop the white cr�me off of her. About 2/3's of all
Crystal's hair came off with the cr�me. Her pussy really
looked a mess with just a partial covering of hair on it. When
all the cr�me was gone, Scott took a couple pictures then
went back to rubbing suntan lotion deep into Crystals boobs.
He played another five minutes before he decided he didn't
care what the bottle said, he wanted the hair off of
Crystals cunt. He moved between her legs and to her despair,
the guys hands were again rubbing lotion directly onto her
pussy. Her pussy was now really hot and the lotion felt a
little uncomfortable. All Crystal could smell was the fancy
sunscreen lotion and wasn't sure why her cunt now felt a little
too warm. She didn't get to think about it for long. She felt
the guy play with her hands that were attached to the chair.
In a matter of seconds Scott unhooked her hands from the
chair and told Crystal to turn over. He cunt still had a lot
of NAIR all over it but she was happy to get her pussy and
breasts out of the guys view.

Once she was flat on her stomach, the guy hooked her hands
back up to the lawn chair then proceeded to sit down again
between her legs. He pulled Crystals legs wide apart which
opened both her pussy and ass to the strangers view. All she
could do was cringe and try not to dwell on it. If she did
she would be in tears in a matter of seconds. She felt her
ass now getting a coat of lotion and more being rubbed around
her tight little ass hole. Thank god she had never let her
husband do that to her. There was no pictures of him ever
playing with Crystals butt. What Crystal didn't know was this
was more of the NAIR hair removal cr�me. Scott was putting
it everywhere that he even noticed a trace of any hair. Once
she was again coated, Scott covered the rest of her back and
legs with suntan oil. Ten minutes went by and Crystal had
not moved an inch. Finally Scott took the second towel and
started removing the very thick coat of NAIR that covered
Crystals ass and cunt. This time the lotion really did a job
on her. Her cunt was much redder then normal because of the
acid's that were eating away at her hair. But this second coat
caused every last hair particle to rub away with the lotion.
The look was FANTASTIC. First Scott took pictures of her on
her chest with her legs spread wide, then he unhooked her again
and had her turn over back onto her back.

Once hooking Crystals hands back up to the chair, Scott had
to grab the camera and take some pictures. The hairless cunt
on the older woman's body looked super fine. Scott wanted
to dive right in and touch it but he held his desire back and
continued on with the plans just the way he had thought them
out. But one thing he did do was get the bottle of slippery
suntan lotion and hold it right at the top of Crystals cunt
slit. With one quick squirt, the warm slippery liquid sprayed
out and coated the completely shaved pussy with the sweet
smelling slippery lotion. Scott still didn't touch Crystal.
He just wanted the lotion to slowly seep in and get everything
as wet and slippery as it could. Scott stood up, stood directly
over Crystals boobs, then unzipped his pants and freed his
very erect and stiff dick. He was surprised at how gooey his
dick already was. It was precum that had leaked out over the
past twenty minutes. He now kneeled down and his dick and
balls were directly over Crystals face. She couldn't see it
but they were only inches away. A few quick pictures then
Crystal really jumped a lot.

She felt something on her lips and knew by the wet goo and
the feel that it was a guys cock. Her mind went into panic
mode but the guy pushed forward and Crystal knew she had to
allow his dick to enter her mouth. She was completely nude
in her back yard and a guy she didn't even know was forcing
his dick into her mouth. She wanted to resist but as soon as
the dick was in her mouth just a little, it was too late.
She could taste the guys precum and it was very slippery
and wet. Soon the cock jumped into action and the guy fucked
her face without her even having to move. Her mind was trying
to figure out something to do when immediately her mouth was
swimming in a huge squirt of cum. The guy had only been in
her mouth 40 seconds or so and he was now filling up the
insides of her mouth with hot nasty sperm. With her on her
back and the guy sort of kneeling on top of her, she had
no other choice then to swallow the gooey mixture down. It
was hot, nasty, and very salty tasting. Much more then her
husbands had ever been. But Crystal had never tasted a young
teen's sperm before. It was the most active of any sperm and
it also was created much more rapidly when they were that
young. Crystal got at least two or three full mouthfuls and
she thought the guy would never quick blasting into her mouth.

The very last large squirt was not meant for Crystals mouth.
Instead, Scott pulled his still squirting dick out of her
mouth and let the next big load squirt all over Crystals
face. This was a first for Crystal. Her husband had never
really come all over her face. The only time she usually got
sperm on her face is if some escaped from the sides of her
lips. And that only happened once in a while. Scott held his
still gooey dick over Crystals face and clicked off a few
pictures. This camera was so good these pictures could be
blown up to any size without effecting the quality. Finally
Scott stood up and took a few full length pictures showing
Crystal entirely nude with big globs of sperm running down
the sides of her face. Scott just couldn't believe his
dream had come true. He took Crystals bottoms and used them
to wipe the cum off her face. He noticed the wet tears starting
to come from below the blindfold, but there were not that
many and he really didn't care about that anyway. For the
first time in a while, Scott spoke up. He told Crystal he
was only going to be there 10 more minutes. Then he would
untie her and the day would be over. Just the sound of the
guys voice made Crystal shake and sob even more. For the
first time in their marriage, Crystal had cheated on her
husband. Even though she was blackmailed, she could have
said no and didn't. This was what brought out most the new tears.

For five minutes or so, Crystal could sort of hear the guy
but she couldn't feel him. Scott wasn't touching her because
he was getting ready for the last hurrah of the day. He sat
the camera beside them and adjusted it very carefully. He put
it up on a small plastic bin that he moved from beside the
house. It took him a while to get the camera in the exact
position and to get it to stay there. Finally everything was
set. He parted Crystals tight legs and for the first time
let his fingers touch only the oily cunt lips of her pussy.
Her body must have moved a foot off the ground. She was very
shocked at the sudden touch to her pussy. She knew it would
probably happen, but when it did it surprised her. She dreaded
every second and the fingers explored her pussy lips and
finally parted them looking for her now wet pussy entrance.
The lotion had done it's work like a charm. The slippery
sunscreen had penetrated her lips and crack and soaked her
entire pussy. With just one push in the right spot, Scotts
middle finger disappeared up inside the hairless pussy.

It was then that Crystal felt the guy positioning himself
to fuck her. She was about to go crazy. She couldn't let the
guy fuck her. She wasn't on the pill and her husband just about
always used a rubber. She had been fairly cooperative up till
now but she had to speak out. With a very trembly voice, she
begged the guy not to fuck her. She would suck him again but
she wasn't on the pill and couldn't take the chance of getting
pregnant. The pleading in her voice was easy to detect. She
felt the guy get up and actually untie her hands. He then
did something she totally didn't expect. He put his dick
right into her hands. Scott's voice spoke up, you know what
this is. Crystal didn't say a word and Scott had to tell her
what she was suppose to feel. Can't you feel the rubber around
my dick? As soon as Crystal heard this, her hands did feel
the rubber and they checked it out very closely. It felt
like it was secure and totally on the guy. But without
seeing, Crystal was still very worried.

Scott quickly tied her hands back to the chair. I promise
you that I will wear a rubber. I'll let you check every time,
and in the future, if you promise never to move your arms
from above you head, I won't tie them to a chair. Crystal
was so worried. She was afraid the guy might pull the rubber
off. She pleaded with him that she promised not to try to
remove the blindfold. Just undo her hands so she could feel
better at what was about to happen. This wasn't in Scott's
plans for today, but he could tell by the way Crystal was
talking, this would make it much easier. He made her promise
to only put her hands where he asked. If she ever moved her
hands without his permission, they would be tied permanently.
Of course Crystal shook her head yes as fast as she could.
Scott got up and not only untied her hands from the chair,
but cut thru the tie strap that held both hands together.
Crystal was so happy to have her hands free. But she knew
not to move them until told. Scott moved back between her
legs and then guided one of her hands again to his dick.
Crystal felt around the very hard dick as good as she
could. There was definitely a rubber on it and the end
felt totally intact. Scott guided her hand to the top of
her stomach. Then he had ideals that this might even work
out better.

Of course Scott knew all the tricks. He had read so many
blackmail and sexy slut wife stories in the past two
weeks, he figured how to get around this problem. He had
even guessed before he got here that this would be a
problem. He made sure the rubber was pulled on very tightly
and it was unrolled all the way up to his balls. Then he
took the scissors that he had just used to cut Crystal free
and he cut the rubber from around his dick about 1/2 way
up his dick. The top half was now covered with the rubber
but the bottom half he easily pulled right off. He wasn't
going to cut Crystal even the slightest little break. In
less then a minute, he had his dick right at the lips of
Crystals pussy and he slowly pushed forward. Crystal felt
the tip of the dick and begged the guy to let her check one
more time. Scott pushed his dick in beyond the half way
point and heard Crystal again ask as begginly as she could.
Scott spoke up, I'll let you check one more time if you
promise to cooperate with me and do what I say. Otherwise
you will just have to hope the rubber is on.

With that Crystals mind really started to panic. She quickly
promised to cooperate, just let her make sure. Scott looked
down and his dick was a little over halfway in the bald
tight pussy. He picked up Crystals hand and guided it right
to his dick. She felt from the guys balls to the entrance
to her pussy. She could feel the rubber in place. It took
a huge load off her mind. It was then she felt her hand
again laid beside her and her legs being pushed up over
her head. She was being bent in half and it was opening up
her pussy for complete surrender to the guy on top of her.
She heard him tell her to keep her legs exactly in this
position and do not move them. Right before Scott had
started to fuck Crystal, he picked up the remote control to
the camera and pressed the record button. This camera was
so expensive that just about every option was available on
it. Every five seconds, the shutter would click until Scott
pressed the stop button. This meant a new picture was being
taken every 5 seconds. That's about 12 pictures per minute.
With as much memory as was in the camera, Scott didn't have
to worry about running out of space.

Scott then started to fuck the older school teacher as
fast as he could. His young unprotected dick drilled as
deep into the cunt as it could then Scott pulled it out till
even the tip was removed from her cunt. He used very long
deep strokes and it felt like melted button running all along
his dick. Luckily he had cum only 10 or 15 minutes ago. This
slowed down the nerve endings in the end of his dick. But
with four minutes, he rammed into Crystal as deep as he could
get and for the second time today, his young inexperienced
dick flooded Crystal with his hot gooey sperm. Scott picked
the pace right back up and what really amazed him was that
Crystal could not even tell that he had cum. He knew he had
covered the deep insides of her pussy with much more of his
young white goo, but Crystal didn't know it. He decided to
use this knowledge as a extra weapon against her. In one
quick stroke he pulled his dick out of her and quickly moved
back so none of the excess sperm would drop on her body.
It surprised Crystal when the guy just all of a sudden pulled
out. She could tell he never came because her husband always
shook real bad and she actually thought she would feel it. Of
course she couldn't, it was her husbands funny movement that
really gave it away each time he had fucked her.

Scott wiped off his dick and removed the rubber. Crystals
legs were still up by her ears and Scott told her to keep
them there. Crystal had a funny expression on her face but
she wasn't about to ask why the guy stopped. She was happy
he did. Then Scott slowly told her why he stopped. You had
been so cooperative today, I decided to pull out even before
I came a second time. I want you to stay like that and if
you do what I ask, I will not fuck you till I cum. This really
got Crystal's ears open. She would give anything if he
wouldn't fuck her. Scott grabbed Crystals fingers and guided
them to her pussy. He rubbed them up and down her pussy slit
and then told Crystal that the deal went like this. If
Crystal will keep rubbing her pussy and make herself cum,
he will call it a day. But if Crystal cant do it, or doesn't
want to do it, then he will finish fucking her until he
finally cums. Crystal couldn't believe the choice. She
definitely didn't want the guy to fuck her till he came but
at the same time, she couldn't masturbate herself in front
of him. Scott gave her no time to make the choice. He just
told her times up and he was going to fuck her and get his.

Crystal quickly spoke up, she would do as he asked. Her
fingers started rubbing between her lips and she didn't
even noticed how smooth her cunt was. She wasn't trying
to feel all around, she just wanted to get this over and
have the guy leave. Of course Scott picked the camera off
the box and turned it back to manual. He was now clicking
off all sorts of pictures of Crystal rubbing up and down
her wide open pussy. Scott didn't allow her to put her legs
down and her pussy was still high up in the air. This kept
all his sperm deep inside her. For five minutes Crystal
tried hard to make herself cum. Finally the feeling of her
fingers won out and her body shook as she exploded on her
own fingers. She soon stopped moving them all by herself.
The day for Scott was just about over. He let Crystal
put her legs down and he cleaned her pussy with a towel.
He then helped her up and actually guided her to the back
of her house. She was completely nude and she heard her
sliding glass door open. She was happy to get inside but
the guy had promised that the day was over and he should
be leaving about now.

Scott had one last thing to do. He guided Crystal to the
downstairs bathroom and she then heard the shower turned on.
Scott pushed her into the shower and then soaped her body
up really good. When she was totally soaped up including
soap in hair, Scott told her she would find a note under
her porch in the morning. He thanked Crystal for everything
then she didn't hear him talking anymore. Scott ran out
the back door, gathered up his stuff and disappeared out
the gate in the back of the fence. It only took him about
30 seconds to do that. For a good two minutes Crystal wasn't
sure if the guy was gone. She finally decided he was and she
rinsed off real quickly. It was then her hand touched her
cunt and when her eyes opened she couldn't believe how she
looked. All the hair around her pussy was missing. How could
he have done it. Then she remembered the lotion and slow
burning sensation. She had tried NAIR before and she knew
this was probably what he had done. How was she ever going
to explain this to her husband. She knew for a while, she
would just not let him see her. That wouldn't be too
unusual, at least not for a while.

Crystal was surprised she wasn't crying up a storm. She felt
miserable but the tears were somehow kept in check. She went
outside and picked up the blanket and her bikini. She looked
around but no other trace of the guy was there. She now went
inside and her mind only kept thinking of what she had done
today. It was like a slow motion reply. Only she didn't even
get to see it. All she did was feel everything that was
happening. But her mind was very happy the guy ended up not
fucking her till he came. That was the only victory she got
out of today. Now she worried about what she would find under
the steps tomorrow when her husband left for work. It would
only be Tuesday tomorrow. If the guy really made her do it,
she still had nine more days just like today. She wasn't sure
if she could ever survive that.....


When her husband came home she kept herself in check at all
times. Anytime she felt tears coming on, she would walk
upstairs to their bedroom until they disappeared. Many times
she wanted to just share with her husband the horror of the
guy blackmailing her. But if she wanted to do that, she knew
it should have been before this afternoon, not after she
allowed the stranger to fuck her. She really knew in her mind
now that she could never let her husband find out. Her husband
never really caught on and they went to bed around 11:00 pm.
Crystal's husband had to get up early and because of her very
long traumatic day, Crystal actually feel asleep pretty quickly.
She felt her husband getting out of bed the next morning. It
was still early, around 5:30 in the morning. She closed her
eyes for just a second and she never reopened them for another
three hours. It was around 8:45 when Crystal awoke. This was
very late for her. She was usually up around 7:00 each
morning. Now that school vacation was here, she didn't have
to go to school each day. She had about two months off before
that scene started up again. It then struck her like a bolt
of lightning. Yesterday and Today. Her eyes again filled with
fear.

She got up, threw on a housecoat and ran outside to the
front steps. She looked under them and sure enough another
envelope was there. Her hands started trembling as she
reached for it and took it inside. For the next hour she didn't
touch the envelope. She was afraid to. She took her shower,
ate a couple pieces of toast, then at about 10:30 she took
the envelope into the living room and opened it up. It wasn't
a long note this time, Crystal was to sit on the back porch,
put on her blindfold, and wait until the guy showed up. Again
she had to be there at noon. The note did not say anything
about wearing a bikini or anything special, just have the
blindfold on. Since it didn't ask her, she wasn't going to.
She put on blue jeans and a shirt and that was what she was
going to wear on this day. Of course with about an hour till
she had to be out there, the time ticked away very slowly. And
of course her stomach was in knots. Yesterday she somehow
got a little lucky in that the guy didn't even try to cum in
her. But how could she again get that lucky? She thought about
it as the hour slowly ticked by.

At just a few minutes before noon, Crystal got up, took the
blindfold and went out onto the back porch. It was about ten
minutes before she thought she heard the back gate to the
fence open. Then when she felt the hand on her shoulder, she
knew it was him again. All she heard was the same guy telling
her to take him upstairs to their bedroom. In a way this
really did sort of make Crystal happy, she thought it was way
too dangerous to do things outside in the middle of the day.
With school out, there was a huge chance that kids or her
next door neighbors might see her out in the back yard doing
things she would never normally do. Once they got upstairs,
Crystal was guided to the bed and told to sit down. Then Scott
went to her closet and really started to look around. At first
he didn't see anything that he was looking for. He then started
going thru some of the dressers. BINGO. There in the bottom
two drawers was all her "WAY TOO SEXY" clothes. He had seen
most of them in the pictures. These were the clothes her husband
had bought for her when she was really going out of her way to
please him. Sure Crystal had destroyed the film in the camera,
but she never went in and threw away the super slutty clothes
that she had. Now Scott had found them and was looking thru
them for something he liked.

It took a couple minutes for Scott to put together an outfit.
He picked the bright red maid outfit. It was not a cheap little
outfit, but a vinyl material with stockings, hat, and apron.
Everything was red except the hat and the apron. They were
bright white. Once he got them out he sat them on the bed
next to Crystal. The next thing Crystal knew, she was being
told to remove all her clothes. The start of her second day
of terror was now starting. She slowly unbuttoned her shirt
and removed it. Then came her pants and finally her undies.
She was completely nude and as much as Scott wanted to take
some pictures, he didn't do it because they were inside and
the radio wasn't playing to hide the camera's small clicking
sounds. Crystal now decided that she might pull off another
little victory today if she played her cards right. So far
she had not put up any type of fight, she might have been a
little slow undressing, but she didn't fight it even for a
second. As soon as she was nude, she wasn't sure what was
going to happen but the guy might lay her back and try to
fuck her real quick. Crystal decided to put her quickly thought
up plan into the action and prayed it might work.

Crystal slowly spoke out. It sort of took Scott a little by
surprise because she had not said a word so far. In a very
shaky voice, Crystal said she wanted to make a deal with
the guy. Of course Scott didn't want any deals because he
knew he could do about whatever he wanted, but he decided
to humor Crystal and told her to tell him the deal. Crystal
sucked in her breath and then said some words that even
amazed her. She told the guy she would do "EVERYTHING" he
asked and not question any of it. She will be very cooperative
and even be a sort of "WILLING" partner today. Of course this
caught Scott's attention immediately. Then the most important
part came out of Crystal's mouth. When it comes time for you
to want to fuck me, I want it to be like yesterday. I want
to be able to verify a couple times that you have a rubber on,
AND, I don't want you to cum inside me. Before you cum, pull
out and I will suck you or anything else you want. But I
promise to be 'Very Good' if you promise not to even try to
cum inside me, even though your wearing a rubber.

Crystal poured it on as much as she could, promising how much
she would cooperate and help out. She knew the guy could do
anything he wanted, but if she could keep him from Cumming
inside her, she would have a lot less to worry about and she
would gain her own little victory over the guy. She waited
a minute or so but never heard the guy speak. Of course Scott
was thinking it all over. Of course he knew he was going to
fill Crystal's cunt full of his sperm, but if he could make
her think he wouldn't, and she cooperates fully, his days
in the future would really be something. Finally Scott spoke
up, "I'll agree and keep my word as long as you really go all
out to please me, but if I think you have not tried, then the
deal will be off immediately and you know what that means".
Crystal's heart actually soared a little after hearing this.
It would be the only win she would ever get out of this. Her
whole mission was to make it thru the next 9 days and get
all the pictures back without her husband ever finding out.
Then hopefully all this would slip behind her without anyone
getting hurt except for her. And in her mind she thought she
sort of deserved part of what was happening for agreeing in
the first place to let her husband take those pictures. She
would pay her dues and put it behind her. Crystal was actually
blaming herself for what was happening. That's why putting up
a fight now didn't seem so important, just getting all the way
through it without anyone finding out and nothing bad happening
to her was her hopeful outcome.

They both agreed on the terms and Crystal knew for the next
45 minutes or so, she had to really be cooperative. She didn't
want the guy to think she was holding out or not trying. So
when the guy started to dress Crystal, she told him to just
hand her the outfit and she would go into the bathroom and
get it all on. Scott knew this could be a real turning point.
He carried everything into the bathroom, then pulled out
Crystal's makeup tray and sat it on the sink. He also put her
perfumes on the tray. He went back to the bed and guided
Crystal to the bathroom door. He then told her to close the
door, remove her blindfold, and put on the outfit. Then she
was to make her face up just like a hooker on a street would
look. And cover her body with her perfume. He also reminded
her of her deal and she better come out looking the way she
knew HE wanted her to look.

The door was closed and Crystal quickly removed her blindfold.
She then saw the maid outfit and had forgotten she even
owned it. There also was the makeup and perfume. She started
dressing and soon was to the makeup part. She remembered what
the guy said, 'Looking like a hooker'. She didn't really know
how to do it but she just started putting everything on her.
When she was done, she noticed it looked like she was going to
school or church. She realized she had only put her makeup
on normally. She just started going over everything and putting
on more coats. That's all she knew to do. The makeup was finally
really coated on her face. She hoped the guy would like it.
After spraying her body down, she looked in the mirror and
saw how little the outfit covered. Everything was on complete
display. The outfit didn't even come with undies so she was
totally on display from behind. Finally after about six minutes
in the bathroom, Crystal told the guy she was done. She put
her mask on and kept telling herself it was only 45 minutes.
Just do everything then get him out of here.

When the door opened the young Scott had never seen anything
so sexual in real life. The older girl who he had a crush on
was dressed just to be fucked. He now knew exactly why they
called it "FUCK ME" clothes. When he looked at her face, it
was just about like the pictures he had seen on the Web. She
really had done it just like he asked. He was so happy with
the look he actually spoke up and told Crystal she is keeping
her word nicely, and so will he. Of Crystal really was
happy because she needed her one victory today. She had
decided to win that one victory "ALL NINE DAYS" left. To do
this she knew she had to trade away something. The something
was her resistance. Really, even if she resisted, it would
still happen. But now, she had a small little piece of
control.

Scott grabbed the bed sheet off of Crystal's bed and then
guided Crystal down the stairs. Crystal didn't know where
they were going but was hoping maybe to the living room. It
did sort of let her down when she heard the sliding glass
door open. She realized they were again heading out to the
back yard. There next to the porch was again Scott's bag
of goodies and the first thing out was the camera. He
quickly asked Crystal where the radio was in the house and
he ran inside and got it. He needed the little bit of
background music to help cover things up. Crystal was still
standing in the doorway when the first pictures were snapped
of her from behind. Scott had already turned on the radio and
he had a great view of Crystal standing halfway out the
sliding glass door. Her ass was right there in view and
the outfit really stood out. Scott finally made up the little
area in the grass right in the middle of the yard. He then
guided Crystal over to it. After more pictures, he started
really testing Crystal. He had her bend over and look between
her legs, then stand with her fingers in her mouth and then
on her cunt lips. Of course the camera was having a ball. It
snapped off many pictures of the small show Crystal was now
performing. Crystal just assumed it was a test and she
wasn't going to fail it. Plus it was soaking up the time. She
knew the more time she wasted doing things like this, the
less time the guy would have to really play with her.

Scott finally set the camera up on the same container he
used yesterday and had Crystal drop to her knees. He aimed
the camera just the way he wanted and with the remote in
his hand, he zoomed in and out a few times. When he zoomed in
he got a very good close-up of her face. When he zoomed out,
he easily got her entire body in the picture. Quickly he
moved in front of Crystal and as he was doing it he unzipped
his pants and pulled out his hard and aching dick. Before
Crystal knew what was happening, Scott had his dick right up
to her brightly painted face and then pushed his dick right
into her soft red lips. Also right before he did that, he
put the camera into auto snap mode. One picture every five
seconds. Crystal first was caught off guard and surprised but
once she knew what was happening, she relaxed some. Then she
heard the guy speak, he wasn't going to move a muscle, he
expected her to really give him a great blow job. All Crystal
could think about was not making the guy upset. She slowly
started pulling her head on and off the dick now deeply in
her mouth.

The camera was getting some VERY GOOD pictures. Every ten or
fifteen seconds Scott would zoom it in all the way and the
lenses would show just Crystal's face sucking on a guys dick.
Then he would zoom out and get her entire body dressed like
a little sex maid sucking steadily on a strangers dick. Of
course this was Scott's first cum of the day and with the
sexy looking girl in front of him, he started to get that
feeling after just two minutes. His eyes started to fall
back into his head and he quickly hit the zoom button. All
the following pictures would be very close shots as the sperm
raced thru his dick and exploded deep down the throat of the
unsuspecting Crystal. Unlike her husband, Scott never let on
when he was about to explode. Crystal's husband always made
sounds and moved around as he came, but Scott just let the
feeling overcome him and Crystal was now busy swallowing as
much as she could. But after three quick swallows, Scott
pulled out and made sure his dick was aimed directly at his
cute slaves face. The next two or three squirts were blasted
all over the pretty painted face and the camera kept clicking
away catching all the gooey sperm running down her face.

It felt terrible to Crystal with all the goo running down her
face but she didn't move a muscle. She waited to her from the
guy before she did anything. Scott laid the girl back on the
blanket and kept his dick over her face. For the next minute
he allowed as much sperm as possible to drip from his dick and
land on her noise and mouth. Then when he was totally dry,
he got up and grabbed the camera off the tripod. Crystal's
face still had a lot of bright white cum all over it. Even
though she just swallowed three big mouthfuls. In a sudden move
that was not planned, Scott decided to try something that was
very dangerous. He stood behind Crystal and told her under
no circumstances was she to open her eyes. He made her agree
again that her eyes would remain closed. She didn't know why
because she had this big blindfold over her eyes. But with him
standing a little out of her view, he reached down and slowly
slid the blindfold up until her eyes were now in view. He
slowly peeked forward a bit and told her if she knew what was
good for her, she wouldn't open an eyelid. When he saw both
eyes tightly shut, he completely pulled the blindfold off her.
It surprised Crystal just as much as it did Scott. This was
not planned at all. But Scott quickly guided a finger to her
face and scooped up a bunch of the white gooey sperm. He let
it drip right onto her right eyelid. Then he got more and
did the same to the left. She had a small glob now in both
eyes. Scott felt just a little safer now.

He took this time to take quite a few pictures of Crystal
from all angles. Crystal felt terrible with all the goo on
her and she could feel the small puddles right over her eyes.
If she even opened them a little, all of that would cover
her eyeballs. She kept them as tightly closed as she could.
It was then she felt a hand guide her own hand to her pussy
but it was a little dry. She told the guy she was too dry
but Scott figured out what to do immediately. He told
Crystal he would use some of his lotion on her. But first he
would remove some of his goo from her face. Crystal definitely
liked the sound of this. Scott took a rag and removed two or
three larges gobs of sperm from the side of her face. He
didn't come close to the stuff in her eyes. It was still very
bright and easy to see. He next poured a little lotion onto
Crystals cunt and rubbed it around some. While he was doing
this he took the rag with the excess sperm on it and put it
right at the top of Crystal's pussy crack. While still rubbing
the lotion in, he allowed the very white sperm to slowly
drip off the rag and pool right at the very top of Crystals
pussy crack. When he got as much off the rag as he could, he
stood back and took a few more pictures. The white sperm
stood out against the still smooth hairless pussy.

It was then that he got his camera ready and told Crystal to
slowly start rubbing the suntan lotion up and down her pussy
lips. The camera clicked as Crystals finger started at the
top and immediately dipped into the white gooey sperm. She
then started rubbing the gooey substance up and down her
pussy slit. On one rub she got a huge finger full of cum and
Scott clicked off a picture as he told her to push her finger
deep inside her cunt. The white sperm was clinging to her finger
as she unwittingly pushed the goo right inside her pussy. When
her finger slid out, it was totally clean. Crystal continued
to rub and finger her cunt and the camera caught the white
look of all the sperm all around her cunt lips. Then Scott
told Crystal as soon as she could make herself cum, then they
would only have 10 minutes left. Crystal worked hard on getting
herself excited and it took about five minutes of rubbing.
Her lips and clit finally couldn't take anymore and her hips
actually came off the blanket as she made herself cum. The
pictures of her spread wide open and her hips six inches off
the ground were really going to be great. Finally she backed
off and moved her hand away. Immediately Scott wiped all her
fingers with a towel and cleaned up her pussy. He then
stood out of view, cleaned off her face and eyes and quickly
put the blindfold back over her eyes.

He then got ready for his last act of the day. He knew what
it was, and Crystal was sure she knew what it was, he just had
to get things ready. Again, he set his camera up to view
the blanket area nicely. He checked zoom and wide angles both.
When he was sure the camera was ready, he went over to where
Crystal was laying down on the blanket. He told her in less
then 10 minutes he would be gone, he was just going to finish
this day up just like yesterday. It was the first time Crystal
said anything since they began. She told the guy she had been
as cooperative as she could. Now it was his turn to hold up
his end of the deal. Scott knew what she was talking about.
He really made Crystal feel good when he promised to keep his
end of the bargain. In Crystal's mind, she was about to win
another victory. Scott pressed the remote control button and
the camera started it 5 second picture taking. He then had
Crystal move up onto her knees. He already had pulled on the
rubber and he let Crystal feel behind her and examine it
with her hands. She felt all over for about 20 seconds. Then
her hand dropped. Again she asked that the guy not cum inside
her even with the rubber on. Then she heard the guy tell her
he would keep his promise, so long as she continued to
cooperate. Right in front of the camera he snipped off the
rubber halfway up his dick, held it to Crystals pussy lips
and waited about 10 seconds to be sure the camera caught his
dick unprotected and about to enter her.

Then with a easy push his dick moved in. Scott made sure to push
in past the halfway point. Then he grabbed Crystal's hand and
guided it to his dick. Crystal knew this was her last chance
to check everything out. She again felt from the guys balls to
the point his dick disappeared inside her cunt. All she could
feel was the rubber. She knew she had won again. While she
was doing this, Scott picked up the cut off end and held it
dangling right behind her ass so the camera would catch the
ideal of what was happening. Once Crystal knew the rubber was
still on, she dropped her hand. She then heard the guy tell her
to start riding forward and backward and give him a good fucked
feeling for about four minutes. Then he would pull out way
before he came and the day would be over. Just like magic
Crystal started moving her hips forward and backwards. Scott
helped only enough to make sure his dick came just about all
the way out so the camera could see the rubber free end of his
dick, then all the way back in till he was buried balls deep.
Scott soon didn't have to move and Crystal was busy fucking
the stranger behind her. The little maids outfit and all the
makeup really did make her look like a slut. She fucked the
guy good just like he asked for, two, then three, then just
about four minutes.

Of course Scott's eyes were on the smooth hairless pussy of
the older teacher slowly pushing on and off his dick. The
sight was so sexual he had a hard time holding back. It was
right about four minutes when the huge surge built up in his balls
and for the second time today, his young body sent a large
amount of hot gooey sperm shooting from the tip of his dick
and spraying the hot wet insides of his little unknowing
slave's cunt. He was so good at not making any sudden sounds
or movements. With his eyes again open, he watched as the
school teacher kept moving on and off his pulsing dick.
It was milking him like a machine. Every time she pulled forward
it sucked whatever sperm was in his dick right out and up into
her cunt. Of course Crystal was starting to get worried. It
was about four minutes and she was still fucking the guy. She
prayed he would keep his word. Then it stopped as quickly
as it began. While she was pulling forward Scott at the same
time pulled back and his wet gooey dick slid way out and away
from Crystals cunt.

Crystal silently said 'Thank You' and Scott made sure none of
the dripping sperm would drop onto Crystal. He quickly told
her he kept his word and for her to stay still why he cleaned
her up. He toweled her down very good and wiped away as much
evidence as he could. He put all his things in his bag and
got everything ready to go. He then guided Crystal inside to
the bathroom just like yesterday. The routine was being set.
She was helped out of her maids outfit, put into the shower and
totally soaped up. She heard the guy tell her to remember to
look under her porch. Then with shampoo in her hair and soap
all over her, Scott was gone. He knew to disappear very
quickly and Crystal again waited a couple minutes before she
asked if he was still there. Once she knew he was gone, she
rinsed off very quickly and made sure her pussy and face were
totally clean. All this did was wipe away any last evidence
of what Scott had just done to her. But in her mind, it was
victory number two. She knew the second day was over. She wanted
to win the next 8 victories too. She was a little smug with
herself today. No tears, no pouts or cries. Just the wish to
win the victory she knew would keep her safe. If she had only
known how much of a loss she had really taken.

Scott went home and immediately downloaded all the new pictures
to his computer. He also started writing down how he wanted
tomorrow to go. Each day he wanted something different to
happen. He knew he had 8 more days and he wanted each one to
push his little slut teacher to a new level. Even if she didn't
know exactly what she was being made to do. At home, Crystal
was picking everything up and putting in back in it's proper
place. That night when her husband came home, he saw a totally
different woman then the night before. Crystal wasn't near as
down on herself and she was even acting halfway normal. That
was because Crystal really believed she had a chance of getting
all the pictures back and not ever getting discovered. She was
very worried about going in the backyard at noon everyday but
it was only for about 45 minutes to an hour max. She just might
escape all this with only a very bad lesson learned.

That night Scott stayed up very late trying to decide what he
wanted to do next. He had some awesome pictures of his
teacher fucking and sucking him and he wanted more then just
8 more days of this. He continued to look at pictures from the
web and read more sexy slut wife stories. It was about midnight
that he got the main idea for tomorrow. He was now very
excited about it and knew he would have to make a phone call
in the morning. If this worked out, he would have pictures to
kill for. It took him a couple hours to fall asleep. He would
have to start work early in the morning if he wanted to get
the new instructions over to the teachers house at a reasonable
time. The next morning he called information and found the
phone number that he was looking for. He was a little afraid to
call the number, but if he could make this work, he would have
something to always hold on to besides the normal pictures that
he now had. He was getting close to the 3000 mark in pictures
of the school teacher. He would have to delete some out because
they were out of focus or just no good, but he still had an
impressive array of pictures both before and after he started
her blackmail.

The next morning he called the person that he thought was perfect
for tomorrow. It took a little talking to get the person to
meet up with him. But at 9:00am in the morning, he was in front
of Jan's house. Jan was one of the known lesbians that only
hung around with girls. She was a senior and just graduated
also, but she had let all the guys know that she wasn't
interested in them. She was cute and drew a lot of attention,
but no guy had a chance. It took Scott a lot of talk to
convince Jan to even meet with him. But he promised that if
she did, it would be something she would be very happy about.
You see, Jan was on the girl's soccer team, and her coach just
happened to be Crystal. And halfway thru the season, Jan was
kicked off the team. Nobody knew why because the coach or Jan
didn't talk about it, but Scott sort of thought it was something
that Jan might like to get even about. He still didn't know
how to bring the subject up, but he had brought with him some
pictures of the teacher in the maids outfit with sperm all over
her. Of course Scott wasn't in the pictures, but it would prove
he had something over the schools soccer coach.

When he met Jan, he could tell she just wanted this to be over
and for him to get the hell out of there. But when she heard
the story from the beginning, she just couldn't believe it.
And when she heard her old teacher was his sex slave, she called
Scott a liar. Especially since the cute soccer teacher was
way too nice and really untouchable. It was then Jan got to see
the pictures. Without the blindfolds on, Jan could easily
tell it was Crystal. And her face was covered with makeup and
the obscene maid outfit in her own back yard. She knew these
were not fake pictures. She still didn't know why this guy was
here showing her this, even though she really did like looking
at the pictures. She finally turned to the guy and asked him
what he wanted. For five minutes he laid out the plan. He told
her at noon he would be with the school teacher and she would
be totally in his control. Now all Jan had to say was yes or
no to his plan. She thought about it long and hard, but then
she asked a question, "and I will get a copy of every picture
you take today"?

As soon as Jan asked Scott that question, Scott knew he had a
chance. He quickly spoke up, Yes, you get a copy of everything
we take today, but you can never let her know you were there.
That's something you have to promise. It took Jan about five
minutes, but this was a woman 10 years older then her. All the
girls she had been with had been her age. She finally couldn't
think she could pass it up. She quickly agreed and Scott set
it up for her to be outside the fence about 12:15 today. He
would leave the gate slightly ajar and she could peek in and
wait for him to wave her over. He had to leave to write the
note up real quick. He was so happy with himself. He was
really scared what would have happened if she said no, but like
him, she was not going to pass this chance up. He got home, wrote
the letter and told Crystal to again be sitting on the back
porch with the blindfold on, but before she came out, she was
to have her pussy shaved smooth. If she didn't, there would
be no deals today. He knew how much she had cooperated when
they made their deals, so he would of course agree to the same
deal today if she wanted.

He was so late getting to her house today. Usually he would
put the note under the porch, but he knew she could be waiting
to spot him. So today he put the note right against her back
fence. Not even in the yard, but hidden enough so a normal
person couldn't see it. He then went to a pay phone and
told Crystal via the phone where to get the note. It really
surprised Crystal that the guy knew her phone. But it wasn't
unlisted, so she figured he just looked it up in the phone
book. Her caller-ID didn't help her any. Once she hung up
she ran out and found the note. She went back in and didn't
have to wait to open it. She felt like she had just a little
control of everything. The note didn't surprise her except
the part where she had to reshave her pussy. The stubs were
just starting to come back. She was hoping her husband would
never get to see her completely bald. But one thing that did
perk her up just a little was about the deal maybe happening
again. If she could pull that off, her battle for the third
day would be successful. She actually was able to function
some today while waiting. Sure she was scared and worried,
but not like the first two days.

At 11:30 she went upstairs, jumped in the shower and did just
what the guy asked. All her black stubble was shaved off and
flowed down the drain. She was again as smooth as a baby. She
then just threw some pants and a shirt on because she knew she
would be pulled out of them immediately. At noon she was on
the back porch with the blindfold on. Today Scott was there
waiting. As soon as she sat down, he was in the gate and
up to her house. Again, just like she thought she was led
upstairs. Once she was seated on the bed she again spoke up
but it was very softly and in a way she hoped would not upset
the guy now looking thru her drawers. She reminded him of how
well she cooperated last time and said she would do the same
today if he would agree to the same deal as last time. Then
she shut up and waited for an answer. From the way the little
note read earlier, the guy seemed like it was something that
he would be ok with, but so far no answer came to her question.

Scott was sort of letting her stew just a little. Plus he was
again looking at all the assorted outfits in her two drawers.
This time he wanted something that said slut even more then
yesterday. He found just what he was looking for. A small
micro mini black skirt, a red thin see thru shirt, and red
thigh high fishnets. This skirt was not one you could wear
out, it was a sluttish inside the house type outfit again
bought by her husband when he was taking all the original
pictures. She had only worn it about three times before. But
it most definitely would give her the slutty girl look that
Scott was hoping to achieve. He grabbed the clothes and this
time looked in her closet for some shoes to go with the outfit.
Sure enough, up high on the shelf was three shoe boxes. When
he pulled them down, they were obscenely high shoes that Scott
had seen in some of Crystal's earlier photos. The second box
had the red pair he wanted. They had some really fancy straps
that went around her ankles twice and it made the outfit even more
sexy. He now put all the clothes in the bathroom, and went over
and sat right next to Crystal. For the first time today he
spoke up. He told her if she really did cooperate today, and
tried extra hard to participate, he would agree to the terms
of the deal. But he explained how hard it was to quit before
he came and he would only do it if she really was cooperative.

Of course Crystal spoke right up and said she would be. It
was then she was guided to the bathroom and told to change
into the clothes in there, and to make her face up just about
the same as last time, only a little more makeup. And also
lots of sweet smelly perfume. Crystal didn't say a word as the
guy closed the door and Crystal knew she could take off the
blindfold. Without even looking at the clothes, she wondered
how she could put more makeup on. She really poured it on last
time, but she was going to try. She again wanted to win the
final battle of the day. So far she had been 100% successful.
It was then she saw the outfit and remembered the three times
or so before her husband had her dress in it. The skirt did
not cover the bottom of her ass cheeks. It was only about
six inches long. It wasn't meant to cover them, it was a
'FUCK ME NOW' skirt'. She decided to do her face first today.
It took her about 7 or 8 minutes just to do her face. She
redid it many times to get the look she knew the guy wanted.
It was really packed on her. Finally she started slipping the
clothes on. She hated the shoes the most. The straps were
really had to do and the heels were stiletto and about 4 inches
high. They hurt her to walk in because they were so thin.

Scott had been very patient. He knew how much the teacher had
tried to please him yesterday, so he didn't think she was in
there messing around. It took her about 12 minutes to say she
was ready. She finally pulled the mask over her eyes and opened
the door. The smell hit Scott right away. It was very very nice
and she had put a lot on just like he requested. When he got
his first look, the skirt didn't even cover the bottom of her
pussy. It really was there for show only. And the see thru
top showed her boobs off really nicely. With the first few
steps she took, Scott saw the problem she had walking. He had
to help her down the stairs. Of course again Crystal hoped they
would stay inside, but she didn't say a word as the sliding
glass door was opened. Just like last time Scott had her wait
right in the open door and he turned on the radio and took
a few pictures of her from behind. Her ass was halfway showing
and you could see the open backyard in the background. Finally
he went to help her out. He had much more planned for today
and hoped that his assistant really did find the place and show
up.

He wasn't disappointed there for Jan had been peeking over the
fence and just could not believe it when the school teacher
showed up in the open door dressed the way she was. It was no
bullshit, the young kid really did have her as a slave. She
quietly opened the gate and walked in. Scott had brought the
bedspread out with him again and was just in the process of
making up the play area. When he saw Jan out of the corner of
his eyes, they both got huge smiles on their faces. This was
going to be some hot hour with the older hot sexy school teacher.
Just like discussed earlier, Jan never said a word and watched
the boy put her ex-soccer coach in any position he wanted. He
motioned Jan over away from Crystal and quietly showed her the
camera and told her how to aim it and press the shutter button.
Then he told her for the first part of the hour, just snap as
many pictures from as many different positions as possible. It
was going to be really nice to have a helper.

Immediately Scott went to work. Just like yesterday, Crystal
was put on her knees and with the slutty looking outfit on,
Scott quickly had his dick out of his pants and deep into
Crystals mouth. Scott just had to tell Crystal once to suck him
off good and Crystal went into action. Jan could not believe
the power the boy had over the much older woman. Everything
Scott said the schoolteacher did immediately. She was sucking
him off right in the middle of the back yard. She could hear
an occasional car drive by or kids yelling a few yards over.
She wondered how the schoolteacher could ever let this happen.
Jan took pictures from every angle of the soccer coach sucking
on the boys dick. Then when the schoolteachers face changed
and her sucking changed, she understood that the boy was filling
her mouth with cum. It was all so much of a turn on for the
young girl. She had of course never seen such a live show in
her life. And just like the last two times, Scott made sure
to save the last part of his sperm for Crystal's very made up
face. In just seconds, white gooey sperm was running down her
face and Jan got close and clicked off many pictures. Finally
Scott allowed Crystal to lay back down on the blanket. He
didn't even clean the sperm off her face.

He then motioned Jan over and grabbed the camera from her. He
then whispered in her ear, you've got ten or fifteen minutes,
she's all yours. Jan was too amazed to believe it. She had been
with quite a few other girls in the last three years but never
did she have complete control to do ANYTHING without having to
think about the other person's feeling. This was sort of a dream
come true. Jan let her fantasies just take over. Soon she was
between her old coaches legs and had them spread out fairly
far. Scott took Crystal's hand and put them above her head and
told her not to move them. Then after about 20 seconds, Crystal
felt him between her legs. She didn't know what to expect but
what happened next sort of took her by surprise. She felt
something on her freshly shaved pussy lips and quickly found out
it was the guys tongue. He was slowly running it up and down
her slit. Then she felt his hand pull her knees up and move
her into just the position he wanted. Then the attack on her
pussy and clit started for real. In less then a minute Crystal's
cunt was starting to flood the tongue working on it. Crystal
didn't know the guy could be so good. He found every little
spot that really turned her on. Of course it wasn't Scott but
Jan doing all the licking. And she had licked plenty of girls
before and knew exactly what really turned them on.

Scott was snapping picture after picture of the young girl
servicing the older school teacher. It only took about three
minutes. It really surprised Crystal how fast her body betrayed
her. By now her hips started to rise and she really wanted to
tell the guy not to stop. It felt that good. But she didn't
let out a word. She could stop from talking but she couldn't
stop her body from Cumming. When it hit it completely overtook
her body. She shook and her hips moved up and down to the feel
of the young girls tongue. She exploded and her cunt released
so much hot sweet liquid that Jan licked till it was completely
gone. When Jan finally lifted up, Scott had to take a picture
of all the wet moisture that was now all over Jan's face. She
had a huge smile and loved doing this to the teacher that had
kicked her off the team. She didn't want to stop. She started
finger fucking Crystal just so her time wouldn't end. After
a few pictures of her doing this, Scott finally motioned for
her to get up. He figured her time was up but she motioned him
over and begged to have some more time. It was then Jan said
she could get him some pictures he would not be able to get
otherwise. Of course this really interested Scott and he said
he might give her another 10 minutes. As soon as he said that
Jan disappeared and ran over to Crystal.

She didn't say a word to Crystal but helped her up and posed
along side her. Scott did snap some pictures but wasn't sure
this is how he wanted to spend his time. But then Jan pinned
Crystals hands behind her back with one of her hands. Now
that Crystal couldn't touch Jan, Jan moved up and pushed her
lips directly on Jan's lips. She was forcing Jan to kiss her
back. Jan started French kissing Crystal and it was a total
surprise to Crystal. She didn't want to kiss the guy but she
had to keep up her end of the deal. For a couple minutes Jan
forced the action and Scott filmed the two girls kissing very
closely. Only Crystal couldn't even imagine she was kissing
another girl. And especially not one she had kicked off the
team only six months ago. When Jan looked over to the boy, she
could tell he was again about to stop her. She was having just
so much fun, she looked around for something that she could do
to keep the boy from stopping her. She quickly thought of
something that would probably shock him but that he would love.
She started walking Crystal around the yard. Crystal had
trouble walking with the super high heels and the blindfold on.
But she had not made any trouble so far today and was not about
to now.

At first Scott didn't understand what was happening and he
wanted to get Jan's attention to tell her to bring Crystal back
to the blanket. But the walking continued and Jan would turn
Crystal around every now and then which got her a little mixed
up about where she was in the yard. Then Jan turned to the boy
and waved him over with his camera. Very quietly Jan looked
over the fence right there where the large back gate was. She
looked both ways and nobody was close. In what really shocked
Scott, she quietly pulled open the gate and stood with Crystal
right in the middle of the open gate. Scott quickly took some
pictures as it was easy to see that Crystal was on show to
anybody out on the main street. The skirt didn't even cover
her pussy or ass. Scott got much closer and took more pictures.
This was very exciting but super dangerous at the same time.
Then Jan looked behind her one last time and still saw no cars
or people. In a quick turn around, she actually guided the
school teacher out of the gate. They were now on the other side
of the fence. Scotts hand actually shook as he took pictures
while Jan again forced her lips up to the teachers mouth. They
were standing right next to the main street behind Crystals
house and anybody could turn the corner in a car or bicycle
and catch them out there.

Scott really clicked off the pictures then to his great relief,
Jan brought Crystal back in thru the gate. Quickly Scott closed
the gate very quietly and Jan guided the school teacher back
to the blanket and sat her down. Jan couldn't tell the young
boy but her cunt had flooded her undies. She was so turned on
she couldn't take it. She wanted relief also but knew now was
not the time. Scott guided Jan back over to the house and told
her that was a super sexy performance. It was now time for her
to leave so Scott could have his time with her. Jan quietly
pleaded and begged to stay. Scott wasn't sure he wanted her to
see the ending of the day, but when Jan told him if she could
stay and watch, tomorrow she would come back and he could film
both the girls nude together. That did the trick. Scott could
not pass that up and shook his head yes. This seemed to only
be getting better and better.

Scott handed the camera to Jan and told her to just watch and
snap. That was it. With Jan shaking her head yes, Scott walked
back over to the slutty dressed Crystal now sitting on the
blanket. Scott told her she was perfect today not complaining
and walking around not trying to stop him. So he was going to
do his thing and let her alone for the rest of the day. Crystal
knew what this meant and when she heard the guy say the deal
was still on, she didn't worry that much about it. Jan watched
as Scott rolled a rubber on his dick. Jan was excited about
watching the young boy fuck the super slutty teacher. Jan's
panties were soaking wet from all the precum that dripped out
of her own pussy. But watching a guy get ready to fuck was also
very exciting. She had never been fucked by a guy, but had been
fucked by most her really close girl friends. Jan watched the
small game that was taking place. Scott put Crystal on her
knee's and right before he was about to fuck her, he grabbed
Crystals hand and Jan watched Crystal really explore the dick
with the rubber on it. She had no way of knowing why Crystal
was doing this.

After Crystal stopped and moved her hand away, Jan was sort of
awe struck when the boy grabbed some scissors and cut half the
rubber away. He held the cut off part next to his dick and had
Jan take a couple pictures. Then he guided his dick right to
the entrance of the schoolteachers pussy. In something that
Jan had never witnessed, a real boys prick was pushing into
Crystal's hot wet cunt and was prying the lips apart. Then once
the boy was in about half way, he stopped and again the
school teacher had to feel his dick for about 10 seconds. Jan
still didn't know what was going on. But once Crystal removed
her hand, Scott told Crystal to fuck him good and he would keep
his promise. Right on command Jan couldn't believe it when the
older woman she knew so well started to grind forward and
backwards onto the boys dick. Jan did her part and took pictures
from all angles. It only lasted less then five minutes when
she saw the boys close his eyes and his face changed as he
must have been coming deep inside the older schoolteacher.
Jan also noticed that he did not pull out and she knew he
wasn't wearing any protection now that he had cut it off.
Very quickly he saw the boy pull out and she got just a
couple pictures of the sperm starting to just ooze out before
the boy wiped her pussy clean with a towel. She didn't
understand all the ending stuff but it was still very hot to
watch.

Finally the guy asked Jan to leave because he was packing up
and would be out of there in less then ten minutes. Jan asked
if he would again stop by her house later on in the day. Scott
shook his head yes and then started guiding Crystal back into
the house. The rest of the day was a complete repeat of the
first two. Shower, soap, shampoo, and a getaway. Also the same
reminder to check under her porch. Day three was now complete.
Scott left quickly with his stuff and Crystal cleaned up and
picked up all the stuff left outside. She also put up the
outfit she had to wear today. She sort of thought today was the
easiest day yet. She reminded herself that three days were done
and she only had 7 to go. Seven days till her life would return
to normal and this would only be a bad lesson to remember. Just
like she taught her kids at school. Not all lessons might be
good, but they are still lessons to learn by. Crystal really
learned a lesson with all this happening to her. Scott decided
to get the visit to Jan's out of the way. He wanted to go look
at the pictures, but that all changed when he got to Jan's. Jan
actually invited him into her house and up to her room. It was
there they both looked over the very hot pictures. Scott was
amazed at the chance they took taking Crystal outside her own
back yard. But that was the most exciting part to Jan. She loved
thinking that the teacher might actually get caught. Of course
she didn't relay this little fact to the guy in her room.

As the pictures were being displayed on her TV, Jan started to
really talk to the guy. She just now found out his name was
Scott. She tried to sort of take over the talking. She needed
so badly to become part of all this. It was the most exciting
thing she had ever seen. But up until today, she had never wanted
to be around any guy. For the first time ever, she had other
thoughts if it would help her have access to the slave school
teacher. Jan played it up slowly, she reminded Scott that
tomorrow she would also be nude as long as she could again come
over and help. Scott didn't tell her but he couldn't wait for
that. A second girl nude would really be something. Then Jan
started feeling Scott out. Finally, she asked Scott what it
would take to really make her a total partner. She wanted to
be there everyday and also have half the time to do anything
she wanted with her old school teacher. Scott didn't have an
answer for that. He didn't really want to share the teacher
and finally just sort of came out and said that. Jan was very
disappointed but had not given up yet. She again said there
must be something I could do for you that would allow me to
become part of this. It was only then that Scott really caught
on that Jan was opening herself up to him. He just had to
ask her in the right way.

Scott tried to format a response but nothing came up. Jan was
hoping he would ask for something. She wanted nothing more to
have this experience for some time to come. Of course she didn't
know there were only seven days left and all this would come to
an end. Scott couldn't think and finally just blurted out that
Jan would have to tell him things that she might do and then
maybe, just maybe, she would say something he was interested in.
This isn't at all the way Jan hoped it would go. But Scott was
getting close to getting up and leaving. He was already
starting to disconnect his camera equipment. Slowly Jan went into
a routine that she could not believe she would ever do. As much
as she disliked guys, she was about to plead with a guy and tell
him all the things she would be willing to do just so she could
have the schoolteacher anyway she wanted to. At first Jan
stumbled along. She could stay undressed a lot in front of Scott
whenever she was over there. She noticed Scott didn't really
seemed impressed with this. She then said that she could maybe
let Scott play around a little with her after she was done
playing with the schoolteacher. Now this perked Scott up some but
he didn't allow it to show in front of Jan.

Jan finally said something that even shocked her, she told Scott
she could also suck him off every time she was there. Scott now
knew he was going to say yes, but in a move that was bad for
Jan but great for Scott, Scott didn't say yes right away. He
was about to but was just thinking how nice it would be to have
this guy hating girl actually sucking him off for seven days.
While he was thinking of the good things, Jan actually took this
delay as a no. Her mind still remembered how great a time she
had controlling the older woman and showing her off outside her
own yard. Just seconds before Scott was about to say yes, Jan
let go with her only hope. She quietly spoke up and said that
she too could be controlled by Scott just like the school teacher
was, but only if she got full control half the time of the
schoolteacher. Scotts face went into a shocked look of disbelief.
Did the lesbian girl really say he would be Scott's slave too?
Now Scott didn't hold up for a second. He quickly came out and
said he would accept the deal, but Jan really had to be in
his control and had to obey and react just like the school
teacher was doing.

Jan's face both lit up and went into shock. She was giving
control away to a guy, who she didn't know, and who she
always said she would never be with just so she could have
complete access to her ex-soccer coach. She knew what this
meant. She also knew she never felt as in-control as she did
walking the school teacher around and kissing her out in public.
Scott told her if she really meant it, they would work this
out a little differently. So that none of them lost time with
the schoolteacher, Jan had to let him come back to her place
after each outing and she had to obey him for 30 minutes. No
matter what he asked, no matter how much she didn't want to do
it. He would treat her no differently then the school teacher.
BUT, she would be given most the time with the school teacher
since he knew he had time with her later. Jan's mind didn't
understand what he was saying as she quickly agreed. All Jan
thought about was the school teacher, but Scott was thinking
again of Cumming now deep inside a second unprotected pussy.
He knew there was no reason for Jan to be on the pill or
protected since she had never liked guys. And Scott was
completely right, Jan wasn't on the pill and never did have to
worry about it. But her mind didn't think about it right then.
She just was happy she was going to get most the time. That was
a great plus!

Soon Scott was gone and Jan had time to think about everything.
She couldn't get out of her mind the sexy school teacher or
how great it was to lick her pussy without the school teacher
knowing it was her doing it. All that brought out a desire in
Jan she never knew she had. She couldn't think of nothing else.
She forgot all about the promise to Scott. That day all three
of them really thought they had gotten thru the day with
excellent results. Crystal didn't think she had to do that much
and the guy didn't stay inside her till he came, Jan was happy
that she was going to have a lot of control over the school
teacher and couldn't wait for tomorrow. But it was Scott who
came out the best. He now had two women that he could do anything
he wanted with. And the second one begged him to allow it. He
just didn't think it could get any better. Scott didn't even
try to work on a large note, just wrote for Crystal to again
reshave and be on the porch at noon. He got the note there very
early in the morning before anyone would be up. Now he just had
to wait till noon. He had also promised to pick Jan up at 11:30.
They would do everything together now and he had to make her
some cdroms with many of the pictures on them. He wanted her to
be happy so she wouldn't back out of her deal either.

At 11:30 he picked up Jan and together they waited hidden
outside the back fence of Crystal. It was exactly noon she sat
down on the porch. Day four was beginning. Jan followed Scott
as he took Crystal upstairs. They turned the radio on earlier
then normal to cover some of the sounds. Jan watched Scott
open the drawer and pull out about five different outfits.
But this time he let Jan pick the outfit. Jan picked out a
black strap outfit that was made of straps that went all over
Crystals body. Of course it didn't cover her ass, pussy or tits
but it sort of looked like the webbing you sometimes saw trucks
use as tailgates. She also saw a black thick collar and picked
that out. Then Scott showed Jan the three boxes with tall
high heels in them. Today was black day so of course Jan picked
the tall black ones. Once she picked them out, Scott took them
and put them in the bathroom and told Crystal she now had the
routine down. If she cooperated, the deal was again on. Jan
had forgotten to ask about that. She didn't know what the DEAL
was. Crystal shut the door and started doing her thing. This
strap outfit she only wore once because it took her so long to
figure out how to put it on. But the delay was great news to
Scott.

He was already pulling another outfit out of the drawer. Before
Jan knew what was happening, the tiny dress outfit that she
saw Crystal wearing was laying on the bed beside her. At first
she didn't understand, but then her first command from Scott
was issued. Put it on. The horror of what she now had to do
hit her square on. Scott was still right there in the room and
she had to undress and put on the slut outfit from yesterday.
She wasn't sure she could do it. Scott saw her not really moving.
This would be her test. He walked up close and whispered in her
ear, if you want to have Crystal most the day, put it on before
she gets out of the bathroom, otherwise, just go ahead and leave.
It was an all or nothing proposal. It was then Jan knew she
wanted to be with Crystal, so right in front of a guy, she
began to undress. Scott watched and even snapped a few pictures.
Jan knew there was nothing to fight about if she wanted to be
part of things, so soon she was naked and getting a few pictures
taken of her. Then the outfit started to go one. It was so
humiliating thinking she was in the slut outfit that Crystal was
in yesterday, but soon it was on and as a last insult, the very
tall red high heels were brought out. She knew she was under the
gun and she slowly slid on the teachers slutty shoes too. They
were about a size too big but they were still wearable.

Just about that time, Crystal opened the door. The outfit made
her look like she was ready for a bondage outing. It was a
totally different look but still very sexual. Now Crystal was
led down first being helped by Scott, and Jan had to fumble down
the stairs in her high stiletto heels. She had never in her
life been dressed like this. But she would soon forget about
her clothes. Once they were in the backyard and on the blanket,
Scott kept his word and turned Crystal over to Jan. Once Jan
started working on Crystal, she forgot all about how she was
dressed. But her cunt and ass was right there on view for both
the camera and Scott's eyes. Soon Crystal was on her knees
and Scott watched as Jan moved up behind her. The camera
took picture after picture of Jan slowly licking around Crystals
cunt. She wasn't yet slipping her tongue up her teachers crack.
She was just slowly bringing the teacher up into a much higher
state of sexual awareness.

Without ever touching her slit, Jan was able to get Crystal
to completely soak her cunt lips. Jan could see all the hot
wet moisture form on Crystal and soon her tongue would dive in
and enjoy the sweet taste. Jan was again so turned on she didn't
know if she could stand it. Snapping pictures of it all, Scott
quickly saw the moisture now running out of Jan's pussy also.
Jan's pussy was half way shaved. The hair above her cunt was
still there and full but from her crack down, she was as smooth
as Crystal. This is how most her lesbian girlfriends kept their
cunts. It made it much nice to lick and taste. It was then that
Scott went and grabbed the container from the side of the
house and set the camera up sort of to the side of the two girls.
He grabbed his remote and quickly hit the record button. Again
every five seconds, the lens would open and close and take a
picture. Jan was just now about to run her tongue down the long
shaved slit of Crystal's pussy. It was loaded with wet gooey
moisture and when Jan's tongue hit it, Jan had to let out a
little sigh. Jan's own pussy was completely soaked and she too
was hot as a pistol. But the only thing at this moment on Jan's
mind was the hot cunt she was just now tasting.

It came as a huge shock. Jan's mind was really out there floating
and her eyes were closed as she ran her tongue thru the great
wet juices that flooded out of Crystals cunt. Then in one quick
movement, she felt hands on her hips and her legs being spread
apart a little. Just enough for Scott to move in behind her.
Both Crystal and Jan were on their knees and Jan had her head
buried right between Crystals spread out legs. Now without
knowing what was happening, Scott was spreading open Jan's legs
some. Finally Jan didn't feel Scott there anymore and her mind
worked again at the sweet taste now entering her mouth. But it
was only two seconds later she felt a touch and then a shove.
It took Jan's breath away but suddenly her pussy was pried
apart and something was shoving it's way up her cunt. She
started to lift her head up away from Crystal's pussy lips but
a hand was right there and pushed her head deeper into Crystals
cunt. At the same time she heard Scotts voice, stay still and
keep your promise. Crystal thought Scott was talking to her
and she knew she wasn't going to move, but it was Jan who knew
he was talking to her. The hand on her head was strong and
her face was pressed deep into Crystals cunt. Slowly she felt
the pressure on her head released. She also felt the sawing
motion in her cunt. She knew she was being fucked for the first
time in her life. At least the first fuck by a guy.











Scott slowly continued to release the pressure on Jan's head.
She did not seem to pull up so he completely moved his hand.
Jan thought about the dick in her but she also tasted the
sweet juices that the teacher was now flooding her mouth with.
The teacher was pretty close to Cumming and the juices were
now hot and tasty. Jan had to make a decision quickly, but
when a huge sweet tasting shot of liquid hit her tongue, she
just forgot about the dick plowing into her. She started
working hard on Crystal trying to make her cum. At the same
time Scott couldn't believe he was fucking a second girl that
he knew really hated guys. Just about then Jan was rewarded
with Crystals body shaking and just about ready to explode on her
tongue. She was being fucked but her mind was totally on what
she was doing. She really didn't have time to think of what
Scott was doing. When Crystal started to come, her entire
body started moving up and down and shaking from side to side.
Of course Jan had to keep her tongue up with Crystals moving
cunt if she wanted to get all the hot juices that were pouring
out.

Moving her head to keep up with Crystal also moved Jan's ass
all around. Scott knew that was it. Why Jan was busy lapping
up the sweet juices, his dick exploded and he gave Jan her
first sperm bath ever. Just like when he was doing it with
Crystal, his movement never changed and he made no noises. Jan's
cunt constantly sucked all the sperm right out of Scotts still
pumping dick. It was then that Scott got another ideal. He
again spoke up and said "please don't disappoint me, don't
move till I tell you". Of course Crystal wasn't going anywhere,
she was still Cumming herself. But Jan knew this was being
spoken for her benefit. At that very moment, Jan felt a hand
on her pussy. She was still licking the sweet cum off of Crystal
but a finger now started rubbing up and down her cunt. She had
been so worked up that the finger made her cunt pour out the
hot liquid. She could even feel it running down her legs. She
didn't know that it was Scotts sperm that was running down her
legs. Jan slowed down on the licking but only for about 20
seconds. Then the finger rubbing her cunt really took effect.
She was still being fucked but the finger and her mind could
take it no longer. To her amazement, her body started to shake
and she came harder then she could ever remember. And this is
with a guy fucking her from behind. Of course her orgasm now
had the effect of even sucking the sperm deeper up inside her.
She didn't feel anything but the huge release that she really
truly needed. Then as quickly as it started, it was over.

She felt a towel between her legs then she knew Scott had
moved away. Her head was still spinning from the best orgasm
she thought she had ever had. She finally moved her head
away from Crystals cunt and started standing up. Scott had
already zipped up and grabbed the camera off the improvised
stand. Jan couldn't believe what had just happened. Scott
came over and told her not to waste time, to continue to do
what she wanted with Crystal. Now that Scott had fucked Jan,
he was saving his last turn for Crystal. Jan turned Crystal
over and laid sort of at her side. She guided Crystals hands
above her head and just like yesterday, started making out with
her. Again, Crystal didn't want to really make out and kiss the
guy, but she knew the rules and didn't complain and tried to
help. The girls kissed pretty heavily for three or so minutes
with Scott capturing it all with his camera. This time both
girls were dressed very slutty. When Jan was done, she had
the same ideal in her head as yesterday. To show the teacher
off outside of her yard. But she remembered she was dressed
just as bad.

Jan remembered how great it felt to take Crystal out of the
yard. Even though Jan wasn't dressed nicely, she decided to
try it again. She walked Crystal around the yard and both girls
really did have hard times walking in the high shoes. Scott
had a field day with the camera. He knew right towards the end
what Jan was doing. He couldn't believe she would go out of the
yard because her tiny skirt didn't cover her ass either. But he
watched as Jan looked down the street both ways and slowly and
quietly opened up the gate. In 10 seconds both girls were outside
the fence. Jan couldn't take her on the street because Crystal
would know she wasn't on grass any longer. But Scott did cross the
street to take pictures from there. Jan looked around and
didn't see anything so she started to kiss Crystal again while
holding Crystals hands behind her back. Again these were very
hot pictures. Crystals outfit was really like she was nude.
If anybody came around the corner, they would see all of Crystal
immediately. But Jan's outfit was also far too short. It
would probably take them a little while to believe their eyes.
Of course Jan would get both the girls back inside immediately
if even a hint of anybody turned up.

After about three minutes, Jan felt the rush just like she
did yesterday. It was as I watched Jan lead Crystal back in
that my mind got a very wicked ideal. I had to try this even
though I knew Jan would hate it once it happened. The girls
got inside and I watched Jan sit Crystal down. I pulled Jan
aside and whispered to her. I asked her how she would like
to have 100% of today and tomorrow to be complete charge
of Crystal. A big smile came to her face. She whispered 'what
do I have to do'? I told her to again get behind Crystal and
slowly lick her pussy as I take pictures again. I also told her
she had to do this for ten minutes without stopping. If she
would do this, I would give her 100% of the time today and
tomorrow. This was nothing to Jan and she quickly agreed. Before
Crystal knew what was happening, Jan had flipped her and slowly
started to lick her already very sensitive pussy. This was a
bit unusual for Crystal, but she thought in her mind that it
must have been a first for the guy and he just couldn't get
enough. She didn't care because it was eating up the time for
today. And the soft tongue really did feel good the way the guy
used it.

With Jan busy, I set the camera up and turned it to auto.
I then unzipped my pants and watched the girls for just a
couple minutes. I soon had a raging hard on and poor little
Jan was about to get another rude awakening. Just like last
time she felt my hands on her legs spreading them and then just
as quickly my dick was sliding between her legs. I watched
her head to see if she would stop licking Crystal. This time
she didn't try to stop. She didn't want me back there but at
the same time, she wanted 100% of the time with Crystal. She
really was having a ball. I started slamming into Jan long
and hard. Her cunt was very moist from my first load of cum.
But this time I had a paper towel in my hand. Why I fucked
Jan I was busy folding and rolling it up. Jan never lifted
her head. I used my hands on her hips and rode her deep and
quickly. I wanted to cum as quickly as I could. Thinking about
what I wanted to do was enough to make my balls start to
twinge. Just about ten seconds later, my balls erupted for
the second time. Jan continued to lick her coach and I really
don't think she knew she had a second spermal deep up inside
her. But that was soon to change. Neither Jan or Crystal was
close to Cumming. I fucked Jan another minute till I knew all
my sperm was pumped up into her. Then I quickly pulled out but
I replaced my cock with the waded up paper towel.

I then slowly pulled up on Jan's head and she knew I wanted her
to quit. I told her to slide to the side of Crystal and not
to feel her pussy for a minute or two. She didn't know why
I said that but she did as I said. I then wiped off my dick
and laid Crystal down on the ground completely flat. I looked
at her painted up face and cute red lips and I slowly guided
my hard dick to her lips before it went too limp. In a way
Crystal had been waiting for this. I usually came in her mouth
every day and so far today, I had not bothered her in this
way. With the camera still on auto, Crystal allowed me to fuck
in and out of her mouth. She was completely flat on her back and
her head was turned a little ways towards me. I let her suck
me for a couple minutes. Jan wasn't saying anything but she
was wondering what was going on. Crystal was suppose to be all hers
today. I then pulled my dick out of Crystals mouth and ran and
grabbed my camera. I then whispered first in Jan's ear. I wanted
her to position her pussy directly over Crystals mouth. Jan
wasn't sure what I was trying to do but it was so naughty, she
quickly straddled Crystals head. I moved the camera till it had
a perfect angle then again turned it to auto. I then went back
to Crystals head and I turned it so it was looking straight up.
If the blindfold wasn't on her, she would have had a close up
view of Jan's pussy and ass. I moved Jan forward just a bit till
I knew her pussy was directly over Crystals mouth. I then
whispered to Crystal that today was just about over. She was to
open her mouth wide and not close it till she was told. If she
did close her mouth, our deal would be off.

Jan's face went funny again. What was the deal and what was
she suppose to do. I moved out behind Jan where the camera
would not get me in the shot. I then told Jan to stay squatted
and do not move. Jan knew I was behind her and she felt me
reaching up under her. She was totally lost at what was about
to happen. Crystal's mouth was wide open and directly under
Jan's split open cunt. With my fingers I felt at the entrance
to Jan's cunt, I found the wade of paper and very smoothly
but quickly I grabbed it and pulled it out of the way. The
response was immediate. Jan was looking down and her face
went completely white. Large streams of white gooey sperm
flowed from her pussy and hit directly in the middle of Crystals
mouth. Crystal immediately wanted to close her mouth but she
remembered what I said about the deal. As much as it tasted
terrible, she left her lips right where they were, wide open.
The goo continued to stream then drip out of Jan's cunt. Up
until now, Jan did not even know I had flooded her cunt. Now
her mind was racing with the consequences. I whispered in Jan's
ear, push out all you can why you have the chance. I saw Jan's
face tighten up as she pushed her stomach muscles. Just then
another small stream filled Crystals mouth. She had already
swallowed twice and another gooey mix of sperm and juices
was quickly filling up her mouth. Jan pushed till she could
not get any more out of her. Crystal swallowed twice more
before I had Jan move and allow Crystal to close her mouth.
The taste in Crystals mouth was very bitter. Much more then
usual. She had cum, pussy juice, and whatever else had dripped
out of Jan's cunt deep in her stomach now.

I looked at Jan and she was as white as a sheet. It just hit her
about the sperm in her cunt and her never being fucked before.
She also knew she wasn't on any protection. It all turned her
face completely white. I got the girls up and told Jan to go
clean up. Once Jan was in the house I told Crystal she had
kept her word and I would keep mine. Crystal knew what was
always the last step. She figured in 10 minutes, I would
partially fuck her and I'd be gone. But today would again be
a little different. I waited until Jan came out and I noticed
the very worried look on her face. I told her to wait outside and
I would see her in a few. I watched Jan walk quietly out the
back gate. Her excellent day had just turned into one of the
worse nightmares of her life. She was going to worry for a
couple weeks at least. I could finally pick Crystal up and take
her inside. She didn't understand because I usually fucked her
before I took her inside. But I wasn't sure if I could work
a third time in less then an hour. I got Crystal upstairs and
out of her clothes. I started the shower but this time I actually
got in with her. This surprised her and her blindfolds were still
on. I reached over, put on the rubber I brought today and guided
Crystals hand around to my dick. Now she knew what was up. She
felt my dick up good then I pushed her body forward till she
was bent at the waist. I grabbed the scissors and completed
the cut at the halfway point. I pushed my dick forward and
buried it all the way to my balls. Crystal was completely
soaked inside and very slippery. I had to pull back out about
halfway and let Crystal examine my cock one last time. Just
as normal, she knew I was protected and would now complete
her end of the bargain. It had become very easy now for me to
control Crystal and have her do anything I want. In fact, it
was easy to have her do all the work. Our "DEAL" as we called
it was an Ace up the Sleeve for me.

I decided to turn the shower down to only a trickle. I then sat
down on the shower floor and guided Crystal down to me. This
time I had her facing me and I slowly guided her cunt down to
my dick. She now had her legs around my body and her cunt slid
down onto my dick. Her weight cause her body to sink all the
way down to my balls. I was buried deep inside her. I then
told her what I wanted her to do. With me just sitting there,
she laid her hand flat on the floor and lifted herself up and
down my cock. She also softly asked me to remember my promise.
I answered I would and she then really got into the up and
down motion. My cock wasn't feeling like it was even close. I
then remembered what Jan did with Crystal. I pulled her head
close and soon her lips were touching mine. For the first time
I let her fuck me and kiss me. She had been kissed by Jan
enough that she just started kissing without thinking about it.
I closed my eyes and I could feel her breasts run up and down
my chest as she kissed and fucked me. Now this started to get
me going. I don't know how long I lasted but I didn't let her
quit kissing me. When I came it was again an eye opener. My
head this time got very light headed but I didn't do anything
that would tip Crystal off. She continued to kiss me and I
let her milk my cock for another minute.

I then told her to stop because I wanted to keep my end of the
bargain. I had her stand up and I turned the shower on right away.
While I soaped up her entire body, I watched the sperm leak out
of her cunt and fall to the ground. I got out and dressed but
did not let Crystal rinse the soap off her. She then heard
the normal message I left with her each time, check under the
stairs tomorrow. I was gone and Crystal was thru another day.
She was just about 1/2 way done. She cleaned up, got dressed and
again put everything up. In the meantime I looked for Jan but she
was gone. I went directly home and started watching the pictures
from today's outing. I was there a couple hours before the phone
rang and I picked it up. On the other end was Jan. She also
did some research to get my number. I could tell her voice was
cracking and she was very nervous. She asked me if I minded
if she came over to my house? This really got me going as before
she would have never suggested such a thing. I told her if she must,
come on over. She hung up and was out her door immediately.
When she got to my house, we went directly to my room. I closed
the door and she asked me to play the pictures from today. We
watched them together but didn't really talk a lot. At least
not in the beginning. I wanted Jan to think I might be upset. I was
cool and waited for her to speak up. It didn't take her that long.
She sort of sensed something wasn't right because of how little I
was talking.

She was trembling and asked me if I didn't forget something. She
studied me closely and seemed very worried. In fact, she was
worried. She again asked me if I forgot something. I tried to
think but I couldn't figure out what it was. When I told her
there was nothing I forgot, a worried look came on her face.
She then looked me right in the face and asked me why I was
mad with her. This completely took me by surprise. I couldn't
think of anything to say. She took this to mean I was really
upset with her. Then she came out and said it. I know I promised
you thirty minutes after we left Crystals, but I didn't stay
and wait for you and your upset now. I knew when to stay
quiet. I just let Jan continue. I should have stayed and waited
for you and then we could have went to my house like I earlier
agreed. I'm sorry and if you don't hold it against me, I'll
up your time to an hour just like you give me with the
school teacher. But please don't stop me for going over there,
I don't know what I'd do if you did that. My mouth was now on
the floor. I must have won the lotto. Nobody gets this much
thrown on his lap, and for free.

I then played my ace in the sleeve and told her it did disappoint me
when I gave you the entire hour and you left me without keeping
your word. What a bunch of bull, I was very happy about everything
that took place today, but why not play to win? That's when
Jan said that's why she was here now, I'm hers tonight for
an hour if I wanted her. Just forgive her for leaving today.
It's all I could do to say lets just forget you left me today.
Then we both started to enjoy the pictures and our talking
really changed to our sexy slave schoolteacher. All the while
I was deciding how to use my newfound HOUR I was being given
with Jan. I could not believe she was even here, yet alone
me planning on how to use her AGAIN later on today.

Scott noticed Jan really loosening up. Scott immediately went
on the offensive and asked Jan many questions as the pictures
were slowly playing on the TV set in front of them. He asked
Jan what she enjoyed the most about yesterday with the school
teacher and what she enjoyed the most about today. Jan was very
upfront and really told Scott everything he wanted to know. Scott
didn't know it, but him being the first to FUCK Jan really messed
her mind up a little. Scott was not considered a GUY to Jan
anymore, he had changed in her mind to her FIRST male lover. Scott
didn't know it, but Jan sure did. Scott listened as Jan told her
how the first day, showing the school teacher off outside the
fence and the chance of getting caught really turned her on. Then
she spoke about her second day with the school teacher and Scott
couldn't believe it when Jan told him also being forced to dress
up sexy was a big turn on. And finally, Jan couldn't keep it back,
her being fucked by Scott really turned her on. She even told
Scott it was the biggest orgasm she thought she ever had. Scott's
mind was jotting all this down. It didn't believe it but it
put everything Jan was saying deep in protective memory so Scott
would remember it forever. As a last parting shot, Jan mentioned
that her entire body shook when she took the schoolteacher out
of the fenced yard for the second time. Now knowing that people
might see her also completely turned her on. That's why she
decided to come over and apologize for leaving, she didn't want
anything to come between her and Scott or her ability to take
control of her ex-coach.


After another 30 minutes of having fun watching the pictures and
chatting with each other, Scott finally turned off the camera and
the pictures stop popping up on the TV. It was around 3:30 in
the afternoon and Scott asked Jan if she was having fun. The smile
was from ear to ear. Scott then felt like he was in charge of
everything. He remembered everything Jan had told him earlier.
He stood up and told Jan to go home, take a shower and get
dressed in the sexiest outfit she had to wear out. Then meet
him back over here by 5:30. Scott would then take his hour that
Jan had promised him. Jan's face actually brightened up and she
agreed to Scotts request. She also quickly asked Scott if he was
still happy about their arrangement of her getting the full hour
with the school teacher. It was then Scott really made Jan's day
by saying she might get every day from now on to be in control
of the school teacher. Jan's mind already started planning more
things to do with the teacher. Of course Scott's mind was planning
what would happen tonight with Jan.

Jan went home and looked thru her closet and drawers. She wanted
to really please Scott. She didn't know why but she really liked
Scott now. What Jan didn't know was it wasn't like, her mind was
slowly falling for the young boy. He was quickly becoming her
boyfriend and Jan didn't even think she cared about boys. It took
her an hour to figure out exactly what to wear. It ended up being
a short pink skirt that she had not worn since she was 16. She
had sort of grown too tall for it and it was very small on her.
She picked a nice matching top and some small but nice high
heels. They were only about an inch off the ground and the heels
were very wide so it made them easy to walk in. But they still made
her look very nice and matched the outfit well. When Jan went to
the mirror, she could not believe how tight and short the pink
skirt was. It was going to be work to keep it down over the
sexy pink undies she also was wearing. A quick trip to the sink
to put on a little makeup and perfume and Jan was ready to go.
Her heart was beating a 1000 beats a minute. She was excited but
this was new ground to her. In reality, it was her first date
with a guy and she told herself she had to make it fun for Scott.
Everything she hoped to do revolved around Scott and how much she
could please him. She knew the happier Scott was with her, the
more she'd be with Crystal. Jan still did not know that the outings
with the older school teacher were about 1/2 way over. She just
assumed Scott had control over her forever.

On her drive over to Scott's, she suddenly remembered the scared
feeling she had when she saw all the sperm drain out of her pussy
and right into the teachers mouth. A sudden chill ran thru her
about getting pregnant. She decided to stop and check out the
local drug store. She ended up buying some white inserts that
they said would protect her from getting pregnant. The box said
to put them in about ten minutes before sex and it would destroy
the sperm upon contact. She put them in her purse and continued
on over to Scott's house. She was shaking pretty badly when she
pulled in front of Scott's home. Scott had been watching out his
window so he could go down and meet Jan at the door. When he got
there Jan was just walking up the sidewalk. She looked really
hot dressed the way she was. Scott immediately saw how tiny the
pink skirt was. It covered her completely but just barely. Scott
gave Jan a hug and again guided her to his room. They sat on the
bed and talked for five minutes. Then suddenly the two teenagers
started kissing and making out. It was really a first date for
Jan with a guy. She broke the kiss and decided she better let
Scott know now about the pills. She grabbed her purse and showed
the pills to Scott. She wanted him to place one inside her
about ten minutes before he wanted to have sex. This was when
the pills would be most potent. And since she didn't know when
that would be, she asked Scott to do it. Of course Scott agreed
that he didn't want Jan to get pregnant. He put the package in
his pants then pulled Jan back down on the bed and made out
more with her. Jan's head was spinning now from all the excitement
and attention.

It wasn't long before Jan felt Scott's hands under her tiny
pink skirt. Next in a quick pull, her undies were off and on
the floor. Jan thought this might be when Scott fucked her, but
she was wrong. Scott slowly got up and got his camera. Even
though Jan wasn't hoping for the camera, she allowed Scott to
do his thing. She posed for the camera just like the naive little
school teacher did for her husband many months back. This was
going to be another expensive lesson that the school teacher had
already learned. Only now Jan was being taught the lesson. For
five minutes she flipped and posed and did as Scott asked. Then
Scott grabbed his camera and Jan's hand and pulled her up from
the bed. Before Jan knew what was happening, she was being pulled
to the front door. In seconds they were on the front porch and
Jan then realized they were heading to her car. She quickly
spoke up that she had left her undies still on Scott's bed. They
had better go back in and get them. It was then Scott informed
her she wouldn't be needing them. For once Jan actually was
a little frightened. The skirt she had on blew up occasionally
from the wind and it was as micro as they come. And she didn't
now have the protection of her cute little undies. Of course
Scott remembered how Jan had talked about being turned on at
the chance of being caught, he was playing those words to the
hilt.

Scott told Jan where to drive and she about died as they pulled
into the huge parking lot of the mall. He was going to take her
in there dressed the way she was. Her face turned a little red
but within seconds Scott was opening her door for her. She was
now being led to the main entrance. For the next 30 minutes she
was paraded all thru the mall. All the young and old guys had to
do a double take stare at the short skirt she was wearing.
Luckily it stayed down fairly good thru the entire walk. He
next guided Jan to victory secrets and told her to look thru
the store and buy something so hot that Scott would be proud of
her. He then told her he would be back in ten minutes. Scott
left Jan and went to the little drug store in the mall. He
started looking for something and it took about four minutes to
find it. He read the box and these would be perfect. He paid
for the items and stuffed them in his pocket. He went to the
men's restroom and took both sets of pills out of his pockets.
One was the pregnancy pills that were made to keep a girl from
getting pregnant. The others were hemorrhoid pills that were meant
to go in your other end. The reason Scott bought them were
because they were both pills that melted once they were in your
body. Scott's plan was to replace the pills in the pregnancy
box with the inserts from the hemorrhoid box. It took him a couple
minutes to make things look right, but now the long slender pills
in the pregnancy package were just harmless hemorrhoid pills. When
he was happy with the looks, he threw the real pregnancy pills and
the old hemorrhoid box in the trash as he left. Scott's mind was
unbelievably evil. He had plans of seeing two women with their
belly's growing big, and he would know it was all done by him.

When he got back to Jan she had already made a purchase and was
waiting for him. She was still trembling because of the way she
was dressed. Scott led her out of the mall and over to her car.
Jan was parked very near the front with many other cars all
around hers. She thought it was funny when instead of opening
the front car door, Scott opened the back door and told Jan
to get in. Just about immediately Scott pushed Jan back and
started making out with her. He broke away for just a minute
and reached into his pants and pulled out the pregnancy inserts.
Jan paid close attention as he pulled open the package and
tore off the first pill. She had never seen these before and
she wanted to really make sure they made it up inside her. Scott
tore open the metal foil that surrounded the white insert and Jill
watched him pull it out. He then guided it to her pussy and slowly
pushed it as far up inside Jill's wet pussy as his finger would
allow. Jill felt so much better now about what was about to
happen. For the next ten minutes the two teenage kids made out
and Scott slowly fingered Jan's very hot cunt. Jan had never been
in a situation like this. For her first real date she was about
to get fucked in the backseat of her own car. Finally the ten
minutes were up and Scott looked around one last time. There
were people around but not right next to their car. He pulled
Jan's legs up very high and slowly guided his dick to her very
hot pussy. In a matter of seconds, he was stroking his dick
deep up inside of Jan's cunt. Jan's mind had done such a turn
around in the last two days. Before the thought of a guy fucking
her really turned her off, but Scott's dick was having just the
opposite effect on her.

Scott guided Jan's hand to her pussy lips and told Jan to rub
herself and help Scott make it feel good. Scott fucked Jan like
there was no tomorrow. He couldn't even notice that they had
put a pill into Jan. Of course the pill wasn't going to help her
in her fight not to get pregnant, but it did allow Jan's mind
to relax enough so she could really enjoy being fucked. Jan was
the first to feel the effects of the fuck. Her pussy really got
wet and the juices flowed down her legs and onto her own backseat.
Then she came again very hard as the hot dick pistoned in and
out of her. Her fingers rubbing her clit pushed her right over
the edge and she for once got to moan and jerk her body all
around. Scott took another four minutes. He had to fuck Jan over
ten minutes before his young dick could shoot out another load
of hot baby making sperm. This was the third coating today of
Jan's tight little pussy. She was happy they both got theirs and
for a couple minutes they just laid there. Then Scott got up
and took a few pictures of Jan laying on the backseat with her
legs still sort of up in the air. Her black hair on top of her
pussy had gobs of white sperm in it and also sperm was slowly
dripping out of her young cunt. Scott took about ten pictures even
rolling down the back window and taking a few from outside the
car so he could get her entire body in it. Jan just laid there
till Scott helped her up. Today was Jan's first date with a guy
and she had been shown off in public, fucked in the backseat of
her own car, and worse, maybe even made pregnant. She thought
of today as a perfect day where any other girl would have
thought of it as a NIGHTMARE!

Scott and Jan drove around a little and grabbed some fast food
but soon they were back at Scott's house. They kissed for quite
some time before Jan finally headed to her house. The white
gooey sperm was still dripping from between her cunt lips. Jan
was just glad Scott used the pregnancy insert on her. She didn't
at least have that to worry about. Tomorrow would be Friday and
another day with the schoolteacher. Jan thought about nothing
the rest of the day except for the schoolteacher and what she
didn't know was the first love of her life, Scott. Only Scott
definitely didn't have those feelings about Jan. He was just
using her the same way he was using the older school teacher.
They were both things to use and control any way that he could.
The next day Scott was so worn out from fucking that he knew he
probably couldn't even perform. He decided to give both girls a
little break. He told Jan he was going to save his HOUR with her
till Sunday if that was ok. Of course Jan had no problems with
that. And as a gift, all Scott would do today was film, the
school teacher really would be completely hers.

Crystal couldn't believe how easy the fifth day was. Except for
dressing up some and getting her pussy licked twice, the hour
with the guy just flew by. Jan quickly found out without Scott's
help, it was hard to think of things to do with the schoolteacher.
She found out today it was best not to have 100% control. The old
way where Scott did a lot of the leading was much better. Crystal
once left alone after her fifth day of servitude, now knew she
was at the halfway mark. She wasn't fucked today and she didn't
even have to suck on the guys dick. It just seemed like it was
getting easier as time passed. But today was just a resting day
for Scott. And by really doing nothing, he had made both girls
feel that much better about everything. Now he told Jan that she
was to be over at his house Sunday morning at 9 in the morning.
It was early but she really was looking forward to it. Crystal
also knew she had the next two days off. Her husband would be
home and the guy who was blackmailing her wouldn't take the
chance of her husband catching them. She was very glad about that.

Scott had Friday and Saturday to let his young body catch up. He
had cum more in the last four days then ever before in his life.
His body used the time to store up and make more hot gooey sperm.
Two days was just right for his body to fill his young sperm sacks
completely back up. Sunday was going to be fun for him and his
victim that day was only Jan. She was going to get her young
tight cunt blasted full of his newly hatched sperm at least twice
before her day was out. And the pills she knew was her protection,
well, she could have swallowed them and they would not have been
any help. Her young cunt was going to be swimming in Scott's
young potent sperm for another full week. And Scott was going to
film every time she was fucked. He wanted to document everything
that happened to both naive women.

Scott relaxed around the house till Sunday. He had a great time
with all the pictures of both girls on his camera and computer.
But when Sunday finally arrived, he called Jan pretty early in
the morning. She sounded happy to hear from him. Immediately
he set up a time for Jan to again come over to his house. Today
it was noon. Jan was looking forward to spending part of the
day at Scott's. Last time they had a real good time together.
Scott had planned what was going to happen today and was ready
to put his plan into action. He just had to wait for Jan to show
up.

Jan showed up just about exactly on time. She knew to wear what
Scott had asked her to wear last time. It was the short tight
pink dress again. Of course Jan had another cute pair of pink
undies on with the outfit. There was no way she could go out
without them, unless of course Scott forced her to. Jan and
Scott were both happy to see each other. Maybe for different
reasons but they were still very happy to be together. Scott
chatted for a while with Jan and put her at ease. They looked
over some of the very early pictures of Crystal that Jan had
never seen before. It just surprised her so much that her
ex-soccer coach would pose for pictures like these for her
husband. Both Jan and Scott laughed about it as they watched
the pictures for over 30 minutes. Then Scott pulled Jan close
and they made out for about 15 minutes. Just like a couple days
ago, Scott reached under the short skirt and the little pink
undies were again on the floor. Ten minutes after that and Jan
was walking out the front door with Scott minus her undies again.


This time Scott talked a lot of how much fun they would have
Monday with the school teacher. It was then that Jan spoke up and
asked for Scott to take back some of the time he had promised to
her. Jan knew it was a lot more fun the days Scott sort of ran
things then the last day when she had complete control of Crystal.
It surprised Scott that Jan would do that but he agreed as long as
it didn't affect the hour that he got with Jan. Jan smiled and
said nothing could affect that hour. With that they both laughed
and Scott was now at a small cheap beach outlet store. He asked
Jan what her bathing suit size was and with a real questioning
look, Jan told him. Five minutes later Scott was out with a package.
Jan asked what was up and Scott told her it was all a surprise.
He had Jan get into the back seat and put the bikini on under the
tiny pink dress. Jan saw that it was just a normal bikini, black,
with nothing really fancy about it. She even mentioned to Scott
that she had much better bikini's at home. But Scott told her half
the fun of things they do together, will be the surprise involved
in it. This beach outing was to be a surprise.

Then as Scott finally got to the strip of road where the beaches
were, he had Jan lay flat in the backseat. Jan laughed about it
but did as Scott wanted. Scott kept up the talk and it seemed
like fifteen minutes or more that Jan was down on the seat. She
knew they had only been a minute or so from the popular beaches.
Well, Scott had really done his homework. He had two days to
research and decide what to do with Jan today. He checked out many
things like the mall, movies, clubs, just about everything he could
think of. But when he thought about the ocean, then remembered the
article he read maybe six months ago about a new area set aside
for 'NUDE' sunbathing, he knew exactly where he wanted to take
Jan. Finally, Scott saw the warning signs that all the beach from
here on, would be clothing optional beaches. This was going to be
perfect. Jan had no way of knowing they were pulling up to a nude
beach. First off, she didn't even know they had nude beaches anywhere
nearby. Second, she didn't get to see any of the warning signs
because she was laying down flat in the backseat.

When they arrived, Scott had Jan just stay in her short dress,
only remove her shoes. He knew once they got to a good spot, he
could always lift the dress right up over her head. Scott didn't
have a suit for him to wear. He removed his shoes and shirt and
grabbed a small pack out of the trunk. He slowly guided Jan
down the steps that led to a nice beach about 30 feet below. They
had a very nice boardwalk up top where people could sit and enjoy
the beach and the view. Jan told Scott she had never been to this
beach before and it seemed very nice and deserted. Scott knew that
it should get more crowded very shortly. Scott picked a place that
was in perfect view of the upper level boardwalk. Anybody up there
looking down would have the best view of the area that Scott was
now laying down a towel. In ten minutes, Scott had Jan out of her
dress, on the towel, and was rubbing oil into her body. Over the
next hour Jan felt very relaxed and they both talked about things
they could do tomorrow with the school teacher. Just talking about
it started to get Jan all worked up again. She heard a few people
walk by then a few more. She was laying back with her eyes closed
and not really paying attention. So far all the people to show up
on the beach had been guys. But Scott paid attention to everybody
around them. Within minutes four guys were completely nude and
only about 30 feet away from where Scott and Jan were camped out.

Finally Jan opened her eyes and she could not believe what she was
seeing. Just next to her, not very far away, was four different
guys and they were completely nude. She was too stunned to move.
She started to speak but Scott quickly jumped in. He reminded Jan
that he was given the same power over Jan as he had over the
school teacher. And if Jan ever broke another promise to him, he
would never forget it again. Jan didn't like where this was going
but she listened anyway. Within a minute Jan knew she was on a
nude beach and she had just gotten a lecture about not breaking
her word. It became apparent very quickly what Scott had planned.
Jan heard him tell her not to move and in a motion that took about
five seconds, he was pulling both sides of her bottoms down from
around her waist. Jan's face went completely flush. Her mouth flew
open and Scott quickly warned her not to say a thing. He told her
three times to close her eyes and not open them. Each time she
could sense her was getting a little more mad. She finally decided
she had better go along and she tightly shut her eyes. Just as
her eyes were shut, the bottom of her bathing suit was being
lifted off her feet. Then within seconds the top was unsnapped
and a quick pull had it also off her. She was totally naked now
on the beach. And she knew at least four other guys were on the
beach also.

She thought about them seeing her then remembered her half shaved
pussy. Her body shook a little and she was so embarrassed to be
there in the way she was. Of course Scott grabbed his camera and
took about 20 pictures. He made sure to get some of the naked guys
in the background. And all four guys were now sitting up staring
at the very cute young girl that was also laying out naked. Many
guys came her and suntanned nude, but hardly any girls did, and when
they did, they usually were not very pretty. Jan was now to afraid
to even open her eyes. She jumped some when she felt Scotts hands
on her legs. She felt more suntan lotion being applied and then
she felt him move position and sit between her tightly closed legs.
It took Scott a few pulls to get Jan to loosen up her legs. As soon
as she did, Scott pulled them apart and sat down between them. He
had four guys watching every move he made. Jan didn't know it
because her eyes were closed shut with fear and embarrassment.

More lotion was rubbed onto Jan and Scott started talking to Jan
again. He told her to relax, they were going to be there a while
and she was going to tan all over. This was part of his fun and
she just had to make the best of it while they were there. He
finally got Jan to at least shake her head up and down that she
was semi ok. Scott finished the first coat of lotion and for his
last act he squirted a lot of the hot lotion directly on the top
of Jan's pussy and then moved to Jan's side. The lotion was slowly
running down Jan's crack and making everything hot and slippery.
It was then Scott put Jan into the position he wanted. He allowed
her hands to stay at her side, but her legs were spread about two
feet apart. Now she had to lay there and wonder about the guys
she saw earlier and what they were doing. After 15 minutes she
was finally relaxing just a little. She knew better then to open
her eyes and so far, everything had been just fine. But Scott
was the first to notice two of the guys getting up. They walked
right in below Jan's feet and stared up at the hot young girls
cunt as they walked by. Of course the sight was so hot they
immediately started to get hard-ons. They didn't even try to hide
them, they just walked by, turned around, and again walked by in
the other direction. It was then one of them walked to his blanket
and he pulled out a small beach camera. It was one of those cheap
disposable cameras you could buy in any store for $10.00 or so.
He came over and never said a word. He pointed down to Jan on
the blanket and held up the camera. He was asking if it was OK
to take Jan's pictures. Scott also didn't have to say a word, he
just shook his head yes and in about 20 seconds, six pictures were
snapped off. The guy lipped a big THANK YOU to Scott and went back
over to his blanket. Scott just sort of smiled and wondered what
those pictures would be used for.

Finally Scott told Jan it was time to turn over. Jan didn't
hesitate for a second, she flipped over and was on her stomach
in a second. She thought less would be on show this way. Scott
went into his oilman routine and started rubbing suntan lotion on
Jan's back, legs and butt. Of course he let more of the slippery
lotion run down the crack of Jan's ass and it all ended up coating
her shaved pussy with even more lotion. Right before he moved
again to her side, he spread her legs again about two foot wide.
Jan felt like she was on display to the entire world. This time
Scott moved her hands up above her head which made for a much
sexier pose. Within two minutes the same guy was back with his
camera. This time his buddy was with him. Again, nobody spoke and
he politely pointed to his camera. Scott just shook his head yes
again and a few pictures were taken of Jan all laid out with
her pussy and ass right there in view. Then one at a time each
guy got as close as possible between Jan's legs and the other took
a picture. These would be great pictures to show all their friends.
Scott got a huge smile and the two guys again went back to their
towels.

Jan was so nervous that her pussy was now pumping out it's own
hot gooey mixture. Her pussy felt like it was on fire. She knew
she was on display and her mind reacted to it passionately. It
sort of surprised Scott that nobody else really showed up. He
thought there would be more people. Finally he whispered to Jan
that it was just about time to go. She was happy to hear this as
she was still shaking from the excitement. She heard Scott tell her
to turn back over but not open her eyes. Jan had no intention of
opening her eyes and looking at the guys that she knew had to be
staring at her. Once she turned over, she felt Scotts hand as he
applied another coat of suntan lotion. Her legs started to close but
quickly Scott had them opened about two feet wide again. All Jan
could do was lay there and hope that Scott was ready to go. But
Scott then decided he had other plans. He remembered how Jan
told him she was really turned on when she thought she might be
discovered. He knew this was a good time to really push his second
slave into doing things she probably never would do by herself.

Jan heard Scott start to talk. Just like he did the teacher, he
now told Jan that they could be out of there in about ten minutes
if everything went well. He reminded Jan of her promise to do
anything for him. Then he moved over to the other side of Jan
so that the four guys that were there had a clear view of her
also. Scott was now on her other side away from the four guys
that had been watching her since they got here. Jan felt her
hand being picked up and in seconds a flash of panic went thru
her head. Scott guided her hand directly to her wide open pussy
and he was now rubbing her fingers up and down her cunt. He
couldn't want her to do that here. Jan put up some resistance in
her hand and actually said the word "NO" out loud. It got very
quiet and then Jan heard Scott speaking. Either you do what I say
or I'll never let you see the teacher or me again. I'll only give
you this one warning, you make your choice!

Scott waited about ten seconds then grabbed the hand that Jan
had pulled away. He slowly guided it to her own wet pussy and
never felt any resistance. He then started moving it up and
down her own cunt. Jan then knew what was coming. Scott told her
she better not stop of she would regret it forever. Scott's hand
moved off hers and ever so slowly, Scott watched her hand move up
and down her very moist cunt. The other guys were now standing
and watching from their blanket. Scott waved them over but put
his hands to his lips so they would be quiet. Of course one guy
had that cheap throw away camera with him. He didn't even ask
this time, he just snapped away. It was too noisy with the waves
and wind to have to worry about Jan hearing it. All four guys
were right below Jan with the perfect view of everything she
were doing. Scott moved back and took many pictures of the guys
standing over Jan as she was forced to slowly rub her pussy in
front of them. She had no way of knowing they were right there
watching, but her mind told her they were watching from their
blankets.

This was so outrageous, so beyond what Jan would ever do on her own
that her cunt was hotter then it had ever been. The hot sun beating
down on her naked body, the wind blowing between her legs, and
who knows how many guys watching her masturbate herself. It only
took about two minutes max. All the guys could tell because her
stomach muscles started to twitch then at the last second her hips
moved up off the blanket. Her own fingers were totally soaked with
her very hot juices. Jan came as hard as she did the first time
she was fucked by Scott. She was not use to having this much feeling
back into each orgasm. It felt wonderful and Jan's mind didn't
want it to stop. But slowly her fingers slowed down and it was
then that Scott whispered to the guy to go put his camera on
his blanket and come back. When the guy got back, Jan was still
slowly rubbing her pussy but she was now in her after cum mode.
The four guys were right below her when Scott sat next to her and
told her not to stop rubbing. In fact he had her finger her wet
tight pussy for about 30 seconds. Then in what was a surprise, Scott
forced Jan to open her eyes and look up. Her finger was still slowly
working its way inside her wide open cunt when her eyes opened and
the terror struck. Four sets of strange eyes were all right over
top of her and was watching her fingers disappear into her cunt.
She stopped and didn't move a muscle. She was frozen in place with
fear.

With that Scott thanked the guys for being an audience and they
all thanked both him and the girl for inviting them. They walked
back to their blanket and Scott saw Jan's face was as white as a
sheet. She couldn't even talk she was so embarrassed. Scott helped
her slip her bikini back on and he picked everything up and slowly
walked with Jan to the car. Jan was still speechless. She could
not believe what she had just done, and with four different
strangers watching every move. Scott helped her into the car and
for five minutes she didn't say a word. Her mind was going over
it all and then a very strange result ended up in her mind. That
was as good or better then the orgasm she had last Thursday with
Scott. She was so embarrassed but in the back of her mind, she
really loved it. She knew she could never ever do that alone, but
with Scott really forcing her, she just did something that turned
her on more then any other girl had been able to. Jan soon spoke
and said, "WOW, now that was intense"!

The words even shocked Scott. He was expecting her to talk sooner
or later, but he thought she would be upset with him. Instead, she
said those words which Scott wasn't sure what to make of. They still
didn't chat a lot but once they got to Scott's house, Jan sort
of forced Scott to come inside. Once in her bedroom, she looked at
Scott and told him to play back every picture from the beach for her.
Scott didn't think it was a good idea at all. Jan told him not to
worry, he didn't have to erase them or get rid of them. Jan just
wanted to see what really happened with her eyes closed. For 30
minutes they watched and Jan got excited all over again. She
really felt a rush when she saw the guys standing over her and
she was rubbing and fingering her own cunt. Their faces were fun
to watch as their eyes rolled and their tongues licked their lips.
During one segment she could see each of the four naked guys had
huge hard cocks. And she knew what she did had made them this way.
Her body was aching for another release. She then asked Scott if
he was going to take his way with her. Scott never seemed to
understand how these girls worked. After being shown off in public
to four guys, Jan now wanted Scott to fuck her. He would just
never understand girls.

Scott at first was going to go ahead and fuck Jan, but he remembered
how he ran out of steam on Friday. He decided to pass on her
invitation. He could not believe he was passing up fucking a girl,
but he had big plans already written down for tomorrow. So much so
he didn't want to mess around right now. Instead he again started
showing pictures of the school teacher that Jan had never seen.
This only made Jan more horney and for the first time ever in her
life, she wanted a guys dick in her pussy. Scott had started playing
the 20 question game again with Jan. Last time Scott did this, Jan
was very truthful about everything. He was hoping it would continue
over onto this round. He started asking her about her day today
out in front of the guys and what it felt like. Jan's eyes were
glued to the TV as the school teacher was being put into different
outfits and posed in different position. She just started talking
frankly about how scared and embarrassed she was. But she also said
at the same time, her pussy was on fire and she could feel all her
hot fluids covering her lips and legs. Scott never let up and then
asked her about when she opened her eyes and the four guys were
right above her. It took Jan a few seconds to think about it, but
all she could say was she ended up on fire and very very hot. That's
all Scott needed to hear. She never once said don't do it again and
she hated it. He now knew anything was fair game and Jan probably
wouldn't get mad.

After about an hour of watching the teacher, Scott turned off the
computer and told Jan he was going to save everything up for
tomorrow. But he had to request something special. Jan looked at
him and asked what? He grabbed Jan by the hand and had her lay on
the bed and close her eyes. In the next ten minutes, Scott did to
Jan exactly what he did to Crystal, he shaved her pussy completely
smooth. He even shaved off the hair that had been on top of Jan's
cunt forever. Jan watched but didn't say a word. She had been too
turned on by the days events to complain. Finally she was baby ass
smooth and Scott helped her get dressed. He told her tomorrow she
would find out everything and that she was in for a really good
time at the school teachers house. That's all he would say. It left
Jan just hanging and that's exactly what he hoped would be the result.

Jan and Scott finally split up and went their own ways. That night
Scott finalized the plan of attack for tomorrow and Jan stayed
awake many hours daydreaming of the exciting day she was put thru
today. She could not believe how much more exciting her time was
when she was with Scott then when she was with any of her other
girlfriends. They all now seemed rather tame to her. It was a huge
turn of events in her life. The next morning Scott had the note
under Crystals porch very early in the morning. It wasn't any
different, shave and be on the porch at noon. It also said this
was day six and she only have four days left after today. When
Crystal read the note, that line did sound very good to her. Her
weekend had been really uneventful and her husband was no more
the wiser about what was happening. If she could make it thru
one week, the second should be no problem.

Scott and Jan both rode over together to Crystal's home. At 12:00
exactly they looked over the fence and Crystal was there waiting
with her blindfold on. They both walked thru the gate and walked
her upstairs to start the day. Again Scott had told Crystal to dress
Jan. Jan picked a cute little outfit that consisted again of a
dress that was white and came maybe halfway down Crystal's butt.
It was again a stay inside dress, not made to be worn out but made
to be fucked in. Then she picked a pair of black fishnet thigh high
hose for a little contrast, a black tall pair of stiletto shoes,
and a black choker collar that was also in the drawer. She put all
the clothes on the bed and this time she had Scott tell Crystal
that he would dress her and put her makeup on. Jan wanted to do
it all today. She slowly dressed Jan, then went into the bathroom
and picked all the makeup she wanted. Jan knew how to put it on and
it really surprised Crystal to see the makeup being put on correctly.
And it was being packed on very deep by Jan because she knew that's
how Scott wanted it. She also sprayed Crystal down with many small
clouds of perfume. Crystal never said a word and let Jan fix her
up however she wanted.

Right when Jan was about done, she saw Scott going thru the drawers.
She was sure she knew what this meant. Sure enough the outfit
that Crystal wore the other day was put out. It was the strap outfit
that had straps running all over the body except it left the ass,
pussy, and tits completely out in the open. Scott also grabbed the
white stiletto shoes and put them on the bed. But next Scott did
something he had not done before, he pulled the makeup tray and
perfumes out of the bathroom and sat them next to the clothes.
He pulled Jan aside and told her to dress, and he wanted her makeup
to match Crystal's exactly! He would wait downstairs, and if she
wanted her HUGE surprise, she would do exactly what he said. Jan
just sort of stared but didn't say anything. Now she had to dress
her face up also. She had just spent ten minutes doing Crystal's
face. He watched as Scott led Crystal out of the room and down
the stairs. So far everything was just like the other days for
Crystal. She was posed in the center of the sliding glass door and
it was then that Scott took a few pictures. Then she was led outside
and put onto the blanket. The radio was playing and Crystal knew
her 45 minutes had begun. All she thought about was playing along
and keeping her winning streak alive. She only spoke up for a
second to ask if the deal was still on. All she heard back was
silence. She asked again if the deal was still on. Nothing. Nobody
said a word.

Finally Scott spoke up. He informed Crystal that the first week
went by well and he had kept his promise 100%. It was killing him
to start to fuck her but have to pull out. He wasn't sure he could
keep it up. The look on Crystal's face told it all. She would be
devastated if the guy fucked her and came inside her. Even if he
was wearing a rubber, what if some of it got it. She then pleaded
with the guy to keep their bargain. Whatever he wanted to do, she
would go along with, just don't stay inside her when he came. After
pleading for a minute or so, Crystal finally heard the guy
reluctantly agree, but only if Crystal never questioned anything
else that happened and actually continued to help make things
happen. If she didn't, the deal was off. Scott watched Crystal's
face light up and a small smile pop out. Crystal knew she might have
won the battle again. She promised, just so long as he didn't cum
inside her pussy, she would be a willing girl for the 45 minutes.
This played again right into Scott's plan. Now he only had to wait
for Jan to come downstairs.

Five minutes later, out the sliding glass door wobbled Jan. She
again couldn't adjust to the thin high heels but the outfit did
the exact same thing it had done to Crystal, it made Jan look like
a walking slut poster. And when Scott looked at Jan's face, it was
a duplicate of the slut makeup now on Crystals face. It was just
fantastic. Jan walked over and Scott whispered a few things in
her ear. Jan moved to Crystal and put her hands over her head.
Then she proceeded to make out a little with Crystal while slowly
rubbing Crystal's freshly shaved pussy. It did just what it was
suppose to do. Crystal's cunt started to get moist with hot juices
that flowed from the tiny slit in her pussy. Scott was getting the
most fantastic pictures of two girls dressed up as sluts kissing
each other and one fingering the others tight pussy. When Jan
let up on the kissing for a second, Scott put his head down close
to Crystals and said "don't forget out deal". Again Crystal shook
her head and agreed to what they had just talked about. He tapped
Jan on the shoulder and told her it was time for her surprise.
Jan didn't know what it would be but she was hoping it would really
be something fun. Scott whispered in her ear and the mouth on
Jan dropped like he had to be kidding. Jan turned and looked at
Scott and he actually said "DO IT!"

Crystal didn't understand the words but felt the guy readjusting
his body on top of hers. Then she felt some soft wet lips kissing
her pussy and then the nice warm feeling of the guys tongue parting
her cunt lips and licking slowly up and down her pussy. Unknown to
her, Jan was on her tip toes and her pussy was about four
inches directly over Crystal's mouth. Jan was waiting for the
command from Scott. Then the words came from Scott's mouth. Crystal,
stick out your tongue and do not put in back in your mouth till told.
Crystal didn't know what was going to happen but she did as she
was told. The second her tongue was out, Jan slowly lowered her
body and suddenly something warm was touching Crystal's tongue.
Crystal heard Scott tell her if she stopped what was happening,
their deal was off and he might even fuck her without a rubber.
For a second Crystal was lost about what was happening, but only
for a second. Her tongue ran up and down a crack and it was very
moist, and , OH MY GOD, I smell the pussy juices. Crystal knew in
a flash that her tongue was on another pussy. She instinctively
pulled her mouth off the pussy. Scott was right there filming
and told her she had five seconds to start licking that pussy.
If she didn't, he would start to fuck her and she wouldn't like
the outcome of his fuck.

For the first time in about a week, terror hit Crystals mind. There
were now two people here, and one of them was another girl. And to
make that even worse, they wanted her tongue licking up and down
the girls pussy. Then it just hit her, the tongue still licking her
also belonged to a girl. She was in the arms of a girl, not the
guy. She felt a hand on her head and she had only a small amount
of resistance she could put up. Again the threat of being fucked
right then and maybe without a rubber shot thru her mind. The hand
slowly pushed her head back down and as much as Crystal didn't want
anything to do with licking another girl, her lips were soon resting
of the cunt lips of the girl laying on top of her. Crystal knew
she had to do it, she just didn't want to. She was starting to get
sick from the thought of licking another woman's cunt. But her tongue
slowly came out of her mouth and like magic, the woman above her
moved her pussy up and down Crystals soft wet tongue. It took
about two minutes for things to settle down. Crystal was letting
the other girl do all the work. But at the same time, Crystals
pussy was getting another excellent rubdown from the very experienced
tongue of Jan. As much as Crystal hated what was happening and
worried about who the woman might be, her body started to betray
her again and her pussy really started to pour out the hot juices.

Why Crystal was close to Cumming, Jan worked her own cunt just
right up and down on Crystals tongue. This was something Jan had
done many times before with new girls that weren't use to being
with other girls. She knew how to please the girl, but at the
same time get hers. It was a close race because both girls were
getting very excited. Jan wanted to cum badly whereas Crystal did
not. But Crystal couldn't control her body. Finally the expert
tongue of Jan won out and Crystal began to shake from the orgasm
about ready to take place. Jan was really close and only needed
a few more tongue flicks from Crystal to put her over the edge.
Of course Scott was clicking pictures from both ends. Getting
pictures of both girls with a cunt in their face. Just then
Crystal started to cum. Just when she knew her body was about to
explode, she noticed her entire face starting to get wet. The
girl on top of her was dripping moisture faster then Crystal could
lick it. Crystal now blew and her entire body shook below the
soft tongue running up and down her cunt. Ten seconds later, she
felt the body on top of her start to spasm and her face was pushed
deep into the wet smelly pussy. Both girls were right in the
middle of their orgasm. Jan loved both feelings at both ends but
Crystal hated the wet smelling pussy that was pressed into her
lips. Any guy would have traded places with her in a second. The
smell to them would have been pure heaven.

Finally the hand was removed from Crystal's head and both girls
removed their heads from the pussies they were licking. Jan slowly
got up and for the first time since the first day, Crystal started
to sob and cry. She couldn't believe what she had just done. Licked
another woman's pussy. She tried to hide it from everyone but she
didn't do a very good job. She then heard the guy speak up. You
just got to meet my wife. When she heard what you were doing for
me, she wanted to be part of it. So for your last four days, we will
both be here. You will do anything we want. And remember, in four
days after today, you get all your pictures back. You don't want
to stop everything at this late date do you. As I said, me and my
wife will share you till Friday. You can say STOP right now and you
will never see us again, but you know what that means. BUT, if
you continue to cooperate, do as we both say, I will never cum
inside you and you will never hear from me after our days are up.
Scott then waited for an answer for Crystal. He wanted only two
words possible out of her mouth, YES or NO. If it was YES, they
would continue and be gone on Friday. If it was no, they would
leave now and many people would find out about the pictures.

It was like Crystal was being blackmailed all over. The guy now
had his wife involved and if Crystal didn't allow it to happen, he
would give out her pictures. Her sobbing got louder but finally
thru it all came the small headshake that said she agreed. Even
Jan could see tears running down her ex-coach's cheeks. It didn't
really affect either Jan or Scott, but this new turn of events
had a huge affect on Crystal. She never wanted to be with a woman
and this was all too new for her. They gave Crystal five minutes
to dry up the tears and settle down. Crystal again heard the guy
say from now on, he would not cum inside her. That was his promise,
only she had to continue to cooperate and allow his wife in on
the deal. As hard as it was, Crystal shook her head just a little
up and down that she agreed. Now it was time for Scott to get back
on track. He knew Crystal was still sobbing but he didn't let it
affect him. He pushed Crystal up to her knees and had Jan get
behind her. Then Crystal felt her legs being pulled wider and
someone moving between them. She didn't know if it was the guy or
his wife. A tongue started again running up and down her pussy.
While Jan started this all over, Scott set up the camera on the
little box and turned the auto snap sequence on. Again every five
seconds the shutter clicked off another photo.

Crystal had her head down in shame and was barely controlling
her emotions. It was then she felt a hand on her head and
before she knew what was happening, her lips were being parted
by a hard dick. She now knew exactly who was in front of her and
who was behind her. For the first time in her life, she was
being used by two people at once. The guy was running his dick
in and out of her mouth and his wife was slowly licking her cunt.
Even while she had her mouth full, the tears flowed down the side
of her face. She had no control over anything. Her mind told her
she would win the tiny battle, but she lost a major one today.
Another person was now using her body to pleasure herself. And
it made Crystal very upset that she could do nothing to stop it.
It took Scott about two minutes before he felt like he was going to
come. He thought about it and didn't want to waste his first huge
load inside Crystals mouth. He quickly pulled out of Crystal and
went over to his bag of goodies. He pulled out the package of
fake pregnancy pills and pulled Jan's head off of Crystal for a
second. He let Jan watch as he opened the metal foil package and
pulled out the long pregnancy pill. Again, only he knew it wasn't
a real pregnancy stopper. He pushed the pill deep inside or Jan's
wet pussy then had her move away from Crystal.

They waited about six minutes then Scott had Jan start back up
on Crystal. Crystal sort of cringed when she felt the tongue on
her pussy. She figured it was the wife again and she was right this
time. A couple minutes later, after Scott made sure the camera was
filming and was in the right position, he moved behind Jan and
guided his unprotected dick right to her tight pussy hole. He pressed
in and his dick spread Jan's tight pussy ring open and his dick
slid all the way in. While Jan licked on a pussy, she was getting
her cunt fucked by Scott. Scott was still worked up from the soft
blow job he got a little earlier. It took less then two minutes
for him to shoot two days of saved up sperm deep inside the wet
moist pussy that he was fucking. Jan knew she was protected and
this did not bother her one little bit. Scott pulled Jan's cunt
as deep onto his dick as he could get it and he let every ounce
of sperm drip out of his dick. Jan's cunt got one of his largest
spermals to date. He had been really worked up over the last two
days and his dick was ready to get it's release.

It was then he again stopped everything, turned Crystal over
and told her the last ten minutes were about here. Crystal knew
this was when she normally got fucked for a few minutes. She waited
and wasn't surprised when her hand was led to a dick that was just
a few inches over her tummy. She was on her back and she felt the
dick closely to make sure it was protected good. When she dropped
her hand, the dick was guided to her pussy. But before it slipped
inside her, the top half was again cut away. Scotts unprotected
dick was then pressed to the entrance of Crystals cunt and pushed
completely inside her. Scott kept to the normal routine and allowed
Crystal to feel half his dick pressed up inside. Crystal felt the
rubber and knew this day was just about done. When she again
dropped her hand, it signaled Scott that he could start fucking her
for real. He pointed to Jan's pussy then to Crystals brightly
painted red lips. Jan got the message immediately. She was having
so much fun today.

She quickly went over and grabbed Crystals hands and put them
straight out on the ground over her head. Jan then positioned her
body over top Crystals head and slowly squatted down. Suddenly
Crystal felt the goo touch her lips but her hands were being
held above her head by Jan. In a rather rapid movement, Jan spoke
for the first time and told Crystal to stick her tongue out and
start licking her very nicely. Nothing happened. Jan told her
again and nothing happened. It was then that Crystal heard the
wife tell her husband to removed the rubber from his dick and
fuck this uncooperating bitch till he came. The terror stuck
Crystal immediately. She couldn't move or fight and she had to
make a decision immediately. She knew she had no choice and her
tongue came out to meet the gooey pussy now resting on her lips.
As soon as it did the wife told her husband to wait, maybe the
bitch is cooperating. Then Crystal was told to lick that pussy
like it was a sucker or the dick would fuck her without a rubber.

As much as it really disturbed Crystal, her tongue started moving
up and down the pussy. It tasted awful to Crystal and smelled
just like a pussy would. It was not something Crystal liked at all
but her tongue started moving up and down the pussy lips. Crystal
was being fucked very hard and the guy had now moved her legs up
over his shoulders. She was split wide open and being used by
this couple in any way they wanted. Crystal never even felt the
dick fucking into her, her mind only concentrated on the hot juices
that were really starting to flood her mouth. Then her tongue felt
something growing. It felt like a little knot, then Crystal realized
that it was the wife's clit and it was getting bigger and harder.
Every second Crystal's tongue would rub over the ever growing
knot. Her face was now getting soaked from the juices. It were
starting to change flavors and taste a little funny. It took another
minute before the bump that was the girls clit got as big as it
was going to and Crystals tongue only had to touch it one more time.
When it did, Jan started shaking and Cumming very hard for the
second time tonight. Jan just happened to look down as her stomach
muscles started to tighten and shake. This caused Jan's own pussy
to tighten and the result was all the goo and sperm that wasn't
real deep in her pussy was suddenly pushed out her cunt lips.

Jan was Cumming hard and Crystal knew it immediately. But then
Crystals mouth was welcomed by a taste she knew all too well. The
sperm flowed out Jan's cunt and covered Crystals tongue. She was
being flooded with Scotts cum that he had pumped into Jan a few
minutes earlier. Jan saw it and thought it probably tasted terrible
since it would be mixed in with the pregnancy pill. But actually
it was mixed in with the pill that was made for a person's butt, not
their cunt. As bad as it tasted, Crystal had to keep going and
just about that time, Scott finally got to blast Crystal's cunt
full of cum. With her legs high over her head, the cum really shot
right to the point where it would do most good, the entrance to her
womb. It all puddled there and they all waited their turn to work
their way upstream. It had been over three weeks since Crystals
last period. Every day now was like playing Russian roulette. Sooner
or later, Crystal would probably end up loosing the game.

Everybody finally moved away from Crystal and it was Scott that
got a towel and cleaned her up. He got both the girls and had
them follow him upstairs. Of course he had to guide Crystal because
she was still blind folded. He undressed Crystal and had Jan
undress herself. Jan put the slut clothes back into the right places
then came into the bathroom. Scott put both the girls in the shower
and moved the shower curtain wide open. He took pictures as Jan
soaped up both their bodies. Then Jan pulled Crystal close and
pressed her body up tight to against hers. Crystal could feel the
guy's wife and her boobs were now smashing into hers. In an instant
the guys wife pinned her hands behind Crystals back and then
started kissing her. Crystal felt like she was going to be sick
but the woman pulled back and pulled Crystals hand up high behind
her back till they hurt. She told Crystal she had better start
kissing her back or else. Crystal had no choice. When the wife
kissed her again, she played along the best she could. Finally
the girl let go of Crystals hand and Crystal continued to
cooperate. Scott was getting some fantastic girl on girl pictures
now as Crystal really did look like she was trying. After just
two minutes, Scott had Jan rinse off, get out and get dressed.
All the time Crystal was still full of soap. Finally Crystal
heard the normal words, 'Check under your porch in the morning, only
four days left'!

Scott and Jan were out of there. In 30 seconds they were out the
gate and quickly went to Jan's car that was a few blocks away. In
the meantime, Crystal was on the shower floor crying. This had set
her back quite a lot. This was just as bad as the first day it
happened. She was a mess and it took her hours to recover any at all.
Again that night with her husband she had to run to the bathroom a
couple times to cover up the tears. She had not yet found a way
to cope with what happened today. And now another person was using
her without her permission. She just wanted it all over. And she
still had four days to go.

After they left the teachers house, Jan and Scott went to his house
and they spent two hours talking about how great it was and watching
the pictures taken today. Scott had not seen Jan this happy in a
while. She kept thanking Scott for inviting her and fixing it up
so she was suppose to be his wife. Now she could also join in and
her ex-coach would know she was with another girl. That even made it
so much better, because unknown to anyone, she was kicked off the
team for making a pass at another player and the player turned her
in. It was the coach that said girls like Jan didn't need to be
playing sports. They were giving the girls game a bad name. So that
was why Jan was removed from the team. The coach promised Jan she
would not tell anybody the reason and as far as Jan knew, she did
not. But this was such a great payback just for that reason. Jan
just could not be happier. It was around 3:30 when Jan said she
better be going. Scott didn't say a word after that and it did
strike Jan as being funny that Scott got so quiet. It wasn't till
around 6:00pm that it struck Jan what she had forget. Scott was
promised one hour of Jan doing anything he wanted. That was to
be his payment for getting Jan so deep into things. She couldn't
believe she had done it again. No wonder he wasn't talking.

Jan didn't even call Scott. She dressed up in the sexy hot outfit
and raced over to Scotts house. When Scott finally came to the
door, she begged for his forgiveness. She had forgotten all about
the promise for a second time. Scott was not amused. In fact,
Scott told Jan how upset he was. And for the first time, Scott
actually was a little upset. It took Jan five minutes to really
get Scott to talk. It was Jan that pleaded with him to take his
hour or two and do what he wanted. She wouldn't complain no matter
what he came up with. Those words changed everything. Scott was
working on something for Jan to do but he wasn't sure if he could
get her to do it. Again, it was pushing her to the next step. He
really asked if she would cooperate tonight with his fun plans for
her. She smiled and told him again, I'll do whatever you want for
two hours instead of one. Just lead me on......

Scott told Jan to sit there and he would be right back. He let
her again watch some old pictures of the schoolteacher as he
left the room and went to the living room. He called up a number
he had gotten from the paper earlier and asked what time the
event was taking place tonight. 8pm sharp was the reply. Scott
had 45 minute to get there. He went back in and looked over
Jan's outfit. It was the same one she knew he liked. His first
command was for her to go freshen up her makeup. And he sort of
wanted it like today, but she didn't have to quite go that far.
Just make him happy. Jan didn't know what Scott wanted but she
went in and with the makeup in her purse, made her face a lot
more brighter. When Scott saw her, it was perfect. Scott then
asked if she had perfume, and when Jan pulled the little bottle
out of her purse, he put it on her himself. He seemed like he
sprayed her for five minutes. The sweet heavy smell was all over
her body. The very last thing he did was stand her up, throw
her undies on his bed, and turn off the lights. By now Jan was
sort of use to being in the dress without undies. It was very
hard to keep her short dress down, but somehow she thought she
always got away with it.

Scott wouldn't tell her where they were going but he made her
again promise not to disappoint him. He went into a small spill
about how much he worked to get her into the position she now
had with the schoolteacher, but Jan always forgot when it was
suppose to be his turn with her. Jan turned and looked directly
at Scott, tonight, I won't let you down. I know it's your night
for two hours. Now lets go have some fun. Tonight Scott was driving
his car and as he got about a block away from where he was going,
he told Jan to close her eyes and not open them. This was again
going to be a big surprise for her. Jan didn't skip a beat. She
shut her eyes and even put her hands up to cover them so Scott
would know she was really cooperating. Scott pulled in the bar
and read the sign out front, PERFECT! He made sure he parked on
the side of the building then told Jan he would be back in about
four minutes. She was to sit there and not move out of the car.
She was allowed to open her eyes but all she could see was the
side of a building. Scott jumped out and went inside real quick.
He asked for the manager and within a minute he had told the guy
about his girlfriend in the car and her hidden fantasy. The
manager listened and then decided that he could work with Scott
and to bring her in. Scott asked if Jan could do it now, and the
manager said sure, just bring her in the side door over there.

Scott now had a super outing planned and his dick was hard in
his pants thinking about it. He helped Jan out of the car and
her dress was so short she had to really hold it down why she
walked. Right before they turned the corner, Scott had Jan
close her eyes again and promise to keep them closed. When Jan
promised, Scott guided her around the corner and into the small
bar. He used the side door the manager said to use. The manager
was right there waiting and guided both Scott and Jan to a point
in the floor. Jan heard the loud music playing but wasn't sure
where they were at. Jan didn't know it but she was standing right
in the middle of a stage. The lights were only half on and the
curtain was closed. Scott then asked Jan if she really was going
to cooperate. Jan told Scott if she didn't cooperate, he could
bar her the next couple days from seeing the teacher. And Scott
knew how much she wanted to see the teacher. This was all Scott
needed to hear. He told Jan to keep her eyes closed until he
told her to open them. He then gave the thumbs up signal to the
manager.

Right on cue a new sexy song started to play and the stage lit
up like it was daylight. The curtain flew open and Jan heard a lot
of guys whistling and shouting. It was then Jan was told to remove
her hands. The lights were bright and she couldn't really see out
into the audience. But she was about five feet above them all in
the tiny skirt that all of them could now easily see up. She
was struck with fear as she heard Scott tell her to just slowly
dance around the stage. The crowd was still yelling and whistling
because even with her just standing there, they were getting a
great view of her completely shaved pussy. Scott finally got her
attention and he told her to just dance around the stage. At first
Jan didn't move, but she couldn't see into the audience because
the lights were too bright and Scott was now threatening to keep
her away from teacher for two days. She was scared to death but
finally she did as Scott asked. She started to sway with the music
and finally didn't even try to look into the crowd. Her face was
bright red but you couldn't tell because she had put a lot of
makeup on just for Scott. She loosened up just a little but she
still wasn't dancing that good. The song lasted about four minutes
and all the crowd was making so much noise about her being on the
stage that she couldn't understand anything.

Finally the song started to end and the curtain slowly started to
close. Jan was never so happy the curtain was closing. Her entire
body shook from fear and nerves. When the curtain was completely
closed, the announcer started working the crowd up and Jill could
hear the guys really screaming and yelling. She didn't know how
many were out there but it sounded like a hundred or more. It was
then that Scott came over. He told Jan how good she had done and
how happy he was that she wasn't backing out on her promise. Jan
thought it was over and she was relieved. But Scott made her promise
that he would get his two hours. Jan was just shaking her head
to agree. Her nerves were still right out there on the edge. She
heard Scott tell her a new order. Close your eyes again. He
had to tell her twice before she finally did. Then she heard Scott
tell her not to disappoint him as tomorrow he had some great things
planned for the schoolteacher and her. Just as Jan was shaking her
head ok, she felt Scott pull her arms up over her head and hold
them there. Scott gave a little headshake to the manager and the
loud music started up again. At that very moment Scott used his
other hand to pull the tiny dress up very quickly off Jan's
body. The dress cleared her head just as the curtain was opened
most the way.

Scott moved away fast and Jan still had her hands above her head.
The roar became so loud it drowned out the music. Scott told
Jan to open her eyes and she knew instantly the crowd was watching
her stand there totally naked. Jan was now in so much fear she
was stuck like in stone. The crowd was whistling and the manager
now had Scott's camera and was taking pictures from the crowd.
Jan couldn't see anything but knew she was the target of all the
crowds noise. Her eyes instantly shut and she started hearing
Scott again telling her to dance. DANCE DAMIT, DANCE, MOVE.
It took the threat of never letting her see the school teacher to
break the spell and have Jan move. Just like before she moved a
little to the music but not a lot. The crowd was getting a real
amateur and they knew it. Tonight was amateur night but it was
suppose to be a topless show only. None of the guys knew they
would be getting this little show. Jan could hardly move but she
did turn around some. The show was better then a professional act
because every guy out there knew this was some innocent wife or
girlfriend. They loved Jan and let her know it. The cheers were
very loud. But Jan wasn't doing too good.

It was then that Scott went out on stage and a few boos rang
out. They didn't want to see the boyfriend or husband, just
Jan. But Scott had other plans. He went up to Jan and felt how
stiff her body was. She was just about pinned to the one location.
She felt and heard Scotts voice and was so happy he was there.
He guided her further forward on the stage. Her eyes were tightly
closed because she didn't want to see anything. She didn't have
any ideal who was in the crowd or how many there were. She felt
Scott sort of push her back and soon her butt was on the stage
and she was sitting. Scott told her to just keep her eyes closed
and that's exactly what she was doing. Her mind was frozen with
the thought of so many people being in the crowd. Her mind relaxed
just a little hearing Scott's voice. Then Scott pushed her back
and she was now laying flat on her back on the stage. With her
eyes closed, she didn't know she was at the very front of the stage.
Many guys were standing and were within a few feet of her. They
were out of reach but they could see her just like she was there
next to them. In a matter of seconds, her legs were being parted
and then lifted. She had no control of her body, the hands touching
her were doing everything. Soon her knees were high in the air and
her feet were pinned up against her butt. Her knees were a good
yard apart. In other words, she was spread wide open and the music
and crowd just got louder.

Everybody was calling for MORE, MORE, MORE. Over on the side the
manager was now onstage behind Jan and was taking pictures that
showed the crowd in the background and Jan laying there spread
open for them to see. Jan's mind wasn't ready for all this. She
could barely move. Then the familiar hand took her hand and the
crowd absolutely went nuts. Her own fingers were now resting on
her shaved cunt lips. Soon the hand started guiding her hand
up and down her pussy. Scott familiar voice told her relax, rub
your pussy and we can go home. Rub your pussy and we can go home.
Jan could barely hear Scott even thought he was right next to her.
The words kept entering her ears, rub your pussy and we can go
home. The music was loud and it took a minute before Scott felt
Jan's hand move some on its own. He kept up the verbal assault,
rub your pussy and we can go home. He lifted his hand off of Jan's
and sure enough, she was making small circles with her fingers.
Jan could easily feel her freshly shaved pussy and just then
remembered that her pussy didn't even have one hair on it. To
these guys it was a visual signal that she was a girl looking
to be fucked. Her hands trembled at the thought of what she knew
she must have looked like to each guy standing out in the crowd.
Everybody in the place was there at the stage watching. Even
Scott could barely see because the lights were right in his eyes
also. He then started talking to Jan, telling her to rub herself
and think of the hot little school teacher. Jan's fingers took on
a more active role. The voice in her mind really got her going.
Jan's pussy began to really get wet. Soon she was about to explode.

Unknown to even Scott there were 15 or 20 cameras in the room. This
was suppose to be an amateur topless contest, so a lot of guys
had brought their cameras. This show was more then anyone would
have guessed could happen. Flashes were going off left and right of
Jan masturbating for the crowd. Then with the voice in her mind
telling her to think of the schoolteacher and all the sexy things
she did to her, her cunt became a fireball of heat and her clit
stood up and started an earth moving orgasm. Jan's stomach muscles
tied into knots and her ass came off the ground about a foot. Her
fingers finished rubbing her pussy and clit and she bounced up and
down on the floor about six times. Now not even Scott could hear
himself talk. The roar was outrageous and finally the overhead
lights turned off. There in front of Scott was about 85 guys and
20 or so girls. They were all packed at the front of the stage
and they were all clapping and cheering for the girl and what she
just did. It was a quick decision but Scott decided to go with it.
He moved behind Jan and lifted her head some so people could see
her. Then he put his head close to her ears and told Jan to open
her eyes. He must have told her ten times before her eyes started
to flicker and Jan came back down to reality. In an instant she
looked around and saw probably 100 people right in front of the
stage staring up at her spread open body. Her finger was still
laying on her pussy and it was soaking wet.

She was again petrified and could not move. Luckily she didn't
understand that the bright lights going on and off were camera
flashes. Finally the manager pulled the curtains closed and the
show was over. The roar never stopped as Scott slipped Jan's dress
back over her head. The manager came back and handed Scott his
camera and also five 100 dollar bills. His girlfriend had easily
won first place tonight. The manager didn't even know if any of
the other girls would be interested in competing tonight. Scott
helped Jan out the side door and over to the car. For a good
30 minutes, her face did not move. Scott found a good place to
park the car and for the next hour, he sat with Jan and brought
her back out of her mini comma. Finally she was talking and
could not believe what she was just made to do. It was the second
time in just two days that she had masturbated in front of complete
strangers, and tonight there must have been 100 of them. Scott
was holding her tight and kept telling Jan how good she was
tonight. It took a while before Scott decided he could start
driving home. He decided to drop Jan off at her house first. She
walked inside like she was a zombie. Scott quickly drove home and
started watching the pictures the manager had taken. These would
be anybody's favorite. To show her fingering and rubbing herself
in front of 100 cheering and wildly happy guys, well, it was some
of the best photos he had. For the next two hours he looked at them
time and time again, then he remembered he had to get the note ready
for tomorrow.

Both girls were at home and partially traumatized by what had happened
with them today. Crystal was still feeling terrible about what she
had to do with another girl, Jan couldn't get the thought of about
100 guys watching her masturbate herself. But both girls knew they
couldn't quit and knew more things like that was sure to happen to
them. Both girls knew the consciquences if they just didn't do it.
For Crystal, it was her entirely normal life in the balance. For
Jan, it was the utter thrill of the new things she was able to do
with her ex-schoolteacher and the new things that Scott had
introduced her to. Sure, some things like tonight was way beyond
where she wanted to go, but many things he introduced were just
things she now longed to live for. Scott decided to write the
School teacher a longer note then usual. He told her how she only
had four days to go. And reminded Crystal that after Friday, she
could destroy all the pictures her husband had taken and they
could never be used against her. Plus Scott again promised he
would never bother Crystal again. Of course, all of it was true.
But things Crystal didn't know was that Scott will have at least
another 2000 pictures of her that she will not be able to destroy.
That her pussy was getting two loads of fresh hot sperm everyday.
And that she would never really live the same life again, even
after her blackmailer disappeared.

The next morning Crystal didn't even want to go check under the
porch. But she knew she had to. She got the package and read it
all and really sat down and tried to think everything all out.
She knew there was nothing she could do to stop things. She had
been forced to perform for the guy six times so far, and each time
the one thing she didn't want him to do, well, she was able to
keep him from doing it. She had to make it thru four more days but
she now had another woman in the picture. For an hour she really
dreaded everything that was about to happen. But something snapped
when she reread the note for the third time. Her mind went into
some type of protection mode and she started telling herself she
could do it. Keep with the plan, do what they wanted, and don't
let the guy cum inside her. She just had to think about other
things, think about next Monday when her life would be exactly
back to normal, and finally see it as a huge lesson learned and
never let anything like this go on again. By 11:00 in the afternoon,
Crystal had convinced herself that no matter what happened, she
would win out in the end and that would be the end of it. She
actually got up and did a few things until noon came around.

Jan had spent a lot of the night just picturing in her mind all
the guys she saw at the very end. It was very hard to get out of
her mind but then she would think of what she forced the school
teacher to do and she would immediately be turned on. She was
stuck between how bad she felt in front of all the guys and how
great she was made to feel when with her ex-coach. It was about
11:00 in the morning when as a big surprise, Scott knocked at
her door. He was there to make sure she was OK and would still be
coming over to Crystals house. They both went to Jan's room and
a long open discussion took place. Jan told Scott how much yesterday
really affected her. Then Scott reminded her that she gave up
complete control to him. That was part of their bargain. Then Jan
said she wasn't sure she could continue with it all.

Scott started thinking very quickly. He asked Jan if she could do
anything with the teacher today, what would make her forget
everything that had happened to her so far. Jan only took a second
to come up with the answer. She had been dreaming about it for
a couple days. I'd love to FUCK the straight little bitch with
one of my large fake dicks. Scott sort of laughed and then just
said "DO IT"! Jan looked at him funny and asked if he was serious?
'YES', get what you need and bring it today. I will give you all
the time you want. Remember, that's our deal. You get the school
teacher for "ANYTHING" you want, then you have to give me things
like yesterday. I know you don't like them, but it's a tradeoff
that makes both of us really happy. Scott told Jan to think about
it real hard. She had four days to really use the school teacher
in just about any way she wanted. BUT, she still had to give in
to Scott later on in the evening. Jan could just stop now and
forget about everything, or she could have the time of her life
with the schoolteacher and maybe enjoy some of the things Scott
might make her do. Jan knew that she really wanted to fuck the
coach that kicked her off the team. She forgot all about her
troubles and put on a quick smile. The next words out of her mouth
were "What are we sitting here for, the schoolteacher is waiting"!

Jan got up, filled a little bag with some of the toys she wanted,
and together they drove over to Crystals house. They waited till
noon before going up to the fence. Crystal did not let them down.
She was right there on the porch with her mask on. This time
Jan was really up to the task. She took control and guided Crystal
upstairs. She even told Crystal to sit on the bed so that Crystal
would know it was her now in charge. Crystal heard the woman's
voice and tried her best not to let it affect her. Scott was there
and spoke up for a second. Is our deal still in place? Tell me
so I know what to expect. Crystal just held her head up and shook
her head YES. YES YES YES. Scott was hoping that she was still
going to be cooperative. Jan picked out Crystals clothes and today
she was going to be the little MAID girl again. It took about ten
minutes to get her dressed, makeup put on, and perfumed all up.
Scott was not going to let Jan off the hook either. He picked out
the outfit for her. To Jan's relief, it was the super short skirt
that barely came halfway down her ass. To her, this was the least
outfit to worry about. Why Jan got dressed for Scott, Scott took
Crystal downstairs and started snapping pictures.

By the time Jan got there, Scott was done with the preliminary
pictures and had put Crystal down on the blanket. Jan took
control just about immediately. She knew if she was going to pay
tonight with some public showing, then the school teacher was
going to pay now and for the next hour to come. Immediately Jan
started pulling her toys out of the bag. She attached a harness
around her hips and legs and this allowed her to attached one of
three fake dicks she brought with her. She selected the medium
size dick to start with. It was long but not too thick. It really
looked like a real guys dick and felt like one too. But it was
made out of some type of very realistic rubber. Scott started
taking pictures immediately. Jan started to make out with Crystal
and Crystal could feel the girls body up against her. She had
no way of knowing that Crystal had the fake dick on her body.
Crystal didn't fight but she didn't respond the greatest either.
Jan French kissed her ex-coach and let her fingers run thru
Crystal's cleanly shaved pussy. It took about a minute for Jan to
feel the hot wet liquid start to flow out of Crystal's pussy.
Crystal might not have wanted the contact from the other girl but
her body did not know how to resist the soft touch of Jan's fingers.

Soon Jan's hand was covered with wet slippery liquid. It was then
Jan acted just like a guy. She slowly moved her body right on top
of Crystal and while still deeply kissing her, used one hand to
guide the fake dick right to the source of the hot juices. Before
Crystal knew what happened, Jan pushed forward and slide the
stiff dick deep inside her. It caught Crystal by complete surprise.
She was being fucked, but how? Then her mind realized that this
was the girl wearing a fake dick. Crystal couldn't believe what
she was having to go thru. But Crystal was still being French kissed
and couldn't really move to do anything about it. Then Crystal
felt her legs being lifted high. It was Jan pulling Crystal up
and splitting her body in two. This allowed Jan to really drive
the long dick deep inside Crystals pussy. For the first time,
something actually hit the bottom of Crystals cunt. It made her
jump because nothing had been that deep inside her before.

Scott watched for about thirty seconds then noticed his dick was
as hard as a rock. He quickly set the camera up to auto record, then
ran around to the head of Crystal. In a matter of seconds his dick
was out of his zipper and he grabbed Crystal's head with his hands.
He guided his dick to her brightly painted lips and pushed it
forward. Crystal had no choice but to part her lips and let the
real cock enter her mouth. She was now being fucked at both ends.
She fought hard to control her emotions. She wanted to cry but she
didn't want either of the two to see her like that again. She did
an excellent job of controlling her emotions. But she soon forgot
about crying because within three minutes, her mouth was flooded
by a load of hot sperm that shot directly down her throat. She
sort of gagged as she swallowed every little drop of it. The guy
in her mouth finally moved away but her pussy was still being
quickly fucked by the fake cock the girl was wearing. Finally
even that stopped. But Jan wasn't done for long. She just stopped
to change dicks. Her first dick was normal size but long. The
second dick was double the width. It was normal length, but Scott
had never seen a guys dick that wide before. This was going to be
great payback for Jan. None of her girlfriends ever let her use
this dick, and Jan was going to get to try it out finally on her
old soccer coach. This seemed to make everything worth it.

For this Jan asked for Scotts help. She flipped Crystal onto her
knee's and then asked Scott to again feed his cock to her mouth.
Only Jan wanted him to hold her head and not let her move. Scott
knew this was Jan's day so he wanted to see how all this would
work out. He made sure the camera had the perfect angle then he
quickly guided Crystals head to his half hard dick. Crystal
was surprised that the half hard dick was again pressed into her
mouth. But that was better then in her pussy. She started to suck
slowly on the dick when she felt her head being held rather tightly.
Five seconds later, Crystals nightmare of the day began. Jan started
to slowly push the wide rubber cock up into Crystals small tight
pussy. At first the beginning of the head started to slip in easy.
But then as it got thicker, Crystals pussy wouldn't accept any more.
Scott was busy pulling Crystals head on and off his cock. Jan
worked for a better angle then pulled out a little and pushed in
real hard. It was then that Crystal felt something big trying to
push up inside her. Her first reaction was to move but she was
being held tightly by the guy in front of her. Jan tried once, then
twice but she could only get the very tip inside the teacher.

Then Jan grabbed Crystal's hips, pulled just a little out, then
pushed her dick forward while pulling Crystal's waist back toward
her. The pressure was far too great for Crystals pussy to keep the
large invader out. Her lips were stretched wide open and the entire
head of the large dick pushed its way up inside the tight little
pussy. Crystal thought she was being torn in two. The cock was huge
and it was about two inches inside her. She tried to move but
nothing seemed to help. Scott pushed her head forward and backward
and now this even caused the dick to push in even deeper. Once it
was inside, Crystal had nothing that could stop it from digging
even deeper into her body. Scott looked at Jan's face and she had
the largest smile that he had ever seen on Jan. She was really
enjoying this and she started to rock her body forward and
backward. Jan's plan was to get all six inches of this wide cock
completely inside Crystals tight little cunt. This would teach her
to kick her off the team. All of Jan's frustrations came out with
each hard push of her body. She started fucking Crystal as hard
and deep as she could. Crystal for a second thought she was going
to pass out. It seemed like it was killing her. But slowly her
body started to adjust to the monster and it didn't seem near as
big now. It was then that the attack on her clit started.

Jan started fingering Crystal's click in the same motion that she
was fucking her. At first it had no effect, but soon the little
button started to grow and this caused her pussy to excrete even
more slippery lotion. This helped the large dick slide in even
easier and all of a sudden everything started to feel good. Even
though her lips were pulled out so wide they looked contorted, the
feeling was really turning into something nice. Jan finally got her
wish when the huge dick bottomed out with all six inches buried
completely in Crystals cunt. Now each movement was a long five
inch stroke with Jan bottoming out each time. Jan's fingers were
really getting wet and she could even feel the small clit growing
beneath her rubbing. It took about two minutes after that and
Crystal started moving her hips all around. She then pushed back
hard to meet one of Jan's long thrusts and her body came in wave
after wave. The feeling of being stuffed and Cumming at the same
time was something Crystal would think about for years to come.
There would never be a way to match this orgasm unless you again
filled her pussy with this much cock. And her husband wasn't even
a third this wide. That's why for many years to come, Crystal didn't
know it yet, but her thoughts would be on this fucking, by this
girl, by this huge dick. And her husband would never know why he
couldn't make Crystal cum. This big monster dick changed the
fantasies that Crystal would have. She didn't know it now, but
months from now, it would happen.

Finally Jan was done and when Scott looked at both Jan and Crystal,
they both had far off looks on their faces. It was then Scott had
an ideal. He pulled Jan aside and then went over to where Crystal
was still on her knees. He asked Crystal if they left her right now,
gave her the rest of the day as a FREEBIE, would she promise to be
the most cooperative tomorrow that she had ever been. If she couldn't
promise, then they would stay another half hour and continue on with
their normal things. But if she did, they would leave and she would
actually be done with another day. Crystal only had to think a
second, then the words came out of her mouth, I PROMISE TO MAKE
TOMORROW A VERY COOPERATIVE DAY. The last thing Scott said was that
if she broke her promise, and made his wife upset tomorrow, he
would punish her by wearing not rubber at all. Even the thought
had Crystal about to cry. She had figured it out the other day
and she was just at the three week mark since her last period.
Anything happening, just one little mistake, and she could definitely
become pregnant. She made a big mental note that no matter how
bad things went tomorrow, she could not make them think she was
not cooperating. She took the guys threat VERY VERY seriously.

Scott turned Crystal over on her back and told her to relax. With
that he took Jan inside and got her dressed back into her normal
clothes. Then in a move that surprised Jan, they both left out
the back gate. As they were just leaving, Scott told Crystal to
remove her mask in three minutes. And remember to check in the
morning. Once they got to the car, Jan asked why they left so
quickly. Scott started telling her his plan. Even Jan liked it.
And then Scott asked how she liked fucking her old coach. The big
smile returned, it was a dream come true. Then Scott pulled over
and turned to Jan, what about tonight? A small smile came up on
her face, then she finally spoke. "YES, I'll be over for my public
humiliation, I promised and I think I can handle it"! Scott was
very happy at the change in Jan's attitude. He didn't know why
it happened, but that's exactly what he wanted to do with Jan. She
was the girl who hated guys, so her main punishment would always be
to be put on show for them whenever Scott could manage it.

Scott was even more surprised I think then Crystal was when the
huge dick made her cum. The next two hours, they watched the fresh
pictures of Jan fucking Crystal with the very huge cock. They also
planned tomorrow out. Jan had to make a few phone calls. Finally
Jan found the right person and it was all set to meet at her house
at 7:30 in the morning. Of course Scott had to get home to write the
new note and then at 8:00pm, Jan would drive over to let Scott
have his time. Jan really didn't know what would happen, but because
of all the things Scott was allowing her to do, she was somehow
just going to accept the fact that he was going to show her off.
And Jan had been telling herself all day, no matter what Scott had
her do, tonight she was going to show her first love how much she
could really go along and help out with his wishes. In other words,
Jan wanted to really participate tonight no matter what was involved.
Scott went back and wrote up the note. He reminded Crystal to
reshave in the morning, and not to forget that she was to really
cooperate in the morning. In fact, if she did her best, he would
make another day very easy for her. Of course he was just trying
his hardest to get her to respond back to everything. In fact, in
the note, he said that tomorrow he wanted her to actively participate
by kissing his wife back and really hugging onto her. If she was
good and it looked like she was trying to kiss and hug back, then
Scott would make it up to her another day. And he reminded Crystal
that there was only three days left. It was just about over. Don't
blow it all now after all you had to go thru.

He then decided to use that same technique on Jan. When Jan came
over that night, he immediately pushed her back on his bed and
made out with her for a good ten minutes. Jan really had a boyfriend
now in her eyes and it shocked her that she enjoyed every little
second she was in his arms. It was then that Scott again pulled her
tiny little undies off and Jan just assumed he would grab her up
and lead her to the car. This is how it had been the last couple
times. But instead, Jan saw Scott open a pregnancy pill, push it
up inside her and start making out with her for ten minutes. As soon
as the time was up, Scott moved on top of Jan and fucked her for
a good five minutes. He never took his lips off of Jan and it was
some of the best making out they had done. Then Scott pulled Jan
tight and shot his entire load as deep as he could. Tonight was
just to see that Jan's pussy got it's daily load of hot baby making
sperm. Scott held Jan like a boyfriend would for about ten more
minutes, then let her get up and put her undies back on. It was
then that Scott told her she deserves an easy day off, but she
had to promise to allow him complete control tomorrow night. And
she knew what that meant once they went out.

Jan was feeling so much in LOVE at that moment. Her feelings for
Scott was not just happiness and friendship, she had fallen for
the guy that was using her just like her used the school teacher.
Jan quickly shook her head and agreed that anything Scott wanted
her to do tomorrow, she would do without question. And she said
she knew she would probably have to show off somewhere, and now
she thought she could do it. That was like magic words to Scotts
ears. He now had the rest of the night to set up something really
EXPOSING to happen tomorrow night. He started writing down the
things he wanted to happen. Jan went back home and had that look
of puppy love on her face. Scott was her first true love and that
was always the hardest one to forget or breakup with. She thought
all night of Scott and the way she got to fuck the school teacher.
Both things really made her feel good inside. She also made a
promise to herself that whatever humiliation she went thru tomorrow
night, she was going to prove her love to Scott by participating
completely and not holding back. It would be the hardest thing
she probably ever had to do, but she was building her mind up so
she could actually do it for her one true love.

The next day was Wednesday, only three days left with the school
teacher. Scott went to Jan's house and when he got there he
was introduced to Linda. Linda was one of Jan's old lover and
never failed to come to Jan's bidding when Jan called. Linda
was told all about the school teacher and what had been going
on. She also knew the school teacher but only because she went
to the same school with Jan. She never had the teacher in any
of her classes. They briefed Linda on everything and told her
to remain as quiet as she could. They would guide her thru
everything with small hand signals. Jan guaranteed Linda she
would really enjoy it. Jan had also talked to Linda about Scott
for over an hour. Of course Jan made Scott sound so good that
Linda could not wait to meet him. When Jan actually told Linda
that Scott was her new found love, Linda about fainted right on
the phone. She had always known Jan as a man hater and she was
the last person that she would ever expect to have a guy. It was
so shocking she really couldn't even talk to Jan about it. She
just let Jan ramble on about how great Scott was and about how
he opened her eyes to what she was missing. Linda really now
wanted to know what this Scott had that turned Jan around 100%
in her thinking. She knew she just had to find out. Linda was
a girl lover only and had a few boyfriends early on, but she was
just like Linda, dropped them to become strictly girl lovers.
Now, Linda knew a guy had something that changed the most guy
hating girl she knew into a puppy love girl that was hooked on
him. Linda couldn't wait to find out how he did it.

They arrived at Crystals house and waited till the time was just
about noon. Linda walked behind the other two and watched everything
that was happening. In a matter of minutes, they had the school
teacher upstairs and this time Jan let Scott do all the selection
of clothes and makeup. The reason was she wanted a few last minutes
to talk to Linda. She asked Linda if she just wanted to help or
did she really want to feel how good it was to let her boyfriend
run everything. Linda wasn't sure what Jan was asking. Jan
finally asked her, do you just want to play some with the
school teacher, or do you think you can handle me, and Scott also.
Linda wasn't ready for this. She wasn't into guys and not sure about
how to answer. Jan poked her a couple times, let loose for one day
and try this. It might surprise you that you like it. If not, you
can forget about it and continue as you were. All the talk about
Scott and noticing how much Jan had changed because of him, well,
Linda decided for one only to try , it couldn't be that bad.
Linda got a huge smile and said what do I have to do?

Without missing a beat, Jan told her everything that she did. And
everything that Scott requested her to do. Do not turn down
anything, no matter what it is. Let your mind go and forget you
hate guys for just one day. I think it will be a real mind
changing experience. But if you can't agree now to everything, don't
even try it. It will just hurt me or Scott and I don't want that
to happen. It took Linda about ten seconds, then saying that she
would probably regret this, she told Jan she would follow and do
whatever they asked of her. Just about that time Crystal and Scott
came out of the bedroom and started down the hallway. Jan told
Scott right out loud in front of Crystal that she would be down
in ten minutes. Crystal was led downstairs and right out the back
door. Quickly Jan guided Linda in and for ten minutes Linda sat
stunned as both the girls were dressed is very slutty outfits.
Jan wore the strap outfit and she dressed Linda in the very short
skirt outfit. Today Crystal was also in a very tiny skirt and
see thru shirt with the red fishnet thigh highs on. Then Jan had
to fix up both hers and Linda's faces. When Linda saw the results,
she was totally shocked. Jan had fixed them both up as slutty
looking hookers. This was not a good start but Linda went along with
it. At least for now.

Scott really started to worry. Fifteen minutes had gone by before
he saw Jan appear in the door. And then to his total amazement,
Linda was dressed just as slutty and walking out right behind
Jan. Jan had the biggest smile on her face because she knew Scott
would be surprised and pleased. Jan grabbed Linda's hand and
guided her over to the teacher now laid out on the blanket. Linda
looked around and could see the houses right next door and if
anybody looked out their upstairs windows over into the yard, they
would see everything. This was really unusual to be happening out
in the open like this. Jan whispered for Linda to get between
the girls legs and make her pussy as wet as she could get it.
While Linda moved the girls legs open and started doing what she
also knew how to do very well, Jan moved to Crystals mouth and
started French kissing on her very softly. This was a little
surprising to Crystal because she knew by the smell and feel that
the guys wife was the one kissing on her. That meant he was between
her legs and his tongue felt exactly like it knew where to go.
Crystal remembered her promised and actually wrapped her arms
around Jan and made out pretty good with her. Jan loved every
second of it and Scott and his camera caught every hug and kiss.
Now the camera caught three different girls all going at it
together. This lasted about four minutes then Jan moved away and
had Linda also move away before the school teacher could cum.

Jan next took out a box and on the box it said 'BIRTH CONTROL'.
Linda and Scott watched as Jan opened two of the sealed pills
and first pushed one up her own pussy, then stood next to Linda
and with a look of question of Linda's face, Jan pushed the
second pill up Linda's pussy. Linda was about to speak when Jan
pulled her over to her bag and helped Linda put on the harness.
Linda could not believe the size of the huge dick that Linda
was strapping onto the harness. It was the same one that she
used yesterday on Crystal. Jan whispered in Linda's ear, wait
till I start really kissing on Crystal, then slowly fuck her
with this huge cock. Make sure you rub her clit and make her cum
on it. Linda was spellbound. She had always wanted to fuck a
girl also with a way too big dick, but just like Jan, she had
never found a girl who would let her. Now Linda was starting
to get excited about this. The last thing that Jan did before
she went to start kissing Crystal, was whisper something to Scott.
Scott couldn't believe what he was told and his eyes started
to glisten and open widely. Then Jan went to the head of Crystal
and began to make out with her again.

Scott quickly got the camera into position and clicked on the
auto picture function. He then sat back and watched everything
happening. First Jan made out for about two minutes with Crystal.
Jan made sure Crystals pussy was very moist and wet. Crystal
completely gave in and actually responded back to Jan just like
she promised Scott she would. Then Jan moved her lips for a second
and told Jan she was about to be fucked by Jan's husband, but he
wouldn't be needing a rubber. This brought complete fear to Crystal
because she had been playing her part perfectly. But then she
heard the wife tell her that her husband was wearing one of her
fake dicks, and she would be able to tell immediately it was not
real. Then Jan covered Crystals mouth and held her hands in her
own. Just then Jan said "OK hubby, you can start". That was an
easy signal for Linda to understand. Her entire body was shaking
at what she was about to do. She was outside in the open, wearing
a small slut outfit, and she was about to have one of her own
dreams come true. She could not even get her hands around the
monster dick. It was very large in her mind.

Slowly she pressed the monster up against Crystals tight little
pussy hole. This time the dick was also covered in baby oil so
it would get a much better start then yesterday. Just like
yesterday the head slipped it. Crystal was really worried because
she knew the wife was kissing her and that had to be the husband.
What if it really was his real dick. Then on the next push, she
knew it was not him. The small head disappeared and the huge
body again tried to enter the small pussy of Crystal's body.
Crystal grunted a few times but Jan never removed her lips or
let go of Crystal's hands. Push after push but the monster would
not pass the tight ring that protected the entrance to Crystals cunt.
Finally, Linda used the same method that Jan did yesterday. She
grabbed hold of both of Crystals hips, and with one hard push
down, she also pulled up on Crystals hips. A very loud moan came
from Crystals mouth. The monster forced the protective ring wide
open and dove in about two inches deep. Just the view of it
happening was close to enough to make Linda cum. She was very
excited now and couldn't take her eyes of the monster pushing and
forcing its way up into the cunt that looked way too small for it.
Scott waited another 30 seconds until the girl had most the
dick inside Crystal. He now moved in like Crystal told him to.

The girl was in her heaven. She now knew why this was so much fun
for Jan. But she then felt a presence behind her. She was on her
knees and fucking into Crystals body as good as she could. Then
the horror struck her. It was Scott behind her and he had already
lined up his dick with her cunt. He was just trying to find the
right angle. Her mind raced when suddenly she felt her own pussy
give way and Scotts dick found no resistance at all in sliding up
the slippery pussy. The girl was already really turned on and
she was really enjoying her fucking of the schoolteacher. At that
moment everybody heard Jan speak up. "That's it husband, fuck her
good. She promised to cooperate today and I know she will keep
her word". Of course Crystal assumed they were talking about her
but she was staring right at Linda when she said it. Linda wasn't
sure but staring back at Jan, she finally just put her head down
and shook it yes. She wasn't going to stop things.

Linda felt herself being fucked but she decided to concentrate on
her one lifelong wish. She fucked the huge dick inside Crystal
till she too bottomed out with it. Then she remembered what Jan
had told her. About rubbing the girls clit. Once she touched the
girls clit, she felt an immediate response. It got hard quickly
under Linda's touch and soon the girls cunt was so slippery, the
huge dick worked in and out without very much resistance. This
cock did more for Crystal then anybody really knew. It touched her
in places she didn't even know exist. Linda could actually feel
the teacher responding and pushing back some. Linda forgot about
the cock driving inside of her. Yea, it was there but her mind
only thought about how huge this monster cock was and she was
getting to fuck another girl with it. Linda watching it was very
close to Cumming herself. In fact, Linda came very hard about
20 seconds before Crystal did. Linda humped up and down very hard
driving the huge dick into Crystal fast and furiously. This was
what finished off Crystal and a huge loud moan came out of Crystals
mouth even though it was still covered with Jan's lips. And all
of this finally got Scott to where he wanted to be. Linda was
just started to slowly come down from her orgasm when the heat
in her cunt really increased and her pussy got totally wet and
moist. She had really forgotten for a minute she was being fucked
and for the first time since she was about 16, she had let a
guy fuck her. And just like Jan, this was the first load of sperm
to ever touch the insides of her cunt. When she came over here
she really didn't think anything could let a guy fuck her. She
also wasn't protected because she didn't think she would need it.
Now all the protection she had, was the long slender pregnancy
pill that Jan had put inside both of them. Linda now silently
prayed that it worked to perfection.

Finally everybody got up. Everybody but Crystal. She was still
laying there and when the huge dick was pulled from her body, her
cunt stayed open for about a minute. Crystal had never felt such
an orgasm before. It racked her entire body and even her arms
and legs tingled by it's force. She didn't understand why being
fucked by a fake dick could cause her body to react in such a way.
But right now she was sort of floating on cloud nine. Linda was
looking around and could not believe how quick everything had
just happened. She really came without even touching herself which
was a first for her. Then she remembered she was being fucked and
wondered now if that had anything to do with how great she felt.
She knew one thing, Jan was right. She would never forget this day.
She was just sort of scared about being fucked and loaded with
sperm in her unprotected pussy. She only had the pill inside her
to keep her belly from swelling up like a watermelon. But she
didn't have long to think. She now was pushed into position about
Crystals mouth. Scott was busy putting on a rubber. He started
everything out by grabbing Crystal's hand and guiding it to his
dick. Crystal now knew what was about to happen. Ten seconds later
she felt the dick inside her and again she was allowed to check it
out. Finally her hands were put at her side and the guy started
fucking her very fast. He also pulled her legs up and he heard
his wife tell her to start fucking him back. Crystal remembered
her promised and her ass moved in rhythm to the guy fucking her
from above. Crystal knew he would keep his promise and pull out.
He had every time before.

Just then Linda guided her wet gooey pussy to the teachers face.
She had never been licked right after a good fuck before. Her
pussy found Crystals lips and again Crystal heard the wife tell
her not to disappoint her or the rubber might disappear. Linda
was amazed how fast the teacher started licking up and down her
cunt. And her cunt was still oozing out the white gooey sperm from
the fuck she had just received. Crystal knew it in about four
seconds. She could taste the sperm mixed in with the gooey smelling
juices from the cunt above her. It still about made her sick but
she refused to let them know she wasn't cooperating. Crystal's
tongue was coated with every lick but she never stopped. Linda
was watching Scott fuck the girl and she could also look down and
see Crystal's tongue coated with white gooey sperm. It was all so
nasty and sexy that Linda lasted about three minutes. She again
came for the second time tonight. But when her stomach muscles
started contracting, it pushed more white goo directly only
Crystals tongue. Linda let Crystal lick her for another two minutes
and that was when Scott delivered his second load of the day into
an unprotected pussy. He knew he had tonight to work with Jan so
today was going to be for these two girls only.

Crystal felt the fuck abruptly stop and she knew the guy was pulling
out before he came. She had made it thru another day. She was sure
it was about over. But Linda, Jan, and Scott moved away a little
and they talked about calling it a day. It was Linda that sort of
said she was pretty much enjoying it. Scott and Jan both looked
at each other. Jan was the first to say they could go back in, but
again Linda would have to participate fully if they were to continue.
Linda didn't know what to make of it but she agreed. She wanted
to play with Crystal some and see what happened. Scott wanted them
to wait about ten minutes so they chatted the time away and poor
little Crystal was left laying there under the blinders. Right before
Linda went down to play with Crystal, it was Jan who told her not to
ruin things by not cooperating. Linda just shook her head and
headed down to where Crystal was. In no time Linda had laid on
top of Crystal, but her head was over Crystals pussy and Crystals
head was now right under Linda's pussy. In seconds both girls were
at each others pussy. Jan ran and got the camera and told Scott this
was her second present of the day to him. He told her to get up and
behind Linda and fuck her while Crystal was licking her pussy. It
would make great pictures and Linda might get a kick out of it.
Scott just hoped he could perform. He was getting more pussy then
his body could handle.

Again, Linda felt the contact with her body but this time her
face was buried in Crystals cunt. Scott was on his knees and had
to sort of hold his body up above both the girls so he wouldn't
add his weight to theirs. Then Linda felt the poking and so did
Crystal. She could feel the dick touch her tongue every now and
then as it tried to find the right angle to enter Linda's cunt.
Linda's cunt was soaking wet so the only thing keeping the dick out
was the wrong angle. It took about 20 seconds and the entire time
Linda's mind was racing with the thought that she was about to be
fucked by a guy she really didn't know for the second time today.
Just then it was too late as Linda felt her pussy lips split open
and the guys dick slide in. The dick split Linda's pussy lips
open nicely which allowed Crystals tongue complete freedom to Linda's
clit. Every rub of Crystals tongue gently slid across Linda's love
button and it was having a huge effect and very quickly. Even
Scott could feel the heat building as the juices became hotter and
her cunt became wetter.

Crystal wanted to stop but she knew she had just about completed
the day. She had put on a good show and not once stopped because
of anything. Crystal kept licking and Scott could feel her tongue
on the edge of his dick every time she stuck it out. Both Linda
and Scott were getting feelings they never had before. When Linda's
clit stood up perfectly straight, the next flick of her tongue
sent Linda moaning and shaking as hard as she ever had. Crystal
wasn't told to stop and she didn't. Halfway thru her explosion,
the feeling of the tongue and hot pussy juices allowed Scott to
cum for the third time today. He didn't cum near as much as the
first two time but he sprayed Linda's cunt with a fair amount of
cum. She knew it immediately and the worries again entered her mind.
But now as the sperm slowly leaked out with each thrust, it fell
directly into Crystals open mouth. Jan was getting these pictures
and she knew they were hot. The sperm just oozed out and went
right to the center of Crystals mouth. She could do nothing but
swallow the awe full goo down.

Two minutes later, Scott got up, Linda got up, and everybody was
done for today. Jan took Linda inside and they talked the entire
time they were upstairs changing. Linda could not believe what she
had done today. But at the same time she could not believe what
she somehow was let done to her. She was fucked twice today and
only one small pregnancy pill was there to protect her. She had no
way of knowing before she got here she would be fucked and spermed
or she would have supplied her own protection. Now she was at the
mercy of something somebody else decided to use. That part bothered
her just a little. But she did confide to Jan that fucking the
teacher and licking the teacher were two of the best experiences
she had ever had. Jan just laughed and told her she would like it.

As the girls were walking downstairs, Scott was just bringing
Crystal in. The girls waited in the car and Scott showed up about
ten minutes later. They all drove back to Jan's house and talked
about three hours. They all ended up stating it was one of the most
sexiest days of all. Linda then left and Scott said his goodbyes.
Jan then reminded him she didn't forget and what time should she
show up. She was really up about everything and Scott could see it.
Scott told her 8pm would do nicely. Scott left with a large grin
on his face. His own sex slut had set him up with another girl
that didn't like guys and damn if he didn't get to fuck her twice
today also. He was living a dream and he knew it.

That night Crystal was just happy that she made it thru the day.
She put a real front up and didn't let her know how much she
hated the wife touching her. But she came harder then she ever
had before when the guy wore the big fake dick and fucked her.
She could still remember the feeling of her hands and feet
tingling and feeling so good. She didn't know why something
fake could make her feel that way. She also didn't know a second
girl was there today, and she was the one that fucked her with the
big fake dick. Crystal was quickly understanding that things went
better if she just didn't fight, just didn't cry or think about it,
and just pretended like she was helping out. She made it thru the
day and her head was not between her legs likes a couple other
days in the past. She only had two days left, only two days.
She couldn't wait.

Linda was up most the night. She went home and took a hot shower,
she cleaned her pussy out three times in the hope of getting all
the sperm out of it. But her thoughts kept returning to that huge
round dildo fucking in and out of the teachers cunt. Even thinking
about it now make her get excited. She really would like to do that
again, but wasn't sure she wanted the entire package that went with
it. That's what kept her up the entire night thinking.

As soon as Scott got home, he called the same phone number he
had called yesterday. But nobody was answering. He didn't know
it was too early and they weren't open. He tried every ten minutes.
It wasn't till 7:30 that he finally caught the manager opening up.
He quickly asked if this was the same guy that he met last night,
the one that took some pictures for him. Now the manager knew who
was on the phone. He laughed and said they talked about that all
night long. He never had such a happy bunch of guys. Scott
quickly asked him if he would like to hear about another one of
his girlfriends fantasies. The phone got very quiet and all Scott
heard was a faint "shoot away". Scott laid out to the guy what he
said was his girls "OTHER" fantasy. The guy could not believe it
and asked if Scott was serious. Scott told him he was, but he
needed at least 30 or more people in the crowd. The guy only
thought for about half a minute. I can use our back room which
holds about 40 people. Can I choose the people? The guy was
hoping for the right response. Sure, you pick the people.
The manager asked if Scott could give them till around 9pm. He
needed to move things around and set up some lighting in the
old back room. Scott told them they would be there at 9:00.

Scott was excited about tonight. Each time out he had pushed all
the girls up one step. For Crystal it was multiple partners, for
Jan, it was being shown off to more and more guys. Tonight was just
her next step up the ladder also. Before Scott got busy with
Jan, he had to write the next note. He decided for it to be short
and sweet. Crystal had been perfect today and never fought back
once. She even actively participated in kissing the girls and
fucking him back. He was very happy with how things went with her
today. So he wasn't going to meddle there any. The note just said
shave, blindfold, noon. NEXT TO LAST DAY.. Remember our deal
That was it. He just had to place it later on in the morning like
he always did. He was now ready for Jan's arrival.

Jan today was about five minutes late. That's because she had gone
out and bought another dress. She knew Scott would be upset unless
it was really good so she went to the juniors section and bought a
small plaid school girls dress. It was just about the same length
of the little pink dress. She also had a nice clear white shirt.
With the transparent material that the shirt was made out of , you
had to wear a bra under it because it was completely see thru. But
Jan put on the very tiny short skirt, some bright red undies, and
the thin transparent white shirt. Then she slipped on a small
black sweater that went well with the outfit. The sweater was
to prevent people from seeing thru her shirt. Next she actually
bought some two inch heels. These put her way up in the air, but
she could walk in these because they were the wide bottomed heels
that were so popular now. She didn't think Scott would really mind
because she was still walking way up high. She could just do it
easier by herself. And when she walked up with her ankles so high,
it forced her butt to really wiggle back and forth. She knew Scott
would like it. Again, she was going all out to please the guy she
had fallen in love it. He was her first, and the first one you
did anything to keep. She definitely wanted to keep Scott.

At a little after 8:00, Jan arrived and Scott really did like the
new look. It make her sort of look just like a really sexy young
school girl. He didn't understand the sweater at first. But when
he got her into his room and she removed the sweater, there were
her two perk tits popping out and easy to be seen. What a perfect
outfit for the activities tonight. Scott put on the pictures from
today and both of them watched it until 8:45. They made out a few
times as the pictures flew by the screen. Finally Scott helped
Jan up and she knew the evening was starting just as usual when
he pulled off her red undies and threw them on her bed. She actually
was happy that Scott was back to being himself. She walked out and
had to hold her skirt again the entire way. It was a micro mini
and made for girls probably around 12 or 13 years old. She just
barely fit into it and it was tight all the way around her.
Scott talked until he had her close to the building again. Just
like yesterday he had her cover her eyes. She pretended she was
scared and they both laughed about it. Jan had promised herself
to go thru with this and actually participate for her lovers
sake. She wanted to please him more then anything else. She knew
she would probably be shown to other guys, today, she didn't care.
She would just go with it like she knew other girls were able to do.

When they were at the side of the building, Jan knew exactly where
they now were. She had just seen this view last night. She didn't
say a word but she then saw Scott pull the pack of pregnancy pills
out of his pocket. She watched as he opened one of the packages,
pulled one of the pills out and slowly inserted it into her pussy.
Then he smiled, that's for later on. I'm getting mine tonight for
sure. She smiled and she figured that once they were done, he would
bring her out and fuck her in the car. That she would be waiting for.
This time she came in with her eyes open. The manager saw them and
guided them to a back door which soon led them to another small
stage. There was a couch on the stage and no lights or music
was playing. Scott told the manager five minutes and he left with
Scott's camera. Jan was nervous but ready. She knew she was going
on display and today she would help out. Scott told her one minute
left and Scott was given a big kiss. Then Jan told him to again
tell her what to do and she will do it for him but without his
help this time.

The music came on at the same time the lights lit up the stage.
Again it was very bright and Scott yelled at Jan to really dance
to the music. This time Jan's mind was ready. She saw the curtains
open but the lights were again bright. The music was fast and
sexy and this time Jan moved her body like never before. She knew
how to dance and how to dance sexy. She couldn't see all the guys
but they were now screaming and yelling. She knew she couldn't really
see them so she just sort of stared into the air. She danced as
sexily as she could and the white flashes kept going off. She just
assumed it was part of the lighting act. She also saw the same
effect last night. But these guys were prepared. Of the 40 guys
crowded into the small hall, over 30 had either digital cameras
or movie cameras. Each one had paid 40 dollars each to get in. The
owner had only picked people he really liked and could trust because
he could get in big trouble for this. His take tonight on this young
girl living out her fantasy was 1600 dollars. Of course he was going
to give the guy and girl some again hoping they would just happen
to have another fantasy to fulfill.

Jan was dancing when she heard Scott tell her to slowly remove
her sweater. She knew that would allow all the guys a clear view
of her tits. But tonight it wasn't about her. Her mind just kept
telling her to do as Scott said. He definitely knew what was best
for her. He had after all changed her life forever. In seconds the
black sweater was on the floor and Jan continued to dance. The
noise got louder and even though Jan couldn't see, she sort of
was getting turned on thinking about the guys looking at her.
Two minutes later another song started and she never stopped dancing.
Next it was her shirt that had to go. This came off slower but
Jan managed to do it without stopping the routine. Her tits were
now flying all around as she danced. The little white flashed seemed
to dance with the music before her eyes. Finally the command she
knew was next was now here. Her hands found the zipper and gravity
took over. The small plaid skirt dropped to the floor and Jan
only had her tall black high heels on. In a way she was glad she
couldn't really see. She was still dancing and turning and watching
the white flashed pulse to the music. Then she heard Scott tell her
she was doing perfectly. Don't mess it up now. She was told to
dance to the front of the stage. Then while dancing, she was to
guide her hand down and slowly rub the soft flesh between her pussy
lips. This was it, she was either going to do it or not. She wasn't
even sure until her hand glided down her stomach and she found her
wet pussy slit. The excitement in the place built to a peak. Everyone
was loving the young girl and the show she was putting on.

Jan just listened for Scott's voice and made sure to do everything
he told her. Next she was told to get on her knees and turn her
body sideways to the crowd. She did it as slowly and sexy as she
could. Again the noise was very loud. Next she was to close her
eyes and not open them till told. This was not too much of a problem
because she couldn't see under the bright lights anyway. Then
she heard Scott tell her to rub her pussy lips between her legs
and he would be there in a second. Jan's hand disappeared between
her spread out legs and her fingers softly splitted her wet pussy
lips. She remembered Scott said he would be there in a second
and not to open her eyes. Her pussy was on fire because of all the
excited the yelling guys were doing to her mind. Then she felt a
hand on her and knew Scott was beside her. The yelling increased
in pitch and her body seemed to just be floating. Then to her
surprise, she felt something on her pussy and then it was pushed
up inside her. Oh my god, Scott had just buried his dick deep
inside her. This she had not expected. She started to stop rubbing
her pussy but she heard Scott right behind her telling her to keep
rubbing and keep your eyes closed.

Jan did just what Scott said. The yelling turned to 'FUCK HER' over
and over again. The dick inside her proceeded to do just that. It
fucked her for barely one minute and it started filling Jan with
loads of hot gooey sperm. Scott said that was perfect and Jan could
hear him right behind her. Scott got up but within seconds he slid
right back inside her. Scott started fucking her and she was very
close to Cumming. It was just before she started to orgasm she
felt her cunt being sprayed again with a hot coat of sperm. That
pushed her right over the top. Her body shook and jerked as the dick
inside her was milked of all it potent white sperm. Again Jan heard
Scott speak and get up from behind her. It was then Scott was in
front of her and he then pressed his hard dick up to her mouth.
He told her to look for one second and when she did, she saw
Scott feeding his dick into her mouth. He then had her close her
eyes and Jan quickly did just that. Scott was now moving Jan's body
back and forth causing her lips to ride up and down on his dick.
Then Jan's mind stopped in it's track. Suddenly another dick slid
into her cunt. She knew Scott was in front of her but now another
dick drilled her pussy. Scott had her by the head and knew she had
stiffened up. He told her not to stop moving. Keep your promise
and make me happy. Jan relaxed a little but now a different person
that she didn't know what fucking her. Only Scott had ever fucked
her before.

Her body was now pulled on and off both dicks. Of course the guy
in her cunt exploded first and she was very happy he moved off.
But he was again replaced, this time the dick felt very large.
Her cunt was stretched around the large dick that was forcing
itself deep up inside her. She had never felt anyone this large
in her. Scott was now getting close and moved her head up and down
his dick at a much faster pace. Finally he couldn't last any longer
and his sperm proceeded to flood Jan's mouth and run out her lips.
Scott kept her moving on her dick until she felt another quick
jerk behind her and her pussy was rewarded with it's fifth load
of sperm in about 15 minutes. She was now totally drained both
physically and mentally. She felt something placed in her pussy
then she heard something pulled up close to her. Now Scott was
talking to her and telling her it was all over. He kissed her
a few times and told her how proud he was of her. This did mean
a lot to her because she thought she loved Scott with all her heart.
She felt Scott telling her to relax and Scott laid her back and
slowly lifted her head up against the back of the couch. Soon Scott
was kissing her but her legs and butt were high up against the
back of the couch. Scott was keeping them up and she was just about
doing a headstand. Only her neck and head were on the ground.

Scott kissed her and she continued to hear the crowd roar. Scott
told her to continue to cooperate, and they would be leaving very
shortly. Scott kissed her tightly as she felt her legs being pulled
forward. Now she was sort of bent in half. He own legs were pulled
over her head. She felt hands holding her which she thought were
Scotts but Scott was on the floor kissing her. Then in a quick
timed procedure, whatever was in her pussy was removed and Scott
told her to open her mouth. The second her mouth was fully open the
tons of white sperm that was pumped up into her pussy fell directly
into her open mouth. She wanted to close it but Scott was right
there and he kept saying, keep it open for me, keep it open for me.
It only took about three seconds and her mouth was full and it
started running down her cheeks. That much sperm was pumped into
her pussy. Finally Scott told her to close her mouth and she had
to try to swallow it all or drown. She was upside down and it took
a lot of force to get the mouth full of sperm down her throat.
The cheers were outrageous and her mouth and face were swimming in the
live white sperm. Finally Scott helped her down and the curtain
came down. The screaming never stopped but Scott cleaned up Jan
and they slowly walked out to the car. Jan was a mess. But before
they got out the side exit, the manager slid another $500.00 into
Scotts pocket. Scott had made $1000.00 in two nights here. The
manager smiled and told Scott to call him. The night was now over
and Scott helped Jan back to her house.

They sat in the car and Scott let Jan recover from her part of the
night. She had been fine with it all till she was fucked by two
strange guys. She didn't know that Scott didn't fuck her once
tonight. He only was there for the blow job. The other five
fucks were all done by guys the Manager picked. And the manager
was the huge dick that filled her up so much. Jan finally went
inside and for the second night in a row, had to fight with
everything that happened to her. She was up half the night
figuring out what was really going on in her life. She now wasn't
sure of everything that Scott was having her do. He could do no
wrong until after he let strangers fuck her, it caused her to do
a lot of thinking. She knew there was only two days left with
the teacher, she wanted to be there for both of them. But her
mind now had some doubt in it, and that wasn't good for her
or Scott.

The next day early in the morning Jan was woken up by her phone
ringing. It was 8:30 in the morning. She didn't know who would
be calling her. When she answered it was Linda. Just like Jan,
all Linda could think about after her first time with Crystal
and Scott was how good everything felt and how alive her body
and mind felt. She had called to beg Jan to let her come with
them today. And Jan was shocked when she heard Linda say she
would agree to anything her or Scott wanted to do with her. She
just wanted to be a part of it. Then Linda explained how her
entire body was alive. She had never felt so good. All she had
to do was let go of the things her mind told her she wasn't suppose
to like and when she did that, she couldn't wait to come back. She
again pleaded with Jan to let her be over at her house at 11:30
again. She promised neither of them would be sorry. This little
story got Jan to thinking about her reaction from last. Then
she heard Linda asking her please again. Jan quickly spoke up and
said she thought it would be ok, but she had to clear it with
Scott and it might not be in Scott's plan. Linda pleaded with
Jan to tell Scott he was in charge, anything he wanted her to do
was ok with her. She just wanted to use the large dick on the teacher
again. Its all she could think of. Jan told her to be here at
11:30 and if Scott said ok, then she was in.

Jan now had time to think about Linda's words. Linda really liked
what happened only after she let go of her prearranged attitudes.
Maybe that was Jan's problem. She knew she had the best time when
she was around Scott, but maybe her attitudes about what was right
for her and what was wrong was the main problem. For an hour
she thought about it. She knew she loved Scott and just about
everything he did was great fun. Its only when she thought something
wasn't suppose to happen that it turned into a bad night. The
more she thought, the happier she got. She had just figured it out.
Don't go in with any attitude. For once, try to enjoy whatever it
was that was taking place. Jan felt so much better. Damn, she couldn't
wait to talk with Scott. She was a new woman with a new attitude and
that was going to be his present today. Jan heard the doorbell
ring at 11:00. She didn't know who it could be this early. It ended
up being Linda. She was so desperate. She wanted to fuck the
teacher again badly and now didn't care about anything else. She
asked Jan what she could do to get Scott to accept. She then asked
how Jan got Scott to accept her. Jan was right upfront. I give
Scott one hour every night to do anything he likes with me. That's
how I fell in love with him. He knows I will do anything and he
tests me every night. Something different when we go out and I
always do it. I'm now a full partner and get invited to everything
that he does. And then Jan looked Linda right in the eyes. And the
things Scott does turns me on more then any person or girl I've ever
been with.

Linda was hooked but afraid to ask Jan the question. It was about
11:30 and Scott should be here anytime. Then Linda did pop one
little question. Are you sure the pregnancy pills are good. I'm
not protected because I never knew this was coming. It was then
that Jan told Linda she went shopping and questioned the drug
girl herself. She swore these were good for about two hours if
used ten minutes before sex. It was what she used and they never
let her down. I bought them and I watch every time that Scott
pulls them out of the package. Trust me, they will do the job.
That has been the least of my worries. That little bit of info
did a lot to take some of the worry off Linda's mind. Then she
heard the doorbell and before Jan could go downstairs, she popped
the most important question. If I tell Scott I will participate
tonight when you give him his one hour, and also allow him to
have full control of me, well, do you think I will be invited
today and tomorrow? This again took Jan by surprise. She told
Linda the truth. I don't think your ready for one of our hour's
out Linda. It might be a little too much for you to handle.

Linda quickly popped back, if your there I can do it. Will you
ask him for me, please? Jan really asked Linda if she was sure
about this. You can't back out once I ask him. Linda begged Jan
to please ask. OK, but you have to deliver and I make no promises
either way. When Scott came in he was very surprised to see Linda
there. She wasn't suppose to be part of today's activities. He
asked to see Jan alone for a second. Linda knew what it was about
and crossed her fingers. Once alone, Scott quickly asked why she
was there. Jan quickly jumped into the spill. Linda is now hooked
on the school teacher like I am. She wants to fuck her again today
with my big fake dick. Scott got a mad look on his face but then
Jan continued with her story. Scott couldn't believe she offered
to give Scott one hour of control just to be with the teacher.
Scott asked her if she really knew what that meant. Jan told Scott
she told her it would mean doing many things. Scott wasn't sure
Linda was ready for it and Scott didn't want to give up his time
today unless he was sure. He told Jan to stay behind with Linda.
Tell her everything you had to do last night, I mean everything.
If she can put up with that tonight, she can come today and
tomorrow. But she had to know what will happen and agree to it
in advance. You bring her over if she agrees. I will go get our
school teacher dressed. I have another sweet surprise for her today.

Linda saw Scott leave alone and knew it was not a good sign. She
wanted so badly to be with them today and maybe tomorrow. Jan
walked with Linda into her bedroom and was about to tell her the
entire story. Linda just looked at her and told her thank you so
much for trying. It will be in my dreams forever. I wished I could
have had a few more days with her and you guys. It was then that
Jan started the story of last night. The tiny sexy outfit she
wore out, the dancing on the stage for who knows how many guys.
Then the slow strip tease she did. Next she talked about rubbing
and playing with herself and many guys going wild. Then she
finally said she was fucked by two guys she didn't know in front
of all the guys. And Scott fucked her mouth while this was happening.
Jan really tried to tell it like it was. And then she told her
that if she could put up with something like that, Scott said to
bring her today and tomorrow and you could have your time with
the school teacher. But it's going to be that bad, I can tell you
that for sure. Don't even come with me if you can't put up with
something like that.

Linda was shocked at what she heard Jan let happen. But then she
heard that if she did it, she would get two days with the girl
and she would have her own time where she could do what she wanted.
Linda again sought out comfort that the pills would really work.
She was scared to death of getting pregnant. Jan laughed that of
all the things, this was her worry. She bought the best protection
she could. She promised Linda that was the only thing she didn't
have to worry about. Jan quickly told her she had to leave. Make
your mind up and remember, you can't change it later on tonight.
You will be stuck with the things I just told you about. Linda
walked out with Jan and watched as Jan got in her car. She just
couldn't say yes or no. But when Jan was about to drive off, Linda
came running. I can do this, I have to. My answer is yes, I'll do
it. Jan told Linda that she had to go up to Scott, tell him her
answer was yes, and that she was ready to do anything tonight for
him, including being fucked by strangers. Linda thought that would
be so hard to say to a guy, but when they got to Crystal's house
and went inside, Scott was just finished dressing Crystal. Jan
took over and started to put the makeup and perfume on Crystal.
Linda pulled Scott out where Crystal couldn't hear them. She
went right to it. Yes, I agree that I want to be here today and
tomorrow. Yes, I agree that I will go with you and Jan tonight and
you will probably have me fuck strangers in front of other people.
All I ask is that you use the pregnancy pill just like they are
suppose to be used. I do not want to get pregnant. With that
she pulled Scott close and gave him a huge kiss and hug. Scott
told Linda it was a deal, be at Jan's house at 7:30. Jan will have
something for you to wear.

It was when they went back downstairs and took Crystal out to the
blanket, that the new surprise of the day was there. It was a guy
neither Jan or Linda knew. It was somebody from the club last night
that Scott had arranged to do some WORK for him today. This morning
Scott had told him all the rules and what he would get in reward.
But Scott didn't know Linda would be here too. Now that was another
test he could put her thru before tonight. Scott decided to reward
the two new people with the first adventure. Jan helped Crystal
put on the belt and attach the huge cock that she liked so much.
Scott guided his new friend to the hotly dressed teacher laying on
the blanket and told him to flood her mouth with his cum. He
pushed his dick right up to Crystals mouth and she didn't hesitate.
She only had two days of this left. He started fucking her mouth and
20 seconds later, Linda was again licking the teachers pussy trying
to get it nice and wet. Two minutes later, Crystal knew it was
probably the big thick dick that was trying to push up inside her.
She had actually thought about it last night and the way it made her
feel. It took Linda a minute or more to get the monster going. This
was the hardest part for Crystal as it hurt when it was first put
in. But just like before, once Linda started rubbing Crystals pussy
lips and touching her clit, a whole new world opened up. She forgot
for about two minutes a dick was also slicing into her mouth.
But before she even got to cum, her mouth was flooded by a huge
load of hot sticky sperm. On her back she could do nothing but
swallow it down. But her cunt was on fire. She felt every movement
of the huge dick and it seemed to touch places inside her she never
knew existed. When she finally couldn't stand the great feeling, her
body shook and her entire body felt like it was plugged into a wall
socket. The electricity ran thru her and she had never felt anything
so good. Linda was also really enjoying it and didn't want to stop
either. It was then that Scott knew how to test Linda. He had
Linda stop and it sort of disappointed her. Linda saw him take
out two pregnancy pills and quickly he deposited one in Jan and
then one in Linda. Each girl watched the entire process to make sure
she really got the right pill. Now he told Jan to go down and kiss
and make out with Crystal. He also told her that when the time was
right, he wanted her to get up on her knees and face Crystals legs.
Then set her pussy right down on Crystals lips.

For about five minutes Jan made out with Crystal and it was good
to see Crystal cooperating and kissing Jan back with some passion.
At least it looked like passion. Finally Linda was told to go
fuck the teacher again with the huge dick. She was waiting for this.
In no time the big monster slid right in without much assistance
from Linda. Once Linda got started, Scott told the new guy in
one minute, to put his dick in front of Linda's face and guide
her mouth to his cock. He was to try his hardest to fill her mouth
also with hot sticky cum. He then positioned himself behind Linda
and she knew right away what was about to happen. Today she wasn't
going to let it bother her. In 20 seconds, her cunt was slowly
adjusting to the dick now plowing deep inside it. Scott was slowly
pumping his cock in what he knew was a totally unprotected pussy.
He then watched the new guy stand in front of Linda, and to her
total surprise, guide his dick into her mouth. Now Linda was
trying to fuck the teacher, but she had a cock in her mouth and
one in her cunt. Just like Jan, not long ago she wouldn't think
of letting a guy touch her. Now two were using her for their
pleasure. It was then that Jan finally got up and turned towards
Linda. She slowly pushed her pussy down and Crystal was now
presented with the wife's pussy. She had thought it was the wife
who was fucking her, but she now knew the husband again had the
huge fake dick on. He was fucking very hard as she started to suck
on the pussy lips now pushed up against her lips.

The camera were getting five people all somehow connected and
getting serviced. The very bottom of the pile was the cute little
teacher just trying to make it thru her next to last day. One
by one, the bodies slowly started to cum. First Linda felt the
heat of the sperm invading her pussy. She didn't dwell on it like
before, she just had to trust that the pill would do its work.
Then in a surprise, Jan was next. Crystal had really licked her
good and she came and flooded the school teachers face. Finally
Linda got what she wanted. With her mind now off the dick fucking
in her cunt, Linda came while watching the huge dick slide in and
out of the tiny teachers cunt. Last but not forgotten, the new
guy nobody really knew blew his second load into Linda's mouth.
Linda didn't know what it would taste like. She had again not
had a boyfriend since she was 15. She had sucked a cock but never
swallowed any cum. It wasn't a real good surprise. It was bitter
and a little salty. But Linda had no choice like most other girls
and she slowly swallowed it down. Everybody got up and they
all rested for about 10 minutes. This was nice for Crystal because
she knew it was using up the time. Now there would be one more
test for Linda. They had Linda again lay on top of Crystal. Linda
knew it was the wife on top of her. Quickly both girls started
licking the others pussy. But soon the new guy was allowed to
moved behind Linda and suddenly Linda knew she was getting a
second fucking. This time Crystal felt the dick again about to
enter the wife's cunt that she was licking. She had been through
this yesterday. In just seconds, the guy was squeezing his dick
into Linda's tight hot pussy. It felt really good and he could
actually feel the occasional rub of Crystals tongue on his dick.
It was then that Linda's head was pulled up and there was Scotts
dick about to enter her mouth. Linda's mouth still tasted like the
last guys cum. But for the second time today, Linda was the one
servicing two guys. The only difference was she had Crystals tongue
now directly on her clit. And she could feel the dick slide in
and out with the soft wet tongue gliding over her clit. Needless
to say, two minutes later and Linda erupted first. The new guy
could feel it and Scott actually heard Linda moan as she came.
Scott flooded her mouth about two minutes after Linda was coming
down from her orgasm. Linda ended up swallowing the gooey mixture
for a second time. The new guy fucked away for a good four more
minutes. He was pretty used up but his dick came in one final
large squirt of cum. Of course it was devoured up by Linda's soft
pussy walls that surround it.

The one that was sort of left out today was Jan. But she didn't
really seem to mind. She knew how much of the day was still left.
There was only one thing left he wanted to get pictures of. He
talked with the new guy and he was told the new guy was about done.
He asked if he could at least perform for a couple minutes more.
Of course the guy could do that. He waited ten minutes then as
the two girls watched, he had the new guy guide his dick into
Crystals mouth. Then Scott spoke up loud so Crystal could hear him.
He told his wife to use the small one that feels pretty real. He
waited 30 seconds then slid between Crystals legs. Crystal knew the
guy was in her mouth, so she waited for his wife to start fucking
her. Soon she felt the dick and it was inside her without her
really feeling it. Her cunt was now accustomed to the very wide
dick and the real thing she could barely feel. She didn't mind
the wife using this one at all. She sort of laughed in her mind
that she couldn't even feel the small fake dick. But Scott could
still feel her. The guy fucking Crystals mouth would never be able
to cum, but at least he was hard and could fuck in and out for
the camera. The camera kept snapping pictures and Scott took over
five minutes before he was able to flood Crystals pussy with
hot gooey sperm. He finally got everybody up and the two girls
went up first to change. They were going to wait again in the
car for Scott to show up.

Scott thanked the guy who had a huge smile on his face. The stories
he would be telling tonight, nobody would believe. Then he left
and Scott took ten minutes to get Crystal into the shower. He
reminded Crystal that tomorrow was the last day. He was going to
leave the camera with the all the pictures her husband had
taken. She also had to have $300.00 dollars on the table or she
wouldn't get the camera. Also, tomorrow would be the last day so
she again had to be perfect of he would finally give in to his
temptations and fuck her hard without any protection. Of course
Crystal knew it was the last day. She told the guy not to worry,
she would keep her end of the bargain, and they had to keep theirs.
With that, Scott left and Crystal rinsed off and got out of the
shower. Scott, Linda, and Jan were now long gone. They went
directly to Jan's house and then talked about how great the day
was. Even Linda was excited about how many times she came and
how long she got to fuck the school teacher. Scott reminded the
girls to be at his house at 8:00 pm. He also handed both Jan
and Linda a $100.00 bill. Go out shopping and really impress me
tonight. He looked at Jan and told her to outdo her last outfit
for both of them. Linda got her first little look of worry and
with that Scott left. He had some important phone calls to make.

Jan and Linda did go shopping together and they laughed all day
long. Again, Jan had to show Linda how to shop for these nights
out. They only looked in the teens and preteens area. They had
to find something large enough to fit them, but small enough to
show about everything. It took them three hours and the outfits
were real cock teasers when they wore them. Linda knew she had
never worn something like this, especially out in public. But
luckily she had Jan right next to her, dressed just about the
same way. She could always use Jan as her strength to make it thru
the night. She did know she had to have another day with the
school teacher. Her body demanded that of her. Scott was busy
talking to the same guy at the club. The guy could not believe
the new fantasy his girlfriend wanted to do. When two girls were
mentioned, it was just too much for him. He then heard Scott tell
him he could use $1000.00 for this fantasy. Scott would be leaving
shortly on a trip and wanted as much seed money as he could get.
The guy offered him $5000.00 if Scott could allow him one little
thing. Scott asked what the guy wanted. He said he wanted to put
three guys with very good camera equipment up high and record
everything. The girls wouldn't see because the lights would
probably blind them. Then the guy would make his money later off
the selling of the videos. But he also had to have the girls
sign a letter or release or he couldn't sell the videos.

Scott thought about it and told the guy to say there was a contest
tonight. Of course have each girl sign the form before she could
enter. I'll make sure they sign, just tell them they are contest
forms and make it just dark enough they can't really read it.
Scott could not believe the money he would have after tonight.
It was enough to leave for a year or more if he just bummed around
in some small California beach towns. And nobody would find him
as that was over 1000 miles away from here. Scott now only had to
wait till 8:00 pm. At 7:30 the girls started getting ready. Their
outfits were so hot, any normal guy would melt just looking at them
walk down the street. Linda felt funny but special at the same time.
She had never done the sexy slutty look before. This was another
really new experience for her. But it would be nothing compared
to what happened tonight. The girls arrived right at 8:00 and
Scott even had to do a double take. The girls had gone with tiny
dresses. Very cute looking but barely covering their ass. In that
there was nothing special, they both had on bright white
thigh high hose fishnets, which Jan knew Scott loved. Then tall
SPIKED high heel shoes. These were the type that said screw me
with every step. Very hard to walk in but very nice to look at.
Scott was indeed very happy and let both girls know. Scott
also told both girls that tomorrow, the girls were to meet
directly at the teachers house. He was not inviting anyone else
and they would have all the time with the school teacher. It was
another reward for doing everything he told them tonight. He
also told them they would have two hours instead of one. If
he was late tomorrow, they were to start without him till he got
there. He had a huge surprise for them that they would never guess
in a million years. This really made both girls feel good and
happy. The final day and they got two hours all by their selves.
Nobody to have to share her with. The girls were happy and
would remember this later tonight.

Scott was ready to walk them downstairs. Linda watched Scott
pull off the thin undies that Jan was wearing then he came over
to her and did the same thing to her. He then escorted both
girls out of his room. Linda was really starting to get a little
embarrassed about her outfit. Now no undies either. But it
didn't bother her, she just felt embarrassed that anybody might see
her like this. Soon they were at the club and there on the sign
in front was the amateur contest sign. This time Scott wanted them
both to see it. When Scott parked at the side of the building Jan
knew exactly where they were. Scott said he would be back in
five minutes. They were to wait for him here. Linda was really
nervous and Jan told her this was where they came the last two times.
Jan again went thru everything that would probably happen. Jan told
Linda to just do what she hears Scott tell her, do not complain,
and think of the two hours with the school teacher tomorrow. Linda
was sure she could do it if Jan was there with her. She would
just watch Jan and do as she did. Scott was inside talking with
the manager. He again had about 40 people in the back room, but
today they paid close to $100.00 each to see what was going to happen.
Things like this just didn't happen all the time. Scott asked
if things were ready. The guy said once they signed the forms, and
once the show started, he would give Scott the $5000.00 that he
promised. That was what Scott was waiting for.

Scott guided the girls into the side of the club and the manager
could not believe that the second girl was just as cute as the
first. They were 100% knock outs and he knew they both once hated
guys. This is why this was so great an event. All the guys also
knew that just two weeks ago, both these girls were lesbians that
swore off men and actually hated them. The guys were already getting
drunk and couldn't wait for the show to start. The girls were
led to the stage and it was rather dark in the place. The manager
brought up two forms and told the girls in order to enter the
contest, they had to sign entry forms or they couldn't enter. He
had a pen and pushed it in their hands. They turned to Scott and
he pretended to look over the forms and told each girl to sign.
They would be in the small talent contest tonight. Both Scott and
the manager looked on as they printed their name, age , and then
signed on the full release line. It was then the manager disappeared
and Scott had his final talk. He told them both he knew they were
nervous, just do what he told them to and everything would go
fine. Then tomorrow the two girls could celebrate by playing with
their favorite toy for two hours, the school teacher. It was
then Scott guided the girls back to a bathroom and they knew what
was about to happen when the pregnancy pills came out. Both girls
knew that a repeat of what happened to Jan last night would
probably be in store for them again. The good thing was they
had time to prepare for it and they had each other to turn to if
they became too scared. What was amazing was that Linda could go
this far in such a short period of time. But she really wanted to
play with that huge dildo in that tiny little schoolteachers cunt.
She dreamed of that every night since she first did it.

Quickly the girls watch the pills come out of the unopened containers,
then watched as they were pushed deeply inside each girl. This was
their only protection for pregnancy and they were both glad the
girl behind the drug counter recommended it so strongly. They needed
something that they knew would work. Especially with what was
probably going to happen tonight. Both girls prepared themselves
for what was just about to start. Scott told them both to listen
for his voice. Then the loud music started and for the first time,
the cheers of many guys became awfully loud. Jan and Linda were
guided to the front of the stage and then the bright lights were
turned on. The both heard the voice behind them telling them to
dance sexy. They both looked at each other and started dancing sexy
with each other. The curtain pulled open and the very bright lights
just about blinded them. The couldn't really look out in the
audience but they could easily hear them. The song went on for two
minutes before the next command came out. Start slow dancing and
kissing on each other. This command was not too bad to do. The
guys in the audience ate it up. They were watching to ex lesbians
put on a very hot show for 40 plus guys. Finally Scott told
Linda first to lift up on the bottom of Jan's short tiny skirt and
pull it up and over Jan's head. Linda complied and Jan didn't
fight her. The yells were everywhere. Cat whistles were there along
with guys saying all types of things. But the girls just kept
each other in their focus. Next it was Jan's turn to pull off
Linda's tiny skirt. Both girls were now holding each other and
only had on their thigh high fishnet stocking and the long tall
stiletto shoes that were so hard to walk or dance in. Both the
girls had shaved pussys and their tits were pressed against each
other as they danced.

Another song started and Scott told them to make out and feel each
other up. The guys in the audience were getting a great show of
how two lesbians would treat each other. It was while they were
dancing that two funny looking chairs were pulled up behind
them. They were too busy dancing to notice. Soon it was Scott
himself that went out and guided each girl to the unusual chair.
The were both leaned over so that their butt and pussy were pushed
up in the air. But both girls heads were side by side. Their
bodies were side wards to the stage so the crowd of guys could see
everything. Then just as suddenly, Scott slowly slid blindfolds
on both girls faces. Scott stayed there and pressed the two girls
heads together. He told them to keep kissing until they were told
to stop. They were scared but they did what they were told. They
felt movement behind them and knew something was about to take place.
What came out next was another special attachment to the chair.
It put a little wood board that was inches above their backs
but they didn't know the wood was there. They were making out and
felt touching of her their cunts. Scott was rubbing baby oil over
each one to make sure they were nice and wet. Then the crowd
went completely nuts.

The girls could hear but nothing made sense. They heard Scott
tell them to relax. Everything was fine. Again movement behind
them and the crowd started chanting, DO IT, DO IT, DO IT, DO IT!
It only took a second but both girls at the same time felt the
dicks searching for their pussies. The guys that were fucking them
would push in, miss, push in, miss, push in, miss. The girls
thought it must have really been dark. But Linda was the first
to feel it. The dick speared up into her and went about half
way up her cunt. Then very quickly the guy started fucking
away on her. A few moments later it was Jan's turn. Again a huge
thrust, a dick inside her, and very quick thrusts. The girls
were still kissing each other and each one was being pounded away
at like there was no tomorrow. A huge cheer went up in the crowd.
The chants came back, Take that you LESSO's. How do those cocks
feel. Everything was being said and both Linda and Jan tuned it
out. They continued to kiss on each other and their cunts actually
began to feel hot and special. They had never been fucked this
way before in their lives. The guys fucking them were unstoppable.

The huge cameras up in the loft was filming it all. They had the
lights just right and the angles perfect to get close-ups of the
girls cunts and faces. The guys running the cameras were the first
to notice the dicks starting to get bigger. They didn't understand
how these girls could let these huge DOGS fuck them in front of
all these guys, then let them film it to sell. How could they ever
live this down once the videos went on sell. It was sure to be a
huge adult hit. Both the girls were feeling the pressure the dicks
were putting on their cunts. The shear speed of the guys fucking
them heated their cunts up. But now the cocks were really starting
to fill them up. Each large Lab was fucking as much as his growing
dick into the girls as he could. With the wood above the girls
back, the dogs front paw was onto the wood and the dogs stood the
perfect height to fuck the girls bent over these very unusual chairs.
Jan's cunt really felt full and the heat of the fuck was about to
push her over the edge. Linda was only about 30 seconds behind
her. When the first huge squirt of white hot cum hit the back
of Jan's cunt, it pushed her over the top and her head came up
and her body jerked back and forth. The white hot heat that was
pumping inside her cunt never seemed to stop. She came and was
still right in the middle of Cumming when the exact same sequence
set off Linda. Her insides were hit with a hot stream of cum and
her body couldn't take anymore. While the hot liquid kept pouring
in, the girls wiggled and moved as their bodies also exploded from
the huge dog dicks. For the next four minutes the girls kissed
hard and the dogs remained still. The girls cunt felt stuffed with
the huge dicks the dogs had just fucked them with. Only the girls
had no way of knowing it was very large dogs stuck in their
cunts behind them.

Finally the large dicks popped out of the girls and the cameras
caught the huge flood as dog sperm raced down each girls leg.
Scott was now there and the wood above the girls back were
now removed. Each girl was full of hot doggie sperm. With their
blindfolds still on, the girls were guided to the front of the
stage and with the crowds cheering, the were put on the floor and
each ones head stuffed into the others one pussy. They heard Scott
tell them to really lick each others pussy and don't stop till he
told them. Just like two really good lesbians, their tongues came
out and they ran them up and down each others cunt. The taste
was like nothing they had ever tasted before. The cunt juice
tasted very stringy, slimy, and slightly sour. But the girls just
went on as did as Scott said. For a good three minutes the crowd
roared as the stage was reset and all the slimy dog cum was sucked
up by each girls tongue. Finally each girl was put over a much
lower chair and again they were fairly close to one another. They
were happy when Scott told them the show was just about over. Just
keep doing what he said and they would soon be able to leave.
In a short amount of time, ten different guys got to line up
behind each girl. Each guy was nude from the waist down. Slowly
the first guy moved behind each girl and slowly pushed his dick
into the girls unprotected pussy. The pregnancy pill was not
going to help them and they would get more sperm tonight then they
had all their lives.

Slowly two guys fucked the girls. Then the crowd went crazy again.
Again the DO IT, DO IT, DO It words were chanted out. Now two
new dogs were brought on stage. A little smaller then the first
two dogs but still good size animals. Each dog had a guy that
lifted the dogs front legs up and held them there. With each
girl being fucked, the dogs were slowly pushed in front of the
girls till their dicks were just in front of each girls lips. The
crowd was going wild. Then each girl felt the tip of a wet dick
at her mouth. They parted their lips and each dog was pushed even
more forward. When just at the perfect spot, the dogs were held
tight and Scott told each girl to slowly work her cute little
lips up and down the guys cock. Just like magic, the blindfolded
girls slowly sucked on the small slimy dicks. Again, this wasn't
like anything they had done before but the girls racked it up to
the situation they were in. Slowly and with Scott there helping
then on, they started milking the dog dicks that were sticking deep
into their mouths.

Now the other nines guys were given the go signal. Each one took
his cock and slowly started rubbing it with his own hand. The
reward for each guy that got up there was a nice tight pussy to
explode his hot cum into. First each guy in the girls cunt came,
then as each guy would be close, he would ram his dick home
into the girls and the soft hot surroundings did just the job
and made them blast off deep inside the girl. Ten loads of cum
in each girl in less then six minutes. The last guys were still
working their dicks in the girls when the dogs jerked suddenly
and one at a time, filled the girls mouth with dog sperm. Scott
told the girls if they could suck these super studs dry, they
would get to get up and leave. Both girl wanted that very badly.
But dog dicks never seem to stop pumping. The girls figured
they each swallowed at least 10 times and still amounts were
finding it's way into their mouths. Finally they felt the last
dick pull out of them. Then both their pussies were blocked with
a small vibrator. Sudden they were up and free but only for a
second. Jan was laid flat on the ground and Linda was placed
squatting right above her mouth. Scott held onto Jan's hand and
said her last command was to open her mouth. Scott pulled the
vibrator out of Linda's pussy and to Jan's huge surprise, her
mouth was covered with hot gooey sperm. She was told to swallow
as the crowd cheered as the sperm from the ten guys slowly was
gulped down by Jan. With Jan coughing some, she was let up and
Linda was put on the ground. This time Jan was above and Linda
had the same command given. It was too much for Linda. Her
entire face was covered by all the sperm landing on her and
she too had to swallow or drown. Both girls were completely
out of it now. They could do no more and Scott knew it.

Scott held up his hands for the ladies and they were given a huge
hand by the guys. Then once the dogs were removed and the girls
faces cleaned up, Scott pointed them at the crowd of guys and took
off the blindfolds. Their eyes opened but everything was so very
bright. Scott actually told them to wave and then blow a few kisses.
Scott wouldn't take them out till they did. Both girls started
blowing kisses and waving at the same time. They couldn't see a
thing but they could hear the guys going crazy. The girls were
then rushed to the car. Scott already had his money and he took
the girls right to Jan's house. Without even worrying about them,
he dropped them off and went home to finish packing. It was
about 8am in the morning when he was at the airport. He had just
a few items with him. His laptop computer that had every picture
ever taken. The camera with every picture ever taken, and lots
of cold hard cash. Scott got on the plane and never looked back.
He disappeared for a while in a small California town and lived
the beach life he always wanted. He had his 5000 plus pictures of
everything, including the girls last night with the dogs. He also
bought about four mouth later the "Adventures of the Ex-Lesbians".
It was the entire show of what happened that night at the club.
Just like Scott had requested, he was not in any of the film
that made it to tape. But he loved to watch his girls as they
performed to perfection live in front of the crowd. The tape ended
with the girls faces full of cum and they were waving and blowing
kisses to all the guys. It looked from the tape that they had
actually enjoyed every minute of it.

The next person was Crystal. She was so ready for the last day. Jan
and Linda did show up the next day even though they were really
upset again about the show the night before. They started without
Scott just like he said to, but Scott never came. Both girls got
their last laughs with Crystal and at the end she was ready to
get the Camera and the pictures. She had truly given 100% and
knew she deserved to be left alone for good. Jan and Linda had
no ideal where Scott was. They ended up telling Crystal that
Scott would be with her in just a few minutes. They packed up
and left her knowing they could never return to use her as they
wished. Crystal waited an hour and then went and cleaned up
and put everything up. She waited every day for the pictures and
camera to be returned to her. She cried when she thought about not
getting the pictures back. But it was two weeks later she really
started crying. She realized it had been five weeks since her last
period. She waited a couple more days then the worry took over
her complete thought. She got a cheap test kit and completely passed
out when it came back positive. Crystal was pregnant and her
husband hadn't fucked her probably the entire month. She had
avoided him like the plague because of her shaved cunt. Now she
was pregnant and he would have to know it wasn't his. She cried for
days and never said a word to anyone. When school started she
barely went a couple weeks before her husband asked her about her
growing belly. It was then she told him she was pregnant. Her
husband was speechless but it had been over three months and Crystal
was smart. She shaved her pussy and dressed up very sexy one night
and really let her husband have his way. For the next two months
her husband was a very happy man. He even fucked her a few times
without a rubber. He had loved the change in his wife's sexual
desires. But now he knew he had to pay the price. He really assumed
the child was his. Crystal was delighted when her little ploy
worked. They now announced everywhere that Crystal and her husband
were going to have a child. Even the kids and teachers at school
were happy for her.

Linda, well Linda fell apart within a week. She had always been
worried about becoming pregnant and she just knew she was. Ever
since the night she was fucked in front of everybody, her body
didn't seem to be the same. Of course it was all mental but again
at the five week mark, she ran to the store to get her test kit.
Scott or his friends were now, 2 for 2. Linda screamed and yelled
and cussed the day she ever let Jan talk her into joining her little
band. Only Jan was having her own problems. She was the first to
know she was pregnant. When Scott disappeared she was already due
any day for her period. A week then two passed and Jan found out
just like the rest, that she had a bun in her oven and Scott was
nowhere to be found. If the true story came out, then the part
about Crystal might come out. If that happened, she could go to
jail for a long time. Jan just shut herself in and watched the
package in her belly get larger and larger. Scott had been with
three girls for about three weeks. Linda only four days. But he
had left each girl with something she would remember for all her
life.

About three months after Scott left, Linda and Jan's life totally
fell apart. They were dealing with their pregnancies and facing
the fact they couldn't find Scott or complain. But soon friends
were calling and laughing at them and calling the two the
"Adventurous Ex-Lesbians". The girls didn't get it until Linda was
at work and suddenly got fired. Someone had told management about
the tape they heard Linda had played in. Once management checked
it out, bought the tape and saw what Linda really did, she was
fired before anybody could find out she worked for the company.
They gave Linda the tape when they walked her out the company
door. Linda saw her and Jan's picture on the cover and she
drove directly to Jan's house. The two girls had not talked in
three months but they both went to Jan's room and they cried
the entire 30 minutes of the tape. They saw both of them
get fucked by dogs, then suck dogs off, then ten different guys
jacked off and stick their deadly dicks into their hot little cunts.
They couldn't keep crying and they finally had the nerve to go
confront the manager of the place they had been filmed in. He
had them thrown out but did give them copies of the releases
they signed. They read the documents together and it said
about everything that would be happening to them, and they agreed
to be put on the tape and allow it to be sold as long as their
real names and full faces were used on the cover of the tape. And
that's exactly what the guy did.

The girls became close again because they were both about five month
pregnant. All their friends had now seen the video. It was the
hottest selling adult video out there. Of course the owner made
over a million dollars. He was now set for life because of what the
two did for Scott. The girls wondered how they got pregnant because
they both used the pills every time they were fucked. Jan still had
the package. She drove down to where she bought the pills about
six months ago. The girl who sold them to her was still there. Jan
walked in and told her a small portion of the story. She said she
used these pills every time before she had sex. She always waited
ten minutes and the pills didn't protect her at all. The girl asked
to see the pills. When Jan pulled out the box, the girl saw the
brand and told Jan these were the best on the market. The girl
slowly opened the package and then had to laugh out loud. Was
this what you pushed inside you before you had sex each time. The
girl was still trying to hide her laughing. Jan said yes and
watched the girl slowly crack up. She had trouble telling Jan
that these pills went up the other side. They were for butt problems
and wouldn't protect her from getting pregnant. Jan about died
from embarrassment. She ran out of the store crying the entire way.
She knew now how devious Scott really was. When she told Linda
what she found, Linda could have killed Jan. Jan had promised her
these were the best pills and that she personally bought them.
To let a guy pull a switch like that and get them both knocked up,
well, that again ended their friendship.

Jan had her child first. It was a girl and healthy and she started
her life as a mother. But the next child to be born wasn't to
Linda. It was to Crystal. Her husband was there and everything
was going fine. Crystal had a healthy boy. It wasn't till a little
later when Crystal's husband looked at the birth paperwork. He
now noticed the eyes. The boy had blue eyes. But both him and
Crystal had brown eyes. He wasn't sure but he asked a doctor a little
later if a baby's parent could both have brown eyes and the baby
have blue eyes. The response shocked Crystals husband. IMPOSSIBLE.
That cannot happen. Crystals life fell apart quickly. Her husband
confronted her but she kept telling him the baby was his. Then
her husband told her the baby had blue eyes, only a blue eye
parent can do that. Would she like to explain. Crystal broke into
tears and said she couldn't explain it. Her husband knew by the
tone in her voice, it wasn't his child. He was gone in a week.
Crystal begged him to stay and said she would do anything for him,
ANYTHING! But nothing helped. A husband who found out his wife
was having another guys baby, well there was no way to live with
that. Soon the school found out and really without cause, Crystal was
fired in a down sizing action. She could fight it but she knew
she couldn't win. She also knew why it really happened. She had been
the talk of the school for weeks.

For the last and final birth, it was Linda's turn. She hated guys
again and this made her bitter on life itself. She was in the
hospital all by herself. She delivered with nobody waiting for her
and when she unwrapped her baby, she knew her life was now over.
There was the cutest mixed baby you ever wanted to see. Nice white
skin with black kinky hair. Her baby came from one of the ten
guys she was with in the strip bar. She would never know which one,
but she never let another guy near her. He daughter grew up the
same way, never touching or trusting a man.

Scott lived over a year in California. He found out about everything
thru the grapevine. He then started a search for the school teacher
named Crystal. He still has 5000 plus items she might like to
exchange something for..............................



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    exbiidelhi2012


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





