BDSM Library - Pride




Pride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Mistress is an expert at stripping my pride away.






Pride

"Today will be all about pride, slave," you told me. "Specifically, me taking it from you."

I stood, fully dressed, hands cuffed behind my back, waiting.

You approached me, and I felt your breasts against my chest. My cock stirred, growing harder in my jeans.

You noticed right away, rubbing your hand over it.

"You can't control this thing at all, can you? I'll put a stop to that soon though."

You ran your hands under my shirt, finding my nipples and teasing them gently. Your gentle flicks sent electricity through me, and you knew it.

In seconds, I was panting.

You unzipped my jeans, letting my hard cock free into the air.

"Nice. I appreciate the thought, but you won't be putting that inside me. You know that, right?"

"I do, Mistress."

"Good. Don't worry, I have some fun ideas for where we can stick that thing."

You slapped my cock hard, making it bounce and wave. Then again. I felt silly having my cock used so trivially. But it made you smile, which is something.

"Such a fun toy," you said. "In fact..."

You pulled a pen from your purse, and took my cock firmly in hand.

I felt you writing something on the head. When I looked down, I saw the word, "TOY" inked on my cock head.

"Now anyone can clearly see what it's good for, right slut?"

"Yes, Miss," I meekly replied.

"Come on, boy," you said as you grabbed my cock in your tight fist and started walking towards the bedroom. I had no choice but to follow awkwardly behind you.

When we reached your bedroom, you spun me around facing the wall and pushed me up against it.

"Stay."

You pulled the key to my cuffs from your pocket and unlocked them.

I felt your hand in my hair, taking a hard grip, then pulling me away from the wall.

"Strip."

I got undressed as quickly as I could for you. When I was naked, you spent a moment looking at me, letting me feel the embarrassment of being naked in front of a woman who was not.

You went to a nearby end table and brought back an ice pack you had waiting there for me.

"You won't enjoy this, love. But it's necessary."

You held the frozen pack against my rock hard cock, and the cold was a shock. I tried to pull away, but you held it hard against me with both hands.

"Just relax and let this do its work on you," you told me.

In two minutes, my cock was soft, and very small. You removed the ice pack, and took a close look.

"Wow. It can get really small, can't it? Shrinkage is a bitch," you laughed.

"Why did you do this to me, Mistress?" I asked you.

You were bringing a new toy over to me, and replied, showing me a chastity device.

"So you can fit inside this, dear."

It was the Bon-4 silicone chastity device. We'd discussed buying one, but I didn't know you had.

You slipped my flaccid penis inside, and started cinching the device onto me. In just a moment, I was encased in it. You took a small metal lock and slipped it through the hasp.

"Bye bye..." you said as I heard the lock snap shut.

Now I knew what the key hanging from your necklace was for. And I ached already to be free.

"OK. Now that that's handled, you can concentrate on helping me get ready for my date."

"You have a date tonight, Mistress?" I asked.

"I do. And she's quite attractive. You'll enjoy the sight of her."

I was nervous at the thought of being seen this way. But also very excited.

"Come on, she'll be here in an hour, and there's a lot to do. On your fours," you said, snapping your finger and pointing to the floor.

I fell to my hands and knees, and followed behind you as you strode into the bathroom.

For the next hour, I did what I could to assist you getting ready for Sarah's arrival.

I knelt by the shower as you washed your body, making sure to give me peeks, and making my chastity painfully tight.

I laid out your underwear, stockings, heels and dress for you, helping you into them all.

When you saw a scuff on your high heels, I licked it clean for you.

While you applied your makeup, I knelt behind you, my lips on your ass as directed.

Soon enough, you were finished, and looked gorgeous. I was envious of Sarah already.

You turned around, and looked down at me. Your gaze made me feel small.

"Let's finish you off properly," you said, taking out a dark red lipstick. You painted my nipples red, rubbing the lipstick in deeply.

"That will last for days, slut. And yes, I will tell Sarah what it means. Now thank me."

I bowed my head. "Thank you for marking me, Mistress."

"You're welcome, slut. Now come on, you need one more thing."

I followed you back to bedroom and waited while you found the dildo gag for me. You brought it to my lips, telling me to open up. I did, and you slid the gag into my mouth, buckling the leather strap around my head firmly.

Next, you pulled out the dildo attachment, and snapped it into place. The large black cock lewdly jutted out 8 inches from my mouth.

You admired the sight of me. "Good. Now you're ready for company."

A knock at the door.

"And there she is!"

You held up your hand like a dog trainer. "Now stay."

You left me to go greet your date for the night. I stayed there, kneeling, gagged and marked, waiting for you to return.

I could hear you speaking to another woman, but couldn't make out the words. I did hear the laughter however. After a bit, you brought her in to the bedroom. As she walked in, I saw long legs and high heels. Before I could even look up up, she giggled. I was acutely aware of my condition, with a thick dildo attached to my face.

"My god, you do put them in their place, don't you?" she said to you.

"I like them ready to serve," you replied.

"Yeah. I can see that!" She approached me, reaching out one foot to lift my imprisoned cock up. She bounced her foot under it. "Although he won't be serving the way he wants to I see."

You came over to me, stroking my nipples, and making me moan into my gag.

"No, he won't. But enough about him." You pulled her to you and kissed her deeply. Her hands ran over your body, and you explored hers. My cock felt like it would explode out of the chastity device. But it didn't. Instead, it just hurt, painfully squashed in too tight a compartment.

You pulled her to the bed, and I watched you both undress each other, kissing, fondling, pinching.

Soon, I was forgotten. You both climbed into bed, and lost yourselves in passion together. I heard moans, gasps, and eventually screams of pleasure. I lost count of how many orgasms you gave each other.

I heard you tell her, "watch this". You draped your legs over the side of the bed, opening them. You snapped your fingers and pointed to your pussy. I knew what to do.

I crawled forward, and gently worked the dildo on my face into your pussy. As you worked your clit, I stroked you, forward and backward, fucking you.

"God, that's hot," she said, watching me pleasure you.

"I know. This is the only way he fucks pussy now. Isn't it great?"

She leaned down to watch closely as I worked the cock in and out of you. She traced her fingers through my hair.

"Such a stud you are, fucking your woman." She smiled at the sarcasm. "You must feel very proud of yourself, being treated this way."

Her words burned, but my cock hurt even more from the thrill of her humiliating me.

She leaned down and whispered in my ear. "Any man who would let this happen to him deserves it," she said softly.

"So what's with the red nipples?" she asked.

"Oh, it's from a book he read as a child. In an alternate universe, some women were captured and turned into sex slaves. Having their nipples dyed red indicated their new status in society, for all to see. It meant they were owned, with no rights or limits whatsoever."

"So you're using it against him."

"I am. It tells him and anyone who sees it what I've done to him."

"That's lovely. I like your style," she purred to you, running her hand over your thighs.

"Thanks, honey. So, you ready to see him get off?"

"Really? You're going to let him cum? That seems a bit... generous for a slave, doesn't it?"

You smiled at Sarah. "Not the way he's going to do it... Get him ungagged, will you?"

Sarah studied the leather straps around my head, then began unbuckling them. She held the cock's weight as she gently pulled the gag from my mouth.

"Thank you..." I whispered to her.

She stroked my cheek, looking as if she felt sorry for me. 

When you returned holding the plastic pussy you'd named Caryn, I knew I was to be humiliated further.

Sarah smiled when she saw it. "A fake pussy? That really is sad."

"Yeah, it is. But it's just the warm up, really. This is to get him out of his mind with lust. I want him to beg for what comes after."

You handed it to me. "Here you go, big boy. She's all wet and ready for you. Show Sarah what you do with Caryn." you directed me.

I took it, and positioned my cock at the entrance. Looking to you for permission to enter, I thrust inside as Sarah giggled at the display. I began fucking Caryn in front of you both.

"Wow. That is pathetic," she said. "Two beautiful women in the room, and he's reduced to that."

You wrapped your arms around her, looking at me over her shoulder. "Great, isn't it? I love watching him do this."

Sarah nodded. "It's like he's fucking his own dignity."

It didn't take long before I was ready to cum, and you saw it easily. As I approached the edge, you stood by me, pinching my nipples.

"Slave, I will let you cum today, but not in Caryn."

"What... how can I cum?!" I begged.

"Well..." you said. "I want you on your back on the bed. Then I want your feet hoisted up in the air. So your cock is right above your face. You getting the picture, slut?"

I pleaded with you. "Please not like that Mistress. Not in front of..."

"Of me?" Sarah asked. "Oh, I think I'd like to watch that, slave. See you give yourself a cum facial. Be good to see a guy take one for a change."

"I agree, honey. It'd be really hot for us. And really hard on you. But it is the only way you cum today, I promise you that."

I was still fucking Caryn, desperate to explode. My mind was already very pliable as you knew it would be. 

To make it more so, you flicked my nipples with a fingernail.

"So beg for it, slut. You aren't just a bystander here. You beg us to do it to you. Or you go back in chastity and Sarah here walks out the door with your key."

I was beaten, and we all knew it. My lust was too strong to resist. 

I broke.

"Please Mistress, Sarah, tie me on the bed. Put my cock in my face. Force my mouth open. And make me cum. I want to wear it and eat it for you both. Please....." I whimpered.

"What's that slave?" Sarah asked, staring my eyes. "You want to eat cum?"

My head hung low, but she took my jaw in her hand and made me look at her.

I couldn't say anything.

She slapped me across the face. The shock woke me up from my haze.

"Yes, Sarah. I want to eat my cum. Please make me."

She grinned. "Good boy!"

You grabbed Caryn, and pulled the fake pussy off my cock suddenly, leaving me eager for more.

"Let's get you in position for your big moment." you said, cuffing my hands behind my back. You pushed me onto the bed on my back.

You slipped a rope around my ankles, then over the 4 poster frame. Pulling it down, my feet and legs went up into the air. My cock hung down towards my chest.

Sarah stuffed a pillow under my head, giving me a better angle to face my cock. She lay down on the bed beside me, her hand between her thighs.

You took my cock in your hand, and aimed it right at my face. Then I felt you push a vibrator against it, and hold it there. A few quick wraps of vetwrap around my cock, and the vibrator was taped against me. It was just a matter of time now.

You knelt by me, holding my cock, keeping it aimed.

"But what if he closes his mouth?" Sarah asked you. "I don't trust him to keep it open at the moment of truth."

You nodded. "Yeah, you're right. He'll wimp out at the last second. Grab that dental gag, and wedge it in his mouth," you told her.

She found the small metal device, and fitted it into my mouth, cranking my jaws open wide. There would be no escape now.

"Much better," she said. "And I'll hold his head too, just to be sure."

With you holding my cock, and Sarah holding my head, now we all just waited for the vibrator to finish its job on me.

"Play with his nipples. He loves it, and it'll force him to cum soon," you told her.

I felt Sarah hold my head by the hair with one hand, and her other hand stroke across my chest. She found a nipple, and tweaked it, rolling it back and forth between her fingers. My whole body surged.

"Yep. Won't be long now," you said to us both.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:    SometimesSub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





