BDSM Library - Changing for Napoleon




Changing for Napoleon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl with a passion for sex and deep penetration is gently modified to have sex with a pony. She comes out on top, though: her two male lovers also get modified in a very exciting way.






﻿Characters: Anna, Big Mike, Julio


I had just finished a light lunch and I was looking out of the Refectory anteroom windows. It looked like a lovely day outside. I could go for a little walk in the gardens, after all I had three hours that I did not know what to do with. There would be tea at five with Jeanne and shortly after Jasmine was going to help her with calculus. Jasmine is a science genius, and what’s more important she has the gift of clear explanations. She can make mathematics very pleasant, without even taking her clothes off.
Me, I like science and school in general, but I would not call it the center of my life. My friends and partners are much more important than any clever bag of symbols - I know that those symbols stand for large, important realities but there is an abstraction step in there that I find hard.
At any rate, I was looking out of the French windows, uncertain what to do. The weather was sunny, but there was still a chilly feeling in the air. I was not dressed warmly enough for going out, but I did not feel like tracking down my coat either - lazy, lazy Anna. I was wearing very thick black tights under a very short red skirt, with red canvas sneakers, a loose black sweatshirt and a crisp red silk shirt. I looked quite striking, if I myself could say that. Panties and bra had been omitted - in the college environment, underwear was more a fashion statement than an accepted necessity and I loved too much the feeling of tights on my bare pussy. All in all, I felt nicely packaged as I stood there. Nothing really sexy, particularly not when compared to the extreme and outlandish outfits some of my schoolmates wear every day. Unlike Sandra who was just now walking in the Refectory accompanied by metallic tinkles, I was not wearing an elaborate chastity belt attached to my multiple genital piercings - in fact, I had only a small piercing on my clit hood. And unlike my beloved Big Mike I had not been ordered to walk around butt naked every Thursday. 
Oh, happy coincidence: just as I was thinking of him, Big Mike appeared from behind a hedge. He was strolling in the gardens in the company of Julio, and apparently they were having a friendly conversation. They were even holding hands, which did not mean that they were gay. They had a loving and slightly embarrassed relationship, because while they did love each other they could not bear to be intimate as gay lovers. They needed something or someone else to make the intimacy more nuanced. In simpler terms, they could not touch each other if they were alone in room but they could touch each other if they were -for example- engaged in an orgy. The two boys were walking towards the College main building, so perhaps their little excursion was over. Mike was obviously naked, except for the boots he was allowed when outside, and Julio was still dressed for athletics. 
They opened the doors and walked in, two big strapping boys laughing and chatting passionately. "Hey, what is so exciting, boys?"
They smiled quickly. Julio had very white teeth and an easy grin. He said "Well, you are very exciting to begin with". They both stood very close to me, like two thugs in a movie trying to intimidate someone. As if. They were both large bodied, and when they were so close to me they made me feel tiny (which I was not: just thin and tall) but not intimidated at all, because I more or less called the shots when it came to this particular threesome.
"It looks like you have something in mind"
There was no way to ignore the slow, majestic rise of Mike’s fat cock, as it rose from its cold-induced state of floppiness and pointed upwards, quite accidentally towards my mouth as if a magnetic force was drawing it there. I stroked it in a friendly, relaxed way and said "well, at least this *thing* has something in mind".
"No need to call it a thing, Anna" said Julio. "No need to be so protective or proprietary, either..." I answered, wondering what his own cock was doing inside his track pants. I thought I could detect some stirring in there. Julio put a big hand on my shoulder and suggested that we go to his room and continue this friendly session of banter in more comfort. 
"You are our precious princess, you know that, but are you going to be our Queen this afteernoon?" Well, perhaps, I thought. But I was not going to make it quite that easy.
"Perhaps, boys, perhaps... it depends."&nbsp; I was not going to say what it depended on, exactly. Boys should always be left wondering, and besides there were accounts to be settled.


That morning, during Biology class, we had been shown a video about orchids. I had found myself sitting in the last row, between the two boys. They had started with hot whispers in my ears, telling my what they were going to do next. Then Julio had opened my cardigan sweater while Mike was holding my arms behind me by my elbows. The sweater had been bunched untidily around my arms and hands, and I had been made to sit on it, effectively handcuffing myself to my chair in a very discreet manner.
Nobody in the class had noticed what the boys were doing in the darkened room, They had played with my tits through my shirt for a long time, during which I had been able to pay at least some attention to the orchids on screen. They had taken their time, using first a light grazing touch that barely engaged my senses, and then pinching and pulling my nipples through the silk. I had had to bite my lips to stop loud moans. Once they had brought me near distraction, they had placed their warm hands on my knees and they had opened my legs. The soundtrack boomed on about how certain bees were very important to certain orchids, and how certain orchids could self pollinate and do without the stupid bees. That sounded like masturbation to me, but I am not sure I was thinking very clearly at that moment. The boys were caressing the inside of my thighs and getting closer to my hot core. Of course, I was wet because of all the touching and the excitement of being very naughty in class. And their murmuring lewd voices in my ears and their occasional quiet wet kisses on my neck.
They opened my legs, I said, my short stiff skirt rode up around my waist, and I felt their fingers confidently touching my pussy through my thick black tights - these very same I was wearing. They were slow, because they knew that the movie had still quite some time to go. And they were so incredibly self assured, as they stared straight ahead with unseeing eyes at the screen and the antics of some vastly enlarged pollinating insect, as it fucked furiously with an orchid that resembled a female of its species. The boys were narrowly concentrated on what their fingers were doing. Julio was moving his fingers in short lateral arpeggios over the bulge of my nylon-covered pussy. I could feel his touch through my closed labia and I could also feel that I was full of liquid warmth. Mike was ranging lower, pushing the first knuckle of his long middle finger inside me, tights and all. The smell of my sex reached my nose, and I thought that if I could smell it, then the rest of the class could as well.
They got insistent and I lost track of time. I returned to reality just before coming. The video had been paused, and the classroom was silent. The two bastards were still quietly playing with me in the darkness. I had been brought back to reality by a bright beam of light from the teacher’s flashlight - I was pinned in the beam, frozen with my mouth open, my eyes half-closed and a raging orgasm thundering up in perhaps thirty seconds. I couldn’t even talk or apologize, all I could do was not moan, and perhaps I wasn’t managing even that as well as I thought.
Everybody else was staring and Mr. Richter, the teacher, kept aiming the light at me. "Will we soon have the pleasure of enjoying your undivided attention, dear Ann? Of course, at your convenience. We can just wait until you are done." Of course I did not feel more at ease after this little statement. But Julio and Mike, who were outside of the spot of hard white light, did not stop, and the light would not waver or go away. So I closed my eyes and came very hard. I am sure I made no noise.
The projection trundled on to its end, and the lights turned on. There was a low murmur of comments and I hastened to review on my tablet the part of the presentation that I had not paid attention to. Mr. Richter started asking random questions about orchids, and predictably tried to catch me unprepared. When I answered correctly he smiled at me and said that he was going to see me after class. Julio and Big Mike did not snicker audibly, but I swear that they were laughing inside.
I was in Mr. Richter’s office for a half hour. He had sent a note to Miss Ross, asking that I be excused for being late in class, so he and I could really focus on the conversation. The conversation, though, was quite one-sided since I was ball-gagged. Had I not been thus encumbered, my part of the intercourse would anyway have consisted mostly of yelps, cries and loud utterances of "Yes", as he variously spanked me, tried to lift me by my nipples, stated that I, Anna, was a slut, the sluttiest student in the school, gave me two hard strokes across my naked butt with a cane and finally sodomized me, hard and long as was his habit. I was brilliant, he said, no hard feelings, but I had been in need of a lesson, and he felt that giving lessons was part of his job. A fair man by anyone’s reckoning, that’s what he is.


Mike and Julio simply owed me. I was going to collect and they were going to like it. We walked to their room, a spacious apartment where six boys could live, although just four of the rooms were occupied this term. Julio’s room was bigger, so we went there. He made tea for us, and we chatted about our fellow students, Pat and Jeanne were so much in love that you could feel it through the whole school, Julio claimed.
"Isn’t that a bit too dramatic even for you?"
Big Mike remarked that it was literally true, as sometimes they fucked so hard that the walls shook.
"Exaggerations again. I agree that Pat looks truly spectacular, and she has such a strong body that she can fuck like a jackhammer. But she is really a very gentle person."
Julio arched an eyebrow. "Gentle? You should have seen her spank Luisa during Athletics. Luisa was trying to be a bit dominant -you know how she is- with Aysha. And you know how Pat is - Aysha’s ass now is her own private playground. So they had a disagreement, and Luisa got spanked by Pat there and then, with Miss Bamberg’s complete approval. Luisa was squealing so hard that she had to be gagged her with her own panties wrapped around her t-shirt. Pat packed her mouth and then borrowed my own jockstrap to keep it all in. Of course it was kind of inconvenient for me later, because I had to do without, but I knew that it was for a good cause."


Interesting piece of news, for sure. I played idly with my long black hair and admired how it shone like metal in the blueish Northern light. I knew that the boys liked what they were seeing, and I knew that it was my privilege to get anything started, if I wanted to. 
"Oh yeah? Did your balls get all stretched out and saggy because you did not have your jockstrap? Sometimes you are such a sissy, even if you are so macho. Show me."
Julio stood up and slowly dropped his grey track pants. Of course his big balls were hanging just like they were supposed to. I grazed them with my fingertips and then took Julio´s cock in my hand.
"What am I going to do with this, I wonder..."
I started experimentally pumping it up and down. It seemed to work, judging by Julio´s smile and his progressively louder moans. What a horny boy, it just takes some innocent play to get him excited.
"While you, Mike, you are so available I don´t even need to ask you to take off your pants."
Mike´s cock had been hard since he had come in from the cold, but I had chosen to ignore it so far. He stood up in front of me, and I half-raised to suck his cock. 
"Julio, get undressed, get my clothes off me and fuck me"
I got on all fours and filled my mouth with the cockhead that was waiting in front of me. So shiny, so big... I covered it with saliva and licked it all around. Then I took in as much of that cock as I could and started working it with my whole mouth. Sucking cock is not just about sucking cock. In fact sucking is only a part. Sucking cock should be a concerted activity of the whole mouth, the lips, the tongue, the cheeks and even the teeth, when required. I focused completely on Mike’s shaft as it slid back and forth. The boy was starting to buck, no danger of him coming yet, but he was definitely enjoying it. Meanwhile Julio had gotten naked. He got behind me and pulled down my tights to barely below my butt. Then he slid his cock in. 
"Julio, I told you to get my clothes off me..."
"I know Anna, but all day long I have been dreaming of doing this, barely lowering your tights and fucking you right away. The dream has come true and it is as delicious as I thought." he said, as held me by my hips and fucked away. That boy has a way with words. But I was not relenting.
Julio gave me a tidy little orgasm, a sort of aperitif. I twisted away from him and his cock flopped out wetly. 
We walked through many different positions, and we ended up in one of our favorites: I was sandwiched between their two hot bodies. Big Mike was in front of me, kissing me deeply and opening my ass with his hands. Julio was taking my ass from behind, his hands were on my breasts and his face was buried in my hair as he nibbled my neck. I knew they could feel each other’s cock through the thin flesh wall, and I knew that they were relishing that intimacy. But we could go deeper. They released deep inside me and for some time we simply rested there in a confusion of warm limbs and smells.&nbsp; I was awakened by Mike twitching inside me. That is one of his favorite tricks. He never brags about the size of his penis, perhaps because it is so big that bragging would be a bit absurd. It would be like Antarctica bragging about cold. He never brags, but sometimes he likes to contract certain muscles most men don’t even know they have, just to make his semi-soft dick wiggle like a snake inside me. Deep inside me. And that is his whole point.
I woke up in a good mood. I smiled. And I said, as causally and lazily as I could manage it: "Ah, boys, if you are still interested..."
Mike was almost indecently eager. "Of course we are still interested. And we have everything ready for our Queen."
Of course they would, I thought. That was what they lived for, their part of the game. Being ready and delicately pushing me in the direction that they wanted. Who was leading the game, she wondered. I liked to think that it was myself, but after all...
Mike and Julio opened a drawer and took out a white flat box. The box contained, I knew that by heart, white stockings, a white basque, a white lace collar, white shoes with high heels, white satin gloves, and a silver and diamond jewellery set including a tiara, a collar, bracelets, anklets and a particularly fine solitaire ring. In a separate compartment, a sceptre shaped like two cocks twisted together shone dimly, its four spherical testicles reflecting dully the rooms. 
They dressed me in the royal finery, carefully smoothing the stockings on my legs and making sure that the basque was laced just right. They took their time, but I know that fetishists should never be hurried - besides, I did enjoy the wait. They were behaving almost like waiters or valets, apparently ministering to my needs, but I knew for a fact that they were burning with excitement, my two horny toy boys. I made sure to accidentally bump my hand into their hard cocks and brush casually their hard nipples as they dressed me and fussed with the jewelry.


The last item in the box was a small ball of leather straps, joined together by steel rings. Without me asking them, the boys had laid down on the floor with their heads at opposite ends and their legs intertwined. Their balls were touching and their cocks, now back to full hardness, were sticking up vertically. The balls unwound itself into a twin cock harness that I installed lovingly around the bases of their cocks and their balls. I gave the straps a final tug, which produced a theatrical low moan from Julio. I lubricated them and my ass with a special thick white lubricant from a jar, and then slowly squatted down.
My butt was barely grazing their cockheads. I kept it there, slowly oscillating and brushing back and forth, enjoying the expectation and the visible twitches in the boys’ taut bellies. I came to rest with the tips kissing my asshole. I grabbed the twin cocks with my right hand, made sure that everything was just right and started my slow and long trip down them. The heads were inside me in a second, and I just had to relax my legs to feel their massive presence slide inside me, slowly, surely and easily. Very easily. Almost disturbingly so, but then, it had to be the effect of the dilation sessions.


I flashed back to the last dilation session. Was it really the last one? It did not matters, all sessions were the same. It went like this: Julio and Mike would wake me up in the middle of the night, fit me with a ballgag and a blindfold and then walk me through long corridors that I had never been able to retrace by day. The walk ended in a small echoing room were I was led to what felt and behaved like a gynecologist’s chair. They would gently install me on the chair, tie me down with broad, soft, leather straps that left no marks on my skin and then they would fuck me in every possible way. My pussy, my ass, my mouth were constantly penetrated by their cocks and by dildos and vibrators. They would play with my tits and spank them, pull my nipples and make me come over and over. They would disregard my orgasms and just fuck me some more. 
Over time, I had noticed, things had changed. The dildos had gotten progressively bigger. The boys had started wearing cock sheaths or pumping up before taking me. They had both fucked my pussy at the same time, and my ass too. At the end of the session, they would help me off the chair, gag me again, and walk me to our rooms. In the morning it was literally as if nothing had happened. The session were not discussed, ever. None of us had ever so much dropped a hint about what went happened on some nights. We were being extraordinarily polite to each other, I think. And in another way, it was very weird, although perhaps not the weirdest part of our daily lives. The last dilation session (I realize "dilation" is perhaps the least sexy word in the English language, but it is really the most appropriate) had been particularly deep. I had felt opened up all the way, I felt that some parts of my flesh that had been hitherto virgin were being deliciously violated. The caresses were somehow more intimate, and I could swear that the last dildo had taken almost an hour to slip out of me at the end. Perhaps not an hour, but time was so subjective during those session...


So I, the Queen of Sodomy, fucked myself on those cocks easily and pleasantly. I slowly turned a full circle on my spine, trying to choose which position was the most pleasurable... probably the best was to be facing one of the boys’ heads. That made for the best alignment, definitely. I started caressing my pussy, how could they neglect it? I started bouncing up and down on the twinned cocks of the boys and I fucked myself with my right hand. We did not share these scenes with the college community. This was our private space, to be kept between ourselves and our owners. My hand fitted intimately, but there was still a need, an unsatisfied need in my belly. I was not getting the full feeling, when my hips start swivelling around a fixed point in space and I can’t move but just twist and rotate. That feeling of being completely, fully fucked: that anything else may happen today, but this one thing is sure, you have been fucked truly and to satisfaction.


I could fist myself harder, sure, but it was not going to be enough either. I thought longingly for a moment of Aldo’s magnificent knob. But Julio did not like Aldo in bed, which made for complications. I did not want any complications, which had encouraged me so far to enjoy Aldo mostly on my own. I was sure that Aldo was going to have some trouble in the outside world, because his penis was definitely too big for normal human females. But then, his wealthy owner had probably planned for everything. At any rate, Aldo was just fine for me, although he did not fill me to capacity. Capacity... funny world. I had always felt a strong reluctance about knowing the exact maximum size of my pussy. I knew that I could accommodate easily and delightfully any penis in the College. I could have easily looked up the logs of the dilation sessions, to see how far they had pushed me, or rather how far we had pushed ourselves - but I did not want to. I like to keep it like a little mystery to myself.


The sceptre, with its two massively realistic cocks, seemed like the obvious solution. I grabbed it by the balls and slipped it inside myself, slowly and carefully, feeling each ridge and veiny hump as it passed my dilated labia. The boys felt it too, the mirror image of their dicks bumping and pressing upon their real dicks. It slid home and for a moment we all froze, just savoring the feeling of our intimate connectedness. I realized that I did not even need to keep pushing, as the sceptre’s geometry made it stay inside quite easily. I made small incoherent sounds and rocked back and forth as wet squishy noises emanating from my crotch. So much cock, so much cock all for me... I rode those dicks hard and reached a screaming orgasm that left everybody’s ears ringing. My body felt very soft afterwards, I delicately flopped down on top of Mike and just rested there for some minutes.


Julio cleared his throat. So did Big Mike. They had not come, but why? What was the matter. "Well, beloved Queen, we think that what you just did was above and beyond the call of duty for a Sovereign Queen. You have reached a threshold, we agree. What is more powerful and grand than a Queen? You already know the answer. An Empress. But you are not exactly there yet, Your Serenity is still an Imperial Princess. If you want to become our Empress, you have to go through the coronation ritual. Are you ready for it?"


It did not strike me as unusual in the least that they were asking me to sign a blank cheque. They had not volunteered anything about the coronation ritual, which was obviously a dare. I was emphatically not going to ask. I could take anything they could dish out. I flashed back to the first time both of them had taken me in my ass. I was not sure it would work, but then my HUD reassured me that they were going to fit but there might be some "permanent modification to the part, reversible with therapy", in other words my ass could end up being permanently stretched out of shape. I had been willing to try and it turned out that my ass had adapted just fine, swimmingly well in fact. Besides, that was what our owner wanted, so there was no question of just not doing it. Delay was an option, but the owner were never to be denied.


"Of course I am ready, what do you think I am?"


"Yes, of course, your Serenity, we would never doubt your daring. Let’s have a walk to the Eastern Pavilion, shall we? I suggest you wear this convenient shalwar kameez that you forgot in my bed one week ago..." We walked out of our rooms. 


The Eastern Pavilion is a pleasant, isolated building connected to the main body of the College by a footpath that crosses a small wood. The Pavilion is made of dark wood, almost black. There is a simple central room with a lustrous pale wood floor. Some of the windows have parchment shutters that impede the view but let the light in and turn the harsh afternoon sun into a pleasant, diffused glow.&nbsp; Julio turned the worn handle on a small door and we entered the Pavilion. A peculiar metal contraption stood in the center of the room, resting on a long carpet that extended the length of the room, all the way from the back wall to the big bay windows in front. Clearly the boys knew what the object was, and they were expecting me to be surprised and start asking questions, which would have been the natural thing to do - the thing looked decidedly odd. Its shiny contours followed very closely the outline of a human body. It was like the negative of a human, abstracted down to polished beams. Huge leather belts, heavily padded, hung from the metal limbs. If its purpose was, as it looked, to hold someone immobilized, it looked vastly over engineered. 


Julio said "I don’t think you have ever seen this before. This just isn’t one of your kinks, not yet."


What was so unusual about this bondage bed, I wondered. It looked like a very serious piece of hardware, and I had been on bondage beds (and bondage chairs and bondage sofas and basically bondage anything) before. Never on this particular one, but... once you have seen a bondage bed, you have seen all of them. The trope held, as closer examination did not reveal anything particularly fiendish about it, no hidden motors or pop-up dildos or electrical stimulators.


"Well, boys" -I liked calling them boys, it kept them in their place and also made them horny- "I think I know what you expect". Shalwar kameez indeed: a garment that can be removed in ten seconds. I was naked, again, and I laid down on the bed. I was trying hard to keep a cool, detached attitude. I did not want to give in to the boys’ seductions too soon and make everything too easy for them. But it was very difficult to prevent myself from sighing as the broad padded belts were tightened around my limbs and my chest. A padded strap even went around my head, making it difficult to look anywhere but dead ahead. I had a good view of the room. I noticed that the head of the bed was slightly higher than the other end. I noticed that my whole body had been carefully strapped down, but that my breasts, my crotch and my ass were pointedly free from any obstruction. I suspected that I knew where this was going. I was very wrong, though.
In retrospect, I should have wondered. If they just wanted to tie me up and fuck me, they could have done it in our rooms or, if they really wanted to use a bondage bed, they could have taken me to one of the common rooms inside the main College building. Why here? The Pavilion was a beautiful, quiet place, but its qualities would not have justified, should not have justified the trip.


Everything was very quiet. I could not move a muscle, but I did not really want to, so it was OK. Outside, the trees moved in the afternoon breeze. Some darker bushes managed to hide completely the College. Nobody was about. Everything was indeed very quiet.


I broke down. "So what is special about this bondage bed? Are the straps made out of ostrich leather?". Mike smiled and caressed my belly. "No, there is nothing special about the bed. It is well made and very solid, but it is just a bondage bed." 


Before I could interrupt Julio continued. "The only special thing is that Napoleon likes it." There were no students named Napoleon nor, as far as I could recall, no staff either. It had to be somebody new, a very unusual occurrence in the sealed word of the College. They pressed on. "Would you like to meet Napoleon? You might like him."


You could always count on them to up the ante. I insisted on playing cool. "Sure, why not? Is he nice?". "Of course he is nice, extremely nice. He loves girls like you."


Julio and Big Mike walked to the front of the pavilion and opened the French windows. Silhouetted against the bright verdant background, I could see a woman that I did not recognize. She had a very large animal on a leash. The masked woman, all clad in black, walked into the pavilion with assurance, leading the animal. After a few seconds, when they were out of the glare, I realized that the animal was in fact a light brown pony whose steps were softly muffled by the carpet. The carpet would also protect that fancy floor from the horseshoes, I thought inanely. And the pony was a palomino, not brown, yes I was pretty sure I could see the white hair. Still more inanity, in the face of the unbelievable fact that they wanted me to have sex with a horse.


"So what do you say?" they asked me gently.
"I think you are nuts. You are insane. Off your rocker. Ga ga. Loony. Bananas. Crazy. Certifiable. More crazy than..."
"Yes, I get it, but why don’t you ask your HUD? Just ask, will you?"
"You are crazy."
"You already said that. Pretty please?"


I accessed my HUD and asked politely if I should even consider sex with "that". The HUD answered with very familiar words. Yes, with a possibility of "permanent modification to the part, reversible with therapy". I checked again. Confirmed. I was very close to asking to see some numbers, but I checked myself. Rules were rules, even strange rules. I gulped and started actually considering saying "Yes". But no, it would be too much.


The woman spoke for the first time. It was one of the ponygirl trainers. Perhaps I had met her a couple of times, but we moved in different circles. "Of course you are not going to take the whole thing. Napoleon fucks all the ponygirls regularly, but none of them can take his whole cock - nobody can. It is just too long. He is a very sensitive pony, and he knows that when he touches bottom he must not go deeper. The ponygirls take eight inches, ten perhaps, fourteen at most. But never the whole thing, it is over twenty inches. He is very reasonable, you can trust him."


I had never been much for bestiality. I got some basic training with dogs as part of my education, but I did not really love it. It is true that a dog can fuck you harder than any human, but this is balanced by the fact that most dogs take hours to understand that they are supposed to fuck you, tend to scratch your legs and then last very little. But I did not know anything about horses.


The boys started playing with my breasts and with my pussy. I turned out to be rather wet, I am sure because of the previous play. I was not considering giving in to their bizarre request. I was not even thinking about it. It was just too big. I should be nuts.


But then, a wave of pleasure started rolling out of my sex. It washed over me, made my nipples crinkle. Made me moan. If they continued like this, I was going to come...


"OK. Yes. I will do it." 


That was your voice, Anna. That was me, giving in. Those two bastards.


The trainer made the horse advance and straddle me. Julio started turning a crank and the bondage bed opened its leg section. I did not try to resist those powerful gears and felt my pussy increasingly exposed. 


Napoleon was a gentleman among horses, that was clear. First, he smelled me all over, making me shiver when his warm breath washed over me. Then he gently licked the tip of my nose, which made me giggle. The solemnity of the proceedings having been luckily broken, he licked my breast. His huge pink tongue could completely cover one of my tits. The trainer had done a great job with this pony, I thought, as his tongue drew a trail of saliva down my belly. He stopped politely at my tiny bellybutton and looked at me. What was he waiting for? I said "go for it, boy". The clever little horse dipped his head between my legs and started giving me the best pussy licking, bar none, I had ever received. He teased me. He laved me. He slipped as much of his tongue inside me as he could, and made it wriggle and curl inside me. I was in paradise thanks also to the boys’ efforts. I think that they were playing with my slippery breasts and feeding me cock, but it was hard to be sure at the time. You see, I was quite focused on Napoleon. He raised his beautiful head and advanced on my trapped body. I could feel his warmth and his pleasant smell. I was breathing hard, and I stopped outright when I felt something large, smooth and slippery touch my sex. It was monstrous. I had not wanted to look at it yet, and now I could not really see the horse penis well, because of my position, but that gigantic flared head gently rubbing against my pussy lips told me everything. My pussy was oozing with lubricant, and the trainer persuaded the flared cockhead to slip inside me. 


Napoleon looked at me again, looking down into my eyes. I realized that I still needed to breath every now and then. The pony started to push, and I felt opened beyond anything I had ever experienced. It was slow, irresistible and oddly delicate, like some finely balanced enormously heavy mechanism docking with another equally intricate massive structure. Stately spaceships, capital units docking with immense orbit stations, vast hulls pushing their way through my pussy with the assurance that only megatons of inertia and two powerful golden thighs can provide. I slipped out of my trance when the trainer touched my belly and started massaging me to ease the passage. "Yes, she is so thin that I can feel her tummy bulge. But she is taking it like a champ. Eight inches, this is what all ponygirls can take... still smooth... nine inches... getting tighter perhaps? No? More cock? You don’t need to speak, I can read it in your eyes. Go ahead, Napoleon, give the lady what she wants, nice and slow. Ten inches, this is very good. Darling, now fuck her a bit, like you know. Let’s smell the roses."


Julio suddenly disappeared from my view. He slipped under the bed and started teasing my ass with his cock. Then he got serious and slipped inside me, which made my pussy still tighter around the horse’s hard member. Zoology class had taught us that horses do not thrust. After penetration they just sit there for a while and then come. Well, this little horse clearly had not read the zoology primer we were using. Napoleon was leisurely fucking me with perhaps half of his cock, letting me feel his veiny mass. Then the trainer patted Napoleon on his back and the pony took a step forward, his hoofs dully thudding into the carpet. "Let’s find out her limit, shall we? So now you know why all the ponygirls have an N followed by a number tattoed on their butt... you too are going to get the tattoo, sweetie. Slow and low, Napoleon, no hurry. Will bottom out any moment now...twelve inches? This is quite something, young lady, I wasn’t expacting you to take so much. And it is not stopping. Are you OK? Do you feel allright? Please, say something". Big Mike was looking at me with some concern.


I found it hard to find something to say, something coherent I mean. I managed to mumble that I was OK, please continue, I was in paradise. And indeed I was. My sex felt like it was melting in front of the giant cock inside me. I did not know how more I could take, but it did not matter at all. 
Napoleon resumed his pushing. He snorted. I realized that he was exerting amazing self control not to go crazy and fuck me at full speed, which would probably kill me. But this was a special pony, a pony that was trusted with College students’ bodies, so nothing could possibly go wrong. Still... still, I moaned as the trainer mumbled something about thirteen and fourteen inches... still, this was really CONTRA NATURAM as old Pound used to thunder at us in the American Literature VR environment. We we are all abominable in his eyes, but this did not prevent us from loving his poetry. I did not imagine I had such spaces inside me, to contain the huge hot tool that was even now sliding in and out. Napoleon fucked me back and forth for a few minutes, celebrating this new position he had conquered. I felt my pussy being pulled out of me and then pushed back inside me. I barely felt Julio come and Mike take his place. My mind was wandering, going back to Pound and to how we used to shout his brutal sestina, Altaforte, at the top of our lungs. "Spiked breast to spiked breast opposing!", I could still belt out the whole thing. Napoleon twitched his head, which dragged me away from my reverie. Anna, such an absent minded girl. How can you lose focus when a horse is fucking you? Repeat it, but not aloud or everybody will freak out, a horse is fucking you. You are being fucked by a horse, it sounds just as dirty in the passive voice. A horse is fucking you in front of your lovers and a strange, albeit friendly, woman and you are loving every second of it. You are a freak, Anna. But you always suspected that. Napoleon was looking at the trainer, who eventually gave him a tiny nod.


The pony fucked me deeper and ever so slowly. I could feel a growing tightness. Perhaps the journey was coming to an end. Napoleon’s cock suddenly stopped as he felt that he had reached the bottom of her pussy. "You are incredible. Nobody, nobody has ever taken so much and so easily. You were made for this. Boys, you were so right". Half of my mind was listening to her, but the other half was feeling a terrible yearning from the center of my body. I knew without knowing how that this was not the end and that the best was yet to come. I knew that Napoleon’s cockhead was resting against a sphincter that gave access to a chamber. A cavity. A space designed for him. He would just need to push a bit harder. I mumbled that I wanted more cock.


The trainer seemed to communicate silently with the little horse. She thought for a while. "He agrees, he feels that you are right. Go, Napoleon", she said. Napoleon smoothly increased the force he was exerting. I felt growing pressure, and again I marveled at his delicate ways. I had realized it immediately: a gentlemen. Something opened up inside me, and the pony’s glans rushed into a chamber lined with short stubby protrusions and bathed in thick lubricant. Muscles whose existence I had completely ignored so far started twitching just below my tits, squeezing and milking Napoleon’s flare. He whinnied. He was not going to try to pull out, not with that sphincter trapping him inside. My pussy started contracting in ripples, pulling him inside of me as far as possible.


And that was when Napoleon felt something he had never experienced in his busy sex life. His balls were touching the buttocks of the girl he was servicing. He was completely inside me.


Napoleon had experienced complete penetration many times, every time in fact that he mounted the little pony mare that was his stable companion. But that was different. Horse pussy is loose, he thought, welcoming and warm but loose. On the other hand, with the mare he could go as crazy as he wanted and she loved it, while with girls he had to be extremely careful. 


But this girl, this girl... the pony felt pleasure radiate from his entire penis, as the huge organ was being stroked and suckled. He whinnied again. "When is he going to come?", Julio asked the trainer. "When I tell him to. I think he is enjoying this a lot. She is loving it, aren’t you? Would you like to say something?".
Communicating was not so easy for me, but I managed to get across that I wanted to come and I could come only if he, Napoleon, came too. The trainer sighed and lingered for a while, clearly enjoying the show too much to cut it short. She stroked Napoleon’s tense back and my taut belly, caressed my sweaty hair and, after waiting as long as she could without making it look like she was ignoring me, she slapped the pony’s rump and commanded him to come. 
Napoleon’s back hunched and his cock squirted dense sperm inside me. I felt my innermost chamber flooded with his hot fluid. He pulled back with his powerful haunches, and slowly extracted his enormous lenght from my belly. The trainer was still in awe, and I felt a strange, tight fullness deep inside me. I realized that the pony’s sperm was inside me, trapped inside by a tight ring of muscle. A fragment of embedded knowledge dissolved in my brain and I knew what to do. "Julio, please make me come with your mouth. I need to release the sperm." Julio obliged with passion, as is his custom. He fingered my ass as he licked my pussy and massaged my belly lovingly. I came quickly, flooding his mouth with dense horse sperm. He choked. He sputtered. He looked hurt. He damn well deserved it, scheming bastard that he is. A lovable scheming bastard, no doubt about it.


She smiled at me and mentioned that my tattoo was going to be a golden N inside a crown of laurels. No numbers would be added to it, because I had taken it all. I suggested that she use ink visible only in UV light, because I did not want to attract unwanted attention. She accepted that, and we arrived at the compromise that the tattoo would be UV-only but very large, taking up my entire left buttock. But invisible under most circumstances. I felt that it was a good deal.


The trainer lovingly kissed my belly and bid adieu. I got a last look at Napoleon’s noble head, a last glimpse of his soft dick swinging gaily under his belly. Then Julio and Mike turned to me. I noticed that I was still conveniently tied up on a heavy duty bondage bed. I had not moved one millimeter, in fact. "Boys..." I started and Mike shushed me: "No, Anna, don’t worry, you are our Empress now. We have to apply to your body the insignia of your rank now. Then we will untie you and your Empire will start. For now, please drink this glass of juice".
Tastes like pear juice, thick, very thick. Nanotech soup. I can feel the tiny machines as they spread around my body, getting ready to do something only these two scheming bastards (both of them) knew about. 
Julio flourished a magic wand. "Now, Anna, as I sweep this over your body the local nanomachines cluster will activate and do minor changes to your anatomy. Minor enhancenments that will give you a true Imperial body".
I was very curious and impatient to find out what they had planned for me. Imperial indeed. Julio swept the wand over my face. I had a slight feeling of tension and release around my cheekbones, a slow movement around my chin. "There, a slightly haughty expression, a sharper chin, fuller lips. Domineering, made for command. Now let’s go lower." 
He waved the wand with relish over my chest. Of course, there goes Captain Obvious and his favourite body modification. BIGGER BOOBS, yep, I could feel them swelling and growing with enthusiasm. "This is going to take a while, I am afraid, so let’s move down your belly. A tiny tightening of the waist, a bit more hips. Your ass I will not presume to touch at all. Now that your breasts are nearly done, it is time to start work on the Imperial Pussy!"
He lightly struck my pussy with the wand and I could feel the telltale twinge of deep rearrangement. I could not look down very well because of my enormous breasts, exactly how enormous I could only begin to fathom. I just hoped that they would feel more reasonable later, when I would stand up and give the boys a good solid whipping. 
"Almost done, just a bit of en pointe attitude for your feet, makes it easy to wear high heels, advisable actually, and we are done!"
They got to work unstrapping me from the bed and helped me stand up on wobbly feet. The red 5" heel mules they had ready for me were very welcome. Then, they dressed me carefully in the blood-red imperial finery: a corset, giving welcome support to my boobs, which are as big as I feared and surprisingly sensitive, holding up stockings with six garters that framed red leather panties.
Then they stepped back. They were done. They were waiting for me to do something.
"My lovers, this was quite... surprising. I was very far from expecting anything like this, but let me set your minds at rest, I loved it, every second of it, every inch of it. My ears are still ringing from how much I came. This having been dutifully said, what are my imperial prerogatives? They must be superior to the queenly prerogatives that you had previously invested me with."
The queenly prerogatives consisted in Julio and Big Mike being sexually submissive to me for three days. I usually organized a party on the second day, and got a sizable portion of the College to fuck them. But they still would not touch each other. 
"Empress, your chief prerogative is our total submission for the duration of one week."
Total submission? Heady stuff. And then my mind clicked, probably the nastier part of it, and I realized that I already had at hand something that would both balance the situation and let me indulge a very old fantasy of mine.
I smiled as we walked slowly back to our rooms. It was not revenge, simply... narrative necessity, if you will, but it felt very good nonetheless.
I was wearing my shalwar kameez, because I did not want any other student to see me before I had had the chance to look at myself in an upright mirror. I was curious about my new body and I was particularly curious about my pussy: it felt different, somewhat more present and slippery. I ached to touch myself, but I was not going to break down so easily in front of the boys.
We were in our rooms again. I made them strip and ordered them to take the two large red pills I had just taken out of a jeweled box. "I have had these ready for a while, waiting for the right occasion, and thanks to you boys the time has come", I said as I served them glasses of cold water.
I made them wear hoods and then proceeded to dress them in feminine underwear. I pulled stockings up their legs, wrapped their torsos in corsets that were the wrong shape for them and even made them wear shoes with high heels. 
"Now, let me make you comfortable. I don’t have a magic wand, but rather a simple remote that will start the nanomachines in both your bodies. Changes will happen at the same time. Try not to faint and fall on the ground. There is a bench behind you in case you need to sit down. There it goes"
The remote control clicked.
First their faces changed. Tiny changes that were not visible through the thick bondage hoods, but I knew that they would feel them. I had spent a lot of time designing those minute alterations to their features that would make them look like feminine versions of themselves. It was essential that they should be recognizably themselves, even in their new characters of Julia and Michaela (not Big Michaela, of course, that would sound terrible).
They were not saying anything as the wave of change slowly rolled down their neck, mostly unchanged, and set to work on their chest. Their most visible muscles became softer in their outlines and their breasts began to take shape. This was going to take a while, so I had coded the nanomachines to keep working their way down even if their tits were not ready yet. 
I decided to break the silence. What’s the point in being the dominant party if you cannot do what you want? "Yes, you are growing breasts. They are going to be noticeable. Now you should feel your waist tighten...&nbsp; right, and that funny ripple was a general blurring of your sixpacks. I don’t fall for muscle girls. Now your dicks."
At least in part, they were typical men: they drew a sharp breath. They were worried. 
I knew I would drag out this part, and draw as much enjoyment as I could from their mute questions.


"So, boys, there are really three types of dickgirls. There are the tiny little sissies, boys with underveloped bodies, small dicks and small tits. There are the normal looking ones, unremarkable female bodies that just happen to have a cock. Sometimes a big cock. Then there are the baroque dickgirls. These girls are tall and they have somewhat broader chests than your average woman. This is so that they can have really large brests. The baroque dickgirls have long cocks, proportional to their gloriously artificial bodies. They rewrite the myth of the Amazons, as it were. I guess you can tell which type of dickgirl you are going to be..."


During my little speech I was checking that their cocks were developing properly. Longer, somewhat thinner and with an obscene egg-shaped prepuce, made to dilate and invade. There was no trace of a foreskin. Just an elegant, veined shaft that ended in a shiny purple head. 


I let the changes take their course and caught the opportunity to examine my pussy. My new huge tits got in the way very much, but I was able to gather that my sex was now fatter and more protruding. My pussy lips had become more chubby and squishy. My clitoris had not been left alone either: it had become longer, with a larger round head. It hid perfectly between my new bigger folds. My labia minora looked quite unchanged, and the inside of my pussy felt somewhat softer, but I was going to have to wait for a proper inspection. The nanomachines had finished their work on the girls. Each one the size of a white blood cell, they would now break down into nutrients and a small amount of waste.


"Yes, my darlings you are quite done now". Their garments fit the two girls perfectly. They were completely hairless below the neck and their skin had become smoother and more delicate everywhere. Julia and Michaela did not know yet, but the hair on their heads was growing at a madly accelerated rate, as it would all night long. They were going to wake up in need of a visit to the College hairdresser. 
I released them from their bondage and ordered them to play with their own breasts. They were very shy at the beginning but they quickly realized that their tits were as sensitive as they were large, and that their nipples and swollen areolas were magical sources of pleasures. When they started moaning I told them to play with each other’s tits.
That they did without hesitation, as they had enjoyed nipple play many times in the past. But what they were touching was hugely different. Soft, sensitive breast flesh, insted of the hard planes of a masculine chest. 
I masturbated them both. This was going very well. "Now play with your cocks."
I had been deliberately ambiguous, but they did not disappoint me at all. They went straight for each other’s penis, and started stroking. "Of course you cannot come, no excuses would be accepted." I let them stroke each other to a fine pitch of excitement and fetched what was necessary for the next step in their education.


I took a curious silicone device from a locked drawer. It was a floppy translucent tube, with hoops at the extremities. I squirted a lot of lubricant inside it and fitted it over both their cocks. The tube was a large masturbation sheath, custom made for them. Their cocks would be stroked by the squishy ribbed silicone and they would rub against each other, just like they had rubbed inside of me so many times. I fitted the soft hoops around their heavy ballsacks, and watched them start to stroke with the right phase, their purple cockheads bumping into each other each time.
I was taming them like two skittish colts, small changes, everything had to be almost like a previous time, barely different. Instead of me, a silicone toy to make their cocks rub against each other.
Without any instructions from me, they had started kissing and playing with their titties. 
Good little girls... I left them to their pleasure for a while, and then slapped both their butts. A very satisfying jiggle, I noticed. "Now take that toy off your cocks, you hot bitches. Who has gone longer without coming?"
Big Mike, now Michaela, said "since 10 AM, in class"
Julio, now delicious Julia, said "me too."
Michaela made to slap Julia "You lying bitch, I saw you fuck that hot girl from the first year, right before lunch break"
Julia reddened and did not attempt to deny anything.
"Good, so it is you Michaela. Fuck me, please"
I lied down in the missionary position, still resplendent in my imperial finery. This was an unusually straightforward request. Just straight fucking. Of course there would be something more, but for now the dickgirl let her desire for pleasure drive. 
Michaela did not ask any questions, she just settled herself between my spread thighs and delicately entered me. Her cockhead has been specially shaped to stimulate me. I had redesigned their cocks around, or perhaps inside, my pussy. I would tell them later.
"Now, Julia, fuck Michaela"
The girl broke her rhythm and settled deep inside of me. She was making it easier for her lover by standing still and presenting a fixed target. No hesitations in my lovely girl, I thought as I pulled her nipples somewhat harshly. I felt her cock being pushed harder inside me, as Julia mounted her. I squeezed her tits and whispered in her ear.


"Now you are a girl, you have been fucked in your ass by a hot cock and you liked it, you understand, yes, you know it inside you, you feel it. You have been feminized, from now on you will crave cock and pussy, you will do anything for sex. You will obey me in everything, my slut, and I will lead you to pleasure. I will do all I want with you. I will have you fucked for my entertainment in front of me. I will lend you to my friends for the night. I will tie you up in public and leave you there with a note specifying what passers by can do to you. It will be a very long note. I will take you on a leash to BDSM parties, and contribute you to the slave pool. You two will be my complete slave sluts, you understand?"


She moaned her agreement. "You can both come now..."


Fairness demanded a repeat. As a compensation for coming second, I asked Michaela to fuck me in the ass. I had to twist a bit to deliver the same instructional speech in her ear, but I could see that it had struck home.


We languished for some time in bed, furtively experimenting with our new bodies. I woke up refreshed, to the sound of two horny dickgirls kissing each other and playing with each other’s tits. Talk about naturals, I thought. Perhaps they should stay like this. Or this could become a regular event. Our owner was sure to make his will be known, I could only hope he would take my wishes into account. 
We showered and dressed for our first evening out with our new dazzling bodies. I made them up and gave them beauty tips. Their demeanor was getting more and more feminine, and their hair was already long enough to be styled into charming pageboys. I made them wear dresses that would accentuate their new shape and occasionally (but I did not tell them this) show a bit of a bulge. Sure to be a hit with boys, girls and everything else and in between, I thought.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:        Nominalista


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





