BDSM Library - Hubby and Masters Surprise




Hubby and Masters Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Fantasies do come true






Hubby and Masters Surprise 
I&#8217;ve been with my Husband and Master for 10 years now
We&#8217;ve been into bondage for most of that time, he introduced me to it and I have loved every minutes of it
A couple of weeks ago we were talking about our fantasies after a couple of glasses of wine he asked me what are my main fantasies.
I was a little tipsy so I told him in detail lots of my fantasies
 Several weeks later he told me he was going to make several of my fantasies come true. I said which ones but he wouldn&#8217;t tell me.
He said I would just have to trust him (which I do)
I was trying to remember all I had said that night, but I&#8217;d told him lots.
I said yes I would love that very much (I was horny just thinking about it).
 
On the Monday before, he asked me to sign a contract for the following Saturday Stating
 
On Saturday at 8. O&#8217;clock pm
You will be ready in leather boots, boobless Basque, hood, blindfold, mp3 player inserted in ears and playing load in continues mode.
 
You will make available all leather bondage gear and toys

Your pussy will be freshly shaved
 
The session will last 3 hour and you are not to speak at all in that time and you are not to remove the hood, blindfold, or mp3 player
 
For this 3 hour period you will do whatever your master requires without question
 
There was more to the contract, but that&#8217;s it in brief.
So I signed it
 
Saturday soon came around and I was as Horny as Hell
We went out for the afternoon and had something to eat and got home about 4 pm.
He went out about 6 and I was to text him when I was ready
All the time I was thinking what he had in store for me, was it new toys new bondage furniture I didn&#8217;t have a clue.
But the more I thought about it the more turned on I was getting.
All the leather gear I was to wear he&#8217;d laid on the bed ready for me before leaving, there was the leather boobless Basque, Full Leather hood with mouth opening, leather blindfold, Leather thigh boots and a new cotton black thong with tie sides that I&#8217;d not seen before plus our mp3 player.

So I started to get ready I had a long bath and a shave as I was instructed, I then did my hair and started to put the Basque on and I pulled the laces as tight I could and tied them off. Then I put my boots on and then the black thong, the last thing I had to do was get my hair ready for the hood so I put it up into a high pony tail. Then I put the mp3 player ear pieces in my ears and then I got the hood and got my hair thru it so my pony tail was out of the hood and pulled the laces tight. I could still see at this point because of the eye holes in the hood so went over to a mirror and had a good look (I thought to myself god Tracy you look hot and very fuckable) I was getting so turned on. 

Then I got on the bed turned the mp3 player on and text my Master to say I was nearly ready which I did then put the blindfold on and buckle it up in place.
I was now ready for whatever my Master wanted to do with me (god I was so very horny) 
Part of the contract stated that I should be playing with myself (no toys) but I should not orgasm
 
I was there for I think about 20 or 30 minutes it&#8217;s hard to say with the mp3 player in, is not possible to hear a thing and time is distorted and was in a dream like state.
I was very wet and as HORNY as HELL waiting for my Master, The tong was getting very wet too by this point and I was thinking of things that my master might do to me.

Then I felt the first touch of my Master as he untied the thong and gently removed it slowly down and off and then he handed me a toy it had begun.
 

At this point I had no idea that my master had invited several other masters (I still don&#8217;t know how many he won&#8217;t tell me) I was giving a full-on display for my Master or so I thought and enjoying every minute. 
  
As soon as I came with one toy it would be replaced with several others including a cucumber
He told me the day after that it wasn&#8217;t him that was handing me the toys

 

After the bed session he put me into bondage hands secured behind my back with leather cuffs that went up my back and was secured around my neck. 
He then opened my mouth and forced the rolled up cum soaked wet thong in my mouth and quickly secured it with a leather strap.
I was pulled of the bed moved to another room and he then bent me over one of our benches and strapped me down using more straps than usual I couldn&#8217;t move an inch.
He used our leg spreaders to spread my legs but wider than usual. It left my soaking pussy open and gapping and on full show.
He then started to push a butt plug in my ass it tuck several minutes to work it in because it was a new bigger one that we hadn&#8217;t used before (again I was told it wasn&#8217;t him)
He played with my pussy with a large dildo I was just loving every minutes of it I just didn&#8217;t want it to stop, I was having small orgasms all the time.
 Then he started pulling on the butt plug at the same time as fucking me with the dildo working the butt plug in and out a bit at a time, at this point I had a massive orgasm and started shacking and bucking but I was strapped down firm and couldn&#8217;t move which had the effect of making my orgasm even bigger.
He was now fucking me hard with the butt plug and the dildo in and out faster and faster it was driving me mad and yet another massive orgasm.
I was shaking uncontrollably and screaming into my gag with total pleasure, then it all stopped the butt plug was pushed back in my butt and the dildo was removed
I know he hadn&#8217;t finished with me in that position, I thought he was just giving me a rest for a couple of minutes



After 10 minutes or so he removed the gag and quickly pushed his cock in my mouth very slowly but very deep, It was my turn to please my Master now I thought and tried to take as much of him as I could. He had hold of my pony tail and was fucking my mouth deeply put slowly and getting it as far down my throat as he could.
 At the same time my ass was being whipped by him I thought.
 I was in a dream state with the music playing in my ears and loving everything my master was doing to me.
After maybe 3 or 4 minutes it&#8217;s hard to say he pushed his cock in very deep and held it there for several seconds.
At that very moment another cock pushed hard all the way in my pussy and held it there (Total Shock) I really had no idea there were others there. My Master started moving in and out of my mouth again and the person in my pussy started to fuck me slowly (we had talked about a gangbang and other people but up till now it was just one of my fantasies) 
If I didn&#8217;t have the hood on they would have seen my face go red, I could have at any point used our safe word or clicked my fingers and it would have stopped, but after getting over the shock I thought why not. 
They both fucked me very slowly at first then started to get faster and faster the butt plug in my ass was moving up and down with every thrust the whole thing was pushing me over the edge.
Then this feeling started to build up in me it was the onset of a massive orgasm and then it hit me like a train and I was shaking and shaking but they fucked me through it even faster, the orgasm just went on and on.
I could feel my Master was near to exploding so I sucked ever harder and then he let it go down my throat in waves I tried to swallow it all but couldn&#8217;t I was still in the middle of my orgasm, the guy from behind was still fucking me hard.
My Master let go of my pony tail and my head went down without his cock and I was catching my breath for a second, when my pony tail was grabbed and my head lifted up and another cock was pushed in my mouth, shorter than my Masters put thicker and he started fucking my face fast ( at this point I thought just how many guests had my master invited )
 The guy behind me started to cum and within seconds he was replaced and again I was being fucked at both ends. The guy behind started to push the butt plug in and out at the same time as fucking me and that sent me over the edge again. I couldn&#8217;t have wanted for more pleasure I was just bathing in one long orgasm.
The guy behind didn&#8217;t last as long as the first guy and was replaced, the guy that replaced him fucked like a rabbit very fast and hard. The guy face fucking me soon shot his massive load down my throat and he pulled out and another cock pushed in my mouth and started to fuck me slowly.
The guy behind me was pushing the butt plug in and out of my ass very fast but when he exploded into me he pulled out he took the butt plug with him. Again in seconds he was replaced but this guy was massive and I was glad he didn&#8217;t go first. 
I tried to turn my head when he pushed in because he really stretched me but the guy holding my pony tail soon pulled me back and pushed his cock even deeper. I thought he&#8217;s going to split me in two and I was screaming with pleasure on the cock in my mouth. But he pushed it in steady and started to fuck me slowly and within 6 or 7 strokes I was ok but he went deeper than anyone had before and I loved it.
Then the guy that was face fucking me pulled out without coming and the monster that was behind me pulled out and I was left there wanting more.
I was left there for a while don&#8217;t know just how long, but my mind was in over drive thinking what was in store next.
Then I felt the crack of a whip on my bottom and again and again and they won&#8217;t holding back, I very nearly shouted out but I remembered no talking because I didn&#8217;t want it to stop.
The strokes of the whip got a bit lighter and I could feel a heat building up again inside me and before long I was coming again just from the whip ( never done that before )
Then someone grabbed my pony tail lifted my head up and pushed into my mouth and started fucking me, I was waiting for someone to get behind me and start fucking me but no one did.
After 30 or 40 seconds another cock replaced the one in my mouth and again 30 40 second yet another and another they played tag team with me for 15 minutes or so. Don&#8217;t know if I had the same cock twice but I must have done, the monster I could only just get the head in my mouth at full stretch
Then as quick as it had started it stopped and several hands on my head lifting it up and I thought I was in for another face fucking with several people holding my head in place.
But I was wrong someone pushed my mouth wide open and then pushed a ball gag in, it was massive and filled my mouth (not one of ours) they pushed it all the way in behind my teeth and buckled it up tight my mouth was at full stretch.
Then hand slaps on my bottom started not to hard this time but lots of them and I felt that feeling building up in me again and I started shaking again knowing that my orgasm was coming.
Just as I started coming the first cock pushed in my pussy started to fuck me hard with big hard strokes and I started an orgasm like I&#8217;ve never had from my toes to every hair on my head was on fire. He fucked me for a minute or so then he was replaced and again he was replaced in turn (they tag teaming me for ages) and I was just having one orgasm after another and screaming in the gag.
It stopped for a couple of seconds then I could feel several pairs of hands on my ass pulling it apart the monster then pushed his massive cock into my ass. I thought I couldn&#8217;t take that he&#8217;d greased it up and just kept on pushing in slowly my ass was burning and I was screaming into the gag
I was thinking of trying to say the safe word, but this was all my fantasies coming true. He started to pull it out a little and then back in very slowly and the burning feeling started to go, each time he went in a little deeper and my ass started to like what it was getting and started to love it. 
He must have put some more lube on it because it started to feel good by this time and I just wanted all of him, He then started to fuck me for all he was worth and grabbed my pony tail and pulled on it.
I didn&#8217;t think I could be fucked like that and have such pleasure, he then went up a gear the orgasms just got bigger and bigger he went in even deeper and harder then I think must have passed out don&#8217;t think I could handle anymore.
The next thing I remember is waking up naked in bed 

I don&#8217;t think the session lasted the 3 hours as in the contract
But I can say that a lot of my fantasies I have now done.
My Master told me the day after lots of pictures and video&#8217;s were taken that night, but he won&#8217;t show me any of them yet.
 
I still don&#8217;t know how many guys were there he won&#8217;t say but, I loved every minute and I would love it if my Master can arrange another session




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tracy Dee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





