BDSM Library - Morning Call




Morning Call
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Young couple's morning endevours






Morning Call&nbsp; by slavegirl

The bed felt warm. Oh so comfortable with the soft, satin comforter draped over slavegirl's body even though the tight chain around slavegirl's waist always pinched. The chain was tight, the chain was constant, the chain was her on-going reminder of the intense sexual submission she entrusted to he who owned her.

Master pulled slavegirl's collar. "Time to get up," he said.

slavegirl twisted while moaning with pleasure. She didn't have to look at the clock to know the time: 6:00 AM. slavegirl's early morning call allowed Master time to torment slavegirl before going to work.

slavegirl rolled out of bed. Master's motorcycle boots moved with authority on the wood floor. slavegirl loved that sound. Watching Master's butt move against the tight pants of his uniform, slavegirl followed Master to his chair beside the assortment of chains hanging from hooks on the back of the bedroom door. Master selected the pussy chain, a combination that formed what could best be called a tense steel thong. slavegirl stepped forward and shivered as Master connected one cold chain around her waist and pulled the other length tight through her pussy to form a V just below the always-present waist chain. Satisfied with the placement of the polished stainless steel links tight against slavegirl's clit, Master clutched slavegirl's collar and led her to the morning torment. Hearing Master's boots walk to the varnished redwood beam in the entryway thrilled slavegirl.

A Carabineer hung from a red rope on the left and to another on the right. Master placed blue leather cuffs on slavegirl's wrists, attached them to one of the Carabineers which then stretched her arms up taught above her. He attached the Carabineer from the other side of the entryway beams to the chain running through slavegirl's pussy before tightening it and pulling her butt up so she stood on tiptoes. Master stood back to admire the knotted muscles and hanging breasts with erect nipples. Just breathing pinched slavegirl's clit, sending sparks of excitement straight back into her always-ready love button. Flash, flash, and flash again. The camera went off multiple times before Master returned to slavegirl to tighten the crotch chain even more. The strain was intense, she arched her back, her toes struggled to stay in contact with the tile floor.

"Ready to take a ride?" Master asked as he let his badge drag against slavegirl's arm.

"Yes sir," slavegirl responded, anxious hesitant and expectant tension flooded through her. The anticipation was her own personal panacea of the sexual excitement to come.

The hum of the vibrator sounded in slavegirl's ear seconds before trembling against the pussy chain directly above her clit. The surge of one tremor built on the wave of the next until the pulsating unevenness sent spasm after spasm, like ocean waves of building climaxes surging through slavegirl's thighs and abdomen. The tension and pain of the chains against slavegirl's skin escaped her mind as the sexual rush overwhelmed her body. The pins and needles in her hands ceased to exist.

Master added to the experience by pinching slavegirl's nipples.

she threw back her head to better feel the erotic electricity shooting down her spine and centering itself again at her clit. With her eyes closed, the ride took slavegirl over twisting mountain passes, around a glistening lake, past a meadow of buttercups in full bloom, to the edge of a steep cliff. Then, just as quickly as the ride had started, it ended.

slavegirl hung limp... exhausted... drained... and so pleasantly satisfied.

Master slowly released the ropes.

Master carried her back to bed. He covered slavegirl's slowly undulating body with the satin comforter. His gentle lips placed kisses down slavegirl's neck.

"You sexy little thing," he whispered.

Slavegirl listened as Master's boots carried him away from her. She smiled with the knowledge he would return to her with even more devious ideas for tormenting her.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   slavegirl1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





