BDSM Library -  a bitch's fall 




 a bitch's fall 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Megan considers herself the epitome of morality, and believes everyone should emulate her, When her geek crush disagrees, consequences and developments lead megan down the road of retribution






fate of a prude (provi title)

Once upon a time,&nbsp; there was a woman called Megan. Was?&nbsp; Well she's not so much a woman as a cock serving harlot now.&nbsp; and this story is about how man-kind made her realize her true calling.

This Megan, as she was called back then,&nbsp; had two special qualities. one was her comparatively good figure and a brain to match.&nbsp; now most men prefer a girl with a mix of brains and boobs, and for many, Megan was just that. A natural brunette, she was of medium build and had a "beautiful " face. one that was equally fit for kissing and cumming. to this she added a nice rack and ass. And she was the class/batch/university topper, the favorite of the professors.

Problem was, she had another quality, one which made the church mothers happy and the local guys as pissed as can be. she was a prude, and paraded her views on feminity, morality and other stuff like a parade. She dressed like secretaries in 60s, refuesed to party or hang out at any of the 'loose' places,&nbsp; which for her included discos, bars and the like. And she made it a point to snub any male who dared to treat her as a girl and not a stuck up bitch.

This by itself would have been fine, each district having one such antiquated specimen of warped morality.&nbsp; but she behaved like the country's moral standards rested on her shoulders. She had her Feminist Society ( bitch brigade to boys) that patrolled the college for kissing or any incorrect activity. she tried to block two boys from getting into honours society because they fucked their women before getting married! she failed though, and the guys made it a point to smooch whenever she was in the neighborhood. but her real fate lay in the future,&nbsp; in the hands of a geek called Steven.

She had first met Steven (or stewie to friends ) at a gathering of economists at the college auditorium. She became impressed by his presentation on GNP, and soon became friends. so steve became the first male to go to her house.

Sadly, Stewie had little experience with women, and megan even lesser with men. So our hero made the mistake of trying to get close with her parents in the vicinity. bitch protocol kicked in, and megan was soon giving him a lecture on proper behavior in front of her parents. Stewie cut a hasty retreat.

So Megan was surprised to learn a week later that stewie had invited her to a date, especially after she had made his visit a case study in the annual bitch brigade lectures. She figured he had learnt his lesson after all. Stewie indeed had learnt his lesson, one that megan sorely needed.

Megan decided to dress ultra conservative for the date, which would involve a drive and a dinner. She wore stockings for good measure, reminding stewie of his mother when he saw her. just as well, he thought. they drove to a secluded spot on the edge of town,&nbsp; where the road led to the hills and one got a good view of the town below. but megan was soon harangueing him on post modern feminism, so he decided to make his move.

quietly,&nbsp; he opened a bottle of whisky. megan stared at him, and told him she did not drink. he nevertheless poured out two measures, emptying half the bottle. he was soon taking sips, as she went on. Megan tried to ignore him as he drank. 

But soon her inhibitions were slipping away. It was only stewie, she could handle any consequences. So she started sipping the bitter liquid. Stewie saw her drinking and smiled. it was now or never. taking her almost empty glass, he poured out another generous measure, adding a little white powder as she looked the other way.

Megan resumed her drinking, feeling proud and worried at having so much for the first time in her life. so when she started feeling drowsy, she blamed it on the alcohol. 

Stewie watched as her speech got more and more incoherent. He intentionally poured his own half filled glass into hers with more powder thrown in.&nbsp; As she sipped the bitter intoxicant. he quietly slipped away .

When Megan finished her now incoherent sermon on women's lib, she found her head spinning. she sat down on the car's hood, realizing for the first time that stewie was gone. he had taken the car keys, meaning she was stuck till he returned. she lay down on the hood, her head lolling from side to side.

presently, she saw a figure emerge from the trees. it wasn't stewie. in her normal state, she would have recognised mark,&nbsp; captain of the basketball team and a hulk to boot. he seemed to be coming straight at her. she tried to get up, only to fall off the hood. the hulk stopped in front of her, and she saw him smile. 

part of her brain told her this wasn't good, but her body refused to respond. she saw him reach out for her face, feeling her hair being pulled. she was raised by her mane to the hood. she now recognized him. but could only mumble. 

she felt herself being spread out on the hood, her legs open and dangling from it, and her hands pinned by his to the sides. she made a desperate attempt to get up, but one hand went to her throat and pushed her down again. he now put one elboe firmly on her tummy, keeping her down as he fished in his jeans for something. 

megan by now had no doubt about his intentions.&nbsp; bitch brigade specialized in sensitizing women on possible ways to get out of such situations. problem was, her judo karate and all the other self defence moves seemed to have deserted her. her limbs lay listlessly by her sides, and the elbow felt like a dumbell on her stomach adding to the feeling of helplessness that was gradually seeping into her self confident mind. 

but worse was to come. he fished out a strange ring like device with straps, which she faintly recalled seeing in one of the bondage mags she had confiscated from a nerdy guy. she had never figured out why it was applied to a girl's mouth to keep it open. almost as if mark had read her thoughts,&nbsp; he pinched her nose to open hef mouth and easily placed the device in her mouth, securing it behind her neck.

the ring,&nbsp; placed in her mouth, made her drool, while keeping her mouth open. it also meant she could not protest as her tongue could hardly reach her teeth to speak. although she had still no idea what it was for, this unnatural opening made her feel more vulnerable, in an obscene way. she realized he could do whatever he wanted, and the horror of the possibilities brought tears to her eyes.

mark saw megan spread nicely. he wanted to strip her naked and take her then and there, but decided to honour the deal. he grabbed megan by her waist and pulled her down. she collapsed on her knees, but was prevented from falling forward by mark's sturdy legs. megan now had a view of a bulge in his pants, which even she knew was his imprisoned dick. 

suddenly she felt him grab her by her hair and push her forward till her face was lined along his pants, her drool looking like precum on his crotch. Megan's naturally feminist mind reminded her that many girls took vows not to bow before a man and have him pull them by their hair. she had been proud of such upright girls. now as her mouth rubbed against coarse jeans, such girls seemed to belong to another world. but mark had more ideas. he quickly pulled down the zipper of his pants, pulling out a 9" black boner from its confines. 

Megan had seen dicks before, in toilets where couples went for quickies,&nbsp; in porn mags. she had always tried to ignore them as sinful unless it be of the husband,&nbsp; and then too only when the wife wanted to make love. for her, sex could only be in the vagina, the place marked by creation for carnal union.mark , however, had no such thoughts.&nbsp; seeing megan reminded him of a freshman he'd "initiated " to college. she'd been stuck up too,&nbsp; but 4 hours of therapy had done it's job. sadly she got pregnant and left, she'd have made a great team fuck. not that the present bitch wouldn't. but she had to be trained first.

when Megan saw his hairy black boner approach her, her training kicked in. she thought up 15 different religious and social points to counter the abominable action. all that erupted from her mouth was "maaaaa" mark laughed as his fuckoy drooled more. knowing there was enough lubrication he began pushing in. Megan found her protests illegible to even herself as the dick steadily neared her. it hit her lips and began pushing in. at that moment Megan realized - her most potent weapon, her moral spitting mouth, was ni more. it had become a facial vagina for a man's use. as the dick began to push deeper, she began to cry.

mark now grabbed a handful of brown hair and began to adjust her mouth to his dick. doing so, he began pushing inti her throat. it made Megan gag, which only made mark push more enjoying the tightness. just as megan thought she would burst, he pulled out. megan saw his dick pull out coated In her saliva. but only to push in again and deeper. this time her face was pushed into his crotch, as mark enjoyed the sight of her brown hair mingling with his twisted black dickhair. and so it went on, Megan's head bobbing in and out on his pole as he used her head as a dickhole. he picked up speed, giving her less and less time to adjust, and she guessed he was somehow getting off on her. having always confined herself to the bare minimum needed to preach abstinence and chastity, she had no idea about blowjobs and face fucking. she now wished she had, it would have atleast told her what lay in store for her. 

mark was by now close to cumming. he loved the hot mouth,&nbsp; with the tongue involuntarily making way for his invasive cock. when he could hold it no more, he pullex out, and placed it on her nose, between her eyes. he began squirting. the first globs landed on her eyes, coating them and making her blink furiously. the next few landed on her forehead and cheeks, some getting entangled in her hair where it fell over her face. the final few went into her mouth, giving her the first taste of manmilk. some of it trickled down to her blouse, wetting it. 

stewie watched all this from a distance. his plan was getting along perfectly. there she knelt, her head in mark's hands, her body jerking to his strokes. perfect for a stuck up bitch. stewie had gotten hold of the supplies needed, including vodka. he decided to join the party.

mark finally pulled out, and moved back a few paces, clicking pictures on his camera. she just knelt there,&nbsp; drooling like a pig,&nbsp; knowing there was no help around and her body was still drugged. she saw stewie approach and her hopes rose. she began mumbling desperately for his attention. he seemed headed for her, but mark made no effort to stop him. strange,&nbsp; she thought,&nbsp; but she remained sure that her date would rescue her. he reached her, but did nothing. she looked up hopefully,&nbsp; trying her best to look as prudish as a mouth ring and a cumbath allowed her.

he looked down, and then kicked her in the stomach, making her roll over sideways. she couldn't believe this. steven, the shy polite boy, the good guy, had kicked her. how wrong could she have been? shock gave way to despair as he began to drag her up by her hair, just like mark.

getting her in a sitting position,&nbsp; he leaned close to her and grinned. he could see the horror and helplessness in her eyes, he enjoyed it. he suddenly grabbed her breasts, squeezing them as Megan closed her eyes in humiliation. she had always known that boys found her tits sexy, with the 34C cup that was just perfect for her figure. but any compliment had been brutally punished,&nbsp; for she taught that tits were an area meant for babies, not lustful men. now to have her breasts aqueezed so cooly, and without the slightest apology or fear, made her feel thoroughly degraded. to add insult to injury, he began calling her names every time he squashed her mams. bitch, slut, fucktoy, cunt, trash whore, names she abhorred all her life. he mixed this with slaps which stung as much as the pain in her boobs. 

stewie now fished out a pair of scissors. pulling the cloth away from her tit, he cut it away, leaving her with a gaping hole through which her virgin white bra shone out. he copied it on the other tit. he then pulled down the cups,&nbsp; exposing her fat glands to the touch of a man. Megan had sworn that only one man would ever touch her there. now steiwe had made her chest into an obscene display, like a trash whore desperate for a fuck. he now lowered his mouth to her pert boobs, taking in the supple flesh in his hungry mouth, like an overgrown baby. he sucked long on the breasts, flicking his tongue on her rubber like nipples, as she looked on helplessly at the head at her breast. 

he eventually pulled out, commenting on how he would milk his coffee from her tits once he got her pregnant. mark, to add to her humiliation,&nbsp; didn't bother to check out her tits, calling them udders fit for a milch cow. but stewie showed his appreciation by scribbling "tits" on her breasts. 

the duo now concentrated on her thighs. stewie noted that such clothing would just not do on a slut. so he got rid of it, by shredding it. her panties were likewise disposed. her cunt was rapidly losing the protection she considered the birthright of every woman. worse, it cleared her mind of any doubt that she would be raped.

Mark and stewie were, in fact, planning in advance. They knew time was running out on them, especially as Mark had practice. So should they keep the cunt for later or do enough damage to ensure she wouldn't blab when set free ? Mark wasn't too impressed by Megan,&nbsp; but stewie would not stop, not when his days of planning were finally bearing fruit. Taking the initiative, he grabbed Megan's knees and pulled them apart. 

What he saw wasn't quite pornstar quality, the said pussy being hairy with barely a slit visible. Nevertheless he probed at it, much to Megan's shame, as she began unwillngly responding to his fingers. Stewie soon found his fingers getting wet from the assault, knowing from porno vids that miss iceberg was melting. 

He eventually slid a finger inside, enjoying the walls slick with juice. Then two fingers, and so on till his five fingers were pushing into her womb. Stewie now made a fist and pushed in. He didn't get very far, hitting a wall of sorts. 

From stewies quizzical expression, mark knew megan had maidenhead. And so a tight puss. Giving a sly smile,&nbsp; he headed over and began roughly mauling her tits, pulling the sacks up till they dragged megan up , and then releasing them,&nbsp; making her fall down panting. He suggested to stewie to get on with the fuck. He didnt have all day for such average cunt.

Megan, although in shock from the assault, was stung by the insult. She was a conservative no doubt , but she wasn't unattractive. Hell, she remebered the time she had defiantly returned home in a bikini from the mall. Her dad had refused to let her in, but&nbsp; the local&nbsp; boys had shown plenty of appreciation. If she had been that type, she would have given cheerleaders a run for their money. She was no average....

Megan's ego nursing came to an abrupt end as she felt a rod at her entrance.&nbsp; From a feminine instinct predating feminism by ten millenia, she knew she was going to be mated. But her feminist psyche made the experience ten times worse: the look in those eyes made it ten times better for stewie,who wanted to use Megan,&nbsp; and teach her that that was all she was for- to be used.

His dick had been hard for ages it seemed, and now it began it's inward journey, pushing past her lips into her fertile core. He had forgotten to wear a condom, and mark had slyly refused to remind him - a pregnant slut was that much more enjoyable. 

Stewie reached thr hymen, knowing that it was meant to be ripped apart, a sort of inauguration every woman went through. So, savouring the warmth of his date on his cock, he began to push. He saw megan bite her lip in pain, and increased the pressure. Mark saw this,&nbsp; and pinched both nipples just as her hymen tore, eliciting a high pitched moan from the deflowered girl. 

Stewie now pushed in all the way, parting her walls as he headed for her cervix. He soon had the dick upto his balls in her cunt, enjoying the squeeze which her cunt involuntarily gave him. He looked deep into Megan's tearful eyes, the sadness of losing her Virginity before marriage flowing down her cheeks with the dried cum. Intentionally, he grabbed her boobs, twisted her nipples to breaking point, and pulled her up to a sitting position by her tits. Mark had wisely undone the bonds on her hands, knowing that the bitch was broken by now. 

Megan was forced to face her rapist, her face inches from his as she finally felt the brutal pain in her tits ease. She saw him smile as he spread the tear drenched cum on her face with his finger. He enjoyed this particular degradation, knowing she hated being touched on the face. He put his hand in her mouth,&nbsp; pulling at her tongue as she salivated.

Stewie now gradually pulled out, his blood stained dick proof of her lost virginity. He rubbed his hand over it, taking the blood as much as possible.&nbsp; He then raised his bloody hand to her face, enjoying the pained look in her face. He then pushed it into her mouth, making her taste her own maidenhead. As she began licking on it, he began pusing in and out of her hole,&nbsp; brutally thrusting to increase the pain. With his free hand,&nbsp; he gave megan a merciless tit torture,&nbsp; mashing them like dough. He enjoyed the heavy titty, which made it easier to use as a handle for his thrusts. Pulling out the other hand, he grabbed her waist to maximize penetration,&nbsp; and pain. 

Megan s mind was by now losing track of the humiliations heaped upon her. She knew she was being used, brutally, and could not escape. She closed her eyes and endured it best as she could. Stewie saw her closed eyes and passive body, briefly wondering if something was wrong. Mark reassured him by landing two hard slaps on her ass, making her blink in fear. Stewie was by now nearing orgasm, and mark decided to make it better. He grabbed the tits by the nipples, and pinched them just as stewie was building up. It caused her cunt muscles to tighten, and stewie couldn't hold it any longer. He came, flooding her cunt with boy cream as she seemed to milk every drop with her tightness.

Megan felt warm cum flood her genitals. She was in between two periods,&nbsp; and was terrified at having a baby with steve. In her alternate reality, she still thought stewie would marry her. She was dead wrong. 

Mark now replaced stewie. And pushed in like a pro. For Megan it was agony. Mark was huge, and double stewie s thickness. He spent no time in niceties, ramming her from the word go. Megan soon felt her cunt walls getting sore from the brutality,&nbsp; her poor vagina refusing her the pleasure to counter the pain. Also, he treated her like road trash, using her because she lay there and he could, not by any attractions for her or her body. Stewie made up for the time by pulling out his belt.

Taking it with buckle dangling,&nbsp; he brought it down hard on Megan's chest, enjoying the way her booby bounced. He made her hold up the tits, so it was easier to whip, as she bounced like a trash whore with a cock to her pussy and whip to her slit. Soon, her tits were even more raw than her pussy, and she began to howl like a baby. A few hard slaps shut her up Again,&nbsp; but the torture went on. 

Eventually, mark came, adding potent sperm to the abused hole. His cock slid out like a dildo, her cunt wide open by now.

The duo now undid her remaining bonds, but attached nippy clamps to her tits. A chain joined them, turning it into a leash. She was shoved into a skintight latex miniskirt, the antithesis of her dress sense. So decked, she was tied to the back,&nbsp; her legs dangling out from the open hatch in the back. The duo got in, and headed back to town. It was time to introduce miss prude, in her slut avatar, to the world......

(To be continued ).......










The car rolled down the hill towards the 

town, Megan desperately hoping the 

streets would be empty, and no signals 

would stop them. The grove rape had beem 

bad enough, a public disgrace was 

unthinkable. Especially when tied like a 

toy hanging from rear of a car.

Her 

hopes were soon belied. As the road 

joined the main highway into town, megan 

saw cars and bikes behind. Eventually a 

biker saw her, and stared. He pointed to 

his buddy, and burst out laughing. 

Normally, no one dared laugh at her. Now 

she just cried as they drove closer for a 

better view. They were now just behind 

the car, close enough to squeeze her 

exposed titties. And he did just that, 

holding on to them as the two vehicles 

almost collided. The pulling away was 

especially painful, the guy holding on to 

her mammary till it was almost ripping. 

But the real pain for megan was the Guy's 

expression. No concern, not even shock, 

just glee and lust. The guy even spit at 

her as he left. As the spit trailed down 

her nose, she realized that she had gone 

out a free woman, she was returning a 

slut whore.

Megan had hoped to be driven 

to either of their places or somewhere 

obscure. After all, didn't they too have 

some shame, dragging a helpless woman 

around?

As it turned out, they drove 

right to her place. Megan knew the "good" 

parts like the back of her tied hand. 

Terrified at her father finding out, she 

began to squirm, but to no avail. 

Strangely, no one was around. At the 

community hall, she figured.

Her respite 

didn't last long, she being untied and 

dragged to the door. It being already 

dark, she hoped nobody saw her degraded 

condition. Again, they didn't ring the 

bell. Instead, they put her on a dog 

leash and tied her to the post beside the 

door. Then they rang the bell, and 

immediately drove off.

Megan's heart 

was,hammering as,she saw a shadow 

approach under the door. What would her 

folks say? Hadn't she been their epitome 

of morality, more holy than the saint's 

statues? Wasn't her word the rule of the 

house on all matters sexual? And hadn't 

she reprimanded her brother a zillion 

times for watching bikini babes? What 

would they think? She shuddered as her 

knees grew weak from the kneeling on the 

welcome mat.

Her brother John, infact, 

was the only one in the house. His prude 

sister being late, he was going through a 

porn mag that he had successfully saved 

from the SS onslaught. Hearing the bell, 

he quickly shelved the other plans, hid 

the mag, and headed to the door. 

John 

stood at 6'4, and was used to looking 

down on his bitch sister. But he saw 

noone when he stared out. He was,about to 

close the door, when his peripheral 

vision caught a wisp of brown hair. He 

looked down.

Megan could not bear to see 

her brother stare at her, at her slutty 

clothes, at her exposed mams. She 

couldn't bear to look up at him. For 

once, the expression of shock and 

surprise she expected was painted on his 

face, as he beheld his sister on the mat. 

On her face was scribbled, "GIFT FROM THE 

GANG. ENJOY"

John quickly took her in, 

lest some prying eyes find them. Once the 

door closed, megan relaxed a little. 

They were inside now, just her and her 

brother. He could be handled, like she 

had done the past 14years.

She was 

wrong. The shocked look changed to one of 

curiosity not concern, and Megan's 

quickly prepared explanation became 

superfluous as he made no effort to ungag 

her. Instead, he ran a finger down her 

face, noting the dried cum on it.

John 

had first been shocked. To think of miss 

feminist kneeling half naked was 

impossible. But it was true. As he 

touched her face to ensure he wasn't 

dreaming, he noted the cum. Soiled, but 

still fresh, he thought. His first 

instinct was to untie her and make things 

"normal", but new, and strange thoughts 

flooded his mind as he beheld his nude 

sister.

Hadn't she made him apologize 

for kissing a girl behind canteen? And 

didn't she spread the rumour that he was 

a,moron? Wasn't she the reason his 

college gang had to stay away from the 

girls' dorms? Bitch! 

Megan saw his 

expression change. He was becoming 

agitated, but why? She liked to think 

she was the reason, her assault making 

him angry. She was the reason, as she 

found out when he abruptly slapped her 

teary face.

The first slap had been 

instinctive, the next four vengeful, the 

last ten sadistic. Her face looked so 

much better, the red cheeks looking like 

overdose of blusher. He suddenly grabbed 

her hair, and dragged her with it up the 

stairs to her room.

It was locked, so 

she was made to unlock it, John keeping a 

stranglehold om her neck. She was then 

pushed roughly into her spick and span 

room, landing on her bitch brigade 

bag. 
As the pain subsided, megan 

realized what had just happened. Her 

brother, instead of freeing her, had 

dragged her by her hair. Her hair! Which 

was out of bounds even for girls. She 

knew 18th century women were often 

dragged by their hair, but her. President 

of Women's Society? She wanted to drown 

in her cum drenched tears.

John used 

this time to note how sexy her ass was. 

Forever encased in loose skirts, they now 

stuck out in full glory at his feet. He 

did the logical thing, landing five kicks 

on her backside. He wanted to kick her 

out of her senses. To break every bone 

for the hell she had made for him. But as 

they say, women have better uses.

Megan,,desperate to escape the thrashes, 

tried to crawl to the bed, hoping to get 

up, even if her hands were tied. This 

had the effect of knocking her bag over, 

spilling her bitch brigade batch and 

sash. John's mind changed track again.

Pushing megan aside, he grabbed the 

objects, and inspected them. Grabbing 

megan again, he pushed her onto the bed. 

Climbing onto her, he sat on her 

abdomen, thus making movement impossible. 

Taking the badge, he carefully took the 

pin near her nipple. It was hard from 

fear. He looked at megan, saw the fear 

and desperation as she realized her 

predicament, and went for it. The nipple 

resisted a bit, but as megan began 

thrashing on the bed, it went through, 

emerging on the other side,,her soft nub 

impaled on steel. He now attached the 

pin, affixing the badge to her exposed 

titty. 

Megan knew what was going on, 

only she didn't know it was her most 

precious possession now hanging from her 

tit like a xmas star. She was soon 

dragged in front of her queen size 

mirror, her nipple aching like hot iron 

pushed through her chest.

The sight 

brought fresh tears. There she stood, her 

talisman atrached to her breast, 

obscenely advertising her utter 

helplessness. She'd not even allow fellow 

bitches to use it, today it was being 

used on her, like Jewellery. Worse, her 

brother stood behind her, crowning her 

with the cap. To her it waz crowning 

shame, a reversal of her revered status 

as head of bitch brigade. Megan broke 

into fresh tears.

For once, brother and 

sister thought alike. Only John was 

cherishing the feeling, loving every tear 

that paid for his years of denial. He 

clicked a few pics, taking care to make 

Megan pose, which she strangely complied 

with, doll like.He pulled the badge 

slightly, making megan yowl in pain as 

her tit stretched. CLICK! He pusjed both 

of her hands under her boobs, raising 

them. CLICK! He made her stand like the 

day she took the oath for bitch headship. 

CLICK! worse, she was made to say the 

same lines as her brother filmed her. She 

collapsed on the floor crying. Wishing it 

would end, or she'd die. 

She looked up 

to find her brother's detested dick 

dancing before her, free of it's bonds 

and rearing to claim it's natal opposite. 

Megan shook her head. I'm her scheme, 

rape was to be avoided in practice, but 

incest in principle. A family sexual act 

was worse than holocaust, she had told 

the local Jewish seminary. Her holocaust 

was just beginning.

With the ease with 

which men had started using her since the 

evening, John forced Megan's mouth open 

by pulling on her hair. Her mind 

compared it to opening a bin by stepping 

on the lower pedal. Again, she felt a 

man's member push in. John wasn't a huge 

guy, something she often told girls not 

willing to buy her chastity crap. As his 

dick began intruding her throat, she knew 

she was dead wrong. 

Like deja vu, 

thoughts of the life that was were 

replaced by attempts to survive another 

rape session. John loved the way his 

darker hair mingled with his sister's 

mane, and he decided to deep throat his 

sis. Megan soon found herself choking on 

his cock, and was forced to try and 

breathe through her nose, taking in the 

aroma of dickhair as the price for 

oxygen. Her face was being bruised by 

coarse hair as her pulmonary plight 

worsened.

Then, to her surprise and 

relief, he pulled out, until only the tip 

remained between her lips. CLICK! Megan 

was made to look up, like a slut in a 

porno mag she'd confiscated from her 

brother. CLICK! Slut, she'd called the 

pornstar, now that silicone blonde seemed 

better off, atleast she retained her free 

will. Megan was infinitely worse, her 

mind told her, being raped by her 

brother. A sin, no less! 

As if to 

atone, her brother pulled out for a whole 

minute as he listened carefully. He then 

shoved it back and pushed in and out so 

fast as to make her dizzy. The hold on 

her hair was painful, the abrasions on 

her mouth more agonizing by the minute. 

When the world had finally gone fuzzy 

with a headache, Megan felt him squirt 

seed in her facial fuckhole. It was 

salty, warm and to her mind, no less 

than poison. John coolly made her 

swallow, and lick up his sticky flaccid 

dick. Once done, he ran downstairs, 

locking her in.

John had heard his 

parents return, and knew he had to come 

fast. He'd done that. Basking in the 

afterglow, he opened the door, taking his 

mother's groceries to the table. Once 

he'd answered the usual questions, he 

told them that Megan was in her room 

changing. He now excused himself, 

deciding to complete his plans before 

dinner.

He found megan was sitting as 

he'd left her, drooly cum dripping along 

her chin. For a momwnt he thought his 

rapid strokes had wrecked her mind, but a 

pathetic look assured him she was very 

much alive to her progressive 

degradation. Stage 2 began.

Megan was 

made to spread her firm and popular legs 

for her brother. He found a veritable 

mess, ut had already been used. Never 

mind, cunt was a long lasting resource. A 

summary cleanup later, John was pushing 

his 10" dick into the well abused hole of 

his prude sis. He was surprised how tight 

she was, enveloping him involuntarily in 

her warmth. What treasures she had, and 

so selfish about them too. She deserved 

to pay. 

His drool lubricated sperm rod 

soon hit her cervix, the gate to her 

womb. More pictures followed. He grabbed 

the badge, and used is as a handle to 

push in and out of a once proud woman, 

now a helpless hole. Megan by now knew 

the routine, her womanly instincts 

lubricating her for fertilization, for 

making babies. She was back in an age 

when babies justified a woman's 

existence, her whold life was geared to 

raising healthy children. It seemed women 

had only changed outside, their bodies 

still yearned to be fucked as much , to 

be seeded as much, to be used as much by 

the stronger sex, as they liked. Women's 

lib seemed a distant chimera to a cunt 

violated by her own brother

Worse, her 

mind was falling in it's spell. Rape was 

an ordeal, incest a sin, she should be 

hurting and crying. Instead, her body 

began ro rock in rythm, her breathing 

became rapid, and she felt a surge of 

blood to her private parts. Each thrust 

made her yearn for more, more of her 

lover, no matter who he was. Suddenly, 

she could hold it no more. A warm 

sensation passed through her body, as her 

mind blanked to enjoy the novel feeling 

coming from her groin. She moaned in 

pleasure, gripping her vaginal intruder 

tightly as she came. 

"Dirty slut. You 

came for your own brother. Jeez, what a 

nympho"

As if she cared. She was slowly 

returning to normal, no longer minding 

the pounding of her hole. She 

unconsciously reached up, grabbed him in 

a tight embrace as they made love. The 

feel of her hitherto hidden assets, and 

the knowledge that she had cum for him, 

took him over the edge. He poured his 

seed into his sister's slit. She was his, 

claimed and conquered.

If megan thought 

her lovemaking would last, she was wrong. 

She had begun to realize that her 

assailants' interests always came before 

hers, and her survival in fuckable shape 

was the only limits to their perverse 

fantasies. She was confirmed in her 

belief when John made her put on two 

nipple clamps under the tight sweater he 

chose for her. They stuck out obscenely, 

andcher mind was torn between pain and 

humiliation. An equally high pair of 

shorts complemented her top, and he cut 

out the crotch, giving enough wind to her 

cunt to make her shiver. Worse, she was 

still dripping cum, and kept her legs 

closed lest any should fall down. 

They 

quickly exited the house, she being made 

to give an alibi of a,walk. It was dark, 

and she hoped nobody would notice the 

bumps on her chest. She was again 

disappointed.

She met her classmate at 

the turning, and he tried to get away 

seeing her unhappy look. He had recently 

been made to apologize publicly for 

grabbing a feel of his gf in a girl's 

toilet. But John called him back. 

Emboldened by the confidence of a fellow 

victim, he came back. He was still 

scared, and John made his move. 

The guy 

not having seen the clamps (improvised 

cloth clips), he casually, reached out 

and squeezed a boob, commenting how heavy 

it was. Megan kept her hands to her side, 

as his hand stayed wrapped on her tit. 

John now raised her sweater to reveal her 

suffering sack of meat. 

The guy, called 

Ron, could hardly believe it. The bitch 

was being used. Even a cheerleader 

wouldnt agree to such a streetside 

squeeze. Which meant she was drugged or 

he was dreaming. Well, they said if you 

aren't sure if you're dreaming, pinch. 

He did, on her tit. Soon, her other jug 

was out and the two merrily abused the 

humiliated girl. 

Megan saw the two 

hands sticking from her chest, two sets 

of leering eyes, two dicks getting hard. 

A normal girl would have gotten used to, 

and not bothered to know the deatails of 

the new assailant. But her bitchified 

brain refused, reminding her that Ron was 

on the brigade blacklist, that he 

regularly "misbehaved" with girls, that 

she was next on his line of fresh 

cunt.

She was pushed to her knees, and 

Ron entered her. The routine began, 

except that cars passing could see her 

abuse. From the corner of her eye, she 

saw a carload of teens pass. They were 

almost gone, when one of them saw her 

through the marijuana haze. Soon, hoots 

and jeers were coming from the gang. One 

threw an empty beer can at her, which hit 

her head, increasing the pain. Eventually 

they picked up the courage to come 

nearer.

One of them reached down and 

attached a leash to her neck. Her brother 

said nothing just clicked away. Another 

took out a drug needle and pushed it into 

her tit, followed by more. To make 

matters worse, Eon came, squirting his 

stuff over her sweater and tits. 

The 

boys now formed a line, and Megan was 

soon feeling utterly exhausted from being 

headbanged on a dick. It looked bizarre 

as a line of dicks approached her like 

cans to a canning machine. Worse for her 

, the guys stuck pins in her boobs, 

turning her already pinstuffed boobs into 

veritable pincushions. Jizz was soon 

dripping down her face, turning her 

sweater into a cum-absorber. She'd 

counted 5 but the total was about 10.

What she didn't know was that the beat 

police had joined in, in exchange for 

"license" to use public property for sex. 

She found out only when a potbelly 

replaced a skinny frame, and a huge dick 

pushed in, making her gag inspite of her 

recent experience. He was also brutal, 

ramming his dick deep inside and holding 

it there till her lungs almost gave in. 

When he came, the semen covered her face, 

shutting her eyes and stuffing her nose. 

She guessed this was how a trash whore 

looked like. 
Some cum was washed away by 

the tears which flowed again.

Once they 

left, and she and her brother were alone 

again, she was made to take a round of 

the entire neighborhood. Luckily it was 

"earth hour" and lights were out.

But 

they soon saw Trish, arch enemy of the 

bitch brigade and head cheerleader, 

coming towards them. She too had a look 

of total disbelief when she saw her enemy 

walking so shamelessly. But she needed no 

encouragement. She grabbed the sticky pin 

covered tits, and slowly and painfully 

pulled out the pins. Once done, she went 

into her house, and returned with real 

nipple clamps, a thong and a torch.

The 

clamps were soon in place, and Trish 

added weights for good measure. The 

shorts were removed, and the thong was 

put in place. Trish reached down, and 

Megan felt the torch being stuffed in 

her, held in place by the thong. It was 

obly when she was pushed on all fours did 

logic dawn. The torch shone from her 

pussy, as trish sat down on her back, 

pressed her hells into Megan s kidneys 

and grabbed her hair in one hand, leash 

in the other.

So arrayed, megan began to 

crawl, as Trish bounced on her back, 

pulling the hair and occassionally 

squeezing a tit. She stuck two fingers in 

her mouth, and then sucked on them, 

saying "bitch flavour. Yum!" 

Megan 

wanted to die. Here was her arch rival, 

sitting like a horaerider, abusing her at 

will! She had taken every chance she got 

to denounce the cheerleaders' skimpy 

clothes, obscene dances, and loose 

"morality ". Now if anyone saw her, a 

slave, worse a mule to her mistress, ehat 

would they say? How could she face the 

bitch brigade again, when she was beimg 

used in ways even prostitutes weren't. 

She felt worthless, a piece of meat to be 

used wherever, whenever and anyhow, by 

whosoever wanted a fuck, or had been 

snubbed by her.

As she lugged the 

biggest female victim of her prudishness 

on her back, the biggest male victim 

walking along clicking pictures, she 

regretted, for the first of many times, 

being a bitch when she still had a chance 

.......

[To be continued ]











A bitch's fall episode c

The patch of light that marked Megan's path finally came to a halt near their 
house. Megan had been thinking what her parents would say if they saw,her in 
such attire. She had been made to return the first and last,bikini she'd ever 
bought as,her dad wouldn't let her in wearing that. Now that bikini seemed 
like a cocktail dress to her.

Trish meanwhile had been talking to her brother John, and both seemed to be 
sharing a joke. For some reason,&nbsp; megan didn't find that funny at all.

Eventually, Trish got off her,&nbsp; and megan heaved a,sigh of relief. The 
abominable torch was removed too. But before she could hope to return home 
more woman than meat, she felt a strange instrument enter her, which expanded 
inside with sharp ends. Looking back, she saw Trish had her hand deep 
in,Megan's gash. The hand came out, lubricated and shiny. Trish motioned to 
John, who began clicking pictures of her open slit. Then the cheerleader 
pushed a,smaller device inside, and then she was let up. Trish merely told 
her to hold the device in her cunt, which,&nbsp; because it was thin and small, 
wasn't a big deal.

John allowed her to look a little more respectable, before herding her along 
into the house. Once inside, she was,asked to go to her room. Megan 
desperately needed to pee,&nbsp; so she rushed to the toilet and quickly stripped 
of her ruined shorts. She figured the object was,some dildo,,so she,let it 
stay in. 

The moment she sat down, the golden fluid began to flow. And she almost 
fainted from shock. Everytime the liquid hit the device, which stuck out 
slightly, a,small shock passed through her body. The device was some devilish 
electric rod. But she,had to pee, and tried to pull the thing out. It gave 
her a double powerful shock, making her hand hit the basin. She howled in 
pain,&nbsp; as her pee flowed again, adding&nbsp; to the pain. So with a,throbbing hand 
and aching pussy, she finally came out, and collapsed on the floor. 
Unfortunately, her residual pee flowed out, touching the device and making 
her squeal. 

She heard footsteps. For the first time in her life, she wished it to be her 
brother, to pull the thing out. It was her mother. She asked if megan was ok. 
She,answered yes,,and quickly dressed in a long skirt and matching blouse for 
dinner.

The first part of dinner passed uneventfully. However, when her dad,asked her 
to bring in the apple pie, her brothers gaze told her to be careful. She 
carried the heavy bowl in, careful to maintain her balance.

This was a,task specifically given to her, for fear that her brother would 
drop it. As she neared the table, she saw,John with a small remote like 
object,&nbsp; which he,seemed to be adjusting. Just as she reached the table, 
and,was placing the pie between parents, her vagina stung like a bee. Megan 
lost her balance, pouring the pie over dad, and herself landing flat on the 
table. As her shocked parents braced for collision, another shock came. She 
was trying to get up, and fell across her mother's lap. Her pussy was wetting 
from the shocks, and left a big damp spot where her pussy landed. She finally 
managed to get up, surveying the devastated dinner with horror. Never in her 
entire life had she dropped anything. But never before was her pussy 
subjected to.....
A third shock followed. She had reached near her brother, and reached out for 
him to stop her fall. He had an evil grin as their faces came level and,then 
she went down, face to face with the remote as she lay on her brother s lap. 
She felt him cop a casual feel of her tits and check the dampness of her 
pussy, all under the table level. Then he gave her another shock, making her 
fall onto the floor at his feet.

John enjoyed seeing his sister lose her composure thus, and completed the 
humiliating debacle by putting his boot firmly on her white cotton clad tits, 
leaving a big boot mark. He pretended to hastily withdraw, letting her get 
up, and run away crying,&nbsp; a big blotch of wetness clearly visible for all in 
front of her skirt.

The family got up, their dessert destroyed by an ostensibly horny female with 
a balance problem. John went upstairs to check on his cunt. Trish had been 
bang on the buck. He started laughing inspite of himself. 

He found megan on the floor, her skirt now drenched with a mix of juice and 
piss,,as his bootmark showed like a logo against her white chest. 

Megan appeared to be shocked. Her quick mind had correctly guessed that it 
was her brother who had made a fool of her before their parents. She wondered 
what her parents would think of her now, her responsible image in tatters, 
and oh, the fall on her mother would surely have left a mark. What if they 
guessed it?&nbsp; Their upright conservative daughter ......

John realized that Megan was preoccupied. So he grabbed a handful of her hair 
and dragged her onto her bed. Seeing the long skirt, he made it a point to 
change her clothing as soon as possible. It just won't do for those creamy 
legs to be hidden away, not when they would be dripping cum all day anyway.

Carefully,&nbsp; he pulled out the object using rubber gloves, sniffing it for her 
musky scent. It would again be useful, but he needed a fuck. He now ordered 
Megan to strip off her conservative clothes, which she complied with. 
Anticipating the by now familiar routine of fuck, she even spread her legs, 
hoping to please her brother enough not to have that abomination in her cunt 
again, or have to serve as Trish s pony.

John had other plans. He knew Megan had by now accepted rape as a regular 
feature of her existence, and guessed that she feared the leak of her 
numerous pics. But it would be no fun if she didn't learn a lesson everytime 
she was raped. This particular lesson would involve pain.

Unknown to Megan, John had arrangex for trish to sneak into the house in the 
night. Now the vixen appeared at the window, and got down noiselessly. She 
had a,bag over her shoulders, which gave megan the deepest foreboding.

John and trish kissed, and megan could tell they were purposefully doing it. 
Back in high school, Megan had always been a,watchdog for her wayward 
brother. Her religious vigil meant guys half his size got the girls, while 
his otherwise good moves were foiled by her. A,kiss had been out of question, 
and she knew they would do a lot more than megan would have accepted of 
John's wife.

John saw Megan through Trish s hair, and kissed deeper. From now on their 
roles had reversed,&nbsp; he owned her, and she would endure everything she had 
tried to stop in her life. John thus moved further, openly caressing Trish s 
ass, as she pressed herself closer to him. He slipped his hands into her top, 
and undid her bra, slowly enough for megan to guess. He then raised her top, 
bra and all, making her topless. Strangely though, megan seemed to be more 
interested than ashamed now. 

Megan was experiencing what she would learn to call arousal. She had secretly 
wondered what the cheerleaders looked like inside, and now had a clear view 
of one. Trish had firm tits, slighlty larger and firmer than Megan's more 
modest tits. Infact Megan had always been thankful that her breasts were 
medium;hanging breasts made girls look like whores. Now for the first time, 
she felt envious of the girl, her breasts pressing into John's chest as she 
lay helpless and for the time, useless.

John decided to get a move on. Asking Trish for the tit press she had 
promised him, he got to work on his sister's boobs. Megan's tits were round 
grapefruit size and about a handful. John figured it'd be better for her to 
be tied up and gagged, to add to her misery.

So they pulled her up, and trish tied her hands over her head. This was 
attached to a hook meant for the fan in the ceiling. 

Her tits however stood out proudly, the nipples erect, the orbs defying 
gravity. John now applied the tit press to her chest, one for each boob. He 
attached them gently, so they held on without hurting her. Megan quickly 
realized what the contraption with twin steel plates with screws at each end 
was for.

She began pleadind with her eyes, as trish approached the bound girl. She 
raised her breast, and pulled megan s mouth to it. Soon, she was sucking the 
tasty tit. Trish saw how she was eagerly sucking it. So she reached down and 
gently notched up the tit crushers.&nbsp; 

Megan felt the clamps tighten, but she concentrated on sucking the boob. But 
trish didn't want megan enjoying, she wanted megan crying, humiliated, 
begging her ex foe for mercy. So this time, she brutally notched up the 
clamps, squashing the tits into elongated bubbles.

Megan felt the pain multiply, the clamps now really constricting blood flow, 
as her mouth was shifted to the other tit. Another notch, and her tits were 
starting to turn blue. The pain was excruciating but from the corner of her 
eye, she saw the screws were hardly halfway through.

She had started salivating, drooling on the titty as her focus shifted to the 
burning agony in her chest. Trish pulled away, till only&nbsp; saliva joined the 
dom and the slut. Laughing at Megan s pained expression and drooling mouth,&nbsp; 
trish twisted it more, causing megan to cry out. This only earned her Trish s 
smelly thongs and duct tape to keep it in, as trish stood facing her 
vanquished enemy. But the worst was to come.

Satisfied with the compression level, trish now took out a whip, and raised 
it to Megan s face. Megan saw the long leather lash, and started crying.&nbsp; She 
began licking the tears, her brutal face inches from Megan's,&nbsp; but she didn't 
kiss. She was a slave after all, she didn't deserve tenderness.&nbsp; And she got 
none.

The first lash came in a flurry of black, causing Megan to almost lose 
balance as it struck her half dead tits. Crack! Another one landed on her 
stomach, causing her to gasp. Trish now notched up the screws to 3/4 th 
level, making megan feel faint from the combined pain

Meanwhile, John had returned fron checking if their parents were asleep. He 
now locked the door and removed his clothes.&nbsp; Trish paused as he went behind 
the bound girl and pushed in, such that their bodies were in complete 
contact. 

Trish now resumed the whipping,&nbsp; making megan jerk on her brother s pole. For 
john, it was awesome. The sight of the lashes landing all over her body, 
coupled with the shudders and the pussy squeeze she gave everytime it hit, 
made sex an even more wonderful experience. 

Megan didn't know where to focus. The pain seemed to have spread all over her 
body. Her tits appeared ruined, purple baloons with brownish nipples. Her 
torso was crisscrossed by lashes, her hands felt numb. She wanted to die, or 
do anything to get out. Anything. Her mind brought up her vaunted values, and 
her pain shoved them out. She'd often claimed to prefer death to dishonor,&nbsp; 
now dishonor,&nbsp; even a life full of rape and humiliation looked better. She'd 
happily be a trash whore, a piss slut or any of the abominable things she'd 
always kept away. Sex the forbidden fruit, now seemed like heaven, rape an 
everyday affair. At that moment her will finally broke, and she relinquished 
any hope of ever being a free woman again.

But her two captors seemed rather oblivious. John had started fucking her 
faster, making her lurch forward just as the lash landed, hurting her even 
more. She wished she could enjoy the fuck atleast, considering that that was 
all she seemed destined for, but trish seemed intent on making her 
concentrate more on her pain than pleasure. So, she didnt even realize when 
her brother filled her hole, as the lashes were relentless, and by now were 
landing where earlier blows had already frayed the flesh. All she knew was 
that her brother had pulled out, and moved away, taking the lash from trish. 
For some reason, megan was filled with the hope that he atleast would realize 
her plight and let her off, atleast remove the painful restraints, which had 
by now made her breasts totally numb.

However, she had only known the brother whom she could control, whom she 
could force to be like her. The man before her wasnt her catholic ideal, he 
seemed to be totally unknown to her, for she had never dreamed that a woman 
could be punished the way she had been. Compared to her earlier rape, not 
only was this endless, but infinitely more painful , even surpassing the&nbsp; 
humiliation which should have welled in her heart at being used in such a way 
by her own brother. 

John, however, wasnt interested in what megan hoped or expected. All their 
lives she had got what she wanted, what she expected. Now it was&nbsp; his turn, 
and her wishes no longer mattered. He would do what he wanted, as&nbsp; long as he 
wanted, and with whom he wanted, the only condition being that the bitch be 
humiliated, degraded and hurt at every stage, till she forgot that she was 
anything but a piece of meat. And the process had just begun.

John moved behind her, checking out the shapely ass that had attracted many a 
man, to his own peril. Now it was throbbing as she shifted from one foot to 
another, desperately trying to ease the pain in her body and the numb weight 
on her chest. He fondled the globes, noting how tender her skin was, how 
responsive it was. All the better, given what he had in mind. A second later, 
the lash landed hard on the left cheek, making it bounce and megan jump.

Megan hadnt expected this. Wasnt any part of her poor body to be spared ? 
it seemed not, as another one landed on her ass, pushing her forward, into 
trish, who was now standing close to megan. Trish pulled out a marker, and 
marked two strokes on her face, for the two lashes. Then megan gave&nbsp; a 
muffled yelp, and another stroke appeared on her cheek. Four! Five! Trish 
crossed the earlier four with a broad stroke. Six! Seven! Trish shifted to 
the other cheek, making the same long strokes. Megan however, was more 
concerned with her ass, which she was sure was zigzagged with red lines , if 
her previously punished tummy was any indication. She was crying, but this 
time trish merely wiped them off, remarking that the ink needed time to 
settle; a proper record needed to be kept. 

John completed ten, and stepped back to admire his handiwork. Megans entire 
body appeared red and throbbing now, making her brother quite satisfied. He 
indicated to trish that he was done and Megan saw her nod. Trish now made&nbsp; 
megan close her eyes, and applied marker all over her eyelids, followed by a 
liberal coat on her lips. She completed&nbsp; the facial&nbsp; with the word WHORE on 
her forehead. Megan again hoped that she would be let off, but they merely 
headed&nbsp; to her luxurious bed and lay down. 

Megan watched silently as the two made love before her, her brother making 
love to her arch enemy, a girl she wouldnt have allowed in her house, let 
alone on her bed. And with her brother! Somehow, a part of her wished to feel 
his tender caresses and boob squeezes at that moment. Compared&nbsp; to what she 
was going through, incest was quite romantic. This only made her more ashamed 
of herself , as the last vestiges of her morality and righteousness began to 
dissolve with the tears that flowed down her decorated face, fell on her dead 
like tits, and dropped across her punished abdomen to where her brothers cum 
had seeped from her pussy, and collected between her legs. Shw had 
relinquished hope of being a free woman when the torture began, now she gave 
up the hope of even getting the attention given to whores, she didnt seem 
human, she was meat.
To be continued..













A bitchs fall episode D

If megan had hoped that she'd be let down once the lovemaking was over, she was wrong. Trish had, in half an hour, made her brother come thrice, and was now cleaning his dick with her tongue, rolling it on his dickhead as John lay back enjoying the best blowjob of his life. For a moment, this thought made megan forget her pain. Hadn't she given him atleast 3 blowjobs since her, err....Her mind failed to find a word for the shocking events of the day. But it told her that trish was the preferred one of the two females on offer.

Megan had refused to consider her possible sexual skills, preferring to believe that a man must make love as a duty not for pleasure, that a woman need only to have sex for procreation, no matter what the sex was like. Now, reduced to her brother and arch rivals plaything, her female mind instinctively deduced that she was inferior. And it made her both angry and jealous. She should be humiliated, she told herself, competing with a trash whore like trish for her own brother's sexual choice. But her estrogen filled body responded to instinct more than ideals, and she began to yearn for his cock, to prove her worth, as a whore.

John was oblivious to all this. Megan was actually correct, he did prefer trish. She was experienced, sexy and knew what it took to make a man happy. Basking in the afterglow of his third orgasm inside trish, he wondered if megan had ever learnt these essential lessons of any woman's life. Most likely not, given she kept herself insulated in a fake feminist world, where men's muscles were for lugging suitcases and pulling chairs. Chivalry, she called it. Only now she was learning a woman's true place in the world. 

Thinking thus, he reached for the whip, and casually flicked it across his sister's stomach. It bucked in shock, as her face contorted and a fresh teardrop escaped her salty eyelids. It was good to have a slut sister, and trish was an added bonus. He'd make full use of both from tommorow, but now he was exhausted. Training bitches was no mean task, and he'd done a commendable job. Satisfied,&nbsp; he drifted off.

Trish noticed that john was asleep. It was a pity, she'd wanted another go at megan. Trish was far more experienced in bdsm,having been both slave and dom, and knew that megan was approaching the limits of endurance. Plus,the tit press could permanently damage her mams, if blood supply was cut too long.so letting her down was a necessity. 

But trish made virtue of necessity, or rather sin, given that megan wasn't let off. At first megan thought was coming to punish her, and again was proved wrong. Trish undid the ropes, and removed the titpress, allowing megan to inspect her tortured glands. Before she could pity herself though, she was being dragged by het hair to the balcony adjoining John's room.

Without waking john, trish took a chair, and the poor girl into the fresh chilly air. Most people were asleep, and the next house was at a comfortable distance. Still, she threatened megan with the tit press if she screamed. 

 From the past catfghts conducted there, trish knew megan ran a virtual women's lib forum, along with other groups which made it a point to tag her in all their denunciations of falling virtue. She decided to make megan atone for all the pain those posts had caused.

First she made the exhausted girl lie facedown across her lap, such that her ass and lower back were on her lap and the rest hanging from either side. She also took John's camera and a box of pins. Megan, oblivious to jer sinister designs, prepared for the spanking such a position usually produced. It never came. Instead, she felt a moderate weight on her back, and a lighter one on her left ass, which completely baffled her.

Trish was using megan as a table for the laptop and pins. She powered it on and surfed to Facebook. She casually took ten pins and applied them gently on her captive s ass, such that they merely held on. Satisfied, she asked megan for her email and password.

Inspite of half hanging from trish s lap, megan wax conscious enough to realize that giving trish the password would involve further humiliation. She kept silent. Trish had expected this. She began to slowly push one of the pins deep into Megan's ass.
Still, megan made no attempt to speak, and a second pin went in. A small trickle of blood flowed down, as her ass increasingly became a pincushion. She could tell that Megan's resistance had fallen since the tit press had done it's magic on her willpower. She could always put it back but pins were more fun.

Megan felt the pain in her ass multiply, adding to the myriad pains already asserting themselves thanks to her odd position and previous trials of endurance. Her body could scarcely take more abuse, as a fourth pin went in, adding to the raw pain from the lashes earlier. Megan's will broke again. Inspite of herself,&nbsp; she blurted out the details.

Trish logged in as megan. But she made no attempt to remove the pins, instead checking if there were enough to add if the ten, four buried and six fixed lighlty, should need reinforcement. The page which opened revolted the girl. Post after post spoke of every possible feminist issue, to which her human table had made even sharper comments. 

But all this would change. She loaded the pics john had taken through the day from the camera. Choosing the most degrading, she put them up for upload, under the album title 'THE REAL ME'. Each photo was tagged with megan and one of her bitchy friends. She knew many of them were still awake, given that exams were nearing. She was soon proved right.

Comments expressing shock and outrage began pouring onto her wall, replacing the prudish posts. Trish relished it as she read out the comments to her captive. She heard megan sobbing, and went on. Few things in life were more fulfilling than having your ex enemy cry lying across your lap, as her reputation dissolves in her cum filled cam-shots. But better was to follow.

Megan was slowly drowning in the humiliation of having the whole world see her as a slut, when she heard her phone ring. She heard trish swear. As much as she was enjoying what she was doing, she had to ensure John slept. This truimph she would share with none.

So cursing, she put down the load from her lap, taking care that the laptop wasn't damaged, and Megan's ass was, she landing on her ass and pushing in the remainder of the pins. 

Megan knew she wouldn't be able to sit properly for a week, but would she be allowed to sit at all? The way they were treating her, salvation seemed as far as doomsday. The only real question was how much more her body could take. But her body seemed to have been captured by Trish in spirit as well. It refused to push her sideways, keeping her punctured ass under full pressure, which only increased her agony.

Trish returned with the phone. Megan recognized it to be her bitch brigade vice president caroline. As much a bitch as megan, she was Megan's best friend and co-conspirator in pulling down the cheerleaders. Trish made her answer the call.

'Hello'

'Hello! Megan? Your account's been hacked. Some sick bastard is uploading morphed pics of yours. I've reported it, but it's still there. Delete your account, it's ...it's horrible dear '

Megan couldn't agree more. Only the pics weren't morphed she wanted to say, but knew it would kill her last chance to appear normally the next day. But trish seemed to want exactly the opposite, mouthing what she thought, as she pointed to the phone. Megan desperately pretended not to understand. But trish guessed Megan's thoughts correctly. Taking a pin, she pushed it into Megan's still bruised tits, causing her to gasp. Then another. Poor megan saw a repetition of the ass torture if she didn't comply, and nodded.

Caroline was going on about ways to punish perverted hackers. Megan cut in

'Car...Caroline...the p...pics weren't morphs. They were real. I did those things, and had them clicked '

There was stunned silence on the other end

'Megan? What did you just say?&nbsp; Are you all right? Hello? '

'Yes I'm ok caroline. And you heard right. I did them. I'm a slut carol, a dirty cheap whore. And I love doing them. "

"Oh my....I can't believe you'd ever say something like this maggie. You of all people, you were my inspiration. How ....how could it be? '

Trish had been mouthing lines all along, making megan say them with a pin pressed ti her nipple. Megan was crying as she said them, feeling even more humiliated by the shock of her classmates voice. But the pin was digging in, trish s lips moving. She went on.

"It's a fact caroline. I realized it today. I discovered my inner self, the whore within. And I believe all prudes like us are actually whores, who need to be trained to be used, to learn their true station In society as fuckbags for the stronger, better sex."

She could hear light sobbing from the other end, each sob cutting her more than a hundred pins. Here she was being used like a second grade toy, while all she had stood for lay in ruins, her best friend shocked and crying at Megan's transformation into the very thing they had always hated. Megan wanted to sink into the ground.

The call ended, giving respite to the utterly humiliated girl, as her ex enemy gloated over her. More calls followed, some from her friends expressing shock, others from boys she had spurned, wanting to rub in her humiliation. Many thought it was a hacker, only to have megan correct them. She faltered often, leading to both nipples being pierced before the calls finally ended, the last caller demanding a blowjob and she agreeing with forced enthusiasm. 

"There there," said trish, as she saw the devastated look on her conquest s face. " don't cry now. It won't be nice if you wash away what I've written on your dirty face. After all how many whores get such free advertisement on their faces?&nbsp; Look on the bright side. You'll probably get more dick than you would have dreamed of. You always thought you could win didn't you? Well you were wrong and right. Wrong, coz your bitching was alwas gonna fail - boys want booty babe, not blabber. But you'll find you've beaten us too -in the cock race!" With that she kicked her rival onto the floor, and dragged her inside. She was tied up uncomfortably to a bedpost, as trish shut down the laptop, and curled up beside her brother for the night.

----+-+-----------++-++--++

Megan wasn't sure she slept at all. A stupor was all the tight ropes allowed. But she found herself pulled up by hair and the ropes undone. She was given 5 minutes to freshen up. 

She came out of the toilet to see the two making love again. Megan used their preoccupation to clean the marks from her face, and tidy herself as best as she could. But every time she looked in the mirror, she was reminded of last evening,&nbsp; when her brother had 'crowned' her with the bitch brigade cap, as she stood naked with her badge through her nipple. Yet, even that seemed from another world. she had felt disgraced, shocked and repelled at the idea of her brother touching her. Now, her greatest wish was to defeat her rival for the same brothers affections.as the full extent of her fall was revealed, she fell to her knees, crying.

John had woken up to find his leg caressing something hairy. It was his sisters head, and he assumed trish had tied her up. Now, after making love to trish, he went to inspect his slave sister.she seemed exhausted, but alive enough to be used, which was basically all that was required of her. Her dragged her up by her hair, got her to clean his dick with her lips, and threw her back on the ground. 

Trish meanwhile had dressed and left. Megan secretly hoped that she had taken her demonic instruments with her. She was wrong. Not only had she left them, she'd also left a change of clothes worthy of a cock slut. Which john now handed to her.

The clothes, megan noted, were several sizes too small for her. They consisted of a pleated red miniskirt which would barely cover her panties, and a top whose neckline left half her tits exposed. In short, it was the very dress which megan carol and the bitch brigade had tried their utmost to ban from the campus. But the main problem was lingerie. There was none, except for a skimpy thong. 

Megan could not imagine dressing without a bra, especially for a formal place Like college, where everyone expected her to be the epitome of morality. Assuming an oversight of trishs,&nbsp; she opened her drawer and pulled out the smallest bra she had, given anything else would show obscenely out of the top. Just as she had hooked it though, John came in, took scissors and in three strokes, shredded the cloth.

Ripping it off, he made her put on the top sans brassiere. The result was her tits hung obscenely, her nipples clearly outlined against the cheap synthetic material. She was made to put on the thong, which cut into her pussy lips, and the skirt, which she was sure was made more for men's viewing than covering women.

so decked, they set off early. Their parents were still asleep, being late risers, and the duo soon reached the bus stop. The bus was still 15 min away,so John asked megan to give him a blowjob. 

She had done it yesterday, but then it was dark. Now in full view, with joggers and dog walkers all over the place, megan refused. As if she could refuse. John assumed that the fresh air had caused memory loss, and he brought it back with a slap across her face.megan was stunned. Nearby, an elderly woman stopped to watch. Another slap.

Megan fell to her knees, the skirt doing nothing to protect her knees. John unzipped his fly, and let out his dick. He grabbed Megan's hair and started shoving it up and down, making her bob on his pole. The woman covered her face with her hand. For a moment, she appeared to be leaving . Instead she took a circuitous route, pretending not to see them till she stood right behind John. Megan's view was blocked by jeans, but she heard them talk.

'Arent you John and megan? " the woman asked hesitatingly. 

'Yeah, sure we are. You must be mrs robinson. '

' yes yes. Your sister ....'

Half of megan hoped the woman would save her. Slap john and help her up. Maybe call the police. The other half hoped what actually transpired.

John, instead of explaining, pulled megan up, and led both to behind a bush. Megan looked up with her best poor girl look, a look she otherwise hated. Mrs robinson ran her gnarled hand over Megan's head, raising the girl's hopes. Then bent down and pinched both nipples.

Before megan could recover from the shock, the woman had pulled down her panties, and put a leg on either side of Megan's face. Grabbing her head, she pushed it inside her skirt.

Megan was almost overwhelmed by the speed of events. But she realized that this woman was the opposite of her savior. Pressed against a white bush, she instinctively found her snatch, and started licking : her hopes that society would come to her aid were dashed a second time in as many days.

John had never been into mature sex, but the way the woman held megan under her skirt, turning her head into a bulge of her medium skirt, was uniquely erotic. John found his dick, temporarily disheartened by Megan's desertion, become hard again.

Before he knew it, he was kissing the woman, old enough to be his granny. she was experienced he had to admit, as his hands went to her wrinkled but still substantial breasts.

Meanwhile,&nbsp; megan was trying her best to make the woman cum, if only to get away from that puckered snatch. She was slowly succeeding, aided by her brothers use of his lips and hands. Mrs robinson began to rock in pleasure, as brother and sister kept up the tempo. Suddenly, she grabbed Megan's head and nearly pushed it into her vagina. She began to cum I'm waves coating poor megan s face with a smelly mix of post menopausal pussy juice and dried piss.

She pulled off, kicking megan to the ground. Her brother too pulled away, as he heard the bus sound the first of it's three warning horns. He turned to leave, thanking her for using his whore. She smiled, saying

" it was my pleasure, literally. I always wanted a prude between my legs. Couldn't get the one in my time, but this one just fitted my fantasy. She's a great cunt, you know, you should rent her out. And if you ever run short of pocket money, send her over." With that she gave John an amount equal to a babysitting shift, and walked off.

Megan was in shock, as much from the woman's actions as her words. Perverse youth she could understand, but mrs robinson? She'd always respected her, the upright old lady of the neighborhood. Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine she'd see her pussy, and that too like a real whore, she paying him for her licking. Wasn't anybody in society going to care for her?

By the time her train of thought reached this juncture, the bus had begun moving. John dragged her onto it, getting an angry glare from the driver, Harry. Dourly,he warned them that this would go down in their records.

Normally, megan would have started a long tirade on her brother's lack of punctuality, but she kept quiet. Instead, john spoke up.

"Harry, yoe like pussy? "

The bus almost knocked down a hydrant. "What?&nbsp; Whatcha say? "

"Well, megan here was just telling me how much she wants your cock. So if you want...."

"Shhhh....lookee boy, kids around. Why doncha drop by once we reach college? We'll chat up then eh? " 

"Sure harry. You the boss. "

Megan was relieved. Somehow she'd by now come to expect that she'd be offered as a,sexual incentive to any person her brother wanted. She just hoped he'd restrict her clients to the same age group.

As harry had said, the bus indeed had a few kids who were soon dropped off at the nearby school leaving only john, megan and two nerdy girls who seemed more into physics than fucks. Yet, John couldn't just sit and watch his sister behave as if she was a free woman. Not if she was to be trained properly as property.

So he decided to give the girls a sneak peek into sex. Grabbing Megan's hand, he dragged her to the seat facing the two girls'. They seemed not to notice. John became impatient, and waved his hand before one of them.

The specksy girl looked up, surprised that john and megan, otherwise from different worlds, would be here together. She then saw megan dressed like trish and the cheerleaders: her jaw dropped.

John figured he'd have to take the initiative if megan was to do anything before the duo. So he grabbed Megan's hair and pushed her to her knees. Now the other girl looked up- and down as megan descended. Neither could believe that Megan could be made to kneel, but it was happening. 

Megan knew what john wanted. Secretly, she was relieved that he'd chosen the two nerds and not mark or the other jocks who'd climb aboard later. She hoped to get over with the duo before the others came.

So, setting aside whatever revulsion female genitals caused, she raised the pleated skirt of the first girl and pulled down the panties. It seemed the girl was either too shocked, or actually liked what megan was doing, for she made no protest as megan buried her face in the girl's snatch.

John, from his better viewpoint, could tell he'd chosen correctly. He'd known the two hated the way megan outscored them inspite of her apparently busy schedule. As he looked on, the incredulity on the girls&nbsp; face changed to perverse pleasure as Megan's by now experienced tongue did his bidding in the nerdy cunthole.

Slowly, she grabbed Megan's head, and pushed it in further, until a bulge similar to mrs Robinson's had appeared in her skirt. As her pleasure mounted, the nerd began to press Megan's head between her thighs, as she rocked in pleasure on her classmates face. John could see that she was literally ripping the hair from Megan's head in an attempt to cotrol the licking, which increased the pain and hence the ferocity of Megan's ministrations. 

The other girl too joined in. She pulled up the short skirt and pulled down the thong. Slowly, she pushed her fingers into her snatch, sniffing the aroma as her friend facr fucked the girl. Taking out a circular&nbsp; pencil box, she tentatively began pushing it into her exposed pussy. 

To her surprise, it seemed to go in quite easily, the result of the series of fucks megan had undegone. Once inside, the girl pulled the thong up, to hold the box in place. 

Meanwhile, her friend was rapidly approaching her first lesbian orgasm. She completely encircled Megan's head, pushing her cuntlicker deeper into her pussy. John could tell she was nearing the peak, so he obligingly reached out and pinched a clothed but elongated nipple. It pushed her over the edge. Literally crushing megan into her sex, she bounced like a bitch in heat, letting out screams of pleasure. Megan, buried in her second hole since morning, thought she'd faint from lack of air and flood of pussy juice. She tried her best to swallow, but the girl came like niagra (or viagra, a voice inside spoke up), and completely smothered her. She'd always thought the two to be normal and boring. She was again wrong.

Finally, she was let off from the vice like grip, and returned to the world. She now realized that her pussy was filled,&nbsp; and instinctively pulled out the object. John realized he'd have ti teach her that her holes were meant to keep whatever her owner/client wanted. But he went along for now.

Megan stared in disbelief as she saw the pencil box, dripping in cum, slide out of her hole. The second girl reached out and snatched it from her.&nbsp; She then asked her to take out the project that was to be submitted that day. Megan wordlessly obliged. She knew her project was good, and compared to using her as they did, using her project would be little grief.

The face fucking girl however, took it and pulled off the plastic file holding the pages. She then held them infront of the baffled megan, before pushing them into her own drenched pussy. The pages came out soaked in cum, which megan was made to lick up. Then the second girl took the pages and began to stuff Megan's own pussy with project.

Megan was shocked. She'd never expected them to humiliate her so. Maybe steal it, maybe change the names even,- but to use it as toilet paper?&nbsp; The girl now pulled out the soggy and dirty pages, her neat writing dissolved by pussy juice, and held them in front of her face again. Megan assumed this to be the end of the ordeal, and reached out for the soggy ruined pages. Instead, the girl deliberately and slowly tore the pages in half, then quarters and eights, as the horrified megan looked helplessly on. She then opened the girls mouth and stuffed the wet pages of her hardwork inside, making megan take in the whole of it. Casually she then used the empty file cover for her own project, changing the name from megan to susan. 

As john led her back to his seat at the back, megan felt a new humiliation build up. she'd just seen her hardwork reduced to fodder. Those two had so effortlessly shown their control, their power over her, and her work, as if they'd owned her all their lives.
Worse. She felt as if she was being intellectually degraded. Her now destroyed project had contained a scathing attack on rape and sexual humiliation of women in tribal afghanistan, which she'd compared to the brutality of ancient roman slavery. To have the very same treatment given to her, she who always spoke up against the historical subordination of women....she felt like a,whore in her mind as,well, as if even her mind had lost it's ideals. She had come another step closer to being a whore in spirit, as well as body.

John saw,megan crying silently, a hollow look in her usually fiery eyes. Hr guessed another ember of her fiery spirit had been doused in cum. All the better for him, she'd become a real slave faster. He quietly stroked her hair, more like a pet than a girl. She wasn't a girl anymore, no point making her feel like one.

The gentle stroking, which megan knew was more slave than woman, strangely made her feel better. Ever since last night, she'd burnt with a desire to prove her worth to him, as a,willing cunt. And now he was stroking her, he was alone with her. Before her prudence could speak, her will to please kicked in. She reached across and laid her head on his lap, unzipping his fly and taking his semi hard cock out.

John was taken by surprise, but decided to complete the blowjob so fortuitously interrupted by mrs robinson. But what of the papers in her mouth?&nbsp; John had a plan, and the papers were vital to it. So he took the trouble of having her empty the soggy papers into a plastic bag, before she began her duty. 

Megan dutifully began licking and sucking, taking care to caress his balls and lick them for added stimulation. John was pleasantly surprised,&nbsp; and wondered why his prude turned pussy was so desperate to please. Maybe she waa finally learning her place. Or, maybe she actually wanted him?&nbsp; To own her, to use her, to make her feel degraded. John hoped that was the case. It would be his ultimate truimph if his prude willingly served him :maybe the saying that "prudes are all sluts inside", did have some sense.











A bitch's fall episode e (renamed to Megan's education )

As he felt his dick grow hard from his sister's love, john noted that the bus had begun to fill. Most of the early pickups sat in front, oblivious to the goings on in the back. John didn't really care, most of them were kids by his standard (sexual standard that is). But that soon changed. The bus stopped in front of a housing complex, and stewie the geek got on. 

He looked a bit tired, like he was up all night, and half collapsed onto the seat in front of John. He seemed not to have noticed megan, busy with John's dick. Soon, he seemed to be dozing off. John was half inclined to wake him up, but decided to wait. The poor guy would be recharged too, John's plan needed energy. 

John now shifted megan to his right, such that she was between the window and him. He didn't want people seeing her before he wanted them to. 

The bus was now filling up fast. Soon people would come come to the back seat, he'd better prepare. As megan kept sucking, he whispered instructions, which he assumed her bobbing head understood. Just as he finished the prep, he saw mark the basketball captain climb on. It was time.

He gave the signal. And shouted 'harder bitch, make me cum'. The whole bus turned, and john could tell harry checking the rear view mirror. John now grabbed megan and hoisted her up, her face slick with precum and dried pussy juice. 

Almost in a trance, megan moved into the aisle. She ran her hands down her body, cupping her breasts as,they went down. With a slutty look which she never knew she had, megan slowly began gyrating around a pole, rocking sideways each time the bus turned. At John's signal, she blew a kiss to the stunned crowd, mark standing like a statue two feet from her.

Then she slowly and carefully removed her top, raising her hands over her head as her boobs became visible. She knew this pulled them up, and for some reason, she wanted to look like a slut, a real one. 

She now cupped her breasts firmly, digging her thumbs into her nipples till they hurt. Her hands began to squeeze her own breasts, pushing them together and pulling them up, making sure the bus was glued to her striptease. 

Next she began to slowly push the skirt down, revealing her well used cunt as she licked her lips and pouted at the crowd. Skirt off, she raised her toned leg to a seat, spreading her cunt lips wide, showing the bus what her insides looked like, what she had on offer for any male interested. 

She then took two fingers and began to fuck herself, enjoying her exhibition as she became aroused by her own actions. She could see it's effect on the bus. Many boys were rubbing their pants, and a few girls looked lusty, including the nerdy duo. Somehow, Megan felt happy at this, especially as she saw John smiling at her from the side. 

She now began to fuck herself violently, using the bus' motion to create a rythm. Another finger joined, the three touching her clit as they came in and out. she began to moan, her nipples hard and her pussy forming a puddle on the floor.&nbsp; Her breathing grew rapid, as she dimly noted the boys close in on her, unable to hold back. She saw mark, her rapist, approach with an evil smile. He reached out. She felt a cool hand on her nipple, and went over the edge. 

The force of it pushed her to her knees, making her fall forward, her pussy gushing leaking a wet trail behind her. She fell upon mark shoes, unknowingly kissing them as she lost herself in climax.

Mark could hardly believe what he saw. His fucktoy from last evening lay curled at his feet, apparently kissing his feet, as her brother clapped her performance. Speaking of performance, did he really see what he thought he did?&nbsp; Yesterday she was raped, sure, but she'd resisted, fought even when drugged. Now she lay like a sex slave at his feet, having performed better than most cunts, though it was clear the method was her own. 
Mark came out of his reverie when john called out

'Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Megan. Yes, of the bitch brigade, now my personal sex toy. '

Even John had not thought he'd say this. He wasn't exactly the stud type, but what better way to present the new megan, than to PRESENT her to the world. Megan, meanwhile, found herself staring at nike shoes while her orgasm faded. She went over what she'd done. She couldn't believe it, so she blinked. The shoes remained, the cum remained, and now she could hear her brother present her to the bus. It was real. She'd actually done a striptease.

Why? To please john, her mind replied. Somewhere in her mind, the old prudish voice spoke "you've been used and now exhibited. You should die of shame" she knew the voice was right. But hadn't she wanted to please john?&nbsp; To prove she was better than trish. That she could do whatever trish could, to win her brother's love? For the first time, the "slut" voice sounded more reasonable. But the "bitch" voice wouldn't let go. 

It started screaming abuses as she was hoisted up by her hair. She stood, to see mark's dick poking out at her. Rock hard. For a moment she hesitated. She loved her brother, yes, but this wasn't him. Would she be used by anybody?&nbsp; "Bitch, you forgot something. You're a slave, and as long as,your master wants, you can be anybody's slut" the prude voice spoke. 

Mark began pushing his pole inside, enjoying the warmth of teen cunt early in the morning. Megan watched as it went in, and her female hormones took over. She noticed the others form a line behind him, as he began to fuck her violently. She was doing this for her brother, she told herself, unsure why this gave her solace. But it didn't last long.

Soon, trish s stoo turned up, and she promptly went to John's lap. The two voices in her head now collided, compounding her misery. She'd hoped to be atleast appreciated by her brother as she was fucked,&nbsp; but he didn't even seem to care. He was lost in trish soon, as boy after boy unloaded jism into her snatch. She wasn't even worth the attention of her brother, her master. He'd let her out to graze, bored of her as he found the girl he liked better. She felt even more worthless than a trash whore, atleast they got the attention they wanted.

By the time Megan's thoughts had reached this point, the line had considerably thinned, and ended once a muscular black guy finished facefucking her. 

John threw her the clothes and left, not even bothering to take her, as trish was wrapped in his arms. Before debarking, he spoke to harry, who was now drinking his rum, his morning duty over. The bus door closed. Megan had never been late in her life, so she hurriedly dressed and ran to the door. Only she didn't get a hand to the handle, a bigger hand pulled her back.

It was harry. Megan guessed this was what they'd discussed. He cooly pulled off her clothes, and took her to the guard cabin naked. It was right behind the main gate, and she saw students pouring in. Her heart began to beat faster.

Harry knocked on the door, and a burly man called sam came out. He was the watchman, rumour was he'd once fucked a coed in the ass, she needed a surgery before she could poop again. Sam looked pleasantly surprised as harry explained the situation. They talked in hushed voices and then burst into laughter. Megan got a bad feeling in her cumfilled stomach about their plans.

She was right. As the start of college neared, the crowd thickened, most too worried about getting in to notice the girl between the two men. Sam now got a chair, and sat down, such that he was sideways to the main driveway. Harry got two beers, and then, both stripped off their jeans and underwear.

Megan fervently hoped nobody would notice her, as she saw her classmates and juniors hurry to class. She'd have been one of them once in a while, but she guessed those days were past. Megan felt sam grab her hips and pull her slowly down to his cock. Before she could see how big it was, harry had grabbed her brown hair and was pushing his 9" down her throat. But the main pain came from the pussy.

The rumours had been right. Sam was big. 12" and as much thick. He was proud of it, having knocked up his sister at 14. She'd been bleeding for a week. Luckily for megan, the extensive rape she'd undergone had stretched her pussy. She could accommodate him, but barely. She felt impaled and stretched, her walls crying out of agony as made her take more and more in. 

Finally, she could tell he was satisfied, as she finally found herself sitting on his lap and not stuck on his dick. But respite for slaves was fleeting, as she was fast learning. He began to push in and out, making her yelp everytime she was impaled, her pussy opening a little bit with every stroke. 

Harry was in his own world. He'd a,penchant for bikini babes, and had got a calendar of them put up in the bus every year. Till megan complained to the bus in charge about inappropriate visual content on the bus walls. Poor harry had to remove it to keep his job. Well, it was payback now,&nbsp; "inappropriate" cunts deserved this appropriate treatment. He wondered if he could make his own porn calendar now, with megan as the star...

Megan felt every muscle of her body cry out as she was both pulled forward and pushed down. Her cunt muscles seemed to hurt badly, and she wondered if they were torn. It wouldn't do for a whore to lose the tools of her trade. Her mouth too was getting filled till the dickhead went down her gullet. She was constantly choking, which had the benefit of keeping her quiet,&nbsp; her screams being muffled by a cock.

As she got a,little used though, she became aware that the sex was attracting attention. Many boys had stopped to watch, and she could see one guy fondling his gf as they kissed. Did they know already that her diktat was over ? That there would be no more perv hunting rounds?&nbsp; Ofcourse they knew, the chief agent of morality was being used in front of them, the pictures on fb were correct after all.

Megan hadn't expected this humiliation. The previous ones had been still restricted, but this was totally open. People who had never seen or known her now saw her, and knew&nbsp; her only as a whore. All her life she'd emphasized her feminity, in an activists avatar. Now it was being advertised, in a whore show. She'd never be megan again to anybody, nobody would remember her efforts,,she was and would always be known as a whore .

The guys began cheering as the guys approached orgasm. Megan wasn't the first cunt theyd had together, so they were well synchronized. To megan, it only meant that she was in an endless cycle of being pulled forward and down, back and up, then forward ..... she lost count of the number of times, but then nobody was concerned. They were just seeing every pervert s nightmare go through her own, and were loving every moment of it.

Suddenly a countdown started, and she could tell it was the cum countdown, as the fucking grew rougher and sam grabbed her tits as,handles, mashing them and pulling them as he made her ride on his dick. Megan felt she couldn't take the pain anymore. Her eyes, already leaking from humiliation, now flowed from pain. Just then, she felt herself pushed down and forward roughly, and cum erupted into two of her orifices simultaneously. 

The Cummings were greeted by claps and cheers, and the couple began to fuck, unable to take it any longer. Megan was pushed off, and fell to the ground. Harry handed her the clothes. She had barely put them on, when she felt the crowd close in behind her. Megan's sex education was far from over.

[To be continued ]
 









A bitches fall episode F (renamed to Megan's education 2)

As the crowd closed in, megan was forced to notice the faces, recognize her classmates turned rapists who remorselessly approached her exhausted and helpless body. To her shock, she saw girls as well. Trish was a bitch, no doubt, but here the ones included her own friends, some members of bitch brigade. Others she'd often chatted with in the canteen, shared her precious notes with, enjoyed being with....

Megan's mind refused to accept that they would rape her. Even if one girl protested, defended her, she'd be saved. It was a college after all. She knew she had enemies who always desired the worst for her, but she had friends too. Atleast she thought she did.

The first to reach her was a basketball player, Henry, who grabbed her head and began rubbing it on his engorged crotch. It smelt of sweat and piss, given he wasn't into regular showers, and Megan remembered trying to enforce a,shower law on the team. Henry had found it stupid, and marginally irritating.

But for him, marginal irritation was a serious issue, nobody messed with the team, and this bitch was trying to act like mommy?&nbsp; Hell, even his girlfriend tolerated it, and if she could do it spending her waking hours wrapped around his dick, so could any girl. 

His blood starting to boil, he kicked her off his crotch and unzipped, exposing a huge hairy black dick, enough to make any girl bleed. Grabbing Megan's dishevelled hair, he shoved it in in one stroke, Megan not even bothering to protest. As trish had taught her fucking was any day better than thrashing.

The dick squashed her tongue down, and grazed her teeth, the poor cunt unable to open wider. But Henry knew what to do. Taking a handful of her hair, he began pulling hard, hard enough for her scalp to become visible as her hair tried desperately to hang on. Megam felt as if her scalp itself was being ripped off. Her natural reaction being to scream, she opened up half a inch more.

But no scream came. Instead, the dick went in more comfortably, until it was grazing the back of her mouth, initiating a gag reflex, which only had the effect of pressing her mouth tightly around his dick. Henry could tell the bitch could takr it, she'd just not been opened enough. And given her bitchiness, she deserved to be not just opened, but splayed.

His thoughts and the new tightness made him push even further down her throat. Megan's body responded with more gagging as her throat began to be invaded. She felt she wouldn't be able to breathe any longer, as she could tell the dick bulging from inside her throat. She was going to suffocate.

But Henry wasn't so kind. Having explored her throat,&nbsp; he pulled out, his dick slick with saliva. Megan began choking and spluttering, her utter disbelief in her ability to deep throat only worsening her predicament. Henry watched amused. It was the same with every bitch, including his girlfriend who'd taken two days to take it all in. Megan was better, she'd already taken the whole of it; pity she had been a prude, she'd have made an ideal lover. But hell, he thought, no point crying over lost chances. Rather, he should make her cry, for being what she was.

So the dick went in again, this time staying longer making megan again think of suffocating and dying. Again it came out, but didn't stay out. Instead it reversed gear at her lips and she was back to being stuffed. The next cycle was even shorter, and so on till megan was more concerned with her throat being rubbed raw than with dick asphyxiation.

Meanwhile, the remaining students had made a circle around the duo, cheering and hollering each time henry pushed his pole in. If megan had known, she'd have been shocked that her best friend caroline was in fact standing a little way off, discreetly fingering her sex. 

As henry approached orgasm from the helpless ex-prude, the crowd began screaming in excitement. Almost all of them knew megan, and knew her bitchy attitude that made consensual sex a crime. Well, she was getting her payback now, and the crowd was willing to condone anyc crime that entailed. 

Dicks were coming out, hands went to breasts and pussies, and the crowd began to itch towards the bloated-cheeked megan. Henry knew the others were getting excited, but he couldnt help it. He'd made his gf suck him dry before leaving for college : megan wold get an extra long ride.

But the sheer tightness saved megan. Unable to hold on for long, she instinctively gagged again, this time pushing him over. For megan, the gag was followed by a brutal thrust into her gullet, as she felt him drain directly into her throat. Henry savored the sight of the helpless cunthead stuck on his pole, before pulling out and cleaning his dick on her face.

Henry walked off, leaving megan gasping amid the general clamour for more. The circle closed in, hands outstretched for her luscious meat. Seconds later, her tits were being mauled like dough, her mouth was again filled with dick and her pussy and ass were being probed. To megan it felt like she was back in the bus, standing with one hand on the rail, being used in all ways possible.The speed quickened as more and more people lined up and the ones in the back shoved for a piece of prude meat. Soon megans hands were grabbed and she was made to jack off two guys whom she had once tried to block for honours society for fucking their girlfriends before getting married. Not that she succeeded, but they remembered her nonetheless, and like a good many others, today was payback for them.

So now they stood on either side of the cunt, her long fingers wrapped around their dicks, making a nice contrast given her light nail polish. Megan, in fact was not even aware where her hands were. All her attention was focused on the effort to breathe between deep throating strokes that the guys all seemed capable of. She was sometimes made to look up at their sneering faces as they enjoyed a female head move up and down their pole, especially one that was usually arranging for chastity drives. They wished they had been the one to deflower her and savour the pain in her eyes. But they nevertheless used her with gay abandon, refusing to allow her to even splutter between blowjobs.

At the other end, the skinny guy who had first got her pussy had been pushed away by a thick black female , who was busy poking and pinching the poor abused sex of the other girl. Her nails were long, and when she pushed her fingers into the sluts cunt, megan felt as if nails were ripping the sides of her tender walls. She tried to shake them off, only to have them dig deeper into her womb. The black girl, called Shawna, knew well that her nails wont do any serious damage, as she herself had undergone such treatment at 14. But she still wanted to hurt, and so kept up the assault. Eventually tiring of this, she let one of the all to desperate boys to have the hole, and contented herself trying to see how far her heels would go into the asshole. 

The two handjob guys were by now nearing climax, given their hatred for the&nbsp; cunt in front of them sharpened their lust manifold. However, they didnt simply want to enjoy her, they wanted to degrade her. So when the 10th guy at her mouth was done, they moved in front of her, her hands still on their dicks. Megan instantly recognized the duo, and a feeling of fear crept through her. They had made&nbsp; no secret of their hatred for her, and now she was at their mercy. The last one hour had convinced her that nobody would bother to save her, or even speak up for her. Her friends were either busy raping her, or were more interested in their own work now that megan was useless to their needs. At the same instant, they came, making sure they sprayed their cum on her face, her hair and her lips, till Meagan felt she would drown in it. They then placed their dicks on her head and got the black girl to click a pic of her. She remembered how shed made them pose with chastity drive posters, threatening to get them kicked out if they didnt. Now, with their victorious weapons of cunt destruction triumphantly above her defeated head, it seemed shed come full circle. Megan began to cry again. Would everything she cherished be reversed one by one ?

The duo now grabbed her hair and made her stare directly at them. They were smiling. Suddenly, she felt a boot on her stomach and doubled over, pushing the heel in her ass even deeper. Her head hit one guys foot, and he promptly raised it to make the impact worse. Megan, stunned, was pushed back up. The other guy meanwhile had placed his foot above her head, the result being she slammed into his shoe as she went up. Megans head was aching like anything , and her vision was getting fuzzyfrom the repeated hits. She somehow attained a kneeling position, staring at four men in front of her. Two of the guys, she saw, removed their shoes and raised it to her mouth, already leaking cum from the numerous visits it had had.

Megan unquestioningly took the toes in her mouth and began to lick them like dickheads, only that these were far more smelly and made her gag from the taste. Still,she didnt want another kick so she kept up the licking , followed by sucking the toes one by one. The other two placed their dicks on her head from the back, like an obscene tiara along the middle of her hair. The guy now pulled his toes out and instead pressed it firmly on her face,such that she could only stare at the darkness of his feet. Unknown to her, Shawna was busy clicking away at her misery, ensuring that the cum and the humiliation were clearly visible on her face. After all, these were going to be megans CV when she applied for a whores job some day

One of the guys now began to fish out something which looked like a poster. Megan realized, to her horror, that it was the poster she had designed for the upcoming feminists seminar in the college. Shed spent atleast a week designing it, and shed been proud of how it showed the woman with her foot on the globe. It seemed to fit the theme of womens empowerment . The guys spread the design out, such that it covered her body completely like a shroud. Then they made her lie down with only her face visible. Theyd have liked to cut out holes, but they made it up by rippin the parts above her tits and cunt, without wrecking the image of the woman. Then they each placed a foot on her abdomen, right above the womans face (in the poster), and clicked a pic, making sure that megan was looking directly into the camera.

Their fun complete, the duo now headed back, leaving megan to recoup from her morning ordeals. Only the black bitch remained, she getting her attendance from cums instead of classes. She hoisted the devastated megan up,and draped the poster on her, making sure her cunt and tits were on display. Megan, now wearing her own poster fastened with pins like a towel, began the long walk towards the now empty portico. To keep her motivated, Shawna kept kicking the poor cunt every few steps, making sure it landed on the part exposed by the cut outs shed made off her ass. 

Megan no longer seemed to register the kicks and expletives. Her mind was in shock. How could everything collapse like this ? shed hoped that even if she herself was enslaved, the bitches of bitch brigade would keep up the work. Hadnt she taught them to stand up to men ? to defend womens interests (as she defined them), best as they could. To keep up the patrols and postering to limit immorality on the campus ? where were they now ? Meagan could tell the duo had somehow accessed the&nbsp; main drawers of the bitch brigade office, or theyd be unable to get the poster. Plus, the absence of any bitch brigade member during her torture did not bode well. Shed made them take an oath that theyd protect any girl in distress. News must have reached the classes, yet not one soul came. Whatever happened to the bitch brigade ? and whatever was going to happen to the seminar ? shed spent an age organizing it. How could she do it now, being herded to the college building with her own poster obscenely draped around her ? whatever would anyone think of the vaunted bitch brigade if they found them messing up like this ?and her going about like a slut in need of dicks ?she didnt even dare think of the consequences, but the question kept nagging her - was everything shed created going to go down with her ?

However, first shed to fend for herself. Shawna, it seemed , had been only interested in kicking and humiliating her as much as possinle. Once it was done, she walked off,leaving megan alone for the first time since last evening in the woods. Megans mind instantly began to think of ways to escape. Wouldnt it be easy if she could just head back home ? she had her bag, meaning she had her locker keys and some money. Shed then leave home or something.her wild hopes came to the ground when she turned a corner and looked straight at herself. Naked, and giving a blowjob on her knees to a person she knew as stewie. It was a life size flex board, placed where yesterday the bitch brigade seminar announcement had been. She remembered having to fight with the cheerleaders for that hallowed spot,and shed won it by tripping Trish and Shawna onto their own poster, thereby ruining it. Now her own ruin was displayed for all to see. Megan fell to her knees,crying .

She didnt remain there for long. The sweeper soon came round, and swept his mop over her, opening the pins and exposing her naked body. He then proceeded to thoroughly clean the part of floor that was megan, and completed it by emptying his bucket of water on the cunt. He too hated the way shed behaved with the staff, and had punished her in his own way.

Megans dress was now ruined, simply because the mop had carried off the pins. So she somehow crawled to her locker, and fished out the change of clothes she kept in case of emergencies.It was typically conservative, a black blouse with jeans that were more loose than tight. There was no underwear though, and megan went through the odd experience of her nips rubbing against the cloth as her tits hung out of the blouse. For the firat time in her life, she felt conscious of her figure, wondering if the sagging bustline was due to lack of lingerie or the hours in the tit press. Her pussy also felt odd, the lips rubbing against the coarse crotch.

But megan had more worrying issues. She was late, and doubtless would have to enter a class full of rapists and friend-turned-haters. But there was no option, her parents would kill her if attendance dipped. Reluctantly, she climbed the stairs and approached her comp engineering class.

Unlike other days when she was late, nobody acknowledged that the most powerful girl in college had just arrived. The teacher, mrs taylor, merely looked up and asked her to take her seat. Relieved, she went to her usual seat, which was between caroline and another bitch called mandy. Both pretended she wasn't there. That wasn't unusual given the call she'd received last night. She lowered her ass to the seat, and jumped up.

The seat had an attached dildo! Megan had landed right on top, almost pushing it into her ass. The guys started sniggering, and the girls either giggled or pretended she was a leper. Megan, still standing, looked at John, sitting lazily between stewie and mark. He nodded. 

Megan, having no options if she were to sit, undid her pants and settled down, taking the dildo into her cumdry pussy. Luckily, mrs taylor didn't notice. Megan now saw a pair of nipple clamps on her desk, which, without thinking, she quietly placed on her nips. Her desperation made her ignore the shocked stare of the teacher, who was a firm supporter of bitch brigade.

However, megan knew that her options were limited. Mark was gently poking her ass with his foot, while stewie had what looked like a dart in his hand,,aimed at the side of her tits. She didn't even want to know what john was upto. 

So, her pussy stuffed and nips crushed, megan tried to concentrate on studies. Mrs taylor had recovered from the shock, and was trying to make up for lost time by asking for people's projects. Megan felt a dead weight in her stomach : she won't be the only one to miss out, but it would be her first time. Tense, she looked as one by one the boys and girls began giving theirs. Stewie gave his, a 50 page tome, mark a 3 page excuse for not doing any work. Next came john. John?&nbsp; He didn't belong to her class! But he was pulling out a project, no a packet of.....megan almost fainted as realization hit her.

It was her cum drenched ruin from the bus. She looked on as John explained that he was in class primarily to give her project, given she was expected late. The teacher took it, and examined the contents. She turned to megan.

"Is this a joke? "

" no ma'm" Megan's voice failed her for the first time in class.

" then what is this.....this...."

"My project ma'm. It got a bit wet." The nerdy girls giggled.

"And how exactly did it end up like this ? Did you EAT it? "

"Yes ma'm" tears were welling up in her eyes, but she had no escape. Trish, at a diagonal, was poking her ass with her heels. 

Mrs taylor stood shell shocked. But megan went on with a hard kick to her ass.

"Yes ma'm. I stuffed it in my vagina, ripped it to pieces and ate it. That's why I was late."

The class was utterly silent. Many of the goody people gaped, others laughed and trish stuffed her heel into Megan's ass. Megan herself was in utter shock. She'd had high ideals of education, of her mission in life, to be fulfilled through education. Now, she was handing a cum drenched joke to her favorite teacher, while sitting on a dildo with a heel up her ass. She wanted to die.

It took mrs taylor full 5 minutes to recover, in which time stewie fired his dart, which got stuck at the side of her tit, obscenely advertising her agony. Trish s heel went out and kicked in again, making the helpless and utterly humiliated girl writhe on the dildo.

Finally the teacher spoke "get out" megan wanted the same, and got up to rush out to escape the horror. she forgot she'd removed the jeans, and trish obligingly pulled it down as she got up. a collective laugh erupted as her cum-covered sex was revealed. A signal from mark made her move without the jeans.

But it only worsened matters. The jeans were bunched around her legs, and she tripped, taking caroline with her as she landed hard on the floor. A,second later, caroline was inches from her face, but her expression was anything but sympathetic, not even shocked at,being knocked over. It was lusty.

In the short time they lay,on top, carol raised her head to meet Megan's lips, and the two kissed. Megan could hardly believe it as her best friend smooched her like a lover. Like a lover! Somehow the affection made her forget her predicament and she went on kissing the girl. 

Mrs taylor was not amused. She'd hoped to clear the class of the nuisance as fast as possible. Instead, two girls were kissing at her feet, one,naked down the waist. Disgusted, she kicked the duo, effectively hitting caroline, who rolled over to avoid more. But megan refused to let go, and the two kept kissing. More kicks followed, some coming from enthusiastic students.this time, megan rolled. 

And so ut went on. The bizarre scene of a teacher kicking two lesbian girls out as they kissed went into many phone cameras, ready for upload to facebook no doubt. Finally, mrs taylor, exhausted and disgusted equally, pushed them out into the corridor, out of sight of her horny class. 

Megan's side was burning. She wished she could get up and run out of class. Bu the taste of carol was too much for the nubile cunt. She just couldn't let go of the soft lips which had always parotted whatever she said. Just like she couldn't believe what was happening, it was too bizarre to believe yet it was real enough. And her desire was real too, her vagina smearing juices onto her friends cunt area and thighs as they had rolled.

Megan's hands now instinctively went Carol's tits, Pressed against her as they lay together. They felt large and soft, her fingers digging into the meat that megan had ensured remained confined in tight bras and loose clothes, till carol herself had wondered if there was any point having tits if only she noticed them. Now the same megan, degraded and abused beyond either girl's imagination (or any guy s wet dream), was busy clawing off the clothes she'd been proud to see on Carol's body.

The lesbian lust caused a desperate scramble as tits, pussies and lips sought out the other's in frantic haste, the desires of their young lives bursting forth as the dam of modesty was broken once and for all. Sadly for megan, she wasn't meant to enjoy love in peace.

Class dissolved without either girl raising her head. The class pooled out, snidely admiring the two lithe bodies locked in love in the passage like a pair of canines having sex. John had decided to get rid of Megan's jeans, and burnt her blouse with his lighter the moment he saw the discarded pile of clothes. But if he had hoped to take her with him, he was partly disappointed.

Taylor seemed hell bent on taking the two girls to task. She made both girls get up and follow her to the principal s chamber. Megan felt scared, she was,sure she'd be kicked out of college. How would she face her parents?&nbsp; Especially when they learnt the reasons? 

The three entered the big formal looking chamber that megan was so familiar with thanks to her bitch brigade job. Taylor closed the door and locked it. Never a good sign,&nbsp; given that it usually meant a long session. Taylor now went to the desk and mr Howard, the principal looked up. She spoke in hushed voice and he nodded. Then he reached up and squeezed Taylor's tit.

Megan wasn't sure she'd seen it right. Taylor being molested?&nbsp; Wasn't she the most straight (read frigid) woman on the campus? However, howard merely went on feeling her, as Taylor parted her legs slightly for easier access. Megan looked at carol to see her face filled with lust. The poor girl had lost her modesty completely.

Eventually, Howard motioned for the two females to come forward. They obeyed like zombies, standing where the desk ended. Howard, wordless still, reached out and squeezed Megan's titty, then Carol's. He appeared amused, and asked Taylor to prepare them.

Taylor, that frigid woman, seemed to know a great lot about females. Ahe expertly took the two teenage pussies on offer, and soon megan and carol were wet, their fear giving way to a surreal lust as they longed for each other, for taylor, for howard, for any male or female who'd fuck them.

But taylor didn't oblige by taking them to orgasM. Instead, she dragged the two by their hair and laid them face down on the desk, megan tit being pressed by a paperweight and her pussy enjoying the cool ac air. She prepared for her upcoming fuck, instead she felt something at her ass, something that was too thin to be a dick and too flexible to be a butt plug. Unfortunately for her, the mystery was soon solved.

Megan felt liquid pour into her bowels as she lay helpless for a fuck that never came. The liquid filled in steadily, the coldness shocking the poor cunt. But she lay there, undergoing the unique sensation of having an enema in the principal s chamber.

Howard stood back in satisfaction. Taylor had informed him that megan was quite 'used', and Carol needed to be readied. Instead, he now stood there,watching the two tubes fill the bowels as taylor took his dick between her boobs. His mind went back to when he'd broken the poor woman, ironically with Megan's help.

Taylor was always the leader of feminist rallies, standing beside megan as she read out from gerda lerner in bitch seminars. He'd decided he'd take both, starting with megan. It had been accident that'd had brought him charlotte, or taylor as the world knew her.

megan had brought a grand design for a feminist newsletter, which had charlotte taylor inscribed boldly at the recommendations column. Howard had just increased his own salary, and wasn't least interested in more expenses. So he was about to turn the eager girl down when he had an idea. He asked for a detailed budget, which the meticulous cunt had ready. He askec her to leave it with him,&nbsp; and she left. He cooly changed the numbers, so the total didn't tally, and asked megan to get the sanctioned budget. Megan, too excited, forgot to verify the numbers, ending up spending $10000 more than was sanctioned. It was really a question of which cunt to take now, megan and taylot being equally compromised. Again, an accident helped.

Shocked at belatedly realizing her error, megan had innocently asked howard what could be done. He'd asked her to change the name of in charge from taylor to herself, thus making herself more vulnerable. Megan forgot or didn't bother,&nbsp; and funnily, howard did too. Nwt result was when he made the threatening call to the offender, it was Taylor's mature voice he heard.

Blackmail was something howard was good at. so he had charlotte taylor at his desk at 8 am and his feet at 8 15. He still remembered how he'd slapped her time and again, pinching her ample tits and kicking her sex to make her submit. And she did. He remembered the first tentative fingers reaching for his zipper, the pleading eyes of the poor woman as she knelt and sucked cock like a whore, the tears which were lost In his dickhairs. It had felt warm taking the woman's mouth, the red lipstick framing his dick beautifully as he enjoyed pushing her head in and out. And then he'd come, spilling the gunk all over her otherwise pretty face, taking care to coat her hair.

As she'd broken down crying, he'd roughly dragged her to the same desk, and had sampled her holes. In the first of many rapes,he'd made her beg for his cock, thank him for each thrust, and realize once and for all she was property.

Now he saw two cunts before him, naked with steadily bloating bellies as taylor, now adept at sucking and fucking, increased the pressure with one hand as she kept up the blwojob. Howard knew some worthy guy had broken Megan, he'd seen thd fb pics. He felt pleased. Not only was megan too usable now, it also meant the younger generation had imbibed his values. Pleased would be an understatement, he felt proud.

The girls were bloating up well by now. But he kept up the pressure, ensuring that both cunts were soon pleading for release. But there was none. Taylor could be a mean bitch, but he let her have her way. 

Megan could tell her bowels were stretching as her sphincters began to scream in protest. She tried to get up to ease the pain, but it only made taylor push her back down. Beside her, carol s face was reflecting her own feelings. Her eyes were closed, her teeth clenched in grim desperation. Megan herself felt she'd burst. She could feel her tummy bloating, her own endurance reaching breaking point. 

Howard looked on in pleasure as the two cunts panted and groaned as the tubes remorselessly poured in water into their helpless assholes. Both, he guessed, had pregnancy grade swelled tummies now. He reached out and shut down the machine.

Taylor now pulled the two cunts up, plugging the holes to prevent premature pooping. The two girls were then led out, taylor walking two steps behind the captive duo. Megan could hardly believe that she could no longer see her legs no matter how she looked Down. All she saw was her fattened tummy, bouncing from the high liquid contents in its interior. Beside her carol was crying, her body fighting against her will as each step made life worse for the fattened cunt.

Finally, the two cunts were brought to the girls shower room where they were asked to put on some very minimal clothing. Then they were led out to the waiting area. Megan, as so often in the past, began to think the omens were not good. She felt she was right when she saw two couples begin to walk in.

The first was Carol's parents, followed by her own. Megan's tummy did a flip flop ,making the pressure almost unbearable. Her parents came near, and stopped dead when they saw her bloated tummy, in no way concealable by the skimpy top and shorts.

Taylor smiled, and In a swift motion pulled the plug out, in another she was turned around, her ass facing her shocked parents. Megan held on, against all odds, refusing to be humiliated, to do what Taylor desired. time stopped still, and she felt she was winning.&nbsp; She sighed in relief: the dam burst.

As waves of relief washed over the distended tummy, waves of ass fluids flew out of the poor cunt s asshole, making waves in the air before crashing into her parents clothes. Her ass clenched and released time and again, vomiting fluids it was never meant to hold. And each landed in rythmic motion on her father's suit, her mother's dress, her humiliation splattered over every concievable surface. Unnoticed by her, carol had begun as well, making for two fountains spraying water all over their parents. 

finally, exhausted, megan collapsed, her knees and then her body landing in her own refuse, in her own humiliation. For a minute time again stood still, and then it hit her. She'd just crapped in front of her parents. She'd always tried to be the ideal girl, the ideal daughter. Now it lay ruined with her parents soggy clothes and her own nudity. She'd exposed herself to the one part of her existence that she'd been most desperate to conceal her degradation from. She was no longer their daughter,, she'd become a whore in everyone's eyes. 

(To be continued )


















Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Pandorius999


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





