BDSM Library - The Sisters




The Sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Extreme Toyland's mistress Lisa branches out with an addition to her company. She visits a newly created production room to witness its test run: a scene in which mistress Jane pushes twin sisters well over their limits with uncomfortable restraints, inventive suspension, electro-torture and pins and needles. Three chapters.






The Sisters
by DolorDelectatio

- Synopsis -

Extreme Toyland's mistress Lisa branches out with an addition to her company. She visits a newly created production room to witness its test run: a scene in which mistress Jane pushes twin sisters well over their limits with uncomfortable restraints, inventive suspension, electro-torture and pins and needles. Three chapters.

This story was written by author DolorDelectatio. Unfortunately his previous stories are scattered around this website until the webmasters process his request to bring all stories written under the names BruisedNipples and DolorDelectatio together on one page.
Read them here:
http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/author.php?authorid=3334
http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/author.php?authorid=3414
http://www.bdsmlibrary.com/stories/author.php?authorid=3445

- Prologue - 

Mistress Lisa walked down the hallway to her new production room. Since the massive success of Extreme Toyland, she launched a spin-off called Extreme Dolls. ET was now a premium service with exclusive content featuring Lisa herself and her live-in toys. Extreme Dolls on the other hand, was a commercial service paying top dollar for extreme bdsm content featuring paid models. All material was still shot at Lisa's mansion and while she still had the option to veto scenes, shoots and videos, she wasn't really involved in the production. Still, she was curious to find out how today's test run would pan out.

The concept was a simple matchmaking service. Extreme Toyland subscribers were asked to post their fantasies and scene requests on the web site, along with a cash offer they'd be willing to pay to see their scene acted out. These postings were then turned into job offerings for anyone who would like to act out said fantasy for an X amount of cash. Basically, an "Extreme Doll"&nbsp; was a female sub who got a kick out of undergoing/fulfilling someone's depraved sadistic sexual fantasies. Of course the models had to be female and over eighteen, but that was really the only restriction, since ET Productions covered travel costs as well.

There was a lot of money to be made between the web site subscriptions and the money offered by sadistic enthusiasts. The only pitfalls were some legal intricacies regarding consensuality contracts. ET's legal representatives had been hard at work at straightening out some bumps in the road.

The spacious new production room was just perfect. With a 16-feet-high ceiling, it found a perfect balance between play space and camera angles. Half of the room was dedicated to action, the other half was used for production storage. Right in the middle of it stood a 15 foot high brick wall. The concrete floor tapered down to a large grated drain in the middle of the play space. At least this space would be easy to hose down and clean up after a session.


- Chapter One - 

"How are things coming along, Julia?" Lisa asked a tall dark-haired woman who was testing a system used to lift and lower a big metal cube hanging from chains in the middle of the play space. Julia stopped what she was doing and looked up. "Just great," she replied.

"Oh boy, you're going to use the Dropper?" Lisa asked.

"Yeah, I just tested its response time. It crashes to the floor in the blink of an eye. And we can pull it back up within twenty seconds."

"How much does that thing weigh again?"

"About 200 pounds, so we can get very inventive with it." Julia chuckled. "Everything's ready. We should be able to start our test run in a few minutes. The girls are in wardrobe right now."

"I'll check on them," Lisa said. "Looks good so far, I'll stick around an watch a bit if you don't mind." 

"Be my guest," Julia replied and tended to her equipment again. Lisa walked over to the next room, the wardrobe and makeup department.

"Hey girls, you ready?" she asked as she walked into the wardrobe room. Three girls stopped what they were doing and looked at Lisa. Two of them were naked, seated in front of a large mirror, the third was getting dressed in a red latex outfit. 

"Hey Jane," she addressed the girl in latex, "you crackin' the whip today?"

"Yeah, should be fun," the girl answered. "I got these two sluts to work on today." She fixed her cupless corset and turned to face Lisa. "Are you going to stick around and watch for a bit?"

Lisa paused for a few seconds and eyed her apprentice from top to bottom. Jane looked delicious in her red latex outfit. Her long straight blonde hair framed her pale, freckle-dotted face. She wore heavy makeup around her dark brown eyes and her lips were painted bright red. The red color matched her cupless corset, which, unfortunately, covered her amazing toned abs and tiny waist. Her tight latex pants and matching thigh-high boots also obscured the distinctive snake tattoo on her left leg.

"You look great," Lisa said, "And yes, I'll watch for a bit. What's on the menu?"

"It's still a bit of surprise for them," Jane replied. "Here," she said as she handed a sheet of paper to Lisa, "feel free to check out the script. All they know is that it'll be pretty rough."

Lisa's eyes went over the script. It was pretty short and contained only pointers as to the position of two girls and which instruments to use on their specific body parts.

Lisa looked over to the two naked girls in front of the mirror. They were fixing each other's makeup and looked scarily alike in the face, but had totally different body types. Both brunettes stopped what they were doing and looked back at Lisa, who asked "Girls, you know this is a special day, right?" 

The girls didn't say anything back, but both nodded. 

"You know who I am?" Lisa asked.

Again no sound from the girls. They looked puzzled.

"My name is Lisa and I own this place. This is where I make my fantasies a reality and make a lot of money in the process." She paused for a second, then continued: "Damn, you girls almost have the same face," Lisa exclaimed. 

The girls giggled. "We're twins".

"You don't say!" Lisa said. She looked at the two. Their faces ware almost identical, but the one on the right was much skinnier than the one on the left. "Stand up, please!" Lisa asked.

The girls did as they were told and Lisa saw how the skinny girl was at least 6 inches taller than her sister. While she was much taller, her cup size was considerably smaller. She was a B-cup at best, with her curvier sister sporting at least full D's. Both were very tan and were hairless from their necks down. 

"An interesting pair," Lisa thought. "How old are you and how'd you girls find out about us here?" she wanted to know.

"We're nineteen," the skinny girl replied. "My name is Anne and her name is Leah. We replied to your casting call on the web site a few weeks ago. We could really use the money." 

"You'll earn it," Lisa replied, "Jane here is a tough one."


- Chapter Two -

Not much later, Leah and Anne found themselves on stage in the production room. The sisters were warned. They knew this scene was going to feature some harsh restraints and some crude, brutal punishment that would certainly leave some marks, bruises and scars on their bodies. Nevertheless they consented and there was no way back now. 

They were standing next to each other in the middle of the playspace. Jane had instructed them to stand a few yards away from a metal ring that was bolted to the floor. The only thing they'd seen when they walked in was that there was a rope threaded through the ring and up to another ring that hung from the ceiling, where the rope was connected to a large metal cube.

Lisa watched as Jane stepped behind Anne and told her to interlock her fingers behind her head. The girl did as she was told and Jane ran her fingers over the skinny girl's ribcage, up to her nipples and back down again. On the second pass, Jane squeezed the nipples hard, making Anne squeal for a second. Jane let go and walked in front of the girl, grabbed the nipples again and pulled Anne down hard on her knees. 

Anne tried to compose herself, keeping her fingers interlocked behind her head as Jane picked up a zipper with alligator clamps. The zipper was about three feet long and it featured six clamps, a swivel eye snap hook and another six clamps. Two clamps on each end of the zipper went on each of Anne's nipples, then Jane clipped the two clamps closest left and right of the snap hook on her toy's outer labia, neatly spacing them out. The girl was moaning but trying to refrain from screaming out. 

"Hmmpf, I can feel you're already getting wet," Jane said, sliding her fingers between Anne's clamped pussy lips. "And we've only just begun."

Jane clamped the remaining four alligators in random places on the girl's skinny belly, wherever she could find a skin fold to sink their teeth in. After a soft tug on the snap hook between Anne's pussy lips, she instructed her toy to kneel to her sister's side, head down, keeping her hands behind her head until she was told otherwise.

Next, Jane started prepping Leah by handcuffing the girl's wrists behind her back. Leah turned around to face Jane again, who started binding off Leah's breasts with what looked like a thin rope. It was in fact a metal wire. Jane bound her doll's boobs very tight, digging the wire into the skin. It made Leah's boobs bulge and in the process, Jane made sure that a metal ring was attached to the top side of each breast. 

After each breast was individually wrapped tight at the base with the thin wire, Jane pulled on the rings that she wrapped in as well. They seemed to be securely connected to the wires. 

While Leah's breasts already started to turn a nice shade of dark red from the tight binding, Jane took a length of metal wire to tie Leah's elbows tightly together, digging the wire deep into the girl's arms. Leah was unable to move her arms now. Jane helped the girl lie on her back and bound arms. 

Then she walked away to pick up some supplies. She came back with a wide spreader bar and two handcuffs. 

"Ooh, these are going to leave some nasty marks, I'm sure," she cooed. "No comfortable leather ankle cuffs for you today, my dear!" Within seconds, Jane fitted the simple yet effective metal handcuffs tightly around Leah's ankles. The other side of the cuffs went through eyebolts at the opposite ends of the spreader bar.

"I'll help you a little by lifting your legs for you," Jane said as she walked over to the control box for one of the many color-coded winches that were fitted to the ceiling. She picked the green one and lowered its hook until it was about one foot above the floor next to Leah. Next, she fitted a thick metal chain with snap hooks on both ends between the eye bolts on the spreader bar between Leah's ankles and connected the hook from the winch to the chain. 

Jane walked over to the green winch control box again and slowly pulled the hook up a little more than three feet. This hoisted Leah's legs a little into the air, leaving the girl hanging upside-down with her head and shoulders resting on the floor. Then she went to fetch some supplies.

She returned with a tray featuring two dildos, a big tube of lubricant and some other small things. First she showed a metal dildo to Leah. "I'm going to fit you with this one in your pussy first. The other one will fill your ass." 

The girl's eyes widened at the sight of the dildo. It was huge, at least 8 inches long and two inches wide in some parts, and on top of that, the surface of the thing was far from smooth. The dildo was covered in rows of very short and blunt studs and spikes. Jane covered it in lubricant and knelt down next to her sub. 

Using two fingers at first, she started rubbing lube between Leah's pussy lips, slowly working her way inside. She added more lube and fingers until she was able to slide her whole hand in and out. Leah's soft moans and writhing body gave away her arousal.

"Enjoy it while it lasts," Jane whispered as she positioned the spiked dildo against her sub's pussy, "I don't think this thing is too comfortable for too long."

With slow but steady strokes, most of the dildo disappeared within moments, but Jane was left with little over an inch of the tube sticking out, seemingly unable to push it all the way in while her now almost crying sub breathed heavily and started to make some more noise.

"Hmm, seems like I hit a speedbump," she commented. "Let's see if I can convince it to go a little deeper". With a swift motion and without warning, she pulled the thing all the way out, evoking a loud shriek from Leah. Jane walked away with the slime-and-lube-covered dildo, only to return with it seconds later. In her other hand, she held another tube of lubricant and a small hammer with a rubber head.

Jane put down the hammer and the dildo and parted Leah's pussy lips with one hand. With the other, she stuck the opening of the tube in between her fingers and squeezed half of the contents of the tube into her sub's gaping pussy.&nbsp; 

"Hopefully that'll be enough, my dear," she said as she picked up the dildo and hammer from the floor. "In any case, I'll make sure that it will&nbsp; go fully in this time."

Without any further delay, Jane pushed the brutal dildo into Leah's pussy. Some of the lube squirted out. It dripped down Leah's stomach onto her tied breasts. Again, the dildo did not go in all the way. "Time for the hammer, I guess," Jane laughed. "I need to make sure this thing won't slip out later." 

Leah cried out in pain as it took Jane about six or seven hits with the hammer before the dildo went all the way in, its blunt spikes grating the deepest depths of her pussy, inducing instant nausea for the girl. "Finally!" Jane yelled as she got up. "That took a while, we don't have all day, y'know!". She walked over to the tray she had brought in earlier and fetched some stuff from it. 

She partly unrolled a length of electrical wire while she walked back over to her sub. "I'm going to make you dance later on. Going to send some nice jolts of electricity through that thing up your cunt!" she enlightened Leah, who looked genuinely terrified. It didn't take long before the plugs from the wire were inserted into the e-stim dildo. Jane unrolled the wire long enough for the rest of the roll to fall on the floor next to Leah's shoulders.

"Nice, we're almost done," she said, running her nails down Leah's thighs. "Let's make sure this dildo won't slip out prematurely." She patted her hands on her sub's pussy lips where the electro plugs were sticking out. Then she turned around, grabbed some things from her tray, and came back again.

On her way over, she ordered Anne to turn and face her sister. "But keep your fingers interlocked behind your head at all times, or you'll regret it!"

Anne did as she was told but kept her head mostly down as to avoid looking at her sister who was hanging upside down. 

"I need you to hold these pins for me, dear, but You can't use your hands." Jane showed Anne the handful of large safety pins she was holding. Anne looked puzzled, but not for long.

"Tits up!" Jane yelled, adding: "Or whatever silly excuse for tits you may call yours! Be glad you have a good pair of nipples, or you'd be useless to me."

Anne did as she was told, pushing her chest up and out. It made the zipper and alligator clamps tug a little.

Jane opened the first of the safety pins and stabbed the pointy end into Anne's left breast, hard enough to make it stick. Anne shrieked and brought her hands down to protect her chest. Almost instantly, Jane slapped her in the face. Anne cried and started sobbing. "Please, I beg you, stop, stop, STOP! Please it hurts!" She looked down at her tormented tits with two alligator clamps on each nipple and now also a safety pin stabbed in, wondering what would come next if she'd continue to play the bratty sub.

Puzzled and irritated by this sudden outburst of disobedience and protests, Jane slapped Anne in the face again, harder this time. It seemed to shut her up for a second, though her sobs continued.

"What the fuck?!," Jane yelled. She was wondering if this was an act or if the girl was really terrified of pins and needles. She wasn't going to tone down her scene. And it featured plenty of pins. 

"Shut up, cunt! You let your hands go, that'll cost you dearly!" 

"But mistress, please, it was a mistake, it won't happen again!" Anne sobbed, shyly looking up to Jane.

"I really don't like your pleas for mercy. You won't get any, so shut the hell up," Jane replied in all seriousness. "Now get back in position!"

Anne composed herself again, placed her hands behind her head and pushed her breasts up and out again. She closed her eyes and braced herself for the next stab, which came quickly in her other breast.

"Oooowwwwwwwwwwww!" Anne's hands came down again. "Please, please, please, don't do this to me!"

"Shut up, cunt!"

"Please, mistress! I can't take it. Please stop!" Anne continued sobbing and pleady for mercy

"I said shut the fuck up, you dumb slut!" Jane dropped her safety pins on the concrete floor and stepped away to fetch some handcuffs. When she returned, she also held a forceps.

Anne was still sobbing when Jane returned. The mistress dropped one of the handcuffs on the floor and pulled both of Anne's arms behind her back, quickly cuffing them at the wrist with the other pair of handcuffs she'd brought in. Then she picked up one of the five remaining safety pins from the floor.

"I'm done with your disobedience," Jane shouted at Anne, "and I've had enough of your screams and pleas as well!" 

"But mistress," Anne wanted to push it even further.

"Stick out your tongue, you piece of shit!" Jane commanded.

"Please!!"

That was it for Jane, who really had enough of this game. She slapped Anne hard in the face with the forceps, then commanded her one last time to stick her tongue out and hold it out. 

When Anne finally complied, Jane grabbed both the girl's lips and her tongue with the forceps, crushing them together. "Let's put an end to all this talking once and for all!"

The forceps was locked tight and allowed Jane to let go for a moment. She opened the safety pin she'd just picked up and put her hand back on the forceps, pulling it a little forward. "If this won't shut my little slut up, I don't know what I'll have to do next," Jane said as she slowly pushed the sharp end of the pin through Anne's lips and tongue. Anne made a lot of noise and it took Jane several seconds of forceful pushing to get the pin through. Jane quickly closed the clasp on the safety pin and slapped Anne in the face once again. "Now keep quiet!" she hissed.

Unable to move her tongue, Anne made some grunting sounds, but she didn't make much of a fuzz anymore. Jane picked up the remaining pins and stuck them one by one into Anne's chest after the girl pushed her clamped tits up and out again.

"Wow, that took much longer than necessary," Jane commented. "Where was I? Oh yeah, that dildo needs some securing."

Jane turned her attention to Leah again and checked if the dildo was still in place. It hadn't moved an inch. Jane pulled on Leah's outer labia, stretching them up and out with the forceps she had just used on Anne's lips.

She found that she could easily grab both pussy lips together and pulled one of the safety pins out of Anne's tits. 

"Now I hope you'll hold still better than your sister, or you'll regret it as well!" Jane told Leah, before pushing the pin through her clamped labia.

Leah gritted her teeth and did her best to fare much better than her sister, even though the sharp pain from the safety pin and the nausea from the dildo were hard to deal with.

Four safety pins later, Jane was satisfied with the way she secured that dildo in place. She ran her fingers over Leah's sewn-up cuntlips and made sure the electrical wires were ok. They were fine.

"Dear, remember how I said 'Nice, we're almost done' before?" Jane asked Leah. "Well, I'm sorry it has taken so long, I wasn't counting on your stubborn sister's antics. Now let me plug your other holes and we're ready to send you flying!"

Before long, Leah was fitted with an inflated dildo in her ass and a fairly large rubber ball gag in her mouth. She was a little relieved, totally expecting Jane to hammer another one of those electro dildos in her ass. She wasn't sure if she could have taken it all the way in and just shivered at the thought of Jane securing it in a similar fashion as she'd done with the one in her pussy.

Jane gave her a small rubber ball with a thin chain attached to it. The chain was secured to Leah's right thumb and was meant to make sure that she wouldn't drop the ball. Jane told her: "Hold on to that ball, dear. Don't drop it and don't accidentally squeeze it. I'll tell you a little more about it in a little bit."


-Chapter Three-

"Finally," Jane exclaimed, "foreplay is over. Now let's get some fun and games started!"

She walked over to her green winch control box and held the "up"-button long enough to lift Leah all the way in the air. She didn't stop until Leah's head was at least four feet from the floor. "I hope you're hanging comfortably now," she said, "cause it's going to get quite uncomfortable from now on." 

Leah was far from comfortable. Her arms and shoulders hurt, the handcuffs cut into her ankles and hanging upside down with a large ball gag in her mouth didn't help her nausea one bit. Suddenly, a sharp pain to her left breast distracted her from her position and nausea. Jane smacked a riding crop down on her nipples. 

"Hey, no zoning out!" she said. "Look at those nice round tits of yours. They're almost popping from the tight wires!" Jane walked up to her and tugged on the rings that were wrapped in with the metal wire. "Gotta make sure that wire won't slip off later, dear, I got just the thing for it. Hang on!" 

She chuckled as she walked away for a moment. When she came back, she pushed a table on wheels next to Leah and Anne. It was stocked with supplies and equipment. 

Jane took a small medical hammer from the table and also brought a fairly thick eight inch long meat skewer with her. "Gotta make sure that wire won't slip off later," she repeated as she positioned the sharp end of the skewer right against the metal wire that compressed the base of Leah's left breast. 

Leah screamed into her gag as Jane hammered the skewer halfway into her breast. Then after a few more hits, the tip of the skewer poked against the skin on the other side and finally broke through, neatly against the wire binding on that end. 

Some might argue that a single skewer that thick would suffice as a back stop against the metal wire slipping off when weight would be added to the rings wrapped in by them. But not Jane. Her nickname wasn't 'Miss Crazy J.' for nothing. When she was done securing her back stops, the crying Leah had six skewers neatly hammered through each of her bound tits: three from top to bottom and three from left to right. There was surprisingly little blood. Yet. 

Jane inspected her work and tugged somewhat harder on the rings. The back stop seemed to work fine. Suddenly she was distracted by Leah's perfect nipples. "God, you girls have the most amazing nipples, you know that?" she asked, knowing full well that neither girl could answer. "Do you stretch them or something? They are so long..." Jane rolled Leah's hard nipples between her thumb and index finger. She just couldn't pass up the opportunity to play with such magnificent nubs. 

Jane grabbed a handful of tie-rips from her well-stocked cart and tightly wrapped two of them around Leah's areoles. "A shame I didn't do this before I wrapped them with wire," she thought. She tightened them as much as she could and added another band midway between the first tie-wrap and the tips of Leah's nipples. Compressed like this, both nipples easily measured an inch in length. 

Jane decorated them with four 10 gauge needles each, sticking two straight in from the front in each nipple and one pin from left to right through her sub's areoles. She made sure the four inch needles went in about halfway from the front and she pushed the ones from left to right all the way through. To finish it off, she connected electrical wire with alligator clamps as connectors to the pins in Leah's nipples. 

Seemingly done with Leah for now, Jane addressed Anne again, telling her to stand up. The girl barely managed to keep her balance with the alligator clamp zipper on her chest and labia and her hands cuffed behind her back. 

"Look at your sister, doesn't she look beautiful?" Jane asked. Anne did not move. "Did you see what I did with her? Let me summarize it for you. But keep in mind that whatever amount of pain you think she must be in, yours will eventually be greater for the lack of respect you showed me earlier!"

"She's hanging beautifully upside down, with rough metal handcuffs on her ankles. She has an inflatable buttplug in her ass and a spiked metal dildo in her cunt. I had to hammer it in and close up her pussy with safety pins to make sure the dildo won't slip out. There's electrical wires connected to it, so I can fry her pussy later on. Next up are her tits. She thinks they are in pain now, but soon she'll know different. I tied her big tits off at the base with metal wire and made sure I wrapped them as tightly as I could. You can also see I wrapped in a metal ring in the wires on each tit and that I used some meat skewers to ensure that the metal wire will not slip off. Also, I decorated her delicious nipples with some embedded pins also going a couple inches into her titmeat from the front. The dildo and pins are prepared to send nice shocks of electricity into her body. And finally, she's holding a small rubber ball that she is not allowed to squeeze or drop."

"And now it's your turn to be decorated, but first I'll put you into position and make you dance for me." Jane uncuffed Anne and pushed her towards her sister. "Kneel under her," Jane commanded as she walked over to her cart. 

Anne knelt down under her sister and waited for Jane to return. The mistress came back with two metal handcuffs. She snapped them onto Anne's wrists, but did not lock her sub's wrists together. Instead, she used one handcuff on each of Anne's hands and locked the other end on the rings connected to the wires on Leah's tits. She took the roll of electrical wire that was connected to Leah's dildo and unrolled another five feet or so. 

Anne was a little confused, but realized what was going on when Jane used the green winch control box again to pull Leah higher up. Anne was pulled from her knees to the point where she could barely stand on the tips of her toes. Then Jane let go of the winch controls and stepped away for a moment to fetch another spreader bar. When she came back, she also brought a riding crop. 

Jane dropped the supplies in front of Anne and walked around the two suspended sisters, checking out her work so far. It looked like the setup was working fine. The pull on Leah's tits wasn't that great yet, but Jane was sure the wires would stay wrapped in place, especially with the skewers ready to carry some of the pressure. 

Jane first took the riding crop and started smacking it down on Anne's heels. The girl instantly tried to pull her feet away, losing her balance and putting more of her weight on her sister's tits. Jane waited for her to regain her composure and struck again. Anne screamed but her sounds were muffled by the safety pin through her lips and tongue. Small trickles of blood ran down Anne's heels to the floor. The sharp little pins in the tip of the crop had broken her skin already. 

This dance continued for a few moments, until Jane decided it was time to really test Anne's endurance skills. Anne received an adjustable spreader bar between her ankles. When it was in place, she was no longer able to stand on her toes, she was now fully dangling from her sister's bound tits. Jane made sure the bar was adjusted to the maximum width Anne's legs could be pushed, and then pushed a little more. 

Jane used a second winch to lower another hook from the ceiling. This one came down behind the suspended girls. The spreader bar between Anne's legs was connected to the hook and pulled backwards and up, tilting her body at a 45 degree angle. 

"Now let's see what you're made of," Jane said to Anne as she walked to her supply cart. She pushed it right next to the girls and picked up a reasonably heavy weight. She showed it to Anne. "See this little cube? It weighs exactly a pound. There are a whole lot more of those on my cart. One by one, I'm going to hang them from the eyelet on your zipper. At some point, all twelve alligator clamps will be ripped off by the weights. Until then, I will whip you with my spiked riding crop. So you better get ready, slut!"

Anne's eyes widened. She wasn't sure if she could deal with all this. Fine, she had seen Extreme Toyland's web content and had masturbated to stuff like Daphne's Judas Cradle session, but her nipples were on fire already from the alligator clamps, she couldn't imagine them being ripped off with weights, it would destroy her. 

Jane didn't waste much time and hung the first weight from the eyelet on the zipper. It hung conveniently smack in the middle between Anne's clamped pussy lips. While it immediately provided quite a bit of pull, it didn't rip any of the alligators off of Anne's body.

Jane grabbed her spiked riding crop again and stroked between Anne's pussy lips with it's tip. Then she smacked it hard upon the girl's opened pussy. Anne started crying, but that didn't stop Jane from working her out.

The riding crop featured a small but thick leather flap at its end. Both sides of the flap had a fair amount of small but very sharp needle-like metal pins sticking out. With every smack, it would break the skin with numerous tiny puncture holes. Anne received smacks on her thighs and exposed torso, all around the alligator clamps and the zipper. With repeated hits on the same areas, blood started to trickle out of the puncture wounds very quickly. 

"Good girl!" Jane cooed. "And no more pleas from you, I'm impressed!" she laughed. "Let's see if you're ready for another weight!"

Jane walked up to her sub and stuck her fingers between Anne's pussy lips. "Ah-ha! You dirty little slut. You're dripping wet!" Jane rubbed Anne's blood and pussy juices off on a clean part of the girl's thighs and then picked up another weight to add to the zipper.

"I'm going to add one now," Jane said to her sub. "I want to see how much it stretches those nice pussy lips of yours."

The second weight added some serious pull to the alligator clamps on Anne's pussy lips. They were stretched out nicely. Jane picked up her devilish crop again and started smacking down on Anne's stretched outer labia. Within moments, blood drops started forming on the girl's tight skin and this was Jane's cue to move on to lesser explored territory.

With Anne hanging at a 45 degree angle with her legs pulled up behind her, it was pretty much impossible for Jane to target her sub's buttcheeks. She went for Anne's b-cup tits instead.

Jane aimed at the bare flesh around Anne's areoles, but didn't really try to avoid the alligator clamps that were biting deep into the girl's nipples. With four or five smacks on each tit, Jane managed to get her skin to bleed profusely with drops of blood trickling out of the dozens of puncture wounds and running down Anne's abdomen. 

Jane stepped back for a second to admire her work and then smacked her crop hard against the underside of Anne's boobs a couple more times before deciding to step things up again.

"I'm going to dangle another weight now," Jane said again. "Let's see if your pussy can take it!"

With the third weight added, Anne's pussy lips were stretched out quite to their limit. These were very strong clamps, but Jane noticed that even with the sharp metal teeth, the clamps started to drag down a little and she was sure that with more added weight, they would rip off.

Zippers were most definitely the most fun when pulled off at once with one strong sudden tug and Jane was going to do just that. But first she needed to pay some attention to her other sub, Leah, who was still suspended upside down with her skinny twin sister hanging from her bound tits. 

Mistress Jane picked up the ends of the electric wire that she had previously connected to the metal dildo and the pins in her sub's nipples and connected them to an electrical unit. When all three circuits were ready to go, she started the machine at a medium setting, sending continuous waves of electrical current up Leah's pussy and through her nipples. The sub wriggled a little and moaned into her gag, but her movement was severely constrained by her bondage.

Jane shifted her attention to her bratty sub again and was happy to see that Leah's movement combined with the weights on Anne's zipper had not made anything rip off yet.

"You saw the big hanging cube when you came in, didn't you?" Jane asked her sub. Of course Anne wasn't able to say anything back. "It's connected to that rope running all the way across this room. I only have to press one button and it will drop down to the floor. Do you have any idea how heavy it is?"

Jane paused as if she was waiting for Anne to answer her questions.

"I'm told it weighs more than 200 pounds! We had a special system installed to raise it up to where it's at now. But I have a remote control that will drop that cube instantly. Give me a moment and I will demonstrate it for you girls!"

Jane unclipped the snap hook that connected the long rope to the ring in the floor. She pulled the rope through the ring and up to Anne's crotch. The poor girl's eyes widened at the sight. She knew exactly what was coming.

Anne frantically shook her head and made a lot of noise, trying to get Jane to change her mind about what she was going to do. But it was futile. Soon enough, Jane clipped the snaphook on the rope to the snaphook on the zipper, right above the three dangling weights. The rope was almost stretched out with a few inches to spare.

Jane picked up a small white device resembling a tv remote and walked back to Anne. "See that red light there?" Anne calmed down a bit, but not much. "I'm going to ask your sister to squeeze the small rubber ball that's in her hand right now. Watch the device!"

Jane then asked Leah to give her ball a squeeze. As soon as she did, the red light on the small device turned green.

"Squeeze again!"

The light turned red again. 

"Now here's the deal," Jane said, addressing Leah: "I'm going to increase the electric shocks to your pussy and tits to very uncomfortable levels. I want to see how tough you really are. If you can't take it any more, you can always squeeze that small rubber ball. The electricity will stop, but -- as soon as my little light turns green, I will drop the heavy cube and rip the zipper off your sister's body."

Leah's pain was nauseating already and she had no idea how she would be able to withstand even higher levels of electricity. As soon as Jane adjusted the program of the electrical unit, the thought of just pressing the button crossed Leah's mind.

It took another minute or so of sharp stinging jolts of pain that enveloped her whole body, not just her sore pussy and pierced tits, but she squeezed her rubber ball pretty quickly to just make the electricity stop.

The light turned green and Jane showed her small device to Anne. "I better step aside for a second, don't you think?" she said to her terrified sub. 

Jane flipped a switch next to the red light and within a second the weight came crashing down. The heavy object forcefully pulled the rope with it and within the blink of an eye, the alligator clamp zipper was pulled from Anne's body to the large metal ring in the floor. 

If played back in slow-motion, the drop of the weight and the subsequent pull on Anne's zipper showed that the clamps on Anne's stretched labia came off first, after stretching the girl's pussy lips to their max. They were followed quickly by the alligators that were clamped on skin folds on her abdomen. The clamps on her nipples were the last to be ripped off and they stretched her small tits down a few inches before snapping off. The alligator clamps had taken the top layers of Anne's skin with them and the girl's skin started bleeding heavily in the spots where they'd been placed.

Anne cried and wailed hysterically through her sewn up lips. She trashed in her suspension, causing her sister even greated discomfort. After two seconds the sounds of chains rattling indicated that the cube was lifted up in the air again immediately.

"Oh, did that hurt??" Jane cooed, "Remember I warned you that you would be punished for your disobedience? Well, get ready for another round, cause I'm clipping those clamps back on and we'll see how you like the zipper the second time around. 

Anne was too stricken to realize what was going on. The pain in her nipples and pussy lips was excruciating.

Miss Crazy Jane walked over to the ring that was bolted to the floor and pulled the rope and zipper back towards Anne. She unclipped the zipper from the rope and started rubbing her sub's tortured nipples. They were covered in blood and Jane tried to wipe some of it away to determine where to clip the alligators for the second round. She decided to clip the teeth from left to right this time, as the first round had been top to bottom. That way, the zipper would be able to grab some "fresh" skin. 

It was easier to find new skin folds for the alligator clamps on the girl's stomach and Jane just clipped them next to the wounds of the first round. The ones on Anne's labia went on the top and on the bottom, since the middle of each pussy lip had already been grated by the clamps. When she had the zipper in place, Jane connected the pulling rope again and took a few steps back.

"Hush now dear, just one more time. And I won't tease you with smaller weights anymore now," she told Anne. "This is for being a disobedient little cunt. Should have kept your filthy mouth shut when I told you to!"

With those words, Jane flipped the switch again and ripped the alligator zipper from Anne's body for the second time. 

-The end-





































Review This Story
 || Email Author:     DolorDelectatio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





