BDSM Library - Slavivarsary




Slavivarsary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  On the anniversary of the taking of one of her slaves the Mistress and her two slaves reflect on the last year of their lives.






Slaviversary
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

Author's Note:
This is a series of three stories (The last subdivided into two parts), telling the events of the past year from the view of each one of the three main characters. There will be repeating of several key events from the perspectives of at least one of the other main characters.

Happy reading my friends ~ Loras Pa6

-----

It was days like today that made me regret retiring as a professional dominatrix and returning to the world of business finance. Nothing went the way it was supposed to. I was definitely glad to be home so I could be comforted by my servants.

I entered the house from the garage and my anger doubled at what I saw; only one of my two slaves were at the door waiting for me. My loyal slave kissed my shoes as I entered. "Welcome home Mistress."

"Thank you little boy. Where the hell is the slut? After my day I will beat her senseless for not greeting me at the door!"

"Mistress please, if you are to punish anyone for the slut not being here it should be little boy."

"She does not deserve your protection." I hissed. 

He cringed at my tone but was steadfast in his conviction, which was surprising in its own right. "The slut is not here because little boy directed her to keep cooking Mistress, the slut is preparing a special meal in honor of today. It is little boy's fault the slut is not here and he should be the one punished."

I went to the living room, my slave boy followed me on his knees, he was probably too scared of my mood to assume he could walk behind me like normal. His stainless steel collar, a bracelet, and chastity tube are the only things he is wearing on his hairless body. He remained kneeling as I sat in my chair. My curiosity was piqued. "What is special about today little boy?"

He looked up at me with a hurt expression. "The slut said you would not remember today, little boy did not believe her." He hung his head. "Mistress, today is the anniversary of the day you kidnapped little boy and made him your slave. So little boy planned a special meal of some of your favorite foods to thank you for taking me, even if little boy did not understand at the time what happiness you would give him."

"Ohh that's so sweet little boy! The slut was correct, with all my slave clients, I had never considered to even remember the dates of their enslavement." I smiled at him, which brightened his mood. That joy was so different from the day I first saw him.

-----

I was at a higher end bar in town, scouting for perspective clients. It was one of my preferred hunting grounds for personal reasons. I had a knack of finding wealthy or successful men and women with submissive tendencies, which made my competition jealous. I truly was strictly a straight woman, but a client was a client, and since I had a strict no intercourse rule, I was just tying, torturing, or teasing my clients, so in my mind that did not go against my sexual preferences to dominate a woman. 

A diminutive and nervous man approached the bar and ordered a drink. When he left I signaled the bartender over.

"What's that guy's story Marv?"

"He's not your kinda guy Chris. Mediocre job, no money, and a runt at that."

I mused he was indeed tiny, especially compared to me. If he was lucky, he was 5'-5" and petite, kind of cute but not handsome. I myself was 6'-1 1/2" tall without heels (which was a rare occurrence). I was very fit 33 year old, with a strict exercise regimen, and black belts in karate and tae-kwon-do. "Tell me more Marv; I'm not thinking about him as a client." I said as I twirled my auburn hair and thought about how weak he looked.

"Shit, you're on that live-in slave kick again aren't ya?" I gave him a glare. "Okay! He lives in the building around the corner, that's the only reason he comes here, definitely doesn't fit in or socialize with our regular business class set. He is some sort of commercial artist. Straight as far as I can tell, but too shy to even try to shoot for any of the women that come here. Not that he stood a chance. Comes in gets a few beers and/or mixed drinks and leaves." A customer at the far end of the bar called for a drink. "Look Chris, I like you and all but I won't get involved in your plans to seduce the poor sap into submission." 

As he walked away to serve the other man he never saw the evil grin or heard my response. "I'm not going to seduce him at all."


A week later the little man was surprised when he got dragged into an alley by a shadowy figure. He was subdued by one good hit to his stomach; he never even got a chance to fight back. I quickly injected the tranquilizer in him as he struggled to breathe again. I carried him back to my car with ease.

In my 'dungeon' I set him up in the isolation cell. His new home was a 10 foot square room that was heavily soundproofed from the rest of my dungeon, with only the heavy door to mark any of the walls. This was going to be his home for the time being. Securing him away from my paying clients, making it so he could not communicate with them was paramount. I could watch him through closed circuit cameras, and talk to him through a speaker mounted high in the ceiling.

Hanging in the middle of the room was a chain and special collar. I locked the collar around the little man's neck and emptied his pockets. I left him on the floor to wake in his own time closing the door behind me. In my den I inspected his belonging; apartment and car keys, wallet, and cell phone. I took the battery out of the phone removing the chance of it being tracked. Opening his wallet I found his license, revealing his name: Keith Urnst. 'Time to do some research.' I thought as I started my computer.


I heard him yelling for release when I got out of the shower. I looked at him on the TV and thought of how I was going to break his spirit. The thought made me smile that evil grin my customers fear the most. I went to my work closet to choose the outfit that would instill in him the right mixture of lust and fear.

I watched him for a few minutes from the security screen next to the door of the cell. I turned on the speakers and pressed the microphone button. "Take off all your clothes now."

He looked around for the source of the voice, in the featureless room, with the volume set so high, my voice must have echoed around him.

"Hello? Please let me go, I'll give you whatever you want."

"I want you to take off your clothes."

"Listen lady, I don't have much, but what I do....AHHHHHHH!" The shock from his collar dropped him to his knees. Right where I like my men.

"Strip or I double the voltage." He hastily unbuttoned his shirt and took off his pants. "All of it boy, then toss it all in front of the door."

He did as instructed, but was still trying to talk his way out. "What did I do to you lady?"

I opened the door and stooped to take his clothes. I turned to toss them into the hall when I heard the chain snap taunt, followed by a grunt.

"Sorry boy, but it is too short for you to reach the walls. Not that you stand a chance against me even if you had the element of surprise."

He surveyed me, starting at my black 5 inch heeled knee boots, black leather skirt, topped with a matching tight-laced corset with my natural C-size breast resting in cups that barely covered my nipples, black satin elbow length gloves, all topped with a very concealing mask that only shown my lips in their pitch black lipstick, and bright brown eyes. The look of utter disbelief and fear was in his eyes when he finally stretched his neck up to meet my gaze.

I for my part was surveying him at the same time. His cock was very pleased with my appearance, and I was pleased with its size. For such a small man, he had a very pleasantly sized pole. I knew I would need to get him on a workout to fill him out, just enough for aesthetics and added stamina, but not enough that he had a chance to overpower me.

Maintaining eye contact I started his instructions. "You will call me Mistress at all times, you are now my slave, you are no longer Keith, you are..." I rubbed my chin for effect, "Hmmm, 'little boy' seems fitting. You are always to address yourself as little boy, or this slave, or in other third person pronouns, if you say 'I' or 'me' you will be punished. You raise a hand against me, you will be punished. You hesitate when I give you an order, you will be punished. Do you sense a theme little boy?" I paused as he stared dumbfounded at me. I press the remote on my belt and he gets a shock from the collar. "I ask a question and you don't answer, you will be punished."

"Are you insane?"

I smile at him as I push and hold the button for a few seconds as he jerks in pain. "Do you sense a theme little boy?"

He looked down "I resist you, I get punished."

He jerks as he receives another shock. "I'm sorry what did you say? My ears must have been having an issue." I rub a finger over the mask where my ears are.

"Little boy will be punished if he resists Mistress."

"That's what I thought you said little boy. I am your life now. You will learn to serve me, both in domestic duties and to my sexual desires. You please me, you will be rewarded. It is in your best interest to keep me pleased. Do you understand?"

"I... uhhh... little boy understands Mistress."

I smile at him, he hugs himself in fear. "Tonight enjoy your last night in relative freedom, tomorrow before breakfast you will be fitted for your slave shackles and chastity device. So if I were you, I'd take the chance to masturbate tonight, because you have no idea when the next chance to get off will be. If you do jerk off, you will eat your own mess. If I see a drop of your goo on the floor you will be beat mercilessly. Is that understood?"

He replied quickly when he saw my hand moving to the remote. "Yes Mistress!"

"Good boy, you will thank me someday for being so strict with you." I walked out and closed the door behind me.

I tossed his clothes in the storeroom located under the stairs before I went upstairs, where I returned to my bedroom to watch the show.

He tried pulling the chain from the ceiling several times. I stripped down to just my boots and began using a vibrator while he was lying out on the floor. I could tell he was deep in thought. Probably mulling over how helpless his situation is. I smiled to myself when he became hard; my talent had not failed me. The boy was indeed aroused by the helplessness of the situation. I watched as he began stroking himself, I was literally in awe at how large his cock was becoming. I had really intended to only use his tongue for my own purposes, but the more I looked at him, the hornier I got for that cock. I zoomed in so it was almost life-size.

"It would be a crime to let such a beautiful cock go to waste." I said out loud.

I was working my clit and pussy hard as I watched my new slave work his cock just as hard. All of a sudden he moaned and said: "Mistress, please allow little boy to eat your glorious pussy." 

I literally had an orgasm at that; the thought of him already fantasizing of me had pushed me over the edge. As I drifted down from my cloud I watched as he finished off squirting all over his belly and chest. He took a bit of cum on his finger and tasted it. He made a face of disgust, but continued to feed himself the seed of his own loins.

"Good boy." I said to the TV as I turned it off.


The next morning my new slave was waiting on his knees when I opened the door. I was wearing my jogging suit and the same hood I first wore the night before

"Good morning little boy, how did you sleep?"

"Good morning Mistress, I did not owww... little boy did not sleep well, his floor is hard."

"Well you'll get used to it, or too tired to care. One or the other." I gave a 'who cares' shrug. "Maybe with good behavior you'll eventually earn a mattress. Now it is time to be fitted with your accessories." I stepped out and returned with the stainless steel cuffs and chains I had set out in the main dungeon the night before. "Give me your hands." He stared at the chains in my hands so I reached in my pocket to activate his collar again. He quickly shot his hands up and out to me. "Tsk tsk not off to a good start little boy, two shocks already."

I quickly closed the cuffs on his wrists and secured them with the special key. "Now on your ass and give me your feet."

"Yes Mistress"

Soon his feet were secured just like his hands. "One more thing, this will take a few minutes."

I went to my storeroom and dug through the one cabinet to find the chastity tube two sizes bigger than I had originally expected to use. 'Now I will have to buy another this size to replace it' I thought to myself.

When I returned to little boy's cell I gave him a stern look. "On your feet, one false move or sign of resistance, not only will you not be able to sit for a week, but you won't be able to stand either, am I clear? Matter of fact, hands and chain behind your neck now. "

"Yes Mistress." He gathered up his wrist chain and did as instructed.

That's when I looked down to see his little soldier standing at attention. "Someone is enjoying this treatment! He looked down in shame. "You got 30 seconds to lose the boner, or I will take care of it!"

When he couldn't comply I went and filled a large plastic cup with ice and water and dipped his cock in until it had shrunk enough, I fitted the ball trap cock tube on him locking it with the same key that worked the mechanism of the cuffs, which I then slipped into a holder on the door. He could see the key to free himself but not reach it. "There now for your breakfast."

I brought in a paper plate with an egg and English muffin sandwich. "Here you go, I'm going to the gym, when you're done&nbsp; I want you to exercise, hmm maybe 4 sets of 10 pushups and sit-ups, then run in place for about 20 minutes. I will be recording and you will be severely punished if you fail to do it until I come back."

I was walking to the door when he called out; "Mistress does little boy get anything to drink?"

I turned to him and smiled sweetly. "You already have it little boy." I point to the cup that I had soaked his cock in. The color drained from his face. "Oh if you need to pee later, I would use that same cup, if you mess my floor you will be licking it clean. See you at lunch."


I was on cloud nine during my workout. When I was done I made a stop by the soon to be former home of Keith Urnst, I made my way through the building my ball cap and oversized dark sunglasses hiding my identity from passerby and security cameras. I sorted through his apartment finding all his important documents and stashed them in my purse. I browsed his computer to find out he had indeed had a lot of Femdom picture and story sites bookmarked. I sent an email to his boss, as Keith, explaining that his aunt had fallen gravely ill and that he was going to be with his family, and that he would be in touch as soon as he was able, closing with an apology that he had not been able to inform them until he landed. With his work thinking he had flown halfway across the country they would not look for him, giving me more time to train him.


Back at home I prepared a salad for him, and got dressed in a rubber full body catsuit to keep myself clean for my slave's pre-meal requirements, and to keep my identity hidden from him yet.

I open his cell to find him on his knees waiting for me. "Mistress may little boy use a bathroom please?"

"You have your cup."

"Mistress he used the cup to pee, but he needs to sh... poop and did not want to mess in the room."

I smiled at him. He had yet to look higher than my feet. "Good boy, that was what I was going to have you do anyway. I'm going to release your collar from the chain. Try something funny and you will regret it for the few minutes you have left to live."

"Little boy will be on his best behavior Mistress, he promises you."

I take the key from the door and remove the padlock. But keep hold of the ring it had been attached to. "Come." I lead him into the dungeon's 'Wet room' a combination of bathroom, shower, and water torture chamber. He moved toward the toilet but I held him in place. "On your back."

He looked at the toilet with regret as he lowered himself to the cold tiles. I applied a lock from a floor ring to his wrist chain. Using the wall controls I lowered a spreader bar from a winch in the ceiling. The spreader bar was two inches shorter than the chain length and I attached it with snap hooks to the ankle cuffs.

"Now little boy, I know you've read enough Femdom stories to guess what I'm doing here, haven't you?"

He blushed, and a frightened look crossed his face. "An enema Mistress?"

"Oh yes, see I knew you were a smart slave. Have you ever had one before?" I ask as I raise his feet up.

"No Mistress."

"Oh you are in for a treat then." by now everything below his shoulders was in the air, creating a curve through his torso with his legs in a perfect vertical line. He wiggles trying to get free as I hang the bag of warm soapy water from the spreader bar. 

I slap his ass, "Stay still or I will use the collar on you." He groans as I push the inflatable enema nozzle home and squeeze its air bulb. I sit on his chest while he slowly fills. I can feel his eyes on my ass as I watch the bag get thinner.

I'm hot and it's not because of my catsuit. I stand and turn, pulling open the zipper covering the source of my heat. "Time to play a game little boy; I will let you expel the enema if you make me cum with just your mouth." I lower myself onto him and he tentatively licks my pussy, then he began trying in full earnest. Trying, but failing. I raised myself off of him and he stretched his neck to try to keep working and earn his relief.

"Is this the first time you've ate pussy? You are completely useless at it!"

He looked like he was about to cry. "I've licked and kissed pussies before but I have not really had the opportunity to learn properly Mistress. Plus my stomach is cramping."

I slapped him. "That's for forgetting how to speak properly! Now I will teach you the proper way to worship your Mistress. I would say it is in your interest to learn well."

"Thank you Mistr..." I cut him off by burying his face in my crotch. I instructed him on the best way to perform cunnilingus, and guided his head (using a handful of hair) to the parts that pleased me most.

After I finally had my orgasm I got up and with the best look of disgust I could manage I told him; "That was finally adequate slave. We will repeat this daily until you get it right." In truth once past the initial learning stage he was surprisingly skilled. I deflated the plug and lowered him to the floor. "Let it out whenever you wish, but don't take too long, you have two more enemas to go today."

"Mistress, right here on the floor?"

"Yes, you have not earned the privilege of the toilet. When we are done you will hose down the equipment and the room. Only after this wet room is hosed clean to my approval, we'll get you a shower and you will eat."

As he suffered through two more enemas, I explained to him more of my rules for him, such as maintaining a hairless body from below the eyes, the enema routine, and exercising regularly.

When he was finally done eating, I informed him he would be in his cell most of the afternoon and evening. "I have slaves coming and they do not need to hear your whining. You best be quiet, one sound and you will regret ever being born."

I swear I saw a glimmer of jealousy in his eyes when he asked; "Little boy is not Mistress's only slave? Mistress has other slaves?"

"Have, no. Unlike you little boy, my other slaves pay me to treat them like I do you, and then I send them home to masturbate themselves, if I have not locked them into a device like yours before sending them home." I give him an affectionate rub after I lock his collar back to the overhead chain. "You should feel special; I give you my services all day in exchange for your attention to my needs once you are fully trained. You be a good boy." 

I looked in on him between my appointments via the cameras. In the late afternoon I donned my mask and took in a bucket, and told him if he needed to piss or release anymore of his earlier enema to do it in there. He thanked me as I closed the door.

That evening I was tired, I made frozen dinners in the microwave. When I brought little boy's to him he had been sitting calmly in the room. I handed him his dinner tray with the plastic fork and knife.

"Thank you Mistress. How was your day?"

I saw a slight smile cross his face when he had glanced up. "It was fine little boy, what did you do with your afternoon?"&nbsp; It was a stupid question, but I would oblige a polite conversation with him if it helped him to bond with me.

"Little boy reflected on his training this morning, trying to ensure he remembers what Mistress wants when he worships her properly. He hopes Mistress will give him a chance to practice tonight."

"Really? I'm impressed I may just allow that."

"Mistress, little boy thinks you are a beautiful woman, and you look even more beautiful close up than you do from across the room of the Grand Street Bar."

That took me by complete surprise! Was he fishing for clues or had he actually recognized me? Did my height give me away? "Slave, what makes you think you know me from a bar?"

He looked at me with an 'are-you-an-idiot' face that made me want to slap him. "Little boy suspected he knew Mistress from there because he recognized your figure, so tall and fit. But when you came in without your mask it was obvious even to him."

Fuck me! I reached for my face and felt my leather glove touch my bare cheek. "Shit!" How could I forget my mask? Now I could never let him go if I decided to not keep him.

I definitely didn't want him to see this as a weakness in me, but with my automatic response to his revelation, it would be obvious to him now that I fucked up.

"You better make sure you please me now, that mask protecting my identity was the only thing that would have allowed you to return to your old life. Now if you fail to live up to my expectations, it will be a shallow grave in the mountains for you."

I looked at him, his head hanging low, arms crossed below his chest. I think he was more scared now than he was before. He saw me staring at him. "This slave understands Mistress; please allow him to begin pleasing you by practicing eating his Mistress's pussy." 

Before my desire was strong enough, now I had cooled remarkably. "Tomorrow, during your enema. Rest tonight." I walked out and closed the door behind me.

After some soul searching I decided there was no use turning back now. Despite my threat, I could not kill him. I may enjoy delivering punishment, but I am not that cold-blooded. I needed to make him fear and respect me, and I felt he was well on his way to that already.

The next week I followed the same general routine, introducing him a little more to the life of a slave. He had learned to take a strapon, the feel of the various whips, crops, and paddles, and most importantly; how to properly worship my body.

By the beginning of the second week I was beginning to believe he was truly enjoying himself, but I also felt he was acting the part in hopes I would make another mistake, allowing him to escape.

I had cautiously returned to his apartment a few times to maintain the illusion of being out of town to his work, along with slipping out most of his personal affects that I deemed worthy of keeping.

Near the end of the second week I had been a few minutes into a run when my music got interrupted by an incoming call. This was a small miracle because so few people even had my mobile number. I pressed the control on the headset to answer it. "Hello?"

"Chris, hey it's Marv. I know you said to only call you here if it was reeeaaaallly important, but I thought you needed to know this."

I stopped where I was. "What's up?" My first thought it was a problem at the bar, which I have a small stake in with Marv and our other two partners.

"Some woman was at the bar last night at closing, was asking about that runt you were checking out a few weeks ago."

"Cops?"

"No, definitely not, said she was a private investigator, but her technique was all wrong. Asked when the last time I had seen him. I lied and said I thought he had been in last week. Then she showed me a picture of you in a baseball cap and shades, asked if I had seen you before. She used your work name Crystal and said that she had seen you coming out of the other man's building but none of the residents knew you."

"If she used my professional name, she must know me from the BDSM community. Thanks, but I need to call you back later."

I had a sinking feeling and returned home as fast as I could run. In the little time since I left a cargo van had been parked behind my house near the back door that my clients use to enter the basement/dungeon. I quietly slipped in and grabbed the heaviest paddle I had to use as a club.

"...are the keys to your collar?" A woman's voice, one I think I recognize from the local BDSM scene.

"I don't know where she keeps them." Why was he lying, he knows the key is on the inside of the door so he can see but not reach them. Unless...

"They have to be here somewhere, have you ever seen them sitting anywhere?"

"Look lady, please just leave me. I don't want to go with you."

"Look this is a rescue. I'll hide you where she will never find you again."

"I don't want to be rescued!" I heard the slap from the other room.

"Look shithead, I have an African warlord that has a preference for little sissy white men. He had already paid for your ass and sissy training when that bitch Crystal poached you. He thinks I'm already training you for his use. Tell me where the keys are or say goodbye to your balls!"

"Please God no! Keep that knife away from me."

"Tell me!"

"NOOOOO!" It was a blood curdling scream that wretched at my heart, and pushed me into thoughtless action.

Before I knew it the blond woman who I knew as Mistress Brandy was unconscious in front of little boy, the bloody knife left a trail where it skidded across the floor when I hit her.

"Mistress, I'm cut! She tried cutting off my balls!" 

I grabbed the key to his restraints and removed the cuffs and collar. "Go to the wet room, use a towel and put pressure on the cut now!"

I placed little boy's collar and cuffs on his attacker. I picked up the knife and paddle and slammed the door shut behind me. Dropping the weapons on the floor.

I was ruined! By now my captive had likely ran for his life and the police would be coming for me soon. I started making a checklist in my head of what I needed to have when I ran. I headed for the stairs.

"Mistress are you OK?"

I took a step back and looked in the wet room, little boy was sitting there on the toilet holding a bloody towel over his groin. "Let me look at that cut sweetie." Fortunately it was not very deep it had just bled a bit. I wrapped it in gauze from the first aid kit I keep in case a scene gets rough. 

I was subdued by the events, my body coming down from the adrenaline rush. "Keith, why didn't you run when you had the chance?"

"I... umm little boy does not want to leave Mistress. He has dreamed of being a dominant woman's plaything all his life. He loves Mistress for giving him the chance to be hers. Little boy needs a Mistress to desire his adoration."

The whole thing finally caught up to me, all my emotions hit a boiling point and I lost control and collapsed into him, crying like a baby.

When I pulled myself together I looked at him to see a deep concern in his hazel eyes. "Mistress, relax it was a traumatic experience for us both. Little boy saw the fear in your eyes for his safety; he knows you care for him deeply. He is yours forever." 

He was not only still here, but the event had solidified his devotion to me. If he had any resistance left before, it was gone now. I could see the devotion in his eyes. It invigorated me, fueled my convictions that he was my one true submissive. Brandy had inadvertently broken him for me, denying me that pleasure. I vowed to myself I would break her in his place.

"Go upstairs, find my bedroom. Rest and wait for me there, I have some unfinished business down here."

"Yes Mistress!" His eyes shown relief and joy, I could tell he had been afraid I had lost my nerve.

I watched him make his way to the door that lead up to the house and then went to the medical cabinet and retrieved the medic shears.

She was still unconscious when I entered. I used the shears to cut her clothes off, tossing the scraps toward the door. I fished in my pocket for the collar remote and slid the switch to the silencer setting. Now as soon as she made a noise any louder than a moan she would be shocked. I gathered the scraps and closed the cell door. Using a scrap of her clothes I picked up her knife from where I had discarded it a bit ago. I slid it into its sheath. With little boy's blood on it, and surely her fingerprints, it could be valuable leverage later. That was something to be stored in my safe until it may be needed.

When I returned to the first floor, little boy was nowhere to be found. Shit, had he ran away? I looked in my bedroom one last time, and heard a soft snoring. I went around the king size bed to see him asleep on the floor.

I nudged him "Little boy?" He opened his eyes and smiled up at me. "I had almost thought you ran away after all. Why are you on the floor?"

"Little boy did not want to make Mistress mad by assuming she was allowing him in her bed."

I couldn't help to be amused. I easily lifted him up with an arm under his neck and knees, and placed him in my bed. I failed him; he was under my protection, willingly or not. "Keith, if you want to leave I will let you go back to your old life. I allowed your life to be at risk, you have no reason to trust me, nor do I deserve that trust."

"Mistress, little boy trusts you with his whole being. He has since you walked into his cell that first night. He felt a connection to you immediately. Please except little boy's service. He may have been taken by force, but his heart was yours the moment you spoke to him. That has not wavered in me, err him. Do not let the interloper's actions separate us. You have saved little boy from her twice, Mistress is little boy's heroine."

His response surprised and elated me. "Twice?"

He became somber. "Mistress beat her to little boy, if you had not little boy would be in that woman's dungeon instead, and just today you saved him from her."

I gave him a reassuring smile. "Hmm, so I have. Very well little boy, but now that you are here of your own free will, you will have more responsibilities, and more privileges, like being able to go grocery shopping for me. It seems your cell has itself a new occupant, so you will be sleeping with me." I had two more bedrooms, but it just seemed right to me to share my bed with him. "Unless I am with you, the dungeon is off limits for now. My normal clients need discretion. And I have her down there; I don't want you near her yet."

"What are you going to do with her Mistress? Who is she?"

"She is a whore who imagines herself a dominatrix. But evidently she has also taken to selling unsuspecting people as slaves." Ideas of what I was going to do filled my imagination. "As far as what I am going to do with her, she is going to pay for her trespass. She will be trained to be a servant herself. I will have a part for you in her training later, after you are healed and she has been brought down a few notches" I turned the close circuit feed on my bedroom flat screen television "Let me know when she wakes up. I need to go disappoint a few slaves and postpone their appointments."

I went to the study and made the calls to reschedule my first four appointments of today and returned to the room. She should wake soon and I wanted to be ready.

"Keep an eye on her for now. I'm going to get dressed for work."

I had selected a nice red leather bodysuit to match my anger, and I had sat down to put on my skyscraper platform boots when little boy came in all beside himself

"Mistress Crystal, she got up but I think she's having convulsions now!"

"Easy little boy, relax, she is being shocked. She started talking; I turned on the silence function of the collar, something you never got the pleasure of becoming acquainted with. Every time she verbalizes she gets a shock. When she stops making noise she will be fine." I pointed down at my feet. "Help me with my boots."

I never saw him move faster. He looked from the boot, up to me, to the boot again, and back to me with a 'Why do you bother with these?' look.

I laughed as he laced them up for me. He smiled from ear to ear at me as when I did. "Intimidation, it is needed when the subject is so strong willed. Where did you hear my name was Crystal? I did not tell you that."

"The woman said that was your name Mistress. Little boy is sorry if he has overstepped his place."

So she had I forgot all about that. If he was going to be here willingly, it was time he knew my real name. "To you little boy, It is Mistress Christine if you feel you must add the personal, but only when it is between the two of us. Crystal is my pro-domme name, and you will use it when we are among others of like mind here at home, or at any other scene. When I eventually take you out in general public it will be Christine, and you will talk normally at those times. I will still expect your total obedience regardless."

"Little boy understands Mistress."

Time for me to show off for my captive audience. "Now do I look, scary enough?"

"To little boy; yes you are, but he thinks darker make-up and some punishment tools on your belt will add to the intimidation of the slut who attacked little boy."

"My thoughts exactly slave. 'The slut'? I like that! That may be her new slave name. See if you can come up with more possible names for her."

I lifted his face so he could see my eyes. "I want you to watch on the TV to see how viscous I can be. You should feel fortunate that I have had an attraction to you the moment I saw you, and that has made me be gentle with you."

"Yes Mistress, Thank you Mistress." He looked like he was a little scared by that proclamation, which was my intent of course. I don't want him to get complacent because he thinks I like him too much to punish him.

I put on a good show for him, shocking, cropping, and tormenting her. But in the verbal abuse I laid on her, a spark of guilt hit me. I had already essentially done the same to little boy as she was going to do. It shook me that I had become her.

Little boy leapt from the bed, down to a kneeling position and kissed my feet. I was greatly disturbed, both by her reaction to my exaggeration of little boy's situation and by my epiphany.

"The audacity of that bitch! The uncaring whore deserves this." I dragged him to his feet and pulled him into a hug. His head pushed up on my boobs. "When I told her you were catatonic and she had cut your balls off, her only concern was her customer and self, not what she had done to another person. She could care less for your state because of her actions." I kissed the top of his head.

"Mistress, are you alright?" The concern was etched in his face again.

"Yes little boy, I just, well I have compassion for my slaves. I try to give them what they need and strive to never exceed what they are able to take, and while I may threaten it, I assuredly would never do something that could do permanent harm. Her callousness just has me wound up too tight. I most definitely would never hold a knife to a struggling person."

I decided I had to admit to him my realization. "Keith something I said down there really hit home to me too. I am really no better than her. I wanted to keep you for myself despite what you had desired, she wanted to sell you. I was greedy to the flesh, for her it was the money.&nbsp; You ended up a victim regardless. You're decision to stay does not take away from that. I was close to becoming someone like her, and that scares me."

He pushed off of me and I loosened my hold on him. "Mistress, why did you choose me to take as your slave?"

I thought back to that night at the bar. "As soon as I saw you I knew you wanted... no, needed a dominant woman, as much as I needed a submissive man. I felt an inverted kinship. I could tell you were too introverted to admit it to anyone but yourself, and I hoped by forcing you into the situation, you would come to adore serving me."

"Mistress, don't you see the difference than? Your instinct told you I needed you to save me from my own self. You took me to help me, and yourself, in hopes we were each other's 'one'. I sure as hell would have never tried to approach you, you are so far out of my league, but whenever I saw you at the GSB, I was always drawn to your... aura of control. You always seemed to be in charge of all around you."

"But that is no excuse."

He smiled at me, a bright loving smile. "Mistress, I am thankful you took me. I forgive you as long as you keep me as your own and you promise to not do it to anyone other than that bitch downstairs. Now please stop this self-flagellation. You are infinitely better than her. Please, for little boy's sake." 

"You're right, and for that I will not punish you for not talking as a proper slave of my home." I was now sure I had found more than a submissive, I found a little man with a nice big cock, and an even bigger heart. "Thank you, your acceptance of me, despite all that has happened to you, is the only thing that makes this worthwhile." I pushed him to the door. "Now go make yourself useful and make my lunch."

-----

It was hard to believe it was a year ago that I had taken my first of two real slaves. Now little boy was legally my husband of three months. He took my name and officially became Keith Cavanaugh. This also meant it had been two months since I last had an appointment as a pro-domme. I had decided long ago if I was going to become a wife, I would leave the profession behind because I would have my own husband as a full time slave.

The night of our wedding we also had a collaring ceremony at the local BDSM club. I sealed a stainless steel collar ring to his neck with a hex key. Although I initially rejected the idea, he persisted that I should have a match to his collar. He locked the matching bracelet ring with the same key. I took some ribbing from the other dominants for that. But when I explained that to little boy and I it was a symbol of my promise to care for him and keep him safe, and since he risked his very life to stay my slave it was a small but meaningful gesture to his trust on my part. They shut up, and a few of them have since done similarly with their spouse slaves.

I was idly spinning that same bracelet around my wrist when I heard: "Istress inner ss omost ready."

I glance over my shoulder to see the slut, her stainless steel chastity belt sealing her whore cunt closed, and also preventing the removal of the hot pink rubber corset. She was wearing the very same wrist chains and collar I placed on her the day she attacked little boy. Unlike little boy she was shaved bald, hair was not a privilege she had earned. The collar now had two punishment controllers, the other in little boy's bracelet so he can keep her in line while I'm at work. She had long since discovered that it also activated shocks if she tried to pass through an exterior door or stand in front of a window too long. (Who would have thought invisible pet fence technologies were so versatile?) The rubber ring gag in her mouth barely had enough give for her to form words. "Slut, lay a setting for your master at the dining table with me, instead of at my feet. Little boy will be treated tonight, it is his first umm..." What do you call a slave's anniversary anyway? " It is his first slaviverasary after all." It was corny but I liked it.

"Es aam"

She carefully turns on her en pointe wedged boots and walks back to the dining room. A six inch rod extended from the removable rear shield of the chastity belt so she could not sit down and take pressure off her feet. Kneeling or lying was her only respite from this. The memories of her training from the bottom feeder Brandy Stallton to become our slave started coming to me, at least until little boy spoke and stole my attention again. Oh well, maybe another time to reminisce about that!

"Thank you Mistress, but little boy did not intend that."

I took his hand in mine, a sign of affection I rarely gave him when the slut was present. "Just a gesture of thanks for giving me the pleasure of being your Mistress. And for taking my bad day and making it a happy one with your love and adoration."

After our meal I had taken the slut through her nightly cleaning and secured her in the cell, removing her boots and rear shield, before leaving her chained in the center of the room. She ate her dinner, pureed leftovers from my dinner, as she sat lotus style on her bed mat. Back upstairs little boy and I settled into watching the television, his head resting against my right breast. He looked up at me with a big smile "Little boy has a gift for you Mistress." 

"Oh really, you are full of surprises tonight. Well go ahead and get it." I lift my arm so he can get up, and he went to the entertainment center, returning with a box swathed in a unique bondage themed wrapping paper that could have only come from my favorite 'alternative lifestyle' store. He knelt down and placed the box in my lap.

"Someone has been doing some unapproved shopping, hasn't he?" I gave him a big smile so he knew I was not mad.

"Perhaps Mistress will use her gift to punish little boy for that?"

I laughed; "You're too eager!" I opened the box and pulled out a mass of rubber. It looked like a pair of rubber shorts with a monstrous penis sheath, easily four foot long and two foot in diameter.

"Little boy had it made custom for Mistress. He goes in the bag, headfirst in the hogtie position, then Mistress seals him in so his face is in the crotch of the shorts, and she gets into the shorts, and little boy is forced to eat Mistress as long as she decides!"

The shorts were a bit small, I knew the material would stretch to fit me, but they'd be practically airtight. "What about breathing? You will suffocate."

"There are reinforced air holes all around the face-crotch seam, all little boy must do is pull his head back and he can get enough air to breath. We tested it with Master Richard filling in for you Mistress." He looked up at me with concern. "But he wore spandex legging so little boy would not betray you Mistress."

"So Rebecca made this for you? It is impressive; I must commend Rich once again on his slave's good work. You will definitely find yourself in it tonight. "

Little boy looked at me sheepishly. "Master Richard wishes to talk to you about it anyway. He likes the design." Little boy struggled with a decision for a minute. "Little boy is not supposed to tell Mistress, but Master Richard wants to help little boy patent it and he sell them through his shop and online store. He said he would cut Mistress in for 10% of the profit if allowed to use little boy's concept."

"Hmmm." Maybe a good idea. I gave little boy a sinister grin that both excited and scared him in equal parts. "Let's try it now slave. I want to know if it is worth the time and effort."

Little boy smiled as I dragged him to our bedroom.










﻿Slaviversary 2 - The Slut's Story
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

I was serving Mistress and 'Master' their dinner to celebrate his first 'slaviversary' (what a stupid name Mistress came up with just to make 'Master' happy).

I detested calling him Master, especially since he was no more than her submissive. But Mistress insisted he was her husband and I was nothing to her but 'the slut'. 

I thought back to the time only a year ago that I was a professional Domme (or as Mistress called it: a professional dominant whore, because sex was expected by my customers), with a lucrative side business of selling properly trained slaves into foreign markets. I reflect back on that time and think if I hadn't been so greedy I would still be a free woman today.

-----

It had started routinely and innocently enough, an e-mail from a General Nombuku, African warlord extraordinaire, who had been referred to me by one of my Arab customers. The General had a special request; he wanted a small white man, trained as a sissy slave. I took a few weeks and gathered photos from men in the city that fit his request and sent them to him. He liked an exceptionally tiny man named Keith Urnst. We agreed on a price and delivery timeframe after payment, and I told him as soon as I had my money, I would take possession of the subject and train him as requested.

Reviewing my notes I saw I had found him shopping at a grocery just outside the business district. So I began my surveillance there. Within two weeks I had his routine set and could take him anytime. I just waited for the general's money.

When I received confirmation of the deposit into my Swiss account, I went in search of my victim. I staked out his home and work, but saw no sign of him. On the third day of my search I got anxious and took a risk by calling his work and asking for him. When I was transferred to his department manager he told me he was called out of state for a family emergency, and that he had just got an email from him within the last ten minutes saying his family emergency would last a few more weeks.

Weeks! Shit what was I going to do now? 

Then I saw her. Dressed in a blue track suit, wearing a ball cap and sunglasses I could not be sure but she looked like one of my competitors, a Domme who called herself Mistress Crystal. I knew a little about her, she lived in the southern suburb with her dungeon in the basement of her ranch home. I knew she was a judgmental 'high road' Domme that looked down on Dommes like me who included sexual service to their clients. It could not be coincidence a pro was coming out of my quarry's apartment building. I quickly took a picture of her with my cell phone's camera.

I followed her home, so I knew where she lived, then returned to the city and started asking questions to the neighbors in the apartment building. None of them had seen Urnst in the last week or so, and only a few of them remembered seeing Crystal once or twice since then, but didn't know who she was or who she was there to see.

That night I went to Urnst's favorite watering hole, the Grand Street. A bar frequented by the business class for socializing and customer meetings.&nbsp; 

"What can I get you miss?" The bartender asked when I approached.

"Info, I'm a P.I. looking for this man, Keith Urnst." I said showing him the photo I had taken a few weeks ago.

"Yeah I've seen him here before. Semi-regular here, lives nearby I think. Last I saw him was Wednesday or Thursday last week." He was not being honest with me.

"Have you seen this woman?" I show him the picture on my phone. "Her name is Crystal and she has been hanging around his place, but none of the other tenants know her."

The look of recognition was automatic, but he tried to cover it, "Nope never seen her, what is he sleeping around on his wife with her or something?"

"Sorry confidentiality and all. Thanks for your help."

He knew Crystal had Urnst; it was in his eyes when he saw her picture. I'll deal with him for trying to lie to me another time.

I set up in the morning down the block from her house. I saw her leave at a jogging pace. I watched her round the corner, the earbuds trailing down to the iPhone at her shapely waist told me she was off for a long jog/walk, giving me time to remove my product from her house.

The lock at the back door was child's play to pick and soon I was standing in her dungeon. A cursory check found Urnst chained to the ceiling in a featureless room. He was naked and kneeling, head bowed when I entered. His wrists linked by a chain, as were his ankles.

"Hello Mistress."

"I'm here to get you out."

He looked up in surprise. "Who are you?"

"Where are the keys to your collar?"

"I don't know where she keeps them." He looked frightened; he didn't know where to go, or what to do. 

"They have to be here somewhere, have you ever seen them sitting anywhere?"

He moved as far back from me as his chain allowed. “Look lady, please just leave me. I don't want to go with you."

"Look this is a rescue. I'll hide you where she will never find you again."

"I don't want to be rescued!"

I decided a more forceful approach was needed; I crossed the room and gave him a slap to the face. "Look shithead, I have an African warlord that has a preference for little sissy white men. He had already paid for your ass and sissy training when that bitch Crystal poached you. He thinks I'm already training you for his use. Tell me where the keys are or say goodbye to your balls!" I drew the hunting knife that was stashed in my waistband at my back.

"Please God no! Keep that knife away from me."

I grabbed the chain to his wrist manacles and easily overpowered him stretching his arms over his head and pressed the knife against his scrotum under the stainless chastity tube "Tell me!" I pressed it home enough to break the delicate skin drawing blood.

"NOOOOO!" He screamed.

It took me a split second to notice that his scream was joined by one with a slightly higher voice. I turned just in time to see the black lacquered wood come down on me. I could just make out the pink trimmed running shoes as I passed out.


When I finally managed to swim back to consciousness, I had taken Urnst's place, undressed, and chained. My skull ached worse than any migraine I ever had.

"Let...Owwww!!!" The collar was a shock collar! My utterance sent a new jolt through me, which caused me to squeal, and get shocked again. The cycle continued until I managed to keep myself quiet.

I explored my situation. The chain to the ceiling was measured out so I could not reach the door or any wall. I looked at the door and felt sick to my stomach; Hanging on the door was a key. Had that key been hanging there when I came in earlier?&nbsp; I couldn't remember seeing it. I'd bet my life it was the very key to the locks on my restraints. I was sure my restraints were the ones on Urnst. Then the key I needed to take him had been behind my head the whole time. He had to have known. Had he already come to depend on her? How long had she had him before I came looking for him?

I spent my time thinking how I would escape, knowing my only chance was when she had the key in her hands; otherwise I was stuck there even if I surprised her.

When the door swung open I fully expected her to come in projecting an aura of intimidation, and despite myself I was indeed intimidated. She strode in, ducking under the door jamb. Dressed head to toe in blood red leather, a crop and small whip dangling from her belt. I knew she was tall, but her boots added a good six or seven inches to her already impressive six foot height, making me feel so small.

In a calm even voice she ordered; "On your knees slut."

I stood my ground, I would not be a scared captive like I saw in Urnst when I entered I stood my ground and silently stared at her knowing one syllable would be punished by the collar.

"Okay, the hard way then." She pressed a button on the belt around her waist.

When my senses had returned I was on the floor. I tried pulling my hands front but came to a jerking stop with a tug to all my limbs. In the brief moment that I was neutralized by the shock, she had rearranged my wrist chain so it was behind me and joined it to my ankle chain!

She raised me up effortlessly to a kneeling position. She proceeded to walk around me, despite expecting it; I was surprised by the first impact of the crop. She worked her way around me twice, masterfully using the crop on my defenseless body.

She stooped down in front of me and held my jaw with her left hand, forcing me to stare at her.

"You have likely cost me my slave. He is catatonic in a cage now; I think I stopped the bleeding from where his balls were in time that he may live." She hit me with the crop in the side. "He was going to be my personal slave when he was fully trained. Now he is useless to me." She released my chin and slapped me in the face. "Now I need a replacement, and since you happened to be the cause of my loss, you will replace him. Sadly you cannot fill in all of his intended roles, since you are not properly equipped, but I will make do."

She walked around me again, the crop brushing over my skin.

"You have two minutes to plead with me why I should not take you as my own. Go!"

"You bitch, I am a fellow Domme, not some subby to claim! You stole my mark; I was just trying to take back what was mine!"

"A minute thirty."

"I will never be your slave; you will be forced to keep me locked up here for the rest of my life."

"However few days that may be." Her glare had me second guessing this 'logical' approach.

"Look let me go and forget about it, I will find a new subby for my customer and one for you."

"Time!"

"I'm... eeeowch!" She had switched back on the silence function of the collar

"Let's get a few things straight. First, you are not a Domme, you never have been. You are a professional dominant whore; a true Domme does not offer sex for money. Second, you're 'mark' has been MY private property for two weeks, and was coming along quite well. If you had wanted him, you should have got to him first. Lastly, you are scum of the Earth, selling people into slavery. While what I was doing to the boy was not much different, I was willing to care for him and treat him with the respect he deserves for his service, not treat him like cattle."&nbsp; She turned to walk from the room. "I'll be back to feed you later tonight. I have appointments now, some of which I already had to cancel to take care of your worthless ass."

With the door slammed closed in her wake, I knew I was up Shit's Creek. I had broken into her place just after 9 in the morning and I had no way of knowing how much time had passed. She was serious, frightingly so, and she was not the kind of woman to make mistakes. My best bet was to play along and hope she became complacent. Would I seek revenge afterwards? I gave that much thought that day and decided it was not in my best interest. I hadn't the time now if I did escape, as I would need to train a replacement for Urnst to send to the General, with apologies that his first choice had become unavailable due to events that occurred in the target's life prior to my receipt of payment. I could not go to the police to have her arrested, I was sure she likely had security footage showing me enter her home. After all I had evidently set off some silent alarm to draw her back to the home so quickly, no reason to assume it was not hooked up to a camera. Best I could hope for is escape, and wait for an opportunity down the road for revenge.

In the weeks to come Crystal had spent the better part of the 'mornings' (I was truly unsure of the time of day) training me, beating me, degrading me. I knew the tactics; I tried resisting them while acting the part. But I could feel myself giving in easier each day. I spent most of my time in the cell, and when I wasn't in the cell I was being trained in the dungeon proper, or spending my time having enema cramping on the wet room floor. The entire time my hands either secured behind my back or with a chain just long enough that I could only reach down to my waist. I had failed to see Urnst in any of the dungeon cages, and she never elaborated on what happened to him.

Then one day about a month into my confinement, by my guess, the bottom fell out of my world. Mistress Crystal entered my cell carrying a steel yoke. I tried to resist but she had overpowered me with ease and had my wrists and neck secured in the device, my hands now held 18 inches from my neck to either side. She then unshackled my feet and proceeded to tie my ankles to my thighs tightly so I could not flex my legs at all.

She stepped out into the dungeon for a minute and came in pushing a sybian on a low cart, the power and a control cords were longer than the standard model, modified or custom I assumed. She lifted me onto it as if I was weightless, my knees dangling a few inches from the floor once I had been mounted on the machine. She attached chains to the rings on the neck of the yoke down to the cart; the chain from the ceiling was still locked to my shock collar. Stepping just outside the door, she watched me as the slack of that chain retracted into the ceiling. The sybian started its torment a few moments later.

"There, comfy?" She said as she closed the door.

"Yes Mistressss!" The Sybian was doing its job, but was set relatively low. Just low enough to torment my underused clit, but not allow me an orgasm.

"Today Brandy, you are to fully become my slave. From now on you are only to be known as 'the slut'. You will only refer to yourself as the slut, or in third person pronouns like she and her. If you answer to your old name, say I, me, or my, etcetera you will be punished. Is that understood Brandy?"

"Yes Mist.... ahhh!" The shock hit me unexpectedly. Mistress had not reached for the collar control on her belt.

"Not a fast learner, are you Brandy?" I stayed silent. "Very good slut." She reached down to my damp crotch, and then placed her hand in front of my face. "Clean my fingers you dripping slut."

I leaned forward and tasted my own juices on her fingers. "Now to prepare you for service." She strolled out of the cell, the speed of the vibrations went up and then she returned with a cart. The cart evidently had some sort of battery power source hidden in its enclosure as a power receptacle was in the side. "First things first." She pushed an inflatable butterfly gag in my mouth, squeezing the bulb enough to stop my ability to communicate.

The reason for this became clear when she pulled out a pair of hair shears. I screamed as my long blond hair fell around me in a two to three inch lengths. Partway through she shouted: "Now!" The sybian stopped beneath me. I groaned out loud, I was so close to cumming. She resumed cutting until I saw her look up. "Begin again, just like I showed you. If she cums I will punish you." Someone was running the sybian outside the room. They must have been watching me on camera. I blushed in shame, me a Dominant woman being treated as a common submissive, and being tormented by another submissive. The sybian turned on and off a few times more as Mistress chopped away at my hair a little at a time. "Now to finish it off." She plugged in hair clippers into the cart's receptacle and shaved me down to the scalp. I cried as I felt the clippers against my skin, "There, maybe when you earn it I will allow you a bob cut." I sat there sobbing, struggling to breathe.

She put away the clipper and shears. "I don't have the time to personally continue your household training, so I am leaving you in the hands of another. You will respect him and treat his instructions as if they came directly from me. If you do not, he has full permission to punish you, and then I will punish you also when I am available. And heaven help you if you ever raise a hand against him. I think it's time you were formally introduced. Turn off the machine and come in here, and bring the TV cart."

The door opened and a naked Keith Urnst walked in! He was pushing a small television carts against the wall and then kneeled before Mistress, kissed her boots and looked up to her for approval. "Did little boy make Mistress proud?"

She smiled down at him. "Yes little boy you kept her right where I wanted her." Urnst was the one controlling the sybian!

"Slut, this is little boy, you will call him little boy sir, or sir. Little boy this is the slut, you may call her that or any derogatory term you like. Also little boy when talking to her without me around you may feel free to refer to yourself in the first person."

"Yes Mistress."

"Now little boy remove her gag and prepare her daily uniform like I instructed you to."

"Yes Mistress."

He quickly did as told and when he walked to the cart, Mistress stood before me, hands on hips, a smug look on her face. I couldn't wait until I got the situation reversed. "So do you understand your instructions slut?"

"You don't believe I am going to submIIITTT..." What the hell? She didn't move to activate the collar. Had she added some voice recognition thing that heard me use first person and automatically shock me?

"A tad slow little boy. Don't worry; I'm sure the slut will give you a lot of practice. You will improve." She looked at me again. "You will submit to him, you have no choice in the matter. He is my love slave, and head of my household staff. You are my household staff." She gave me a look that would melt steel. "He opted to stay on with me despite what you did to him while he was in my care. He is my most prized possession. If harm comes to him because of you, you will experience pain for the rest of your natural life." She looked to him again. "Set up the basics except for the wrist shackles. When I return we will add the final touches, and then the shackles later tonight."

"As you taught little boy, he will do." With that she left the room closing the door behind her. 

Urnst untied my legs, and with a groan I stretched my legs. "Take a moment to get feeling back then stand when you are ready."

When I started to stand I noticed the neck chain shortened. Urnst moved the sybian out of the way.

"We can escape Keith, get me free and I'll help you get away." I saw him press a button on the band around his wrist and I was shocked by the collar.

"You don't understand, do you slut? I am here willingly, I could have ran after your attack, or left when Mistress offered me my freedom because of the attack. I want to be her slave. She has won my heart and loyalty. Keith Urnst may be my legal name, but I am now and forever her 'little boy'. And there is no 'me' or 'I' in your vocabulary anymore either. Now lift your feet."

I did as instructed and 'little boy' pulled a familiar pair of ballet style ankle boots out of the cart. Mistress had me wearing these quite often recently. They did not have the customary stiletto heel; instead the sole was solid like a wedge shoe, more stability, with the same discomfort. She said this would be my daily uniform, she was expecting me to wear ballet boots daily! Little boy laced them on securely, and then secured the straps around the ankles with Mistress's special custom padlocks. The boots were not coming off without the key or a bolt cutter.

Next came a white rubber under-bust corset, the kind with no busk and had laces up the back. "Mistress has several of these for you in different colors." He started tightening it down; I could feel the boning constricting my torso.

"Little boy sir, it's too tight!"

"Good slut, you finally addressed me properly. But the corset needs to be pulled another quarter inch yet, per Mistress's instructions; no gap bigger than the width of a dime or little boy will be punished. So suck it in or I will have to punish you until you do."

I did not take the threat lightly in my current position, so I sucked it in and held my breath as best I could. Soon I knew what it felt like to be a toothpaste tube being squeezed in the middle.

Finally he locked a ring gag in place between my lips and teeth. I tried to close my mouth, the rubber ring was rigid enough to keep my mouth open, but allowed me to close it maybe half an inch. "There!" He turned and looked toward the door, and knelt on one knee. "Mistress, little boy has the slut prepared for your inspection, he waits to see if he has met with your expectations."

A few minutes later Mistress returns walks past the prostrate Urnst and proceeds to spin me about for inspection. "Little boy, I am happy. You did a good job on the slut, and handled her well from what I saw. Now get ready for the next part." She turned to me. "Now you threatened to castrate little boy a few weeks ago, I think it only fitting he do the same essential thing to you."

"Nooooo!" I managed to yell. He had driven me to the very edge of the cliff several times while Mistress cut my hair, now she was going to have him cut out my clit!"

Little boy came over not with a knife, but a stainless steel female chastity belt, not a cheap one either.

"Remember how I taught you to do it"

"Yes Ma'am" 

He soon had it expertly applied, the belt and crotch shield locked together just below where my navel would be behind the corset.

"Now slut, you know how I prefer matched locks on my slaves?"

"Es Istress."

"Well your and little boy's chastity belts are an exception. The key please little boy." She took the offered key and walked to the cart. "Those locks are unique, and custom. They are different from any other lock in my arsenal or the world. They are pick proof, with titanium shackle and body, and the manufacturer destroyed the records of the tumbler arrangements and molds at my request." She pulled out a glass and set it in front of her. With an evil smile she dropped the key in the glass. It sizzled, bubbled and disappeared as the acid ate the metal. "Now there is only one key in the world that can remove your belt, I have it, and if you ever hurt me or little boy it will be destroyed also."

She came over with two different lengths of chain and a spreader bar with a snap hook at each end of the three. "Little boy when I tell you lower the winch."

"Yes Mistress."

She attached the spreader bar to my boot locks, and one end of the long chain to the bar. "Now little boy." Mistress pushed my torso down until it was parallel to the floor. The other snap hook was attached to the yoke. I felt a yank on my gag as my head was pulled back and attached to something. 

"Little boy come here. Tell the slut when the last time I allowed you to cum was."

"Slut, Mistress allowed little boy to cum for her ten days ago."

"I'm sure you remember when I took your blood a few weeks ago, well the tests came back that you are disease free, so little boy is going bareback to deposit a load in your ass."

"Ine a nal ergen!"

"Wow I must say that that is a surprise! You probably will wish you weren't in a second."

At that she took the necklace from her neck and unlocked little boy's chastity tube with the key on it. With his cock free she teased him to attention. His prick was one of the largest I had seen, and definitely the largest I have seen on anybody his size. Indeed I was wishing I had a bit of anal experience.

He had gone behind me, his touch was unsure. "Mistress, little boy does not want to fuck the slut's ass. He wants to only make love to you when you want him."

"I am honored you want to be used by only me, but you will stick that cock, my cock, in her or anyone else I choose when I say or maybe you would like the keys to your chastity tube to be destroyed like the slut's key here." She smiled at him as I felt him lube my exposed hole. "Slow and steady, wait for the end little boy. You cum too early you'll wish you accepted her offer of escape."

"Yes ma'am, little boy will be slow."

Little boy began pressing into me. It was rather uncomfortable, but I took the same advice I had told so many of my clients; relax and it will be relatively painless. Maybe I should have let someone take my anal cherry before, so I would have known how poor that advice really was.

"Slut here is some news highlights since your training began here. They should be of extreme interest to you."

Soon the TV was showing news reports from the local networks. Happy homecomings of various people held prisoner in one far off land or another followed by the arrests of the people's captors. I quickly realized that these people were my victims and customers. Every one of my captures, 18 in all, had been freed by Interpol and/or the regional law enforcement to their buyer.

The last scene was a blaze at my very own home, the reporter giving my name and commenting on my being the local woman accused of selling abductees into slavery, and how I was now on the FBI's Most Wanted List. The police was sure it was arson that claimed my home, but they were unsure if I had done it myself, or if it was revenge of one of my victim's or former customers that now were disgraced and facing prosecution.

"Not yet little boy." He groaned in frustration. Mistress turned off the TV."I anonymously turned in your files of your slave selling operation, except little boy's, to the local FBI office. The good news, I transferred all your personal bank accounts before then, both the Swiss and domestic, to one of my untraceable Swiss accounts. I have made a large anonymous donation to the fund created to help with the victim's rehabilitation from there. The bad news..." There was worse news? "...is your former clients, including General Nombuku have put contracts out on you. So if you displease me or try to escape, I just let it be known in the underworld that you are alive and leaving town. Both the FBI and countless hit men will be chasing you."

I was trapped. When (If) I escaped from Crystal I would need to live off the grid and lay low. Plus have no funds to rely on to do it. 

"You may cum little boy!" I felt his pent up release explode into me. He sighed and relaxed against me.

"For the record I had nothing to do with your home being burned to the ground. That was... an unexpected turn of events. I had expected that the FBI would seize it and sell it, with the proceeds being given to your victims. Maybe someone was afraid of more evidence being found, or some of your more personal clients afraid their recreation would become public. Now slut, do you appreciate the situation you are in and accept my protection in exchange for your domestic slavery?"

I couldn't believe what a mess this had become. I had no real choice; Life on the run, death, or slavery. "Es Istress, his sloch achechs."

She smiled at me. "Very good slut. Little boy will begin your training in the morning. Come little boy, lets clean up this mess and then you can prepare dinner."

Slowly they removed everything from the room so it was just me, crouched over in the yoke.

Urnst was ready to close the door. "Utt ahot ee?" I saw him reach for the wrist band and press the button and got hit by the shock.

"What was that slut, little boy did not hear you?"

"Ital oy ir, utt ahot ah sloch?"

"Mistress, little boy thinks the slut wants to know if she is being left like this?"

I heard Mistress Crystal's voice from the main dungeon. "Leave her be until you feed her later. Now come along."

He gave me an apologetic look and closed the door.

Later that night little boy let me down and replaced the yoke with the shackles linked to my collar. It was then that I learned I was going to be spoon feeding myself pureed food through the ring gag from now on. He sat on a chair in the doorway while I ate.

"Slut, for your sake and my own, do not fight me while I am in charge of you. If you do, Mistress has given me strict instructions to punish you. Then you will be punished by Mistress later, and I'll be forced to watch. I do not like to hurt people, and I do not enjoy watching it, it goes against my gentle nature. But I love and fear Mistress so I will do as she commands if you force my hand. A fair warning don't you agree?"

I nod "Es ir."

"Good slut, do our Mistress proud, little boy can be happy, and the slut can be at least pain free if not happy."

Little boy chained me to the wet room toilet while he laid out my sleeping mat and bucket (in case I needed to urinate during the night) He washed me up and returned me to the cell where I was allowed to sit on my mat as little boy unlocked and removed my gag and boots. He closed the door and I was in darkness when the light was turned out.

A daily pattern was developed. Little boy would dress me in my 'uniform' each morning and walk me through the wet room routine of enemas, toilet, teeth, and a basic cleaning. I played the dutiful servant to a tee during the day. Then at night Mistress Crystal or little boy would take me through the evening ritual and lock me to the chain in the cell. I learned that on Tuesdays and Saturdays Mistress would come and remove the chastity belt and corset to clean my body and shave me, often teasing me to the brink of orgasm before calling little boy to put me in a fresh corset and to reseal me into the belt.

One day Mistress had sent little boy to the market to pick up some odds and ends, I had completed my current task in the time he was gone. In the absence of little boy giving me fresh orders, I decided to sit at one of the kitchen table chairs. Just seconds before Mistress strode in to freshen her cup of coffee.

"What the hell are you doing?"

I immediately dropped from the chair and went to my knees "Istress, is sloch os jost hiting or a inite."

"You can sit on your own time, which is from when I send you to bed until we wake you. Otherwise you are standing to work or kneeling at our feet waiting for instructions."

She lifted me by my collar and bent me over the kitchen's island. She proceeded to beat my ass raw with a wooden cutting board she wielded like a paddle. When she finished she escorted me to my cell, where that evening I was given a proper paddling, no mercy or dinner. Needless to say I didn't sleep well that night.

My ass was still sore the next morning when little boy produced an addition to my uniform; a curved piece of metal with an anal plug on the concave side, and a two inch diameter by six inch long rod sticking out from the convex side. "You won't be able to sit with this installed. I hope you're happy, you asked for it!" A couple of clicks and my rear hole was filled and any attempt to sit would be thwarted by the rod.

Three days later I decided the risk of death may be worth it if it meant not being trapped in this situation. I waited for what I thought was the right moment. Mistress had went for one of her runs and little boy had went to the bathroom, I decided now was the time to escape. I moved as fast as I could to the front door. I was reaching for the handle when I got hit with a shock from my collar which dropped me to the floor, and it wouldn't stop! I looked around for Mistress and little boy with their little button devices. Where were they hiding?

Little boy came running over and dragged me away from the door and the pain stopped.

"You dumb bitch! What do you think you were doing?"

As I recovered he pulled out a chain set from the coat closet. He attached my wrist and ankle cuffs to the chain so it was behind my back. My hands were pinned to my sides at mid torso by the new chain and the original chain running from my wrists to my collar, my legs were doubled back and attached to a single chain coming from the center of the new wrist chain. I was effectively hogtied.

I looked toward little boy as he approached me with a cane, tears in his eyes. "Now I must give you enough lashes to leave twenty welts per Mistress's instructions. Why did you do this?"

I remained silent.

He was on the roughly the twenty-fifth hit when Mistress came in.

"So the slut tried to run?"

Little boy sobbed. "Yes Mistress." I was the one taking the savage beating and he was the one crying.

"Kneel in front of her." He did as he was told. "How many strokes did you give the slut so far?"

"Little boy had delivered twenty-seven Mistress."

"I count fourteen welts, satisfactory for your first time." She stood straddling me. "Present yourself!" He leaned back and Mistress pulled her key from inside her shirt and removed his cock cage. "Stick it in the slut's mouth." Soon his limp cock had been pushed through my ring gag.

I felt her jogging pants drop over my head. "Eat me slave!"

I could hear and partially see little boy with his face in her crotch. His cock had swollen up in my mouth.

To his dismay she backed away from him. "Mistress did little boy do poorly in his worship?"

"No little boy you were perfect. Slut try to separate from little boy." I tried but could not do it. Nor could I tell her that. "Good than I got the sizing of your ring gag correct. It is just a bit smaller than little boy's girth. Now your ring gag is a cock ring for little boy."

Little boy looked confused, but I knew what it meant. His engorged penis would be trapped in my mouth until enough of the blood finally left it. Slut you must keep little boy erect with your tongue but not let him cum until I say your punishment is done. Little boy if you get soft enough to be pulled free tell me. Is that understood?"

"Little boy understands the order Mistress, but he does not understand what is going on."

"Do not worry about that, I know, and I'm sure the slut has figured it out. You just sit back, watch, learn, and enjoy."

I heard the cane 'whoosh' through the air with the velocity that little boy was not capable of achieving.&nbsp; They rained down on me faster than I could count. 

Little boy's cock got harder with every scream that reverberated down from my throat. Soon I was struggling to breathe as his cock started obscuring my airway. I indeed knew what Mistress was doing, she was teaching little boy two things: How to properly cane someone, and to associate my pain with his pleasure.

The bare portions of my back and arms felt like they were on fire when she stopped. The area protected by my corset was marginally better. "Now slut, make him cum and swallow it all!"

I changed the movement pattern and speed of my tongue and soon I was given my first taste of little boy's semen filling my mouth. I flexed my tongue and throat to swallow what I could.

"What happened here today my little slut slave is you got to feel the primary function of your collar. The exterior doors and windows are wired that if you get too close to them you will get a crippling shock, double the power of the average punishment shock. The only way you leave this house is with my permission." She turned to little boy. "When you can extricate yourself, clean up and make lunch for you and I. Leave the slut as she is until I come for her. I need to get ready for work now."

After about ten minutes little boy had managed to force himself free with a little grimace. I watched in amazement as he placed himself back in chastity. "All you had to do was follow the rules. If you run away, the police will come and arrest Mistress and take her away from little boy. You don't deserve my sympathy if you are going to do dumb things like that." He stormed into the kitchen.

In my pain and discomfort I hadn't even realized Mistress had returned until I felt myself being lifted. She hefted me with a grunt but carried me with ease. No wonder I was unsuccessful when I physically resisted her, she was a powerhouse that could likely out-muscle the average man.

I was unceremoniously dropped on the floor of my cell, knocking the air from my lungs. "We will be having a long talk later slut. Things are going to be changing here soon, and you will either be onboard, or underground." With a bang the door shut with me helpless to do anything. 

As the day progressed Mistress looked in on me slowly adjusting my restraints each time without saying a word. For my part I stayed silent too. Eventually I found myself standing, spreader bars between my wrists and ankles, with long bars connecting vertically between each wrist to the ankle on the same side. The wrist spreader was attached to the ever-present overhead chain; I was hanging by my wrists with only my ballet booted feet able to touch the ground. I was blindfolded and still had my uniform ring gag in when I heard the door open.

"Dinnertime slut." It was little boy, I was actually relieved it was him. "Little boy hopes the slut likes Spaghetti-O's. Mistress said that is all you're getting tonight."

When he was done feeding me he gave me ten swats to each breast with a small flogger. "Good luck tonight slut; remember you brought this all on yourself. Your decision to kidnap people, trying to kidnap me, trying to attack me, trying to run away; If you had not decided to do any one of these you could be in a better situation right now. I'd try to get some sleep now; you will likely be in too much pain later."

I heard the door close and I was alone again. I decided to try to do as little boy advised.

I was awakened by the removal of my chastity belt, which was followed by my corset. "Anything to say for yourself before I begin?"

"Ease Istress ah sloch ss arwy see ried oo run!"

"You are not sorry enough yet, but you will be. If you were, you would have apologized to little boy when he fed you. Now it seems there are quite a few regions on you that are not red and welted. I am correcting that now."

I am sure I begged and pleaded for mercy, but they fell on deaf ears since none came that night. Every part of me from where my boots ended to my neck was beat by Mistress's arsenal of pain. Even my crotch was subject to the strikes from the canes, floggers, and cats. I was barely aware when the e-stim pads had been applied all over my body, or that my mouth, ass, and vagina were stuffed with phalluses. "Tomorrow I hope you will be a much better slave than you have been. For your own sake."

Again I heard the door close, followed by what felt like hours of white noise over the speakers. When Mistress's voice came booming through "YOU WILL OBEY!" followed by shocks to nearly my whole body. Then little boy's voice; "Obedience is pleasure." Suddenly the shocks stopped and the three devices filling me began stroking through me and vibrating. A pleasant tingle came from my clit and nipples also at this time. Just as suddenly they stopped "RESISTANCE WILL BE PUNISHED!" Mistress's voice exploded, once again joined by the return of the shocking. This began a litany of sound clips of Mistress and little boy saying varying phrases and the alternating of the pleasure and punishment meant to reinforce them.


"Slut are you still with little boy."

I opened my eyes to see little boy looking up at me, the concern was etched in his eyes. "Please forgive this slut little boy sir. She forced sir to punish her, and witness her get further punished for her deeds." The gag was out! That in itself was a surprise. I was talking normally, albeit my voice was a tad hoarse from screaming all night. 

"I'm going to apply this salve on your welts, little boy is sorry if he causes the slut more pain."

Honestly it felt soothing, he was gentle and made sure to work it in where it needed to be, if I wasn't in so much pain it could almost be sensual, no wonder Mistress had been so upset that I tried taking him from her. It was then I noticed all the electrical leads had been removed, as had the plugs.

Little boy eventually lowered me to the floor and removed the spreader bars and ballet boots, and replaced my wrist and ankle chains. "Rest for today, we will resume your duties tomorrow. I will bring you lunch later. Now I must go and get Mistress ready for today she was very sore and tired after dealing with you last night and wanted to sleep in. I laid down on my mat and was almost instantly asleep.

I was reborn that day, truly as Mistress and Sir's slut slave. I was conditioned to fear Mistress's wrath, and crave little boy's gentle guidance.

I had tried to be a model servant from that point on. I knew it was pointless to resist, I had nothing to return to, I had a price on my head, and my only sanctuary was here, as long as I was obedient.

I noticed Mistress and little boy being happier, and a slight more affectionate in my presence. A few months later Mistress had been leaving midday in what I had become accustomed to as her 'hunting clothes', skirt and suits that would blend in with her normal clientele. She had also spent a bit less time with customers, and dedicating it to research on her computer in her study, the only room that was also protected against my entry with the 'shock field'.

One morning little boy came in happy as can be carrying a bowl. I was getting breakfast, which only meant one thing: Mistress and little boy were going to be out most of the day and I would not be fed in the afternoon. I devoured the bowl of cinnamon oatmeal. "Sir what are you doing today?"

"It is a surprise slut, one of several for you today. Now let's get you daily toiletry done. Mistress will have both our hides if I am late."

I spent the rest of the day wondering what little boy had been so excited for. I enjoyed pacing in circles with my flat feet for a change. When little boy brought me dinner later he said Mistress would be prepping me for tonight's events.

When Mistress showed up she had an armful of black rubber and accessories. I was unlocked from all my adornment except the corset and chastity belt, and she had added my plug and rod plate. Even my shock collar was removed. She handed me a pair of goggles. "Put these on. Tonight you are going to be among people who may recognize you, these will help hide who you are, you can see out, but no one will clearly see in." 

When I had them in place, Mistress slid a rubber hood with an integral penis gag over my head, lining the goggles up with their respective hole as well as the nostril holes with my nose. As she tightened it up, the gag was forced deeper into my mouth. Soon Mistress had me in a rubber catsuit with the rod sticking obscenely out of me. The sleeves ended in a mitten so my hands were completely useless.

She did some checking at my neck where the hood and catsuit overlapped, and then slid a posture collar on me with a click it was locked on, preventing anyone from reaching the hood laces or the suit's rear zipper, along with preventing me from looking anywhere but ahead. 

Mistress looked at me through the goggles. "Good slut, you were without your collar and restraints and you didn't even try to run or resist."

I could have, if I had thought about it. I bet she was prepared for it if I had, but it had not even crossed my mind.

"One last thing girl, get down on your side, I'll help you." The final pieces of my ensemble were applied. A pair of traditional ballet boots with the thin heel was laced up my legs.

A sudden zap hit me at my neck. When Mistress stood me up she attached a leash to the front of my collar. "That was just so you realize you still can be punished, the electrodes pass through openings in your hood and catsuit neck. If you embarrass me tonight, I will let you on the streets like this and let it slip who you are." I don't know if she saw the fear in my eyes, but I could see in her eyes that she felt it in me.

I was led to the back door. I tried to resist as Mistress led me there. I knew nothing but pain waited me once I was within two feet of it. "Slut! Relax; do you think I would take you through the door if the invisible fence was on?"

She stared at me and I slowly shook my head the little I could. "Come on little boy is waiting for you, then I need to change. You will behave for him."

It was unspoken, but the 'Or else' in that sentence was clearly implied.

I was loaded in the back of little boy's car. I was required to lie on the seat facing the rear of the car because of the rod plate. Little boy buckled all three seat belts around me, pulling the slack out of the old fashioned middle belt. We drove for about twenty or thirty minutes until little boy's cell phone binged with a message.

When I was extracted from the car we were in front of the unmarked warehouse that was known locally in the BDSM circles as a bar named 'Knot Time'. Indeed a good number of people here would immediately recognize Brandy Stallton.

I touched little boy's arm to get his attention and shook my head, and made the 'knife cut to the throat' motion.

He leaned in close. "No one will recognize you. Hell I don't and I know who you are." He smiled at me. "You better hope no one is dressed just like you, we may not be able to tell who is who." He got serious. "Slut, trust in Mistress that she will not risk your life without cause. You have made her proud in recent weeks, which is why she has decided to bring you tonight for this special occasion."

I didn't resist as he led me in.

He checked his overcoat and shoes at the coat room. Under it he had been wearing a pure white leather body harness, with a groin pouch and thong rear. He led us to the front of the sitting area, near the dance floor and events stage. I thought back to the time I had had a slave or two on that stage, crops and whips flying.

We approached a reserved table and little boy directed me to kneel on the cushion. 

"Hey runt! The old lady is ready to start."

I saw the legs of the speaker out of the side of my goggles as the person sat next to me.

"I would never call her that, mostly because I still want my skin attached. Do you have the box?"

"Here it is kid. This her?"

"Yup! Slut this is Marvin; one of Mistress's oldest and dearest friends. He will be holding your leash while Mistress and little boy are on stage. He has Mistress's remote so no funny business." I turned to him and was not surprised that I knew him, but by where I knew him from. He was the bartender from the Grand Street Bar! The very same one I questioned the night before I broke into Mistress’s home. "Pay attention to Mistress and you will get the surprises I promised you this morning. Be good!"

Little boy left the table and took a kneeling spot just off center-stage. The spotlight hit him and the DJ or juke box was stopped. Another spotlight came on near the hall to the private play rooms. There was Mistress, looking stunning in a black wedding gown with red trim, but rather than satin and lace it was leather. I had to admit she had a great body, well-proportioned for her Amazonian height. She strode to center-stage to a standing applause.

When it died down she addressed the assemblage; "Thank you everyone, some of you have met my new slave, little boy, in recent months. Today we have made it official; we tied the knot so to say!" Another round of applause. "This afternoon it was the legal ceremony, in front of a judge; tonight it is the more important ceremony, the collaring of my slave." Once more a round of applause roared from those around me.

Little boy pulled a hinged stainless steel loop from the box the bartender gave him. The kind designed to look like a solid piece of metal when closed.

"Mistress Christine, with this collar, little boy promises to love, cherish, and obey you, to worship you as his superior, to be placed in bondage to you, to be disciplined as you see fit, to take care of all your needs, to be humiliated by you if that is your pleasure, to love no other, to submit to no one else unless you so command, to truly be whatever it is you desire, to in fact be your slave in every sense of the word for the rest of his natural life."

He handed her the stainless steel loop, which she took and closed around his neck, using a hex key to lock the retaining screw in place.

"My beloved slave little boy, I accept the gift of your very life with great love and emotion. With this bracelet I promise to love, protect, and cherish you, place you in bondage to my body and needs, to provide discipline when you misbehave, to dominate you during every waking moment, to indeed enslave you for the rest of our natural lives."

She handed him the bracelet and he locked it on her left wrist using the same hex key she had used on his collar. She kissed his forehead, and attached a chain to his collar while he connected the other end to her bracelet. She took his hand to make him stand. I had seen many collaring ceremonies; the Mistress accepting one from the slave was a new one to me.

"I do have one more announcement tonight. Some of you may have noticed that little boy called me Mistress Christine instead of Crystal as you most know me as. That was not a mistake. With the 24/7 slave husband, and the recent addition of our permanent live in house slave over there..." She motioned to me. I wanted the floor to swallow me at that moment, and I could see in her eyes she knew it too. "...who is affectionately known as 'the slut', I will be retiring as a professional dominant, and dropping the Crystal name. As some of you know, I have already started referring my clients to other professionals. If anyone has interest in picking up a few of them, send me an email with your preferred specialties and, if I know you well enough to do so,&nbsp; I will be sure to provide my appropriate clients with your contact info. Thank you all."

With the dying down of the last round of applause and hooting a romantic song played. Mistress and sir began dancing. If I could have I would have laughed. Little boy was living up to his name, the side of his head resting in Mistress's cleavage.

Marvin leaned down to my ear. "To think, I was there when she first decided he would be hers. Never thought she would get married. But then again if not for me, you may have got away with him that day. I guess I was their lucky charm."

He had been the one to tip Mistress off that I had been looking for her and little boy. That had made me hate him at that moment; if it was not fear of Mistress's retribution I would have slapped him. In the short of things that day so long ago, I likely could have eventually got the keys and made a clean get away before Mistress returned, except for this man's interference.

The rest of the night little boy was on his knees next to me or walking behind Mistress. I had known the two other Dominants at the table with us, their slaves were on their knees next to them in outfits identical to mine, less the rod protruding from my ass, and the fact one was male. One was Master Richard, who operated a well-stocked sex toy shop that specialized in custom clothing made by his slave. I had little doubt the near identical outfits that we three slave wore were manufactured by the beautiful latex creature next to him. The other was Mistress Helena, an independently wealthy lifestyle Domme. Rumors were her entire staff was paid well to also be her on-call slaves. She was rarely seen with the same slave two weeks in a row.

Many of the dominants came to congratulate Mistress, spending a few minutes admiring her two well behaved slaves. One Dom had asked to take me to the stage for some fun, but thankfully Mistress rejected him and said no one would be punishing her slaves tonight except her.

That night Mistress put me in my cell. "Sorry slut, but you will have to stay like that until tomorrow. I have more important business to attend to. My husband, your Master, waits for me in my bed after all." She gave me a sly smile. I didn't like it, but was powerless to do anything about it. "Oh by the way you will start calling him Master, as my husband little boy deserves that respect from you." Then I was alone in the dark, forced to lay on my sides or front on the cold floor.

-----

Though part of me still thinks it is wrong to call little boy Master (What good subby would call another submissive Master!) but ultimately I fear Mistress's punishment more than I value my own opinion.

Mistress brought me back to the present. "Slut this weekend I will see if your Uncle Marv wants to babysit you. Give little boy and me some alone time. What do you think?"

Great! A weekend with the perv bartender who likes to dress me up in sexy stereotype costumes. I would likely be cleaning his house dressed as a french maid. But at least it meant I was able to have a cock in my pussy later, even if I was playing a bound schoolgirl, cheerleader, or nurse. Sadly he has never managed to give me an orgasm, as he always finishes up too soon for me. 

"Ith had es ott Istress ants, is slach ill ake Uncall Arv happy for er."

She smiled at me. She knew I really hated her friend; she had rigged his home so I was trapped in it just as I was here. He had sworn to Mistress to protect our secret of my identity, which he only confirmed for himself by my reaction to his statement at the collaring ceremony. I had been left with him while Mistress and Master were on their honeymoon to one of Helena's Hawaiian beach homes. 

I may never forgive him for his part in my downfall, but on the other hand I also know it was much more my own fault. 

At least I am well cared for, Mistress is a fair person mostly. Definitely a fairer Mistress than I would have been in her shoes.

"Now go clean up the kitchen, I will take you down to your room shortly."

"Es Istress!"

Little boy entered the kitchen later and kissed my cheek above the gag strap. "Thank you slut, for making Mistress a wonderful dinner. Tomorrow I will help you catch up on your chores." 

I know I blushed; he always gave me warm feelings when he praised me. "Ank ou Aster or roteking is slach rom Istress ath."

"I will always try my best to protect you when you are following my instructions, but Mistress's decision is always final. Now hurry up, I have more planned for our Mistress tonight."










﻿Slaviversary 3 - Little Boy's Random Memories Pt 1
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

I was trapped in a device of my own making... literally.

Mistress had taken me to our king size bed and immediately stuffed me into the sack of her present. She kissed me through the opening and then slid herself into the shorts. I was immediately in heaven and began to try to send my wife and Mistress there too. I had succeeded, she finally tapped me on the head and told me to stop and I felt her flop back onto the bed. I had given her five squirting orgasms (something she claims she never experienced until she had me). Unfortunately that caused her to slip into what I like to call her 'Cunnilingus Comas' where she is so exhausted she literally passes out with me between her legs. Normally I am able to slip out and cuddle with her, sucking her nipples until she comes around.

Tonight I was trapped in the bag-shorts I designed for her. My face pressed into her wet pussy. My upper body was covered in her love juices and I could do nothing but sit here and think.

A year ago today Christine Cavanaugh made me her slave. I doubt even she knows how quickly it happened.

-----

I remember walking down my street, being dragged into the alley and with almost no fight what-so-ever I was doubled over trying to breathe. Then I felt the prick in my upturned ass and the feeling of weightlessness.

I awoke in a stark room with the only thing marring the solid gray walls was a door. There was a collar on my neck and a chain ran from it to the ceiling. Naturally I began screaming and threatening whoever was watching me. An hour later a woman's voice echoed around me to undress. 

"Hello? Please let me go, I'll give you whatever you want."

"I want you to take off your clothes." The voice echoed.

"Listen lady, I don't have much, but what I do....AHHHHHHH!" I fell in pain. I felt like I was being electrocuted by the collar.

I was barely conscious of the repeated command, as I started undressing and throwing my clothes near the door as instructed. I tried to garner more information on my situation, but was ignored.

When the door opened I was looking at a gorgeous leather clad giantess. She was so many of my fantasies in the flesh.

She picked up my cloths and turned to toss them out the door. I ran for her, I had to get the keys. When the chain brought me up short, I struggled to stay on my feet.

"Sorry boy, but it is too short for you to reach the walls. Not that you stand a chance against me even if you had the element of surprise." 

But that wasn't possible! The dimensions of the room combined with the length of the chain needed for me to lie on the floor, I should have almost two foot of length extra at the door. But indeed the chain came up too short.

I looked at her closely, peering beyond her intriguing clothes to her build and stature, there was something familiar about her, and I just couldn't place it. Meanwhile she was looking at me with this predatory look in those captivating brown eyes, like I was her next meal. I realized I was getting hard when she locked her gaze down there.

"You will call me Mistress at all times, you are now my slave, you are no longer Keith, you are hmmm, 'little boy' seems fitting. You are always..." 

The rest of her sentence barely registered. I suddenly had a shift in my whole sense of self. My rechristening as 'little boy' unlocked feeling and thoughts in me I had only marginally acknowledged before. I thought about those transcendentalist who say about how everything in creation has a unique and secret name that God had given them, and how If someone learned and invoked that name it gave them power over the person/item. In my heart I knew this Amazonian goddess had just done this with me.

I was brought out of my thoughts by another shock "I ask a question and you don't answer, you will be punished."

"Are you insane?"

Another shock. "Do you sense a theme little boy?"

The look of pleasure told me what I needed to do, in my mind I was already her loyal slave, but she needed the challenge "I resist you, I get punished."

Another shock. "I'm sorry what did you say? My ears must have been having an issue."

"Little boy will be punished if he resists Mistress."

"That's what I thought you said little boy. I am your life now. You will learn to serve me, both in domestic duties and to my sexual desires. You please me, you will be rewarded. It is in your best interest to keep me pleased. Do you understand?"

"I... uhhh... little boy understands Mistress." I pretended to cower in fear, when in truth I wanted to swear to serve her forever.

"Tonight enjoy your last night in relative freedom, tomorrow before breakfast you will be fitted for your slave shackles and chastity device. So if I were you, I'd take the chance to masturbate tonight, because you have no idea when the next chance to get off will be. If you do jerk off, you will eat your own mess. If I see a drop of your goo on the floor you will be beaten mercilessly. Is that understood?"

"Yes Mistress!"

"Good boy, you will thank me someday for being so strict with you." When the door clanged I knew I was alone again and finally looked up. 

I waited a few minutes, and then explored the puzzle of the chain. When I stood the chain shortened to only have a few inches of slack, when I lowered myself to the floor, it followed me. I moved toward the door and tried to keep the chain on an arced path, but I met with resistance. It didn't make sense unless there was something controlling the slack. The chain puzzle was partially solved, but of no real help until fully solved.

I decided to lie down. I began thinking of the woman who now claimed me and I was becoming excited. I have always been attracted to strong willed women, and had dreamed of being dominated sexually by them. I already knew I was not going to willingly leave her. The second I heard her call me little boy I was linked to her in my mind. I would do anything for her. But I read enough Femdom stories to know immediate submission would disappoint her. I needed to play along provide enough fight to keep her interested and giving her a sense of accomplishment.

Without thinking I had begun masturbating, I almost made myself stop, but then remembered Mistress's parting words.

As I was on the edge, imagining Mistress standing over me, I saw not the mask she wore earlier but a beautiful woman with shoulder length auburn hair staring down.

As I was eating my own sperm per Mistress's order, I remembered where I had seen the face my mind superimposed on my new Mistress's mask; a semi regular at the Grand Street Bar that was also an imposingly tall woman. I saw more than a few of the business men recognize her and almost go to her, but resist in fear. True genuine fear, like they knew she would destroy them.

The following day Mistress shackled me and locked my cock away as promised. She was dressed to exercise, but wearing the mask so I could not confirm my suspicion. I was pleased she was claiming me, putting me in these expensive restraints. It showed me she valued me.

When she was gone I ate the breakfast sandwich she gave me and experimented more with the chain, but still could not decipher the control mechanism. After I had exercised as instructed, I finally got the courage to drink the water Mistress left me, the very same cup of ice water she used to kill my hard-on before stuffing my penis into its stainless steel tube. 

Later Mistress fulfilled another of my fantasies, in giving me a forced enema while also forcing me to eat her out. I started out clumsy, truly due to my inexperience. I admitted my shame to her that I had not had much chance to learn the proper way to eat pussy, she firmly taught me how to do it. Once all three enemas were completed I was given a hose to wash the floor down, and she had ushered me into the shower enclosure to clean myself off.

When I was eating my salad that she provided for lunch, she told me I was required to be quiet in my cell today while she tended to her other slaves.

I was immediately jealous, and hurt. Maybe I was not special to her. She explained how she was a professional dominatrix, but I was her one true slave.

During my time alone I reviewed the last day, what I knew, what I had discovered in myself, and what I had learned from Mistress about cunnilingus.

When she brought me dinner, a simple microwave meal, I made small talk to keep her bonding with me. As I looked up I saw she had decided the mask was no longer needed. I was glad to see I was right, she was indeed the woman from GSB. Finally I couldn't resist anymore and had to tell her how beautiful I thought she was.

"Mistress, little boy thinks you are a beautiful woman, and you look even more beautiful close up than you do from across the room of the Grand Street Bar."

She looked shocked. "Slave, what makes you think you know me from a bar?"

I bit my tongue when 'Do you think I'm that dumb?' flew from my brain to my mouth. Instead I recovered with; "Little boy suspected he knew Mistress from there because he recognized your figure, so tall and fit. But when you came in without your mask it was obvious even to him."

She reached for her face in a panic. "Shit!" was her only verbal reaction to the turmoil I saw on her face. I realized she had not decided to reveal herself, she had just slipped up. She would go on the offensive to mount her defense to this error.

"You better make sure you please me now, that mask protecting my identity was the only thing that would have allowed you to return to your old life. Now if you fail to live up to my expectations, it will be a shallow grave in the mountains for you."

I thought it was an empty threat, but the seriousness of her tone and face made me doubt if I had misjudged my whole situation. I begged her to let me eat her pussy to show my willingness to submit. But she coolly dismissed the chance and left.

-----

Mistress twisted over in her sleep, dragging me with her. I shifted my position to keep the air holes open so I could breathe. Why do I always strive to be so precise? I figured out how I would be most immobile in this and had it made, then I go and eat Mistress into unconsciousness while I'm trapped in it. But if I am to be trapped anywhere I am happy it is engulfed in Mistress's scent, and in her bed. I trusted her she would come back to herself before I was in too much danger.

-----

Mistress had left for a run, telling me I should do my running in circles while she was gone. I had not even started when the door started opening. Shit! Had I lost myself in thought? She was going to cane me for this I had no doubt.

I got into a proper kneeling position before the door opened fully.

"Hello Mistress."

"I'm here to get you out."

I looked shocked at the beautiful blond with sparkling blue eyes who stood in the door. "Who are you?"

"Where are the keys to your collar?"

Who was she? Something about her felt wrong. She sounded worried, but the look in her eyes was saying 'Now I have you.' I did all I could not to look at the key on the door.&nbsp; "I don't know where she keeps them."

"They have to be here somewhere, have you ever seen them sitting anywhere?"

I moved back as far as the chain allowed me. I knew it would do me no good but it was something anyway. “Look lady, please just leave me. I don't want to go with you."

"Look this is a rescue. I'll hide you where she will never find you again."

"I don't want to be rescued!"

Anger burned in her eyes as she crossed the room and gave me a slap to the face. "Look shithead, I have an African warlord that has a preference for little sissy white men. He had already paid for your ass and sissy training when that bitch Crystal poached you. He thinks I'm already training you for his use. Tell me where the keys are or say goodbye to your balls!"

I may be small and submissive, but I am no sissy! I raised my hands up to defend myself when she drew a hunting knife on me. I might have been able to hold her off hand to hand, but this was another matter

"Please God no! Keep that knife away from me."

She grabbed the chain between my wrists and quickly had my arms useless over my head. I felt the cold edge of the knife pressing into me. "Tell me!" 

I wasn't sure if I had just pissed myself or I was cut, but I felt wetness inside my thighs.

I screamed, and as my scream died, a higher pitched one had started. Mistress was back. I saw the fear in her eyes, fear for my safety. I watched as the paddle connected with the base of the skull of my attacker, causing her to fall unconscious. I saw the red tinge on the blade of the knife as it skittered across the floor.

"Mistress, I'm cut! She tried cutting off my balls!" 

She quickly removed the cuffs and collar from me. "Go to the wet room, use a towel and put pressure on the cut now!"

I ran from the room, straight to the wet room closet. I saw the blood drippings on the floor when I sat on the toilet, pressing the towel over the cut. I was still all attached, allaying the worst of my fears.

Mistress walked past in a daze, so I called out to her.

She stepped back to the wet room, a look of mild shock on her face. Soon she had treated my cut and we were both sure it was not life threatening.

She was on her knees in front of me. For the first time since she had taken me her confidence was gone, not wavered like when she made the mistake with the mask, just gone. "Keith, why didn't you run when you had the chance?"

I needed to restore her faith in herself. I didn't want to come this far with a real Mistress and lose her. "I... umm little boy does not want to leave Mistress. He has dreamed of being a dominant woman's plaything all his life. He loves Mistress for giving him the chance to be hers. Little boy needs a Mistress to desire his adoration."

The tears began rolling, her face was a mess of emotions; fear, happiness, anger, relief. She fell into me and I wrapped my arms around her. She needed to be a plain woman and feel the comfort of a man's arms as she rode the emotional roller coaster. 

I was still afraid the whole event had weakened her resolve. She finally looked at me. She did not know what to do or say. I knew what had to be said, it rose from my heart, avoiding any cranial input. "Mistress, relax, it was a traumatic experience for us both. Little boy saw the fear in your eyes for his safety; he knows you care for him deeply. He is yours forever."

I felt the strength and conviction rise in her, it felt like she had literally drawn it from everything around her, myself included. I swear she even seemed taller when she stood. "Go upstairs, find my bedroom. Rest and wait for me there, I have some unfinished business down here."

The way she said it, I knew she was back; my Mistress had come through the emotional turmoil. "Yes Mistress!" I made my way to the upstairs for the first time.

I knew the house was large by the size of the dungeon. I was amazed at how big and normal the residence part looked, no sign of any BDSM lifestyle was apparent. I found the largest bedroom and laid out on the floor. It was so much more comfortable then the hard cement floor I was accustomed to in the recent weeks.



"Little boy?" I opened my eyes to see Mistress looking down at me. "I had almost thought you ran away after all. Why are you on the floor?"

"Little boy did not want to make Mistress mad by assuming she was allowing him in her bed."

She smiled sweetly at me, picked me up like a rag doll and lowered me to the bed. She looked at me with a deep regret and sighed. "Keith, if you want to leave I will let you go back to your old life. I allowed your life to be at risk, you have no reason to trust me nor do I deserve that trust."

"Mistress, little boy trusts you with his whole being. He has since you walked into his cell that first night. He felt a connection to you immediately. Please except little boy's service. He may have been taken by force, but his heart was yours the moment you spoke to him. That has not wavered in me, err him. Do not let the interloper's actions separate us." A thought crossed my mind. "You have saved little boy from her twice, Mistress is little boy's heroine."

"Twice?"

"Mistress beat her to little boy, if she had not little boy would be in that woman's dungeon instead, and just today you saved him from her."

"Hmm, so I have. Very well little boy, but now that you are here of your own free will, you will have more responsibilities, and more privileges, like being able to go grocery shopping for me. It seems your cell has itself a new occupant, so you will be sleeping with me. Unless I am with you, the dungeon is off limits for now. My normal clients need discretion. And I have her down there; I don't want you near her yet."

"What are you going to do with her Mistress? Who is she?"

"She is a whore who imagines herself a dominatrix. But evidently she has also taken to selling unsuspecting people as slaves." She gave me an evil grin. "As far as what I am going to do with her, she is going to pay for her trespass. She will be trained to be a servant herself. I will have a part for you in her training later, after you are healed and she has been brought down a few notches" She grabbed the TV remote and turned on the big flatscreen on the wall, the cell filled the screen. My attacker was now undressed and in my chains. "Let me know when she wakes up. I need to go disappoint a few slaves and postpone their appointments."

When she came back from making her calls I informed her that our guest was starting to move, but had yet to show signs of being awake.

"Keep an eye on her for now; I'm going to get dressed for work."

The woman finally stood up rubbing her neck, and looking around. She turned to the door and began to yell, collapsed to the floor, and shaking uncontrollably. I ran for the door that Mistress had disappeared through

"Mistress Crystal, she got up but I think she's having convulsions now!"

She was sitting on a small bench dressed in a bright red leather bodysuit, readying a pair of matching boots. "Easy little boy, relax, she is being shocked. She started talking; I turned on the silence function of the collar, something you never got the pleasure of becoming acquainted with. Every time she verbalizes she gets a shock. When she stops making noise she will be fine." She pointed to her feet. "Help me with my boots."

I was on my knees in an instant. I looked at the boots with amazement; they had a three inch platform, with at least a seven inch heel. I looked from the boot, to her, to the boot, and back to her. Why she would bother with platforms was astonishing.

She laughed as I slid them on her feet. It sounded like an angel singing to my soul alone. "Intimidation, it is needed when the subject is so strong willed. Where did you hear my name was Crystal? I did not tell you that."

"The woman said that was your name Mistress. Little boy is sorry if he has overstepped his place."

"To you little boy, It is Mistress Christine if you feel you must add the personal, but only when it is between the two of us. Crystal is my pro-domme name, and you will use it when we are among others of like mind here at home, or at any other scene. When I eventually take you out in general public it will be Christine, and you will talk normally at those times. I will still expect your total obedience regardless."

"Little boy understands Mistress."

She stood and did a turn for me. "Now do I look, scary enough?"

"To little boy; yes you are, but he thinks darker make-up and some punishment tools on your belt will add to the intimidation of the slut who attacked little boy."

"My thoughts exactly slave. 'The slut'? I like that! That may be her new slave name. See if you can come up with more possible names for her." She took my chin and made me look up at her. "I want you to watch on the TV to see how viscous I can be. You should feel fortunate that I have had an attraction to you the moment I saw you, and that has made me be gentle with you."

"Yes Mistress, Thank you Mistress." If she was being gentle with me, I'm afraid of what I am about to witness.

While it had been harsh, I'd seen more brutal online. Still I was glad I had not earned that treatment yet.

When Mistress returned I got off the bed and knelt in front of her. She looked upset as she entered so when she got to me I kissed the toes of her boots. "The audacity of that bitch! The uncaring whore deserves this." She grabbed me under the armpits and dragged me into an embrace. With the boots' height my face was pressed into the bottom of her breasts. "When I told her you were catatonic and she had cut your balls off, her only concern was her customer and self, not what she had done to another person. She could care less for your state because of her actions." She leaned over and kissed my forehead.

"Mistress, are you alright?"

"Yes little boy, I just, well I have compassion for my slaves. I try to give them what they need and strive to never exceed what they are able to take, and while I may threaten it, I assuredly would never do something that could do permanent harm. Her callousness just has me wound up too tight. I most definitely would never hold a knife to a struggling person."

She looked at me. "Keith something I said down there really hit home to me too. I am really no better than her. I wanted to keep you for myself despite what you had desired, she wanted to sell you. I was greedy to the flesh, for her it was the money.&nbsp; You ended up a victim regardless. You're decision to stay does not take away from that." She squeezed me so tight I thought I was going to pop. "I was close to becoming someone like her, and that scares me."

With some effort I pulled myself back so I could look up past her breasts. "Mistress, why did you choose me to take as your slave?"

"As soon as I saw you I knew you wanted... no, needed a dominant woman, as much as I needed a submissive man. I felt an inverted kinship. I could tell you were too introverted to admit it to anyone but yourself, and I hoped by forcing you into the situation, you would come to adore serving me."

"Mistress, don't you see the difference then? Your instinct told you I needed you to save me from my own self. You took me to help me, and yourself, in hopes we were each other's 'one'. I sure as hell would have never tried to approach you, you are so far out of my league, but whenever I saw you at the GSB, I was always drawn to your... aura of control. You always seemed to be in charge of all around you."

"But that is no excuse."

"Mistress, I am thankful you took me. I forgive you as long as you keep me as your own and you promise to not do it to anyone other than that bitch downstairs. Now please stop this self-flagellation. You are infinitely better than her. For little boy's sake." I gave her my best smile.

"You're right, and for that I will not punish you for not talking as a proper slave of my home." She gave me a wink and another squeeze. "Thank you, your acceptance of me, despite all that has happened to you, is the only thing that makes this worthwhile." She let me go, spun me around, and pushed me away. "Now go make yourself useful and make my lunch."



The next day we took the rental van that Brandy had brought and left it in front of her house. We loaded boxes into the back seat and trunk of Mistress's car. When she had gone through them Mistress informed me I would have been Brandy's nineteenth victim.

"Mistress what are we going to do about this? We are not going to just sit on this are we? Those people need to be helped."

"No we are not going to let those people suffer for much longer, but I need a few days more before we can turn this over to the authorities. I'm going back tonight."



I remember Mistress having me watch the news networks, recording all I could on the people our information rescued. On the day I saw about the fire at Brandy's house, I was waiting at the stairs when Mistress came up from her daily humiliation/torture session with our guest.

"Mistress you must see this!"

"Can't it wait?" she groused as I dragged her to the living room. I played the recording. "Are you sure that is her..." Just then the reporter started explaining it was the house of the suspected slaver wanted by the FBI. "Wow, we have to add that into the final tape little boy. Good job."


I remembered the look on the slut's face when I walked into her cell for the first time, just after Mistress had shaved her bald. Shock, shame, and hatred. The fear she had when she found out I could punish her through her collar was priceless, and after what she did to me she had reason to fear. 

Then when Mistress left and I began dressing her in her daily uniform she tried to convince me to release her and run away with her. I gave her a piece of my mind, barely resisting the urge to slap her.

Her pleading look as I locked the chastity belt in place brought a thrill to me. When Mistress dropped the key for the lock in the beaker of acid, I thought she was going to faint. I had been surprised by that also, not to mention I had not known Mistress had even changed my own lock. I surmised she did it last night after using me for her pleasure.

When Mistress was arranging her for the final performance I used the controls for the chain length to set it so she could not lower her head. Mistress had eventually told me the secret to the control was a radio transmitter in the lock that attached the chain to the collar. The receiver was in the ceiling directly above and it adjusted the winch according to where the transmitter was in relationship to it.

Her shame was multiplied when Mistress had me ass-fuck her as she was watching our version of the old movie news reels. That was a new experience for me, one I had never anticipated having, and enjoyed doing. 

I wasn't sure if she was more upset by the fact Mistress had undone her life's work, that she took her money, that her home was gone, or that she was a wanted person (by the law and criminals alike).

That evening as I prepared the slut for bed, I began laying the groundwork for Mistress's good cop/bad cop training plan. I was of course going to be the good cop, trying to make life bearable for my new charge, while Mistress was going to make her life as miserable as she could.


All in all everything went smoothly until the day the slut sealed her fate. I had just gone to the bathroom off the kitchen (Peeing sitting down due to the chastity tube was something I was still getting accustomed to.), when the control for the sluts collar beeped. My instructions if that ever happened were clear. 

I found her jerking in agony by the front door. I dragged her far enough back from the field projected by the wires embedded in the wall around the door that the collar stopped shocking her. 

I went to the coat closet and came back with the hogtie chain and cane. She was secured that her hands were pinned to her sides. Her normal wrist chain was already linked to the front of the collar, the new chain held her wrists tight across the back and held down by the chain to her feet. She was face down with her elbows high behind her when I began caning her. Mistress had told me if this needed to happen that I was supposed to force myself to cry so it would seem that I was distressed by the actions I needed to take in punishing the slut.

When Mistress returned she closed the door quickly upon seeing the sight. She soon had me stuffing my cock in the slut’s mouth through her ring gag, while she herself pushed her own pussy in my face. All too soon she was gone. I feared I had made a horrible mistake. She ensured me I had been perfect and had the slut try to pull away from me. She failed because her gag was smaller than my hard on. 

Mistress proceeded to cane her mercilessly. I had never had such a blowjob. I knew it had been humiliating for the slut, not to mention painful. Mistress explained to her about the invisible fences keeping her confined to the home. Something I had learned about just before we started the slut on her domestic duties.

When I was finally able to force myself free of her gag, I glared at her in disgust as I replaced my cock cage. I was genuinely mad at her for trying to run. "All you had to do was follow the rules. If you run away, the police will come and arrest Mistress and take her away from little boy. You don't deserve my sympathy if you are going to do dumb things like that."

She looked guiltily up at me, but said nothing as I turned and left her on the living room floor.

That night as I was making dinner Mistress set out a can of Spaghettio's "That is all she gets tonight. After you feed her come upstairs and clean up from our dinner and relax. Watch TV or whatever, just stay off the closed circuit for her cell. You do not need to see what I am going to do tonight."

"Mistress, what are you going to do?"

"Never you mind! I do not want or need your input on how to punish my slave!"

"Little boy is sorry Mistress, he didn't..."

"I know you are just being your gentle, forgiving self. But I can't do that with her, it is too big a risk. Just tonight I need to put her in her place before she gets too brave. I do want you to lay a bit of a guilt trip on her after she eats. Maybe take a few liberties with a small flogger, to let her know she has let you down."

"Yes Mistress, little boy will do that for you."

I had to feed the slut myself because Mistress had her trussed up in a standing spread-eagle. She was blindfolded, so she was completely unaware when I took my first swing with the small flogger to her defenseless breasts. I taunted her that she was the victim of her own decisions and left her alone.

Mistress had been setting up a machine with a series of wires that looked like medical leads when I crossed through the main dungeon area. I set my tray down near the steps and went to her and kneeled, kissing her feet. "Mistress would you like anything from little boy? He is willing to help."

"Stand and kiss me."

I wasn't about to argue, especially with the mood she was in.

"Thank you my faithful slave, but tonight I must do something that you should never see. Just be ready to comfort me when I come up. I will be sore, I may be emotional. I have never gone as far as I intend to go tonight with a person."

"Little boy understand Mistress, please don't lose yourself. The slut is not worth that."

"I know, now get moving."

I was about to climb the steps when I decided she needed to hear one more thing; "Little boy loves you Mistress."

Leaving the lower door into the dungeon open, I climbed the steps, and I swore I heard her say "I love you too." as the door closed.

It was just before midnight when Mistress finally came to her bedroom. I had been reading a book, trying to stay awake and resist the urge to turn on the cell cam. Her t-shirt and shorts were soaked with sweat. She looked completely wiped, physically and emotionally, as she peeled off her clothes.&nbsp; I raced from the bed to help her, collecting her clothes and carrying them to the hamper. Mistress just walked straight across the room to the bathroom. I followed her in.

"Mistress are you okay?"

She gave me a sad smile. "Yes dear, I need a shower is all. When I'm done I need a good massage. Get out the muscle relaxer cream and wait for me."

"Yes Mistress."

She placed her hand on my shoulder as I went to walk away. "No more Mistress tonight. Christine needs Keith more than I need to dominate. Okay dear?"

I tried to look sympathetic. "Yes my love."

After what sounded like a pleasurable massage, which focused on Mistress's back, arms, and shoulders, we cuddled under the blankets. 

After a very passionate kiss Christine held my face so I was forced to stare her in the eyes. "Keith baby, when did you stop pretending to submit to me?"

"I never stopped because I never started."

"Do you really think I couldn't tell you were hiding something from me?"

"I never said that, I said I never pretended to submit. I will admit I pretended to resist."

She held my gaze. I allowed my eyes to hide nothing from her stare. "You are serious! You purposely disobeyed me as an act. Why?"

"I was afraid if I didn't put up at least some struggle, you would lose interest in me. You wanted to play cat and mouse with me so I gave it to you." I reached up and took her hand. "After I saw your look when you charged in to my rescue, I knew the act would not be needed after that."

"Thank you, you are my wonderful man. Please do not think any less of me when you see the slut."

"How could I think any less of a Goddess?"

She gave me a weak smile. "My first appointment is at 11, wake me at ten and have a light breakfast and coffee with you. Sometime before then but after 8 you may go tend to the slut. Remove all the leads and devices, treat her with the welt salve from the medical cabinet, and then let her down. Add her normal wrist and ankle cuffs, and let her rest for the day."

"Okay. I think you need some sleep now." I wrapped my arm around her and she rested her head on my shoulder.

"Yes sir!" She said with a smile and a kiss to my chest.

I woke a little after 7:30, but did not leave bed until nearly 8. I had to slip from between Mistress's legs to leave the bed; she had wrapped them around me in her sleep.

I found a CD player plugged into the the audio panel of the cell's control board. I had not been prepared for the sight I beheld in the cell. The slut was hanging limply in the frame of spreader bars as she had yesterday when I fed her, medical leads ran from nearly every part of her and back to some device. She was still blindfolded, she had a gag in and a leather belt set around her waist and through her crotch. Additional wires went from the belts and gag to the device also. The woman's skin was an angry red, with lines of raised welts everywhere from the neck down to where her boots started at her shins. The floor was littered with various whips and canes, some of the canes were snapped in pieces.

I cleaned up all the weapons and remains of the broken ones first. The only sign of life from the slut was the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed. I gathered up and removed the wires from her body, and when I laid them over the device I saw it was not a monitor as I thought, but a control. "Sweet mother of God!" I looked at the slut and began to realize just how much she had angered Mistress, and I was thankful I was in her good graces.


When I had the room clear except for her chains, I tried to wake her. I was about to go get Mistress out of fear when slut looked up at me. A weak smile came to her face when she saw me. "Please forgive this slut little boy sir. She forced sir to punish her, and witness her get further punished for her deeds."

I was shocked she seemed genuinely sincere. I watched her as she flexed her jaw. "I'm going to apply this salve on your welts, little boy is sorry if he causes the slut more pain."

She oohed and awwed, and flinched a few times but she seemed to appreciate the effort I put in on her behalf.

She curled up on her sleeping mat when I was done. I swore she even looked content.

From that day on she seemed to be a new, better slave. She always did what I asked with a smile in her eye, and moved even faster when Mistress spoke.

-----

Mistress rolled again, I felt myself come to a stop uncomfortably on my legs and arms, my belly in the air. Man, she was in an unusually long sex stupor tonight. I should be proud I guess, but at the moment I'd rather be having my wife in my arms (or as more typical for us, me in her arms).

-----

One evening Mistress had left herself a clear schedule, when I returned from settling the slut in for the night Mistress called me to the living room and pulled me down in her lap. "Little boy I have something to tell you. I have found a man I want to marry."

I was shocked! Jealous and hurt. "Mistress what of little boy and slut?"

"Well slut has no choice in the matter; you may still serve as my slave."

"Little boy is yours, you know that Mistress. But what will your husband think of little boy? Will he be jealous, or want to use little boy for sex too?"

"Is that a problem?"

"Little boy does not like men Mistress, but he will suffer it if it means he can stay with Mistress and she is happy."

She gave me a smile so sweet I thought I would have melted in normal circumstances. But right then the woman I love had told me she is going to marry."

"I think you even know the man I want to marry..."

I know him! Who was she going to marry, my old boss or one of the coworkers? That would be humiliating, being a slave to a former colleague.

"...His name is Keith Urnst."

"Mistress... that... is my name!"

"So can you live with Keith Urnst being my husband, and little boy as my slave?"

I stared at her, my mind reeling and trying unsuccessfully to process my thoughts. I couldn't get any words to form in my mind or mouth.

She raised an eyebrow at me "I should take that as a 'no' then!"

Fear of blowing my chance jump-started my brain. "Little boy would be proud to be Mistress's husband, he is... just shocked you think so much of him."

"Keith you are my world. You have earned my respect and love by being what I need in life. You rise to be my strength when I am weak, you are my conscious when troubled, my faith when I am low. Without you I am a hair's breadth from being someone like Brandy Stallton was. I need you more than you can understand."

I leaned into her resting my chin on her ample bosom. "Thank you Mistress Christine, I will always try to be what you need of me."

"There will be changes here. First off I am retiring from being a dominatrix, and returning to the finance industry. Eventually it will be you and the slut as my only slaves." She hugged me. "I will not make as much, but I have quite a bit of a nest egg on my own, plus the money I siphoned from the slut's accounts. Evenings will be with you instead of my clients. In theory I don't need to work for several years. But I would rather have an income and hold onto that for a rainy day."

"Mistress, little boy is so happy, he wants to tell the world!"

"I appreciate that, but keep it quiet. I do not want other Doms poaching my clients. I'd prefer to personally match them up with Doms of similar tastes. And don't tell the slut."

"Little boy will stay quiet until Mistress says otherwise."

She patted my cheek. "Tonight we will celebrate; you will meet some of my friends. I have laid out clothes for you on the bed in the bedroom next to mine, or should I say our bedroom. Go; be waiting for me at the door in twenty minutes."



When Mistress parked her Mercedes we were in a reserved spot behind the Grand Street.

"Mistress, why do you have a reserved spot at the GSB?"

She laughed. "I am an owner, only 10% but enough to warrant a spot. That was why I preferred it here to hunt for clients. Many of the regulars are client slaves. You know how to behave in here right?"

"Yes Crystal, I am but a normal man, on the arm of a goddess."

She smiled at me "You figured that out quick enough. Flattery may get you out of that cock cage tonight, and a few martinis will help."


We strolled in, I the little man in a pair of khakis and button down shirt, holding hands with the glamorous woman who stood nearly a head taller than the crowd. Mistress Christine went with a conservative skirt, with a not so conservative side slit, a low cut blouse that showed a fair amount of cleavage, and just three-inch heels, which put her nipples at my eye level.

We were halfway to the bar when I heard some man mumbling about who the loser was with Crystal. I saw her gaze as she looked over my head at the man. I knew the look: 'You will pay for that!' I looked and the man's face was white as a ghost. I knew then that he was a client slave that had just earned himself an extra punishment on his next visit.

The bartender came out to greet us. "So the runt has been with you all this time after all?"

Mistress took the bartender into a one armed hug. "Yes Marv, thanks to you. Your call allowed me to prevent that woman from kidnapping him that day."

"I saw she was wanted now. Was that your doing?"

"Letting the authorities know, yes, the rest no."

"The usual? And for the runt?"

"Yes, just one beer for him then he will be having soda."

We sat at a table and Mistress held my hand still. We drew a fair amount of attention. "Crystal, so many men are looking at me with jealousy. I'm not sure I could show my face here again without you."

She leaned across the table and kissed me. "Not that you are likely to be out drinking without me, but I think any man here that is jealous enough to threaten you about being with me, will know better now."

"So Marv knew you had your sights on me?"

"Yes and no. He knew I was eyeing you up, but he had no idea I was going to do what I did. He only suspected I had you when our roomy came looking for you."

A slow song started. "Crystal will you give me the honor of a dance." She gave me an impressed look and led me to the floor.

We danced to several songs even after the slow song and Mistress was having a good time pushing me around the floor. When we left we had only managed to down two drinks each. But Mistress had somewhere else she wanted to go so we left saying goodbye to Marv on our way out. 

She drove us to the warehouse district. We stopped at a busy establishment amongst the 'closed for the day' businesses.

"Take off your shirt and pants; I want to show off my property."

I got the distinct impression we were about to enter into the BDSM bar Mistress left to visit some nights. I was quickly down to the spandex bodysuit that had been set out for me at home. Mistress attached a collar and leash to me. "So no other Domme can lure you away." She explained with a smile.

Once we were in a man in a full latex butler suit approached us. "Mistress Crystal, my Mistress has held a place for you at her table."

We were led to a table occupied by a man our age and an older woman, likely in her late forties or early fifties, still strikingly beautiful, with gray hair. The table had four chair and four cushions on the floor. The man stood as Mistress sat. I waited standing beside Mistress as the butler knelt next to the older woman.

The three dominants exchanged pleasantries for a bit. The older woman, Mistress Helena, stood and approached me. "So this is the slave you’re so proud of Crystal? He's a bit scrawny. I'll tell you what, my assistant has decided to apprentice to me, and she could use a small fry to cut her teeth on. I'll trade you one of the young studs from my stable for this one. One of them is even taller than you."

"That's very generous, but I'm quite fond of little boy. He is very important to me." Mistress motioned me to kneel and I did. I made sure to stay very close to her. 

The conversations carried on around the butler and I, he stayed as silent as I was being. When a beautiful creature in the tightest fitting leather outfit I'd ever seen came and knelt between Master Richard and myself. I couldn't help but admire her.

He smiled at me. "Little boy, Do you like my slave? You seem to be staring at her."

I felt Mistress's eyes burrowing through the top of my head. "Master Richard sir, indeed she is nearly as beautiful as my Mistress, but it was the cut of her clothing that caught my attention. It is almost as if each piece was sized and shaped just for her."

"Indeed Rebecca is a perfectionist, and an excellent fetish seamstress. This is her own work, as is your bodysuit. So nice and tight and perfectly fitted is it not? And that was sized just from a picture."

"Yes it is sir. Thank you Slave Rebecca for your fine work." The young lady blushed and giggled at my praise. Mistress's hand rubbed my hair; she must have been pleased with how I handled myself. 

A ruckus by the stage had caught all our attention. A Master was dragging a male slave over. The slave was resisting but was soon attached to a whipping post and receiving a true beating.

Mistress Helena began hovering around me again. "Crys...."

"No Helena, he is mine. I don't care what you have to offer."

She was taken aback by Mistress's snap, as had several of the people nearby. "Well if he is such a good slave, how about he competes in a race with Butler Gerald? Your slave wins, you get $50,000. Gerald wins, I get this little boy." 

I turned to look at Mistress to beg her not to, I was no physical match to Gerald; his stride was nearly as long as I was tall. I saw the determination in Mistress's face, the determination to win, not resist. "It's on! Richard will you officiate?" 

I nearly cried as I gripped her leg.

"Of course my dear ladies." He turned to the bar and yelled; "Get out the chairs!"

Soon a pair of gynecologist chairs were on the stage, and a crowd had gathered.

Richard addressed the crowd. "For those unfamiliar with 'The Slave Races' here is how it works; The Mistresses will be restrained to the chairs, gagged and blindfolded. Their slaves will also be blindfolded, and have their hands cuffed behind their back. The slaves will proceed to eat out the Mistress they are placed in front of, when both Mistresses have had an orgasm, the slaves will switch and we will start over again. The Mistress whose slave makes both Mistresses orgasm in the least time wins. And to make this one more interesting, Crystal and Helena have wagered little boy, Crystal's new slave that she has been bragging about, versus a pretty sum of Helena's money."

"Pocket change!" Helena quipped and the crowd laughed.

Gerald and I were let into a side hall and we were properly restrained and they explained to us what was expected of us in the competition. When we were returned I was pushed to my knees, presumably in front of one of the women.

"Ready... Set... GO!"

I dove forward and found myself too low, planting my nose in a pussy and my tongue in the anus. I proceeded to rim whoever it was for good measure and then moved upward to the pussy. I immediately began as Mistress had taught me and I soon tasted juices unfamiliar to me. I was sure I had Helena! I altered my tongue's patterns feeling for slight changes as I explored. I had managed to identify three hot spots that the woman reacted to most strongly and attacked them and the clit at random intervals. I was sure I had her ready to burst. I dove my tongue in deep, and ground my nose over the clit. She tightened, shook and collapsed.

"Slave B, mark 7 minutes, 18 Seconds, Slave A still working."

Finally they announced Gerald’s success and just over 10 minutes. If I was correct I would easily win! Mistress has trained me well in how to please her. I was made to move in front of my next target, and the women were given a few minutes to recover. 

"Round 2! Ready... Set... GO!"

I aimed a little higher this time and found the still wet pussy on my first try. But again the pussy tasted different than I expected. I aimed for Mistress's hot buttons and got a reaction out of only one of them. This was not my Mistress either! I was duped! I proceeded to explore and soon repeated my performance on the earlier woman who I had a growing suspicion was not Helena. When I was sure I had the woman ready I went in for the kill shot and was rewarded with a squirting orgasm.

"Slave B, mark 4 minutes, 45 seconds. Impressive, we may have a new champion. Slave A may stop since he has no chance of winning!"

When my blindfold was removed, I immediately looked around and I saw Mistress smiling at me around a cleave gag, to the side of the woman I had been servicing, who was also looking at me in admiration.

Richard cleared his throat; "It is official people Slave B, AKA little boy, has broken the record for the Male Slave Cunnilingus Race by 8 seconds. Congratulations to Mistress Crystal!"

Back at the table the Dominants had a good laugh at our surprise with the last minute swap of Mistress for two volunteered slaves. Supposedly since I was a slave that serviced my Mistress almost daily and Gerald was one of many who had not had the same one on one time with his Mistress, it was decided the swap would be in the interest of fair play.

"I knew I was going to win," Mistress boasted, "there was no way my new fiancé was going to risk losing his dream Domme for an old hag like you."

"Old hag! You only hope you can look this good at 58." Helena’s turned her head to continue talking to Richard, about indignities of youth when her jaw dropped mid-sentence. She looked at Mistress, then to me and back to Mistress. In a hushed tone she said, "Christine did you just say fiancé? My Goodness, you risked the man you want to marry?"

"I had to show you one of the reasons he's worth keeping, but then you had to whine that Gerald has not had real quality time with you. I know you saw the size of his crotch, and that's locked up, when it's loose it fills me up and then some. Besides how could I pass up that kind of money on a sure thing?"

I was blushing, even more so when I noticed Richard and Rebecca were both openly eyeing my groin.



After some serious adjustments to the seat I was driving home, since Mistress had been drinking it was the safe thing to do. "Mistress may little boy ask a question?"

"Only if I can ask one too."

"Does Mistress Helena know your real name? He swears he heard her call you Christine."

"Yes, six years ago I was Helena's financial consultant; she introduced me to the dominant lifestyle. She actually tried to enslave me to her, but soon gave up when she recognized the Domme in me and took me under her wing as a dominant-in-training. She has more money than the country, so when she said 50K was pocket change; she was not joking. Richard is an old friend also, introduced through Helena. They are silent business partners to a degree; she is an investor in his sex shop business." She placed her hand on my knee. "My turn. When they removed the blindfold from you, you immediately looked for me, you knew I was not one of the girls you serviced, didn't you?"

"After he tasted the first one, little boy assumed you would be the second. When he tasted the second, he knew it was not you either and that he had been tricked. Was Gerald completely surprised?"

"Oh yes, but he was also very scared since he had failed his Mistress. I doubt Helena waited long after they got in her limo before starting his punishment. She hates loosing face in public. Even if it is to a woman she considers an adoptive daughter. You made me proud little boy, both on stage and off. Just be wary of both Richard and Helena. I love them both dearly, but they have a tendency to feel obliged to use a defenseless slave."

"Master Richard likes men?"

"Let's just say he and Helena are equal opportunity, but he does prefer slaves of the female persuasion."


Over the following weeks I met several other Doms that were friends of Mistress and their submissives (not all were slaves). One Friday night she even had the man who had made the snide comment at the GSB accompany us to Knot Time. He was masked before we left home, and locked in a pillory on stage at the Knot Time, where I delivered the first ten minutes of his all night ass beating with a soft cat o' nine tails.

One day the doorbell rang. I looked to the slut and she nodded her head that she understood. We had done this drill enough times when there were deliveries. She immediately went to the basement door; opening the residence side door she walked in and waited in the stairwell between it and the heavy soundproof dungeon door at the bottom for me to give an all clear. Meanwhile I slipped into a sweat suit that I kept near the door to be decent when answering it.

When I opened the door I was shocked to find Helena standing there. I was unsure what I should say or do since I knew her true nature. A quick evaluation showed she was alone and there was no neighbors within earshot.

"Please come in Mistress Helena, little boy's Mistress is occupied for another twenty minutes." I turned and went to lead her into the house. "Would you care for something to... What?"

My hands were cuffed behind my back, and I was pushed to the floor. I struggled as my legs where restrained and pulled into a strict hogtie. I looked down the hallway to see slut's face, eyes huge, through the crack of the door. She could not see my attacker, nor could Helena see her. I locked eyes with her, trying to convey my fear and yelled one word. "Mistress!"

"She can't hear you, I know that door at the bottom is too heavy and the whole basement is soundproofed."

I saw the slut nod and the door close as I tried to make enough noise to drown out the sound of the latch closing.

I resisted Mistress Helena as much as possible, but I was already restrained too well, keeping, my mouth ungagged by refusing to open for the ball gag she produced. She made to pinch my nose, but I was prepared, and had taken a deep breath and continued breathing through clenched teeth.

"Helena I hope this is a social call, and not what it looks like."

Helena looked at me accusingly. "You said she was busy for twenty minutes yet!" She smiled up at my Mistress. "Just playing with the boy toy while I waited my dear."

"I came upstairs when I felt a disturbance of another woman with hands on my man." Mistress picked me up and lifted me over the back of the couch and setting me on the cushions. "Well tease him as he is, no gags; use his tongue if you want. I'll be up when I sent this client on his way at the end of his session." 

Mistress vanished down the hall.

"Ohhh what a bad day for me to have worn a rubber bodysuit without a zippered crotch under my dress." She gave me an evil smile "Is the little boy ticklish? Wait! Don't answer, I like surprises." 

I laid there defenseless against the oncoming assault by the elder Domme.










﻿Slaviversary 4 - Little Boy's Random Memories Pt 2
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

I was trying to catch my breath as I lay, still hogtied, on Mistress's leather clad lap. I was bare from my chest to my knees. Helena had pulled the waists of my sweatpants and shirt in opposite directions so she could tickle me more efficiently, and Mistress had seen no reason to alter that.

"So what do we owe the honor of a visit from you Helena?"

"I was thinking Chris, maybe when you get married to this little one, maybe you should consider a collaring ceremony too."

"That's a great idea! Why didn't I think of it?"

"Because you're a lovesick little girl and I'm the rational lady." Helena teased with an infectious smile.

"Mistress, please excuse little boy, but what is a collaring ceremony?"

She rubbed my head. "It is like a wedding ceremony for doms and subs. You would vow to be my loyal slave, offer me the collar, and I would put it around your neck. Symbolizing you belong to me willingly. Would doing that at Knot Time interest you little boy?"

"Are those delayed tears from being tickled by me, or tears of joy?"

"Joy Ma'am. Yes Mistress, little boy will be honored to let Mistress collar him publicly, anywhere!"

Mistress sighed. "I just wish I could make the slut watch it in person."

"Why would you want that whore Brandy there?"

"A reward her for being such a good slave since her conditioning session, and to rub it in that little boy and I are happy together. But someone will easily recognize her."

"Mistress! Little boy has an idea! Please untie him and he will do a few quick sketches of the idea for you and Mistress Helena to look at."

"Do you honestly think that ploy will work child?"

"If it isn't a good idea, I'll let you take him home for the night."

"Oooh goody! I'll finally get a chance at him."

I was released and given twenty minutes in the study to prepare.

I was ready with the basic concept in ten minutes, and used an additional eight to clean up the final presentation.

Mistress had quickly turned off the TV when I opened the study door. I knew what they were watching, the recording of the slut's beating and conditioning the night she tried to run. I could hear my own voice and Mistress's repeating mantras of submission while I worked. I had never known what Mistress had intended when she had me record those little saying back then until I heard that video.

I set my easel up and placed the sketches in order on it.

"Mistress may little boy make his presentation in normal speak?"

"Yes, that's fine little boy."

"Thank you. First we will start off with tinted swim goggles to hide slut's eyes." I flip the first blank page over showing a head with the aforementioned article, the kind like the professional swim teams wear. "If we must, we can get normal goggles and use spray-on window tint." I reveal the next sketches. "These will be covered by a mask, with appropriate openings for the goggles, and breathing. Oh and a gag inside to keep her quiet. Next a full bodysuit, the arms ending in thumbless mittens."

Helena interrupted me. "These are excellent drawings, he has talent."

"Yes I've sold several of his drawings to the BDSM publishers for their magazines, and he has done some commissioned art to accompany some of their stories." Helena seemed truly impressed.

I continued: "My thought is she will wear her normal corset, belt and rear shield, so the bodysuit should accommodate her measurements in them and allow for the rod to extend out." I flipped over to the last sketch; I took extra care to make the finale super detailed, almost photo quality. "Finishing it off with a posture collar, leash and ballet boots. Little boy thinks the posture collar should include the typical shock control as the slut's daily collar has."

"I do believe my little boy is staying where he belongs tonight." Mistress beamed with pride at me, her diabolical little slave.

"I don't know. Won't this be a little conspicuous, even for Knot Time? Sure we get an occasional dolly fetishist, or all over catsuit, but this is beyond them even."

"Hmm, perhaps, but not if all the other slaves at our table wore the same basic outfit, a fetish bridal party so to say. Any of your slaves capable of walking in ballet heels?"

"God yes, most. But I think Martin would be my best choice, I would want to be accompanied by a male that night, and he is the best on ballet heels of the males."

"Don't think I know him. Rebecca would literally jump at the chance to make and wear this outfit. Of course as far as I'm concerned Martin and Rebecca's outfits do not require the shock, or anti-sit rod features. But I think otherwise they should be the same."

"Yes, Rebecca already has Martin's measurements, what about that whore's?"

"I'm not sure if she has ever used them for any custom outfits, and Richard doesn't know who she is.&nbsp; I don't think I want to take the risk of them knowing who she really is either."

"I think we have a measurement form online, let me check real quick." Helena looked on her smartphone. "Yes I just emailed it to you."

"Fine, thank you dear." Mistress looked at me. "Tonight you take her measurements."

"I'm going to the shop next. I'll discuss it with Richard about our idea and call you tonight."

"OK my last session ends at 8:30 tonight." Mistress looked at the clock. "And my next one begins in ten minutes. Little boy see Mistress Helena out and I'll send the slut up in a few minutes." Mistress turned to Helena and pointed an accusatory finger at her. "She better find him just how he is now or you may find yourself spread eagle in your own dungeon the next time I'm over."

They did the cheek kiss thing and Mistress went downstairs. 

"Your Mistress is the only person alive who could make that threat and not pay for it. And likely the only one who could follow through on it. It's tempting to do anyway, but I do need to get going. It was fun playing with you little boy. Next time I'll make sure to wear something easily removable or that can be opened."

She gave me a big grin and kissed my forehead.

"Your Mistress has good reason to be proud of you."

"Thank you Mistress Helena, coming from you, that means a lot to little boy."

With that she was gone.

I put my easel away in Mistress's office (the one room in the house protected by the invisible fencing). The slut nearly tackled me as I came out and wrapped her arms around me. 

"Is sloch ss orry ir! He as eared or itta oy, nn idn't nah ot o hoo. Ent or Istress as ir haid." 

"Nothing to be sorry for slut, you did just as you were supposed to. I'm proud of you, you were a good girl." She blushed and hugged me tighter. "Now we have to make up the time we lost in our duties"

"Eth ir."


That night I used a rope and a normal toolbox tape measure (Mistress did not have a cloth measuring tape) to get all the measurements on the sheets our Mistress had printed out. 

"Little boy sir, what are you measuring this slut for?" It always seemed weird to me to hear her 'ungagged voice'.

"I'm not sure. Mistress just gave me these and told me to fill them in."

An evil thought crossed my mind. "Do you remember that drawing I was working on the other week? The cuckold in a plastic encasement. He was unable to move a muscle, and had to watch through it as his wife was fucking another man. I showed that to Mistress yesterday, and she said that was an idea to free up the cell! Maybe that is what this is for." She gave me a horrified look "Ok I just need to mark on here the location of the rod, I wonder why Mistress marked that on here. Then I will remove the shield and take you to use the bathroom. The rest of the night is yours after that."


Mistress was leaning against her study's door frame when I emerged from the dungeon. "That was purely evil ad-libbing. Truly a stroke of genius my love." She smiled at me. "That will have her on edge for a week or better. Come in, I want you to look at collars."

"Little boy gets to choose his collar?"

"You get to provide input. The final decision is mine of course." The smile she gave me melted my soul. "Any ideas?"

"Something metal, and permanent."

"Well how about semi-permanent? Check these out." Mistress brought up a site on her laptop, the collars looked like a steel loop on the neck. "One point is a hinge; the other uses a security screw that requires a special hex tool to remove. A tool I will lock away in the safe with your spare chastity belt key. So you cannot remove the collar."

Mistress pointed the laptop at me and I explored the site. "This would be perfect for little boy. Would you wear one too Mistress?" It was solid, secure and would not be seen as nothing more than unusual jewelry by the unaware person.

"No. Dominants don't wear collars like that. You will be the only one collared."

"Oh! Little boy never meant that, he meant one of the matching bracelet?"

"No, that's final." And her body language told me I had upset her. So I just stayed quiet and looked down. "Why are you so keen on collaring me, do you want to become the dominant? It's not going to happen. I should string you up by your feet for even suggesting it." She backhanded me and I toppled over in a heap. It was the first time she had struck me in months.

"Please Mistress, little boy meant no disrespect. He just thought you should..."

"Get out of my sight."

I scrambled from the room. I had no idea where to go. I feared I would be punished again if I crossed her path in her mood. I decided going to the laundry room was the safest place I could go to stay out of her way.

I was curled up and staying hidden in the corner when Mistress ordered me to present myself. I crawled to her and kneeled in front of where she stood.&nbsp; I was utterly afraid to look up at her. A fact she rectified by grabbing my hair and forcing me to look up.

"So do you still want to collar me bitch?"

"Little boy never meant to imply he owned you Mistress. He just thought of it like a wedding ring, and felt he should have something to give his Mistress when she gave him his collar. Something to symbolize our relationship, our dedication to one another." 

Her stare softened. "You honestly thought that didn't you boy?" I felt the grip on my hair loosen. "The answer is still no, but you are forgiven. Do you forgive me my temper?"&nbsp; 

"There is nothing to forgive Mistress, little boy was wrong to continue the conversation once you said no."

She smiled at me. "Tomorrow morning you are going to Richard's shop. He likes your idea and understands that the slut had 'a very public identity' that I have agreed to hide her from, but he still has no idea who she is. Take your sketches, and the measurements you took. Also Rebecca will be measuring you for her records. I have ordered our collaring day outfits from them. I will give you directions, cell phone, and your chastity key before you leave. Do not abuse that privilege, and do not let Rebecca make you cum. Once she has your measurements, let yourself soften and lock yourself back up. They will not be open yet, you will need to go to the back door of the shop and knock. Is that all understood?"

"Yes Mistress. What should little boy say if they ask about the slut's real name?"

"Hmm good question. I know! Tell them you don't know her name but you understand from me she was a B list TV star."

"Little boy will say that if asked Mistress." I leaned into her legs; she had changed into jeans earlier so I was denied the feel of the black stockings she had worn under the white leather dress for work.

"I'm feeling particularly energetic tonight my slave, let's play." 

She led me down to the dungeon where she buckled leather cuffs on my wrists and ankles and leaned me over her paddling bench. She attached each cuff to a leg of the bench with a chain. She disappeared for a moment. I could barely see her between my legs as she went down the hall formed by the walls of the slut's cell and the wet room. When she came back she walked to the wall where she had her various tools of pain hanging. "I want to hear you scream and beg for mercy." I could not see what she had got but I felt the pain of the 'pimple maker', a flat paddle that had many holes drilled through it. A hard enough strike from it resulted in the skin conforming to it. The holes would allow pimples of skin to avoid trauma, leaving little specs of white against a field of red skin.

Mistress beat my ass relentlessly. At that point I doubted her earlier declared forgiveness, and was sure I was being punished for the collar issue. I hung over the bench crying, barely only acknowledging she had stopped.

I felt her lining my ass with lube and knew what was about to happen. The strapon pushed into me slowly, I begged her to stop, that I was too sore for it. But soon her hips were pressing painfully into me. It was painful, but it also felt so good to submit to her. I could feel my cock try to harden in its metal tube. I was beyond pain when she stopped. I was in what Mistress called sub-space. My mind stopped distinguishing pain and pleasure, melting them into one. Mistress released me from the bench and carried me to the table and set me down.

She straddled me, sitting on my chest. "Pleasure me." Succinct and to the point as she slid forward. I started without another word; she would shift her body so that I would serve either of her lower holes with my tongue. She turned so she was sitting on me facing my feet and began playing with my balls until she finally allowed herself an explosive orgasm. An orgasm that left her collapsed on top of me. My tongue felt like it was puffy and useless.

Mistress rolled off me and set her feet on the floor. Without a word she stood and walked back the hall. I rolled over on my side to get off my sore ass.

Mistress was glowing when she returned. "I hope the slut enjoyed the audio show. Thank you my love I needed that, all of that. It was not a punishment and I'm sorry if it was too much at once."

"Mistress little boy is yours to use as you see fit whenever you like. He will strive to take all you desire to force upon him with all his being."

"Let me take care of your strawberry ass." She walked off to the medical cabinet and I stretched my head around to look at my posterior. It did resemble a bright red strawberry, with its white external seeds. She lovingly rubbed in the salve into the tender flesh. "There that should be fine by morning. I just hope there is enough redness for you to show Rebecca tomorrow."

"Show her?"

"Well do you expect her to measure you with your clothes on? A bit counter-productive to make skin tight clothes isn't it." She gave me a big smile.

I laughed "Yes indeed Mistress, it would be."


Mistress had me wrapped in her arm as we lay in bed watching the 11 o'clock news. I was glad to be on my side, as my ass was still a bit sore.

Suddenly she squeezed me. "Why did you want to collar me?" 

"Mistress, little boy does not want to collar you at all. He just wanted something for you as a symbol of his love and dedication, just as his collar will be a symbol to him of your ownership of his body and soul. Especially now with you trying to find 'normal' employment, when you work you will be away from him so much in a day, it would be something to help you remember he will be here waiting to serve you when you get home." I kissed her neck passionately. "He could never dare to try to imply he has any control over you."

She took my left hand in her right, and held it to her stomach, just under the mounds of her breasts. "Keith sweetie, I would be honored to wear a bracelet from you if that is what it is meant to represent. I'm sorry I flew off the handle earlier, it is just so many men try..."

"Mistress please, there is no need to apologize to little boy or to explain to him, he is but your slave."

"I beg to differ, you are more than a slave, you are my lover. Not to mention you are still learning this lifestyle. You have sacrificed much to be my slave, your career, your freedom, including risking your very life to stay in my possession.&nbsp; I should have never doubted your intentions, if I had at least calmly questioned them I may not have lashed out."

"Mistress's privilege, little boy love's you no less. Besides you did more damage for fun later than you did in anger earlier." I started kissing her neck some more and did not stop. I slid my free hand down her body and began stroking my fingers through her neatly trimmed pubic hair.

She moaned. "You are trying to distract me from this conversation. You bad slave." Her tone did not match her words so I continued, allowing my fingers to work down between her legs and over her pussy. "Do you want to get out of your tube?" Her breath was short.

"No Mistress, little boy just wants to give Mistress pleasure."

"Good because I wasn't going to let you out anyway. Now start sucking on my nipples and pushing your hand into that pussy, and don't stop until I say."


The next morning I was woken by Mistress pushing my face into her crotch. "Get me nice and wet."

I was in no position to argue, not that I wanted to. Eventually she rolled us over and sat on my face. She rode my face and tongue until she exploded all over me. Then she moved down my body and slid her pussy all over my steel encased cock. She reached under herself and pushed me inside of her pussy, tube and all. She took my wrists in one hand, holding them above my head, and my chin in the other. "You will not wash up until after you come home. I want Richard and Rebecca to smell me on you."

"Yes Mistress." I got the distinct impression that Mistress had just marked her territory.

"I forgot to tell you that I have an interview this afternoon. If you are not home by the time I need to leave, I will lock the slut up in her cell."

"Okay Mistress. Little boy will go and do his enemas and get the slut ready for her day."

"Just take care of yourself; I'll take care of her after you're on your way."


I was getting dressed just finishing in the wet room when Mistress walked in. "Everything you need is on my desk. Your keys, directions, cell phone, wallet with some cash, and the paperwork are all there. And don't forget your drawings. Behave and do me proud." She removed her necklace with the key to my tube on it, slipping it over my head and tucking it in my shirt. "You may only handle the chain, do not touch the key itself with your hands."

"Of course Mistress."

-----

Mistress had rolled us onto our side; finally the weight was removed from my arms and shins. Her left leg was resting on me; the foot was pressed into my groin.

"Mmmm. Little boy, lick your Mistress."

I was not sure if she was awake, or talking in her sleep like she sometimes does. (I've known the safe combination for months because of this, but I've never been brave enough to try it in case she was trying to test my loyalty.) I began to gently lick again and my Mistress just hums a little now and then.

-----

"Hello uh... I'm sorry little boy, but I've never been told your real name?"

"Hello Rebecca. Little boy is my real name."

She laughed as she showed me in "No silly, that is just what your Mistress calls you."

"To me that is my real name, it has been since Mistress rechristened me with it when she took me as her slave."

"Well I'm not going to call you that if I see you on the street."

"Oh you want my birth name then, it is Keith. But please I prefer little boy with Mistress's friends when not in public."

"Fair enough, let me get Master Richard. Then I'll enter the slut's measurements in the database while you talk to him."

We sat at a cutting table as Richard looked over my sketches. "Helena's description did not do these justice. I've seen similar concepts, but they revolved around gasmasks or welding goggles that hamper the wearer. Rebecca can do these easily. Are the boots to be integrated or separate?"

"I was thinking separate. It would make them a little more versatile to wear more conventional shoes at other times."

Rebecca lifted the final presentation sketch as she approached. "I agree Master, separate will be simpler too. This is a beautiful drawing!" When she looked at the bottom corner her eyes got huge. "Wait, you're LB CAV? I've been seeing your work the last couple of months in the magazine's we sell!"

I could tell I was blushing. "Yes that is me."

Richard laughed. "LB CAV is short for Little Boy Cavanaugh. Makes sense and it was right in front of you the whole time Becks."

"What's the big deal?"

"Becks has been drooling over your work since it started showing up, she's even started a scrap book. Wanting to make herself some of the outfits."

All this attention was making me uncomfortable. "Umm Mistress said Rebecca was also going to measure little boy while he is here."

"Oh so cute! When he gets uncomfortable he starts talking in the third person."

"He's right though, you have more work to do. I'll leave you to it."

He left the room closing the door behind him.

"Okay, get naked!"

"Excuse me?"

"Surely Mistress Christine told you I needed you to remove your clothes."

"Well yes, but little boy just didn't think you would need it so soon, or be so excited about it."

"Come on I've even seen your Mistress naked." She seemed to drift away in her own thoughts for a moment.

I took off my clothes so I was down to just my chastity tube and the necklace. Rebecca walked around me. I felt so vulnerable, exposed and defenseless.

"Oooh were you a bad little boy, or was your Mistress just marking her territory?"

"Supposedly she was marking her territory."

She got right up in my face. "In more ways than one I think." She licked my cheek. "I've wanted to taste your Mistess's juices since I first met her. Maybe someday she will not reject my offer of temporary servitude." She gave me a smile. "Ok let's get you done and on your way."


She had been quick and professional about the measurements. At least until she got to the most private dimensions. She started with my rectal location and angle of entry, and then continued around front.

"I need three sets of numbers here, one with your tube on, one limp, and one fully erect."

She did the tube dimensions first off. "She marked you here also; I can smell her on you. Okay gimme the key."

I pulled the chain over my head and handed it to her. She had quickly removed my tube and started getting the info she needed.

"Men! Can't keep that thing soft to save their lives. Now I need to wait for it to go down."

With fabrics for and parts of fetish clothing all around me it would be hard not to have arousing thoughts, so I closed my eyes and tried to think of non-sexual things as she worked around me. 

"Is that as small as it gets?"

I looked down "Yes, that looks about right."

She smiled and quickly finished her measurements. "Okay now for the fun one." With a slurp she sucked my member into her mouth. "When does this thing stop growing? I can't fit anymore of you in my mouth!" She proceeded to start giving me a handjob. Her hand felt dainty compared to Mistress's hands.

She quickly took down the length and girth of my erection. "Okay now time to drain this big boy so he can be put away." Before I could stop her she took the end of my cock in her mouth and stroked me with her hand.

I was mere seconds away from blowing my load when Mistress's instructions from last night came into my head. I grabbed the girl's head. "Rebecca you must stop, Mistress has forbid little boy cumming for you."

"Damn you were close too. I thought if I blitzed you I could make you squirt before you could resist."

I looked around. "Where are my clothes?"

"Richard took them, let me get him." I hadn't even noticed he had come in.

While she was gone I managed to get my tube relocked on my cock. When they returned Master Richard was carrying a handful of different clothes. He laid them out on the table. Pantyhose, a very short skirt, a corset with build in breast forms and a blouse with a ruffled waist. Rebecca was behind him with a pair of pointed toe heels, blonde wig, a backpack, and some sort of lower face mask/gag thing.

"Here are the clothes you are to wear home."

"Sir you must be kidding. I'm not wearing that!"

"Your Mistress's orders, you don't want to have her angry with you do you?"

"Well if it is what Mistress wants..." I hung my head.

"Rebecca dress him, I'll call the cab. You'll love Larry, he's very kink friendly, and he provides door to door service."

"Let's start with the hose. Sorry about this, I can tell you are uncomfortable, but I have my instructions."

"I'm only accepting it for Mistress. Come on let’s get it over with."

Soon I was dressed. The corset was very tight, and made me feel top heavy. The skirt had a built in panty that prevented removal of the pantyhose beneath it, and sewn into the waist were rings that were padlocked to matching ones in the blouse hidden inside the ruffles. The facemask conformed to my face; it had a sports mouthguard around a ball inside to be forced into my mouth, and had a realistic set of big red lips on the outside. I was sure I also heard clicks when that was applied, and when the straps on the shoes closed. I was sure that the box like clasp was also a lock. The backpack was actually a disguised armbinder keeping my hands out of the way when Rebecca applied some makeup to my eyes. Richard came back with a small purse. 

"Here you go. Your phone and ID are in here." He put it over my head and across my chest.&nbsp; "Larry is here and I gave him your house keys and address." He gave me a push to the front of the store. "I left a note to your Mistress in your purse too sweetie. Now go and be a good girl."

Larry had been very professional, and knowing I was relatively helpless he opened the car door at the beginning and end of the trip for me, he walked me to the house door and unlocked it. "I'll set your keys here on the credenza ma'am. I hope your man enjoys the effort you went through for him. Don't worry, Rich paid your fair already, and I'll lock the door on my way out. Have a good day!"

I was still getting accustomed to the heels, they were thankfully short. Two, maybe three inches at most.

I went to the study and saw a note to me from Mistress, saying she had left and the slut was chained up in her cell. It continued that I should feed her and myself then release her to do the housework. Well that's not happening in my current situation. I sat in the chair feeling sorry for myself. Why did Mistress leave instructions for me to be dressed like this when she knew she was not likely to be home when I got back?

A few hours later I was scared to death when my purse exploded into Elton John's 'The Bitch is Back' It was the ringtone Mistress had assigned to her own cell number. When it stopped the home phone rang until the answering machine picked up.

"Hey baby, I guess you are with our pet or in the basement. I'm going to be longer than I thought. Ends up a couple of the girls I used to work with are at this company. I'm going to do some shopping then go to dinner and drinks with them. Feed yourself and our pet at dinner time. Love you!"

Shit! What is Mistress trying to do to me? I began to wonder if Richard took some liberties with Mistress's instructions. She would not leave me like this all day. Maybe she was toying with me, and she was just a few streets away.

I waited as the afternoon crawled into evening. Mistress never arrived. So I moved about the house simply because I was tired of sitting. The shoes had become a little better to walk in, I was just glad that they had not put high heel stilettos on me.

It was dark when I heard the garage door opening. I had been unable to turn on any lights, so I stood there in the dark hall. My cell phone rang again. Mistress had of course noticed my old Subaru was still missing when she pulled in and tried to call me. 

Mistress came through the door with her back toward me. "Where the hell are you? You better get your ass home in the next five minutes or you will never want to come back!"

I mumbled through the gag.

She turned to me. Before I knew it my feet were dangling below me while my neck was pinned between the wall and Mistress's palm. "Who are you, what are you doing in my home?"

I tried to talk again but was unsuccessful in communicating. Mistress flipped the light switch and looked me over.&nbsp; When she locked her eyes on mine I saw the anger change to shock.

She lowered me to my feet. "Little boy? Did the slut do this to you?"

I shook my head no, twisted my body and looked at the purse hanging there. She opened the purse and looked in she opened the folded piece of paper. She looked at me in anger. "How could you?" She pushed me aside as she stormed past. I had barely kept my footing with the force she had exerted on me.

What had the note said? Why was Mistress upset with me? I heard her on the phone in the study.

"No I just didn't decide to free him! I just got home and found him this way! How could you let him talk you into that? You know I can't stand sissification! I want those keys now! He's going to regret the decision to want to live as a girl!"

Was she talking about me? I heard the phone slam down and I wanted to hide, but she was already in the door. She grabbed me by the neck and marched me to the dungeon and locked a collar around my neck, chaining it to the base of the paddling bench so my ass was high in the air. My wig fell to the floor and my skirt was pulled up to my waist. Soon I heard the unmistakable whistle of the cane. After far too many swipes for my taste, she disappeared up the stairs.

When she returned a while later she was not alone.

"Rebecca you stay here with this little faggot, I need to feed my other slave."

I felt a small hand on my ass. "Oh little boy I can see the cane stripes through the pantyhose. Has she been punishing you?"

I nodded my head.

"I'm so sorry, it was never meant to go this far."

"Get away from him, unless you want to get hit too."

"Mistress Crystal, please don't. He doesn't deserve it." I felt Rebecca's ass press into mine

"Who do you think you are slave? After I decide to marry him, he goes and decides he wants to live as a girl. Why doesn't he deserve it in your almighty opinion?"

"It's all a lie Christine! Richard was playing a joke on you two! Keith didn't ask to be dressed like this! He refused to dress this way until Richard told him it was your instructions to send him home this way. He's only dressed this way because he was told it was what you wanted. He didn't ask Richard to arrange a sex change or anything else in the note! I wasn't supposed to tell you, I was supposed to let you two work it out. But I can't let him be punished for something he is innocent of. You are too strong a woman; if you lash out in the rage I see in you, you will seriously hurt him." She started crying. "I told him it was a bad idea... You wouldn't react well to it... It would go so badly..."

"Becks?"

"Chris, please believe me. I didn't want to be a part of it. Master made me."

"There, there girl." I felt Mistress's hand press against my hip. "Thank you Rebecca for stopping me, and disobeying your Master for little boy's sake. Help me free him up from this get up."


Rebecca stayed with us that night. Mistress even allowed her to share the bed with us. As a reward for her actions on my behalf; Mistress, with my encouragement, even allowed Rebecca to eat her pussy several times as I worshipped all points north of the belt.

The next morning the three of us set in motion a little revenge lesson plan.

Mistress and I were waiting for the phone to ring. When it did Mistress answered it on speaker. 

"Hello?"

"Chris what did you do to Rebecca last night?"

"Nothing! Why?"

"She got to the shop this morning crying and locked herself into her workshop and is refusing to come out. She just keeps saying it is all my fault."

"All I did with her was have her help me punish the little tranny wanna-be until his back and ass bled. She consoled me in bed later. And this morning she was here when I kicked that ungrateful whelp onto the street. I'll pay you for that outfit I locked him back in it before sending him on his way."

"Where is he?"

"I don't know where he is. When he refused to leave, I called the cops, as they came down the street he ran away."

"Christine we need to find him now!"

"Why? He wants to live as a woman, and I don't want a girl for a lover."

"Didn't he try to tell you it was all a misunderstanding?"

"No, why would he? Your note explained it all to me, so I never even ungagged him."

"Oh God Christine. It was a practical joke. I tricked him into that get-up for Christ's sake."

"So you're saying I beat my fiancé to a pulp and kicked him out on the street looking like a slutty schoolgirl, because of a bad joke?"

"Fuck! I'm sorry, I thought you'd eventually demand an explanation from him and he'd tell you it was my doing."

"What have you made me do? He’ll never trust me again. I've kicked out the first man I truly loved because of your ill-conceived joke!"

"I'll get Becks and we'll find him. He wouldn't have got far."

Mistress smiled at me when he hung up. "He's ready to shit a gold brick."


Mistress had me hide in the legwell of her desk when they got here. 

"We looked all over the neighborhood, brought his car and even called out to him thinking he'd come out if he knew it was us."

Mistress sat in her chair and slid in with a leg on either side of me. I began kissing her inner thighs as they brainstormed where I could be.

"What about our shop? After all he probably thinks his car is still there." Rebecca offered.

"Across town, gagged, no hands, and no money. He'd never make it." Richard shot her down. "No he wouldn't even try that. Too much of a risk."

"I want to feel him between my legs again." I could imagine the sadness on her face by her tone. "How could you do this?"

"Christine I'm so sorry. I won't rest until I find him. This is all my fault!"

Mistress pressed my face deep between her thighs. My cue to dive in and slowly bring her for an orgasm. "I can almost feel him between my legs now" She moaned, and kept pulling me in tight.

"Christine if you want him back so bad, now is not the time to masturbate. Is there any friends or family he would go to?"

"No he really... didn't have any... one to speak of... Ohhhhh god that feels so goood."

"Christine get a hold of yourself!"

"Bad choice of words Rich." Rebecca laughed.

Mistress took her hands away from my head. I heard them hit the desk above me. Kill shot time! I darted my tongue deep into Mistress, and rubbed her clit and ass with my hands. She exploded.

"What the hell!" Suddenly Mistress was pulled away from me. I looked up to see Richard staring at me as I licked my Mistress's nectar from my lips. "He's been here the whole time! You lied to me," He turned toward the other side of the desk, "and you had a part in this!"

"Yes Master, turnabout is fair play."

"How could you? To me no less!"

"Don't blame her Rich; this is a preview of what would have happened if she had not come clean to me. I was in the process of beating him senseless, and would have kicked him out on the street. The thought of the man I love wanting to go through gender reassignment surgery broke my heart; it was more than I could take. Hell hath no fury worse than a woman scorned. I was going to make him regret living." She grabbed his shirt. "You should consider the consequences before pulling such an evil joke. It was bad enough you sent him home restrained without making sure I would be home to free him, I should take you downstairs for that alone! Maybe a whole week as my guest for the other stunt."

"Look there's no need for that. I'm sorry Chris, I never meant any harm." A smirk came to his face. "Well maybe a little physical harm. But I never expected you to go all out on him."

"Master I think you owe someone else an apology, don't you?"

Richard turned to me. "Lit... Keith, I'm sorry I set you up for the beating, and for dressing you up like a girl. But you have to admit you looked good."

Mistress let his shirt go and signaled me up to her lap. "He's not the only one you owe an apology to." He looked at Mistress confused. "Seems to me you put someone in the middle of all this, sending her to follow through on your sick joke. She was torn between her love and dedication to her Master, and preventing an injustice befalling an innocent friend."

"You want me to... Ah what the hell, I've ate enough crow already, what's a little more. Becks I'm sorry I put you in that dilema. In indsight you made the right choice."

Mistress looked him dead in the eye. "You ever pull something like this again on me; you will be the one getting gender reassignment surgery. Truce?"

"Yeah, truce. Next time I won't be as nasty." He leapt away laughing as Mistress swung at him and missed.

She was laughing too. "Shithead! Get out of here."



Finally the week of our wedding was upon us. On Monday I went back to Richard's shop to try on my outfit and pick up the slut's. Mistress had been here in the morning to try on her outfit. While our official nuptials was going to be in front of&nbsp; judge, Mistress felt the collaring ceremony would be our true marriage so I was not allowed to see the fetish equivalent of her wedding gown for superstition's sake.

I was more than a little surprised to find out my outfit was a skimpy white set of leather straps. When Rebecca got me in it I found it was essentially a thong with suspenders and a belt wrapped around me at the navel, and one around my chest. Wherever the various straps met there was a ring, the upper set on the front perfectly encircling my nipples.

"All those measurements for this? Ninety percent of the dimensions you took don't apply to this." I smiled at her. "You just wanted to feel me up didn't you?"

"No silly, I needed them for other, probable future work. Now give me a turn I need to check this out."

"Another perfect garment! You and Christine are going to be beautiful together this Friday! I just wish I could have had 'the slut' here to try on her suit."

"Mistress said she does not want to have herself recognized."

"Who is she?"

"I guess she had been on TV or something, some B List actress. I don't recognize her."

She gave me a skeptical look. "Yeah I bet."

"I have something for you, a thank you gift."

I grabbed the sketchbook I had brought with me and handed her one of the loose illustrations.

It was a color depiction of an angel encased in a white rubber catsuit and wings, protecting a young girl whose ass was exposed and striped, signed 'For Rebecca -LB CAV' inside a heart. "This is for me? My own personal LB CAV drawing! It is so beautiful! The angel looks familiar, did you have inspiration for her from somebody."

"You might say it was inspired by a real person and event." I wasn't sure if I should be amused or annoyed that she didn't recognize her own face and body in my artwork.

Just then Richard walked in. "Okay little boy what did you want to talk to me about? Wow Becks, that looks just like you!" 

Finally! It was just that she had not recognizing herself, not my skill as an illustrator. Rebecca blushed as she made the connection.

"Is that what you wanted to show me? You want me to have Rebecca make herself this outfit?"

"No what I wanted to ask you about is this." I pulled out the other loose sketches. "I want to have this made for Mistress to give her on our anniversary."

"Anniversary? You're not even married yet!" Rebecca laughed at me.

"The anniversary of the day Mistress took me as her slave, not our marriage. It is only three months away."

We sat and the three of us fleshed out a working plan.

Richard had a gleam in his eye. "If this works the way you hope, this could be a big seller with dominants for forced oral servitude. Are you expecting your Mistress pay for this?"

"No Mistress has given me some of the money I have earned as LB CAV to use for art supplies and minor personal spending. Technically I will be breaking a rule by purchasing something over twenty dollars without her permission, but I think she will forgive it when she finds out I spent it on her."

"She won't hear it from us! Right Richard?"

"Not a peep."


The morning of the wedding I was especially energetic and happy. I've heard of wedding day cold feet, but not this man. Mistress and I ate breakfast; it was usually the only meal we ate together at the table. When the slut was upstairs I always ate at Mistress's feet.

"Are you ready for today my slave?"

"Yes Mistress, Little boy wants to be legally yours as much as he is mentally and physically! Are you ready Mistress? You are not have second thoughts are you?"

"Never, I knew you were my man the second I laid eyes on you, I just had to make sure you knew it too." She gave me a loving smile. "We have a lot to do today. I am going to Knot Time to help Helena with the arrangements there. I will meet you at the courthouse at 11. Feed the slut, get her enemas done, clean her up, and let her know she will be on her own until dinner."

I made the slut a nice warm bowl of cinnamon oatmeal. She eyed me with curiosity as she ate it. Breakfast was something she only got when Mistress was working or away and I had other things to do outside the home.

"Sir what are you doing today?"

"It is a surprise slut, one of several for you today. Now let's get you daily toiletry done. Mistress will have both our hides if I am late."

I gave her two enemas even though it was her day for three. I climbed in the shower with her to clean up. Which is not uncommon for us, and then I dried us off. I re-secured her to the chain in her cell and left her with a big grin on my face.


I had arrived at the courthouse before Mistress and had met Richard and Rebecca (who were there to be our witnesses) in the parking lot. I texted her we would head in and wait for her. Instead I went to the clerk’s office and got an application for marital name change. When she arrived I had already finished the paperwork and signed it. I handed it to her. I could see her holding back a tear as she read it.

"Keith, are you sure you want to do this?"

"Yes, aside from the personal reason, it makes more logistical sense." She gave me a slightly confused look. "I own a car, have a driver's license, and a credit card, unless you cancelled that. You have the house, two cars, license, and a few credit cards. Which of us will have less of a hassle to change?&nbsp; And I'm already using your name professionally, well sort of." I leant into her. "Not to mention it would be wrong for the owner to change her name to match her property."

She kissed me and whispered in my ear. "You are the most thoughtful slave. I love you"

Once the simple services were done the judge reviewed my request for name change and approved it when I gave him the logistical reasons I had earlier provided Mistress. The four of us then went to a nice restaurant for lunch. A place I would never have gone to on my own for sure. 

It was late afternoon until we got home. "Go check on the slut, I'll make a quick dinner and you can feed her before we get ready to leave."


I was waiting at the basement door when Mistress emerged with the slut. It was the first time Brandy Stallton had been outside our Mistress's home in about nine months. The irony of the correlation between human gestation and her re-entering the world as a slave was not loss on me. Mistress guided her into the car, and I secured her with the seatbelts facing the rear of the car.

"Was she a good girl?" I asked.

"No resistance or attempt to flee. At least not until I took her toward the door. She tried to stop me from taking her to it." Mistress gave me a smile.

"You are evil Mistress! You could have told her instead of scaring the shit out of her." I kissed her neck.

"Where'd be the fun in that? I'll text you when we're ready. I'll give Marv the collar." She kissed my forehead and went through the house to the garage.

I had been driving for about 45 minutes when I got the message from Mistress. I had been circling the industrial park for 15 minutes already. I pulled into the lot and got the slut unpacked from the back seat. When she got her footing she looked around and when she saw where we were she started shaking her head. She gestured to herself then made the throat slash hand motion.

"No one will recognize you. Hell I don't and I know who you are." Once again a way to wind her up later came to mind. "You better hope no one is dressed just like you, we may not be able to tell who is who." When she sees Rebecca and Helena's attendant she'll likely faint. I immediately felt guilty and decided I would give her some calming words. "Slut, trust in Mistress that she will not risk your life without cause. You have made her proud in recent weeks, which is why she has decided to bring you tonight for this special occasion."

She made a questioning sound, but I left it unanswered as I led her in.

Leaving my coat and shoes at the coat room, I crossed the room in only my body harness. I led her to the reserved table and directed her to kneel on the cushion. I looked around and saw Helena with her latex enshrouded slave near the bar, with Richard not far away with the identically clad Rebecca. He was talking to a man, showing off Rebecca's outfit. He motioned toward me. The man looked in my direction and I realized he was really a masculine woman, when she looked toward Rebecca and then nodded at me I knew Richard had given me the credit for the design. Marvin approached me from the privacy rooms where I knew Mistress had been preparing. 

"Hey runt! The old lady is ready to start." He shook my hand and sat next to the slut. Taking her leash from me.

"I would never call her that, mostly because I still want my skin attached. Do you have the box?"

"Here it is kid. This her?"

"Yup! Slut this is Marvin; one of Mistress's oldest and dearest friends. He will be holding your leash while Mistress and little boy are on stage. He has Mistress's remote so no funny business." She looked up toward him and visibly stiffened. "Pay attention to Mistress and you will get the surprises I promised you this morning. Be good!"

Mistress had previously showed me the center-stage mark and I knelt just an arm's length away from it. On cue the house lights lowered, the music was stopped, and a spotlight hit me. In the harsh light I could not see the darkened areas around me. I set the boxed collar next to my knee and popped the top off.

When the other spotlight hit my Mistress my heart skipped a beat. There she was a goddess in a black leather gown. It looked like a traditional wedding gown, except for the material. It had red trim at Mistress's neck/cleavage, waist, and wrists, with additional red band at the end of each of the four ruffled skirt layers. I could tell from here she also wore a tightly laced corset under (or possibly built into) the dress to slim her already finely toned waist a few more inches.

As she closed in on me I mouthed 'You're beautiful'. Her eyes shown all the more brightly at that.

Finally she stood directly over me and all I could hear were the applause of the crowd.

She turned to our nearly invisible audience. "Thank you everyone, some of you have met my new slave, little boy, in recent months. Today we have made it official, we tied the knot so to say!" Again the crowd expressed its approval. "This afternoon it was the legal ceremony, in front of a judge; tonight it is the more important ceremony, the collaring of my slave." 

As the fanfare died once again Mistress turned to me. I held up the ring of metal, plain stainless steel to another person, but to us a symbol of my love of the woman before me. "Mistress Christine, with this collar, little boy promises to love, cherish, and obey you, to worship you as his superior, to be placed in bondage to you, to be disciplined as you see fit, to take care of all your needs, to be humiliated by you if that is your pleasure, to love no other, to submit to no one else unless you so command, to truly be whatever it is you desire, to in fact be your slave in every sense of the word for the rest of his natural life."

Earlier today I had been so afraid I would mess up my vows, but when I felt her this close to me I knew I would not fail, because I would not embarrass her.

"My beloved slave little boy, I accept the gift of your very life with great love and emotion." She locked it in and dropped the key in my hand. She then held out the smaller version of my collar to me. "With this bracelet I promise to love, protect, and cherish you, place you in bondage to my body and needs, to provide discipline when you misbehave, to dominate you during every waking moment, to indeed enslave you for the rest of our natural lives."

I took it from her and locked it on her left wrist and gave her back the key. She kissed my forehead and pulled the light chain from a pocket hidden beneath her first skirt ruffle. I grabbed the loose end and we attached them to each other’s steel loop with carabineer clips. She took my hand and pulled me to my feet to stand next to her.

"I do have one more announcement tonight. Some of you may have noticed that little boy called me Mistress Christine instead of Crystal as you most know me as. That was not a mistake. With the 24/7 slave husband, and the recent addition of our permanent live in house slave over there, who is affectionately known as 'the slut',"&nbsp; She pointed at the slut, who body language told me she wanted to disappear. "I will be retiring as a professional dominant, and dropping the Crystal name. As some of you know, I have already started referring my clients to other professionals. If anyone has interest in picking up a few of them, send me an email with your preferred specialties and, if I know you well enough to do so,&nbsp; I will be sure to provide my appropriate clients with your contact info. Thank you all."

All of a sudden the music came back on and it was the very first song we danced to at the Grand Street. It was when we started dancing to the song that I realized Mistress must have been wearing flats or very low heels, because my face was just above the scooped neck of her gown. I kissed the exposed skin with love.

The rest of the evening was relatively uneventful for us, there was some punishments on stage, a few of which where announced that they were in honor of our big day. At one point the slut had took my hand in her own fingerless hand and squeezed it then picked it up and made an act of 'kissing' my hand. I smiled at her and quietly said thank you. I had managed to catch a glimpse of Rebecca's eyes looking at me with delight through her goggles.

It was nearly 3 in the morning when we got home. In the garage I got the slut out of my car and I hugged her. "Little boy is proud of you slut, you were a perfectly behaved slave."

She nodded her head the little she was able to and laid her hands on her heart. That I took as a 'thank you'.

Mistress took her leash from me. "I should have had you park out back. I'll take her to her cell; I don't feel safe letting you handle her on the stairs in case she loses her balance. Wait in bed for me."

"Yes Mistress."


When Mistress came in I was down to my harness. "That was quick Mistress."

"She'll wait until later. I need you now." She unbuckled the harness, tossing it aside without a second thought. "Now remove my dress."

I found the zipper in the back and pulled it down. I slid it down her body revealing the white silk and lace under bust corset with its attached garters holding up the black stockings. I was not surprised to find her without underwear. I laid the gown over Mistress's vanity chair. She lay back in bed and pulled me in bed on top of her. "Make love to me."

"Yes Mistress."

"No I want my husband to make love to me, have your way with your wife. I am yours to take Keith."

I was surprised "Anything I want?"

"Yes."

I pushed her hands to the corners of the bed and extracted the chains and cuffs from under the bed. I clumsily attached them to her, and then repeated it with the ankles. "Keith what are you doing?"

"Don't worry my Love; you will not regret allowing me this. Well not much I think." I began worshipping her body. Kissing and licking her exposed skin. Dwelling over her breasts for an extended time before working from her stocking clad feet up to her precisely trimmed pussy. I admired my own work at shaving my goddess's alter as she looked down at me. Her face was flush when I let my face plow into her pussy. I worked her until I knew she was on the verge of exploding, and then stopped. 

She moaned and thrust herself up at me. I resumed my worshipping of her upper body, then lower body again. She thrashed about as I ran my finger over her clit. "You bastard! Quit teasing me!"

"It seems to me my wife told me I could do what I want to her, and I want to worship her until she is ready to explode. Besides it seems my Mistress forgot to release her cock for my wife to use." I showed her my cock, still secured in its tube.

"The key is in the pocket on the right side of my gown."

I found the pocket in the ruffle and extracted the key on its normal necklace. "Is it okay that I remove my cage?"

"Yes, God yes! I need you baby!"

She was almost where I wanted her. I kissed her deeply, our tongues fought to be on top. I broke off the kiss, shifting to her neck; I brought my hands to her tits and kneaded them.

"Please... please... little boy, I need you baby!"

I continued to tease her and she continued to beg.

"Why are you being so cruel? I love you, please make me cum!"

"I love you too Christine." I ran my fingers over her clit some more as I got between her legs. I pressed the tip of my dick into her pussy.

"Oh yes honey that is what I need!"

I slowly pressed home for the first time into her as my new wife. She moaned and writhed under me. I held back as long as I could, but after three weeks of being trapped in my tube I couldn't hold on long. But I lasted long enough to give Christine two orgasms, one of which she had as I was just inserting myself into her. 

While she recovered I released her limbs. With that done I took her left nipple in my mouth and waited.

I felt my wife's hand on my ass, and she pushed through my legs and stroked my balls.

"That was amazing; I have never experienced anything like that!" She grabbed my balls and twisted lightly. "And if you ever do that again you'll lose these." She released my jewels and kissed me.&nbsp; "Unless you can repeat that finale."

-----

Mistress's feet were rubbing my sides. "I do think I like this present. Keeping my favorite toy where he belongs, right in my pussy!" I felt her hand on my head. "Is my little boy ready to be let out?"

I nod my head. "Yes Mistress." After hours of simmering in my own sweat and Mistress's pussy juices I needed fresh air.

"Maybe you can give me another orgasm before I let you out?"

I was torn; I wanted out, but I would not, could not, deny Mistress's request. I started licking right away. I was hit by a blast of cool air when Mistress squeezed out of the shorts. Fear ran down my spine with the chill. Had I done poorly? 

Mistress saw the distress on my face as she looked in the shorts. "We can continue once I have got you out of the bag little boy, I had been teasing you. I think 45 minutes in there is long enough."

"Only 45 minutes! It felt like two or three hours to little boy."

When Mistress pulled me out of the bag, I stretched my legs and shoulders with a groan. Mistress rubbed me down. "Did it really feel like hours in there?"

"Little boy thought so. He was sure you fell asleep in post-orgasmic bliss, and you would not wake until morning. He was uncomfortable but content to being between your legs."

"I think the design needs a few more zippers, one at the waist, and one down the top of the bag, to make getting in and out easier. Please tell Richard that when you tell him he has my blessing to produce these."

"Noted Mistress. May little boy shower?"

"No. We will take a nice long bath together."

That sounded so good; usually I ended up seated between Mistress's legs in the master bath’s oversized tub, her breasts on my shoulders framing my head as she rested our hands in my groin. "That is even better, thank you Mistress."

She kissed me, held me close. "This was the best year of my life. Thank you for completing me my love."

I looked up in her teary eyes. "Thank you for forcing me into it Mistress; I would be a lonely incomplete man without you."

"Come on baby, let's get cleaned up." She took my hand and led me into the bathroom. 

I am a lucky man; this Amazonian goddess is my wife and owner. I truly am grateful for the events of this night one year ago, the night I became my true self; Christine Cavanaugh's little slave boy!

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:          Loraspa6


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





