BDSM Library - Tying up Amy (true)




Tying up Amy (true)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   An afternoon of bondage :)






Hey all. This is my second story, and happened when I was living at my parent&#8217;s house. This entire story is TRUE. I was 19 at the time, it was a warm summer&#8217;s day and I was out in town with my good friend Amy (to protect her identity) after wondering through town we headed back to mine to get something to drink and eat. We sat in my room and just chatted and cooled off. Let me tell you about Amy, she hand bright blond hair (natural) that she wore in a pony tail, bright green blue eyes and always a smile on her face. She&#8217;s got a cracking body on her with 34c breasts. She&#8217;s a proper stunner but I think she&#8217;s quite shy about her looks and never shows much of her body off. Today she wore a knee length skirt with a matching shirt and trainers. After an hour or so we both got a bit bored and out of the blue I asked if I could tie her up. I regretted saying that as I didnt want her teling her friends what i was into. She looked at me a bit puzzled but agreed to it. I went to my wardrobe and collected my ties that I wear for work. First I blindfolded with a thick red tie and told her to lie on her tummy on the bed. She smiled at me and told me I was crazy but complied none the less. Now let me just say that I had never tied anyone up properly before but id seen plenty of pics on the net so considered myself a bit of a pro. I tied her hands palm to palm behind her and knotted it tightly. Next I took another tie and tied her ankles criss-cross and knotted that tight too. She started to struggle a bit and I told her a wasn&#8217;t finished yet and she could try to get free later. I took another rope and sat on her back with her arms between my knees. I griped my legs together forcing her elbows close almost touching. I began tying them but Amy said it was sore so I didn&#8217;t tie them as close but still tight enough so that she didn&#8217;t have much room to move her arms. I asked how that was and she nodded it was ok. Next I tied one end of a tie around her bound ankles and bent her legs so her hands were close to her feet. She still had her trainers on so I pulled them off. She had a pretty bad odour to her feet so I teased her about it. Amy got a bit embarrassed and again tried to break free but we both knew she wasn&#8217;t going anywhere. I put her bound feet on top of her bound hands and tied that off very tightly using the tie I had tied to her ankles earlier. I made sure to keep that knot away from her hands. 'Can I struggle now?' she asked. I told her not yet as I wasn&#8217;t finished
With Amy now hogtied securely on my bed and blindfolded I had complete control. I took my man utd scarf (yes I&#8217;m a huge fan) and tied a knot in the middle. It&#8217;s a thick scarf and the knot was large and thick. I asked Amy if she would open her mouth wide and she complied instantly! RESULT! I stuffed the knot in her mouth behind her teeth. I started to pull it tight around her head and I told her to let me know if it got too tight. I pulled it as tight as I could and she didn&#8217;t complain so I tied it off behind her head. I asked how she was. She said something inaudioable so I guess she was fine. I told her to moan 5 times if she wanted me to take the gag off.
I pulled a chair to the end of the bed and made a cigarette. With her ankles tied the way they were I had a great view of up her skirt. She wore Plane pink knickers that were nice to look at. I said too her she had by the time it took me to smoke to escape or else she would have to be my slave for the whole of the day. Before I lit my fag I remembered he&#8217;s stinky shoes. I put one shoe over her nose and tied it around her head. Now she began to struggle! She thrashed her head from side to side trying to get the shoe off but it wasn&#8217;t going any where. She tried to straighten her body, turned on her side, tried to pick the knots but nothing worked. I finished my fag but still she struggling moaning muffled groans into her tightly tied gag. I sat back down to get another up skirt view and saw the pink material had turned a darker shade. She was excited. I ungaged her and took the shoe off. I asked if she was ok but her hands were a bit sore so I untied her. We had a drink and Amy said she would stay till tonight so I could tie her more. We had a drink and I asked what other torturing I could do to her. She didn&#8217;t answer but said she really didn&#8217;t like the shoe over nose.
Amy had agreed to be my tie up slave until dark, and as it was a summer afternoon that would be a good few hours. After tying her up the first time we had a drink, I took her glass and asked her for a re-fill. 'Sure, get me anything cold, its warm in here' I went downstairs to refill with cold coke. Before I returned I turned the heating on (that&#8217;s a little trick of mine when girls come round to make them want to take their clothes off: P ). I handed AmY her coke. She was sitting on my chair and had undone 3 buttons on her shirt so I could see the top of her bra. It was black, lacy style... My favourite! Taking the drink she said it was a warm day and wiped a bit of sweat from her brow. We chatted some more until I asked her how she wanted to be tied up again. She looked confused and replied with a 'dunno, you choose. I took her hand and led her to my wardrobe. Let me explain this. It has 3 doors. The first 2 (from the left) open out and has a shelf at headlight that is about 2foot deep. The shelf (and all the shelves for that matter) is made of many long thin strips of wood. It runs all the way across the wardrobe and is very sturdy. Underneath is a horizontal beam that hangs clothes. The 3rd door opens outward too and has about 4 shelves going from the bottom to where it meats the large horizontal one going across both sections.
So I lead Amy over to my wardrobe. I pick up my ties that are still on the bed and tie one end of a tie around Amy&#8217;s left wrist with the knot on the back of her wrist. I don&#8217;t know any knots so I just double knot it up under over style. I then looped the other end of the tie around around the hinge of the left door at the top. This is a bout 7foot high. I don&#8217;t tie this off yet. I position my friend in the middle of the wardrobe and tie her other wrist in the same way looping the free end on the opposite door hinge. (I don&#8217;t know if I spelt hinge right, but what I wean is the connecting bit which attaches the door to the frame) with Amy standing in the middle I pull the two loose tie ends around the hinges pulling her arms apart and into the air. I ask Amy to tell me if this gets too tight and she nods. Once I am satisfied her arms can&#8217;t be stretched out further I tie off the loose end on her left side then go back to her right, pull that again tight and tie that over the right door hinge. Her arms were now tied like a 'Y'. Her hands couldn&#8217;t reach the door hinges to untie herself and with her upper limbs stretched out how they were she would be able to get her head close to untie her hands with her teeth. I asked if she was ok once more and she Amy said 'yes all good'. Next I took another tie and tied a knot around her left ankle. I picked up another tie and did the same with her other ankle. Then I realised I had a problem. As I mentioned earlier she was wearing a knee length skirt but it was quite tight. I had wanted to spread her legs apart but her skirt wouldn&#8217;t allow me to stretch her legs apart.
Re: Tying up my friend (m/f)

Back to the story and Amy is stood in the middle of my wardrobe with her arms stretched high and wide.
Faced with the problem of her skirt I wanted to ask her if I could take it off. I didn&#8217;t want to scare my friend by thinking I was going to rape her or anything like that but knew it had to come off.
'Amy' I said 'I need to take off your skirt so I can tie your legs apart'
Before she could answer I grabbed the end of her skirt and pulled it down.
'James no stop' she said but it was too late it was down by her feet. She twisted her legs tight.
'Don&#8217;t worry' I said 'you haven&#8217;t got camel toe or nothing' I said with a laugh
'Its not that, I don&#8217;t like my thighs being on display, pull it back up now'
'Stop worrying, I&#8217;m not gona be staring at em, they just need to come off, and if you don&#8217;t stop moaning ill be forced to gag you again!'
She still moaned about the situation but not in an aggressive or scared way, so I picked up the scarf I gagged her with earlier and shoved the large knot in behind her perfect white teeth. I went around behind her and looped the scarf around the back of her head then over the gag and pulled tight again behind her head. She grunted and moaned again but couldn&#8217;t understand a word. With an extra layer in her mouth it worked better that when she was hogtied on my bed.
Next I applied a simple blindfold by wrapping a thick tie around her eyes.
'Can you see?' she shook her head. I pretended to punch her in her face but didn&#8217;t flinch so she must have been blind.
With a tie around each ankle I parted her legs as wide as I could. She must have known what I wanted as she put her weight on one foot then shifted her other foot as far apart as she could then did the same to her other foot. I tied off the loose ends to the door hinges pulling each tie as I did making sure her legs would stretch out no more. I stood back and admired my work. She was stood in a very strict spread eagle tie in just her pink knickers, shirt and ankle socks. Her bright blond hair was still in a pony tail and little beads of sweat were forming on her forehead.
'Warm?' I asked. She nodded
'This will help then' I unbuttoned her shirt and she let out a small moan. I couldn&#8217;t understand what she said so I just ignored her :)
There was one thing left to do, I picked up my CD player and put the headphones over her ears. I picked out a drum n bass album and turned it on full volume. (Not loud enough to burst her ear drums their only a cheap pair) I took off her earphones quickly and said 'ill see you soon, don&#8217;t go any where!' I replace the earphones and took a step back. She started screaming into her gag and trying to shake off her bonds.
The panicky noises she made were well muffled behind her tightly bound gag. I left the room and ran downstairs to turn the heating off. When I returned she was still struggling, trying to pull all her weight down, trying to shake the ties off her feet, trying to undo the gag with her hands, but they were well outtalk reach even when she moved her head closer to her hands witch wasn&#8217;t much as legs were stretched as far as they would.
Sorry bout the short post I got a txt.
I relaxed on my bed staring at the beautiful bound body in front of me. Every so often she let out a little whimper and she tried to escape. About half an hour later I took the headphones off her ears. She jumped not expecting anything.
I wanted to try something else. I lightly ran my finger tips along her rib cage. I didn&#8217;t know she was ticklish but she started to squirm and Laugh behind her gag. I kept this up as she started to shake n shout what were probably swear words, not that I could understand. She thrust her body back and forth trying to escape my fingers but was no use. I moved too her legs and did the same to the inside of her thighs. Again she trusted so I got another tie and secured her waist to a long wooden pole that was behind her. Again I tickled and noticed the wet patch starting to appear. I had a quick sniff and realised she hadn&#8217;t pee'd her self but was turned on. Next I tickled her armpits and she screamed the loudest I had heard her all day. I kept this up must have been 15 minutes before I think she started crying. I stopped and ran downstairs. I returned with a sandwich bag full of ice. She was breathing heavily trying to catch her breath.
'Ill stop tickling now and help you to cool off' as I said that I dropped an ice cube down each cup of her bra. She screamed and again tugged on her bonds. I then held 2 cubes in my hand and ran them down her arms and across her tummy and slid them both into her pick knickers, again she screamed silently into her gag and twisted in her bonds trying to get free. I slid the cubes right to the bottom of her knickers right over her delicate area. She was also completely hairless down there. I also put an ice cube down the back of her pants and slid it right in between her ass cheeks. She clenched them but they were easily held in place.
I saw the cubes in her bra were still in place but stuffed a few more in anyway. I then put some under her feet and toes down her socks. Again she squirmed so much. I lay on my bed and had a play with myself, I was so turned on!
I waited until the ice had melted and asked Amy if I could take her boobs out of her bra. She grunted and nodded so I pulled them out of their cups.
Amy has great breast. Firm! Her nipples are about the size of a 5p (a small coin for you yanks) and are quite pointy. Her aureoles are roughly the same size as a Jaffa cake (couldn&#8217;t think of anything to describe them) they&#8217;re pinkie red and stick out straight.
Rummaging through a draw I pulled out to pegs (cloth pins) and connected then with about 6 inches of fishing wire. (I sometimes fish) I placed each one. She let out a loud moan when I put them on. I then tied another tie to wire and sat back on my bed after reapplying the head phones. I took out my dick again and wanked while I pulled on the wire. This made her shout and squirm about madly and turned me on even more! I didn&#8217;t want to come as I didn&#8217;t want her smelling it and know what I was up to. Roughly 15 mins of this later I asked if she was ok. She shook her head so I took off the pegs and she jumped. That must have hurt! I ungagged her and put her boobs back away and buttoned up her shirt. I untied her and we had a little chat bout what happened. She seemed fine with it.
'Can I tie you up next' Amy asked. It took all my strength not to shout 'YES' immediately
'Sure, if you like' I replied sounding cool.
Little did I know what she had planned for revenge?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Spreadeagle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





