BDSM Library - Another Session With Mistress




Another Session With Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  I thought I was ready for Mistress... but I was mistaken. When I heard footsteps approaching slowly I could tell it was her. What happened next was up to her.







Another Session with Mistress&nbsp; by tiedbiyou


I thought I was ready for Mistress... but I was mistaken. When I heard footsteps approaching slowly I could tell it was her. I was in the middle of the room facing the fireplace. I was on my knees, face down and ass up. I had on my collar and leash holding the leash in my teeth, ready to give it to her. I had my wrist and ankle restraints on and my hands were behind my back. I was naked except for the collar and restraints. There were the assortment of blindfold's, rope's, paddle's, whip's, dildo's, chains, nipple clamps, clothespins, lubes, cock rings, and things all clean and laid out neatly as she expects. 13 candles were lit dripping hot wax onto their stands. I had been there for over an hour waiting for her, she was late, but Mistress is in charge and if she says to be ready for her at midnight, I am ready at for her at midnight, regardless if she is there or not... of course, like a slave should be. When she walked into the room she stood in front of me and just looked down for a couple minutes, shaking her head, smoking her cigarette, and not saying a word. She flicked her ashes onto my back and then dropped the cigarette onto the floor just inches from my face. She stepped forward and put it out with the twist of her foot.

She then said "How's my little bitch tonight, hmmm? Are you ready for me like I told you to be?" I answered yes Mistress. She walked around me a couple of times and said "I don't see your butt plug in, and why not, where is your butt plug, bitch?" She of course did not tell me to have my butt plug in or I would most certainly have had it in me, but I am in no position to argue with Mistress. All I could say was I am sorry Mistress. She said "Sorry, sorry your ass! You know what happens when you disobey Mistress, don't you?" I said yes Mistress, punishment. She said "You are very correct! At least you know that much, you worthless little bitch! She was now standing close to the fire and ordered me to crawl to her and give her the leash. I crawled to her and as I raised my head to let her take the leash I was amazed at how beautiful she looked in her black push up bra with her nipples exposed, her black high heels, her black thigh high's, and her naked beautifully smooth pussy exposed just inches from my face.

She took the leash from my mouth and immediately slapped my face really hard. Then again and again. I said thank you Mistress after each slap. "When I tell you to have your butt plug in you, it better be in you, is that understood, bitch?" Yes Mistress I replied. "Stand up" she said. I stood up tall with my arms behind my back and my legs spread, not looking at her. This is the way she trained me. "Spread your legs further apart, you fucking little whore!" I spread them apart as far as I could. She walked over to the table with all the assorted items and picked up her favorite leather paddle. She walked behind me and spanked my ass hard and fast... too fast for me to count. I said thank you Mistress. The pain was intense but I stood still. She then walked in front of me and spanked my cock, this time it was slower so I was able to count... one, two, three, .... she stopped at twenty three.

I am sure she could tell that I was in agony by the way I said each number and by the way my body instinctively squirmed away from the last few swats. She hit my balls with her paddle and it nearly dropped me... OMG that hurt I thought as she smiled. "How does that feel my pretty?" It feels wonderful, thank you Mistress I replied. "Good, I thought that might wake you up a bit... I want you to never disobey me ever again, is that understood, you worthless little fag bitch?" Yes Mistress I said. "Walk over and get your plug, you may put a little and I mean little lube on it, and come back over here in front of me, get on your knee's and put it in you! Do it now bitch! Put it in you all the way and hurry, I don't have all night!" I did what she ordered and in it went, I got it in all the way in one push... it hurt but I was able to do it quickly. I said my butt plug is in me, thank you Mistress.

She walked behind me and said "Good, keep it there. Just to help I am going to spank your ass, is that okay with you, you little cunt faggot? I want you to count each one aloud for me. Are you ready?" Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress. Whak... one... whak.. two... whak... three... she was spanking me very hard in the same spot each time... the pain was excruciating. I could tell that my butt was tightening up so much from the pain that the butt plug was coming out. It finally fell out after spank number 20. "I told you to keep that butt plug in your ass, you fucking idiot! What is it doing on the floor! Can't you follow even the most simple directions? What the fuck am I going to do with a little bitch who doesn't care what I say! Stand up and go lay face up on the table, do it now you fucking moron! It's time you learned your lesson." I stood up and went to the table and laid down on it with my hands and ankles in each corner knowing that she was going to tie me down.

She was smoking another cigarette and walked over and started tying me down by my restraints. She stretched my arms and legs out as far as they could go and tied them tightly. "Lift your head" she ordered as she wrapped a blindfold around my eyes and tied it tightly. "You do not deserve to look at my beautiful sexy body. That courtesy is extended only to good slaves who do what I tell them. You are not a good slave. You are a worthless little faggot who can not follow directions properly. Am I correct?" Yes Mistress, I am a worthless little faggot, thank you Mistress! I shouted. "Yes you are" she said back. All of a sudden I felt my right nipple being pinched and pulled really hard, then what felt like a clothespin attached to it. Then another and another. Then the same with my left nipple.

I could feel her grab my cock and balls, her thumb and finger around my dick and the other three fingers on my balls squeezing them very hard. My cock was starting to become hard. My balls ached. She tied my balls up with a small rope and seemed to stretch the rope out tight and tie it to something. This really hurt, why is she punishing me so bad I thought to myself, I hoped I could take it. What was she going to do to me. She slapped my cock several times and said "Do not cum under any circumstances, is that understood, bitch?" Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress, I replied. The next thing I knew she was dripping hot wax onto my nipples. Slowly and closely. This time it was very hot, I could tell that she was holding the candle very close to me. Then she started torturing my hard cock with the hot wax and slapping it with the paddle... this went on for a long time I thought.. will she ever stop... the hot wax was burning my cock... it wasn't hard now... I screamed silently as she attached several clothespins to my cock as it started growing again... then a few more... there must be six or seven on it I thought to myself...

She was mumbling something to herself like "Fucking worthless cock sucking bitches can't do what they are told... what the fuck ever, they think I am here to be treated like this, be disrespected, disobeyed, they think I am kidding when I say to do something, motherfucking dumb ass bitches, I am not here for that, you are lucky I even bother to come see your worthless cunt anyway.. I should just leave you here like this and let them find you dead in a few weeks with a dildo in your ass! Is that what you want bitch? Seems like that's what you are asking for!" No Mistress, I love you Mistress, thank you Mistress! I shouted. "Then ask me to punish you , tell me what you want..." she said in a very stern voice. Please punish me Mistress, I want to be Mistress' best slave ever, Please Mistress let me have another chance, Please Mistress! I shouted loudly. "Is that the truth, slave, you really want to be my slave?" she said slowly. Oh yes Mistress I want nothing more than to serve you Mistress, I love you Mistress! Please let me have another chance Mistress, I will not disobey you ever again, Mistress, I promise... Please Mistress... "let me think about it for a few minutes, you cock sucking cum eating little whore" she said as I heard her footsteps walking away from me.

I laid there for a while and heard her walking back towards me... she said as she stood over me with her breasts touching my face "Okay, I thought about it and if you promise to do what ever I say for real then maybe I will keep you as my slave for a while, you were doing pretty good until tonight, I will let this one slide but do not ever let me down again, is that a deal, slave?" Yes Mistress, it's a deal, thank you Mistress, I love you Mistress! I shouted. "Okay then, open your mouth all the way and keep it open". Which I did, eagerly wondering what she was going to be putting in. She stood on the table and lowered herself down to just above my face, I could feel her sweet pussy barely touching my lips. OMG I wanted to taste her pussy sooo bad! She always makes me eat her pussy! I love it sooo much! mmmmm yessss!

Usually after eating her pussy till she cums on my face and in my mouth a few times she lets me fuck her till I cum then she makes me lick her pussy again cleaning up all of our mixed juices! It is so wonderful! mmmm I can't wait... I get to eat her sweet snatch and fuck her, finally... I thought this would never happen tonight. Then she said... "Do not spill a drop, I am going to fill your mouth with my nectar and I want you to not swallow it till I tell you to... remember, do not spill any of it or you will be in huge trouble... get ready, here it goes". With that she started peeing into my mouth! OMG! She stopped and raised up slightly off of me..."Okay, now swallow!" I did.

She squatted back down and filled my mouth up again.... "Hold it.... now swallow!" I swallowed again... all of it. None was spilling from my lips. She did this again and again until she was empty! A little dribbled down my face... I thought she was going to hurt me for this but she didn't. She bent down over me and gave me a very nice kiss, swirling her tongue with mine. Then she untied me, and told me what a good slave I had been tonight, and that she hoped she didn't hurt me too bad. I said thank you Mistress, you are the best, I love you Mistress! She told me she loved me too and to go clean up, but first lets have a cigarette. I light up two smokes and handed her one and we sat by the fire laughing at what had just taken place. She told me to jack off while I removed the clothespins so I started flogging my dolphin.... mmmmm what a turn on, with the clothespins still on!! I took each clothespin slowly off from my nipples while stroking my cock against her perfect breasts and she scraped off the wax.... ouch... it hurts when they come off my nipples.Then from my cock... not as bad coming off there!

I untied my balls... that hurt a bit as they regained their normal shape and size!! They were a dark purple for quite a while but otherwise okay! She gently massaged them as I whacked off... I kept jacking off and came in huge spuirts, it just flowed and flowed out, covering my hand, my cock and dripping down onto my balls... some got on her titties which I licked off of course!! She leaned down and licked all of my cum up.... I toId her I love her again and we kissed letting my cum swirl in our mouths, she is so special to me! After I cleaned up we made dinner and had a great night of more sex, music, we partied a little, and laughed and joked around till dawn! How beautiful is that! The End.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:      tiedbiyou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





