BDSM Library - My First Time




My First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A story of lust, Domination, submission, anal play and spanking, during a submissive's first time, deep throat experience.






My First Time

Snuggling close to you, your arms pull me closer, even in your sleep. I kiss your lips softly, smiling to myself. My heart, mind, and soul are full of you. I'm happier than I've ever been, more content. All is right and wonderful in my world.

I lay next to you, thinking of the things we have shared, everything that you have done for me, taken and made the time to do. Images from the video you sent last week linger in mind and I am instantly filled with desire. I try to settle and lay still, knowing how much you need to rest. But I can't help squirming a little and I know that I've lost the battle.

Grudgingly, I move away and, ever so gently, turn you on your back. I'm still for a moment, listening to your breathing, watching your chest rise and fall, making sure that you are still asleep. Then, carefully, I crawl below the covers and between your sprawled legs. Again I listen, as I take in the sinuous lines and strong, sexy frame that turns me on again and again.

Letting my eyes drink you in, I am filled with sexual heat and I move to take your already engorged cock between my lips. You move slightly and I go completely still until you settle into a deeper sleep. Then I hold you with one hand, lightly caressing the hard, thick girth of you, stroking my fingertips up and down your length as I wrap my hungry lips around you, suckling you softly as my hands grow more insistent.

I wrap my free hand around you as I begin to suck the head of your steel-hard erection a little bit stronger. You breathe a soft growl and it envelopes me like an electric jolt. I lower my head to push you into my warm, wet mouth even deeper, sucking you harder as I move my head to slide up and down over your long, hard length, and I'm thrilled by the feel of you growing ever harder against my tongue and filling my mouth.

As slowly as I can, I tilt my head forward for a better angle, so I can take in all of you, as my hair falls forward against your thighs. I begin a rhythm, sucking you from base to head and stopping there momentarily, to trace circles around the tip with my tongue. Then I plunge my ravenous mouth down over you, hard and fast, suckling you hard at the base, and slowly pulling up again, over and over. I reach to touch your full, tight balls as I continue to dive down on your cock, kneading and massaging until neither of us can stand to wait. Your soft groans surround me as I move faster to push you all the way to the back of my throat, my head moving up and down, as I take in the feel of your ever-thickening need.

As I am sucking you hard and fast, you fist my hair and moan, "Slower, my Lil Bit." So I slow to the movements that you determine as you push and pull me, letting me know how it feels the best. I match the rhythm you have chosen and slide my hand beneath your sweet, firm ass cheeks. Your husky groans turn into growls as I suckle you hard and slide one finger over your ass crack.

Your hips gyrate as you fuck my mouth in earnest now, your thrusts hard and powerful, and I love how it feels when you fuck my face, my tongue, and my lips. Your balls pummel me, bruising my lips, as I use one hand to titillate your nether regions with a few strands of my hair and push one finger against your tight, untried asshole. Your loud growl fills the air as I suckle harder and push my finger into your hot, little hole all the way up to the knuckle.

The warmth of your anus clinging to me, and the feel of your granite cock driving into my mouth, tortures both of us. A sweet, tormenting ache begins between my thighs, but I am not about to change this; this dream state, this evocative moment, when all is surreal, when so much more than the physical possesses and belongs to us.

Both of us are so lost in the profound intensity and depth of our mutual desire, so intent on pleasing, loving, teasing and pleasuring each other, even as lust; dark, deep and carnal, consumes us. The air is filled with the scent of our synergistic heat and I drink it in with all of my senses, never wanting this moment to end.

Then you push me gently onto my back and move to straddle my face. Your eyes lock with mine in silent question, and I let you know that it is so much more than okay. Slowly, you press your cock to my swollen lips, tentatively pushing into my mouth, inch by inch, deeper and deeper, as you watch my eyes. I suckle you softly, never taking my eyes off yours. Then you push even deeper and I slide two fingers into your tight, little hole. You close your eyes and throw back your head in abandon, and I know that you are lost in me, in us, in passion as primitive as the ages.

Your hips piston, slamming your balls into my face, and it pushes my fingers more deeply into you. Your breathing comes in short, ragged gasps. With both hands free, I reach to spank your firm, rounded cheeks short and sharp. Then I grip your buttocks in one hand while I wiggle, push, and pull my fingers in and out, over and again. Then I pull you firmly to me, forcing your rock-hard erection almost as far as I can take you. The head of your cock hits the back of my throat as you utter garbled words and groan.

I push my fingers all the way into you, sinking them in to the hilt, as I smack your reddening cheeks with my free hand. Your thrusts get faster and harder. I can tell how close you are, so I drive my fingers in hard, pushing you flat against my face, wriggling my fingers deep inside of you as your steel-hard cock slides down my throat. I swallow hard against you and learn how to adjust my breathing. Then I force you to stay deep inside me, finger fucking you wildly, as you squirm to thrust deeper.

Finally, I change the angle of my exploring fingers and tilt my head slightly; just a fraction of a movement that shoves you over the edge. Our cries mingle in the air as you lean on both hands and force your balls into my mouth. I suckle, lick, and stroke them wildly, with the tip of my hot tongue, wrapping my free arm around you, pulling you more tightly against me as your cock throbs hard in my throat.

I am overcome with elation, ecstasy and the new found joy that comes with finally being able to pleasure you this way. Your asshole clenches around my fingers and another loud groan escapes you. Again, I bring my hand up to spank your ass in sharp succession, wanting to bring you to ultimate completion.

Your hot cum shoots down my throat as I swallow hard around you. My throat clutching around your cock brings you to orgasm again and I slowly withdrawal my fingers from your pulsing canal. Then I grip your waist with both hands and flatten you against my face, your cock still pulsing hard, long and deep inside of me.

Finally, you move to lie beside me, eyes filled with a mixture of uncontained love, utter contentment, and stunned amazement that makes me giggle out loud. You crush me to you for a long moment, your loving arms locked tightly, protectively around me.

We have no need of words just now, so I flash you a wickedly wanton smile and collapse in your arms. Your body goes limp against mine while I lay near sleep with a huge smile; happy in knowing that I've finally deep-throated you; that I've completely and utterly drained you, that you are happily surprised and physically sated, that you are wholly, completely fulfilled by our lovemaking... and so am I.

By: Wildfire8470



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Wildfire8470


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





