BDSM Library - A Hypnotic Journey




A Hypnotic Journey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:        A new journey through an induction and fun.






You and I have been talking for a few days, and we meet up at a bar, for a couple of drinks. You know that I'm a hypnotist, but you're a skeptic on the whole 'being put in trance' thing. You don't really believe it's possible, but after hearing the stories I've told about my experiences, you accede that maybe it's possible for some people. It's not that you don't want me to have that kind of power over you, it's more that you need more information about the process. So, you ask me. "Can you demonstrate the process of putting me in trance?"

"Well, sure, as I love working with someone who shares my interest. Here, let's make this an easy experience for you; just something light and fun, to get you to the point of understanding. Imagine this: You are standing on a beach, your towel and a bottle of sunscreen lotion in hand. You are wearing your bathing suit, that you were so thrilled to have found in your favorite colors, just a few days before. Your hair is slightly blowing in the light breeze coming off of the ocean, and the sun in shining and warm. The smell of seawater is in the air, and as you scan the beach, slowly, from right to left, there is no one else here. You have the beach all to yourself. The sounds of the waves lapping at the shore is relaxing to you already, simply a steady pulse, beating in time. You lay your towel out on the sand, and sit down. The heat from the warm sun's rays is already beginning to warm your skin. You can feel the steadiness of the warmth spreading over your body, can't you? It's warm and cozy, like a favored blanket, wrapping you up in peace and contentment. The air is just right, and you feel a desire to just lie back and rest, for a few moments, to enjoy every little sensation. You set the lotion down, and lean back, your head resting on the towel, and are feeling completely relaxed all at once; the sound of the waves pulsing in time with your heartbeat and you notice that your breath is even slowing down to match that rate, in...and out, in time. Your eyes close slowly, just to envelop all of your senses in the warmth of the moment, the sound of the waves, the feeling of your heartbeat, the steadiness of each breath, the smell of the ocean, the weight of your body against the towel, and listening to my voice describing such an idyllic setting. You are enjoying paying attention to all of these effects all at once, because they all feel so good, don't they? You desire to feel good, happy, comfortable, and warm, and you are getting all of those needs met, simply by just listening. Your skin begins to tingle as my pair of warm hands begins to rub the lotion along your shoulders and collarbone, just like this...and you can feel it so real, and so very comfortable, relaxing you even further, with every breath you take in, and with each exhale, you are letting all of your tension drain out of you, the stress and worries simply dissipating, being rubbed out of existence, as the lotion is rubbed into your skin. The sense of peace and contentment pervades your senses, and you can easily let go now, and just be loving the feeling of my hands on your skin, taking away all of your skepticism and replacing it with belief and desire, to submit to the sense of me having this control over your senses. This is the best you have ever felt before, so warm, and safe, so happy, and content and at peace. You hear me speak, there, softly whispering a simple word over and over in your mind, and this word is buttercup, and you notice that hearing me say that word makes you feel so comfortable, and restful, as if the world simply disappears, and there is only my voice, and my hands touching you; buttercup, I whisper again"

The world is suddenly back, and I am holding you, whispering in your ear, and we're still sitting at the bar, but you feel so relaxed now, so wonderful, peaceful, and contented. It feels so right, you, being held by me. I say, "Welcome, to the world of hypnosis."

"My lovely lady, you have now been introduced to my power, and have drunk of my wine willingly, haven't you?" You nod slowly. "Did you enjoy the experience?" You dip your eyes demurely, the sudden heat between your thighs betraying your thoughts, and just smile. "I thought so. Well then, are you ready to continue to experience all that I have put in your mind now?"

You reply, "That was interesting, and I'm very curious to see where this rabbit hole leads. I was only out for a few minutes? Amazing. Yes, I would love to continue, please."

Buttercup

"You will listen very closely, because this next phrase will completely alter what is real, what is imaginary, what is defined, and what is abstract."

Your eyes flutter in response, and the only thing you know is that you are about to hear something so important, it will shape the very fabric of time, and you will hear it in the voice that causes such a sense of peace and contentment.

"The phrase is: When your conscious mind is awake and alert, pay attention to what I tell her, and make it happen." I pause for just a moment. "Now, your conscious mind will not recall anything that was said, but your subconscious mind is always paying attention, and has memorized everything. This short session will conclude momentarily...3...2...1."

Buttercup

You return to the world, and your eyes regain focus. You're looking at me, smiling at you, with a mischievous twinkle in my eyes.

"Welcome back. You were only out for a few seconds, just long enough for me to put a very special command in your psyche."

"Oh?", you reply. "And what have you put there...as I don't think I was out long enough for there to be any difference at all. I certainly don't feel any different...except that I really love your voice. It's so peaceful and wonderful just listening to you. Did you make me feel that way? Although, now that I think about it, I liked your voice already. Hmm."

"Would you like some proof as to the manner of change I have embedded?" You nod just a fraction, your eyes looking into mine, and still smiling.

"I think they turned the temperature in the room up. Can you feel how very warm your entire body is getting right now? I'm sure, that in a few moments, your breasts will start to sweat, and your thighs will begin to rub together, which will massage some very sensitive parts of your lower anatomy, won't it?"

You are thinking to yourself, "This is so weird; such things can't just happen because he says so, that's something that only a God could do, and he's not a God. Hey, who turned up the heat? It's really hot...damn, it's really fucking hot in here!" You remove your shirt, unbuttoning each button as fast as possible. You look down at your breasts, and you're sweating, you can even see the little beads of sweat dripping down. "This is too much," you mutter to yourself, and reaching behind yourself, you unhook your bra, to hopefully let some air hit your breasts, and cool them. Your jeans feel really fucking tight and wet too. You get up and walk to the bathroom, shut the door, and lock it. You turn the fan on, to hopefully cool the room down more, and reduce any sounds you may make. "Ok, let's just see what the fuck." You attempt to just drop your jeans, by unbuttoning them, and unzipping; but they are staying in place. "Now that's not normal." You roll down the edges, and start peeling the pants legs down. "Wow, these are soaked...and they smell like...they smell...like...me?" Your jeans are at your ankles now, so you sit down on the toilet, and take a heavy inhalation of air. "The whole room smells like my pussy." You glance down in that direction, and you can see the wetness has completely drenched your panties. There's even leakage coming out the sides. "Well, these have obviously got to come off too!" You look around for a towel, to wrap around yourself, so you won't be too embarrassed, at least, and strip off the rest of your pants, and your panties. Unfortunately, the only thing you can find is a small towel. You wrap it around, and, aww, you have to hold it closed, so that everything is covered! "Just my luck," you think. You unlock the door, and, carrying your jeans and panties, come out of the bathroom.

"Hey, I don't really understand what happened, but my clothes are soaked. Um, would you mind if I borrowed your dryer?" You chuckle sheepishly, blushing very red, while looking at me.

"What's that delicious scent you're wearing?" I say. In reaction, you simply blush deeper. "I can almost...taste it...in the air." Your blush gets even redder, and you start leaning forward, an unconscious movement, on the balls of your feet. Part of you wants to drop the towel, because holding it closed is becoming tiresome; yet another part of you is saying, "NO, you can't, then he'd see everything, and he'd know I'm really horny right now! C'mon, girl, maintain at least some air of dignity." You walk over to the couch, and sit down, crossing your legs, to hide...things. You can't seem to bring yourself to meet my gaze, simply keeping your head ducked, and your eyes down, because you're so embarrassed, but also very turned on. Unconsciously, your legs begin to shift back and forth, your labia trapped between your thighs, and as your legs move, just a little bit, back and forth, your labia begins to massage your clit very lightly. "Just a little bit, gotta relieve some of this tension...maybe he won't notice."



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Verisimilitude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





