BDSM Library - A New Beginning




A New Beginning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     A new journey through romance and pain






It's a slightly cool evening, and we've just finished a lovely meal at our local mutually favorite restaurant. We step outside, and I take your left hand in my right, leaning in to lightly kiss your neck, and inhale that lovely fragrance that is all you. Devious thoughts constantly running through my mind, but for now, it's good to take time and enjoy the sweeter things. We walk idly, slowly, down the sidewalk, approaching an alley to the left. Passing the corner, I pull you to me, lifting you off your feet, kissing you, your body pressed hard to mine, and back into the darkness. You are so wrapped up in the suddenness of it all, and how romantic everything is, your eyes closed while you explore my mouth, and I yours. Suddenly there is a bump, and you hit your feet. I have backed into the wall, and loosened my grip.

"You're so damned gorgeous, and I love seeing that look in your eye for me," I say. You blush deep, and even through the darkness, I can see how pleased you are. You've really enjoyed the night so far, and the kiss was pleasantly unexpected. I wrap my arms around you again, leaning into another kiss, pulling you off your feet again, as your arms move around my neck; playfully, you lift your legs and wrap them around my waist too. You notice me move a few steps, and your eyes open, to see mine staring into yours.

"I'm going to do so many evil things with you tonight, my sweet girl." (The only thing you remember is me making a lot of calls earlier this morning. You didn't pay much attention to the topics, because you know how much I love it when you respect my privacy, so you just went and got onto the computer, naked, as I love to have you.) I slowly lower you a bit, and you instinctively unwrap your legs from mine, reaching for the ground...except there's something in the way. I keep lowering you, so you spread your legs a bit more to go around it. I settle you down that last inch, your clit poised on the wooden pony, before I straddle it, standing above it safely, your dress having ridden up, exposing your lovely pussy. I pull my cock out, and simply set it against your mound, while I continue to kiss you, and hold you against me. You feel your clit grinding into the metal cover, as your weight presses down, centering, entirely, directly on your clit. The pain is tender, but remembered; sweet, pure, and perfectly targeted.

I reach up, tracing the line of your arms, with my fingertips, and you react by pulling your arms from my neck, to entwine your hands with mine, squeezing tightly, feeling me nod, as I bend my head over, to lightly bite your shoulder. With our hands melded, I bring them back to the fore, place them on my chest, and hold them to my heart for a few seconds. I then remove my right hand, out of sight, and move your left hand on top of your right hand, so I can hold them at the same time. "You've such tiny adorable hands, my pet. I shall never tire of seeing them touching my body." My other hand reappears and I quickly do a small loop and tuck, around your wrists, around again, and around once more, then slipping the rope between your arms, to tie a knot to hold the support in place, and step back, off the pony, to tie the ends of the rope to the pony's legs.

I then take the other coil of rope from out of my other jacket pocket, as you sit there helplessly teetering a little already, and looking into my eyes, the pleasure glistening in your eyes. I set the length of rope down, across the tie, just hanging free, and in the darkness it's impossible to see just how much there is...as if the moonlight shies away from touching it. As I lay the rope down, you teeter forward more, grinding your clit in, and making the ropes slack. "Now, now, little girl, you'll have to hold that straight, as you're about to given something that will help you. Bring your lovely pussy back down to rest for me."

Something catches your eye, for a split second, and you turn your head in that direction. In a flash, I have moved, grabbed the rope, and come around your blind side, grabbing your hair tightly, and turning your head to mine, to pin our lips together again. The shock of it, catches you off guard, and you rock a bit, fearing to fall off, as my other arm comes around your waist, catching you, and making you steady in place again.

Once you're steady, I begin coiling a noose behind your back, occasionally leaning forward and burying my face in your hair, to smell you again. I slip the noose around your neck, tightening it just enough, with 6 loops to resist friction a little, then throwing the rest of the rope up in the air, where it just hangs. I grab the free end, and pull it down, until I can see the end from the noose becoming taut.

I lean you back, off your clit, until the rope from your hands resists pulling, pull the rope down from the noose, until that is taut as well, and tie that rope off. I then take out two small cuffs, wrap them one at a time around each ankle, and clip them to the D-rings at the edge of the back of the pony.

Now, you are lovely, and sitting comfortably, where I can enjoy you. I come back around to the front of the wooden pony, and pull my cock out. I also light a cigarette, and begin smoking with one hand, and stroking my cock with the other. You know I've done something with my cock, but it's too dark to really see yet. The smoke you can smell, and see the wisps of it in the shafts of moonlight. You feel a light yank on the rope for your wrists, and as you lean forward, the noose tightens just a bit too.

Reacting in fear a little, you rock back again, taking the pain off your clit, and releasing the strain on your neck, but grinding down into your pussy instead. I speed up the rubbing of my cock, at your reactions, but this is definitely a treat.

I bend over and remove my shoes, then step quietly past you, always staying in the darkness, and come in from behind you, placing my hands on your shoulders, and pushing you forward. The noose squeezes your neck tighter, even as your hands come down to instinctively stop your forward momentum, and your legs grip the pony for balance. With one hand still on your shoulders, I lift your dress higher, to your lower back.

With my circumcised cock still out, I slide it inside your ass, pressing hard, to be all the way inside your ass, while choking you even more. I stand there for a few seconds, feeling your back arched against me, listening to you swallow hard and loud in the silence, trying to gulp down more air.

The only sounds you hear are your heartbeat so loud in your head, my breathing, and the cool hiss of me still inhaling, and blowing out the smoke. I yank my cock out from your ass, and you feel yourself clench in reaction, which grinds your clit a little harder. Then, what little light you had seen, disappears, as your eyes are covered by a thin strip of an unknown cloth, though it feels sexy and smooth.

"You're going to cum for me, my sweet toy, and cum quite hard, as I slowly squeeze the life from you, in delicious pain and a gasping breath."

You already feel the strain in your chest, the slight pain in your anus, and the bruising on your clit, thighs, wrists, and pussy. It's been such a wonderful experience so far, yet you still long for more, to please, to endure, to fully last until the end.

I gently tug down the front of your dress, and hold it there, just below the bottom of your breast. The pull on the back of your neck causes you to arch towards me yet again.

You feel something becoming warmer on your chest, near your nipple...it's getting very warm, but such a tight circle of it...the heat is building even hotter...and now it's gone. You hear me exhale again. The heat is suddenly searing, in a different place on your breast, where I have touched my cigarette there, and am drawing it along in a light pattern, to encircle your aureola. The fiery evil disappears, and my lips alight upon your nipple, sucking hard, biting it, then pulling away. You feel yourself being drawn forward into my mouth, trying to give more...and your noose firmly reminds you that it's there! Your nipple pops out of my mouth, my teeth scraping along the edges as it comes out. The suddenness of the actions, brings tears to your eyes, but you know how horny your tears make me, and you're always happy to cry for me.

You hear the sound of me clomping around lightly again now (I must've put my shoes back on), and you hear a small thunk, and then my happy sigh of relaxation.

"Such a good little toy, to behave like this for me tonight, my pet. I am quite enjoying watching you struggle, and wonder what will come next..."

Suddenly, rough hands grab your waist, lift you, and the pony is removed. You are put back down on the ground, and bent over at an angle, with those same hands on your shoulder blades, pushing you down, and maintaining that steady choking.

A cock is pushing against the entrance to your ass now, insistent, and you clench in response. "Mmmm, I like it when they's think I's gonna stop, jus' cuz they don' wan' it. Thanks fer lettin' me have this ass, mister. Yous a good man, sharin' this way," you hear a very gruff voice say.

He shoves his cock hard in your ass, pushing past your feeble attempt to stay closed, and begins to ram himself fast, in and out of your ass, while you involuntarily let out a whimper of pain. "Yeah, I's gonna fuk you, bitch, an' you gonna take it, cuz yous mine right now! I's gonna fill your ass, and yous gonna be drippin' an' 'member me for a few days easy." He shoves himself in and out a few more times violently, then slams it back in, and you feel his jizz shoot out, and fill your ass. His flaccid cock pulls out, and his cum starts dribbling out of your ass, and down your leg. You feel dirty and used, and it's so hard to breathe now! "Thar ya go, ya fuckin' cunt. Thanks again mister."

You hear him shamble off into the night, and then a pleased sigh comes from my direction. "Excellent little girl. You have done quite well. I shall reward you now, by taking your sweet pussy for myself."

You feel My hands on your back now, pushing you down further, choking you even more, and as you bend over, I slide my cock inside your pussy, warm and wet from the torture and pleasure and pain. Our angles line up just right now, and it's easy to slowly move in and out of you. I reach forward, and grab your hair with one hand, pulling you almost standing, and then you feel yourself pushed against the brick wall on the side of the alleyway. You have begun to see stars, your pussy is so wet, you know you're gong to cum for me, feel it spill out of your body, coating me, even while you pass out.

My love-making of you continues, because we are so close, that no matter the form, it is always love between us, and you feel that every time we are so close. My thrusts become more insistent, and I cum inside you, still thrusting and pumping, and in joy and happiness, you cum with me...even as you feel like your last breath is coming. Your head begins to fall forward, and it hits your chest. I pick you up in my arms, having cut the rope already, and carry you back to my chair, cradling you, and wrapping a blanket over you, to keep you warm.

There's a slight chill to the air, but you are breathing, and sleeping in my arms, still passed out, but with a small happy smile on your lips.

I hit send on my phone, sending the mass text message to all those who helped me set this up for us tonight. It's so nice to have friends.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Verisimilitude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





