BDSM Library - Ann's Afflictions




Ann's Afflictions
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Being the tale of how a respectable mom and housewife became a porno star in underground sex and S/M films, and the way her stepson discovered her secrets!






&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "ANN'S AFFLICTIONS!"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Part 1. 

"AAAARRRGH! NUUAARRRGH! HHHWWWOARRRRGH!"

The sound of her voice in the clips was burned into my memory, repeating and horrifying me, driving me mad as I lay there in my dark room. Mom, my loving doting Mom, was there on those internet sex sites. The same woman who'd brought me up and who I naturally felt she was my Mom, as was a baby when Dad met her. Clips of her, in that foreign police station, being interrogated and such tortuous things, sexual and depraved things done to her.

She'd seemed all right when she came home. There had been trouble with the local authorites on our holiday abroad in the summer, and we'd been arrested by the police and accused of being spies. They were going to keep us there, hinting at interrogation and beatings. Suddenly I had been brought out of my cell and told I was being deported. Mom was being detained. They allowed us a last conversation, in which Mom told me she'd somehow made an agreement, that they would leave me out of it and deport me back home. She became evasive when I asked what was going to happen to her. She hugged me and told me not to worry, she would show them there was nothing wrong and she would be home soon. Naturally I was afraid. That country didn't have a great humanitarian record, and there had been some reports of the use of torture by the police, even on innocent people they had chosen to detain.
I was worrying and panicking, and I pleaded with her to let me stay, I would help protect her and liase with the Embassy there, the home government would surely intervene and see we were released.

"Mom, please don't trust these people!" I said. "Remember that progamme on TV. The documentary about detainees here. the police tortured them! Horrible things, electric devices, cattle prods... Whips and everything, the Bastinado of their feet and...Gang sex on them. You know how these people perv at white women and wives, and they're dirty bastards, they're all into anal sex and stuff!"

She laughed that off. "No, love! That won't happen! Those are unproven reports and anyway that was about things twenty years ago! Now don't be silly, go on, I'll be back soon."

I was escorted to the hotel by a policeman, to get our belongings and cases, and Mom's toiletries and stuff that she'd need. She wasn't around when I returned to the police station to sign my release forms and pass them her things.

As I left the station, I noticed the group of young local lads that worked on the market stalls etc, sitting outside a cafe again, like they had the day she'd seemed to flirt with them. They were watching me and grinning. I'm sure it was something to do with them, why we got arrested that day. Their leader had hung around Mom every night in the bar, chatting and giving her sleazy lines. I hated the way they seemed to like each other. My Mom, a white matronly flower of attractive maturity of good character and standing, seemed to giggle and fancy this greasy young foreign hyena from the dusty backstreets of this corrupt country.

I froze to the spot when I noticed he had a pair of panties and a bra in his hand. If I wasn't mistaken, they were my Mom's! How the hell did he get them? He'd had no opportunity, surely? Then I heard a shout from the police station. It came from a barred window at the side. Against my better judgement, I had to see. I looked in from outside.

First I saw the person who'd shouted. It was one of the cops. He stood, arms folded, barking out orders and chiding somebody. Then I saw Mom.

My Mom was naked, standing still with her back to me. One of the two first cops that had arrested us, the tallest one, had her in his arms. His hands roved over her bare back. He had white latex gloves on. He took out a small sample jar and a big cotton swab stick. Looking down over her back to her bare bottom, he reached and skilfully pulled apart one of Mom's quivering white buttocks. I shuddered with shock and disgust as he wiped the swab stick over her bumhole. Her anus twitched in reflex as he repeated this action several times, but she stood still and quiet, submitting to him.
I reeled back in horror. Yet my cock began to twitch and harden in my jeans. I didn't really know what was happening to me, why would I react with arousal as well as horror?

I walked quickly away. As I passed the greasy young men again, their leader shouted me in broken English. "Hey Bob! Bob, look!"

He had shaken up his bottle of pop, and he held Mom's bra and panties over it at his crotch, and let it spurt white fizz into them while he wiggled it and pulled tongues at me! "Yourr motherrr! Bob, your motherr, Jiggy-jiggy!" He mock-fucked and spunked her most personal intems of clothing. I had a split second image flash through my mind of Mom naked and her matronly, motherly pale form riding him as he laughed. 

They all laughed at me as I stormed off in embarrassment. I didn't quite know whether he was making out that he'd sexed my Mom, or mocking me about what was starting to happen to her in that sordid compound, but I couldn't think straight anyway. I flagged the first cab I could and went to catch the plane, thinking non stop about Mom left behind...









"ANN'S AFFLICTIONS!"

Part 2.

I got drunk on the plane and passed out. I had to. I was still shaking and worrying about Mom, left there in police custody in that country rumoured to use torture against detainees. Even though she'd reassured me it wasn't going to happen to her, I had a feeling that she was protecting my sensitive nature, like a loving Mom would. I knew she'd sacrificed herself in some unspoken way, to save me from what they may otherwise do to me. On reaching home I collapsed on the sofa. When I awoke there was a message on the answerphone. I was much relieved to hear Mom's voice. She'd left a message that I shouldn't worry, she was all right, but she had to stay there for a while, to get the allegations "properly sorted out", and she had "some business with them." She warned me not to get the home authorities involved or try to have her checked on, as it might anger the authorities she was detained by, and would cause nothing but trouble for us.

I relaxed a bit after that. At least they weren't torturing her, and had allowed her a phone call. I didn't know much about legalities or what to do about all this anyway, I was only nineteen and very shy and naive. I loved her the same as if she'd been my natural mother, she'd always doted on me and I trusted her enough to do as she asked and say nothing. I didn't even unpack our cases yet, I had more to drink at home and went to bed, exhausted.

An unusual thing about me is that I've often had psychic dreams. Sometimes things would happen the next day that I'd dreamed about, and other times I'd dream things were going on that I had confirmation of soon afterward. However, I couldn't really tell the difference between them and normal dreams, as I had those too and usually it was just my mind running riot like everybody else in sleep.

I had very bad dreams that night. The image of Mom naked as I'd seen her, with her clothes dropped at her feet and her bottom hole twitching as the foreign policeman rubbed the swab over it, appeared again. That was horribly true, I knew. However, more appeared....


"NUUUUAAARRRGH! AAAAAHHHH! OOOORRGH, HHHOOOOOOO!"

She was yelling out loud in pain and indignation. I saw her nude, cuffed and hung by her wrists from the ceiling of a bare unfriendly room, one light bulb starkly showing the scene. She was balancing on tiptoes and screaming, as the harsh sound of a whipcrack, and another, split the air. That greasy young guy from the market stalls was peeking in from outside the barred windows, his face grinning. The bastard was wanking himself in glee in the dark outside, as Mom was chided and tortured. Then I got a full frontal of her. Her tits were ruddy, as if they'd been mauled or punished somehow, and she yelled in a way that tore at my heart, as one of the three police in the room savagely poked a cattle prod between her bumcheeks. There was a crack of electricity. She jerked in shock and splayed her legs in reflex.

"NUUUUUAAARGH! YEEEEERRRGH! UUUULLLLLLLHHHH!"

Those were the noises she made in succession, because in a split second a big horrible black bullwhip was lashed across her bum. Then again.

My Mom's mature, womanly, motherly and shockingly naked form jerked and danced in the most undignified and embarrassing way, and I saw her nipples were hard. a sign of panic,surely. Not of sexual excitement. Then again, arousal can be forced, I had heard. Perhaps it's the body just reacting...

Then I saw something else. Her lipstick, part of her make up that I'd brought to her for her use. They had fucking stuck it up her arse. It was there, quivering with her buttocks as they clenched in agony. Several long red weals crossed her bare bottom...

Then my dreams got confused again. I saw the young guy laughing at me as he mock-spunked my Mom's underwear. I saw him as he'd chatted her up before, in the hotel bar. I got images of him naked with her, in her room. His dusky young body between her legs, his cheeky face grinning as he rolled her about, balling her like a horny bastard. "Bob! Yourrr Motherrr!" he mocked. Then I saw Mom kneeling before him, rolling her tongue lasciviously around his cock head. She ran a feather up and down his long brown shaft and tickled his hairy tight balls with it. She rolled her nipples, all hard and wet with his precum, around over his bell end. "Ahhh, my Lovellly Sexxxy Ann! Dirty Bitch! You arrre my Dirrrty Bitchhhh!" he said. Then he laughed and waggled his dick on my Mom's tits as he came. Splashing his bollock juice all over them. "Bob! Yourr Motherrr! Jiggy-Jiggy!" he mocked. She looked at me too as he spunked her. They both smiled, teasing me to distraction.

I sat up in bed, breathing heavily and soaked in sweat. "Just a dream, just a dream, forget it," I thought. Not to worry, everything was all right. Nevertheless, it was a very WET dream. I must have involuntarily cum, and more than once it seemed. Never mind, just my mind playing tricks on me, tormenting me with such silly things, things I dared not allow myself to think in daily life. I had to believe that. I'd read in psychology books at college that such things can happen, the human being is a complex creature of conflicting feelings and desires.

At least, I hoped it meant nothing, because I was a bit surprised at what I found when I unpacked our cases the next day...









"ANN'S AFFLICTIONS!"

Part 3.

I got around to unpacking our stuff the next day. I unpacked Mom's in her bedroom. I didn't know quite where she kept all her different clothes, but I thought I'd better try my best, it was all I could do for her, give her a tidy clean home on her return, whenever that was going to be. It would make me feel like a good boy and hopefully keep my mind off worrying about her, which didn't entirely work.

I did wonder why she'd packed so many rather sexy items of underwear. There were various kinds of things you only see in adult sex shops etc, as well as more normal everyday things. Some had been worn on the holiday of course. They were kept in a separate clothes bag in her case. As I put them in the wash, looking at the labels to try and get it right, I noticed one pair were solied more, with what I could have sworn was dried sperm. I dismissed it, telling myself it was probably just some discharge for some reason, or spilled cream from coffee in her hotel room or body lotion or something. There was no way she could have been with anyone, I had been with her all day every day. Except of course at night when we were in separate rooms. I was sure she wouldn't anyway, she was a respectable woman.

At the very bottom of her case, I found a folder. It contained, surprisingly, essays she'd been writing. I knew she was doing a course under a female psychologist at the hospital she worked at, about human behavior and the history of the country we'd gone to. I remembered meeting the woman a couple of times, she was a tall foreigner with long black hair and it seemed by the course details that she was from that country. She had seemed somehow offhand, cold and domineering although she was an attractive woman. Dr. Shangwal was her name, I think she was mixed Asian and Middle Eastern. Mom wasn't a complete prude despite her nice, sometimes slightly Victorian manners, and I remembered us jokingly calling her Dr Shagwell!

These particular essays were about democracy, human sexuality and the psychology of torture in that country. It seemed mostly professionally presented, dispassionately and objectively describing cases and stuff. However, reading on, I discovered descriptions of some of the instruments used in modern times, including a thing called "The Picana." My heart began to beat harder in my chest as I read that it could
resemble a souped up cattle prod, but was modified, designed more for human torture, as it could inflict greater pain than the cattle prod, but with less marks on the body, and so less evidence of maltreatment of prisoners.

I was more disturbed to find a note penned by Dr Shangwal. It said, "The contact in that town is a young man who holds market stalls. You may get some information from him on current goings on by the police there, but I think he may want something in return!" A suggestive smiley accompanied it, of a smiling face and a doodle of an erect penis!

The shattered pieces of this jigsaw were beginning to come together! "Oh, no!" I thought. "MOM! NO, MOM! Surely you didn't!??"

My cock was already hard, throbbing erect in my summer shorts, betraying my own feelings to my logical mind.

Then the phone rang. I ran downstairs, hoping it was her again, reassuring me everything was all right still. There was a few seconds of silence when I picked it up, then suddenly a brutal whipcrack and "OOOOOOUUUUAAAARGH!" Then a loud buzzing sound, and "HOOOOOOHH, NO!" Then a long drawn out wail, of despair and agony. "GGGRRRAAAAAAAH - HUUUUUAAAARRRGH!" A woman gasped and sounded like she was hyperventilating, then the call clicked off.

I fell into the chair, shaking with shock. Surely it was my college friends winding me up, the bastards!? They'd done pretty bad wind ups before, and I'd confided in one of them that morning that she'd been held back and I was worried about her treatment.

Then again... What if it was her!? What the hell were they doing to her? I went back to sorting out her stuff upstairs but my concentration was wrecked. I got my cock out, and pressed her sexy underwear to my face. I found her slippers too. I didn't know if she ever guessed I used to wank into them. As always, they smelled of her, her scent from her bare feet and talcum powder. 

All the things that could be happening to her whirled around in my head. Images floated into my mind of her being whipped, scolded, slapped, electro-tortured, shagged, sodomized, led round on a leash. What were they doing to her? MOM! OHHH, MOM!" I thought, as I cum into her undies, bra and slippers, again and again, blushing in my shame and uncontrollable desire to see...









"ANN'S AFFLICTIONS!"

Part 4.

Mom didn't call again. There were no more strange calls with noises either. However, two days after I found the essays, a letter came. Postmarked from Turkey, first class international carriage, with the stamp of the Turkish regime. Inside was a postcard, with no letter of explanation. Mom's handwriting was easy to recognise, she wrote that she was all right and again not to worry. She said she wasn't at the police station now, they'd let her go. She wouldn't be home yet, there were things and agreements she had to sort out, and they were detaining her until they were satisfied. She said she'd write at least once a week if they'd let her, to let me know she was fine. I took it that being sent in an official envelope like that meant they were taking care of her.

I was glad she was writing as the weeks turned into months. I'd have gone out of my mind without that reassurance, slim as it was. I still worried, naturally. I didn't see why the cards would always be sent in official envelopes. When I'd come home from college I'd find myself unable to concentrate on T.V. and I'd sit there with my mind turning over the events that holiday. I'd had no idea it was anything more than a normal holiday. We'd been abroad before without any problems.

I sought out a couple of new internet friends from any websites and social networks I could, in the town where we'd gone to stay, and mentioned my Mom was there at the moment. I described her in as much detail as I could: 5 feet 7, white with red hair of a medium length, build of a fullish kind like many mature western mothers and with a magnetic friendly but quite cultured and respectable way about her. She would show herself to be a good honest soul, helping anyone she could and if they asked about she'd probably be helping people in need and teaching some first aid. 

I asked them to do me a favour and try to find anything about where and how she was. They knew nothing much, from what I could understand of their attempts at English anyway, and the translation tools didn't improve it much. I did get reassurance from one person that she was indeed no longer held at the station. That was an enormous relief. She was free and just dealing with whatever remained before heading home, as she said on her postcards.

Out of the blue, Dr Shangwal's secretary called me one day. She said I needed to come in to the hospital to see Dr Shangwal, and as it was confidential it had to be in a private meeting. Puzzled, I went as she said.

"Hello Bob!" The foreign psychologist as I tentatively entered her room. Like a doctor's surgey, it was quiet, almost stifling in its contrived peace. She began in the way they do when encoraging familiarity "Can I call you Bob!? I nodded. She went through the usual smalltalk, then breached her subject. As she sat at her desk typing into her computer, she began. "How is your mother, do you know?"

I said I thought she was dealing with some official tangles and was delayed abroad.

"Hmmm." she said. "As you know, Ann is doing a project for me. This is very important to her, it gains her necessary qualifications. Among the work I've set she's had some amount of choice, but mostly I decide. She's been there six months now, and I think her project should be complete and it's time to resolve these diplomatic glitches."

Then she went on, "I do several types of work here. One thing I do, is counselling. I work for the government in some capacities. I have done work abroad too, counselling victims of all kinds of stress and ordeals. We are concerned here because you must be very worried about Ann. I have - "

She broke off as the phone rang. An agitated voice babbled on the line, then she quickly got up and excused herself, saying she was sorry to make me wait but there was an urgent matter at the other wing of the hospital. She closed the door and her footsteps hurried down the silent corridor.

I thought hard. Government? Victims? What the hell was going on? I listened for a minute but no sound was heard. Nobody about. I wonder what's on her computer then?

I went around to the other side of her desk and looked. It was a very official looking site, like an internal, password-protected thing, for professionals with access to foreign affairs. It was undoubtedly a foreign site, but she had left herself logged in. I couldn't understand the language and symbolism, but I saw a menu option for the English version. I was risking things by doing this but I had to press the button, as sites usually don't translate names, and the name heading the page was Ann (Mom's surname.)

My heart beat faster as it changed to English. Listening intently for anyone approaching the room, I read haphazardly. The first item I saw was titled "ARREST SHEET." I clicked on it. I heard my own voice gasp.

It was a translated Arrest Sheet, just like it said - with photos.
The page showed a logo at the top, "REPUBLIC OF TURKEY. MINISTRY OF JUSTICE." Another official seal at the person's name, and lower was the general Seal of the Turkish Regime.

NAME: Ann XXXXX (Surname blanked out.)
SEX: Female
NATIONALITY: British (UK)
RACE: Caucasian
EYES: Green
HAIR: Red
HEIGHT: 5 ft 7
WEIGHT: 154 Pounds
AGE: 42

Placed between the name and the description below, were four photographs of a naked woman, blindfolded. She was hancuffed and photographed in different positions. It was undoubtedly my Mom. That same red hairstyle and body shape. Except I'd never really seen her unclothed. I took in my Stepmother's nude handcuffed form. Her breasts, mature and quite full, with large areolae. Her bare back and slightly ample bottom was shown in the lower photo, where she was cuffed behind her back.

My hands shook and I felt overcome with fear and shock, but a strange morbid fascination drove me on. Opening other windows, I discovered what had been held from me. It was true, she wasn't in the police station now. it was even worse than that. She'd been officially charged with several offences and comandeered by higher powers, and transferred to a secure military base!

Now I heard the sound of Dr Shangwal's heels echoing in the corridor. Damn, I had no time to discover more and get the current news on her. I fumbled but just about closed the extra windows and changed it back to Turkish and pretty much how it had looked when she went out. Despair and longing and terror reached unbearable heights in me as I went back to my seat. 

I'm a good actor but I couldn't conceal my hands shaking as I sat there, and I barely heard what she said as she continued. My head swam. She probed me about life with Mom, had her "problems" being "caught up in red tape and delayed" caused me much stress? How close were we? and various more invasive questions. I didn't know why she needed to know those. No wonder she wouldn't talk over the phone. She touched on my sexual feelings and fantasies. I normally wouldn't anyone anything like that, doctor or not, but somehow I felt compelled to. Something was odd and overpowering about her. 

She concluded "You will be pleased to know I am now in a position to secure your mother's release and return home." She eyed me in a way I found uncomfortable when she added, "She will need to sign some papers, confidentiality and not taking action against anyone because of what's happened, and here are yours, sign here please. This is that you undertake to vouch for her and agree to the terms."

The papers she presented were in a foreign language. I signed anyway, all I wanted was her return.

I couldn't wait any longer, I blurted out, "Has she been tortured?"

She smiled at me, a cold smile with serious eyes.

As she ushered me out she laughed as if my question was a joke.

Three days later I finally picked up Mom at the airport and drove her home. I was an emotional reunion, and we both got slightly tearful. To hug her again, smell her perfume, hear her loving voice was wonderful. She seemed all right. We cooked dinner together and I asked no strange questions.

She asked me for a foot massage that night, something she'd not done before. I blushed as I cradled her sexy feet and ran my fingers over them. She said she was exhausted and her feet were in need of some TLC. As I ran my thumbs up her soles, I noticed she had hard pads of skin at the balls of her feet beneath the toes. I wondered what had caused that, maybe just the rougher life she'd lived while in custody. It somehow turned me on to feel them. I didn't know how I was going to get around to all the qustions I was burning to ask. It wasn't the right time, if ever.

I felt a lot better now she was here safe again.

In bed that night in my dark room, I felt safer and less guilty to let my mind run over events and let myself get the horn. My secret shameful feelings came easier to the surface. I went over things again, at least all of what I knew. There was a strange vinegary kinkiness about the whole thing. I wanked like crazy!

Days turned into weeks and months. It all went back to normal.

Spring was in the air and I was off college, with Mom at work one day, when I got a message on my cell phone. A video clip. I froze at its title....

"BOB, YOUR MOTHER!"

It brought everything back and more, with a stark shatteringly cruel reality!










ANN'S AFFLICTIONS! 

Part 5.


I played the clip sent to me. It was a compilation of 3 short scenes of some seconds each. It began with the words "SAMPLE. INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT. DO NOT REPOST. " An image of my Mom's arrest sheet, the same on I'd seen that Dr Shangwal had accessed, followed. My heart thumped and my feelings of guilt, fear, and shame mixed with building arousal all came back.

The first was Mom in the police station. She was clothed, in the same attire she'd been arrested in, standing handcuffed behind her back before the desk of the presiding officer. He was asking her questions in good but accented English. Two other officers, the ones who arrested us, stood each side of her. The person filming seemed to be female, I heard her voice saying "Answer the questions!" in a strict tone.

She was asked why she was taking these pictures of the police and their equipment. He had her camera on his desk. "No strange reason, Sir! Just holiday snaps and things for my studies!"

"Really!?" he was unconvinced. He nodded to the men flanking her.

"OHH! OOOHHH!" She exclaimed loudly as they took hold of her and tore open her dress. The buttons popped and exposed her lacy bra, which they tore open, leaving her bare breasts on show. They pointed out a few red patches on her skin, then grabbed her boobs, mauling them and rubbing their thumbs over her nipples.

"Love bites on your neck and chest? Seducing our young men folk, you British Jezebel?" he snarled.

"No! I... have some insect bite hives! I love your country! Everything about it! I want to help!"

"I am sure you do!" he said. "Commit her!"

She was marched out of the room with her boobs exposed.

This must have happened while I was escorted to the hotel to get her things she'd need. It wasn't hard to guess that.

The second clip was some of the scene I had seen part of from the barred window. I nowadays think of it as "The Bum Swabbing Scene!" I still even now shudder with horror and disgust yet masochistic arousal to recall it. This clip was of course closer and clearer, to mine and Mom's eternal shame. She stood there nude, vulnerable among the three officers, as the tallest one's hands roved over her body, and her hands, now cuffed in front of her, tried to cover her modesty. They even zoomed in on her anus twitching as he rubbed it with the cotton swab. There was more than one reason for zooming in. I realised they had noticed a finger of hers had slipped inside her vulva. It could be seen from her rear. "Ohh! Ohh! Ohh!" She breathed as he did the invasive and humiliating thing I had seen a moment of. The officer watching barked at her to keep still. He remarked she had a mark on her bottom too. Was it a love bite there too, he wanted to know!

The third clip revealed to me, on this fateful day I saw it, that at least some of my fears were well founded. The scene I'd dreamed about in booze fuelled delirium was not, after all, my imagination. She was stark naked, hung by her wrists and on tiptoes. Again, this was much clearer of course. There was a rack of batons, whips and canes and implements of several kinds. Her interrogator held up a short baton with a metal end. He let it crackle into life near her chest. She shuddered.

"You know what this is, don't you Ann, my sweet innocent mature project maker, here to study! What is it?"

"Picana, Sir. It's... used for human torture."

"And why is that? Tell me why!"

"It leaves less marks but gives... more pain, Sir."

"Exactly. There will be no evidence to speak of upon you by the time you are sent home. If ever. The sooner you talk and tell us what we want to know, the easier your life will be and you can be released."

He went on, "Tell me where you think we are going to apply this device on your body."

She hesitated, and the guard behind her snarled. She jerked in shock as the bullwhip was lashed viciously across her bare pale buttocks with a resounding reptilian hiss and crack.

"OOOOOUUUUAAAAAARRGH!"

She screamed out, her mouth open and eyes wide.

"Tell me where you think it's going to be used on you!"

She replied, and was asked "Where else?" after each part of her.

"Breasts, Sir."

"Back, Sir."

"Legs, Sir."

"Feet, Sir."

"Bottom, Sir."

"Vagina, Sir."

She was right about all of them! Short flashing clips followed of her being alternately whipped, and tortured with the device, in all of those places. Her passionate screams and pleading echoed around the station.

"NOOOO!" "AAAARRRGH, PLEASE NOOO!" "OOOHOOO NOOOOO!"

The clip concluded with "Part 2, at the Base, Now also available. See Ann's torments intensify!"

I sent a text in reply, asking who it was. There was no reply that day.

I don't know how I kept up the facade when Mom came in, all chirpy and full of jokes about her day. I think I can sometimes run on auto pilot. I had shut down emotionally, I was numb. It was true, certainly what I'd dreamed, and was much worse in harsh clear sharp focus.

She brought up Dr Shangwal. I cringed and shivered. It almost broke my pretence.
She said she had some homework again, and she'd better get on with it after dinner. She went to her room early. I went to bed.

Yes I played the clip again, with my headset. Couldn't stop myself coming now I was alone. I came several times. How could she keep such awful secrets from me? Was she deeper and more complex than I'd ever fully guessed? I fell back exhausted and dozed.

Suddenly something came to my mind. The clip had said "Do not repost."

Posts were things that happened on the internet. Was this where the clip was from?!

I had to find out. Somehow I had to. I began to go though all the ways I could possibly get to know what had really gone on with her during this fateful Turkish holiday...



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kylan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





