BDSM Library - Spy




Spy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Natsuko meet her destiny by extreme violent women.






Somewhere in Far East is a big night club. Night club are for VIP persons only. Club Ran is almost an independent area in very big town. Club has own security and gun man's. Authorities never visit in club. They are paid out. Investors want only big money. They don't care if money comes from drugs, prostitutions, gambling or prostitutions. Business is hard and they are many competitors. Local mafia clans own all night clubs. They are sometime almost war between mafia clans and night clubs.&nbsp; Spying and violence is very big problem for night clubs. Employees disappear or found killed. 

 Natsuko take a new drink in Club Ran's bar desk. She is very pretty Japanese 22 year old women. Natsuko is a spy. She has remote controlled camera in her handbag. She takes pictures of performers and other staff. She works for Club Empira. Empira is like Club Ran but little bigger. Natsuko's pictures goes to the club.&nbsp; Club's hit man's identify staff for kidnapping, blackmail or killing. 

 Same time Club Ran's boss and her bodyguard Gina looks security camera in control room.&nbsp; 
 "All is so clear. That Japanese bitch taking pictures on our staff. She has a camera inside her handbag. Handbag is now on desk." Gina say's. 
 "I can see that. This cute spy can not leave this club. Do you understand?" Boss say's.
 "Can I do what I want to her?"
 "Do what you want. Try to interrogate her too. I want to know Empira's boss name."
 "Ok. I can do it. This is my lucky day." Gina say's and goes to the bar. 

 Natsuko stand close to the bar desk and look her clock. It is almost four a clock in morning. She thinks just a leave when Gina comes. 
 "Hi. I am Gina. I like to buy you one drink."
 "Oh that nice but I am so tired." Natsuko say's.
 Gina order two drinks and gives one to Natsuko. They say cheers and drink. 
 "I like to ask you if you want work for us. We need dancers and models. We can pay very well." Gina lies.
 "Ohh... I am very sorry, but I have a very good job now. Thank you any way for asks."

 Natsuko and Gina talks about business. Gina awaits and talks. Almost every customer is gone and Gina goes in action. She put her arm around Natsuko's waist and draws her body against her body. With other arm she takes a dagger and push blade deep in Natsuko's internal organs in lower belly. Gina hold blade in Natsuko's belly and look her stunned facial expression. 
 "Lest go carefully. Play drunk or you will die." Gina says.
Gina takes Natsuko's handbag and led her in staff area. Gina draw blade out from belly and put it away. She aid Natsuko to her private room and push her in big bed. Natsuko lying on bed and look Gina. Then she caresses her own belly and moans.
 "Oh my God. Are you... crazy? Do... you understand what you have done?" She says. 
 "Yes I do. I push cold steel in spy bitch slutty guts." Gina says and takes camera from Natsuko's handbag. 

 Both women's looked at each other.&nbsp; Gina looks how Natsuko's belly cramp irregularly. Natsuko looks Gina's mystic expression. 
 "You are going to kill me?" Natsuko asks. 
 "Maybe. Maybe not. You are a very bad girl Natsuko. This pictures what you have in you camera kill's peoples. Tell me who Empira's boss is so I maybe save you. You wound are not so lethal now. It can be health. Not if you don't talk to me. 
 Natsuko looks Gina and think. She does not know what to do. She does not sure who is boss in Empira. Anyway she will be killed if Empira's guards know who is traitor. 

 Gina comes to Natsuko and sit close on she's body. She touches her warm hand and looks her pretty face.
 "So you do not want to talk to me?"
Natsuko's mouth opened little bit but she does not know what to say. 
Gina takes a stiletto and snap blade out. Both look glittering steel blade what Gina shows. 
 "Could you murder me like a pig for some photos?" Natsuko asks. 
 "Dead don't talk. I have time to do what I want. "

Gina starts to cut Natsuko's shirt. She throws away her white shirt in many pieces. Then she cut off her bra. Gina caresses her breasts with blade. Blade cut a little scratch on her skin. 
 Then Gina put stiletto away and caresses her body with hands. 
 "You have so sexy body. It is my pleasure to hurt you sexy body if you do not want talk."
 "I think you kill me anyway." Natsuko says.
 
 Gina opened Natsuko's jeans belt and buttons. She draws her jeans off. 
 "Mmm... You do not have any string under jeans? Cool." Gina say's
Natsuko is now totaling naked. Her wounded belly is little bulge and makes growl sounds. Only a little black dash and bruise round the wound shows where blade has penetrate her tissue. 
 Gina fingered her navel and then put her hand on Natsuko's pussy. She looks Natsuko's dark eyes and caresses her clit. Natsuko feel how Gina is excited more and more. 

 Gina rise up and bring big box from locker. It's full of sex toys. Gina gets naked and put on her a strap on. 
 "No please. My... organs are wounded. Please! Don't do that. 
Gina spread Natsuko's legs. She gets on Natsuko's body and inserts hard rubber cock in her pussy. Gina looks her sexy and painful facial expressions when rubber sinks in her cunt. 
 "Nooouh...Aaaiihh..." Natsuko moan. 
Gina sits on her legs and starts to fuck. She caresses with both hands Natsuko's belly and breasts. 
 After few minutes Natsuko pass out. 

 Gina stand front of Natsuko and look her. She can not control her passions. She take her stiletto again and goes on knee front of bed and draw Natsuko's body closer her. 
 Gina starts to caresses her belly with blade. Then she makes a cut from navel to just over her pussy. Carefully Gina cut deeper in abdominal wall and finally she sees first time in her life human intestines. Same time Natsuko awake. She looks terrified how Gina fingered her small intestine loop on her belly. 

 Gina rise on Natsuko's body again. 
 "Ohhh... No you don't... Kill me...but don't do that." Natsuko beg. 
 "So you do not like belly fuck?"
 "You... are crazy... please..."
 Natsuko's speak stopped. She saw how black rubber cock goes in her abdomen from wound. Gina starts to fuck. Natsuko's body shakes and her feet jiggle. She are shocked and don't feel pain any more. She sees how her white and glittering bowels burst on her chest and on bed. Rubber cock rush deep in her organs. She pukes. 

 Gina stands up and throws away her strap on. She takes a dildo from box and get lie on side of Natsuko. She looks her face.
 "Oh good. You are still alive." Gina kisses hard Natsuko and caresses her face with both hands. Then she insert dildo in Natsuko's pussy and starts to masturbate her. Natsuko's chin jiggle little bit. Se looks deep in Gina's eyes. 
 "It does... not... matter" Natsuko whispered. 
 Gina masturbates Natsuko's pussy hard. Her body buckle and mouth opened wide open.
 "Uuuuaaaaahhhh.....she yells and then she dies. 
 "Bloody hell. She dies with big orgasm..." Gina says. 

 Gina goes to shower. Then she comes back to Natsuko's body. Gina has a towel round her body. 
 "You are so sexy even when you are dead." Gina says. 

 Gina takes her phone and call to the guards. Two guards come with body bag and put Natsuko's body in there. 

"Shark bay?" Guard asks. 

"Yes. Sharks must feed." Gina says.

The end. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Johan R


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





