BDSM Library - Mandy's sickest stories - Mandy reloaded




Mandy's sickest stories - Mandy reloaded
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     How evil a young and innocent looking girl can be? She can be really, diabolically evil. Our heroine was just freed from jail after 6 years of imprisonment, and immediately goes after her desires, kidnaps, tortures and snuffs an unfortunate lady who happened to be in the wrong place and at wrong time. This short tale is the opening segment of a series. This is the dawn of a lesbian serial killer's career.






Mandy's sickest stories - Mandy reloaded

Author: SickoChickMandy
Author's email: mandydarkfantasies [at] gmail [dot] com
Tags: F/f, torture, snuff, feet, nc, cannibalism
Proofread by EmmaP
Note, that English is not my native language, so my writing will surely have many grammatical and syntax errors just as improper usage of expressions. I can only hope someone will still find it exciting. Be aware, this is graphic, brutal and extreme. I read it after writing and scared of myself.

Disclaimer
This story involves quite a lot of horrible activities. They are done in a non-consensual, unhealthy, insane, destructing, disrespectful, politically- and socially- incorrect ways. If you do not like to read such things, I strongly advise you to stop here and now. 
This is a work of fiction. The characters and actions depicted in this story live only in the twisted mind of their author. Hopefully they will grow in the mind of my readers as well. However, I do not condone, approve or recommend the acts I describe. This is fiction and should remain as such. Do not do this at home! 
No animal got harmed during the writing of this story. 

Short synopsis
How evil a young and innocent looking girl can be? She can be really, diabolically evil. Our heroine was just freed from jail after 6 years of imprisonment, and immediately goes after her desires, kidnapps, tortures and snuffs an unfortunate lady who happened to be in the wrong place and at wrong time. This short tale is the opening segment of a serie. This is the dawn of a lesbian serial killer's career.

---

Mandy reloaded - Dawn of a serial killer's career

"I have spent the last 6 years in jail. 2 years in juvenile reformatory then another four, long, damned years in adult prison. The sentence declared 9 years, but because of good conduct and because I was only 16 when I committed the crime, the court finally eased my atonement." the girl said as she lit a cigarette and smiled bitterly.

"Honestly speaking, it was not too bad. Spending six years away from family, friends and pals sucks, but after what I have done nobody wanted to see me again. I was left alone, not even my Mom wanted to know whether I was dead or alive." she inhaled the smoke then blew out through her nostrils, the sunshine playfully danced on the shiny surface of her long red painted fingernails. 

"Living in small cells together with a half dozen other pussies, well, for a lesbian the prison life can be sometimes pleasurable. Even if the rest of the inmates are ugly, old, stinky, dirty harridans, you can still find some beauties who match your likes." she said as one of her hands slowly slid onto the naked foot that had been positioned in front of her. Her long fingers gently stroking the silky sole and slender toes.

"Naturally, the most beautiful inmates become the sluts for the most powerful mammas, aggression and fear rule female prisons too. So I became a slut and served a fat nigger meatloaf. But I could fuck with her other sluts too, so sexually I was really satisfied." the pretty girl talked while fingernails caressed meaty toetips.

"I had to lick stinky asses and unwashed cunts but at the same time had access to some pretty feet too. Was not so bad. I was eating my mamma's pussy and was eating my fellow sluts' toes too... but my true desires were never completely fulfilled." she smoked her cigarette as she admired the pretty, orange painted toenails in front of her.

"Do you know why was I imprisoned? What my horrible crime was?" she asked in toneless voice.

"I seduced a group of teenage girls to help me capture a bitch, our most hated counselor in a summer girl camp. And then we ate her feet. I mean literally. The bitch survived, but she lost both her luscious feet from the ankle down." She squatted down and blew the smoke directly onto the pretty little toes, smiling as they wiggled.

"Two of us, me and Leah, were found guilty and we were both sent to different juvenile jails, the rest of the girls escaped punishment. They had to attend psychiatrists over the years but me and Leah were nominated as the bad girls. Funny, I wonder what had happened with Leah, she was so nice."&nbsp; She placed her half smoked cigarette between the big toe and second toe, gently tapping it down until it was stably balanced.

"I was in prison for six years, where I sucked, licked and massaged feet all the time, and couldn't think of anything else but the taste of Meg's delicious toes and sole. I wanted to eat feet again so badly! Once managed to make a deal, a girl - slightly mentally handicapped - sold me her baby toe. When asked, she lied about it, saying it was crushed by a machine during labour hours. I ate one fucking baby toe over 6 years, Gina! Can you imagine that?" she said in desperate voice, sucking a lungful of smoke from the cigarette trembling between the toes.

"I was released only two days before. No money, no home. Nothing. Well� I am young; I look good and learnt a lot of tricks behind the bars. So no need to worry about me, I will be fine. Especially because I have you. Right here with me. Oh, Gina! Rather unfortunate for you I picked you, but you must understand me, darling. I'm hungry! I must eat. I must eat your feet! I haven't eaten feet in over six years!" the girl said as she gently kissed the tip of the big toe, but her face immediately turned into a unpleasant grimace. As the glowing cigarette was burning down the rising smoke hurt her eyes and Mandy started to tear. 

"Fuck, how stupid I am!" she rubbed her red eye as she stood up, jumped over the bench and stepped to the bound girl. The pretty brunette was around thirty. She was lay on her back on the ground, with a piece of wide, grey ductape covering her mouth and cheeks. Her blue eyes were big and radiating terror, they were teary and seemed to tremble. She had an elegant, pointed nose and her nostrils were pulsating wildly as in her utter terror the girl was heaving heavily. She was listening to Mandy's madness spurred rambling for over half an hour and all the things she had heard scared the shit out of her. Her body was fully clothed from the waist up, like a spiral tied ham restrained by ropes all around, her arms were tightly bound against her body. With three tethers she was anchored to the pickets sticking out from the ground, with this she was completely fixed and even the slightest movement was denied from her.

Her hip and knees were bent in 90 degrees and her shins were resting on the seat of a small wooden bench which legs were buried deep in the ground,&nbsp; the kind of bench people normally use to circle a campfire and enjoy the pleasant warmth of flames. Her legs were naked, the torn remnants of her jeans were piled up only a few steps away. Another bunch of ropes circled her shins and thighs binding them tightly to the bench, dooming her lower limbs to complete immobility. Her naked feet were hanging freely over the edge of the bench, cool evening breeze tickled her helpless toes and forced the toe-cradled cigarette to glow up. 

High pitched muffled screams indicated when the glowing cigarette end reached the pale skin, orange tipped toes wriggled wildly crushing the pencil thick cigarette but pushing the hot tobacco into the sensitive skinlobe at the joint of two toes. Another scream, like the voice of rutting cats, and then the glowing remnants fell down leaving only a small, smutty spot behind. Mandy broke out in laughter; she passed her legs over Gina's body and sat onto the captive's chest, facing her.

"That was funny! Your toes seem to be extremely sensitive! Such screams because of a cigarette is a surprisingly intense reaction. In jail some of the disobedient inmates were punished by cigarettes, so I have a good basis for comparison. Your kind of reactions were mostly given when the cigarettes ended on their pussies, not on their toes, darling." Mandy laughed in good mood and she playfully patted Gina's teary cheek.

"I would like to free your mouth and listen to your screams, but I must be cautious. This place is safe, but I cannot risk it. No way I can go back to jail, dear." she smiled and looked around with a pleased expression on her face. They were on a small glade somewhere in the middle of an oak forest. Right next to them an old, tumble-down wooden cottage meant the end of the weed covered dirt road. Gina's blue car, and old Ford, was parked next the cottage, all doors open and Lady Gaga's Bad romance was on the radio; 'I want your love and, All your lovers' revenge, You and me could write a bad romance'.

"You know, sweetheart, I have learnt so many things in the last six years. I was said to be mentally healthy so I was sent to jail for correction. To pay my debts to society for what I have done. Instead I learnt how to be a successful hunter, someone who will be never be caught again. I learnt tricks. I built some relationships, even got to know some safety places to hide. Just like this, a nice woman told me about this hidden little sanctuary, for case of being alone." Mandy explained as she fished out something from her pocket. It was a tool made of double wooden pieces connected together at both ends by long bolts. Like a doubled spatula used for mouth and throat inspection by doctors, though both items were wrapped around by wood.

"Now I remove your gag. I don't want to hear anything, not a word, not a scream, not even a loud breath, nothing! I strongly suggest not pissing me off; I have several boxes of cigarettes left. Got it, bitch? Give me a sign if you understood." Mandy showed her angelic smile. The tied woman's eyelids trembled with a hardly recognizable nodding together. Mandy peeled her fingernails under the edge of the ductape and with a sudden yank she tore it off. The adhesive tape's rough removal hurt like hell, Gina let out a short, involuntary shriek, but Mandy's hideous grimace made her keep silent, only profuse tearing indicated the pain she felt. Her lips remained open as she was breathing heavily, too terrified to speak.

"Good girl." Mandy patted her cheeks again. 

"Now stick put your tongue. What the fuck are you doing? I said STICK OUT YOUR TONGUE, not to lick your lips!" Mandy shouted as Gina's long, pink tongue slid out from between the dry lips.

"Good, keep it there. We finish fast." Mandy hissed as she placed the double spatulas onto Gina's tongue, pulling on the tongue and pushing on the device until it slid down, finally blocked by the corners of Gina's mouth and her teeth, the rest of her tongue protruded between the wool wrapped woods. Mandy began to tighten the screws until Gina's tongue was firmly gripped between the jaws of spatulas. She tightened even more, applying increasing pressure onto the tongue, pushing it almost flat. Gina moaned in misery, the operation was painful and highly inconvenient, but Mandy's strict look kept her being silent.

"Good, I think we are done here. Nice little device, isn't it? I fabricated it while on my way from the jail to here, simple but efficient. This had triple usage. First of all, still partially gagging you, so your screams won't be too loud. Secondly, I can feel your tongue on my cunt without the risk of being bitten, the rest of the gagging will be done by my crotch. Thirdly, this will prevent you from biting your tongue off when the real pain starts, so I can be sure you can focus on the real fun." Mandy said with a diabolical smile on her pretty face, the reborn terror in Gina's eyes made her pussy send waves of pleasures to her brain.

"I would have liked to give you a warm suggestion for the future, but I'm afraid that makes no sense as your future will be not long enough to use it. But anyway, Gina honey, now you see what a bad idea it is to pick up hitchhikers, even if they look like innocent young girls. An adult woman like you should know this." Mandy mocked Gina and with a finger cleaned her right cheek. The tears smeared her make up all over her face. 

"Normally I shouldn't do this. Kidnap the first fair footed lady I came across and take her to the woods. And I promise that I will never do this again. Proper planning and lots of preparations are needed before an action like this; a serial rapist friend of mine taught me how to do this. But this is the first time, six years without juicy foot flesh, so I simply needed to catch you, darling. Great luck for me, catastrophe for you. Another suggestion would be not to drive in sandals and with freshly pedicured toes when a foot freak cannibal is sitting next to you, but that is another hint you can't use for anything I'm afraid." Mandy giggled as she stood up and removed her jeans and thong.

"Next time I will take my time with my next victim, not just a quickie like with you, but this session this evening was really not planned. This just happened. If I say I'm sorry you might not believe me, and you are right. I'm not fucking sorry. I feel so extremely happy you cannot imagine! And Gina. After this I will kill you. I don't want to go back to jail so your body can never been found. Fortunately enough wolves live in this part of the country, so they will take care of the rest." Mandy walked to Gina's feet again and took a look of the pile of woods under the trembling soles. 

"Mmmmmhhhhh! Ohhhhh Ghhhhhoooood hhnnnhhoooooo!" Gina's terror finally expressed in form of deformed shrieks.

"Shut the fuck up, you stupid cunt! Save your voice, you will need it very soon!" Mandy yelled back as she took a box of matches and struck one on the side of the box. The Sun was close to the horizon, a cold breeze had started to blow and some distant noises of awakening animals could be heard from the woods. Mandy smiled and lit the edge of paper under the wood. Gina's smiling face looked back at her, the first piece to be burn seemed to be Gina's autobiography. Such bad luck. The woman went to another city for a job interview, and after the successful first contact on her way back she was kidnapped by a killer; a killer who was to murder her only because she had luscious feet. God is such an asshole, but has good sense of humour.

The papers caught fire and was spreading slowly. Mandy walked to the other side of the bench and simply sat on Gina's horror grimaced face. She squirmed a bit until the protruding, bulging and bluish tongue snuggled against her pussy. She checked if everything was ready. On her right was the plate with three different sized but razor sharp knives, accompanied with forks and the bottle of French red wine. On her left was a pile of dry woods that were waiting to resupply the fire. If she bent slightly forward she could watch the top of Gina's feet from a close distance, the camera hanging from Mandy's neck was also charged, ready to take some memorable photos. She could see the slow spreading fire between Gina's open legs and under the bench's seat, the V shaped window to the fire will be her opening to add more woods when needed. Gina's naked pussy was slightly open, inviting her, but Mandy was thousand times more hungry than horny. Anyway, that naughty pussy will have its role too, as the long iron rod was also next to them for the Grand Finale. 

"Are you ready, sweetheart? You will soon start to feel the heat." she giggled as she slightly moved her ass forward, making Gina's tongue lick along her slit. She felt her victim's heavy panting under her most private parts. The car's radio started to play Britney Spear's Oops I did it again; 'I think I did it again. I made you believe, We're more than just friends.' And Mandy broke into laughter. Life was beautiful.

The flames spread across all the papers stuffed under the wood, slowly consuming Gina's papers, official and personal documents, even her ID and driving license. The small, toothpick sized sticks caught fire, followed immediately with all the dry straw Mandy carefully scattered around the fire's base. Very soon some bigger pieces of wood were set on fire, the source of fire slowly fattened as the first high flames reached for the sky. For Gina's ultimate discomfort her shapely feet happened to be fastened between the fire's base and the sky, so the first terror filled and pain inspired shriek arrived within seconds. The setting sun's glowing disc slowly disappeared beyond the treetops, but the sunset light was still enough to show how the air was trembling above the fire... and under Gina's condemned soles.

Mandy was panting heavily as her crotch was rythmically moved back and forth over Gina's bulging tongue and dainty nose, her sexual excitement was growing steadily as her victim's muffled screams were smothered into the profusely wetting pussy. The tightly bound body under her was trembling as if Gina was electricuted, and the feet, those beautiful feet with ten luscious toes were sweating like they were exposed to infra-red lamps. Actually, they were exposed to something much worse, the raw power of an awakening open fire. The fingers of flame reached higher as the burly pieces of firewood set alight, and Gina suddenly began to yank, every small part of her body stretched against the bonds. The toes opened like petals of a flower revealing the pink skin between them, Mandy had never seen such wide spread toes before in her life. She found it excessively exciting and sexy. She bent closer, leaned her body against Gina's shins and admired the wild dance of the toes only inches away from her widely smiling face. 

A stronger waft of air arrived and the flames blazed up, the hot air hit Mandy's giggling face. She closed her eyes to give herself a rather good idea as to the environment that inspired the orange painted toes to perform their crazy dance. 

"Mmmmppppfffffggggghhhhhhhhh!!" the muffled scream was blown into the watering pussy and Mandy even felt how Gina's tongue was shaking against her clit. She cum immediately, her whole body quaked, her long nails cut into Gina's meaty thighs, though that petty pain was insignificant as her victim had much worse things to focus on. 

"Fuuuuck Giiinaaaaaaaaa!! Yeeeeeeessssss! Yeeeeeeessssss! Buuuurn babyyy buuuuuuuuurn! Aaaaooooohhhhhhhh!" Mandy screamed into the air, rubbing her pussy even harder against Gina's mouth and nose, completely blocking her air supply. The suppressed spasm became even wider and Mandy finally raised her bottom slightly, just to give some air to her suffering victim. Gina sucked in the air like she had never breathed before and immediately started to scream again blowing hot air into Mandy's still sparking pussy. The wicked girl pushed her crotch again against the agonized face, enjoying every split second of the diabolic torture.

The air was trembling wildly around Gina's feet, glowing pieces of soot rose in the hot airflow. The slender toes clenched and released again like they were attempting to grab something. Mandy admired them, their luscious shape, the smooth sinuosity of how the metatarsal bones continued in the dainty toes, the graceful harmony of how the second toes extended past the big toe, she passionately watched the perfectly shaped and pedicured nails and their shiny orange polish. The heat of course began to affect the silky skin, the sides of the feet and especially the most exposed unprotected dainty skin-lobes between the toes, which started to redden. She couldn't see but easily imagined what was happening down at the heels which were out of her sight. She grabbed her digital camera and started to take photos, the flash lightened up the agony jerked toes for split seconds.

"Hoooooooooooottthhhhhhhhhhhh!!" muffled screams warmed up Mandy's pussy everytime she raised her ass a bit, Gina proved to be extremely energetic based on her never-ending twitches. But the bound body's desperate jerks were nothing compared to the frantic dance of the toes as the hardly visible thin fluffs on the top of them burst into tiny flames and vanished. The top of the toes, mainly the edge of the nails, started to turn into deep red, the raising smoke even painted some spots black, muscles spasmed in Gina's feet which she didn't even know existed. Only when the first blisters started to form on the toes' side Gina pissed herself, a strong yellow stream of urine splashed against the fire between the open legs. Mandy screamed out in pleasure and rubbed her cunt against Gina's tongue, she came again hard, her toes curled together with Gina's toes, they were shaking together in her overwhelming orgasm. 

"Fuuuuck! Fuuuuuck youu bitch! What a stupid idiot you areee! Extinguish my fire with your miserable piss? Just peeee you cuuuunt! Peee and buuuuurn!" she screamed in total madness rocking her pussy on Gina's face. The blisters fattened rapidly, body fat was boiling inside them and then the first popped up spilling sizzling fat all over. Some drops fell but other set on fire seconds later and started to burn on the top of Gina's feet. More and more blisters appeared and popped, the reddening slowly overtook the top of the feet as well while the edges started to turn to charcoal black. The orange lacquer visibly cracked and slowly darkened, Mandy took another bunch of photos as the dancing toes shook the dried polish off piece by piece.

The smell of burnt flesh, an appetizing aroma of roasted meat filled the air around them, Mandy's mouth began to water profusely, in her amok she drooled profusely as the captive tongue massaged her clit while in front of her eyes the most appetizing dish got closer and closer to perfection. The flames were so high at that time their licking fingers kissed Gina's sole and even her toes, Mandy dropped some more woods onto the fire. She knew, and she knew well, that slowly roasted meat can be much more tender and less coaly, but after six years of forced abstinence she didn't care at all. She wanted her dinner soon, she wanted her dinner well done, and in her sexual frenzy she just wanted to enjoy, so small details meant nothing.

The sexy, partially overcooked feet in front of her eyes really looked like a piece of meat left too long in the oven, they were angry red all over with several&nbsp; blackened spots and popped out blisters, thickly covered with its own melted fat, still burning in some places. The orange nail polish almost completely vanished and the nails surface was black from smoke, the baby toes' nails were literally melted. Approximately half an hour of roasting was far enough to completely ruin the luscious peds, turning them into smoking, charred remnants. Mandy licked her lips and grabbed the long-handled fork and chopping knife.

"Time to taste you, cunt! Fucking shit, I was waiting for this soooo long!" Mandy sighed as she stabbed the fork roughly into the top of Gina's left foot, right under the toes. Just a short recognizable jerk arrived from the suffering woman beside the usual shaking. Mandy started to saw the foot's tip with the serrated knife. She had stolen it from a knife shop together with a whole set expensive and razor sharp quality knives, another useful skill she acquired during her prison years. The knife cut through the bones surprisingly easily, there must have remained a couple of still working nerve endings in Gina's foot because the woman began to struggle even harder as the tip of her foot with her five toes was slowly mutilated.&nbsp; While her right foot was still under cooking Mandy finished the cut and placed the grotesque, smoking piece onto her plate on Gina's flat belly. Some blood poured from the stub into the fire but the playfully licking flames soon cauterized the torn arteries. 

Mandy held the mutilated toes under her nose and sucked the smoky aroma in, causing her to cum immediately and squirt onto Gina's face again.
"Shit shit shit! Fucking shit! What a smell, baby! What a fantastic smell, what an inimitable scent! Holy God!" she moaned in utter pleasure. She raised the fork held toe to her watering mouth and her shiny white teeth closed around Gina's scorched baby digit. 'All of the day, all of the night, You do the things, That make me feel so right' Billie Piper's song filled the air as Mandy's teeth closed around the bone inside the toe, and with a yank of her neck she pulled off the meat directly into her mouth. It was smoking hot and was burnt enough to taste like coal, but Mandy's eyes were filled with pleasure. She delightfully chewed on the meat still orgasming, pushing her crotch hard against Gina's suffocating face. 

"Jesus Christ! Heavenly!" she moaned, chewed and swallowed, before spitting something onto the plate; the melted and deformed toenail. With a free hand she grabbed the wine bottle, tore the wine stopper off with her teeth and gulped down two mouthful of the cool liquid to ease the burning inside her mouth.

"Too hot, baby, too hot!" she giggled.

"You must have had a hard time there, these flames are really fucking hot, aren't they?" she laughed and splashed a huge amount of wine onto the smoking half-foot. Unable to wait she immediately attacked the other smaller toes, bit into them, tore pieces from them with her healthy teeth, enjoying the fatty sensation of freshly roasted foot meat in her starving mouth. She smudged her face around her mouth with the smoky fat but did not care, gobbled the tender toe flesh like a pig, pulling the meat off from the bones and tendons, pouring down big gulps of wine every time a hotter piece burnt her mouth. One, two, three - she spat three more mutilated toenails into her plate. The meat from four toes was already gone, only the big toe and a thin part of the feet remained uneaten. She admired the horrific sight and smiled.

"Delicious! So delicious! Gina darling, your toes are so incredibly delicious!" she whispered, even without realizing it she had been orgasming continually since she held the toes under her nose, her hip was rocking rhythmically against Gina's tongue pouring her squirt everywhere. The big toe also could not escape its fate, Mandy's sharp teeth soon bit into its juicy and less burnt flesh, springing the rich juices and still warm fat from the tender tissues, savoring it like she had never eaten before. And that was true, that was the very first time of her life to eat freshly cooked big toe flesh. Meanwhile the meat cooled down enough to grab it with her hands and she tore piece after piece, eating along the big toe then the black charred toe pads on the sole side. She needed only ten minutes to finish with 5 toes and the tip of the left foot, ten minutes of unrestrained gormandize and spine breaking orgasm.

Gina had never stopped jerking under her, her stub and intact right foot was still exposed to the destructive fire and the poor woman's agony was far beyond human limits. Mandy removed the chunky big toenails from her mouth and delightfully sucked every small piece of flesh chunk from it. Her raging pleasure slowly faded, after the first taste of the most craved foot flesh she started to regain her consciousness. She was panting heavily and voluptuously groaning.

"Every second of that damned six years was worth this!" she shouted suddenly and burst into hysterical laughter. 'Dirrty, Filthy, Nasty, Too dirrty to clean my act up, If you ain't dirrty... you ain't here to party!' Christina Aguilera sang from the car and Mandy happily crooned with her.

"Fuck, Gina, my dinner will soon be burnt to coal, it is the right time to finish with the preparations!" she screamed out and grabbed the long iron rod. She placed one end at Gina's piss covered pussy opening and with rude force started to push in, which from her aspect was more like pulling towards herself. The rusty rod slid easily inside the defenseless orifice, and although it got stuck occasionally, Mandy's harsh tugs sent it forward. She forced at least 9, maybe even 12 inches inside, based on her jail acquired fisting experiences it must had been already somewhere in the woman's womb. The other end of the rod was left in the very middle of the roaring fire. With the help of the long fork and her chopping knife, Mandy slowly mutilated the right foot, then took her time to cut as much meaty part of both stubs as she could. She experienced less and less bleeding as the horrible wounds were almost immediately cauterized by the flames. She placed everything onto her plate, smoking, charred pieces of foot flesh. She had just finished with the precious meat collecting when Gina's spasming became harder and harder.

"Iron's thermal conductivity is amazing, isn't it?" she asked sarcastically. A red glow slowly snuck along the rod, and smoke started to rise where it joined with the pink pussy lips. Mandy raised her shapely bottom the first time since the beginning of the inhuman torment, placed the plate away and kneeled next to Gina, facing her from close distance. The poor woman's face was a mask of agony and was covered by her own tears and Mandy's sticky pussy juices, her eyes were crazed and stared onto the sky, she had clearly lost her sanity, and for Mandy's surprise her hair had started slightly changing to white. The protruding tongue was grotesquely fat and unhealthily blue, some of Gina's teeth were scattered even against the wool covered wood. She was breathing heavily, her tightly bound hip stretched against the straps but the warming rod's agony was inevitable.

"Gina Gina Gina... sssshhhhhh... You were a good girl, a very good girl. You are a stupid cunt, but taste so good. I'm sorry you were only a quickie for me, a woman with such sexy feet would have deserved a much, much longer session, but, you know, I have limited time." Mandy whispered and gently caressed Gina's forehead. She did not seem to understand, responding only with the short shrieks that emitted from her throat.

"You will die soon, maybe half an hour left, no more, so don't worry. And during the night some wolves will do the rest of the job, your delicious smell will spread all across the woods. Gina, thank you so much for your feet. You made my day. I love you!" Mandy showed her angelic smile and kissed Gina's wide open eyes. 

It took almost one hour for Gina to go. Meanwhile Mandy was sitting on the Ford's hood eating Gina's feet, the slow fire created ghost fire around Gina's dying body. It was completely dark by that time, and with the exception of the fire and the stars, only the Ford's headlight produced some light. Mandy was devouring every bite with everlasting passion, she was moaned in utter delight and occasionally fingered her pussy, experiencing two more orgasms. Gina's flesh mixed with her own pussy juices made a perfect combination. When the final chunk of flesh was finished, Gina's pitiful moaning was over too, Mandy needed thick gloves to remove the red glowing iron from the roasted cunt. With an axe she separated the limbs from the body, the fresh wounds made it easier for the wild animals to eat, the smell of fresh blood also helped to bait them closer. 

Shortly before midnight she heard the first howls and soon others joint the night choir, Mandy felt satisfied. She collected all her tools and other evidence as security was essential. She undressed the mutilated corpse too and burnt the clothes on the fire. When the fire finally died down, the animals would have the courage the sneak into the camp. She put the big toenails into her wallet, as she had decided to collect some souvenirs from every victim she has as well as the photos that were taken. Finally she jumped into the car and smiled at herself through the mirror. A nice, young angelic girl with lovely face and innocent eyes smiled back to her. She had plans, lots of plans. To travel as far as possible, get rid of the car and go to a big city; a city where she could find job. A job and thousands of hookers. Hookers with pretty feet. Easy prey. She started the engine and drove back the dirt road. 'Dont wanna be like, Every other girl in the world, Like every other one who wants you, Cuz when I see you something inside me burns' Lindsay Lohan was singing and so did Mandy. A brand new life was waiting for her.

THE END?




2011 Mandy










 











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SickoChickMandy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





