BDSM Library -  Miranda's Punishment




 Miranda's Punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Miranda is punished by her father






Miranda Punished
by Napoleon Leopold

"So, you think you're too big to be punished?" He yelled at her as he slapped her across the face twice. Miranda would of fallen backwards if her father hadn't ahold of her by the front of her blouse. Even so, when he slapped her, two of her buttons popped off the front of her blouse.
"I'll show you who's too big for her britches." He continued to yell and grabbing her by her belt undid the buckle and yanked her pants down pulling her cotton panties down with them to her ankles.
Then plunging himself into the wooden chair he yanked her down across his lap and proceeded to spank her ass with his bare hand. 
Strike after strike, he smacked each ass cheek over and over turning them crimson red. 
Miranda kicked, screamed and cried as he yelled at her while beating her. 
"You want to stay out at all hours of the night?"
Smacking her bottom with each spoken word. "You hang out with boys older then you like a harlot. I will teach you!"
Her ass went from sore to burn as it turned fiery red as he beat her over and over.
When he finally stopped, he could feel the heat radiating off of the blistered bottomed. He rubed his hand across both cheeks feeling her red hot firm buns. His hand soon slipped between her splayed legs and he felt the heat and wetness emulating from her pussy. An evil thought crossed his mind and he dumped her off of his lap onto the floor.
Miranda laid there crying as he left the room. 
He returned in a minute with several lengths of rope. He grabbed her by both wrists in one hand and lifted her to her feet. Taking the rope he tied her wrists together. Miranda tried to pull away but was no match for his strength and determination. 
Holding her wrists above her head he grabbed the front of her blouse and tore it from the front of her body with one powerful yank. Miranda screamed at him to stop but he was beyond listening to reason. Slipping his knife from his pocket he made easy work of her bra releasing her growing orbital mounds from their prison. Seeing her tight teenage body exposed only made him more enraged as he took ahold of her and dumped her across the back of the wooden chair. Pulling her wrist forward he tired them off to the front cross bar between the chair legs. 
Miranda was bent double over the chair back with her front side down toward the chair seat and her legs hanging down off the back.
Moving behind her he pulled her sneakers off along with her jeans and panties leaving her completely naked except for her pink socks. Taking the other two pieces of rope he tied off her legs to each chair leg leaving her spread apart with her toes barely touching the floor.
Opening the front of his pants he pulled out his cock. It was large, thick and hard. Moving between her legs his cock in hand he rubbed it up and down on her puss lubricating the bulbous head with the nectar of her juices.
Miranda could feel the head of his cock moving up and down between the other lips of her libia and then felt her inner lips part to allow his cock to slip into her. Her twat opened up as his monstrous cock began to enter her canal stretching her walls to their limits and beyond. She groaned in pain and yet heat and excitement began to build up in her as her body betrayed her true feelings. It was almost animalistic as she felt the need to be taken. To be punished by her father by having him split her open with his monster sized manhood.
Feeling the head of his cock entering into the opening of her canal, he grabbed Miranda by her hips and holding on, with one motion powerfully thrust into her sex, shoving his cock deep within her.
Miranda felt her hyman tear and she screamed in pain. His throbbing member driving deep into her, bumping her cervix as his balls slapped against her pussy. Holding on to her hips, he pulled his cock back until just the bulbous head was still inside of her and then he thrust forward again as powerfully as the first time. Over and over he repeated the process of pulling back and forcefully thrusting forward balls to the walls deeply inside of her showing no mercy as he rutted on her like a wild animal pounding her over and over again. Not thinking he was raping her but rather punishing her with his cock.
Pain and pleasure over took her mind as she felt his strong cock powerfully ramming her cunt. In minutes waves of pleasure wracked her mind and body as she exploded in an over whelming orgasm. Her body shook as her pussy flooded with her own love cum.
Feeling Miranda's pussy walls spasming all around his cock as she came created a sensation in his own balls as they constricted and he blew his own wad of cum, filing her cunt with his hot sticky jism. Load after load of seaman spilled into her a he held his cock buried deep in her pussy. 
Miranda collapsed in her bonds and she felt him withdraw his soften member from her body. Her pussy continued to spasm uncontrolably as cum slowly seeped out of her, dripping onto the floor. Suddenly, she felt him grab ahold of a handful of her hair and lift her head up. Miranda's eyes flew open and her lips parted and her mouth opened to scream, but the scream was muffled when he shoved his semi-hard cock into her mouth.
"Suck." Was all he said.
Miranda did as ordered slurping on his big dick using her tongue to tickle the head as he pumped her face.
Slowly at first he worked his cock back and fourth in her mouth. Soon it began to stiffen, growing harder and thicker and with each forward movement of his hips his cock began to go further into her mouth. 
Miranda tried to back away but to no avail as her bonds held her in place. Her father had now grabbed her hair on both sides of her head with both his hands and held her head still as he pushed his cock deeper into Miranda's mouth forcing it into her throat. Miranda forced herself to control her gag reflex as the bulbous head rammed the back of her throat. In and out he pounded her mouth with his humongous cock. Miranda's jaw beginning to ache from having to hold it open so wide. With the next thrust, when his cock hit the back of her throat, but her dad did not stop. Griping her hair tighter he pushed forward ffg m his hips. Miranda's eyes flew open once again as she felt his cock hit the back of her throat and kept going slipping down into her esophagus cutting off her airway. Miranda's throat constricted around the shaft of his cock as it went as deep as it could and his balls slapped against her chin. Holding it there for several seconds her dad began to slowly pull it back. It left her throat with a popping sound as Miranda gulped for air and spit up saliva from gagging. Before she could catch her breath completely, his cock entered back into her mouth and deep into her throat again. This time, when his balls hit her chin he pumped his cock back and fourth with out leaving her throat. It wasn't until Miranda began to thrash for lack of oxygen and was on the edge of blackness before he pulled out. Gasping for air didn't stop him from shoving his cock back down her throat to the hilt. Miranda choked and gagged, her throat muscles tightening around the shaft of his cock. This did nothing but excite her father even more and after a few pumps of his hips he pulled Miranda's hair tightly towards him. His cock burried deep into her mouth, her noise pressed hard against his belly, his cock erupted a second time in orgasm as this time he spilled his seed down her esophagus and into her stomach.
Emptying the contents of his balls, he pulled his cock out of her mouth. Miranda dropped her head as she choked, gagged, spit-up and gasped for air. He grabbed Mirada by her hair on top of her head and lifted her head up where he took his cock and wiped it all over her face. When finished, he dropped her head, zipped up his pants and walked away leaving Miranda tied over the chair. Used, abused, raped, tired, exhausted and satisfied.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Napoleon Leopold


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





