BDSM Library - Man and Wife




Man and Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A man realizes his wife is submissive and in rushing to take advantage of it finds how dominating he really is.






I didn't notice until on day when I was on the phone with my sister and she reamed me out for telling her what to do, and just because she was a woman didn't mean I could talk to her like. Et cetera. And we got off the phone, her mad, me patronizing her a little to calm her down, and I thought how weird was that. 

I mean it wasn't weird that my sister pitched a feminazi fit. That was totally normal. 

What was weird was that I really had been telling her what to do. Ordering her to do what I said. 

And that's when I figured it out. 

Rachel, my wife, let's me tell her what to do all the time.

I mean, I knew I loved my wife. I knew she was from a strict Christian background. I knew she felt it was important that the man was the head of the household. I knew she was super easy to get along with. 

But I hadn't really noticed she just took direct orders. Or that I was so in the habit of telling her what to do, that I was telling everyone what to do. But that she didn't show any signs of being unhappy. She was always smiling and obedient and sweet. 

Our sex life sucked, but I just slept with whores, figuring she didn't really want to have sex. Every time I fucked her, she just lay there. She didn't seem to mind it exactly. She moaned a little bit, but that was about it. She put on lingere I bought for her, but she just put it on. She didn't walk around being sexy in it. She just put it on and then stood there passively.

"Rache, hey com'ere babe," I called her.

She came.

"Yeah sweetie," she said. She peaked her little blond head around the corner, wearing her little apron with a spatula in her hand, obviously in the middle of cooking.

I wasn't sure what to say.

"What's for dinner?"

"Oh!" she said and smiled ear to ear. "I'm making fetticcine with this wonderful cheese and cream that was on sale. it's with chicken."

And then she looked a little sad.

"I know you don't like chicken, but you said you wanted to watch your weight, but then I guess fetticcine isn't the best choice. Is that okay? Do you mind? I could make something else."

"No that sounds good," I said dismissing her with my hand turning back to the t.v.

She disappeared back into the kitchen. 

I suddenly heard her, as if for the first time in two years. We kind of dated for a year. She liked me and my mom liked her, and my family and Rachel all go to the same church, if you call that dating. She was super hot, though, not a slut a slut of course and really nice, not like one of those snotty church girls who thinks she's better than everyone because she doesn't ever get a good fucking. And plus she obviously liked me like crazy.

 When we were dating I figured I could still be sleeping with other people so I didn't really mind that she was saving herself for when we got married. And my mom was thrilled to pieces, so I was like, whatever.

But this light went on. She was making me chicken because I asked her to.

And she felt bad about it, because she knew I didn't like chicken.

And she was willing to start all over just to make me happy.

She was like totally my bitch, like in the sense that I could just tell her what to do and she'd do it. And I didn't even really have to even pay attention. 

I mean I knew she was a doormat, but now, now the question was how far could I push this? Like, would she give me a blow job? 

'Cause seriously, she just seemed so sweet, and she never seemed like she wanted to give me a blow job or anything, but she likes making me food, and doing my laundry and stuff, and getting stuff at the store for me. Maybe she'd like giving me a blowjob if she knew I wanted one.

It was a revelation. I mean, I knew they said in those stupid chick magazines, if you want something from your partner you she just say so, but fuck, the women in those magazine were all sluts and whores. (Not that I'd fuckin' read a chick magazine, but my sister and my mom read that shit and when I was fifteen and saw there were articles about better sex I fuckin' wanted to know about sex you know what I mean?)

So we were eating dinner and she's like:

"Is it okay?"

"Yeah it's real good," I said stuffing my face. It was great as usual, but I didn't like to get all mushy about it. My dad always said if you're too nice to women they just start looking else where. They like the challenge. If you're all mushy and nice to 'em and tell 'em how great they are, they'll just try and please someone else so they'll have something to do.

I looked at her and she had a little smile on her face, and she was kind of bouncin' her head around like she was doing a little dance or something.

"What? What's your problem?" I wondered at her outloud.

She smiled broadly, her sweet little smile. "I'm just glad you like dinner that's all."

"Oh, okay," I said, approvingly.

We ate our dinner in silence.

I had been planning on going out to the bar, but now I was really curious if she would really give me a blow job. 

I finished my meal, but she was still eating.

"Are you almost done?" I asked.

"Why? You want to do something?" she asked.

"Yeah I guess," I told her.

"Now? Or should I clean up first."

"Now I guess."

She put down her fork and took her napkin out of her lap. She pushed her chair out to get ready to leave, but she just put her hands in her lap and looked at me.

"Let's go to our room," I said.

She got up and walked toward our room.

This was looking so easy.

I closed the door behind her. 

I felt like a thousand more times excited then when I was with a hooker. I kind of felt like I was going to be like raping her or something. I knew she'd never sucked a cock before. She'd never even seen a cock before mine. I was pretty sure she wasn't lying because she was a virgin when I fucked her on our wedding night, but also because she didn't know my cock was big. She just acted like it was totally normal. I know there are other guys with big dicks, but a white guy with a nine and a half inch dick, well I mean I just know I'm well-endowed you know?

So anyway she just stood there in the middle of the room looking at me.

"Do you want me to put on my special night gown?" she asked.

"Naw, that's okay," I walked over and sat on the bed.

She started going toward the bed.

"No, just kneel over here," I told her.

And she did. No questions. She just knelt in front of me.

I unbuckled my pants and pulled out my cock. I was pretty hard, but not quite all the way. It takes a little time to get a dick like mine all the way hard. I heard about a guy with a fifteen inch dick who could never get all the way hard.

She looked down at the floor. Her hands in front of her. She looked like she was about to say her prayers for bed.

"Put it in your mouth," I told her.

She leaned forward with her eyes gently closed and put her lips on the end of my dick and kind of opening her mouth like a goldfish or something. 

And then I was just like overwhelmed. I just had to fuck her face and I just grabbed her head and started fucking her mouth.

But she was all limp and wasn't sucking.

"Suck it!" I kind of yelled at her 'cause I was so excited.

She started trying to suck it and it was fucking awesome. 

She was trying to suck like a fucking vaccum cleaner. There was like a full-on pop when I pulled back too far and all the way out. 

"Watch the teeth, no teeth," I said with my hands on the side of her head bobbing her up and down on me.

She put her hands up on my thighs to brace herself and take the fucking.

I just got wild and was fucking the shit out of her cute little face, but then I felt her teeth again.

So I pulled out and with one hand I pulled her hair, and with the other I slapped her across the face.

I 'd never hit her before, but I was just so fucking hot, like I just totally felt like I was raping a bitch. It felt so good. I'd always wanted to take one of those little church bitches out in the alley and make 'em bleed, but I knew I'd go to jail for fuckin' ever, so I didn't. I just thought about it when I was with the bar sluts.

But I just couldn't help it, but before I hit her I kind of was suprised so I held back a little bit.

She let out a little whimper and then she said:

"I'm sorry Terry. I'm sorry.&nbsp; I won't do it again. I'll be more careful," she begged.

"Okay. Fuckin' do it right," I told her. 

And now that we'd had a little break I was a little less crazy and I was able to go slower. I sat more or less still.

She started sucking on her own. She slid up and down the first four inches or so of my cock, and I could feel the back of her mouth, she was going as far as she could before she slid away again.

"Yeah, that's better," I told her watching her work.

Her eyebrows were all pulled together like she was worried or concentrating really hard. Her face looked flushed and pink. I was on another planet. This was the most incredible blowjob I'd ever seen, ever felt. It wasn't like she was skilled, but it was like the spirit of the thing, you know?
 
It was like using this girl, 'cause she's like nineteen and I'm like almost thirty, so she's totally like just a girl, even though she's my wife. And then she's never sucked a cock, so that seems even more like a girl. I mean I've had a sixteen year old suck my cock before, but she was a fucking slut you know? She'd probably already put like ten other fucking cocks in her mouth before me.

But this was like my wife's little vigin mouth I was raping. It was just so unbelievable fucking hot. I felt like the luckiest god-damned guy on earth.

"Look at me," I told her.

She looked up at me. Her eyes looked like saucers. They were huge and wide open and staring at me all scared looking. 

I grabbed her head again. 

She squeezed her eyes shut because she was scared.

"I told you to look at me. You best listen," I warned and acted like I was going to hit her again.

She looked back up. 

I guided her head up and down me again. 

I couldn't help myself and I pushed my cock back into her head. 

She gagged. She blinked and her eyes squeezed shut and popped back open. She was trying to look at me, but it was hard when I was choking her on my cock. 

I wanted to cum so bad, but I was trying not to. I just wanted to keep fucking her in the face forever.

But I just couldn't stop and I started gagging her on my cock and pumping away, she was crying with her eyes wide open looking at me and I just kept yanking on her little head until my cock totally exploded in her mouth. 

She held on tight like it was the ride of her life. She kept looking at me all scared and shit. She didn't want to disobey her husband. Fuckin' awesome.

I groaned just a bit as I pulled out. I played with my dick and watched her spit the cum up into her little white hands.

"Eat that shit. You're not suppose to let my seed hit the ground right? That's like in Leviticus right? You gotta eat that," I told her.

I saw her shake a little, like she was trying not to cry and she started trying to suck it out of her palms. Her face was all sweaty and her hair wasn't all perfect like normal.

I got up and zipped up my pants and went out the kitchen to have beer. 

I heard her crying, so I just turned on the t.v. and flipped through the channels.

After about an hour I heard her come out. 

She came up to me all sweet, just like normal.

"I'm sorry Terry."

"What?" I said keeping my eyes on the set. I didn't want to give her the satisfaction.

"I'm sorry about my teeth. I didn't know. I'm sorry. Was that okay? Did I do okay?" she said all worried.

"Yeah. It was alright," I told her. 

I waited until she fell asleep and I called a sex line and jacked off again before I went to bed.

I started fucking her, or having her blow me every day, but then one day she objected. And I was like what the fuck. And she explained it was her period and I wasn't supposed to touch her. It was in the Bible.

And I thought about hitting her, but I didn't really want to. I really liked slapping her when I was fucking her, but not really any other time. Cause she's really a pretty good wife and everything.

So instead I went out to the bar to go find some bitch to fuck. 

I ran into Stacy, who was kind of a stuck-up bitch and said annoying shit, but she loved fucking me because when she was drunk couldn't resist my cock. So I asked her if she wanted to come back to my house and get a piece.

"Um, aren't you married Terry?" she said all snotty.

"My wife's not some stuck up bitch like you. I can fuck who I want. I'm the man of the house," I explained to the dumb bitch.

She looked at me like I was fucking stupid or something. "Are you serious? You take the bar girls back to your house and fuck them and your wife knows and she doesn't mind?"

"I haven't, but I can if I want. It's my fucking house." 

"You're wasted. You probably can't even get it up your so wasted."

"Go ahead. Check and see," I offered and looked at my crotch.

She put her hand over my cock and gave it a light squeeze.

"Alright, sure. But you're not going to fuck her right? You're kind of a one-hit wonder," she smiled and winked.

"Naw, she's on the rag," I told her.

"Okay, but I'll drive myself over. I still think you must be totally wasted," she paused. "Your wife doesn't have a gun does she?"

"No. She wouldn't even know how to find the trigger."

"Oh that's why you sleep around," whatever the fuck that was suppposed to mean.

So we drove back to my house and I walked up to the door and left it open.

Rachel came up to me and asked me if I needed anything before she went to bed. She always waited up for me.

"Naw. I just brought a friend home," I told her.

I saw her peak around me at Stacy.

"Rachel, this is Stacy. Stacy this is my wife Rachel."

Stacy reached out and shook Rachel's hand. Rachel looked a little weird, like she wasn't smiling, she just looked kind of like she was going to have to clean a men's bathroom in a bar or something. Something weird.

Stacy laughed. "Oh this isn't at all awkward is it Terry?"

Rachel suddenly went back to normal. It was really weird. But I guess women are just weird when they're on the rag.

"Can I offer you anything Stacy?" she said politely.

"You have beer?" Stacy asked like the bar slut she is.

"Of course. Terry would you like one?"

"Yeah," I grabbed Stacy's arm and started walking her to the living room.

"We can fuck in your house, but we have to fuck in the living room? Don't you have a guest room or something?"

"Whatever," I let go of her arm and Rachel handed us our beers as we walked to the guest room. 

It was like a fuckin' doll house or something in there. I didn't care how Rachel decorated cause what the hell I never go in there, but it smelled like a grandma or something. 

Stacy walked up and pulled all the covers off the bed and then she tried looked around me.

"Is she gonna watch too or what?"

I turned around and I saw Rachel standing in the door way. She just stood there looking at me.

"What are you staring at?" I asked her. "Go to bed, or clean, or whatever it is you do."

She bowed her head and left, but she didn't close the door and I figured what the fuck, maybe she wanted to hear. She was prbobably getting pretty used to getting fucked every night and she probably missed it. 

Stacy got up on the bed and started stripping slowly for me, with her beer in one hand. She had this slutty, sexy hair that I just loved, and she was wearing all this make-up, and squirming around like she wanted it.

I pulled down my pants and my shoes came off with them. I walked over to the bed ready to dip it in something new. Usually I was fucking a different bitch every week, but I'd been fucking Rachel every day. It was nice to have something different.

Stacy put down her beer and crawled across the bed to lick the end of my cock.

"You're an asshole Terry, but I fucking love this cock," she said looking up at me, smiling, stroking me with one hand and licking me, slithering around like a stripper. 

She was talking shit like she always does, but whatever she's the one sucking my cock. I wouldn't put my mouth on her twat or anything so she can say what she wants. 

But then she was like.

"What the fuck? What's the deal with her? Is your wife retarded or what?"

"No. She's fucking smarter than you," that just fucking pissed me off. Where does a whore get off calling my nice wife retarded?

"Com'ere," I said to Rachel. She walked up to my side.

"Sit over there and just watch. You're freaking Stacy out standing in the door."

"I don't think that's an improvement," Stacy said.

"Do you want to fuck or what?" I asked Stacy.

She rolled her eyes. "Okay whatever you kinky fuckers."

She went back to talking about my cock, which I thought was good for Rachel to hear, so she'd know that not every guy's got such a big cock. 

Stacy laid back on the bed and held her big tits together with one hand and slid them along my cock and then she licked and sucked on my balls and touched her cunt with her other hand. She started moaning and shit. 

I loved watching her like that, with no fucking head or anything, just her body squirming around getting ready to get on me and fuck herself on my cock.

I looked over at Rachel. 

She looked kind of sad and was watching Stacy writhing around.

"Are you bored or somethin'?"

Stacy said muffled "What?"

She emmerged from under me. 

"What the fuck Terry?"

"What she's my wife. I can't fucking ask my wife if she's okay?"

"Okay, okay. You want me to talk to her or something?" She stood on her knees on the bed and looked at Rachel and then said kind of loud, like she still thought she was probably retarded "Do You Want Me To Talk To You Or Something?"

Rachel looked at the floor.

"Why don't you just take off your clothes and come up here and help?"

Rachel turned red.

"Leviticus," I told the ignorant whore.

"Oh my God. You guys are fucking Christians?!? Are you serious?!?" 

"Whatever your a fucking non-believing going to hell slut."

Stacy smiled. "Damn straight."

"Well can you like at least get naked Honey? 'Cause that would improve the mood tremendously."

"Yeah Rach. Take off your clothes. You can leave your panties on, just take off your clothes," I told her.

She looked mortified, but she immediately started doing as she was told. 

She undressed really slowly, which was kind of fucking annoying 'cause I wanted to fuck Stacy, but Stacy was watching and smiling. She started masturbating and watching her.

"Com'ere," Stacy said and bent over. She usually didn't want it doggy style cause she said I was too big for that. I was pretty stoked. "Let me do the work big guy. I don't want you to cum in the next twenty seconds or anything."

She took my cock in her hand and started rubbing her wet pussy up and down on me.

"Oh Rachel, you're so cute. What cute litte tits you've got, hmm. I'd like to eat them up," Stacy started saying.

"Tell her how wet I am Terry."

"Oh she's super fucking wet," I kinda moaned.

"Are you wet Rachel?" Stacy asked. I could see she was playing with her tit while she was rubbing my cock up and down her gash.

She didn't answer. She just looked sad and freaked out.

"She doesn't get wet," I said. "She's not a dirty bitch like you."

I tried to slip in her hole. She liked it when I called her a dirty bitch and a slut and stuff. Which was cool by me, 'cause it was fucking true.

"She'd get all wet if I licked her little pussy," Rachel's face went weird. I couldn't tell but I thought maybe Stacy put her fingers up to her lips and pretended to be licking a pussy. "You like that Rachel? Hmmm, yeah, you want me to lick your pussy."

Rachel shook her head no. She looked so uncomfortable. I'd never seen her like that. It was kind of awesome. She was squirming in the chair and even her little titties looked like they were blushing. 

"Oh that's too bad. I'd love to make you cum. Have you cum before little girl?" Stacy put the tip of me in her cunt and started pulling just the tip in and out. 

I wanted to fuck her so bad. This was like the best time I'd ever had with Stacy. It was just so hot watching my wife squirm and look all innocent and cute, and seeing Stacy fuck with her. It was just so awesome, but Stacy hated it when I just fucked her how I wanted, and the couple times I had she refused to fuck me for six months. She said I might have a big big cock but I didn't know how to use it. So I just let her do the work, even though I just really wanted to stick my cock in her ass hole and just rip her open and fuck her like crazy.

I wanted to tell Stacy "Of course she's never cum before. She's a Christian," but I was just too excited to keep up with the conversation.

Rachel spoke real quiet like: "I don't know." 

Stacy laughed and took more of me inside her, she was totally getting off on my wife. It was so hot.

"You don't know? Honey if you don't know you haven't cum. I promise. Hmm, I'd love to make you cum. I'd love to hear you screaming," and then Stacy started moaning a little bit, as she look a little more and a little more, she bent over all the way. "Oh yeah, oh yeah Terry, oh you feel that? Oh, hmm, hmmm."

I looked down into Stacy's big round beautiful ass. I put my hands on her hips and started pumping a little bit.

"Ah ah ah," Stacy said pulling off of me. "You know the rules. If your in charge I'm not interested. You'll just cum right away."

I stopped pulling but left my hands there. 

I looked up and Rachel and she was looking at us like she was watching something confusing on t.v.

"Look at me," I told her.

She looked up at me with those big sad eyes. 

"Com'on Stacy fuck me already," I said looking into Rachel's eyes. It felt so fucked up, but it was so fucking hot. 

She took me back in as far as where she'd left off like five inches or something, but it was killing me. Rachel was like so tight and hard to fuck, her pussy kind of pulled on me and hurt a little bit, so I couldn't really get in there. It was only when I was with the bitches from the bar that I got to plunge all the way in. I even knew this girl Rianna that could deep throat me all the way. I had to pay for that though.

Any way, so I really wanted to fuck Stacy, but Stacy was like obsessed with Rachel.

"Oh baby girl. You probably don't like this cock like I like this cock. See I get all soaking wet when I get excited, my pussy gets all warm and wet. Is your pussy getting warm and wet yet?"

Rachel blushed. "I don't know."

"Does it feel warm," Stacy said in her sexy voice.

"A little."

"Don't try to turn my wife whore," I warned. 

"Okay. But it's so fun. She blushing and so cute."

"Just fucking fuck me damnit," I told her.

She stopped talking and just started pushing back on me, taking me further in. She started picking up speed, but not taking me all the way in yet. She stopped and so I knew she'd want to change positions.

She pushed me on my back and she faced Rachel, working herself up and down on my cock. 

I loved watching her huge tits bouncing when she was on top. She leaned forward and leaned back, but she was staring at Rachel the whole time.

"Your wife is so pretty. Hmm. She looks so delicious. I want to eat her up," she whinned and took me in more. I could feel myself hitting the bottom of her pussy. I wished she had a deeper pussy like that black girl Tasha from the bar. I loved fucking her. She was so nasty. Black girls are so nasty. 

I was thinking about black girls and how much they loved getting tapped out and kind of ignoring Stacy, because she just never shut up.

"Oh Rachel. Some day I'm gonna lick those little tits and I'm gonna make you cum. I bet I could make your little pussy squirt. All girls are sluts Rachel. You might be a good girl but deep down you want to know what it's like to cum. Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah Rachel, watch me cum, oh yeah, I'm gonna fuckin' cum!!" 

Stacy was pounding me against her, it almost hurt it was so deep. I think it was the first time Stacy ever let me fuck her so deep like that. And knowing my wife was sitting there watching, being so good. I was just thinking I can fuck anyone I want any time. I can get fucked by any slut I want. And I was in such totally ecstasy. It was like the best high ever. I was so fucking stoked. It was better than the time I had two whores. Way better, because I couldn't fuck them both at once, but they both wanted it and it was stupid. But this was awesome. Stacy was getting off on my cock and my wife was watching.

I grunted like this huge "Yeah!" and Stacy was like almost screaming "Fuck yes, yes yes! YES!"

I came inside her.

"Where's the bathroom?" 

And Rachel pointed out into the hall.

Stacy ran out into the hall to go pee my cum out so she wouldn't get pregant. I didn't think that worked, but it seemed like Stacy wasn't pregnant, so whatever, not my problem.

I lay there staring at the celing. 

I heard Rachel make a weird noise and I looked up.

She was crying.
 
She looked up at me and saw me looking at her and she started sobbing.

"I'm sorry I'm not like her!" she cried, sounding kind of like hopeless or something.

Stacy came back in for her clothes.

"Whoa, okay. I'm so outta here. Have a nice night," she kinda jumped into her clothes as she stumbled out the door. I heard her leave and pull out of the driveway.

"I'm a bad wife. I'm sorry I don't get wet or cum or anything. I'm sorry. I just don't know what to do."

She was totally freaking me out. I was so fucking happy a second before and now she was fucking it up.

"No your cool Rachel. You're great. I don't want you to be a whore. That lady's a whore, fuck that," I tried to comfort her.

"You like it though! And I'm not sexy like her. I'm just boring," she sobbed uncontrollably.

"No, no you're awesome. Haven't I been fucking you every day? Don't be sad. That lady's a slut. You're not a slut. You're a good wife."

"Really?" she said looking up at me. She stopped crying more or less, and was just sniffing now.

"Yeah, of course," I felt like I really fucked up. Like she might want some other guy if I told her something nice like that, but she was crying and I didn't know how to make her fucking stop.

"Okay. Promise?" she seemed to be doing a lot better.

"I just didn't want to make God mad you know, 'cause I'm not supposed to touch you when your bleeding and stuff, so it was just so I didn't have to spill my seed. I have to cum ever day otherwise I'll get really fucked up and I'll have to get surgery." 

She was pretty much reassured now. Her eyes were just kind of red. "Really?"

"Yeah, all guys have to every day," I told her. I figured that way she would understand why I had to fuck Stacy so bad. 

"Okay. I'm sorry. I want to be the perfect wife for you," she said.

"Whatever. I'm going to take a shower," and I went to get ready for bed.

I brought home different girls for the rest of the week, 'cause I didn't want Stacy to make her cry again. And I told Rachel to watch through the slats in the closet, so the sluts wouldn't talk to her again. I just thought that was too weird. But it was cool knowing she was watching. And I told her I'd asks questions so she had to watch. But I didn't really know what to ask, but she always does what I tell her.

When her period was over and I took her to the bed room to fuck her like regular, she got up on the bed on all fours and was trying to act all sexy.

"Com'ere" I barked at her. 

She got off the bed and looked scared. 

I sat down on the bed.

"Over here. Now," I told her.

She walked up to me naked and worried.

"Get yer ass over here," and I pointed at my lap again. 

She kneeled in front of me, like she was going to give me a blow job.

"Don't be a slut. Over my knee, now."

She finally fucking understood and lay across my lap ass up. 

I hauled off and spanked her hard. My hand burned right away, but I wanted to teach her a lesson so I just kept smaking her ass as hard as I could.

"You don't ever fucking act like a slut. No wife of mine is going to be a god damned slut. You want to be a slut I'll fucking sell your ass to some guys to fuck. Is that what you want? Is that what you want? You want to be a Godless whore?"

"NO!" she squeeled. Her legs moved back and forth like she was trying to escape, her head tossed back and forth like she wanted to get away, but she stayed on my lap.

"You don't want to be a whore?" I kept spanking her. I wanted to make sure she understood.

"No Terry! No I don't want to be a whore! Please, no!"

"Then don't act like a whore," I told her giving her a few more spanks before I stopped. 

"Go get me a beer."

While she was gone I started wanking it like crazy, both hands going. That got me so hot. Man, it was just so hot, listening to her scream and hitting her. I couldn't believe it. 

When she came back she looked really disappointed. 

"Com'ere," she bent between my knees and opened her mouth to suck me, but I just jacked off in her face. "If you ever become a whore I'll never fuck you again. I'll fuck a real whore. You'd be a stupid whore. You're too good to be a whore. You'd never be a good whore."

Oh my God. I loved talking to her all mean. I loved how sad she looked and how much she wanted me to say something nice. 

I jizzed all over her face. It looked so nasty. I wish I had a picture, it was so awesome.

"Go ahead. Eat it. Be good," I told her and I played with myself while she ate my load off her face. It was so fucking hot. Oh my god.

I tried laying her on her stomache so I could fuck her really hard, but it was like something was missing, cause she wasn't wet. I kind of wished she would get wet so I could really get in there, but she kind of made funny noises like it hurt and it was kind of hard to get in there.

The next night I had her wrap her legs around me. 

And I kind of took a little more time, so I could really get it in there, but then I still got impatient and started fucking her. And then I could feel I was already at the bottom, which totally sucked cause I wanted to get in there, so I just started pounding her as hard as I could. 

"Fucking take it. Take it all inside you," I ordered her.

She whinned and started to cry. 

I could feel myself pounding against whatever it is that's in the end of a girl's pussy. 

"Does that hurt?" I was really wondering.

She nodded and I watched the tears running down her face and I started fucking her as hard as I could pushing as hard as I could.

She whinned louder.

"Scream, yeah, go ahead scream, cry," I told her.

And it was like a fucking flood gate she started crying and screaming and moaning, and it was like so much more amazing than a slut having an orgasm. It was like she was having an orgasm, except it was hurting her. 

"Does that hurt?" I just wanted to hear her say it now.

"YES! YES it hurts!" she said.

"That's good," I said slamming into her. My cock bent, but I didn't care. I loved hurting her with my cock so much I didn't even give a shit that it kind of hurt me too. It was so awesome. "That's good. That means your not a slut. I don't want a slut for a wife. It should hurt when you get fucked. You're a good girl Rachel."

But then it suddenly became easier. 

"Thank you Terry!" she screamed and cried. "I wanna be a good girl! I wanna be a good girl!"

And then I realized she was wet.

"You fucking whore," and I slapped her in the face. The hardest I ever slapped her was that night. I mean I'd slap a dude way harder, it wasn't the hardest I've ever hit anyone, but it was hard. She ended up with just a little bruise on her face the next day. But she was okay.

But I started fucking her as hard as I could. I held her down by her arms and they bruised too, but she just bruises really easy, so whatever. 

She started crying really hard.

"You like that you fucking whore? You like that?" I asked her.

"No!" she lied to me.

"You fucking liar, you're totally wet, you want to get fucked," she felt more open than she'd ever felt before. I wanted her to have a tight pussy, because a good wife shouldn't have a big old slutty pussy you know?

"Look at me when I fuck you," I told her.

She looked at me her eyes all wet. I'd never seen her so terrified. It was so fucking hot even though I was worried I'd ruined her, made her a horny slut or something, but she still seemed pretty freaked out. And I was pretty freaked out too, because it really seemed like her pussy just got really huge or something. But at least she looked like she wasn't some slut who was getting off on it.

I wanted to cum inside her, but I didn't want her to get pregnant. I don't really care about Stacy, she can take care of herself, but if Rachel got pregnant I'd have to take care of her and some kid. I don't really care about kids. They're kinda stupid anyway.

So I pulled out and came on her stomache. 

I rolled off of her and she started eating the cum without me even asking, which was pretty awesome, but she was also like still crying, which was cool too. It was weird, like she was a slut, but she didn't want to be a slut, but she wanted what I wanted. It was just like all these layers of stuff.

I don't ever touch a woman's cunt cause it's totally nasty, but I was just really weirded out that it was so big in there and that she felt wet, because she'd never felt wet before.

So I put a couple fingers in her hole. 

"You're totally fucking wet. I didn't think you were like that," I said just like normally.

"I didn't mean to. I didn't mean it. I'm sorry. I'm trying. I really am. It was when you called me a good girl. I'm sorry. But I'm not. I was just so happy, but that's pride. I didn't mean to sin like that. I'm sorry," she was babbling.

I put three fingers in and they went all the way in, so then out of curiousity I tried to put four in, but I had to kind of make my hand all weird to get 'em in there.

"Ow. That hurts."

"That's good, that means your not a slut. It should hurt. Because of Eve and stuff," I promised.

I twisted my hand around a lot, 'cause a friend told me once if you wanted to watch your girlfriend walk funny you should twist your hand around in there and it makes 'em sore inside. Which I thought was pretty funny, but I never wanted to touch a girl there. 

And then I thought maybe I'd try to fist her. I'd seen it in pornos and I figured that looked like it'd really fucking hurt. And then she wouldn't want to fuck any more. 

So I pushed, but it kind of felt like bone.

"OW!" she said. 

"Shut up," I tried to calm her down.

I kept pushing and twisting and eventually I got my whole hand in there.

"NO! Oh my god! Please Terry! No!"

I started moving my hand around, but there wasn't a lot of room, but it seemed to hurt anyway, so I didn't worry about it too much.

"Fuck my fist Rachel. Fuck it like those whores do. You wanna be a whore, come on show me how a whore likes to get fucked," I told her and kind of rocked my fist around in her.

"No! I don't want to be a whore. I want to be good! I'm sorry, please, it hurts, please Terry."

"I'll stop after you fuck it. I want you to feel what it's like to be a slut so maybe you won't do it again. I'm trying to teach you a fucking lesson. Do it, fuck it like a whore."

She moved up and down kind of lamely, not moving very much.

"Fuck my fist Rachel or I swear to God I'll start punching you from the inside. Don't make me fucking hurt you." 

She tried harder. It was still pretty lame, but I could see she was trying. 

I tried to get a better angle so I could see her face.

"You like that? You like being a whore?"

"No it hurts. It's terrible. I love you, please. I'm so sorry. I don't want to be bad. I want to be good. I'm sorry," she said grinding away slowly at my fist. 

I couldn't help it. I just wanted to hurt her so bad. Not really because I cared about whether she was good, but because I liked her begging me to stop, and saying please, and crying and saying it hurt. It was like a science project where you like pull off frog legs or something, but like the frog is alive. It was so cool.

So I started twisting around in there, cause I figured if it hurt to have fingers twisted around a fist would hurt for sure.

She totally started screaming. I kind of wanted to tell her to shut up, but I didn't really want her to stop screaming, so I just kept twisting around in there and she hooted and hollared like I was ripping her guts out or something. I'd never seen anyone scream like that before. I wondered if that's what it's like when women have babies.

And then I was kind of bored so I tried to pull my fist out, but it was kind of stuck behind that bony part of her. So I just kept yanking, and she screamed even more, but it only took a few hard pulls and then I was out. 

She curled up in a ball on the bed and held on to her crotch. 

"I'm sorry. I'll be good," she cried.

I pet her head with my non-disgusting hand a little bit 'cause she did seem like really upset.

"I'll be good." 

"I know. I know you'll be good. You're really good most of the time," I said waiting for her to turn over to get her to lick my hand clean. That seemed almost as cool as her eating my jizz. Kind of better even, like it's even more gross or something. 

"But don't get wet and be all slutty okay?"

"Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't try. Honest I wasn't trying to," she said.

I don't know how she could say that, but it didn't seem like she was lying, but I was kinda thinking, come on, like how else do you get all wet and huge if you're not like being slutty and loving getting fucked you know? That just don't make sense.

I put my hand to her face.

"Lick that stuff off," I told her.

She looked totally disgusted. Not like she looks happy to eat my cum, but almost kind of. Like calm at least, but this totally grossed her out. It smelled nasty.

"Pussy juice smells bad. That's why you shouldn't get all horny cause then you'll smell like this. That's why you have to eat it, so you'll learn your lesson."

"Okay Terry. Thanks. I want to be good," she said and she grimaced while she licked my hand clean. It was pretty cute watching her lick my hand really. 

For the next few days she could barely walk around. I really liked watching it, but I was a little worried her pussy would get all stretched out, so I didn't really want to do that again.

When her next period came I had Stacy over again, but she was like obsessed with seeing Rachel, so I told Rachel to come out of the closet.

"You keep her in the closet?"

"Yeah, so she's not distracting or anything."

I had to go to the bathroom, but then I heard Rachel screaming like crazy. And I was like what the fuck and when I came back Stacy had Rachel backed up against the wall and had one hand on her pussy and one on her tit and was&nbsp; saying shit to her. 

"You fucking lesbo, get the fuck off her," I pulled Stacy by the hair off of Rachel. 

I threw her against the bed face down and pushed on her head. 

She tried hitting me and kicking me. 

"You fucking keep fighting and I'll just hold you here until you suffocate," I told her.

She kept fighting for a long time, but finally she chilled out, but then I was kind of worried she was dead, but I let up her head and she took a deep breath. She started breathing really fast, but she didn't talk thank god.That bitch talked way too fucking much.

My dick was rock hard now after holding her down like that. I really liked watching her squirm. She thinks she's some bad ass biker bitch or something with her stupid tatoos, but men are stronger. They just are.

So I took out my dick and started trying to put it in her ass.

"Please no Terry, please. Fucking stop it," she finally said.

"Fuck you. Shut the fuck up," I kept pushing at her ass, but it was like trying to fuck Rachel it was all tight and dry. I hocked a big fucking loogy and spit it down there. It was kinda nasty to put my dick in that, but I figured I was gonna make her lick me clean anyway. So I hocked a couple more big nasty ones so I could get it in there.

She kept screaming "No,Terry, leave me the fuck alone. Let me go," and she struggled a little, but not like before.

I finally started working it in that crazy tight little hole and she started crying. I didn't think Stacy could cry, but whatever, she was probably faking it. She probably gets fucked in the as like every day.

I pushed and pushed and got a couple inches in and when I backed out I realized she was bleeding a little bit, but then it got like really easy, because her hole was all wet, and I thought it was pretty cool that my cock could rip someone open and make them bleed. It was like my cock was a knife or something and I was fucking her with a knife. It was like the most bad ass thing my cock has ever done.

And I was thinking that and really loving it, and it was even better, cause I could really pretend I was fucking her with a knife cause she was crying and screaming like I was fucking her with a knife. But I came really quick, which kinda sucked, cause it was so unbelievably hot. It was like the best fuck ever.

"Suck it," I told her and squeezed myself trying to hold it back so I could cum in her mouth. 

She turned around and her make up was all fucked up and nasty and she was like saying really fast "Okayokayokay," and she put her mouth on it and I let the rest of my jizz go in her mouth.

"Swallow it."

I watched her throat swallow it. And then she looked up at me totally scared like she was waiting for me to let her go. It was so cool. She was so scared and you could tell she'd do anything I told her to do cause she didn't know what I'd do to her. It was kinda like fucking Rachel, but this ho really deserved it, so it was cool. I wouldn't want to make Rachel bleed cause she's really sweet and stuff, but Stacy's a fucking hussy, so who the fuck cares.

I watched her sucking her blood and shit and my cum off my dick for a while, and then it was like the coolest thing I started getting hard again. 

She looked up at me realizing that I was getting hard again and you could tell she was gonna cry cause she didn't want me to fuck her again.

"Don't look at me like that bitch. You know you want it. You love my cock. Every time you see me your begging for my cock. Don't act like your some nice lady. You're a piece of shit. You suck like a fucking pro you fucking whore," I said just barely starting to pump in her mouth. I was kinda sore and wanted it to last, plus sometimes it acts like it's going to go for round two and then gives up, so I wanted to give it time.

"You going to try and come up in here and touch my woman? She's a good wife. She doesn't take it in the ass like a fucking homo. She's a fucking Christian. She doesn't fuck lesbians you whore."

Stacy got off my cock and smiled, and it looked all demonic and fucked up with her make up and blood on her face and she said "She got all wet when I touched her."

Then I hit her fucking hard and she hit the floor. She put her hands over her head to protect herself.

"You're a fucking lying sack of shit!" I yelled super loud at her.

"Smell my fingers. Tell me if they smell like pussy," she said while she defended herself, she lifted her right hand in the air. The one I saw in my wife's cunt. 

They totally smelled like pussy. 

I looked at Rachel.

She cowered from me. 

"You a fuckin' lesbo?" I asked her.

"No! No. I didn't mean to get wet. I'm sorry. I guess I'm bad. I thought I was good, but now I'm getting wet, but I don't want to. I'm not trying to get wet honest."

"Whatever. We'll talk about this later," I said.

I wasn't as hard.

"Finish cleaning your shit off my cock and maybe I won't beat the living shit out of you," I told Stacy.

She got up and started sucking me again. Her cheek was swelling up from where I hit her already. She held on tight to my thighs. I could tell it really hurt to suck on me, but she was trying to get it over with. 

And then I got hard again thinking about how bad I was hurting her face with my cock. It was like my cock was this weapon or something. It was like terminator or something. I grabbed her hair and rammed my cock into her throat and started pumping. It was a weird ride with my hard-on not quite the same as a fresh one, but I really wanted to add a face full of cum to her ugly fucking face, so I just kept fucking her head like a fucking melon. 

I started swearing at her, 'cause sometimes that helps me get off, and some sluts really like it. "You fucking cunt. If you ever touch my wife again I'll kill you with this cock you love so much. I'll fuck you until you fucking die from it. You hear me you retarded bitch? No body attacks my wife. I don't care if you're a woman I'll fuck you up. I hate pieces of shit bitches like you, think you're so fucking smart. Who's smart now huh? Who's smart? You sack of cum. That's all you're good for is filling with cum. You're gonna be a fat whore pretty soon from eating so much cum you nasty bitch. Your probably just crying cause you want a cock this big in every whole. That's your problem you just want more cock than you can handle, that's why you can't handle a good fucking you piece of shit."

And it was like I just kept thinking of nasty things to say and if felt so good and tears were running down her face and drool was spitting out the side of her mouth and her nose was snotting and she kept gagging. She was so incredibly nasty, but I like it anyway. Like that's what her soul really looked like. Like I was just fucking her soul out of her head. It was so amazing.

When I finally came I was just thrusting into her throat "Choke on that cock bitch. Choke."

And she did kind of seem like she was choking.

It was pretty fucked up and I wasn't really as into it now that I came.

Now I had like a dead whore in my house.

I really did kill her with my cock.

But then I checked and I realized she was still breathing and stuff.

And then Rachel said the trippiest fuckin' thing I've ever fucking heard.

"We're allowed to have slaves. The bible says so."

If you want to know more about what this strange couple does with their slave, let me know. I'm sure I've got a sequel in me.














I didn't notice until one day when I was on the phone with my sister and she reamed me out for telling her what to do, and just because she was a woman didn't mean I could talk to her like that. Blah, blah, blah.

We got off the phone, her mad, me patronizing her a little to calm her down, and I thought how weird was that?

I mean it wasn't weird that my sister pitched a feminazi fit. That was totally normal. 

What was weird was that I really had been telling her what to do. Ordering her to do what I said. 

And that's when I figured it out. 

Rachel, my wife, let's me tell her what to do all the time.

I mean, I knew I loved my wife. I knew she was from a strict Christian background. I knew she felt it was important that the man was the head of the household. I knew she was super easy to get along with. 

But I hadn't really noticed she just took direct orders. Or that I was so in the habit of telling her what to do, that I was telling everyone what to do. But that she didn't show any signs of being unhappy. She was always smiling and obedient and sweet. 

Our sex life sucked, but I just slept with whores, figuring she didn't really want to have sex. Every time I fucked her, she just lay there. She didn't seem to mind it exactly. She moaned a little bit, but that was about it. She put on lingerie I bought for her, but she just put it on. She didn't walk around being sexy in it. She just put it on and then stood there passively.

"Rache, hey com'ere babe," I called her.

She came.

"Yeah sweetie," she said. She peaked her little blond head around the corner, wearing her little apron with a spatula in her hand, obviously in the middle of cooking.

I wasn't sure what to say.

"What's for dinner?"

"Oh!" she said and smiled ear to ear. "I'm making fettuccine with this wonderful cheese and cream that was on sale. It's with chicken."

And then she looked a little sad.

"I know you don't like chicken, but you said you wanted to watch your weight, but then I guess fettuccine isn't the best choice. Is that okay? Do you mind? I could make something else."

"No that sounds good," I said dismissing her with my hand turning back to the t.v.

She disappeared back into the kitchen. 

I suddenly heard her, as if for the first time in two years. We kind of dated for a year. She liked me and my mom liked her, and my family and Rachel all go to the same church, if you call that dating. She was super hot, though, not a slut, of course, and really nice, not like one of those snotty church girls who thinks she's better than everyone because she doesn't ever get a good fucking. And plus she obviously liked me like crazy.

When we were dating I figured I could still be sleeping with other people so I didn't really mind that she was saving herself for when we got married. And my mom was thrilled to pieces, so I was like, whatever.

But this light went on. She was making me chicken because I asked her to.

And she felt bad about it, because she knew I didn't like chicken.

And she was willing to start all over just to make me happy.

She was like totally my bitch, like in the sense that I could just tell her what to do and she'd do it. And I didn't even really have to even pay attention. 

I mean I knew she was a doormat, but now, now the question was how far could I push this? Like, would she give me a blow job? 

'Cause seriously, she just seemed so sweet, and she never seemed like she wanted to give me a blow job or anything, but she likes making me food, and doing my laundry and stuff, and getting stuff at the store for me. Maybe she'd like giving me a blow job if she knew I wanted one.

It was a revelation. I mean, I knew they said in those stupid chick magazines, if you want something from your partner you should just say so, but fuck, the women in those magazines were all sluts and whores. (Not that I'd fuckin' read a chick magazine, but my sister and my mom read that shit and when I was fifteen and saw there were articles about better sex I fuckin' wanted to know about sex you know what I mean?)

So we were eating dinner and she's like:

"Is it okay?"

"Yeah it's real good," I said stuffing my face. It was great as usual, but I didn't like to get all mushy about it. My dad always said if you're too nice to women they just start looking else where. They like the challenge. If you're all mushy and nice to 'em and tell 'em how great they are, they'll just try and please someone else so they'll have something to do.

I looked at her and she had a little smile on her face, and she was kind of bouncin' her head around like she was doing a little dance or something.

"What? What's your problem?" I wondered at her out loud.

She smiled broadly, her sweet little smile. "I'm just glad you like dinner that's all."

"Oh, okay," I said, approvingly.

We ate our dinner in silence.

I had been planning on going out to the bar, but now I was really curious if she would really give me a blow job. 

I finished my meal, but she was still eating.

"Are you almost done?" I asked.

"Why? You want to do something?" she asked.

"Yeah I guess," I told her.

"Now? Or should I clean up first."

"Now I guess."

She put down her fork and took her napkin out of her lap. She pushed her chair out to get ready to leave, but she just put her hands in her lap and looked at me.

"Let's go to our room," I said.

She got up and walked toward our room.

This was looking so easy.

I closed the door behind her. 

I felt like a thousand more times excited than when I was with a hooker. I kind of felt like I was going to be like raping her or something. I knew she'd never sucked a cock before. She'd never even seen a cock before mine. I was pretty sure she wasn't lying because she was a virgin when I fucked her on our wedding night, but also because she didn't know my cock was big. She just acted like it was totally normal. I know there are other guys with big dicks, but a white guy with a nine and a half inch dick, well, I mean, I just know I'm well-endowed, you know?

So anyway she just stood there in the middle of the room looking at me.

"Do you want me to put on my special night gown?" she asked.

"Naw, that's okay," I walked over and sat on the bed.

She started going toward the bed.

"No, just kneel over here," I told her.

And she did. No questions. She just knelt in front of me.

I unbuckled my pants and pulled out my cock. I was pretty hard, but not quite all the way. It takes a little time to get a dick like mine all the way hard. I heard about a guy with a fifteen inch dick who could never get all the way hard.

She looked down at the floor. Her hands in front of her. She looked like she was about to say her prayers for bed.

"Put it in your mouth," I told her.

She leaned forward with her eyes gently closed and put her lips on the end of my dick and kind of opening her mouth like a goldfish or something. 

And then I was just like overwhelmed. I just had to fuck her face and I just grabbed her head and started fucking her mouth.

But she was all limp and wasn't sucking.

"Suck it!" I kind of yelled at her 'cause I was so excited.

She started trying to suck it and it was fucking awesome. 

She was trying to suck like a fucking vacuum cleaner. There was like a full-on pop when I pulled back too far and all the way out. 

"Watch the teeth, no teeth," I said with my hands on the side of her head bobbing her up and down on me.

She put her hands up on my thighs to brace herself and take the fucking.

I just got wild and was fucking the shit out of her cute little face, but then I felt her teeth again.

So I pulled out and with one hand I pulled her hair, and with the other I slapped her across the face.

I'd never hit her before, but I was just so fucking hot, like I just totally felt like I was raping a bitch. It felt so good. I'd always wanted to take one of those little church bitches out in the alley and make 'em bleed, but I knew I'd go to jail for fuckin' ever, so I didn't. I just thought about it when I was with the bar sluts.

But I just couldn't help it, but before I hit her I was kind of surprised so I held back a little bit.

She let out a little whimper and then she said:

"I'm sorry Terry. I'm sorry.&nbsp; I won't do it again. I'll be more careful," she begged.

"Okay. Fuckin' do it right," I told her. 

And now that we'd had a little break I was a little less crazy and I was able to go slower. I sat more or less still.

She started sucking on her own. She slid up and down the first four inches or so of my cock, and I could feel the back of her mouth, she was going as far as she could before she slid away again.

"Yeah, that's better," I told her watching her work.

Her eyebrows were all pulled together like she was worried or concentrating really hard. Her face looked flushed and pink. I was on another planet. This was the most incredible blow job I'd ever seen, ever felt. It wasn't like she was skilled, but it was like the spirit of the thing, you know?
 
It was like using this girl, 'cause she's like twenty-two and I'm like almost thirty, so she's totally like just a girl, even though she's my wife. And then she's never sucked a cock, so that seems even more like a girl. I mean I've had a sixteen year old suck my cock before, but she was a fucking slut you know? She'd probably already put like ten other fucking cocks in her mouth before me.

But this was like my wife's little virgin mouth I was raping. It was just so unbelievable fucking hot. I felt like the luckiest god-damned guy on earth.

"Look at me," I told her.

She looked up at me. Her eyes looked like saucers. They were huge and wide open and staring at me all scared looking. 

I grabbed her head again. 

She squeezed her eyes shut because she was scared.

"I told you to look at me. You best listen," I warned and acted like I was going to hit her again.

She looked back up. 

I guided her head up and down me again. 

I couldn't help myself and I pushed my cock back into her head. 

She gagged. She blinked and her eyes squeezed shut and popped back open. She was trying to look at me, but it was hard when I was choking her on my cock. 

I wanted to cum so bad, but I was trying not to. I just wanted to keep fucking her in the face forever.

But I just couldn't stop and I started gagging her on my cock and pumping away, she was crying with her eyes wide open looking at me and I just kept yanking on her little head until my cock totally exploded in her mouth. 

She held on tight like it was the ride of her life. She kept looking at me all scared and shit. She didn't want to disobey her husband. Fuckin' awesome.

I groaned just a bit as I pulled out. I played with my dick and watched her spit the cum up into her little white hands.

"Eat that shit. You're not suppose to let my seed hit the ground right? That's like in Leviticus right? You gotta eat that," I told her.

I saw her shake a little, like she was trying not to cry and she started trying to suck it out of her palms. Her face was all sweaty and her hair wasn't all perfect like normal.

I got up and zipped up my pants and went out the kitchen to have beer. 

I heard her crying, so I just turned on the t.v. and flipped through the channels.

After about an hour I heard her come out. 

She came up to me all sweet, just like normal.

"I'm sorry Terry."

"What?" I said keeping my eyes on the set. I didn't want to give her the satisfaction.

"I'm sorry about my teeth. I didn't know. I'm sorry. Was that okay? Did I do okay?" she said all worried.

"Yeah. It was alright," I told her. 

I waited until she fell asleep and I called a sex line and jacked off again before I went to bed.

I started fucking her, or having her blow me every day, but then one day she objected. And I was like what the fuck. And she explained it was her period and I wasn't supposed to touch her. It was in the Bible.

And I thought about hitting her, but I didn't really want to. I really liked slapping her when I was fucking her, but not really any other time. Cause she's really a pretty good wife and everything.

So instead I went out to the bar to go find some bitch to fuck. 

I ran into Stacy, who was kind of a stuck-up bitch and said annoying shit, but she loved fucking me because when she was drunk couldn't resist my cock. So I asked her if she wanted to come back to my house and get a piece.

"Um, aren't you married Terry?" she said all snotty.

"My wife's not some stuck up bitch like you. I can fuck who I want. I'm the man of the house," I explained to the dumb bitch.

She looked at me like I was fucking stupid or something. "Are you serious? You take the bar girls back to your house and fuck them and your wife knows and she doesn't mind?"

"I haven't, but I can if I want. It's my fucking house." 

"You're wasted. You probably can't even get it up your so wasted."

"Go ahead. Check and see," I offered and looked at my crotch.

She put her hand over my cock and gave it a light squeeze.

"Alright, sure. But you're not going to fuck her right? You're kind of a one-hit wonder," she smiled and winked.

"Naw, she's on the rag," I told her.

"Okay, but I'll drive myself over. I still think you must be wasted," she paused. "Your wife doesn't have a gun does she?"

"No. She wouldn't even know how to find the trigger."

"Oh that's why you sleep around," whatever the fuck that was supposed to mean.

So we drove back to my house and I walked up to the door and left it open.

Rachel came up to me and asked me if I needed anything before she went to bed. She always waited up for me.

"Naw. I just brought a friend home," I told her.

I saw her peak around me at Stacy.

"Rachel, this is Stacy. Stacy this is my wife Rachel."

Stacy reached out and shook Rachel's hand. Rachel looked a little weird, like she wasn't smiling, she just looked kind of like she was going to have to clean a men's bathroom in a bar or something. Something weird.

Stacy laughed. "Oh this isn't at all awkward is it Terry?"

Rachel suddenly went back to normal. It was really weird. But I guess women are just weird when they're on the rag.

"Can I offer you anything Stacy?" she said politely.

"You have beer?" Stacy asked like the bar slut she is.

"Of course. Terry would you like one?"

"Yeah," I grabbed Stacy's arm and started walking her to the living room.

"We can fuck in your house, but we have to fuck in the living room? Don't you have a guest room or something?"

"Whatever," I let go of her arm and Rachel handed us our beers as we walked to the guest room. 

It was like a fuckin' doll house or something in there. I didn't care how Rachel decorated cause what the hell I never go in there, but it smelled like a grandma or something. 

Stacy walked up and pulled all the covers off the bed and then she tried looking around me.

"Is she gonna watch too or what?"

I turned around and I saw Rachel standing in the door way. She just stood there looking at me.

"What are you staring at?" I asked her. "Go to bed, or clean, or whatever it is you do."

She bowed her head and left, but she didn't close the door and I figured what the fuck, maybe she wanted to hear. She was probably getting pretty used to getting fucked every night and she probably missed it. 

Stacy got up on the bed and started stripping slowly for me, with her beer in one hand. She had this slutty, sexy hair that I just loved, and she was wearing all this make-up, and squirming around like she wanted it.

I pulled down my pants and my shoes came off with them. I walked over to the bed ready to dip it in something new. Usually I was fucking a different bitch every week, but I'd been fucking Rachel every day. It was nice to have something different.

Stacy put down her beer and crawled across the bed to lick the end of my cock.

"You're an asshole Terry, but I fucking love this cock," she said looking up at me, smiling, stroking me with one hand and licking me, slithering around like a stripper. 

She was talking shit like she always does, but whatever she's the one sucking my cock. I wouldn't put my mouth on her twat or anything so she can say what she wants. 

But then she was like.

"What the fuck? What's the deal with her? Is your wife retarded or what?"

"No. She's fucking smarter than you," that just fucking pissed me off. Where does a whore get off calling my nice wife retarded?

"Com'ere," I said to Rachel. She walked up to my side.

"Sit over there and just watch. You're freaking Stacy out standing in the door."

"I don't think that's an improvement," Stacy said.

"Do you want to fuck or what?" I asked Stacy.

She rolled her eyes. "Okay whatever you kinky fuckers."

She went back to talking about my cock, which I thought was good for Rachel to hear, so she'd know that not every guy's got such a big cock. 

Stacy laid back on the bed and held her big tits together with one hand and slid them along my cock and then she licked and sucked on my balls and touched her cunt with her other hand. She started moaning and shit. 

I loved watching her like that, with no fucking head or anything, just her body squirming around getting ready to get on me and fuck herself on my cock.

I looked over at Rachel. 

She looked kind of sad and was watching Stacy writhing around.

"Are you bored or somethin'?"

Stacy said muffled "What?"

She emerged from under me. 

"What the fuck Terry?"

"What she's my wife. I can't fucking ask my wife if she's okay?"

"Okay, okay. You want me to talk to her or something?" She stood on her knees on the bed and looked at Rachel and then said kind of loud, like she still thought she was probably retarded "Do You Want Me To Talk To You Or Something?"

Rachel looked at the floor.

"Why don't you just take off your clothes and come up here and help?"

Rachel turned red.

"Leviticus," I told the ignorant whore.

"Oh my God. You guys are fucking Christians?!? Are you serious?!?" 

"Whatever you're a fucking non-believing going to hell slut."

Stacy smiled. "Damn straight."

"Well can you like at least get naked Honey? 'Cause that would improve the mood tremendously."

"Yeah Rach. Take off your clothes. You can leave your panties on, just take off your clothes," I told her.

She looked mortified, but she immediately started doing as she was told. 

She undressed really slowly, which was kind of fucking annoying 'cause I wanted to fuck Stacy, but Stacy was watching and smiling. She started masturbating and watching her.

"Com'ere," Stacy said and bent over. She usually didn't want it doggy style cause she said I was too big for that. I was pretty stoked. "Let me do the work big guy. I don't want you to cum in the next twenty seconds or anything."

She took my cock in her hand and started rubbing her wet pussy up and down on me.

"Oh Rachel, you're so cute. What cute litte tits you've got, hmm. I'd like to eat them up," Stacy started saying.

"Tell her how wet I am Terry."

"Oh she's super fucking wet," I kinda moaned.

"Are you wet Rachel?" Stacy asked. I could see she was playing with her tit while she was rubbing my cock up and down her gash.

She didn't answer. She just looked sad and freaked out.

"She doesn't get wet," I said. "She's not a dirty bitch like you."

I tried to slip in her hole. She liked it when I called her a dirty bitch and a slut and stuff. Which was cool by me, 'cause it was fucking true.

"She'd get all wet if I licked her little pussy," Rachel's face went weird. I couldn't tell but I thought maybe Stacy put her fingers up to her lips and pretended to be licking a pussy. "You like that Rachel? Hmmm, yeah, you want me to lick your pussy."

Rachel shook her head no. She looked so uncomfortable. I'd never seen her like that. It was kind of awesome. She was squirming in the chair and even her little titties looked like they were blushing. 

"Oh that's too bad. I'd love to make you cum. Have you cum before little girl?" Stacy put the tip of me in her cunt and started pulling just the tip in and out. 

I wanted to fuck her so bad. This was like the best time I'd ever had with Stacy. It was just so hot watching my wife squirm and look all innocent and cute, and seeing Stacy fuck with her. It was just so awesome, but Stacy hated it when I just fucked her how I wanted, and the couple times I had she refused to fuck me for six months. She said I might have a big cock but I didn't know how to use it. So I just let her do the work, even though I just really wanted to stick my cock in her ass hole and just rip her open and fuck her like crazy.

I wanted to tell Stacy "Of course she's never cum before. She's a Christian," but I was just too excited to keep up with the conversation.

Rachel spoke real quiet like: "I don't know." 

Stacy laughed and took more of me inside her, she was totally getting off on my wife. It was so hot.

"You don't know? Honey if you don't know you haven't cum. I promise. Hmm, I'd love to make you cum. I'd love to hear you screaming," and then Stacy started moaning a little bit, as she look a little more and a little more, she bent over all the way. "Oh yeah, oh yeah Terry, oh you feel that? Oh, hmm, hmmm."

I looked down into Stacy's big round beautiful ass. I put my hands on her hips and started pumping a little bit.

"Ah ah ah," Stacy said pulling off of me. "You know the rules. If your in charge I'm not interested. You'll just cum right away."

I stopped pulling but left my hands there. 

I looked up and Rachel and she was looking at us like she was watching something confusing on t.v.

"Look at me," I told her.

She looked up at me with those big sad eyes. 

"Com'on Stacy fuck me already," I said looking into Rachel's eyes. It felt so fucked up, but it was so fucking hot. 

She took me back in as far as where she'd left off like five inches or something, but it was killing me. Rachel was like so tight. Her pussy kind of pulled on me and hurt a little bit, so I couldn't really get in there. It was only when I was with the bitches from the bar that I got to plunge all the way in. I even knew this girl Rianna that could deep throat me all the way. I had to pay for that though.

Any way, so I really wanted to fuck Stacy, but Stacy was like obsessed with Rachel.

"Oh baby girl. You probably don't like this cock like I like this cock. See I get all soaking wet when I get excited, my pussy gets all warm and wet. Is your pussy getting warm and wet yet?"

Rachel blushed. "I don't know."

"Does it feel warm," Stacy said in her sexy voice.

"A little."

"Don't try to turn my wife whore," I warned. 

"Okay. But it's so fun. She blushing and so cute."

"Just fucking fuck me damnit," I told her.

She stopped talking and just started pushing back on me, taking me further in. She started picking up speed, but not taking me all the way in yet. She stopped and so I knew she'd want to change positions.

She pushed me on my back and she faced Rachel, working herself up and down on my cock. 

I loved watching her huge tits bouncing when she was on top. She leaned forward and leaned back, but she was staring at Rachel the whole time.

"Your wife is so pretty. Hmm. She looks so delicious. I want to eat her up," she whined and took me in more. I could feel myself hitting the bottom of her pussy. I wished she had a deeper pussy like that black girl Tasha from the bar. I loved fucking her. She was so nasty. Black girls are so nasty. 

I was thinking about black girls and how much they loved getting tapped out and kind of ignoring Stacy, because she just never shut up.

"Oh Rachel. Some day I'm gonna lick those little tits and I'm gonna make you cum. I bet I could make your little pussy squirt. All girls are sluts Rachel. You might be a good girl but deep down you want to know what it's like to cum. Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah Rachel, watch me cum, oh yeah, I'm gonna fuckin' cum!!" 

Stacy was pounding me against her, it almost hurt it was so deep. I think it was the first time Stacy ever let me fuck her so deep like that. And knowing my wife was sitting there watching, being so good. I was just thinking I can fuck anyone I want any time. I can get fucked by any slut I want. And I was in such totally ecstasy. It was like the best high ever. I was so fucking stoked. It was better than the time I had two whores. Way better, because I couldn't fuck them both at once, but they both wanted it and it was stupid. But this was awesome. Stacy was getting off on my cock and my wife was watching.

I grunted like this huge "Yeah!" and Stacy was like almost screaming "Fuck yes, yes yes! YES!"

I came inside her.

"Where's the bathroom?" 

And Rachel pointed out into the hall.

Stacy ran out into the hall to go pee my cum out so she wouldn't get pregnant. I didn't think that worked, but it seemed like Stacy wasn't pregnant, so whatever, not my problem.

I lay there staring at the ceiling. 

I heard Rachel make a weird noise and I looked up.

She was crying.
 
She looked up at me and saw me looking at her and she started sobbing.

"I'm sorry I'm not like her!" she cried, sounding kind of like hopeless or something.

Stacy came back in for her clothes.

"Whoa, okay. I'm so outta here. Have a nice night," she kinda jumped into her clothes as she stumbled out the door. I heard her leave and pull out of the driveway.

"I'm a bad wife. I'm sorry I don't get wet or cum or anything. I'm sorry. I just don't know what to do."

She was totally freaking me out. I was so fucking happy a second before and now she was fucking it up.

"No your cool Rachel. You're great. I don't want you to be a whore. That lady's a whore, fuck that," I tried to comfort her.

"You like it though! And I'm not sexy like her. I'm just boring," she sobbed uncontrollably.

"No, no you're awesome. Haven't I been fucking you every day? Don't be sad. That lady's a slut. You're not a slut. You're a good wife."

"Really?" she said looking up at me. She stopped crying more or less, and was just sniffing now.

"Yeah, of course," I felt like I really fucked up. Like she might want some other guy if I told her something nice like that, but she was crying and I didn't know how to make her fucking stop.

"Okay. Promise?" she seemed to be doing a lot better.

"I just didn't want to make God mad you know, 'cause I'm not supposed to touch you when your bleeding and stuff, so it was just so I didn't have to spill my seed. I have to cum ever day otherwise I'll get really fucked up and I'll have to get surgery." 

She was pretty much reassured now. Her eyes were just kind of red. "Really?"

"Yeah, all guys have to every day," I told her. I figured that way she would understand why I had to fuck Stacy so bad. 

"Okay. I'm sorry. I want to be the perfect wife for you," she said.

"Whatever. I'm going to take a shower," and I went to get ready for bed.

I brought home different girls for the rest of the week, 'cause I didn't want Stacy to make her cry again. And I told Rachel to watch through the slats in the closet, so the sluts wouldn't talk to her again. I just thought that was too weird. But it was cool knowing she was watching. And I told her I'd asks questions so she had to watch. But I didn't really know what to ask, but she always does what I tell her.

When her period was over and I took her to the bed room to fuck her like regular, she got up on the bed on all fours and was trying to act all sexy.

"Com'ere" I barked at her. 

She got off the bed and looked scared. 

I sat down on the bed.

"Over here. Now," I told her.

She walked up to me naked and worried.

"Get yer ass over here," and I pointed at my lap again. 

She kneeled in front of me, like she was going to give me a blow job.

"Don't be a slut. Over my knee, now."

She finally fucking understood and lay across my lap ass up. 

I hauled off and spanked her hard. My hand burned right away, but I wanted to teach her a lesson so I just kept smacking her ass as hard as I could.

"You don't ever fucking act like a slut. No wife of mine is going to be a god damned slut. You want to be a slut I'll fucking sell your ass to some guys to fuck. Is that what you want? Is that what you want? You want to be a Godless whore?"

"NO!" she squealed. Her legs moved back and forth like she was trying to escape, her head tossed back and forth like she wanted to get away, but she stayed on my lap.

"You don't want to be a whore?" I kept spanking her. I wanted to make sure she understood.

"No Terry! No I don't want to be a whore! Please, no!"

"Then don't act like a whore," I told her giving her a few more spanks before I stopped. 

"Go get me a beer."

While she was gone I started wanking it like crazy, both hands going. That got me so hot. Man, it was just so hot, listening to her scream and hitting her. I couldn't believe it. 

When she came back she looked really disappointed. 

"Com'ere," she bent between my knees and opened her mouth to suck me, but I just jacked off in her face. "If you ever become a whore I'll never fuck you again. I'll fuck a real whore. You'd be a stupid whore. You're too good to be a whore. You'd never be a good whore."

Oh my God. I loved talking to her all mean. I loved how sad she looked and how much she wanted me to say something nice. 

I jizzed all over her face. It looked so nasty. I wish I had a picture, it was so awesome.

"Go ahead. Eat it. Be good," I told her and I played with myself while she ate my load off her face. It was so fucking hot. Oh my god.

I tried laying her on her stomach so I could fuck her really hard, but it was like something was missing, cause she wasn't wet. I kind of wished she would get wet so I could really get in there, but she kind of made funny noises like it hurt and it was kind of hard to get in there.

The next night I had her wrap her legs around me. 

And I kind of took a little more time, so I could really get it in there, but then I still got impatient and started fucking her. And then I could feel I was already at the bottom, which totally sucked cause I wanted to get in there, so I just started pounding her as hard as I could. 

"Fucking take it. Take it all inside you," I ordered her.

She whined and started to cry. 

I could feel myself pounding against whatever it is that's in the end of a girl's pussy. 

"Does that hurt?" I was really wondering.

She nodded and I watched the tears running down her face and I started fucking her as hard as I could pushing as hard as I could.

She whined louder.

"Scream, yeah, go ahead scream, cry," I told her.

And it was like a fucking flood gate she started crying and screaming and moaning, and it was like so much more amazing than a slut having an orgasm. It was like she was having an orgasm, except it was hurting her. 

"Does that hurt?" I just wanted to hear her say it now.

"YES! YES it hurts!" she said.

"That's good," I said slamming into her. My cock bent, but I didn't care. I loved hurting her with my cock so much I didn't even give a shit that it kind of hurt me too. It was so awesome. "That's good. That means your not a slut. I don't want a slut for a wife. It should hurt when you get fucked. You're a good girl Rachel."

But then it suddenly became easier. 

"Thank you Terry!" she screamed and cried. "I wanna be a good girl! I wanna be a good girl!"

And then I realized she was wet.

"You fucking whore," and I slapped her in the face. The hardest I ever slapped her was that night. I mean I'd slap a dude way harder, it wasn't the hardest I've ever hit anyone, but it was hard. She ended up with just a little bruise on her face the next day. But she was okay.

But I started fucking her as hard as I could. I held her down by her arms and they bruised too, but she just bruises really easy, so whatever. 

She started crying really hard.

"You like that you fucking whore? You like that?" I asked her.

"No!" she lied to me.

"You fucking liar, you're totally wet, you want to get fucked," she felt more open than she'd ever felt before. I wanted her to have a tight pussy, because a good wife shouldn't have a big old slutty pussy you know?

"Look at me when I fuck you," I told her.

She looked at me her eyes all wet. I'd never seen her so terrified. It was so fucking hot even though I was worried I'd ruined her, made her a horny slut or something, but she still seemed pretty freaked out. And I was pretty freaked out too, because it really seemed like her pussy just got really huge or something. But at least she looked like she wasn't some slut who was getting off on it.

I wanted to cum inside her, but I didn't want her to get pregnant. I don't really care about Stacy, she can take care of herself, but if Rachel got pregnant I'd have to take care of her and some kid. I don't really care about kids. They're kinda stupid anyway.

So I pulled out and came on her stomach. 

I rolled off of her and she started eating the cum without me even asking, which was pretty awesome, but she was also like still crying, which was cool too. It was weird, like she was a slut, but she didn't want to be a slut, but she wanted what I wanted. It was just like all these layers of stuff.

I don't ever touch a woman's cunt cause it's totally nasty, but I was just really weirded out that it was so big in there and that she felt wet, because she'd never felt wet before.

So I put a couple fingers in her hole. 

"You're totally fucking wet. I didn't think you were like that," I said just like normally.

"I didn't mean to. I didn't mean it. I'm sorry. I'm trying. I really am. It was when you called me a good girl. I'm sorry. But I'm not. I was just so happy, but that's pride. I didn't mean to sin like that. I'm sorry," she started babbling.

I put three fingers in and they went all the way in, so then out of curiosity I tried to put four in, but I had to kind of make my hand all weird to get 'em in there.

"Ow. That hurts."

"That's good, that means your not a slut. It should hurt. Because of Eve and stuff," I promised.

I twisted my hand around a lot, 'cause a friend told me once if you wanted to watch your girlfriend walk funny you should twist your hand around in there and it makes 'em sore inside. Which I thought was pretty funny, but I never wanted to touch a girl there. 

And then I thought maybe I'd try to fist her. I'd seen it in pornos and I figured that looked like it'd really fucking hurt. And then she wouldn't want to fuck any more. 

So I pushed, but it kind of felt like bone.

"OW!" she said. 

"Shut up," I tried to calm her down.

I kept pushing and twisting and eventually I got my whole hand in there.

"NO! Oh my god! Please Terry! No!"

I started moving my hand around, but there wasn't a lot of room, but it seemed to hurt anyway, so I didn't worry about it too much.

"Fuck my fist Rachel. Fuck it like those whores do. You wanna be a whore, come on show me how a whore likes to get fucked," I told her and kind of rocked my fist around in her.

"No! I don't want to be a whore. I want to be good! I'm sorry, please, it hurts, please Terry."

"I'll stop after you fuck it. I want you to feel what it's like to be a slut so maybe you won't do it again. I'm trying to teach you a fucking lesson. Do it, fuck it like a whore."

She moved up and down kind of lamely, not moving very much.

"Fuck my fist Rachel or I swear to God I'll start punching you from the inside. Don't make me fucking hurt you." 

She tried harder. It was still pretty lame, but I could see she was trying. 

I tried to get a better angle so I could see her face.

"You like that? You like being a whore?"

"No it hurts. It's terrible. I love you, please. I'm so sorry. I don't want to be bad. I want to be good. I'm sorry," she said grinding away slowly at my fist. 

I couldn't help it. I just wanted to hurt her so bad. Not really because I cared about whether she was good, but because I liked her begging me to stop, and saying please, and crying and saying it hurt. It was like a science project where you like pull off frog legs or something, but like the frog is alive. It was so cool.

So I started twisting around in there, cause I figured if it hurt to have fingers twisted around a fist would hurt for sure.

She totally started screaming. I kind of wanted to tell her to shut up, but I didn't really want her to stop screaming, so I just kept twisting around in there and she hooted and hollered like I was ripping her guts out or something. I'd never seen anyone scream like that before. I wondered if that's what it's like when women have babies.

And then I was kind of bored so I tried to pull my fist out, but it was kind of stuck behind that bony part of her. So I just kept yanking, and she screamed even more, but it only took a few hard pulls and then I was out. 

She curled up in a ball on the bed and held on to her crotch. 

"I'm sorry. I'll be good," she cried.

I pet her head with my non-disgusting hand a little bit 'cause she did seem like really upset.

"I'll be good." 

"I know. I know you'll be good. You're really good most of the time," I said waiting for her to turn over to get her to lick my hand clean. That seemed almost as cool as her eating my jizz. Kind of better even, like it's even more gross or something. 

"But don't get wet and be all slutty okay?"

"Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't try. Honest I wasn't trying to," she said.

I don't know how she could say that, but it didn't seem like she was lying, but I was kinda thinking, come on, like how else do you get all wet and huge if you're not like being slutty and loving getting fucked you know? That just don't make sense.

I put my hand to her face.

"Lick that stuff off," I told her.

She looked totally disgusted. Not like she looks happy to eat my cum, but almost kind of. Like calm at least, but this totally grossed her out. It smelled nasty.

"Pussy juice smells bad. That's why you shouldn't get all horny cause then you'll smell like this. That's why you have to eat it, so you'll learn your lesson."

"Okay Terry. Thanks. I want to be good," she said and she grimaced while she licked my hand clean. It was pretty cute watching her lick my hand really. 

For the next few days she could barely walk around. I really liked watching it, but I was a little worried her pussy would get all stretched out, so I didn't really want to do that again.

When her next period came I had Stacy over again, but she was like obsessed with seeing Rachel, so I told Rachel to come out of the closet.

"You keep her in the closet?"

"Yeah, so she's not distracting or anything."

I had to go to the bathroom, but then I heard Rachel screaming like crazy. And I was like what the fuck and when I came back Stacy had Rachel backed up against the wall and had one hand on her pussy and one on her tit and was&nbsp; saying shit to her. 

"You fucking lesbo, get the fuck off her," I pulled Stacy by the hair off of Rachel. 

I threw her against the bed face down and pushed on her head. 

She tried hitting me and kicking me. 

"You fucking keep fighting and I'll just hold you here until you suffocate," I told her.

She kept fighting for a long time, but finally she chilled out, but then I was kind of worried she was dead, but I let up her head and she took a deep breath. She started breathing really fast, but she didn't talk thank god. That bitch talked way too fucking much.

My dick was rock hard now after holding her down like that. I really liked watching her squirm. She thinks she's some bad ass biker bitch or something with her stupid tattoos, but men are stronger. They just are.

So I took out my dick and started trying to put it in her ass.

"Please no Terry, please. Fucking stop it," she finally said.

"Fuck you. Shut the fuck up," I kept pushing at her ass, but it was like trying to fuck Rachel it was all tight and dry. I hocked a big fucking loogy and spit it down there. It was kinda nasty to put my dick in that, but I figured I was gonna make her lick me clean anyway. So I hocked a couple more big nasty ones so I could get it in there.

She kept screaming "No,Terry, leave me the fuck alone. Let me go," and she struggled a little, but not like before.

I finally started working it in that crazy tight little hole and she started crying. I didn't think Stacy could cry, but whatever, she was probably faking it. She probably gets fucked in the ass like every day.

I pushed and pushed and got a couple inches in and when I backed out I realized she was bleeding a little bit, but then it got like really easy, because her hole was all wet, and I thought it was pretty cool that my cock could rip someone open and make them bleed. It was like my cock was a knife or something and I was fucking her with a knife. It was like the most bad ass thing my cock has ever done.

And I was thinking that and really loving it, and it was even better, cause I could really pretend I was fucking her with a knife cause she was crying and screaming like I was fucking her with a knife. But I came really quick, which kinda sucked, 'cause it was so unbelievably hot. It was like the best fuck ever.

"Suck it," I told her and squeezed myself trying to hold it back so I could cum in her mouth. 

She turned around and her make up was all fucked up and nasty and she was like saying really fast "Okayokayokay," and she put her mouth on it and I let the rest of my jizz go in her mouth.

"Swallow it."

I watched her throat swallow it. And then she looked up at me totally scared like she was waiting for me to let her go. It was so cool. She was so scared and you could tell she'd do anything I told her to do cause she didn't know what I'd do to her. It was kinda like fucking Rachel, but this ho really deserved it, so it was cool. I wouldn't want to make Rachel bleed cause she's really sweet and stuff, but Stacy's a fucking hussy, so who the fuck cares.

I watched her sucking her blood and shit and my cum off my dick for a while, and then it was like the coolest thing I started getting hard again. 

She looked up at me realizing that I was getting hard again and you could tell she was gonna cry cause she didn't want me to fuck her again.

"Don't look at me like that bitch. You know you want it. You love my cock. Every time you see me you're begging for my cock. Don't act like your some nice lady. You're a piece of shit. You suck like a fucking pro, you fucking whore," I said just barely starting to pump in her mouth. I was kinda sore and wanted it to last, plus sometimes it acts like it's going to go for round two and then gives up, so I wanted to give it time.

"You going to try and come up in here and touch my woman? She's a good wife. She doesn't take it in the ass like a fucking homo. She's a fucking Christian. She doesn't fuck lesbians you whore."

Stacy got off my cock and smiled, and it looked all demonic and fucked up with her make up and blood on her face and she said "She got all wet when I touched her."

Then I hit her fucking hard and she hit the floor. She put her hands over her head to protect herself.

"You're a fucking lying sack of shit!" I yelled super loud at her.

"Smell my fingers. Tell me if they smell like pussy," she said while she defended herself, she lifted her right hand in the air. The one I saw in my wife's cunt. 

They totally smelled like pussy. 

I looked at Rachel.

She cowered from me. 

"You a fuckin' lesbo?" I asked her.

"No! No. I didn't mean to get wet. I'm sorry. I guess I'm bad. I thought I was good, but now I'm getting wet, but I don't want to. I'm not trying to get wet honest."

"Whatever. We'll talk about this later," I said.

I wasn't as hard.

"Finish cleaning your shit off my cock and maybe I won't beat the living shit out of you," I told Stacy.

She got up and started sucking me again. Her cheek was swelling up from where I hit her already. She held on tight to my thighs. I could tell it really hurt to suck on me, but she was trying to get it over with. 

And then I got hard again thinking about how bad I was hurting her face with my cock. It was like my cock was this weapon or something. It was like Terminator or something. I grabbed her hair and rammed my cock into her throat and started pumping. It was a weird ride with my hard-on not quite the same as a fresh one, but I really wanted to add a face full of cum to her ugly fucking face, so I just kept fucking her head like a fucking melon. 

I started swearing at her, 'cause sometimes that helps me get off, and some sluts really like it. "You fucking cunt. If you ever touch my wife again I'll kill you with this cock you love so much. I'll fuck you until you fucking die from it. You hear me you retarded bitch? Nobody attacks my wife. I don't care if you're a woman I'll fuck you up. I hate pieces-of-shit bitches like you, think you're so fucking smart. Who's smart now huh? Who's smart? You sack of cum. That's all you're good for is filling with cum. You're gonna be a fat whore pretty soon from eating so much cum you nasty bitch. Your probably just crying cause you want a cock this big in every whole. That's your problem you just want more cock than you can handle, that's why you can't handle a good fucking, you piece of shit."

And it was like I just kept thinking of nasty things to say and if felt so good and tears were running down her face and drool was spitting out the side of her mouth and her nose was snotting and she kept gagging. She was so incredibly nasty, but I like it anyway. Like that's what her soul really looked like. Like I was just fucking her soul out of her head. It was so amazing.

When I finally came I was just thrusting into her throat "Choke on that cock bitch. Choke."

And she did kind of seem like she was choking.

It was pretty fucked up and I wasn't really as into it now that I came.

Now I had like a dead whore in my house.

I really did kill her with my cock.

But then I checked and I realized she was still breathing and stuff.

And then Rachel said the trippiest fuckin' thing I've ever fucking heard.

"We're allowed to have slaves. The bible says so."









Review This Story
 || Email Author:    Ceight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





