BDSM Library - Jaded




Jaded
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Jayne's sex life had become non existant, so she tries to spice it u with unforseen consequences.






Jaded part 1

"Will there be anything else Madam?" the pretty blonde shop assistant asked with a smile from behind her glass fronted counter.

Jayne put her bag and shopping basket down, "Ah, no, ah, thank you," she replied nervously, "Just these." she indicated the slim silver vibrator and the chrome play hand-cuffs in the basket and rummaged in her bag for her credit card.

"We have an extensive range of restraints Madam," the girl continued, as she checked the items, "The metal does get rather uncomfortable after a while."

Jayne peered at the assistant, she couldn't be more than nineteen, she decided, standing there in her short white coat covering, well Jayne could only speculate what she wore under it but as she was serving in a sex shop she assumed perhaps a basque.

"Er yes," Jayne agreed, "I think these will be fine," she cast her eyes around the well filled shelves, "You certainly have a wide range of, ah."

"Oh yes! we have a club room and function room as well," the assistant added, "Not just sales," she looked into Jayne's brown eyes, looking past the sensible cut of her medium length chestnut brown hair, the sensible skirt and cardigan she wore and she realised perhaps that Jayne was younger than she assumed, young and uncertain, nervous, uncertain of what she wondered.

Jayne offered her credit card and the girl slipped it into the card reader, "Enter your pin please," she asked, as she handed it back.

Jayne punched in the digits and pressed enter, 

"Thank you," the assistant said brightly, "Are you sure we can't tempt you, I'm Shelly by the way, and you are Jane?"

"With a Y yes," Jane agreed, "No, I think this will do."

"I like the fur lined velcro cuffs myself," Shelly explained, "Or the X form ones, they don't dig in like the metal,"

"Right," Jayne agreed as she put her card away.

"These," Shelly suggested as she reached a black X form soft fur lined cuffs from among the expensive vibrators and lubricants on the shelf below the counter, "They feel so much more comfortable," she explained, "But at thirty nine, ninety nine they are a tiny bit expensive."

"I'll just take these thank you," Jayne agreed as she took the carrier bag containing her vibrator and cuffs but she remained at the counter, intrigued.

"They can be used in front but are best used behind," Shelly suggested, "But the great thing is that they can always be pulled open, no keys to get lost or anything."

"Oh," Jayne agreed, "But there's no key to these cuffs?"

"No but you can't reach the release catch," Shelly explained, "So you daren't use them for SB."

"Oh, oh no my boyfriend," Jayne admitted awkwardly.

"Well, perhaps, these or the chain linked velcro cuffs," Shelly suggested, "In case you decide things have gone too far."

"Oh, I see," Jayne agreed, "So how do you free yourself?"

"Just get something under the edge and ease them apart." Shelly suggested,&nbsp; "They are awkward to put on though, do you see?"

"Yes," Jayne agreed and she stood and watched as Shelly placed the X form centre on the table and pulled the velcro strap tight around her own arm.

"Now you see if I get the edge against the table I can just lever," Shelly explained as she pushed the cuff against the counter top, and with a rasping tearing sound the strap came loose, "See, try it." she suggested with a smile.

Jayne set down her bag and picked up the soft black cuffs she placed it on her left wrist and pulled the strap tight and then found she couldn't tighten the right strap, she giggled nervously at her failure.

Shelly slipped round the side of the counter, "Let me," she offered and took Jayne's wrist, "They're best behind," Shelly whispered, as she gently pulled Jayne's arms around behind her back and fastened the strap around her other wrist, "Now how does that feel."&nbsp; 

"Strange," Jayne admitted, "So how do you release them?"

"Just get something under the edge of the strap," Shelly suggested, "And ease the first strap off, it get's easier with practice." she paused, "Try the edge of the counter, there is an overlap around the back."

Jayne stepped around the back of the counter as Shelly suggested, Shelly followed her, and coached her "That's right, against the edge." she explained, and with a faint ripping sound the cuff came away and swung loose, "And it comes open, ah."

"Oh, I see," Jayne exclaimed,"That's really easy,"
"Yet if you just pull," Shelly explained as she took Jayne's wrist and fixed the strap once more, "It's really firm, very secure, isn't it?"

Jayne tried to pull her wrists free yet and agreed, "That's quite amazing, really firm."

"Well perhaps next time," Shelly suggested, "It's for your boyfriend?" she left the question hanging.

Jayne paused, she looked around the store, "John, ah, yes, I don't know though," she admitted as her gaze passed from rubber dresses and fetish wear across the shelves of sex toys and racks of Videos and DVDs to the sexy lingerie on the far wall, and blanked out windows beyond the display, "I'm really not sure about this." she admitted.

"Is he domineering, possessive," Shelly asked, "Only girls usually buy these," she paused, "For other girls."

"He says I'm boring." Jayne admitted, "Plain Jayne."

"Really?" Shelly asked, "You don't think that do you?"

"Oh, well perhaps with these?" Jayne suggested.

"The velcro cuffs?" Shelly suggested

"No, yes, the cuffs, I don't know," Jayne admitted, "I don't think he would like these."

"Yes," Shelly agreed, "Do you want him to be assertive, is that it, do you want him to ah," she paused, and on an impulse she bent and slipped her hands up under Jayne's sensible knee length green skirt and hooked her thumbs in Jaynes waistband and simply pulled her panties and pantihose down around her ankles.

"Shelly! No!" Jayne protested, but Shelly just stepped back and smiled.

"Is that nice?" she asked, "Do you like that." 

"No!" Jayne protested, "Someone might come in!"

"So, what will they see?" Shelly asked, "Nothing, just relax."

"Please!" Jayne protested, "I don't like it."

"I think you do, you do don't you," Shelly suggested, "Just step out of your tights and we'll go in the back, OK?"

"No Shelly," Jayne protested as she tried and failed to wrench her hands free, as she found with her hands bound she couldn't pull her pants any higher than her knees "Shelly help me!"&nbsp; 

"I think I know just what you need!" Shelly giggled.

"Yes anything, just don't let anyone come in." Jayne agreed.

"Jayne, step out." Shelly repeated, but Jayne remained immobile, "Oh very well," Shelly agreed as she reached for Jayne's new vibrator, and unscrewed the battery cover, "I'll lend you some batteries," she offered. 

"What!" Jayne exclaimed as Shelly tried the motor for the first time, "Oh please." she whispered ambiguously as Shelly pushed the vibrator up under Jayne's sensible skirt and pressed it against Jayne's unseen pubes.

"Ohhh," Jayne whispered, "Its cold!"

"And you madam are hot," Shelly insisted as she worked the slim vibrator around until she found Jaynes now moist pussy lips and eased the vibrator up inside her.

"Noooo," Jayne muttered. but at that moment the bell sounded as the street door opened and Shelly barely had time to switch off the motor before two young men in coveralls and heavy jackets walked in.

"You guys buying or leering because I want to get shut up," Shelly insisted as they started giggling at the displays of porno mags.

"OK, OK," the larger guy agreed, "We're out of here."

The slipped away like naughty school boys and as they went Shelly took the door key and followed them locking the door behind them as they left.

"Shelly!" Jayne exclaimed, "They could have seen!"

"I know, it's exciting isn't it," Shelly suggested, "So if you step out of those tights we'll go into the changing room, and get you dressed."

"Just let me out of the cuffs, please," Jayne pleaded but Shelly could hear there was no sincerity in her voice.

"Just come in the back and try a few things," Shelly suggested, "The door's locked now."

Jayne knew she shouldn't, but she kicked off her panties, shoes and tights as Shelly suggested as Shelly picked up her bags and ushered her through the door at the back of the shop into a small white painted room with a brown linoleum floor lined with old fashioned grey metal lockers.

"That's it stand there," Shelly ordered and she undid the large soft green buttons on Jayne's Cardigan&nbsp; and then undid the small fiddly white buttons on her sensible white blouse leaving it hanging on her arms and then unzipped her sensible skirt pulling it right up and over her head.

"Shelly!" Jane protested, but Shelly released the catch on Jayne's sensible white bra and lifted it over her head so it too hung from Jaynes wrists by its straps.

"It's fine, just wait a minute," Shelly suggested and she took the metal cuffs and cuffed Jayne's arms just above her elbows.

"Shelly," Jayne protested, but Shelly had cuffed her arms just above where her cardigan and dress even her bra hung against the lower cuff, therefore pulling her elbows in and so thrusting her breasts out.

"Shelly you're frightening me," Jayne protested.

"It's only for a moment," Shelly reassured her as with the familiar tearing sound Shelly released the X form cuff and allowed Jaynes clothes to fall to the floor.

"No!" Jayne protested, but Shelly quickly re-attached the straps and removed the metal cuffs leaving Jayne naked vulerable and clearly excited.

Shelly scooped up the discarded clothing, "I'll just put these away and find something more suitable," she said cheerily as she tossed it in a grey painted locker, Shelly quickly chalked Jayne on the door and went back to the shop, to return with Jayne's shoes, panties and pantihose which she also tossed into the locker.

"Now what shall we do with you," Shelly asked but before Jayne could reply the vibrator slid from her and clattered to the floor, "Oh yes, a chain, perfect!" Shelly smiled, as she saw the vibrator lying on the floor glistening with fresh pussy juice,&nbsp;&nbsp; 

"Shelly!" Jayne exclaimed, "You're frightening me!" she protested, but Shelly had disappeared once more.

Jayne was relieved to see Shelly return but she panicked when she saw the chains Shelly was carrying and a simple black latex tube dress she had draped over her arms, "What are those for?" she asked nervously.

"You, of course," Shelly insisted, "A dress that goes on and comes off easily, easily cleaned, sexy, lovely rubbery feel and only forty nine ninety nine." she explained in her most persuasive manner, "And some sexy chains!"

"Shelly!" Jayne protested, again.

"And a lovely collar," Shelly added, as she put the dress and chain down and took a simple black leather dog collar and fastened it around Jaye's neck, "It's only twelve ninety nine and we can do a name tag if you like?"

"Look Shelly," Jayne protested, "It's all really lovely but,"

"Da da!" Shelly laughed, "Nipple Clamps!" as she picked the chromium chains with the small spring loaded clamps from the floor.

"No, Shelley!" Jayne protested.

"These are cheap plated ones," Shelly explained as she gently twisted Jayne's left nipple between her forefinger and thumb and as it swelled and responded so she spread the clamp and slipped it over the now erect teat and released the tension allowing it to squeeze and constrict the dark red flesh.

"Ohh, it's cold!" Jayne shuddered, but Shelly had already changed to Jayne's right nipple, this time she breathed on the clamp and blew on the nipple before she again allowed the spring pressure to squeeze the shining silver clamp deep into the sensitive red flesh.

"These are spring clamps, I like the screw ones better," Shelly confessed, "And the chain has a nice clip so it can go up to your collar like this," she said as she clipped the chromium clip to a ring on Jayne's collar, "Or you could hang your vibrator on it or just let it hang," she suggested.

"No, don't let it hang, please!" Jayne pleaded, "Oh my lord!"

"Seventeen ninety nine," Shelly said, "If you want chrome, the nice ones are nearly a hundred, or we have anodised in, well in all sorts of colours."

"Shelly!" Jayne protested, "Please, I've nothing on someone might come!"

"Ok latex tube dress, forty nine ninety nine, goes on and comes off really easy," Shelly explained, "Easily cleaned, comes in a range of colours," she bent down as she held it in for Jayne to step into and said softly,"Try it."

Jayne gasped as the cold latex sent a shiver through her whole being as Shelly eased the tight yet elastic dress up Jaynes legs shaved legs and eased it over her pert bottom and eased it up under her breasts before she finally flipped it over Jayne's sensitised clamped nipples.

"Noooooo," Jayne protested, "I can't stand it."

Shelly relented and eased the dress back over Jayne's nipples, allowing it to settle below her breasts, "How's that?" she asked.

"Ohhhh, oh my lord," Jayne gasped, "That's better, ohh." 

"Now how do you think your boy-friend will like that?" Shelly asked.

"Oh Shelly I couldn't," Jayne gasped, "Not like this!"

"Oh you could," Shelly pointed out, "You just need, ah, a little push." she explained, "You've done the hard part, coming into the shop, it would be a shame."

"What," Jayne exclaimed, "What do you mean?"

"You just need to relax let it happen," Shelly suggested, "May be the boyfriend, what did you say his name is?"

"Henry," Jayne added automatically.

"Maybe Henry isn't the one?" Shelly said, "I think you're like a lot of girls who are a bit shy and need someone to show them."

"Show them?" Jayne asked.

"Show them," Shelly replied and in a moment of inspiration she suggested, "Just a moment, I've had an idea." Shelly left Jayne alone in the room, her arms still bound, her breasts still exposed and thats when she realised there was a second door, almost disguised as a notice baord on the far side of the room and beyond it she heard faint voices.

"How about this!" Shelley asked, "Its thirty nine ninety nine," she held a black floppy head, with eye and nose holes, "It an Atomiser, I mean an An-Atomiser, at least I think that's what it's called, like a disguise?"

"No, it's horrible!" Jayne protested.

"Or a little mask, like a kitten?" Shelly showed Jayne a black and white mask, "Or how about this?" Shelly dropped the cat mask beside the floppy head mask and showed her black fabric figure eight with an elasticated strap.

"Shelly!" Jane gasped, "It's a blindfold."

"Yes!" Shelly agreed, "Do you like it?" she smiled as Jayne gasped open mouthed, "Try it, see if you like it." she suggested and she expertly fitted it around the bridge of Shelly's nose and tightened the strap around the back of Jaynes head..

"I can't see." Jayne said, but Shelly saw she had visibly relaxed.

"I think with a leash and some ear rings you would be irresistible." Shelly whispered, "I've got some whore rings, they say nine ninety nine, that's the cost of a fuck, is that you Jayne, are you a cheap whore who fucks for nine, ninety nine?"

"No!" Jayne protested.

"I'll put your lovely ruby ear rings in the locker and you can wear these," Shelly whispered as she removed the sleepers from behind Jayne's ruby ear studs and fitted the ugly diamond shaped 9.99 price tag ear rings,

"You look wonderful!" Shelly admitted, "But, yes just a moment." and she slipped away again.

The sounds were louder now, beyond the door, but before Jayne could discern what was being said Shelly was back with some cheap plastic knee length high heel boots.

"These are over priced really at twenty nine ninety nine," Shelly suggested, "Lift you foot."

"I can't see," Jayne protested.

"Oh but you look lovely," Shelly insisted, as she guided Jayne's left foot into the tight black plastic, "Other foot," she said, and she guided Jaynes's right foot into the other boot and zipped both up, "Try walking,"

"I can't see!" Jayne protested.

"I'll guide you, it's fine, just walk, four steps," Shelly coaxed and as she clipped a black leather leash to Jayne's collar and wrapped it around her hand several times so she could guide her so&nbsp; Jayne took a tentative step, "Three, two, turn." Shelly ordered, "And back."

Jayne turned and started to walk back," You could be in a room full of people Jayne." Shelly said, "And you would never know, would you."

"No please Shelly not in the shop!" Jayne protested.

"No, not in the shop, of course not," Shelly confirmed, "Just walk around me a moment," Shelly suggested and Jayne walked around her in a circle as Shelly frantically worked out how much Jane's costume would cost.

"I think that's ah," Shelly said, "Shall we say one eighty or lets say two hundred and I'll throw in three months trial membership at the club next door."

"No!" Jayne protested, "No, what club."

"Just stand and wait," Shelly insisted as she collected the spare items Jayne didn't want like the Anatomiser mask, and she took them through to the shop and rang the amount into the till and crossed the items off the stock list, she had the pin number on CCTV already, and the card details so she would finish the transaction later.

"What club Shelly," Jayne asked again anxiously.

"Fetish club, for shy sexy little wall flowers like you," Shelly said, "I'll hang my coat up and take you through."

"No!" Jayne protested.

"Or perhaps if you're a good girl I'll take you out in the street," Shelly suggested.

"Please, let me go!" Jayne pleaded, but Shelly just whispered an obscene safe word in Jaynes ear.

"It's what you want Jayne, it's what you came looking for now enjoy." Shelly insisted, "Now let me take you through." and then to reassure her Shelly said, "All your things will be quite safe, we've twenty four seven CCTV in the changing room."

"Oh my lord no!" Jayne protested, but Shelly wasn't listening, as she added her own panties and bra to the coat in her locker, changed from shoes to boots and stuffed a handfull of condoms down her basque until now clad only in the black basque, fishnet stockings and&nbsp; black leather high heeled knee length boots Shelly tugged on the leash and led Jayne to the door to the "Club."










Part 2.

"Shelly please!" Jayne protested, but it was a half hearted protest, as she awkwardly took the first few steps from the changing room through the door to the Club, tottering on her unfamiliar high heels, her simple black rubber dress folded down to show her breasts with the nipple camps and chains sweeping up to her collar and unsighted in her blindfold, she sensed rather than saw the door way, felt the change from concrete to boarded floor and stopped obediently as Shelly yanked on her leash.

"Turn left and down the stairs," Shelly ordered, "Be careful,"

There were voices, louder now, getting louder all the time, Jayne had no idea that she was descending into a replica of an ancient dungeon, or that she came into view feet first or that half dozen men were drinking bottled beer or coke from the improvised bar at the other end of the room, away from the curved brick vaulting of the dungeon area.

Shelly made sure Jayne was all the way to the bottom of the stairs and turned her to the right to face the bar before she made an announcement, "My Lords Ladies and Gentlemen, May I present your 'Whore de Jour,' Plane Jane, Nine ninety nine a fuck Gentlemen."

"What about you Shell!" someone shouted, 

"Call it a hundred Stan," Shelly replied, "Two hundred seeing as it's you."

"Oh god please no Shelly," Jayne stammered, her voice quailing but even as she spoke she knew her juices were churning as never before.

"What about you John?" Shelly asked.

"Nine ninety nine, really?" Jayne heard the pleasant mid atlantic accent of an anonymous businessman enquire, "Really?"

"Sort of loss leader, she needs the practice." Shelly explained.

"Oh she's sweet, she's blushing Shelly," John said as he approached, Jayne had no idea John was dressed in a simple pair of shorts as required by the dress code for straight guys, shorts for straight guys,raher than the swimming trunks or shorts displaying the bum cheeks for gays, while it was accepted all the girls were bi.

 Jayne stood still through the banter, it didn't seem real, it was all surreal and she convinced herself that they were just playing a trick on her, even as Shelly gave John change from a twenty and handed him a condom and Jayne's leash she still thought it was a trick.

But when John whispered, "What a pretty little thing, such pretty ears," he said as he kissed her ear, "Such a pretty neck," he kissed her neck, "Such pretty titties," he said rhyming the two words before he kissed the end of her erect left nipple just beyond the clamp making her gasp with pleasure, "And why is your sweet little cunt all hidden." he asked, "Is it because it's a nasty dirty fuck hole, is that why you're so cheap!"

"Noo" Jayne protested, but John had already grasped her rubber tube dress and was pulling it down, "Please, don't," Jayne pleaded.

"Oh but its a beautiful little pussy, all waxed oh it's sweet," John said perhaps sarcastically, but he had to admit it was beautifully proportioned, and he felt the reassuring surge of blood to his loins as his penis began to strain the front of his shorts like a tent pole.

"I think it's time John," Shelly said, "Cubicle or whipping rail?"

John looked around, there was hardly anyone in. It was too early for a crowd, there were two private cubicles with doors and locks and two semi private without doors but no one was using the whipping rail, right in the middle of the vaulted dungeon section well almost the middle it was slightly to one side of where the stairs came down from the shop, a rail adjustable in height which girls, or boys could bend over to be whipped, or entered from behind.

"Rail, I think." John chose instantly, "Come on Plane Jane."

"It's Jayne with a wye," Jayne said automatically.

"John with an h," John replied equally automatically as he tugged and guided Jayne to the rail.
John turned her around, made her face the wall and then he made her bend.

Shelly helped pull the pins and helped John to adjust the whipping rail in its A frames until the height was perfect and then he gently made Jayne bend right over the rail, she thoughtb she might fall forward but then reassuringly she felt John move up behind her, she sensed him, sensed his warmth, sensed his smart business suit where he was bare legged, sensed his rugged masculinity, and sensed his utter contempt for her.

Jayne almost cried out, but in her heart she knew this was what she needed sheer unadulterated raw sex, with a stranger she need never see again, need never see at all.

John's fingers explored her first, "For heavens sake she's on fire Shell, what have you been doing?" he asked.

"Stop talking and start doing John," Shelly retorted and next Jayne thrilled to the feel of Johns beautifully streamlined manhood sliding smoothly into her, she gasped in excitement and relief as she had a sudden last minute fear that he might spear her bum instead, and then the familiar buzzing, pulsing, heart throbbing, pounding ecstasy as John began to ride her.

Suddenly Shelly whipped off Jaynes blindfold and there upside down between her own glossy boots and between Johns bare and hairy legs she could see the club patrons watching her, a barman, an ageing docker or manual worker, an effeminate peroxide blonde bottle tanned man in lederhosen, a thirty something woman dressed completely in black leather, from her long black leather coat, to her boots and there were more people coming down the spiral staircase at the other end of the room, Jane cringed with embarrassment squeezing John and then quite suddenly Shelly put her blindfold back on again and her world was just her and John once more.

Jayne was drifting in a balloon over Galway bay, dancing on clouds, riding a dolphin, drifting through space, lost in an intense world of John's throbbing pistoning cock and the tricks her mind was playing.

"Goo," Jayne manage to say, "So goo," like a baby saying "Good," and then came the throbbing and the rush and frustration as he started to jerk yet the the condom contained his juices, the juices she needed inside her, that same rush of semen she craved to flood her, to wash away her need, to cleanse her soul and scour away the hurt, but the condom meant it never came, such promise such excitement such anticlimax.

Jane quietly whispered her safe word, a string of obscenities which could not be mistaken.

"John," Shelly said quietly, "Safe word."

"Oh christ, what's wrong Jayne with a Y?" he asked, "I'm sorry, it was good for me, was I too rough, what was wrong?"

"Safe word John, no questions, no arguing, you know the rules." Shelly insisted, and she helped Jayne to stand.

There was a ripple of polite applause and then Shelly guided Jayne back to the stairs and back up to the changing room, "Turn left and up the stairs," she whispered and "It's all right Jayne, don't worry," Shelly added and she guided Jayne into the changing room again and shut and locked the door to the club before she turned and went to remove Jayne's blindfold.

Shelly paused, she wondered what she would find there, tears, hatred, fear perhaps, but when finally she peeled the blindfold away there was only sorrow and not tears in Jayne's brown eyes as she blinked in the sudden bright light.

Shelly wondered what to say as stepped across to an anonymous grey locker, "There's a sink and mirror behind this locker door," she explained,&nbsp; "And a shower room if you pull that locker out like this." She added as she tugged and another anonymous double locker swung forward easily revealing the shower room beyond.

Jayne paused as she saw Shelly looking at her, saw Shelly had her black latex dress over her arm, "I don't have all day?" Shelly insisted, "Cuffs?"

"Oh, ah yes," Jayne remembered, she placed the edge of the left cuff's velcro strap against a locker and with a ripping tearing noise the cuff came open. 

Suddenly she felt terribly embarrassed, it was fine while she had the illusion that she was helpless but now she realised to her horror that at any time she could have freed herself.

"Jayne your bushing, didn't you realise you cold get free any time?" Shelly asked.

 Jayne, suppressed a smile and a giggle, as she freed her other hand and went to unzip her boots, "Phew, can I leave this stuff here?" she asked, "Only Henry might not understand."

"Of course, use the locker with Jayne on." Shelly suggested, and then she asked "Jayne, downstairs, what was wrong?"

"The condom,"Jayne explained as she pulled her boots off, "I want to feel a man spurt, you know, and it was so good and then suddenly it didn't happen."

"We can't Jayne, not with Aids," Shelly said sadly, "But next time well, we'll maybe try something better?"

"Ok," Jayne agreed but they both knew Jayne would never be back.

Jayne put her boots by the locker and undid her collar, "Careful, let me," Shelly cautioned, "Don't let it hang from the chains,"

"Oh god yes," Jayne gasped, as she realised the collar was still chained to her nipple clamps.

"They would have sprung off but it doesn't half sting!" Shelly commented as she unclipped the chromium nipple clamps allowing the circulation to return to Jayne's tortured nipples.

Jayne gasped with the thrill of the returning sensation in her formerly numbed nipples, they stung and throbbed and tingled in the most delicious manner, but she resisted the temptation and quickly slipped her sensible white bra with sensible soft supportive cups on which comforted her softly.

Jayne slipped her tights and panties on and then used the sink to wash and the mirror to do her makeup and ten minutes later Shelly let Jayne out through the side door into a narrow alleyway and into the cold London evening mist.

"I'll see you?" Shelly suggested, "Bye,"

"Yes, ah, thanks, I think!" Jayne laughed and she walked off towards the station and normality.

Jayne glanced up at the clock outside the underground station, she hardly believed what she saw, could it be barely an hour since she tried to pay for her shopping, she rummaged in her bag and pulled out her cell phone "Hi Henry," she said as the answerphone message cut in, "Can we give it a miss tonight? I'm running late, bye." and then she disappeared into the station foyer and took the short ride to her home.

The flat seemed somehow cold and unfriendly, she microwaved her frozen meal, the TV seemed more boring than usual and she decided on a hot bath and an early early night.

She lay in the bath for ages, thinking about Henry, work, life and then as the water cooled she dried herself in her favourite big fluffy bath towel and went to the bedroom, the bed seemed cold and unfriendly so she went back to the sitting room and sat before her TV once more, and there beside the sideboard she saw her cavernous bag with her handbag inside and beside it she remembered there should be her new chrome hand-cuffs and the shiny silver vibrator.

She leaned across and pulled the vibrator from the bag, someone had wiped it but it was loose and the box was missing but, as she found to her surprise it still held the batteries that Shelly had leant her.

It buzzed seductively, so she relaxed and sprawled in her arm chair and slid the tingling silver cylinder deep inside her as she tried to imagine Henry making love to her but instead she kept hearing that mid atlantic accent of "John with an h," and remembered the way he claimed her and oh god, paid for the privillege, it wasn't hard to imagine it was his manhood and not a plastic toy buzzing within her, and the feeling of well being spread quickly through her as she eased the toy gently around inside her. 

"John with an H," she heard the name inside her head, she could no more pretend it was Henry than fly to the moon, Henry was an in bed, lights out, curtains drawn sort of lover, but John with a H, well he had already made love, well, perhaps screwed was a more accurate description, but John had sex with her before an audience.

So John brought her to the first orgasm of the evening, unbeknown to him as he was ten miles away watching a repeat of Top Gear on TV at the time, and she gently lazed in a warm glow of contentment.

Shelly, by contrast had watched Jayne walk away, and swiftly calculated she had earned fifty pounds worth of commission in less than an hour, wow!&nbsp;&nbsp; She returned to the Club, where sought out the black leather clad woman, "New member Miss Cathcart," she said, "Over two hundred quids worth of gear and a three months membership," She gushed, "We won't see her again though."

"Oh you will my dear, the look on that poor tormented soul's face, oh yes, next time you bring her to me and I'll show her something she will never forget." Miss Cathcart suggested. "That new strapon where you pump it up?"

"Yes, the seventy seven ninety nine one," Shelly said, "And the reservoir fits,"

"Don't be crude dear," Miss Cathcart smiled, "On second thoughts, perhaps, perhaps you could do the honours while I check the books?"

Shelly gulped, the honours, she knew exactly what Miss Cathcart expected, "It's my home time Miss Cathcart." Shelly reminded her, "I haven't eaten since lunch." she blushed, "I mean I haven't had anything to eat, I mean any food!" 

"All right," Miss Cathcart sighed, "I'm disappointed but&nbsp; if you don't want to you don't want to." 

"No, no offence." Shelly agreed.

"Shelly," Miss Cathcart asked, "You said you were bi-sexual at the interview, you are, aren't you?" she gazed into Shelly's sparkling blue eyes, Shelly shook her head slightly, "No I thought not," Miss Cathcart ageed, "I know you're a student, and you need the money, but."

"Ok, yes, I'll do it," Shelly agreed.

"Darling, it's a privillege not a chore," Miss Cathcart chuckled, "Actually I think you probably are bi, are a repressed dom, perhaps?" she speculated, "Have you tried wearing a strap on?"

"Miss Cathcart!" Shelly exclaimed as her face reddened with embarrassment.

"It's a club dear," Miss Cathcart explained, "Not the foyer at Fortnum and Mason, no one is embarrassed." she looked at Shelly again, the light was reflecting off her long blonde hair, constricted by a single black elasticated band into a flowing mane while her cheeks glowed with youthful vitality, her lips cherry red made for kissing and sucking and teasing, "But you're very young, and you did very well with that last sale," She added, "Very well, well done."


Miss Cathcart was right, about Jayne at least, "Ah excuse me," Jayne asked the following Thursday, as she stood before the glass counter and tried to attract the attention of the assistants giggling in the store room, "Can I have a refund, I haven't used them?" and she held out the chromium play hand cuffs.

"No sorry Madam," Shelly said, "Oh, Jayne, with a Y?" she said, "Oh sorry we don't"

"Of course Shelly Jayne is a member," Miss Cathcart reminded her, "It will have to be a credit note I'm afraid." she smiled at Jayne, "Is there anything you would like, ah, in it's place?"

"Oh, well, ah." Jayne replied awkwardly.

"We do have a certain number of ah, items, for demonstration purposes Miss?" Miss Cathcart explained.

"It's Jayne with a Y," Jayne explained.

"I'm Amelia," Miss Cathcart replied, "My friends call me Madam," and she smiled at Shelly who blushed.

"How about the seventy seven ninety nine one we were looking at?" Shelly asked innocently.

Jayne looked up, "Oh I wasn't thinking of anything that expensive!"

"It's really good Jayne," Shelly added, "You don't have to buy if you don't like it."

"Oh, all right," Jayne agreed, "I suppose," but already there was a first tingle of anticipation, the one that started as she entered the shop from the road, through the outer and inner entrance doors with their painted over windows which stopped anyone from the street looking inside, that first tingle was now a warm feeling, warm and wet.

Jayne's stylish blue dress swished around her knees, as she swept around the counter, a stylish but modest knee length dress worn with a darker blue jacket, instead of skirt and cardigan, but still knee length, and modest, although as Shelly noted, at least she showed some cleavage now.

"Mind the shop please Shelly," Miss Cathcart requested and she led Jayne through to the back room. "Actually Shelly didn't fill the membership forms in properly," she said, "Will you come up to the office please, its just through here."

"Oh no, no way," Jayne protested but Miss Cathcart had opened the door to the 'Club,' and then immediately opened another door to the right leading to a set of stairs leading upwards.

"It's up here," Miss Cathcart explained, "It's Victorian I think, a bit of a warren I'm afraid but there's no need to go through the Club," 

"Oh, I see," Jayne exclaimed, "Right," and she followed as Miss Cathcart led her up the slightly uneven thinly carpeted steps, and along a short corridor past a store room and on to a spacious office with two desks a wide variety of filing cabinets and a window looking out over the street.

"My world!" Miss Cathcart explained, "Now where are your forms, oh yes," she pulled a drawer out, "Here we are, just a signature, here and your post code." she said, "Oh and initial the other pages would you?"

Jayne took the pen and scribbled her signature across the final page, "Is that it?" she asked.

"Yes, I suppose," Miss Cathcart said disappointedly as she put the completed forms away again, "You left rather abruptly the other evening?" she queried, "Was there a problem?"

"Oh, ah, well," Jayne explained, "I sort of got swept along, do you see, I only came for a set of play cuffs."

"Oh, John didn't ah." Miss Cathcart asked, Jayne wondered how she knew as she failed to realise Miss Cathcart in her pale blue smock and blue denim jeans was actually the leather clad dom she had glimpsed briefly in the Club, Jayne struggled to find the right explanation.

"Oh no, but, you see, we never use condoms at home," Jayne explained, "Henry and I,"

"And do you, ah, like girls?" Miss Cathcart asked.

"Oh yes, oh," Jayne blustered, "Oh like, like, as in sleep with?"

"No not sleep,"&nbsp; Miss Cathcart suggested, "Not sleep, only, well, did Shelly really explain everything?" she asked anxiously, "We do rather assume when girls join the cub that they will like other girls as well as men?"

"I don't know," Jayne replied, "Seriously I don't, I've never, that's not to say I haven't wondered, but." Jayne muttered almost incoherently.

"Now you have a safe word don't you?" Miss Cathcart asked,and when Jayne immediately nodded she continued, "Then perhaps, we should explore, ah, that side of your, your psyche, is that the word?"

"I don't know," Jayne demurred, her heart was thumping now and there was a tinging and she felt warm and damp and she didn't know quite what to do.

"Just call me 'Madam,' or 'Mistress' if you like," Miss Cathcart suggested, "And if things get, well you know, just use the safe word and it ends, absolutely."

"Madam," Jayne asked, "What do you suggest?"

"Good," Miss Cathcart agreed, "Shall we go back down to the shop and choose something suitable?"

"I already have a black latex," Jayne told her.

"Oh no, that's for whores, no, something cross-over, elegant, chic, I think we have just the thing," Miss Cathcart suggested, "In the store room," she opened the office door an walked the few steps to the store room with its glass panel in the door and unlocked it and ushered Jayne in before locking it again and pulling down the blind.

Jayne looked at the jumble of boxes and clothes racks loaded with a bewildering array of garments, more jumble sale than haute couture she thought.

Miss Cathcart seemed to know precisely where to look&nbsp; "This is it," she said suddenly and she reached down a black dress and a white, possibly ermine, shawl from a clothes rack, "Now," she exclaimed, as she spread the long gown out, "What do you think of that."

"It's, ah beautiful," Jayne exclaimed, "What, ah, how much?"

"I bought it from a charity shop," Miss Cathcart explained, "Ten pounds,!" she exclaimed with a delighted grin, "Bare shoulders do you see, with the wrap as well, it's ideal, that is if you come through the main entrance, but you do need a suitable bra, ah, that is if you insist on a bra, strapless, of course."

"Oh!" Jayne agreed, "Yes!"

"Put it on then, Jayne," Miss Cathcart encouraged her, "There's a hanger over there, the door's locked," she said and she started to look in a large cardboard box.

Jayne hung her smart jacket on a chair back and then hung her dress on the hanger and slipped her jacket on top of it, she turned round to see Miss Cathcart holding a brown leather dog collar, and some velcro handcuffs.

"Lets slip this on shall we," Miss Cathcart suggested.

"I thought?" Jayne replied.

"Hush, stop thinking, just enjoy," Miss Cathcart whispered and she placed the collar around Jaynes neck and tightened the buckle. "You really should stop wearing those tights," Miss Cathcart suggested as she added a leash to the collar, "Stockings or open crotch tights but those, yuck." she said as she released Jayne's bra strap, and let it fall.

Jayne instinctively raised her arm to stop the bra falling but Miss Cathcart whispered, "Let it fall," before she pulled Jaynes Panties and tights to her ankles. "I have some shoes for you Jayne, look!" Miss Cathcart ordered.

"Madam!" Jayne gasped as miss Cathcart showed her a pair of elegant black shoes with five inch stiletto heels, "I can't walk in those." she protested.

"No my darling they are not for walking," Miss Cathcart agreed, they're for playing, "Try them!"
Jane pulled her own own heeled sensible shoes off and peeled off her tights and panties before taking a new shoe and trying it on,&nbsp; "Seriously I cant walk in these," she protested as Miss Cathcart helped her to pull the strap tight through the unusual ratcheting buckle.

"It doesn't matter really," Miss Cathcart insisted, and she reached in the box again and produced some rather tired looking bunny ears, "How about some bunny ears, like these?" she asked.

"Oh my god I'll look like something out of an old playboy!" Jayne giggled.

"It's just you and me Jayne," Miss Cathcart reminded her and then with a swish Miss Cathcart pulled off her smock to reveal a black corset with pink ribbons and a black peep hole bra through which her nipples protruded, and equally suddenly she kicked off her heels and pulled down her blue denim jeans and black thong and tossed them asied before sitting down on a packing case.

"I need your tongue Jayne, please." Miss Cathart almost pleaded, "I'm sorry but."

Jayne stared, there was no threat, no coercion, just a fellow human being who needed a small kindness Jayne rationalised, just a friend, it wasn't really any different to giving someone a lift in one's car or putting a sticking plaster.

"I've never done this before, Amelia," Jayne said choosing her words carefully, "You will say if it hurts wont you?" and with a pounding heart she crawled up to Miss Cathcart and began to lick her sex.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A.Broadsword


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





