BDSM Library - School Of Sluts




School Of Sluts
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  I was ramming one of my many dildos in and out of my sloppy pussy when I heard the front door open. Mother must be home from work, I wonder if she brought home another guy from the strip club.






School Of Sluts

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was ramming one of my many dildos in and out of my sloppy pussy when I heard the front door open. Mother must be home from work, I wonder if she brought home another guy from the strip club. I could sure use some real cock before going to school.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay sleepyhead time to get up for school." Said mom, opening the door to my bedroom seeing me pound my pussy into orgasm overload. Candy, my mother is a beautiful 5 foot 4 slut, built for sex. Her natural 34D boobs were spilling out of the tight tube top she was wearing, her nipple rings clearly visible. Her denim short shorts were cut so short her fat pussy lips hung out either side. She must have decided not to wear her large pussy rings because I didn't see them.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Did you bring anybody home with you mom? I could use some real cock before I get on the bus." I said, panting, so close to an orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"No baby, I did all my fucking at the club, see." Mother said, showing me the dried cum smeared all over her inner thighs. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Besides, you know you're always late "to school when I bring a cock or two home from the club." Mom said, as she approached my bed. She grabbed the base of the dildo I was pounding into my cunt and fucked me with it, leaving my hands free to manipulate my clit. Mom fucked me so hard and fast with my large dildo, I came quickly.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay Barbie, my little slut, now let's get you ready for school." Said mother, standing my big dildo up on my nightstand next to my big bottle of lube. I jumped out of bed, satisfied with my mother induced orgasm and went to my bathroom. After my enema, I shaved my pussy and legs, even though I didn't have a lot of hair down there to begin with, after all, I was only 18 years old. What did I want to wear today, a short skirt with no panties, maybe short shorts like mom was wearing. I decided on tight, black, latex shorts that have a zipper that ran all the way from front to back, showing my fat camel toe and making it easier for quick fucking. I wore a tight, black, T-shirt cut off just below my little tities, with 'Slut' embroidered on the front. You could see my always hard nipples poking through. I couldn't wait until I could get my nipples pierced so you could see them even more, but mother said we should wait until my boobs stopped growing. At my young age they were nothing more than cute mounds of flesh, with pencil eraser sized nipples..
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I French kissed mom before I left, I love the taste of sperm she had in her mouth. I was a few minutes late to the bus stop, but the bus was waiting for me. I got on and thanked my friend Bridget for holding the bus for me again. She told me no problem, and went back to sucking the bus drivers cock. I headed to the back of the bus were Rod was waiting for me. I said hey to Susie, who barely acknowledged me. She was squeezing her big tits with a look of euphoria, her eyes were rolling back in her head and she was biting her lower lip. She must be wearing her vibrating butt plug or something. I thought he about wearing mine today, but it's always so hard to concentrate with that thing rattling my brain through my ass. As I approached the back of the bus I reached behind me and unzipped my shorts so I would be ready for Rod's cock, which was out of his pants and ready for fucking. I took my seat on Rod's cock just as Bridget brought the bus drivers cock off. I bounced up and down on Rod's hard on like I did every morning on the way to school. Other guys were reaching out and grabbing my little tits and generally feeling me up. My school bus boyfriend would push them away if they got too close, he didn't like to be crowded for his morning fuck. I didn't care if a couple of the guys wanted blow jobs, I loved sucking cock while being fucked, it's one of my favorite things to do. I saw Roxy sucking off her school bus boyfriend, another one of the big dicks on campus that didn't like to share with his friends. He was yelling and pushing at every guy that got close to her exposed ass under her short skirt. That left my friend Bridget and Susie and a couple of the other girls to take on the rest of the school bus cocks. There were three cocks to every pussy on the bus and two of the cocks weren't sharing, and they all wanted to get their cocks off before we got to school, so there was a lot of hard fucking between the four sluts. I liked sitting in the back of the bus riding Rod's big cock and watching the live fuck fest in front of me. Suzy was laying on her seat with her legs spread while one guy after another pounded her pussy. Whatever toy she had buzzing around in her ass was making her mouth useless for blow jobs, so the guy in front of her just fucked her face, and she just moaned as one orgasm after another racked her brain. Bridget was a real trooper, her greatest kick was getting off as many cocks as possible in the shortest amount of time. She was riding one guy laying in the aisle while another pounded her ass. She expertly sucked the cock in front of her and jerked off two more sitting in the seats on either side. As soon as she felt a load of cum splatter her body somewhere she would quickly move another ready cock in his place. By the time we pulled up in front of the school Bridget was the messiest of all of us sluts, but the rest of us still had plenty of cum dripping from our fuckhole's. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I went to the girls restroom to clean some of Rod's cum out of my pussy before I went to class. The latex crotch of my fuck shorts felt good with man cream leaking out of my pussy. I hope there was another slut in their that would suck my pussy dry, if not I just have to do it myself and suck my fingers clean. I was in luck, Slut was at the sink cleaning her pussy after probably a dozen guys fucked her. She had four fingers of her left hand jammed deep in her sloppy pussy, trying to get as much juice out of it as possible. That's right, her name is Slut, her mom and dad are part of a sex cult that trained her from birth to be a cock loving slut. I envied her in some ways, she already had nipple rings for instance, she'd had them for as long as I've known her, she must've got them when she was very young. She also had a small tattoo above her pussy that said 'Fuck Me'. She looks so hot licking the cum from her fingers with one leg propped up on the sink.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hey Slut, I'll eat the cum from your pussy if you'll do me, deal." I said, licking my lips and stroking my fat camel toe through the thin latex of my slutty shorts.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hey Barbie, that sounds like a deal to me." Said Slut, digging deep into her pussy with four fingers, pulling them out to suck on them one last time while I get down on my knees on the dirty floor. I should've worn my kneepads, I thought as I buried my face in Slut's cum filled pussy, feeling her big fat pussy lips wrap around my face.. Because she lived on a farm with dozens of guys and animals to fuck, her pussy was always dripping, another one of the things I envied about her.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh yeah Barbie, that feels so good. So are you going to be at the party this weekend? It's going to be a wild fuck fest, as usual." Asked Slut, still sucking her fingers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Fuck yeah, I love your parties, is that one chick that fuck's horses going to be their?" I asked, momentarily stopping my pussy eating duties.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Yeah that was pretty hot last time wasn't it, yeah she'll be their. I've even been stretching my pussy out so I can fuck a horse one day." Said Slut.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That would be so hot watching you take a big horse cock, I have an idea, pretend this is a horse cock." I said, bawling my little hand into a fist and shoving it deep into her still; very slick cunt. I was not surprised I was able to get my fist deep in her little pussy, almost to the elbow.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I would say your pussy is ready for horse cock, look at how deep that is, you fucking slut." I said, thinking of how long it must take to create such a fuck tunnel.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Please fuck me? I need to cum again." Begged Slut, looking down at me with a sluttish hunger. I pushed my hand in an out a few times but then decided to be a cruel bitch.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's all you get bitch, we don't have time for you to get off, now clean my pussy like you promised." I demanded, standing up and unzipping my tight shorts so Slut could suck the load out of my pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh... You bitch, it wouldn't have taken me that long, your tongue already had me halfway there." Slut said, pouting but taking her place on her knees to suck the load out of my cunt. Her tongue felt exquisite, bringing me closer and closer to an orgasm, which I knew she would deny me. Sure enough, as soon as she sufficiently cleaned the load of cum out of my pussy she stopped sucking.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay bitch, your pussy is clean, but you're going to have to do something about those knees, you should've worn kneepads." Joked Slut, as she zipped my shorts closed.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walked to my first class checking out the fashion; of my fellow sluts. Some of the girls wore kneepads for obvious reasons, the rest of us just walked around with dirty knees. Bambi was wearing a new slutty outfit. The same latex shorts that I was wearing only see through. You could see the tattoo above her pussy 'Bambi's Box', that was pretty hot. She also wore clear latex thigh high boots with built-in kneepads, I bet those cost a pretty penny. And to top it off a see-through latex bra that molded her big tits perfectly. Since her father owned the local whorehouse, and she worked there part time she had money to buy all the slutty clothes she wanted. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walked into my first class of the day and decided to sit in the back. It's only fun to sit in the front when I'm wearing a short skirt and no panties and there were already a couple of girls in the front seats showing there pussy's to professor Rogers, or as we call him professor Big Dick. I saw Steve and Bill in the very back row offering me a seat between them. The back row was a large bench type of seat, cushioned and stretching from one side of the classroom to the other. There were already a couple of other sluts having fun back there, kissing and playing grab ass. I sauntered toward Steve and Bill, playing with the zipper that ran over my clitoris and licking my lips. As soon as I sat down Steve was nibbling my neck so good. Bill's hand took the place of mine playing with my prominent camel toe. Let the festivities begin, I thought. professor Rogers, stood up and walked to the center of the class where we could see his large cock through his trousers. He tried to maintain himself and control his cock, but the girls in the front row love the challenge. They began licking their lips, grabbing their firm tits through whatever flimsy garment they were wearing. There knees were spread wide and fingers began stroking their visible fuckhole's. professor Big Dick, tried not to pay attention as he began his lecture. I was stroking the two cocks next to me, wishing the girls in front would hurry up so we could dim the lights and start the movie. Finally the professor began stammering and we could see his cock begin to stir in his trousers.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay boys and girls, we'll finish the lecture on video, make sure to take notes." He said, and he moved quickly to his desk trying to hide his emerging hard on. The lights went dim and professor Rogers appeared on a large video screen in the front of the class. We quickly got ready to take notes. I unzipped my shorts got on my knees and rested my arms on the seat in front of me. After Steve and Bill played a quick game of rock paper scissors, Steve took his place behind me. He slowly pushed his big cock in my pussy while Bill took notes on the lecture waiting his turn. I tried to pay attention to professor Big Dicks, lecture but it was difficult with small orgasms hitting me every few minutes. Every 5 minutes Bill and Steve would switch places. You couldn't really see what everybody was up to, but you can hear the fucking and sucking going on. I knew the girls in front were masturbating watching the large image of professor Rogers, trying to get a glimpse of his enormous cock on the screen, but they still took notes. We may all be perverts but we were in school to learn after all, besides professor big dick always kept one of the front row girls after class to see what she had learned. After my 10th or 11th mini orgasm the bell rang and we all quickly zipped up. As we all left, the professor announced to the first row.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Cindy, will you mind staying after class for a few minutes?" Said professor Big Dick, with a smirk on his face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You better believe it Professor Big D...I mean Rogers!" Said a very excited Cindy, as she grabbed her pad that she had been writing on and walked with the professor towards his small office. I watched Cindy and the professor head towards his office, the professor's hand on Cindy's little ass as they walked. I think I'm going to start wearing short skirts for a while, until I get invited to ride professor Rogers big dick, it's been a while. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Next is gym class and the coach makes everybody dress out. After a little grab ass in the locker room, some of us had sperm to clean out of our pussy's, then we all reported to the football field. The girls were wearing tight, red, short shorts that gripped our legs really tight and showed off our cunt lips. Little halter tops that were also kind of tight, and the boys wore red shorts and tank tops. The shorts weren't as tight as the girls, but were tight enough to show the hard dicks of most of the boys.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay, today, we are going to learn how to hike a football, I need a volunteer... Barbie front and center." Said coach Jones, pointing at me even though the other girls had their hands raised and I didn't. I knew he'd pick me, he always picks me when we practice hiking the football, which is a lot. He likes my fat camel toe. In the short shorts it sticks out really good. I guess that pussy pump I got for my birthday is really paying off. I walked up to the coach licking my lips. I bent over spreading my legs just right, letting him see my plump pussy lips staring back at him.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Barbie, grab hold of that football. Okay everyone, first press the back of your throwing hand firm into the crotch of the center Lineman."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I felt his knuckle good deep between the lips of my pussy. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Everybody knows the center Lineman's job is to hike the football to the quarterback." As he blathered on, the back of his hand was jerking me off so good. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The centers Lineman's back should be arched and her ass should be sticking out." The coach said, as he moved me into a better position. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay Barbie are you ready to try one?" Asked the coach, still rubbing the back of his hand on my puffy cunt lips.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Whatever you say, coach." I said, ready to slam this football as hard as I can into his hand.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hike!" Screamed the coach. Oh, it hurts so good to feel the back of his hand smash into my fat lips. I stood up looked into the crowd of young perverts and noticed some hard cocks.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay Barbie let's do that a few more times." Said the coach, with a smirk. I assumed the position so quickly there was a giggle from the perverted crowd watching me. So I slapped my pussy with the football a few more times, the coach almost bringing me off with the back of his hand. After that we all practiced, the girls being the center, of course. some of the guys would put their palm up letting the football slam into the back of their hand. And of course many of the guys just blatantly rub the pussy that is in front of them. Because I have the fattest pussy of any of the girls their, I got practiced with a lot. I think next week is wrestling, that's always fun to.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the cafeteria Bridget and I were eating a couple of bologna sandwiches listening to the sob story of our friend Rachel. It was the third day of her five-day punishment that her father put her in, and she was going crazy. Her father caught her fucking her brother again and is making her wear her chastity belt. Her father didn't care how many other cocks she fucked, he just didn't think brothers and sisters should be fucking. Rachel is real frustrated right now; she needs to cum, desperately. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I hate my dad. It's not fair I should be able to screw whoever I want. You know what I mean?" Said Rachel, pinching her nipples, wishing she could get at her pussy which is trapped behind a padlocked thick rubber panty; molded to her cunt lips. Sometimes she slaps her pussy really hard to try to bring herself off, but it hurts her hand too much.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Hey Barbie, you think you could knee my pussy a few times? That kind of work last time." Rachel said, with a pleading look in her eye. I nodded, half aware of what she said. I was sitting on top of Brad, my cafeteria boyfriend, moving slowly back and forth on his thick cock. He was another one that kept the boys away so I could eat my lunch in peace. I looked around the cafeteria being entertained by what I saw. Slut, was sprawled out on one of the tables with a large group of horny guys sucking, fucking, pinching and pulling her lusty body. She pulled a lunchtime gang bang almost every day, it was great entertainment. Cindy was under the table sucking off the football players, that was her thing. She always wore kneepads, which was smart since she loved to suck cock so much. She usually left the lunchroom with a stomach full of protein. She was different than Kelly, who also loved to suck cock in the fact that she swallowed. Kelly liked to take the cum in her mouth as the guy blew his load, but then let it run out all over the front of her T-shirt or blouse, which was usually white. She enjoyed walking around school with as much cum as possible running down her face and smeared all over her shirt. Suddenly Brad stood up from his chair bent me over and began slamming his cock into my dripping pussy. He always does this just before he cum's. I'll squeeze my pussy really hard when I want to orgasm. The challenge with my cafeteria boyfriend, is to time it just right. When Brad shoots his load, it's a big one, and there's nothing better than simultaneous orgasms, especially when the guy is capable of flooding your cunt with a river of cum. As soon as Brad pulls his thick cock out of my pussy I quickly zip up my tight shorts. I like feeling loads of come trapped inside my pussy, and the shorts are perfect for that. The bell rang and we were all collecting our stuff getting ready to leave when Rachel reminded me what I did promised.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay, lean back against the wall, maybe that will work better this time." I said, grabbing her by the shoulders, getting in a good stance.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Are you ready?" I asked, knowing this was probably going to hurt more than get her close to an orgasm. She nodded, so I began throwing my knee as hard as I could into that hard rubber crotch of her chastity belt. The plump crotch of the chastity panties may have looked hot, but it was killing my knee. I could only last for about 10 good knees to the crotch before I had to stop. I could see the sad look in Rachel's face.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I'm sorry Rach, that hurts my knee too much." I said, stroking my sore knee."
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"That's okay, it's my own personal hell, you shouldn't have to feel any pain, unless pain is your thing, of course." She said with a smirk.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The rest of my day was pretty uneventful. I sucked a few cocks in the boys room on a dare in between classes. Bridget bet me one of her dildos I couldn't get two guys off in the 10 minutes we had between classes. I took the bet immediately when she said I could pick any two guys. I spotted a couple of 12-year-old nerds I remembered from a party a couple of weeks ago, I remembered they were quick cummers. I had both guys nutting quick, with time to spare.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At the end of the day I spotted Rachel in the teachers parking lot getting her pussy beaten with what looked like; a crowbar. She was leaning back against the driver side door with her legs spread, she was squeezing her tits and appeared to be cumming her brains out. I guess she found something that would get through that thick rubber chastity; to her needy clit.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the way home in the back of the bus. I was sitting on Rod's hot cock, in a dreamy state of mind. I was half asleep from my day full of orgasms, but my pussy still wanted more of Rod's slow fucking. I hope Rod can quench my need or I'll end up going to Pedo Park and getting fucked by the perverts that hang out their. I don't need that rough fucking right now. I can always use one of my dildos, but they don't satisfy like a warm cock. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay Rod, I need you to fuck me hard, I need to get off one more time, come on, do it." I said, climbing off of Rod's fuckstick and getting to my knees in the aisle, arching my back and sticking my ass out to be fucked hard. My school bus boyfriend only pumped my cunt a few times before he blew his load. I loved his cum flooding my abused cunt, but was a little disappointed I didn't have one last earth shattering orgasm.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Oh yeah, that was great baby, you always get me off so good... I know you want some more cock, so, I am going to let the rest of the boys have a go at that pussy until your bus stop." Said Rod, moving away from my upturned ass to let one of the horny teens fuck me. Thank goodness Rod had read my mind. Since I wasn't due to get off the bus for 20 minutes or so, each of the guys should be able to fuck me hard for three or 4 minutes.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Okay fuckers, that's four minutes each, pound that pussy good." I said, rubbing my pussy in anticipation of that warm; cock entering my waiting; pussy.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Don't worry guys, you can give her ten minutes each, I'll just have the bus driver pull over and give him a quick blow job, that should add a little time to the trip." Said Bridget, wanting to help me get the dick I needed, as she made her way to the front of the bus.
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could always trust Bridget to help me out when I needed it, and I really needed it. At least now I don't have to go to that God awful Park and get rough fucked by the perverts that hang out their, ah whom I kidding I'll probably still go their and get bitch fucked later on tonight. I'm such a perverted slut.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





