BDSM Library - Kelly and Katie




Kelly and Katie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Two beautiful girls have sex with each other for the first time. And it is an experience they are unlikely to forget. Especially because they are unwilling actresses in a porn movie.






Kelly and Katie

by Denise C


There were two very different ideas of Kelly. To her friends and family, she just about perfect. Kelly was possibly the most beautiful girl on the entire campus of 20,000 students. Thick black hair flowed to her shoulders. Her body was perfect with not a bit of excess fat, a perfect ass, and B/C tits that seemed to defy gravity. Slightly olive skin gave her the appearance of being something exotic. Kelly had just finished her freshman year having rushed the most prestigious sorority on campus. And she was an honors student, managing all of her business classes with a perfect 4.0. This was no small achievement at one of the 20 most selective schools in the country. But while Kelly was very smart, she cared far more about her social status than getting an education. Her perfect GPA was as much a status symbol as anything else. When she needed to, she wasn't afraid to show up at her professor's office in her hottest skirt. And it always worked, although Kelly never needed to give anything away. While not a prude, Kelly carefully protected her reputation, she had screwed only a couple of guys, both as part of a semi-serious relationship.

But to many others on her campus, Kelly was an odious figure. The less popular students saw in her almost a stereotype from a bad movie about college life. As pleasant as she was to her friends, she was nasty to anyone who happened to be ugly, studious, or worst of all, poor. She was disgusted by anyone who wasn't like her or who at least didn't want to be like her, and foreign students, gays, and lesbians were the frequent source of her derision. Perhaps she wasn't worse than many of the other rich sorority girls, but her looks seemed draw excess ire toward her. And many of her professors saw her as an entitled brat, whenever she risked a B, she quickly came by with a whine or a for a few minutes of flirting.

For her sophomore year, Kelly had decided against living in either the dorms or the sorority house. Instead, she roomed with her sorority sister and friend from high school Katie. Katie was the picture of the All-American girl next door. Brown shoulder length hair led to large C cup tits. Despite being tall, nearly 5 foot 8, she weighed only 130 pounds. While not quite as drop dead beautiful as Kelly, Katie received no shortage of attention from boys. 

Tom certainly took the second view of Kelly. Only 23, Tom was a very wealthy man, He had developed an idea for a social networking website that allowed people to show their friends in real time what they were watching on TV, what music they were listening to, etc. The idea was, of course, absurd. Who the hell wants to allow their friends to keep track of their every private detail?&nbsp; But this didn't dissuade plenty of idiot investors from briefly turning it into a half billion dollar company. But unlike many other wizkids, Tom was smart enough to realize that his firm&nbsp; was garbage. He didn't wait for the bubble to burst. Having cashed out, he was left with a cool \$75 million by the time the firm filed for bankruptcy. Tom used his wealth to start a media company which, among other things, produced a small but steady flow of porn movies. These were hardly profitable, but as a dedicated pervert, he enjoyed being able to hang around the set whenever he wanted. Too lazy to start another company, Tom was able to take a few classes at Kelly and Katie's school, where he saw them in action.
 
A third rate psychiatrist could diagnose why Tom hated Kelly in about 30 seconds. Tom had been a nerd throughout high school. He hadn't even been laid until he had made his first million. Girls like Kelly had never given him the time of day. And seeing Kelly's arrogance in action gave Tom an idea. Kelly would pay the price for everyone who had ever crossed him. She was going to be the star of his next movie. And he would make sure that she was degraded in the most traumatic way possible, and that her reputation was ruined in the most spectacular way possible. Her super cute friend Katie, seemingly attached at her hip, would be collateral damage.

The plan was simple. Break into the girl's apartment at night and extract them for a few days of fun. He tracked their twitter feeds and found that they were planning a weekend road trip together in a few weeks. Tom never understood why anyone would keep such an account public. If he could get to them before they left, then they wouldn't be missed much. Tom needed help to complete the job. This represented the plan's weakest link. So he wanted the muscle limited to just one guy. He offered the job to John, a low grade thug who had completed odd (dirty and very illegal) jobs for his old company. John had a few pluses. He was loyal, a hundred grand in cash assured that he was very unlikely to rat Tom out. And he was massive, 6 foot eight and pushing 330 pounds, an intimidating and frightening figure to anyone, much less a pair of girls that weighed only 230 pounds between them. Finally, the man was completely amoral, he simply wouldn't care about the torments that the girls would face. He had some drawbacks. He was as dumb as a mule. And he was shockingly bad as a muscle man, men 70 pounds lighter could be more than a match for him. But Tom figured that even John could handle two slight girls.

Fortunately the plan went off without a hitch. There was not much subterfuge. They went to the girls' door and knocked. When Katie answered, John had her pinned and gagged in a flash. Kelly was playing loud music in her room and soon met the same fate. The girls were bound, the car backed into the adjoining garage, and the girls placed in the car and driven to Tom's home and studio. 

Preliminaries

Tom nervously waited to make his grand entrance. The next few minutes would make or break his entire plan. Both Kelly and Katie kneeled on the concrete floor adjacent to the bedroom where the movie was to be filmed. Their bondage was identical; hands roughly handcuffed behind their backs, ankles shackled to each other, and a red ball gag filling their mouths. Both girls were, of course terrified. Katie pouted loudly, her tears flowing copiously down her once neatly made up face. Although equally scared, Kelly was quieter, spending more energy fruitlessly struggling against her bonds. Tom made sure to keep the room cold. Thanks to John, the girls were wearing only bras and panties, and both girls shivered badly which helped deepen their terror,

Now was the time for Tom to break them. If done well, both girls could then be easily led into the depraved show that he had hoped for. But if he showed any weakness, he might provoke defiance instead.

"Good evening ladies." Tom loudly said entering the room. "You are here to complete a job for me. Congratulations, you are both going to be movie stars, although it might not be the kind of movie you were hoping for. But have no doubt, you will do exactly what I ask." Tom's opening comments confused the girls as much as they terrified them.

"I have two movies planned. I don't want to give away too much but let me give you a very short overview of the first. It involves my good friend Rocco," Tom nodded toward the now renamed John. Somehow John didn't seem scary enough. It starts with him fucking both of you in your asses, sans any type of lubrication. It ends with one of you getting beaten within an inch of your life, and the other used as a human toilet, eating his and your friend's shit. I'll let you draw straws for who does what." At this, both girls screamed into their gags. 

"But the good news is I would rather use you for my other film. You see, it is hard to find young and clean girls like you; no body piercing, tats, or any of that shit. And the people love nothing more than seeing two girls like that fucking each others' brains out. So I will leave it to you. Cooperate, and you will be my new lezzie stars. Fight me, and its the other film for you. So let us see which it will be."

Tom now begin to walk toward Kelly, the calmer one. Her scared eyes glared through him as he paused while reaching for her gag. "Now Kelly, you are supposed to be the smart one. So I am going to let you choose. Think about which one you want and whether Katie would rather eat your cunt, or Rocco's crap. And I want no whining, no crap about letting you go. The only thing that you are going to say, nothing else, is which movie you want to be in. If you say anything else, I will choose and I am not sure you will like my choice. Nod if you understand."

The scared girl meekly nodded her head up and down. Taking the gag out of her mouth, Kelly worked with all her might to avoid screaming. It worked so well that several seconds passed before she managed to whisper, "the second one."

"Really." Tom exclaimed feigning surprise. "I am really surprised. I get that you are straight, but you would rather risk eating shit than fucking your friend. Well, OK, let me gag you up and Rocco will get you two set up." As Tom approached her for re-gagging, a terrified Kelly begged that she meant the first one. Tom, of course, knew that she had correctly indicated the lesbian movie, he was just fucking with her. "OK, we will do the girl-girl. But this will be the last time that I give you a break. Get your shit together. If you are not into girls, then you better learn really fast. Because I expect you to dive into each other's pussy and ass like they are an oasis in the desert." 

Tom then re-gagged a now weeping Kelly. As he seemed to leave the room, he turned back. "Oh, how could I forget, some extra motivation." He then walked over to a covered TV within the girls' sight lines. Pulling off a black sheet, the screen reveled a slender and attractive young woman bound severely to a wooden chair. A black hood covered her face. Un-muting the TV he said, "look Kelly, it is Jessica, your lovely little sister. Right now, she has a metal pole in her cunt. If we wait just a few moments, we will get a nice surprise." Just then, the woman on the TV unleashed a blood curling scream of pain. "Did I mention that Jessica's vibrator is electrified. Right now, the current is set to hurt but not injure." By now, Kelly was despondent. Her gagged screams filled the room as she watched her sister being tortured.

"Kelly, if you want Jessica to live, then shut the fuck up,';' Tom replied. Waiting for Kelly to quiet to only a dull roar, he proceeded, "You two sluts will give us the show of your lives. I am not asking for compliance, I want enthusiasm. If I even suspect that you aren't making it as hot as you can, poor little Jessica will get another shock in her pussy. And we will finish this quickly, Jessica will get no food and water until we are done. And if we are not done in 72 hours, you have my word that Rocco and I will go in there and rape her to death."

Day 1, Scene 1

The first scene of "Kelly and Katie", the movie's plain title, contained no sex. Instead it was a simple interview where the two girls were to talk about how bad they wanted to try lesbian sex, how hot they were for each other, and how exciting it would be for them to have their first time with each other on tape for the world to see. Having explained this to the girls, Tom ordered them to sit next to each other on a yellow loveseat.

Then Katie, quiet until now, asked "Uh, who do you want us to be?" Tom replied that he didn't understand the question.

"Who are our characters? What is the scene," Katie replied

"Obviously you are Katie and Kelly. Two roommates and sorority sisters who are here because you want to fuck each other on film." Tom answered.

Both girls were mortified. Both girls' minds had raced trying to calculate the odds that this horrible movie would ever be detected by anyone that they knew. Kelly protested, "no way, if we have to do this then we have to do this so nobody here finds out."

Tom cooly answered, "Kelly, that isn't up to you. I want you to be yourselves. Frankly, I don't give a shit if .your parents see this." He then casually turned on the TV. Quickly, the bound woman let out another nightmarish scream of pain. Infuriated, Kelly charged Tom only to be easily collected by "Rocco." With her friend pinned against the couch, Katie interjected, "OK, we will do it, but no more shocks." Tom retorted, "shocks, and much worse, will continue unless you two sluts start cooperating."

It took several hours and three shocks to Jessica, each which then required allowing the girls to calm down, but Tom got what he wanted. The first takes were generally useless. But he managed to splice together an interview which seemed normal if somewhat robotic. This wasn't good enough. At last he managed to get enough takes strung together where the viewer saw two bubbly and authentic girls talking about sex. Kelly started. Tom made Kelly dress up in simple jeans and a sweatshirt bearing the three Greek letters of her beloved sorority. The topic was all the dirty things she wanted to do to her various sorority sisters.

Tom: "We are going to play a game. I am going to list 5 sex acts. Then you tell me which of your sisters you would choose to do it with. Tell me why. And to make it fun, you cannot list the same girl more than once. And you obviously can't mention Katie, since you will get to do most of them with her in just a little while."

Kelly: "Sounds hot."

Tom: "Lets begin with the obvious one. Whose pussy do you eat?"

At Tom's insistence, Kelly answered: "Definitely Megan. The entire rush, I couldn't stop sneaking peaks at her body. And I can't really say why, but I just kept thinking about how much I wanted to eat her out. I just would love to find out how she smells and tastes."

Megan was the president of the sorority, a position that Kelly still hoped to obtain in two years. Being forced to talk about oral sex with her turned Kelly's stomach.

Tom: "I am sure Megan would like that. Now Katie, lets have you answer on Kelly's behalf for the next one. Who would you like to see eat Kelly's ass?."

The viewer would never know, but Katie, more malleable, answered this question a full hour in real time before Kelly confessed her desire to eat the sorority president's box. `Mmm, I think Karen." Asked why, Katie added, "she is such a downer, always getting other people in trouble for drinking too much at a mixer or making out on the bus. I think tossing Kelly's salad would be good for her, and super hot."

This was excruciating for the girls. Karen was the standards chair of the house, in charge of correcting inappropriate behavior, which probably included staring in a porn flick where a girl confesses her desires to commit deviant sex acts with her sisters.. The girls went on to discuss how Kelly would like to drink Emily's piss, she being the only varsity athlete in the sorority, how she would like to strap on fuck Tonya, her "little sister," a type of mentoring relationship, and how she would like to be double penetrated by Clarice and Gabrielle, the house's token black and hispanic.

The interview continued for another twenty minutes, each girl talking about her secret lesbian desires. It ended with the following exchange.

Tom: "So Kelly, when did you know that you wanted Katie?"

Kelly: "One Sunday, she came home from riding." Her riding pants were so tight. It made her pussy look amazing. Obviously I had been thinking a lot about girls, but right there I knew that I wanted her more than anything."

Tom: "And Katie, what made you decide to film your first times?"

Katie. "I just love the idea of complete strangers getting off watching us."

Tom: "Don't you worry that your friends could see this?"

Katie: "A little. But there is so much porn out there, that is pretty unlikely, And if they do, they would have to admit they watched it for word to get out, and I can't see that happening. Plus, I kind of like the idea of having people over, knowing that there is a small chance that they have seen me and Kelly together."

Tom wanted the girls fresh for the morning. But he knew they would have trouble sleeping knowing what was expected of the in the morning. So he had John pin each down in turn while he injected them with enough sleeping aids to sedate a horse. Each girl was handcuffed to a cot; neither stirred for 9 hours.

Day 2, Scene 1

When morning came, each girl was given breakfast. Kelly refused to eat and threw her plate on the floor. A good shock to her sister found her quickly cleaning up he mess and eating every last bit. The first humiliation of the day soon followed. Each girl was told to shower, taking care to carefully shave all areas, especially their pussies. Kelly kept her snatch mostly bare with only a triangle of pubic hair above her clit. Katie's pussy had some hair on her outer lips. Tom ordered her to shave that off. Despite their protests, Tom and Rocco watched carefully as they shaved and showered. The earlier shock to Jessica kept both of them in line.

Finally the time came for some sex. Kelly and Katie were led to the next room. The idea was simple, the girls would undress each other and proceed to have sex on the bed. For now, Tom was content to settle for pussy eating. The idea was to build them up to more perverted acts over the weekend. It would be a lot easier for Kelly to go down on her best friend's ass after she had ate her pussy than to do so right away.

Tom wanted a long seduction and this part of the scene went pretty quickly. Although both girls were scared and mortified, to a viewer this came off as innocent nervousness. Tom made them kiss for a long time. He then made them feel each others' tits and ass up, over their clothes. Finally, Kelly haltingly removed Katie's simple brown sundress. She tried to mentally go to a different place as Tom ordered her to slowly remove Katie's C cup bra and spend several minutes sucking on her tits. But her relative cooperation came to an abrupt halt when Tom told her that the time had come for her to take off Katie's lacy white panties and get to work on her pussy. Kelly immediately broke down, "I'm sorry, I can't, please don't hurt Jessica."

Tom was prepared for this. In fact, he had expected this resistance earlier in the session. He spoke into his phone, "whip the bitch." Turning on the TV, there was the bound woman. But now a stern looking man, previously unseen, came into the picture." Taking a bullwhip, he began to flog the poor girl's tits. A scream, hoarser but not as loud as her earlier ones filled the room. 

"How many times do I have to make this clear. If you want to quit just say so. But that bitch sister of yours won't make it out alive. And we don't need you to cooperate for the other movie. So just say the word cunt."

Weeping, Kelly said nothing. Tom then added "Now you have ten minutes to pull yourself together. Then one of two things is going to happen. Either you will get to work fucking your roomie. Or we will start your anal rape scene with Rocco."

The threat had the desired effect. Twenty minutes later, a delay was needed because Kelly had to be fixed up, the camera rolled again. The first ten minutes were useless. Kelly, silently wanting to die, took off Katie's panties only to sheepishly peck around Katie's thighs and cunt. And while her dry lips occasionally made contact with Katie's cunt lips, she couldn't bring herself to stick around. And she never opened her eyes. Katie had been more pliable throughout the day. But her face turned beet red as Kelly began working&nbsp; around her crotch. She was unaroused. And worse than having the world able to see her privates, her best friend was being made to give her oral sex. What would she do if anyone she knew ever saw this?

Tom wasn't too concerned. He expected it to take a while before they got anything worth keeping. But he voiced fake displeasure with the girls. "Katie, put your panties back on, we are doing this again. Kelly, you will eat this pussy and you will do it with enthusiasm. And you will look it at as if it is the hottest thing you have ever seen. So would you rather poke around there for hours, or would you rather get a move on. And Katie, I don't care that you like boys. You will get into this. We are not stopping until you cum in your friend's mouth."

On the fifth take, and after a shock to Jessica, Kelly was finally able to meet Tom's demand. The viewers would see a gorgeous girl wantonly but nervously, tasting pussy for the first time. Tom shouted commands in the background, "open your eyes," "lick using slow strokes up and down," "tell her how good she tastes," and worst of all "get your tongue as deep in her as you can." Having finally been convinced of the benefits of good effort, Kelly complied. Katie said very little, her eyes were closed much of the time. Tom didn't mind. He knew that even an unwilling girl would eventually cum from cunnilingus and Katie's silence until that point would give the moment effect. And after about 30 minutes, it happened. Katie gasped slightly and began squirming. It was a rarity in porn, a genuine female orgasm on film. Tom was thrilled, Katie less so. After cumming, she was immediately ashamed. And while she had been fairly composed until this point, her body's betrayal brought the day's first tears from her. Kelly too knew what had happened. Her best friend had just came in her mouth. Although there was no fluid or change in taste, Kelly was repelled. She dashed to the corner of the room and threw up.

Tom couldn't help but chuckle. The room, and both girls, were a mess. "Well, I think its time for a lunch break. But Katie, I am sure a good friend like you can't wait to return the favor."

Neither Katie nor Kelly could not make eye contact with each other as they were forced to eat lunch with Tom and Rocco. Tom amused himself by making smalltalk, absurd under the circumstances. After an hour, as is he were commenting on the weather, Tom said "OK, lets get you two cleaned up. Then Katie, get naked, we are going to pick up where we left off. Katie, you are going to take Kelly's clothes off one piece at a time. When you get her naked, tell her that you want to lay on your back, stick your tongue out, and have her ride your face. Make sure you say `fuck my face.' Kelly, be a little rough, we are not going to stop until you cum for real."

This would be a lot easier for Kelly than eating Katie. And Katie was temporarily broken and put up little fight. Tom threatened to, but didn't have to shock Jessica. It only took three takes. Katie began by unbuttoning Kelly's yellow blouse. She quickly removed her roommate's bra and licked, at Tom's urging, between her tits for a few minutes. She then undid Kelly's blue jeans to reveal a black thong that was about the size of a eye patch. Soon these were off, Katie told Kelly to fuck her face, and Kelly began to move toward her face. At Tom's suggestion, Kelly said "I want to be this way so I can see your pussy," as she positioned her thighs against the sides of Katie's face so that she was facing toward her feet. Tom thought that it would be hotter if Kelly's asshole was brushing against Katie's nose. 

Kelly tried to imagine that she was somewhere else with her ex-boyfriend while she did this hideous act. But as soon as she had some success, Tom would say something to snap her back to reality. First Kelly had to play with her tits. Tom then ordered her to insist that Kelly finger herself while she ate. Katie dutifully complied. She was disgusted. She felt like she was being smothered by Kelly's pussy, which was far wetter than hers had become when Kelly ate her. And she couldn't believe that she was in frequent contact with Kelly's asshole.

Tom insisted that Kelly roughly ride Katie's face. Inevitably, she eventually tensed up with an involuntary orgasm. Kelly was more realistic than Katie, she better understood that that type of tactile sensation would always elicit a response. She dismounted Katie as the camera zoomed to show Katie's face, covered in her best friend's juices.

The next few hours were spent filming more oral sex. Having broken that barrier, both girls were more put together than earlier and it moved much faster. Both girl's were forced to eat each other from behind, Katie had to eat Kelly on her back, and Katie rode Kelly's face, albeit looking away from Kelly's feet. With so much footage, Tom would easily put together enough minutes where the two girls seemed to be enjoying themselves, even if they often seemed robotic and occasionally their disgust came through. Finally before dinner, Tom demanded that they do a 69. Tom insisted that Kelly be on the bottom.

As they broke for a dinner break, Tom said "Kelly, did you like being on the bottom where you could really see Katie's asshole?" Kelly was complying out of duress, but she still had some fighting spirit, "Not really, the whole thing is gross, like you." Tom laughed, "well that is too bad. Because after dinner. You are going to eat Katie's ass." Even though analingus had come up during the interview scene and even though Tom had mentioned it other times, it hadn't seemed to register. The girls stood speechless, looking at each other for one of the few times since the sex had begun. Katie then spoke, trying a new tactic, "I really don't think anyone would want to see that." This struck Tom as hilarious, "Actually I am pretty sure there are few things that red blooded American guys would rather see than the two of you doing some serious anal play. Now come on, dinner is waiting. You know what is for dessert." The girls meekly followed Rocco's threatening gaze into the dining room. 

Day 2, Scene 2

Tom had the girls shower again. This time, Katie would go first. Things moved pretty fast. Katie had to repeat the initial contact with Kelly's asshole three times before it looked convincing. She didn't show as much enthusiasm as Tom would like, limiting herself to simple rimming and a few harder strokes. But Tom didn't mind. He really wanted to see Kelly's tongue deeply probing Katie's ass, not vice-versa. Katie ate Kelly's ass from behind and with Kelly on her back with her feet near her head. Then the time came to switch.

Things went well for a while. Kelly was becoming an old hand at seductively undressing her friend. But as the time neared for her to put her mouth on Katie's asshole, the long day of rape and humiliation finally caught up with her. "Fuck you you piece of shit. Do what you want, I am not doing this. Its fucking unhealthy."

Tom realized that this was a more serious moment than Kelly's earlier show of resistance. He nodded his head toward Rocco who deliberately charged Kelly before delivering two upper cuts to her abdomen. The slight girl immediately hit the floor, doubled over and struggling for air. Tom kneeled down beside her, and almost in a whisper spoke, "You stupid bitch. How many times do I have to make it clear that you don't really have a choice? Now think about this. One way or the other, all that tape of you eating her pussy is going public. Now you can either eat some ass, or you the next scene will consist of you taking it in the ass, followed by Rocco hitting you not twice, but two hundred times. And not just in your belly, but all over that pretty face of yours." Standing and walking away he added, "You eat ass in 5 minutes, get your shit together."

Kelly didn't fight back again that night. But it still took several hours for them to finish the scene. Tom insisted that she "get that tongue as far in Katie's ass as she could." Kelly, exhausted, did her best. After a few minutes, she managed to wiggle her tongue inside Katie's anus. It was horrible. The bitter taste reminded her exactly where she was. Tears ran down her face as she complied with Tom's demands to move her tongue in a long circular motion. After a few minutes, Tom interrupted, "cut, Kelly, you are wasting our time. We are starting again from scratch. We will go all night until you probe that ass and love it." Tom was finally satisfied after the sixth tape. Having filmed ten minutes of this probing, Kelly broke off of Katie's asshole and kissed her mouth deeply. The scene ended with Kelly saying, "that was heaven."

The girls were exhausted. But Tom once again knew that sleep wouldn't come easy sandwiched between two full days of forced lesbianism. He had a needlessly evil plan in mind. First, Kelly was strapped naked to her cot, her head put on a pillow, and handcuffs connecting her ankles and wrists to each corner. Kelly was given the sleeping concoction, but in capsule form. Katie was then forced on top of Kelly in a forced 69 position, and she too was bonded to the bed. Katie was injected with the sleep aid. "With you two having so much fun together, I thought I would let you spend the night like this." Being taller than Kelly, Katie's pussy and ass were harshly pressed against Kelly's face. The lights were turned off. Powerless against the drug, Katie was out cold in 5 minutes. Kelly had to wait 30 long minutes for her drugs to take effect.&nbsp; 

Day 3, Scene 1

Tom, "So Kelly, you want to do some pretty nasty things today."

Kelly, "Yesterday was really awesome. All of last night when I was trying to sleep I couldn't seem to get away from Katie's body."

Tom, "So tell her what you told me before she arrived this morning."

Kelly, "Well, it is a little embarrassing. But I would really like to have Katie pee in my mouth."

Katie, "Holy shit, are you serious?"

Kelly, "I know it seems really dirty. But right now I want anything that comes from your pussy."

Katie, "OK, but you have to eat me out first."

Tom, "Wow, I can't wait to see this. Katie, I know that Kelly already knows what it is. But for the camera, what do you want Katie to do to you today."

Katie, "I was looking around online. A lot of lesbians, they like to have their girlfriend work their entire fist into their pussy. But they save that for someone really special. So I want Kelly to do it to me."

A viewer would see two girls, unlikely to win an Oscar, but seemingly enthusiastic enough. They wouldn't see the threats, shocks to Jessica, and retakes needed to make the girls agree to these things, and for them to get through the interview scene. Tom had told them that if they worked hard, they had a chance of finishing the movie that day.

Day 3, Scene 2

Even though it was just past lunch, Tom wanted the pissing scene acted as if it were late at night with the girls coming home after a formal. Both girls were dressed in flashy and slutty dresses, a sharp contrast from the everyday clothes that they wore at the start of yesterday's scene. Nice girls might fuck each other, but they didn't drink piss. Tom made sure they looked the part. Under her black dress, Kelly wore a red corset connected with suspenders to black thigh high stockings. A red and black thong covered her freshly shaved pussy. Katie wore only a bra under her blue dress, a long slit to one side revealing a flash of her cunt under just the right circumstances to a careful viewer.

The girls, for some reason, had not slept well and they didn't have a lot of fight in them for the scene. Kelly had resigned herself to performing the disgusting act, desperately hoping that the end of the nightmare neared. Katie felt weightless. She was far more preoccupied with the later scene where Kelly was scheduled to work her entire fist in her.

The girls kissed for some time. First Katie, then Kelly slipped her friend's dress over her head revealing the lingerie, or lack thereof, underneath. "Are you sure that you want this, asked Katie." A nervous looking Kelly replied "I'm a little scared but I need this." While this dialogue took three takes, the pussy eating that followed was the first time that Kelly was able to feign enthusiasm on her first try. Laying on her back, Kelly ate Katie as the latter girl's thighs held her head in the right position. After about ten minutes, Katie came, "Are you ready?" Katie asked. Kelly nervously said that she was.

Katie tried but just couldn't do it. Pissing in someone's mouth is just not a natural act and the body almost instinctively clenches up and prevents it. After a full 2 minutes, Katie nervously looked at Tom, afraid of the consequences that would follow her failure. "Jesus Christ, are so so dumb that you forgot how to piss? I bet you are just looking for an excuse to keep Kelly down there. I think you are loving every second of this. As soon as you can, I bet you rub yourself off to this movie." Katie had, so far, been the more pliable girl of the two. But this insult finally sparked some fight into her, "fuck you," she screamed at Tom. At this Rocco began to move toward her. Katie immediately cowered and Rocco halted. "Come with me", Tom said. He led her to the bathroom where he forced her to unleash a few drops of pee before stopping. "Now hold it until Kelly is ready."

Kelly, yet again, had to eat her friend. Tom really didn't need this footage, it would have been easy enough to splice Katie's previous cum, which was real, with the eventual pissing. But he liked the idea of Kelly paying for Katie's failure.

This time, Katie had no trouble pissing. But what neither girl knew is that it is very hard to drink a steady stream of piss. Overwhelmed, Katie's yellow piss flowed out of Kelly's mouth, all over her face, saturating her hair. Kelly tried to drink it but only managed a couple half-mouthfuls of the foul liquid.

The next 15 minutes of movie took some encouraging, poor Jessica had to be whipped and shocked again. Covered in her friend's acrid piss, Kelly stood up and walked into the adjacent bathroom, returning with a cup of water. Handing it to Katie, "I want to get this right, tell me when you are ready again." Kelly then leaned against a chair, pulled her panties aside and began masturbating while Katie's body prepared for the next effort.

Tom was really surprised, and a little disappointed that the girls got it right on the next effort. He had fully expected the first take to end with a piss drenched Kelly and thought the next few would as well. But Katie's piss was much milder on the second try and she wisely pissed in short spurts while allowing Kelly time to swallow. Each mouthful was met with a grunt or gasp from Kelly, it seemed much more like she was doing heavy lifting instead of drinking a half soda can of liquid. But the act was so foul that she violently contracted her abs with each swallow. When it was over, Kelly was ordered to open her mouth for the camera, lick her lips and tell Katie, "that was wonderful. I hope you will sneak into my room sometime when you need to pee." She then giggled and added, "I should probably shower,"

Day 3, Scene 3

Tom was surprised by the question, "you want what?". Katie reiterated that she would like some painkillers for the next scene. "No, I don't think so. This one is very simple. Kelly, here is a bottle of lube. We go until you get your fist into Katie's box and then lick her to orgasm. If you do it right, we can be done in half an hour. Or we can go all night." Kelly had no idea how this was going work. 

Tom wanted the girls both totally naked for the scene. Katie laid back and spread her legs, giving Kelly clear access to her pussy. Kelly was smart enough to figure out how to get started. Using ample lube, she first inserted one, then two, and then three fingers into Katie. At this point, Katie was as full as she had ever been, but she didn't have any great difficulty with this amount of penetration. "I am going to put another in, OK?" Kelly asked. Not waiting for an answer, she started, earning an uncomfortable grunt from her friend. Now Kelly was at a loss. She couldn't even get the four fingers in to the second knuckle. How the hell was she going to get her fist in there?

Katie was inexperienced sexually and this much penetration was hard on her. As Kelly continued to push four fingers in and out of her pussy, she began to perspire. But the going was getting a little easier. Kelly then switched gears and went for the whole thing. But by making her fist outside of Katie, her efforts were hopeless. Despite using much more lube, she couldn't get her fist past even Katie's outer lips. This was uncomfortable for Katie, but such a failure that there wasn't too much pain.

Finally, Kelly realized that she would have to form her fist inside Katie's pussy. She started to finger Katie with four fingers, this time each lying flat with her thumb tucked in. And soon enough she was fucking Katie up to the point of where her thumb hit Katie's vaginal lips. For Katie, what followed was the hardest part. Kelly struggled to get her thumb inside Katie. But Katie's pussy was already stretched far beyond its previous volume and the going was tough, slow, and painful. But persistence paid off and, almost at once, Kelly's hand slid inside Kelly to her wrist. The girls looked at each other in surprise. Katie's forehead was covered in sweat but Kelly's entire hand wasn't as uncomfortable as she expected.

After a few moments, Kelly formed a fist. She struggled to move it much. The camera panned to Katie's face; she was clearly on another planet. An eager viewer could imagine that she was in ecstasy but Katie truly melt a mix of shock and fear of being seen in such a vulgar position. Tom reminded Kelly of what was expected and she began flicking Katie's clit with her tongue. After 15 minutes, Katie endured an other involuntary orgasm. Kelly was surprised how easy it was to unclench her fist and take it out of Katie. Once complete, the camera zoomed in on Katie's now gaping cunt.

Day 3, Scene 4

Tom was now ready to film the grand finale. It began with a staged interview, he loved how humiliating these were turning out to be. Tom wouldn't tell the girls what the scene entailed. This turned Kelly's stomach in knots. Katie began to wonder if they were going to make it out alive, what could be worse than the humiliations of earlier in the day? Only murder came to her mind.

But the girl's exhaustion and desire to end their ordeal made them cooperative. The interview began, the girls looking pretty convincing to the viewer.

Tom: "So Kelly, you have a big surprise for Katie. But you don't want me to tell her until we are just about ready to start?"

Kelly: "Its something I have been scared of, but kind of want to try. So I want her to be the one. I am so glad that I followed through on drinking her piss, and I know that I won't regret this. But I want her to help me make sure that I go through with it."

Katie: "I don't get it."

Kelly: "I want you to handcuff me to the bed, face down. Then gag me. Then Tom will tell you what to do. And remember that I really want this, don't stop."

Kelly thought about fighting back. Whatever Tom had in mind, it was even worse than the pissing, analingus, and fisting. And his devilish grin only served to further terrify her. But she knew it was futile.

Katie was wearing a white bra and stockings set with a tiny thong to match. She took her time removing Kelly's sweater and skirt. Kissing Kelly's neck, she next unstrapped her bra. Finally, she dropped to her knees and slowly slid Kelly's panties off. She then took Kelly's hand and led her to a twin bed. A trembling Kelly followed Tom's demand that she get on her hands and knees. Katie then positioned two pillows under her stomach and one under her head. She walked to a cabinet and collected four pairs of handcuffs. Carefully, she tightly connected each of Kelly's wrists and ankles to the bed. Finally, she came to the head of the bed and removed her thong. Following orders, she stuffed her underwear into her roommate's mouth and followed it up by putting the red ball gag into her mouth.

Katie anxiously awaited instructions. "Now Katie, there is something on the desk. Put it on." Katie collected the strap on, 7 inches long and quite thick. She had never seen one before. It took a few tries for her to put it on correctly. Kelly still had no idea what was to come. Katie was actually relieved, this didn't seem as bad as some of the other acts she had been forced to engage in.

Tom usually hated toys. He thought that the image of two gay-for-pay girls strap on fucking each other was as boring as porn got. But he really wanted to see what was coming next. Kelly needed to get fucked very hard. He would have done it, but he didn't want to risk leaving his DNA for the police to find while undermining the alleged premise of the movie. And he certainly didn't want to see Rocco naked.

"OK Katie. There is some lube in the desk drawer. Put it on your girlfriend and your toy. Then I want to you fuck Kelly's ass."

At this, Kelly screamed, Katie's panties and the gag acted to make it only moderately audible. And Katie froze, she hadn't expected this. Tom saw her hesitation, "Katie, Kelly is going to get fucked in her ass. If you won't do it then we will. And this way, you two and Jessica get to go home when you are done."

Katie sheepishly approached her friend. Tom added some friendly advice, "and remember that we are going get 10 minutes of a really hard fucking. So the best thing that you can for her do is to get at it and not waste time."

And so it began. Katie made sure to apply generous lube. But where she erred was believing Tom's advice. Rather than working the dildo into Kelly's asshole slowly, and holding it there to allow her to relax, Katie did no better than an overeager teenage boy. Her approach was just to push until she achieved penetration. With great force, she managed to force the tip of the dildo inside Kelly's backdoor. Kelly grunted and cried in pain, the effects of which were greatly reduced by her gag. And she responded to the pain by tightening her muscles in a desperate attempt to remove the dildo. But then Katie responded by pushing harder. And as the strap on was forced in to its hilt, it seemed as if Kelly's eyes might pop out of her head. 

Katie continued to heed Tom's advice and aggressively hammered away at Katie's ass. If not for having seen the depraved girl eat ass and drink piss, the viewer would have a hard time buying that she really wanted this. For about 8 minutes she writhed, screamed, and grunted. It was, by far, the worst pain of her life. Eventually Kelly was exhausted. And her anal muscles mercifully relaxed somewhat. Each thrust from Katie was now met with just a quieter grunt. At this point, Tom ordered Katie to slowly pull her strap on out of Kelly's ass. 

Tom then gave the final set of instructions. As awful as they were, his threat that they would do the whole scene again if he was not satisfied was enough to get Kelly on board. Katie walked to the head of the bed and removed Kelly's gag. Speechless, Katie grabbed Kelly's hair and pulled so that her mouth was brought against the strap on's head. Kelly then obediently took the foul toy in her mouth, barely managing to resist the desperate urge to puke. She fellated the toy for two minutes, gagging as she worked to clean its base. Finally, it was its original purple again. Kelly then looked at Katie smiled, and uttered the film's last words, "I love you." 

As the girls regained their composure, and Katie freed Kelly, Tom briefly left the room. Returning, he threw each of them a set of their freshly laundered clothes. "Time to go home." Katie seemed confused while her roommate just lied on the bed in exhaustion. "What now?" Katie asked. "We are going to drop you off at your apartment and you do whatever the fuck it is that you do. I get the movie put together. I know you can't wait, but it will take a few days," Tom answered. Suddenly frantic, Kelly added, "and Jessica is OK?" Smirking, Tom responded ""Call your parents' house. How the fuck would I know?" Again, the girls seemed confused. "Oh that. That was just some clip I found on some European bondage website. I have never even seen your sister. Didn't you notice that the shock always caused exactly the same sound and reaction?"

Neither girl expected the final act of their ordeal; tax forms. But Tom made sure that they dutifully filled them out so that he could pay them for their 8 hours of labor. He also made sure to collect the standard forms verifying that they were over 17. He was, after all, a reputable producer. After taxes, each girl was left with a $46.18 check for a job well done.

The Immediate Aftermath

Tom dropped the girls off at their apartment. The girls immediately made their fatal mistake. Had they gone to the police right away, there was a decent chance that their claims would have been taken seriously. Kelly's ass and Katie's pussy were pretty torn up, and a doctor would doubt that the girls would have consented to such a brutal act. And quick police action might allow the police to identify Tom (the girls didn't know him from Adam and would only identify him after the movie was posted online) and possibly catch him before he could post the video. Tom was not a career criminal and his plan was far from foolproof. But the girls waited, desperately hoping that the film would not make its way into their circle. Within a weak, their bodies had healed and with it the only objective evidence against Tom was gone forever. But even then, there was a chance that they would be listened to if they went to the police before the movie was made public. But still they waited. And soon thereafter, Tom posted the video, making it freely available on as many websites as he could. And from that point on, nearly everyone saw the girls' subsequent rape claims as a desperate effort to countermand the public response to the twisted movie.

It took about 3 days for word of the movie to make it to campus. Some anonymous guy, cruising the many tubes of the internets for porn, came across it. It wasn't hard for him to know it was Kelly and Katie, Tom had helpfully included their real last names in the subtitles. Maybe he was the first student from the university to see it or maybe he was just the first to tell his friends. But jet planes travel slower than word of this video and within 48 hours it was the story of the decade on campus. Kelly and Katie were probably responsible for more male orgasms than every other girl on campus combined that semester. There was nothing else like it. While a small number of other films showed girls as hot as Kelly and Katie fucking each other, none of them included the extreme sex scenes of "Kelly and Katie."

Kelly first learned that the video was out from Megan, the sorority president whose pussy she had expressed a desire to eat in the video's first scene. It wasn't a pleasant conversation. Megan described Kelly, to her face, as "disgusting," "repulsive," and a "disgrace to the house," Kelly left the sorority house in shame, and both her and Katie were unanimously expelled within hours from the sorority. Nobody seemed to take their protests seriously. Real rape victims wouldn't have waited.

Several mens' houses held viewing parties. The loudest cheers were heard when the once proud but fallen Kelly was seen drinking piss straight from Katie's pussy. And the girls' classmates debated which was the most fucked up scene. Everyone agreed that while Katie was clearly a dirty slut, Kelly was much more spectacularly depraved. But opinion split on whether the pissing scene or ass to mouth scene was more raunchy. Women tended to pretend that they had no interest in watching, but many did in private. Rival sorority girls tended to especially enjoy the interview where Kelly confessed her desires to do all sorts of perverted things with her sisters.

The girls briefly tried to ride out the storm. But both found the mixture of explicit insults and silent mockery overwhelming. Every gesture was seen as a reference to the movie, and sometimes they really were. For Kelly, the last straw was when she found out that some of the fraternities had begun referring to toilets as "Kellys." She quit school and moved back in with her parents right away. Kelly lasted three days longer. Walking across campus, she saw the university president turn in recognition as she walked by, She realized that she would never be able to escape the movie and that to students, faculty, administrators, and even janitors, she would just be Katie from "Kelly and Katie." She too dropped out.

Kelly's parents never actually said they didn't believe her. But their actions made it clear that they were patronizing her, at best, when she claimed victimhood. Her wealthy father hardly talked to her anymore. And her mother made it clear that now "wasn't the right time" for her to go to school elsewhere." And the right time to go back to school was clearly not prior to the heat death of the universe. Kelly's parents preferred that she never leave the house, she had become an embarrassment to the family. It was also clear that she no longer enjoyed their previously generous financial support.

Two Months Later

On a cold January morning, Kelly met with an assistant district attorney. She came to ask that Tom be charged with kidnapping and many different sexual offenses, enough to lock him up for life. After a few minutes of small talk, the DA began:

"Kelly, this office only initiates criminal proceedings when we believe that there is a good chance that we can make the case beyond a reasonable doubt. I have looked at your case. I have spoke with Tom, and several employees at his studio. I have asked for cut footage from the film and an hour of it. I am afraid there is no evidence to proceed in this case."

Kelly responded with anger: "So you are just going to let him walk free with this. My family doesn't believe me. I can't go back to school. My reputation is ruined. And you are saying this just didn't happen?"

"I am not saying whether or not it did. Think about what would happen even if this did go to trial. You would have to sit there as the jury watched every minute of that movie. And they are going to see you, looking to all the world like you are enjoying it, and..."

At this Kelly turned red. Raising her voice: "I promise you I wasn't enjoying it."

"Again, I am only describing what the jury would see." The DA replied. "And he can afford the best defense attorneys in the state. There is no chance of a conviction. And all you would get is the added indignity of having to sit through what is, in essence, a public viewing of the film."

The assistant district attorney wasn't lying, he had carefully reviewed the case. In fact he had rubbed one out that morning while scrutinizing the evidence. Like pretty much everyone else, he was sure that Kelly's rape claims were sour grapes over the reaction to the tape. The other girl, Katie, hadn't even been willing to discuss the matter with him. The girls had simply been foolish to believe that the video would never make it back to the campus community.

Dejected and livid, Kelly left the office. 

Two Years Later

The professor arrived at his office about 15 minutes before his scheduled appointment with a student named Julie. It was a horrible school. He found most of his students to be both lazy and stupid. When a student had only one of those attributes, he was a relative all-star. It was located in the middle of nowhere with long winters and little to do. He loved living near the ocean, but the nearest shore was over a thousand miles away. But the academic job market was brutal and this was the best he could do.

But this student was a rare delight. He didn't know her terribly well. But she was clearly very smart. She worked very hard even though she could have earned A's with little effort. There was something else about her, she seemed desperate to please as if she had never received positive feedback in her life. She was also beautiful. The professor wondered about her background, why was she at this hellhole of a school?, was there something tragic in her background? 

Julie had made the appointment to ask the professor if he would act as a reference for several scholarship applications that she was planning to complete over the upcoming break. Unlike almost every other student on campus, she wasn't going home, she was instead using the free time to work extra hours at both of her two part time jobs. 

Julie, the former Kelly, left the building. A few students tried to hand her some fliers for a party. She ignored them. She didn't have time for such nonsense. This was the only school to offer her financial aid in any real amount. Her father's income had eliminated that possibility at most other places. Even with this aid, she still had to work 6 nights a week to pay the bills. 

The professor watched from his office window as Julie, bundled against the cold, walked away from his building. He gathered that she had some type of bad home situation. He guessed that she was probably from a very poor and broken family. She probably came to this awful college because attending seemed as impossible to her as Harvard seems to most high school students. She was probably staying on campus over break because she had nowhere else to go.

He liked her. She was so much more business like and serious than his other students, and she didn't waste time flirting with him like most other attractive female undergrads. She seemed the perfect student: smart, diligent, and pulling herself up by her own bootstraps. He hoped that she could escape this terrible place.

Six Years Later

Katie faced another hard day, just one of many that she had endured since that awful day when Tom knocked at her door. Her parents were much more supportive than Kelly's, and she had tried to make it in her hometown for a while. But she eventually decided that it was best to head west and start over. Like so many girls short on money in L.A., she soon found herself auditioning for modeling jobs. And as is often the case, this led her into a career in porn.

At first Katie earned good money. She was young, beautiful, and fresh. And in a sick way, her experience with Kelly made it easier for her to fuck on tape. But miserable with her lot, Katie developed an expensive drug habit and most of her earnings went up her nose and into her arms.

Now, Katie was no longer a hot item in the industry. The drugs and hard years made her look 15 years older than she actually was, and she was all but washed up. The money was less and less, while the scenes were more and more extreme. Nobody would pay her for simple girl-girl anymore, she had to be willing to do much worse than the still pretty girls, and at a fraction of the price.

On this day, Katie would make OK money, her best in a few months. But the movie was a low grade production about triple penetrations and Katie was to be the latest star of the "Airtight Girls," series. All three cocks were huge. Katie would have to take all three in her ass, and it was clear there would be quite a bit of ass to mouth. So Kelly self-medicated. She took a handful of muscle relaxers to help with the anal. This had never been her strong suit but as her options dwindled she had to take the offers that came her way. She tended to clench up when taken in the ass, which made the pain much worse. And to cope with the psychological trauma of yet another in an endless series of new lows, she added the flavor of the week in recreational drugs.

As the scene progressed, Katie was almost like a ragdoll. Soon, she was taking all three guys at once. And then, the mixture of drugs in her blood interacting toxically, her heart simply stopped. It took nearly half a minute for anyone to even notice.

Epilogue

The old man walked down the busy street, keeping several yards behind the man he was following. He knew that these were among his last minutes as a free man but did not care. He had already lost everything that mattered. His wife was dead of cancer. And he was bankrupt, his financial resources exhausted from several futile attempts to rescue his only child from the depths of drugs and a life in porn. And while these efforts had not been enough to save her, he had come to realize that she was telling the truth when she insisted that her first movie, the one that started her long painful slide, had been against her will. And so while the toxicologist had ruled her ignominious death an accidental drug overdose, aided by the physical stress of the work she was performing at the moment of her death, the old man considered it murder. And Tom was the culprit.

Tapping his prey on the shoulder, the old man asked, "Are you Tom?." And as Tom said yes, and turned to face the old man, he pulled a pistol from his coat pocket, aimed at Tom's heart, and fired. Tom died immediately.

There were about 50 eyewitnesses. But that was no matter. The old man wasn't trying to get away with it. In fact, he hoped that a high profile arrest and trial might give him a platform where he could try to salvage something of his daughter's lost reputation. Her acting career and humiliating death were the stuff of legend among those that grew up anywhere near her. The world needed to know that it wasn't her fault, that she had really always been a good girl. But none of the witnesses wanted to be a hero and they all immediately fled. A few seconds later, the area around the dead man was eerily quiet. The old man was tired. He walked over to a nearby bench, calmly sat down, and pulled out a picture of his late daughter. It had been taken many years ago, when she was in high school, still beautiful with the whole world there for the taking. Staring at the photo, tears ran down his face as the police sirens came closer and closer.

The End






Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Denise C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





