BDSM Library - True Expressions of Passion...and Control




True Expressions of Passion...and Control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A true account of what happened to me Thursday. May 24th, 2012






"Hey Veris.&nbsp; I heard what you did with M the other day, and I'm wondering if you'd be the most amazing sex I've ever had too."

"Well, darlin', that depends on what you heard."

"M said you were the best sex she's ever had, and you were respectful too."

"Hmm, that sounds about right.&nbsp; Did she mention anything else?&nbsp; Details perhaps?"

"No, but I've been burning with curiosity...um...will YOU tell me what you did with her?"

*chuckle*&nbsp; "Since she's gone and spilled the beans anyway, I suppose details, for your ears only, wouldn't hurt."

"Ok."

"I walked out to meet her along the road, which took about 35 mins to get to her location.&nbsp; We hugged, and then walked down towards her place.&nbsp; There is a field along the way that looked quite promising.&nbsp; It was out of sight from the road, and down a low-grade slanted hill, with a few trees that I eyed speculatively.&nbsp; As she was walking ahead of me, and we reached a sufficient distance from the road, I reached out, grabbed the back of her hair, stepped forward, and, curling my right arm around her waist to catch her, swung her backwards, tripping her across my outstretched leg, and dropping her to the soft earth below us&nbsp; I landed on top of her, softly, but without knocking the wind from her.&nbsp; I caught both of her tiny wrists in my right hand, and lifted them above her head, pinning them against the ground, while I bent over, and kissed her passionately for a few minutes, our tongues probing and wrestling.

With my left hand, I yanked her stretch pants down to her ankles, and her shirt up to her neck, still keeping her hands pinned.&nbsp; I began slowly teasing her skin with my fingertips, occasionally slapping her flat-chested nipples with my fingertips, so there was a small sting.&nbsp; She moaned out, "Thank you, Daddy", which pleased me to no end, every time my hand laid into her thus.&nbsp; Her whimpers were simple music in the air.&nbsp; I ordered her to part her lovely legs, bending them at the knees, so that her pants continued to restrain her ankles for me.&nbsp; I then slapped her inner thighs, and pinched the top of her hood lightly, before switching hands, releasing her arms, and slipping 2 fingers inside of her, now sopping wet, pussy.&nbsp; She moaned yet again, as I began expertly flicking my fingers back and forth across her gspot.

I commanded, "Now little one, you will do your best to cum for me, but you will also fight it...and you will beg for MY permission to cum, or you will not be allowed to do so."

She answered meekly, "Yes Daddy...oh, god, yes sir, please sir!"&nbsp; Her cries were already beginning to get frantic, as she approached her first orgasm of the evening. "Daddy, Daddy, I'm gonna cum, Daddy, please may I cum, please, please, oh, please, Daddy, please, sir, please Daddy, please, please, I wanna cum, god I wanna cum, PLEASE!"

"Slut, cum now!", I ordered.&nbsp; I kept flicking my fingers, and I felt the hot gush of her cum spill out of her tiny pussy, as she whimpered and moaned, shaking her head side to side, attempting to cover her face in the ground.&nbsp; Her cries increased in volume and pitch, begging harder and more often, as my fingers kept up their steady rhythm, and her cum kept spilling out of her, soaking the ground beneath her ass.&nbsp; She was still behaving, crying out, "Please may I cum Daddy?" over and over.&nbsp; After she'd had 6, her cries changed, to "No, please, I don't want to cum more like this, please fuck me Daddy, please, oh please, I want your cock in me Daddy, please Daddy, please fuck me!"

I slowly withdrew my fingers from her swollen labia, tracing the juices up her stomach, between her breasts, and letting them rest on her bottom lip, still dripping with her cum.&nbsp; She raised her eyes to mine, sparkling in the moonlight, and I reached forward with my other hand, grabbing her hair hard, which made her cry out, then shoving my fingers into her open mouth.&nbsp; She clamped her lips down in response, as I ordered, "Now suck and drink your cum from my fingers, babygirl, and I'd better remove them wet only with your saliva."

She cleaned them very well ("Such a good girl I have here" I thought) and I removed my fingers, stood up, and pulled my hardness out, letting it bounce a little, while her eyes followed it, greedily, and she reached down, and removed one pants legs over a foot, so she could spread her legs.&nbsp; I caught her right leg, and hoisted it to my shoulder, as I knelt back down on the now soaking grass, and light mud.&nbsp; I leaned forward, and ran my cock up and down between her labia, making her pussy wetter and wetter again, before aiming at her waiting darkness.&nbsp; I thrust just the tip inside of her, and with control, began only fucking her with the tip, in and out, for a few minutes, as she moaned, wriggled, and kept attempting to grab me, and pull me deeper inside her.

"Please cum inside me, Daddy," she whispered.&nbsp; I replied with, "I will plunge fully inside you when I am ready to, little one, and not before."&nbsp; I kept up my steady teasing pace, knowing all too well, that it was driving me insane with the need to be inside as much as her.&nbsp; I thrust my hips hard suddenly, slamming myself all the way inside of her, and bumping against her cervix.&nbsp; She cried out, "Yes, god yes, oh, that's what I want, please Daddy, more, please...." and I started the long deep strokes that would tease her all the more.&nbsp; Almost all the way out, with just the tip still inside her, and slamming hard back inside, bruising her cervix deliberately, over and over.&nbsp; She moaned, "Daddy, I'm gonna cum Daddy, don't stop, just like that, Daddy, can I cum Daddy, please Daddy, can I cum, I can feel it right there Daddy, please let me cum, oh please, Daddy, PLEASE Daddy, I NEED it, oh please please please!"&nbsp; I took one more thrust deep inside and as soon as I hit her cervix, I said, "SLUT, cum for me, cum slut, cum NOW!"

She came really hard again, curving her leg on my shoulder down to my waist, and wrapping her other leg around my waist to cross them at the ankles, as I kept my hips thrust forward, and let her ride out her orgasm.&nbsp; After a few minutes had passed, I pulled out, she uncrossed her ankles and spread her legs, so I could back up.&nbsp; I walked back on my knees, grabbed her ankles, and crossed them pulling a little hard, which flipped her completely over, pressing her nipples, face, and mound into the wet grass.&nbsp; I then closed her legs together, and sat on her upper thighs, spreading her small ass cheeks wider, and slipping my cock back inside her.

As soon as I entered her, she couldn't help herself, and orgasmed again, screaming into the ground, and squeezing down on my cock.&nbsp; "Sorry Daddy - it just happened" she said, once she could breathe again. "It's ok, babygirl, it does happen, but now you deserve a little punishment for not asking permission" and I smacked her ass hard with both hands 3 times, not even letting the redness settle in place before my hands smacked into her ass again.&nbsp; Then I began to thrust inside her again, the angle changed sufficiently to allow me to pound into her gspot instead, even though I wasn't going quite as deep.

Unfortunately, the angle was quite excellent for me as well, and I felt my orgasm build rapidly, as if my cock had had enough of the teasing too.&nbsp; "I'm gonna cum my little girl, and all of my cum, is gonna fill your aching pussy," I said.&nbsp; She whimpered some more (which kept turning me on even more!) saying, "Yes Daddy, fill me with your cum Daddy, I want it, please Daddy".&nbsp; Incensed thus, my pace increased even more, smacking into the fresh handprints on her ass with my thighs over and over.

"Daddy, I'm gonna cum Daddy, will you cum with me, please Daddy, I wanna cum again all over you, please, oh god please, it's right there Daddy, I'm gonna cum!"

I shot my cum inside her, pumping load after load out of me, and filling her, as I said, "Cum on me babygirl, cum for me, cry my name!"

She orgasmed yet again, crying out, "Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!"

I collapsed on top of her, my cock still thrusting inside her, my hips moving of their own accord, and both of us catching up our breathing.&nbsp; As mine slowed down, I kept pumping my hips, still fucking her body.&nbsp; "You're gonna cum one more time for me, before I pull out little girl".&nbsp; I returned to those really long strokes that she proved she already loved, and since she was already primed to cum so much due to the rigorous fucking she had already received, her orgasm again was imminent in only a few strokes.&nbsp; As she opened her mouth to beg, I yelled out, "Cum now, slut!"

Her begging choked off into a scream that echoed off the trees, and I clamped my hand around her head, and over her mouth and nose, cutting off her air, as I forced her orgasm to last longer while she struggled for air.

I removed my hand after a count of 19, right as her hands began to flail a little, and while doing so, ordered her to cum again for me.&nbsp; She did so immediately, her body now used to following my orders, trained repetitively through so much in such an intense experience.&nbsp; I had anchored her orgasm to my command.

I pulled out of her, flipped her over yet again.&nbsp; She was a rag doll, worn out from so much already, and deep into subspace through my control and commands.&nbsp; I crawled up, and knelt next to her face.&nbsp; "Clean my cock off, little one...swallow our mutual cum."&nbsp; She opened her mouth wide, and devoured me, taking my cock way into the back of her throat, and swallowed reflexively, over and over, trying to get every last drop.&nbsp; I finally pulled my cock out of her mouth, as she was still licking and sucking me clean.&nbsp; She licked her lips afterwards, savoring the taste.&nbsp; "I liked that, and we taste delcious together, Daddy."

I spread her legs with my hands, and thrust 3 fingers inside her pussy this time, stabing quickly to her gspot again, flicking rapidly back and forth, and bringing her orgasm to the fore yet again.&nbsp; I merely said, "Ok, as your body has been through so much, you no longer need to think...simply say the number of the orgasm as it burns through you each time.&nbsp; I shall do all of the work."&nbsp; I sped my fingers up even faster, and her orgasms started tearing out of her..."9!"&nbsp; Not even 3 minutes later, "10 Daddy!" And less than a minute later, "11!....huh...huh...12!"

I slowed my fingers down, and slowly took them out of her.&nbsp; She grabbed my wrist, and sat up so rapidly to clean my fingers, that the blood rushed to her head, and she fell back down, still holding my wrist, and, upon hitting the ground, whimpering that she couldn't get to my fingers.&nbsp; I moved closer, and fed her one finger at a time, to let her fully drink the cum from my fingers.

Once she was done, I sat her up, and pulled her to me, holding her, stroking her hair, and cuddling her close, whispering, "You've been a very good girl, and made Daddy very happy.&nbsp; I am so pleased with your performance, and I know you enjoyed yourself too."

She simply nodded, and cuddled closer to me, shaking and trembling from cold, and coming down from the rush.&nbsp; We sat there, huddled together, as I continued to whisper words of encouragement and compliments on her performance, until she was simply breathing easily again.&nbsp; I kissed her gently, but still with tongue, and then helped her up, and I helped her get dressed.&nbsp; We hugged each other tightly one last time.&nbsp; We said our goodbyes, and the last I've seen of her, was her rapidly dwindling form, fading into the darkness, as she walked back home.


"So...that's what happened...you look a little flushed darlin'....are you ok?"

"Um, yes, um, I...I don't...um, wow, that was...wow, just, um, hearing about it...I don't know what to say, just...wow."

"Well, perhaps we can discuss it in the future, darlin'.&nbsp; Enjoy your evening.&nbsp; Bye."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Verisimilitude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





