BDSM Library - Brutal Punishment for My Crimes




Brutal Punishment for My Crimes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Woman seeks revenge from cop who raped her while she was in custody.






This was a long time coming.&nbsp; I had tried with previous SO's, mostly unsuccessfully, to communicate my desire for BDSM play (I'm a switch: enjoy being both dom and sub).&nbsp; Finally, after a little over a year with my ex-girlfriend, I was able to get what I desired.&nbsp; While I was away for a week, we were texting and talking, and I managed to get on the subject of bondage. We agreed to go "toy shopping."
Upon my return, we booked a hotel room and went to work.&nbsp; We created scenarios, the first of which I'll outline below.&nbsp; Enjoy, and I'd love to hear any feedback/ideas!

She wrote the scenario down for me, so that she wouldn't have to speak out of character.&nbsp; There would be no more of that.&nbsp; She handcuffed me to the hotel bed and told me I better not move.&nbsp; She came back a short time later and made me read my predicament: I am a dirty cop, and some time ago I arrested her.&nbsp; During her incarceration I apparently raped her and abused her.

"Now," she said, "You will pay for what you did to me."
"What are you talking about??" I asked desperately.
In response, she slaps me in the face hard.&nbsp; Then she drags me by my cuffed hands into the hotel bathroom, where a hot shower is running.&nbsp; It's so hot I'm already sweating, and she tells me to take off my clothes or else it will be all the worse; her tone makes me obey.&nbsp; 

"You're filthy and hairy, so first I'm going to clean you up, and then teach you what true justice is."&nbsp; She handcuffs me to the shower curtain rod, and drenches me in (a little too) hot water.&nbsp; She washes me...all of me...thoroughly.&nbsp; Then she grabbed a throwaway razor and starts shaving my pubes...first above my dick...then moving down.&nbsp; As I struggle and look worried, she just grabs my balls hard and I stop struggling.&nbsp; She shaves everything...the base of my cock, my balls, my taint, and my asshole.&nbsp; This last detail worries me the most.

When she finished "cleaning" me, she promptly moved me back into the main part of the hotel room.&nbsp; Instead of leading me to the bed, she slammed the bathroom door behind me and hoisted my arms above my head, locking them in restraints attached to the top of the door that I had not noticed before.&nbsp; I'm getting nervous, but she was not done restraining me yet.&nbsp; She then took what resembled a broomstick, but with two ropes tied on either end, and with it secured my ankles as far apart as they could go.&nbsp; Effectively, I couldn't move my arms or legs, and my now totally erect penis was fully vulnerable.

She looked me in the eyes and smiled wickedly (she was better at roleplaying than I'd ever imagined).&nbsp; She then moved to the bag of "toys" we'd purchased (we didn't skimp).&nbsp; First she pulled out the leather cat-o-nine-tails whip and a metal ring, about 3 inches in diameter, with two tightening clamps attached.&nbsp; She moved slowly toward me, "Do you remember yet, you piece of shit?"&nbsp; "No, let me go! This is a mistake!" I yelled back.&nbsp; 

Before I finished my sentence, she whipped my chest hard.&nbsp; She repeated this all over my chest and stomach before getting on her knees, eye level to my crotch.&nbsp; Smiling, she took my balls (I am now quivering in anticipation/fear of pain) and stuffed them painfully into the metal ring.&nbsp; It only hurt at first when she stuffed them roughly through.&nbsp; Then the ring just hung as an uncomfortable weight on my balls...but she took the clams and attached them as far up my shaft as they would go...so that as I got even harder, they pulled and pinched my tender skin all the more.&nbsp; Then she looked me in the eyes: "I would normally gag my slaves, but I really want to hear your screams of torment and cries for mercy."

Suddenly, she brought the whip down repeatedly on my dick.&nbsp; It hurt more than anything yet and I really yelled out for the first time.&nbsp; She did this a number of times, intermittently lifting my hard cock up and whipping my weighted balls as I cringed and screamed.&nbsp; "Do you remember yet? Are you sorry?" She yelled.&nbsp; "Fuck you, bitch!" I replied.

Then she stopped hitting me and unfastened my hands; I was momentarily relieved until she simply turned me around and reattached the arm restraints high above my head, but this time I was facing the door.&nbsp; As I struggled, she tightened my leg restraints so that I was spread even further, and I could feel the air hitting my exposed and newly shaved, vulnerable ass.&nbsp; She immediately grabbed the wooden spoon we purchased and beat my ass until I was yelping with every stroke.

Then she abruptly stopped and laughed.&nbsp; I knew what was coming.&nbsp; She rummaged through our toys bag and retrieved one of the three dildos we had bought, along with some lube.&nbsp; I had never been penetrated before, and I was shaking.&nbsp; Of course, she skipped the smaller vibrator and the butt plug, and went straight for the larger, clear colored dildo, with four levels of diameter.&nbsp; She said, "Now, you're getting raped.&nbsp; Enjoy, pervert!"

"No!!" I yelled, just as she spread my trembling cheeks and applied lube directly to my newly shaved asshole.&nbsp; She positioned the cold rubber against my virgin hole, hesitated for just a few seconds as I tensed up (this made it worse)...and shoved it in.

"Ahhhh!!!" I hadn't really "screamed" until now.&nbsp; She had shoved in 3 of the four progressively thicker rings.&nbsp; As I lay flat against the door, trying at once to loosen my muscles but unable to because of shock and pain, she whipsered in my ear: "How does it feel? Does it HURT!?!" She yelled as she shoved the final, thickest part of the dildo inside me.&nbsp; It hurt so much, but I was loving the display of dominance out of my normally reserved girlfriend.&nbsp; Just as I was about to beg for mercy..she said, "Not enough??" and roughly twisted the dildo at least 360 degrees inside my ass.&nbsp; To this I screamed even louder, and submitted: "Yes...I'm sorry! I'll do anything just don't hurt my ass any more!"

Please comment!&nbsp; I'd love to share further experiences and hear yours!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    GlowWyrm


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





