BDSM Library - Senior Year




Senior Year
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is the immediate sequel to "My Sexual Evolution," and picks up right where M.S.E. ends. It's Senior Year, and Christine and her slutty nymphomaniac cheerleader girlfriends get wild. First, they shoot and sell bikini school calendars of themselves and make a bundle of money. Give them a little credit and respect. They do inaugurate and run 4 week-long drives at school for charitable organizations. However, flush with cash, the girls throw 4 extravagant, outrageous and bawdy bondage sex parties that include kidnappings from school, plenty of bondage sex and some good 'ole M/F and F/F pussy eating. This story is told in 3 parts. Part 3 concludes with an Epilogue that will update you on what some of your favorite characters are doing today.






Senior Year
By Christine 
christine33113@yahoo.com
Part 1, Chapter 11 -

* This story is the sequel to "My Sexual Evolution." "Senior Year" continues the story right where "My Sexual Evolution" ended. This story is written in 3 Chapters and ends with an Epilogue that will update you on some of your favorite characters and where they are today. The rest of this chapter will detail the first 2 Cheerleader initiation Parties. We did some raunchy and outrageous stuff that final year of high school. It wasn't all about the sex, although there was plenty of that. As you read these final 3 chapters, take note of the thought, planning, setup, coordination and execution of every facet of each party. The 2nd chapter of this story, Part 2 Chapter 12, will detail the final 2 Cheerleader Initiation Parties. In part 3, I will tell you a little about my final season of women's high school baseball. Finally, I will include and Epilogue that will update you on my life and a few of my friends who have been main characters in this story.

Chapter 11 &#8211; 

Ashley and I celebrated our 18th birthdays during the 1st week of June, 2002. My parents took me out for dinner at a posh restaurant the night of my birthday. That weekend Lisa held an 18th birthday party for Ashley and me, and invited the rest of the cheerleaders. I actually had not done any lesbian sex since August of the previous year at Yuki's and Yoshi's weekend party. We played the usual lesbian bondage sex games utilizing all the various toys and equipment that we had. Since Ashley and I were the birthday girls, we had to be the permanent submissives and were tied up for the entire 3 hour play time. They made us eat a lot of pussy, but we got our fair share of orgasms in all our favorite positions. At the party, we elected Lisa Captain and Ashley Co-Captain of our cheerleader squad. Lisa announced that she wanted to produce a pin-up calendar to sell that would include all school Holidays and the schedules for our sports teams. She had already procured a copy of the plain school calendar that was to be sent out to all students' homes. It was a flip-up calendar, with each month at the bottom of each page and room for our pictures at the top half of the flipped page. For the first 8 months, each cheerleader would have their own page, with 2 vertical side-by-side photos at the top, one in their cheerleader outfit and one in a bikini. For the last 4 months, there would be 2 vertical side-by-side photos of different cheerleaders in different bikinis and different poses. The cover of the calendar would have a group shot in our cheerleader outfits, and a group photo in our bikinis would be on the back cover. Everyone thought it was a great idea and we set a tentative date at the end of June to go to Lisa's father's photo studio and graphic arts shop for the shoot.

During parts of 4 weeks in June and July, My Mom and I visited prospective colleges. I had copies of my high school transcript through 6 semesters and a reference letter from my baseball Coach. Appointments had to be made, along with airline reservations, car rentals, room accommodations and other plans had to be finalized and double-checked. On our 1st trip we flew from LAX to Boston, where I visited 2 Ivy League schools. I met alone, while Mom waited, with an admissions officer. Afterward, we were given a walking tour of the campus, shown a typical freshman's dorm room and saw the athletic facilities, with no emphasis on women's baseball. We had time to shop and dine in the local campus hangouts, without the crowds of school year students. For our next trip, we flew into Chicago and made our way across Michigan, visiting 3 Big Ten Schools on the way. At 2 of those schools they had the red carpet out for us. We had the usual meetings and tour, but an Assistant Women's Baseball Coach met with us and showed us the full women's athletic facilities and really made it clear that I would be a valuable asset to their team. In July Mom and I flew to Dallas-Ft. Worth. That was our longest trip, because Texas was so big and we had extra driving to do. We visited 3 colleges. Again, the red carpet was waiting for us and everybody was so sweet and nice, like sugar and honey, that that Texas welcome attitude seemed a little too thick and phony to me. Mom and I were royally welcomed and saw everything and met everyone. We had complimentary lunches and dinners. At 2 schools, they sized me up and arranged for Mom and me to stay overnight in one of the most prestigious gorgeous antebellum sorority houses, with breakfast before we left. "Y'all come back real soon," they said.&nbsp; 

Finally, Mom drove me up to San Francisco, where we spent a few days of down time. We shopped, did some touristy things, went to a day spa and visited one college in the area. We were well received there and I think I spent the most time talking and visiting people. Later in July, I visited 2 more LA area colleges on my own. By the time it was all over, I had stacks and stacks of college literature and my head was spinning. I was glad that I took the time to visit 11 possible colleges, but there was no hurry to apply or commit to play for any of them yet. Other senior cheerleaders did visit colleges, during the summer, but not nearly as many as I did. I probably went a little overboard, but had some good times with Celeste and saw a lot of new things and places. I found out when I returned that the girls were already plotting and planning for a spectacular Senior Year! 

Our calendar shoot was on Friday, June 28, 2002. Our school bikini calendar started with August and went through July of the next year. We drew lots and I got the month of December for my solo 2 shot month. I wore a deep metallic blue bikini, and someone had found a red Santa hat, with white trim, and I wore that and looked really cute. Stephanie and Brittany didn't have their new Varsity cheerleader outfits yet, so they borrowed Beth's and Rhonda's for the shoot and it worked out just fine. I wore a print bikini foor my other photo and it wound up beside Ashley on the June page, which was fitting because of our birthdays being in June. While the other girls were not professional models, they were seasoned performers in front of large crowds and knew how to pose and give the camera their best angles. We were going to order 1000 calendars, but found out that we would fall into the overrun rule. I guess this was where the presses ran and printed up to 10% extra copies to be sure they had 1000 perfect calendars. We had to take and pay for any perfectly good overrun calendars up to 10% of the order or potentially 1100. Everyone was happy and selected their best photos, and before we left the whole calendar was already laid out on their computer.

We stopped for lunch on the way back home and then went to Lisa's for the BIG MEETING! I wanted to find out what had been going on while I was out of town. First, Lisa announced that she had already received administrative permission for the cheerleaders to demonstrate their civic duty and school spirit by conducting week long drives at school for charity and pit the 4 classes against each other to see who could raise the most contributions. During one week in October, we would hold a canned food drive for a food pantry. In November, we would hold a week long clothing drive for a homeless shelter. In December, we would hold a toy drive, and another canned food drive during 2nd semester. Everyone thought these were great ideas. I spoke up and said that my Mom worked with a food pantry and homeless shelter, and I could probably line them up. The only caveats were that the charities had to provide adequate numbers of boxes and pick up their donations every morning, because the school did not have storage space for the donations. Ashley, Beth and Rhonda volunteered to help me with this and man the boxes before school. The other 4 girls would contact the US Marine Corp Toys For Tots program and coordinate that drive. With all of that discussed and tentatively planned, we moved on to the fun stuff.

Lisa started out by asking if anyone was going steady. No one was. She asked, "None of you are planning on getting pregnant or getting married?" This lightened the rapidly building anticipatory mood. She said that she wanted her cheerleaders to leave their mark on the school and proposed a series of 4 outrageous cheerleader initiation parties, including kidnapping from school. The questions flew and there was much more that she wasn't yet telling us. She explained that 2 cheerleaders would be in charge of planning each party, and 2 cheerleaders would be initiated at each party, while the others would help coordinate them, with the exception of the 2 initiates. They underlying purpose of each party was to get laid, and there would be plenty of sex for everyone. That got everybody interested and in. We wanted to hear more! Lisa had done her research. She had checked back in her diaries and discovered that every 3rd weekend in September I held a party at my house with my parents away. I thought that sounded right, but would check. She pointed to the school calendar she had, which showed that the Varsity football team had a bye week scheduled Friday, September 20, 2002, and wanted to hold the 1st party at my house. I said I'd check and get permission. She volunteered Ashley and me as the 1st victims 'er initiates, and said that we would be kidnapped for the party after school!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Everyone else thought that was GREAT, and Ashley and I reluctantly agreed to be the 1st initiates, with Lisa and Meagan planning the party. "Leave it all to us," they said. 

It seemed that plans for the 2nd party were well underway. No kidnapping from school. Lisa wanted to see how the 1st kidnapping went over at school. This party was to begin Saturday afternoon, October 26, 2002, and there would be cash prizes for the guys who won, and the winners would get their choice of girls. Beth and Rhonda would host the party, and Stephanie and Brittany would be the initiates. It would be held at Meagan's, in her ballroom and 6 bedrooms. With a big grin on her face, Lisa asked, "Do you girls want to know the theme of the party?" DUH! It will be a Topless Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament, with the guys playing for money and the girls. When Lisa had said "outrageous parties," she had perhaps understated it. The obvious questions were about playing poker and the topless part. Some of the girls will deal the game, but not play, and all girls would be topless during the poker game, but after dinner you will be naked and getting screwed. It sounded like a big production and a lot of fun, and I said that I was in. I even knew a little bit about playing this game, because I had seen it once or twice on a TV show. The last announcements were that Stephanie and Brittany would plan the 3rd party for Friday before Thanksgiving week. The football season would be over and Beth and Rhonda would be the initiates. Finally, Ashley and I were to plan the 4th party, sometime after the 1st of the year, and Lisa and Meagan would be the initiates. There were a few more minor questions, but we soon adjourned.
 
I checked my Mom's calendar and sure enough, my parents were scheduled to be away at a convention the weekend of September 20th. Although at 18, permission would have been perfunctory, I loved my parents dearly and asked my Mom if I could have a party with the cheerleaders. At this point, I really had no idea who was coming and what kind of initiation the girls would do. I, of course, received permission and was reminded of my parents 3 NOs in their house: no drugs; no smoking; and no drinking. I let Lisa know that we were all set for September 20th. July passed quickly. I visited more colleges and when I was home, compared notes on college visits with those who were not off on vacation or visiting colleges. The calendars came in and really looked professional. I thought the pictures of all the girls looked great.&nbsp; In the quantities ordered they only cost us a little over $5.00 each from Lisa's father, and we were going to sell them for $20.00. Our town was in the midst of a housing boom. Houses were going up everywhere, including the huge area of farmland behind our house going way west past Meagan's house. I remember reading somewhere that our high school population would reach 2500 this year.

Daily cheerleader practice began on Thursday, August 1st, as well as for the guy's football teams. In the afternoons, beginning Monday, August 5th, I began meeting with the Swing Band daily for a few hours each afternoon. We were going to record a CD produced by the Music Department and sales would go into a fund that would get the Swing band matching blazers. Other bands and singing groups had already recorded CDs, and they were available for sale at every school function and sporting event. In 3 weeks, we had laid down 17 solid tracks from about 30 songs we sang. Our Coach would decide which songs made it on the CD. One day at cheerleader practice, the 2 main planners of the Topless Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament, Beth and Rhonda, said they couldn't figure out the game. They wanted Ashley and me to take over dealing the cards during the poker part of the party. Lisa, Meagan, Ashley and I met many times, before that party, practicing and making sure we knew what poker hands beat others. 

The first thing I heard about Ashley's and my September 20th initiation party was during the 3rd week in August. Lisa told us that we each had to prepare a list of 12 guys we would have sex with, and there were to be no duplicates. The next Sunday afternoon Ashley and I met with our yearbooks. We wondered about having to get screwed by 12 guys, but maybe some wouldn't come, and Lisa had said there would be elimination games. I had my obvious picks, but Ashley chose a few of them when it was her turn to pick. After all the obvious prospects had been written down, I had a few more guys that I had slept with, but we wound up pouring over our yearbooks for possible choices. I ended up choosing several cute juniors that I at least knew pretty well. We divided into 2 teams of four and rehearsed the upcoming kidnapping stunt only twice in the privacy of the cheerleader's locker room.. It went like clockwork and took about 30 seconds to get me tied. We were going to slip into a nearby girl's bathroom right after school. I would give my purse and any books to Beth. Simultaneously, Lisa would tie my wrists behind my back and Rhonda would gag me with a silk scarf. The remaining cheerleaders would do the same with Ashley.

My senior year of high school began on Monday, August, 26, 2002. Labor day came early on September 2nd, and our 1st football game was Friday, August 30. I guess that was why we had the bye week in our football schedule. Our football team finished the year with a very respectable 7-3 record. Our basketball team also had a very good year and finished 3rd in our Conference. We actually sold some of our calendars to virtually all of the guys on the football team, on the days when they practiced. We started selling them on the 1st day of school. Our headquarters was the cheerleader's table during lunch hour, but we also sold them in the halls before and after school. I always had some with me and even sold them in classrooms. Lisa gave a mess of them to the JV cheerleaders to sell and paid them $2.00 apiece for each one they sold. We could afford it, because we were making about $15.00 on every calendar we sold. At some point kids began asking me to autograph their calendars, and I gladly did it for free. Other cheerleaders were asked to autograph a calendar. Then, there was a persistent bunch of about 50 who wanted to get every cheerleader's autograph on their calendar.

We sold our entire printing of calendars in 3 weeks. With the overrun rule we had to pay for 1039 calendars. Each cheerleader kept 2 calendars. We gave each JV cheerleader a free calendar, and some of our favorite boyfriends got a free one, We ended up selling 1005 calendars. The JV cheerleaders sold over 200 calendars and they were paid a little over $400. Each of us took $250 fir our own personal use, and the remaining small fortune went into an account to pay for our parties and other expenses. At the end of the school year, we would divvy up whatever money was left. IT WAS GREAT BEING A SENIOR! 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st Cheerleader Initiation Party &#8211;

The Kidnapping &#8211;

On Wednesday and Thursday of the week of the big kidnapping and the party, I began hearing whispered conversations during lunch about the cheerleader initiation party. Guys had their invitations out, and were passing them around. This is when I started becoming a little nervous about the whole thing. On Thursday, Lisa told Ashley and me to wear something sexy and be ready by 7:00 AM on Friday morning. My parents left Thursday evening for their convention and expected to be back on Sunday afternoon. I slept fitfully that night in that big lonely house. I woke up sweating Friday morning. I showered, was able to et a big breakfast and got ready. I wore a simple snug short sleeved white blouse and a somewhat tight mid-thigh length black skirt and heels. A little pushup bra helped accentuate my C-cup breasts. All met the school dress code. At a few minutes after 7:00 AM. Lisa pulled up in a convertible with 3 of the girls. A few minutes later Beth arrived in another convertible with Ashley and the rest of the girls. They opened the trunks and told me to help carry stuff in. Each girl had her own little suitcase or overnight bag. Then, there were cases of pop, bags of chocolate cookies, boxes of donuts and pastries, cartons of orange juice and a can of coffee. I ended up packing the guest apartment refrigerator with pop and OJ. I put the extra pop in the refrigerator outside the door on the pool deck. The boxes and bags of goodies were placed on the kitchen counter. The marble countertop was piled with ropes and gags, including ballgags and penis gags. 

Finally they efficiently rearranged the furniture. They rolled the 2 couches to the far wall and opened each up into queen sized sofa beds. The 2 upholstered chairs were placed in the center of the floor. Four rented full-sized futons were brought in and unfurled around the floor, and one went in the ample walk-in closet. Then, we were off to school. It was a sunny balmy day and the ride in a convertible was exhilarating. The convertibles were backed into the first row, side by side, in the student parking lot about 2/3 of the way to the student entrance. The tops were put up and we all went into school. I was so nervous that day about the kidnapping after school, and it appeared the party would go all night, with breakfast in the morning. I don't know how many times I peed that day. At lunch, it seemed everybody was talking about the party, and I heard talk about the kidnapping after school. Had Lisa or one of the other girls leaked this part of our plans? After my last class, I rushed to my locker. The senior lockers are on the 1st floor. Most of ours are in the hall opposite the administrative offices and guidance counselor offices. The main entrance to the school is close by, and outside is the faculty parking and visitor parking. To get to the student parking lot, you walk down our hall, turn right and walk down a long hall to the student entrance.

The 3 other girls were at my locker. I could see the other girls and Ashley down the opposite side of the hall. It was now or never! I looked over at Ashley's group and they signaled they were ready. I held a couple books that I took home for homework and led off down the hall. Ashley's group followed behind us. I turned right at the corner, walked past the men's restrooms and into the women's restroom. I handed my books and purse to Beth. Rhonda gagged me with a red silk scarf and Lisa tied my wrists behind my back. Lisa stepped in front of me an unbuttoned another button at the top of my blouse revealing a little cleavage and a peek at my bra. Beth led us off. Lisa and Rhonda each grabbed one of my arms and we were off. I struggled and moaned as they hustled me down the hall towards the student parking lot. Some of the kids still in the hall looked surprised and others pointed and smiled. As we burst out the door and down the steps to the student parking lot, we were greeted by cheers from a large group of kids hanging around for the show. The word had gotten around. Lisa and Rhonda hustled me along the long walk to the convertibles. I continued to struggle and moan all the way. There was such a large group of kids around the convertibles that I didn't notice at first. The convertible tops were down and the cars were decorated all over with red and white crepe paper streamers and signs saying "Cheerleader Initiation." Some of the girls had snuck out of school to do this. Lisa helped me climb into the back seat. When I stretched my legs to climb in, my tight skirt rode up several inches. I plunked down in the back seat and my skirt was all bunched up revealing a lot of leg, but not enough to show my panties. The girls piled into the car, and when the other car was loaded with Ashley and the other girls, the cars were started.

Lisa honked the horn and the crowd of cheering kids parted and we took off. Rhonda had some pieces of rope and tied my knees and ankles together. The girls laughed excitedly until we got to the main road that went into town. Instead of turning right towards my house, we turned left. We rode in a little convoy down the main street honking and waving at people on the sidewalk, and then we saw the cop car approaching from the other direction. We slowed a bit and he had his window rolled down. As we passed he merely honked his horn and shouted, "Have fun girls!" Whew, we could have had a lot of explaining to do. We turned into the McD's drive through. Each of the girls ordered a small Coke, but there were a number of kids there gawking at us. From Mickey D's we drove behind the high school, where the football teams were still practicing. We parked in the street and Rhonda made me stand up. Lisa leaned on the horn until we got the attention of the football players. The girls waved and I stood there bound and gagged. We took off and I plopped back down in my seat. Lisa said that we would get something to eat, because it would be quite late when they ordered pizzas. We pulled into the BK drive through, and when Rhonda asked me what I wanted, I could get the word "WHOPPER" out through my gag. The silk scarf gag was more for show than actually muffling sounds. After the people at BK gaped at us and we got our food, we headed back down the main street, again, towards my house. Of course, the girls honked the car horns and waved at the pedestrians on the sidewalk.

Our convoy of 2 decorated convertibles finally arrived at my house. They were parked in the center of the parking area, facing out on the lawn, with plenty of space between them. I was helped out of the car and Beth got my house keys out of my purse. Once in the house, Ashley and I were freed. We ate around the dining room table. Besides our various sandwiches, they had bought a ton of fries and onion rings. It was about 4:30 when we finished and changed into our bikinis and sat around the pool. Most of the 8 cheerleaders, including me, swam in the pool. The warm water really felt good and swimming a few laps relieved all the stress that had built up in my body. We joked and laughed about the kidnapping and how well it went. The looks on some of the kid's faces, and one teacher's face in the hall, were priceless. They all praised Ashley and me for putting on a great show for everyone. Our straining and struggling in our blouses, with an extra button undone, showed just the right amount of cleavage. Lisa said that when she saw the cop car she almost peed herself, About 5:45 Meagan reminded us that the guys were coming at 7:00 PM and that we should get ready. Everyone took quick showers. My bathroom in the guest apartment has a double shower, while the other bathroom has a single. Lisa and I were the last to shower in my bathroom. After I dried off and blew my hair dry, I put it up in a ponytail. I put on a little lipstick, and Lisa said that I would find my clothes waiting on the bed.

The Elimination Games &#8211;

When I stepped out into the bedroom, Lisa, Beth and Rhonda were all wearing different sexy slutty schoolgirl or cheerleader outfits. They had short revealing tops, showed a lot of bare midriff, and wore almost obscenely short pleated skirts that rode down on their hips. Lisa said that they had bought them on a website called 3WISHES.com, and they had dozens of different sexy party outfits. I put on my braless top, which was a white collared short sleeve crop top with a deep scoop neckline. It was finished with a 2" band that went around my chest, with some elastic in the back, and a strap on one side that fastened with 2 buttons under my boobs. The scoop neckline went down to the band and revealed about 1/3 of each of my breasts. Next, Lisa used the padded leather wrist cuffs to buckle my arms behind my back. She made me bend over and inserted my remote controlled egg vibrator up my pussy, packed my slit with a couple Kleenex tissues, and pulled on a pair of red panties. I stepped into a short red plaid pleated skirt that Beth and Lisa fastened and adjusted down around my hips. I had bare skin from just above my shaved pubic mound up to the bottom of my breasts. If I sat down, surely my red panties would show. I slipped into a pair of heels. Just then Ashley and the other girls walked into my bedroom. They all wore similar outfits, except that Ashley's was identical to mine. Ashley, Stephanie and Brittany had their wrists secured behind their backs

Lisa asked someone to take Brittany and Stephanie out through the kitchen and into the garage for the complimentary blowjobs for the guys who were eliminated. Beth volunteered. Ashley and I were gagged with a silk scarf and blindfolded with a large black sleep mask. The egg vibrator in my pussy sprang to life on a pleasant low buzzing setting. And we were off. Rhonda got behind me and held my shoulders to guide me. We walked out of the bedroom and into the great room. I thought we would stop there and wait for the guys, but we kept going out the great room, into the hall and turned towards the front of the house. As we got closer to the front door, I could hear the murmurings of a large number of people outside. When the front door opened and we stepped outside, there was a huge roar of approval. They clapped and cheered at what they saw. I thought maybe half the school was there to watch. I was stopped somewhere on the driveway. Lisa, Meagan and Rhonda shouted for everyone to be quiet and to move back on the lawn. When the crowd had quieted down, Lisa took over. She was really in her role.

First she asked, "How do you all like our new cheerleader outfits?" Another huge roar of approval sounded from the crowd, with clapping and wolf whistles. Rhonda turned me around and told me to wiggle my ass for them. The cheering continued as Rhonda bent me over and showed the crowd my red panty covered ass.&nbsp; When I was again upright and turned facing the crowd, Lisa quieted them and started her spiel. She explained that the chosen guys were going to play 2 elimination games, and that 2 guys would be eliminated from each of the girl's choices in each game. She further went on to say that the guys who were eliminated could go into the garage for a complimentary blowjob, and that after the 2 games, the remaining guys and all the cheerleaders would go inside to finish, and everyone else would have to leave. The guys who were chosen by Christine should line up here, and the guys chosen by Ashley were to line up over there. All of this came from that list Ashley and I had drawn up back in August. While this was going on, Rhonda walked me over to one of the convertibles. She helped me into the car and onto the back seat. I could tell that the front seats had been run all the way forward, because there was plenty of leg room. Rhonda tied my ankles and knees together and removed my gag, but not the blindfold. Lisa was explaining that in the 1st game each guy would have 5 minutes to show us their best make out moves. They could also feel the girl's up, BUT if anyone's hand wanders below their waists, they are eliminated. Lisa was standing between the cars, with Rhonda alongside mine and Meagan over on the other side of the other convertible. 

I could hear the guys talking behind me, while they waited in line. Lisa shouted, "Are you guys ready?" A moment later she yelled, "GO!" I felt the first guy slide in beside me and instantly he had an arm around my neck and a hand on one of my tits and we were kissing nicely. Just about the time we were getting into some tongue action and both my titties had been thoroughly squeezed, Lisa called, "TIME." I figured he passed. The next guy was right there and we started all over again. Each one was a little different, of course. All during that game people would shout out encouraging advice like: "Use more tongue," or "Suck her lip," or "Pinch her nipples," but I never knew if they were directed towards the guy kissing me or Ashley. I was even aware of some girls in the audience vocalizing their opinions. They all began to blur together. At some point, maybe the 4th or 5th guy had my head bent way back, and he was kissing me way too hard. I broke it off and yelled, "That's too hard!" "You're eliminated," bellowed Lisa. She told him to head into the garage for a complimentary BJ. The crowd booed him. Maybe 2 or 3 guys later, one of them slipped his fingers under my scoop neckline and pinched my nipple really hard. "OWWWW," I yelled. Lisa shouted, "I saw that and you're eliminated!"&nbsp; Finally, the 1st game ended. Two guys were easily eliminated, an overall I was pretty hot and horny, with that egg vibrator still gently buzzing away in my pussy.

I felt someone unbuttoning the 2 buttons that held my top together. It was pulled back and draped over my shoulders baring my breasts for all to see. At first there was a collective gasp from the crowd followed by raucous cheering and whistles. Was this public indecency and a violation of the athletic code at school? We were in my private walled front yard, and all that any passers by could see through the 2 driveway openings in the wall were a bunch of kids. A number of cheerleaders and other sophomore girls had gone topless at a football party in front of about 75 kids. Well, I was in no position to do anything about my situation. Lisa was explaining that the remaining guys were supposedly experts at making out and feeling up girls. She announced that in the next elimination game each guy would have 5 minutes to demonstrate their best makeout and feeling up moves, again with no touching below the waist. All the guys who made it through this game would get to play with Ashley and me below the waist inside the house. Thank God they weren't going to do that in front of the whole crowd. When Lisa yelled, "GO," all I could think of was that my titties were going to get a good working over. The crowd was really into it and cheering wildly. The egg vibrator in my pussy clicked up one setting.

The 1st guy did everything perfectly and I thought it was Ryan by the way he kissed me. We really got into some deep kisses, with a lot of tongue that made me softly moan. As he expertly moved his right hand from one tit to the other, he 1st squeezed and kneaded them, and then rolled and rubbed my nipples to full attention. Lisa called, "TINE" too soon for me. The 2nd guy got off to a good start, but while he played with my titties, he pinched and twisted one of my nipples really hard. "OWWWWW," I screamed, and Lisa shouted, "You're eliminated!" The crowd booed. The 3rd guy went right for my tits. He squeezed and hefted them as I would have expected. Next though, he grabbed both my nipples and started alternately pulling on them like he was milking a cow. The crowd right nearby me started booing, and before I screamed, "Cut that out," Meagan yelled, "You're eliminated!" The following 5 guys, yes I could count them that time, did a wonderful job. I tried to figure out which guy was which, from the list I made a month ago, but the kisses and pleasurable sensations from my titties were sending strong signals down to my throbbing tingling pussy. That egg vibrator was having its effect on me, and during the last few guys, I was moaning almost constantly and feeling the makings of an orgasm in my pussy. The remote controlled egg vibrator in my pussy was turned off.

Lisa quieted the crowd down and said, "The show is over out here and you'll all have to leave."Let's have a big round of applause for our 2 volunteer cheerleaders." A combination of applause and cheers and whistles erupted. Lisa told the remaining guys to wait up by the front door. While this was going on, Rhonda untied my knees and legs and helped me out of the convertible. She led me into the house, down the halls and into the great room. She reached under my skirt and pulled off my panties and the soaked Kleenex tissues that covered my slit. Next, Rhonda had me spread my legs and fished the egg vibrator out of my pussy. Finally, I was gagged with a silk scarf. With my little skirt pushed up, I was sat down on a towel at the edge of one of the upholstered chairs in the center of the room, and pushed back. My legs were spread and hooked over the arms of the upholstered chair, and my ankles were tied to the rear legs of the chair. There was no doubt what the next game would be. I was blindfolded, bound and gagged, and laying back in the chair, with my legs spread and my pussy exposed for all to behold. I heard the girls come in from the garage. Lisa asked Beth to check that the kitchen door was locked and let the guys in and lock the front door. 

The guys came in all excited, but I guess the sight of 2 bare pussies staring up at them shocked them back to reality. I could hear them grouped in front of Ashley and me whispering to each other. Lisa cheerily announced, "The next elimination game, if you haven't already figured it out, is a pussy eating game." "You 6 guys that were chosen by Christine line up in front of her and the rest of you line up in front of Ashley." "you'll each have 5 minutes to eat pussy, and I want each of you to bury your faces in there and lick like crazy for 5 minutes, without stopping to come up for air." "Anyone who makes one of these girls come gets a $10.00 cash prize, but 3 of you from each girl will be eliminated!" "Ready, get down there on your knees, GO!" Well, the first 3 guys had no idea what they were doing. The other cheerleaders would chant, "Lick that pussy, lick that twat, use your tongue, and do not stop!" All 3 were very tentative at first, but at least gradually developed a steady rhythm. They just licked and slurped my whole slit from bottom to top. With each lick, their tongues slithered across the opening to my love hole, caught a bit of my inner labia lips, and ran over my clit. With 3 of them doing basically the same thing, it did have a cumulative effect on me. It felt wonderful and a real good orgasm was building inside me.
 
The 4th guy really knew what he was doing, and I knew it was Ryan. I'm certain that he saw my heavy breathing and heaving chest, because he went right for my clit. He slowly teased me and licked around my clit for a couple minutes, with an occasional lick of that now engorged and oh so sensitive love bud. I wasn't trying to hold back. I couldn't, if I wanted to. Then he went in for the kill. His lips captured my clit, and he sucked and flicked my clit, with the tip of his tongue. It probably took no more than a minute for me to scream and moan into my gag, while my whole body convulsed in spasms of orgasm. Everybody clapped. He was asked by someone how he did it. In Ryan's clear strong voice I heard him say, "Tongue fuck her and find her g-spot or lick and suck her clit, because she's ready to come again. Those were words of wisdom from someone who knew what he was talking about, because I was in such a state that I would readily come again. The 5th guy got his tongue in my love hole and fucked me a little with it. Then I heard Ashley come. There was more applause and cheering, which made me lose my concentration for a moment. When he started probing around in there, I wasn't sure if he knew what my g-spot was or what to do with it. His time was up and I hadn't come again. The 6th guy took Ryan's advice. He relentlessly licked my clit, until I was in a frenzied state and was ready to try and plead through my gag. Finally, he sucked, and I came again.

While I was being untied and freed, I could hear Lisa say, "You, you and you move on to the next game, and the other 3 of you are eliminated." It turned out that Meagan and Beth led me, still blindfolded and gagged, into my bedroom. They stripped off my skirt and the scoop neck crop top that had been hanging fully open all this time. They used a warm washcloth and towel to at least cleanup my pussy, before they buckled padded leather ankle and wrist cuffs on me. And, it all clicked in my mind. Even though 3 of the guys I chose, and 3 of the guys Ashley chose, for the pussy eating contest were eliminated, they weren't going to get sent home, because that would have left only 6 guys for 8 cheerleaders to ultimately play with. Instead, 12 guys would remain to play, and that was quite manageable for the 8 of us. While I pondered the math for the remainder of the night's activities, I was tied naked and spread eagle in the center of my king-sized bed. Lisa came into the room and announced, "You 3 guys will play the final elimination game." "You will each have 15 minutes to finger fuck Christine to orgasm, you first, READY, SET, GO!" After 2 clit sucking orgasms, from the pussy eating contest, my little clit was still tingling and sensitive for more.&nbsp; 
 
Only 2 of the 3 guys bothered to play with me. They used their mouths to lick and suck my nipples, while one hand was in my pussy. The 1st guy went right for the 2 fingered finger fuck, and stopped to see if he could find my g-spot. It must have been very elusive that day. Failing that, he held 2 fingers inside my pussy and rubbed my clit with his thumb until I came. I'm sure it took no more than 10 minutes. The 2nd guy had 2 fingers stroking away inside me. My clit was on fire, and when he used fingers from his other hand to rub my little hot bud, I blasted into another orgasm. That one probably took only 5 minutes. The 3rd guy played with my breast for a few minutes by using his hands, before he used his mouth on them. His 2 fingers fucked and probed the inside of my love tunnel. He found my g-spot, but used fingers from his other hand to rub my clit simultaneously. I just screamed into my gag and let my body collapse into a shuddering mind blowing orgasm. I came and squirted and came and squirted some more. GOD! That had built up in me for hours and it was good to get it out. When I fully recovered, I felt refreshed and ready to get a cock inside me. Lisa came in and removed my gag and blindfold, but left me tied naked and spread eagle. She asked me which of the last 3 guys I wanted to screw me. I said, "HELL, I'll take all 3 of them!" Lisa said, "OK," and went out in the hall where the guys were waiting and said, "You all won!" "Flip coins or play Rock, Paper, Scissors to determine who goes 1st, 2nd and 3rd." "You're on your own, GO FUCK HER!" 

I couldn't imagine just how much pent up frustration had built up in these guys after waiting hours to shoot their loads of cum. I figured none of them would last very long. They had earned it and I was right. I was a little excited to see who would appear, but I was pretty certain that I knew who 2 of them would be. Brian came in first. He climbed on top of me and we started making out, but almost immediately he plunged his hard rod into my pussy. He pounded away steadily until he let loose with a mighty groan and squirted his load. Neal, the cute junior who I had chosen was next. With only the briefest amount of foreplay, he slipped his condom covered large thick cock inside me. He, too, hammered away at my pussy until he came. Finally, Ryan came in. I knew he would be one of the finalists. He did makeout with me for many minutes and we got into some heavy kissing. His mouth worked its way down to my breasts and thoroughly licked and sucked my nipples. When he got his cock inside me, he tried to go slow, but he couldn't. Soon, he was ramming his cock as deep as he could in and out of my pussy, as fast as he could go, until he came. I never had an orgasm, but that was all right, because we had all night for plenty of good sex. Meagan came into my bedroom and freed me. I used the bathroom and then she buckled my wrists behind my back with the padded leather wrist cuffs. As Meagan led me out of my bedroom, Lisa walked in with 2 guys in tow. When we got out into the great room, quite a number of kids were milling around apparently deciding who would get who. A couple of girls were already tied and getting screwed on the 2 queen size sofa beds.

Meagan took me behind the island countertop. Ashley was already kneeling there. Meagan knelt me down and tied my ankles together. Ashley and I were kneeling, facing away from each other, between the island countertop and the drawers and cupboards of the kitchen wall. Meagan got everybody's attention and announced, "Guys, grab a girl, grab some rope and find a bed." "Let&#8217;s get this party going!" "Christine and Ashley are taking a little break, but they will be available in a little while." "Meanwhile, they are back here ready to do BJs. I couldn&#8217;t see around the island to see what was going on in the great room, but I could easily hear the sounds of sex. I didn't get too much of a chance to talk with Ashley, because her mouth was fuller than mine. I did find out that she was having a great time, like me, and that Rob and Brandon wound up screwing her at the end of the games. I managed to tell her the names of the 3 guys who ended up fucking me. I did only 3 blowjobs and Ashley did 4, before they came and took us away. Brittany and Stephanie untied Ashley's ankles and took her away first. When they hauled me around the island countertop, I saw that Ashley was tied spread-eagle to one of the queen size sofa beds. For me, they turned one of the upholstered chairs around to face the kitchen area. Then, they bent me over the back of it, tied me down, and tied my ankles spread to the rear legs of the chair. In their sweetest voices, Stephanie and Brittany chirped in unison, "Christine and Ashley are ready for the final part of their initiation." "Who's first?" I couldn't see much of what was going on in the great room behind me; let alone what was happening to Ashley directly behind me. 

Then they came, one after another, 4 of them in all! First there was Neal, again, and then John, another junior from my list. They were followed by 2 more juniors from Ashley's list. Maybe it was my imagination, but I swear that all four of them took their own sweet time slowly fucking my love hole doggie-style. Several times, I humped my pussy back trying to get them to go faster, without success. Even though I had a bit of a rest while I did those 3 BJs, my brain was screaming at my hot pussy for me to come. I wound up getting 4 long slow fucks, with a torrid hammering at the end, as each guy came. Well, come I did, but it was a bit of a blur, with no break for me between guys to recover. I know I climaxed around the time each of the guys shot their wads, and I think my hot little pussy came 2 or 3 more times, while the guys were screwing me. By the end, I was howling and moaning constantly. My heart was going pitter pat so fast that I thought a heart attack might be imminent, and I just didn't seem able to suck in enough air. Can a healthy 18 year old girl be fucked to death? It had to have been one of Lisa's little schemes for my initiation finale. When I regained my senses, Meagan was there releasing me and most everyone else was standing around watching. Lisa shouted, "Ashley's and Christine's initiations are over." "This is 2nd call for pizza and after that we're all going skinny dipping.
 
Before pizza, I wanted to check the house and yard. I didn't know how many kids were in the yard watching Ashley's and my spectacle. I put on a robe, from my bedroom closet, and left the great room. The house was quiet and undisturbed. I turned on the outside lights and went out the front door. The 2 convertibles were there with their tops up, and the guy's cars were parked here and there. Nobody was around, but there were some candy wrappers and boxes scattered on the lawn that would have to be picked up in the morning. After I locked the front door and turned off the lights, I opened the great room door and it bumped into someone's back. Inside the great room, huddled in a corner by the door, were a group of 6-8 guys, and Ryan had an open palm with those little blue pills that he was handing out. I smiled knowingly at them all, because I had experienced sex with the Japanese guys and the blue pill at Yuki's and Yoshi's place. I wedged myself between Lisa and Ashley around the countertop and ate 2 slices of pizza, some cookies, along with a Coke. Ashley said that 4 guys in a row screwed her tied spread-eagle on the sofa bed. She said she didn't know how many orgasms she had, but thought she might pass out at the end. I thought that we would have to get even with Lisa and see how many guys she could take. Lisa said that we should decide on which guys we wanted to sleep with that night, but there would be another "session" after the skinny dip. I said that Ashley and I get the 2 bedrooms, and Lisa said that was OK. 

I was the first one to go out to the pool. I put my robe on a chaise lounge and dove in. The night was balmy and the warm water of the pool felt wonderfully refreshing. I swam a few laps and by then the others were coming out. The girls all gathered in the center of the pool in chest deep water, while the guys huddled in a large group in the shallow end. The girls giggled and laughed about everything. Apparently the expressions on Ashley's and my faces were priceless, when our tops were unfastened out in the driveway and our bare boobs were exposed for all to see. They estimated that about 75-100 kids were there to see the spectacle. The kidnapping and party would be talked about for weeks at school, and leave our mark on the school's history for the 2002-3 Varsity Cardinal Cheerleaders, and we had just begun. The guys were getting awfully loud and animated. Lisa, Ashley and I waded over to them and pressed our bare wet bodies against the backs of three guys. They quickly quieted down and Lisa asked them what all the arguing was about. It seemed the guys were under the impression that they got to decide which girls they were going to play with after the skinny dip, as well as who they wanted to sleep with that night. Lisa straightened them out, and Told Ashley and me to choose now. I picked Brian and Ryan, Ashley chose only Rob, and Lisa chose Tyler and Eric, right there on the spot. There were 12 guys and 8 girls, which meant that 4 girls would sleep with 2 guys. The 3 of us started wading back to the rest of the girls who were, by now, coming to join us. We told them who we had picked, and Lisa told Meagan, as co-hostess, to pick next. The remaining 4 girls were left to decide the pecking order.&nbsp; 

Ashley and I decided to swim a few more laps along the far end of the pool. When we finished, I noticed that a few guys had gotten out of the pool, and the rest were talking with the remaining girls. We got out of the pool to dry off, at the end opposite where the guys were drying off. We hadn't gotten our hair too wet, so we just patted our ponytails until they were reasonably dry and finished toweling off our bodies. Creeping unnoticed in the shadows of the building were Eric and Brandon. As soon as I finished drying off and was reaching for my robe, they sprang. I uttered a little yelp of surprise, but each of them just grabbed one of my wrists. They led me inside, into the great room and into the corner closet and shut the door. It was a fairly roomy walk in storage closet with shelves full of extra linens and blankets and pillows. The other side had a shelf near the top and an empty clothes rod. They had no ropes, but sported big bulges in their shorts. They told me to kneel on the futon on all fours, while Brandon knelt in front of me and Eric behind. Brandon shoved his cock in my mouth. Eric probed and worked my pussy with his fingers, until I was good and wet, before entering me. The pizza and other food, plus the swim, had totally revived me. 
 
I could taste the pool chemicals on Brandon's cock, as he fucked my mouth slowly at first. By the time Eric was really pumping away at my pussy, all 3 of us seemed to be in perfect sync. Brandon came in my mouth first, and then Eric and I came almost simultaneously. It was those marvelous Viagra pills that benefited both the girls and the guys. They were ready to go again. Without moving themselves, they had me crawl around and face the closet door. We repeated the whole process. After Eric came in my mouth and I swallowed his cum, he pulled out and left the closet Brandon did a double dip with one condom. After we came the 1st time, he rested a few moments inside me. Then, he hammered my cunt again. I had an enormous orgasm a couple of minutes before Brandon came, and I had to ride my orgasm with him, until he came. Eric came back into the closet with some ropes. They tied my elbows and wrists behind my back, tied my knees and ankles together, rolled me on my back and left me lying there. I easily rolled on my side and curled up to enjoy the little tingly spasms still emanating from my pussy. I don't know how long I laid there enjoying myself. I may have dozed off, because I was startled when the closet door opened and Rob walked in.

He untied my knees and ankles. I told him that I was a little tired, and asked him if we could make sweet slow love. We did that. Rob did everything right. He kissed and made out with me until I was hot and breathless. He slowly kissed his way down my body, pausing to tenderly lick and suck my nipples. He used his fingers to get my pussy nice and wet before he entered me. We started slowly and picked up speed. I used the foam cushioning of the futon, like a mattress, to get my hips going and meet his thrusts. As we pumped away towards our inevitable climaxes, Rob came 1st, and I did it. It was something I rarely do. I could count the number of times, that I ever did this, on the fingers of one hand. I faked an orgasm! I felt so ashamed, but was really exhausted. I shuddered and moaned for a couple minutes and then asked Rob to untie me. I wanted to deliver pillows and blankets to the kids sleeping on futons. I left pillows and a blanket on the futon in the closet. I grabbed more and headed out to the great room, ass Rob left to join Ashley in the 2nd bedroom. The great room was generally quiet and dark, except for some fluorescent strip backlighting under the overhead cupboards along the kitchen wall. Five kids were sitting and talking softly on the 1st queen size sofa bed. I motioned to them that the futon in the closet was available. As I distributed pillows and lightweight blankets to the kids on the other 3 futons, I found some already asleep and covered them up. When I walked into my bedroom, Brian and Ryan were waiting for me. I told them I was sorry, but I was too tired to do anymore. I stretched out between them, kissed each goodnight, pulled up the covers and was asleep in an instant.

I was awakened from a sound sleep by someone's fingers stroking inside me. I was so groggy that I didn't even know who it was. He captured my mouth with his, to silence any sounds I might utter. Soon, he was on top of me and inside me. I was fully awake and alert now. Our rocking and humping woke up a lightly snoring Brian. He got up and went into the bathroom. When Ryan and I came, Brian came out of the bathroom with a huge woody. He was on me and in me in a flash. After the 2 of us came, it was back under the covers around 6:00 AM and back to sleep. We were awakened promptly at 10:00 AM by Lisa, with the news that breakfast was being served. I bolted out of bed, ran into the bathroom (no time for a shower), did my business, combed my hair and grabbed a robe on my way out to the great room. Lisa had made plenty of coffee. All the girls were up, along with at least half of the guys. People were munching donuts and pastries and drinking OJ and coffee, wherever they found a spot at the coffee table, kitchen countertop or island countertop. I got the griddle fired up and cooked scrambled and fried eggs for anyone wanting them. I knew scrambled eggs were Brian's and Ryan's favorites. I ate as I cooked and joined in the general conversations and favorable comments about the party. Later, when the guys were dressed and leaving, I asked them to pickup the papers and boxes in the yard and put them in a garbage can. I gave them the leftover pizza from the freezer, plus the donuts and pastries. The girls stayed to strip the beds and put on fresh linens and cleanup the eating areas and start the dishwasher. I spent most of the afternoon cleaning the rest of the guest apartment, before I showered and collapsed in my bed upstairs in my own room.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the next 2-3 weeks, the talk all over school was about the party. We received no admonishments for the kidnappings. Ashley and I had to endure a few boob jokes, but I learned that virtually all of the guys out in my lawn that night had seen our boobs at various private parties, especially our topless blowjobs at a football party sophomore year. Any girls who were there that night had certainly seen our tits in PE class showers. The invitations for the Topless Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament and bondage sex party went out the week after our 1st Cheerleader Initiation Party. There were actually three pages; the first being the invitation itself offering cash prizes to the winners, the 2nd page listed the rules of the card game and the note that the normal blinds would be eliminated, and the 3rd page showed the various poker hands ranked from highest to lowest. Within a week guys were playing and practicing Texas Hold 'Em at lunch everyday, using toothpicks or wooden matchsticks to play for.

We did have our cheerleader's canned food drive the week of October 14, 2002. My Mom found a shelter and food pantry that desperately needed canned food donations. We had 2 cheerleaders at the 2 entrances to the school each day that week. There were plenty of boxes marked for donations from each class. We made it a contest and pitted one class against each other. Daily reminders were announced over the school's PA system each day. However, the Varsity cheerleaders took some of our profits from our bikini calendar sales and went to a Big Lots store. We bought cases and cases of the most needed canned goods, thus insuring a win for the senior class.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 2nd Cheerleader Initiation Party With Topless Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament and Bondage Sex Games -

Each of us played some part in the poker tournament planning and execution. Stephanie and Brittany were the initiates this time and got to invite people. Beth and Rhonda were co-hostesses and set the games and rules, but since it was being held at Meagan's, she too had to be in on it. Lisa kibitzed, of course. Ashley and I were dealing the card tournament, along with Lisa and Meagan. Finally, my Mom used a caterer to cook and serve all our Holiday dinner parties every year. She arranged for all the food, except dessert. I was surprised at the number of kids who would attend, but the caterer suggested that we allow 2 pieces for each girl, and 3 pieces per guy, of her delicious fried chicken, to be served cold. There would also be white meat chicken salad, potato salad, coleslaw and fruit salad. We bought boxes and boxes of Hostess Twinkies, Ding Dongs, Ho Hos, cupcakes and fruit pies.

On Saturday, October 26, 2002, after a little lunch, I picked up Ashley just after 12:00 noon and drove to Meagan's to help setup the party. Ashley wore the same outfit she was initiated in, while I visited 3WISHES.COM, right after that party, and ordered another similar outfit with a white short sleeved crop top that tied between my boobs and a very short blue plaid pleated skirt. When we arrived the rental company had just finished setting up tables and chairs inside and out on the pool deck. Our caterer was carrying her prepared food into the kitchen. Ashley and I packed 2 refrigerators full of trays of foil covered fried chicken and bowls of all 4 salads. We filled 3 coolers with canned pop and bottled water, and loaded them with ice. One was left in the ballroom and the other 2 were taken out to the poolside eating area. Finally we set out heavy duty foam plates, plastic silverware and plenty of large napkins, along with the boxes of Hostess desserts. There were 4 large picnic tables setup on the pool deck, with enough folding chairs to seat 10 at each table, plus 2 more tables for serving food. The caterer had left a long narrow stainless steel box on one of the serving tables. Later we could put ice in it and place the more perishable salad serving bowls into the ice.

You remember Meagan's large ballroom and the 6 guest bedrooms off an adjacent hall. Along each of the 2 long walls are 8 floor-to-ceiling columns, which stand about 8' in from the walls, and are excellent for tying girls to. At each end of the ballroom, tables were setup to pile excess clothes, as they needed to come off, and to pile the ropes and other bondage equipment. We didn't have regulation green felt topped poker tables. Instead, there were simply 4 round wooden tables with 7 chairs around each (6 players and the dealer). Finally, scattered along the outer walls, behind the columns, were 8 full size futons for later that evening. This party was not to be an all-nighter and people would leave by midnight at the latest.

The girls were to be there by 1:30 PM and started arriving around 1:15 PM. I knew there were to be 14 girls, but I didn't know who was coming besides our 8 cheerleaders. It turned out that the 3 girls who did topless BJs with us at that football party came, along with 3 more senior girls who went to Catholic Jr. High and Meagan had been close friends with. Beth and Rhonda, our co hostesses, took charge. They told all the girls to take off their tops and bras. This was a topless poker tournament. The 10 girls not dealing the poker tournament were also told to remove their panties, but leave their little skirts on. They were instructed to get a large towel, fold it and get comfortable kneeling with their backs to one of the columns. Rhonda told the girls that they would be there to give blowjobs to any of the players after they were eliminated from the game. However, there was a twist. If any guy finger fucked a girl to orgasm, that guy would get a $10.00 bonus! The girls weren't supposed to tell the guys about the bonus, but I knew some would. In fact, our initiates, Stephanie and Brittany insisted that they wanted to get finger fucked as much as possible. Meagan, Lisa, Ashley and I, the 4 topless dealers, moved down the columns tying the 10 girl's wrists behind each column and hobbling their ankles behind each column. Meagan disappeared for a few moments and came back with a roll of duct tape and a marker. She tore off 2 strips and plastered them across Stephanie's and Brittany's bellies. She wrote on each strip, "PLEASE FINGER FUCK ME!"

The guys started arriving before we had the last girl secured. They were told to bring swim trunks. In addition, there was a $5.00 per person entry fee, along with a box of condoms. We were going to take their combined $120.00 entry fees (24 guys X $5.00) and match that amount, to be given away as cash prizes for the various winners. Beth told the guys to take off their shirts and place them and their swimsuits on the table at the far end of the ballroom. Then, they could pick a chair at one of the four tables and count out 100 poker chips apiece from the chip caddies. The colors didn't matter. All chips were worth 1 point. Refreshments were offered, and when everyone was settled, we started the tournament right around 2:00 PM. I had 3 seniors from Catholic Jr. High school at my table plus, 3 juniors, including Neal and John. We simply used an old ashtray to move around the table after each hand, to mark who got dealt the first card and who bet 1st in each round of a game. The antes were only 2 chips and I mentioned earlier that we eliminated using blinds. If you are not familiar with this card game, simply do an Internet search for "how too play texas hold 'em poker."&nbsp; 

When everyone was settled at my table, I shuffled the deck of cards, briefly went over the house rules and said, "The ante is 2 chips." Then, I dealt 2 cards face down to each player (hole cards). There was a round of betting based solely on what each player held in the hole. Next, I buried (burned) a card and dealt 3 cards face down in the center of the table and flipped them over (the flop). These 3 communal cards, plus 2 more to come, could be combined in any way with 1 or 2 of a player's hole cards, to make the best 5 card poker hand they could. There was another round of betting, before I burned another card and dealt a 4th card face up in the center of the table (the turn card). After yet another round of betting, I burned another card and dealt the 5th card face up in the center of the table (the river card). I didn't make up the names. I'm sure they are steeped in Texas tradition. After the final round of betting and raises, I declared the winning hand and distributed the "pot" to the winner. The discards from each hand were kept face down at my side. With guys folding, I could deal 3 hands from one deck of cards, before I had to re-shuffle the deck. I will not go into a discussion of card counting and "pot odds" here. When a player went "all in" (bet all his remaining chips) and lost, or when a player simply didn't have enough chips left to meet someone's bet, they were out of the game. I told every player, as they left the game, that they could get 1 or more blowjobs from any girl tied to a column. I never mentioned finger fucking any of the girls. 

My back was to most of the ballroom as I dealt the cards, but I could always hear the slurping sounds of blowjobs in progress. When I occasionally took a glance behind me, I could see that the girls were being kept busy. Every so often I heard Stephanie or Brittany succumbing to a finger fuck orgasm. It was probably 45 minutes to an hour into the game, when the guys behind me seemed to get the word and started finger fucking any girl they wanted. After about 1-1/2 hours, it came down to Neal and John and one final hand. It appeared that one was hoping to fill either end of a straight, while the other was hoping for the river card to give him a flush. John filled a King high straight, but Neal got a 5th club for a flush and was the winner of my table. My table was the last to finish, and Neal and John made a beeline for Stephanie and Brittany. The winners of the 4 tables were going to play another table to determine the champion, while the runner-ups at the 4 tables would also play another table to compete for cash prizes. A break was declared.

Lisa, Meagan, Ashley and I released the girls tied to the columns, except for Stephanie and Brittany, our initiates. After that, Beth and Rhonda each had a wad of $10.00 bills. They were paying off the guys who had finger fucked a girl.&nbsp; The rest of the girls grabbed something to drink and were huddled in the middle of the ballroom. The guys stood in clusters near the 4 tables. Lisa and Meagan came up to Ashley and me and informed us that we would have to take a turn tied to a column during the final 2 tables. Ashley and I discretely stepped behind the girl's clothing table and slipped our thongs off. Meagan took Ashley to a column 3 away from our bound initiates. Lisa took me to a column directly across from Ashley. When I saw Ashley's tits thrust out, I knew she was also getting her elbows tied. I knelt down on a towel and Lisa tied my wrists and elbows behind my column. My nipples hardened immediately. While the stretching and tightness across my chest did feel good, the extra elbow tie was unnecessary. My ankles were hobbled together behind the column and I wasn't going anywhere. I made a note to myself to get back at Lisa and Meagan, when they were going to be the initiates of our 4th initiation party, and Ashley and I would be the hosts and planners. The winners and runner-up were huddled around a table cutting cards, and Beth and Rhonda wer writing something down on paper. I didn't know what that was all about. The final tables were starting play.

The guys all huddled around the final 2 tables to watch. The girls sat around the 2 empty tables, mostly talking, but my view of the final 2 tables was obliterated. In not much more than 5 minutes, Neal worked his way through the tables over to me. He was a little pissed at being the 1st one out, and said he made a sucker bet and lost, but he earned a $20.00 cash prize. He knelt down in front of me and his hand went under my skirt. Two things immediately came to mind. First, he must have been told at the table that I was waiting to get finger fucked. Secondly, he was the last to leave my table and get a BJ, and now he was eliminated first. He must have needed some play to get it up, before he would be ready for another blowjob. Neal was quickly getting me wet and turning me on. He had worked one finger inside me and was stimulating and probing my pussy. Soon, a 2nd finger easily slipped into my wet and wanting cunt. He teased the Hell out of my pussy making me moan loud enough so that the girls at a nearby table noticed and began watching. Little teasing rubs of my clit brought me closer and closer to the edge, only to be frustrated when he stopped and started over. Finally, I saw the bulge in Neal's crotch. He had worked himself hard by fingering me. With one final rapid pumping of his fingers, followed by a vigorous rubbing of my clit, I cascaded into my 1st thunderous orgasm of the day. The girls who were watching cheered. Before I could come down from that orgasm, Neal had his jeans and boxers pulled down and his stiff cock was poised on my open heavily breathing lips. He shoved his cock into my mouth and began thrusting away. Neal didn't last more than about 10 minutes. He came in my mouth. I swallowed his cum and licked him off a bit, but he was eager to get to the unoccupied Stephanie.

Almost on Neal's heels Tyler, Lisa's favorite boyfriend, came to me. He had a smile on his face, a fistful of cash in his hand and a bulge in his pants. "I'm so glad you are available, Christine," he said, "Everyone says you give the best blowjobs!" I had heard that many times before both from guys I had sucked off, and those I hadn't, and even from a few who had used that compliment in their failed pickup attempts. GET REAL! Tyler's statement had left me at a loss for words, but I was fairly certain that I had sucked him off a few times over the years. I was thinking that he had been thinking with his dick at the poker table. I licked Tyler's balls, sucked his balls and licked his shaft good and wet, before ever taking him in my mouth. He let me do all the work, and I loved what I was doing to him. I sucked and bobbed up and down on his cock, at my own pace and taking him into my throat several times. Eventually he shot his pent-up load of cum into my mouth. After I swallowed it and licked him off, Tyler tucked his dick away, knelt in front of me, and easily fingered me to my 2nd great orgasm of the afternoon.&nbsp; 

There was quite a commotion going on around the 2 final poker tables. It seemed they were down to the last 2 players at each table. After 5-10 minutes, a big cheer rang out from one of the tables. Brandon had won the final hand and was the big winner, while one of the seniors took 2nd prize. After another 10 minutes or so, everyone roared their approval. Eric had won the championship at the winner's table. Beth announced that all the guys were to change into their swim trunks and go out and play in the pool. In a lower voice right by me, Rhonda told all the girls to put on their panties and take off their skirts and go out to the pool. Ryan emerged from the crowd and came over to me. He said that he won 2nd place and got to play with me, because the winners had won the right to screw Stephanie and Brittany. I said, "Hey, that's great, but please let me suck you hard, and then I need a good mouth fucking!" With 2 blowjobs behind me, I was ready for someone to ram his cock down my throat. I licked Ryan's cock and balls thoroughly. He was already hardening up nicely. I took him in my mouth and within a few minutes, he was hard as a rock. Ryan took over from there and held my head steady. He thrust and rammed his stiff member into my throat repeatedly, while I sucked for all I was worth. Ryan groaned and shuddered when he came spewing his load of hot cum into my throat. Ryan held my head with one hand and fingered my pussy with the other. He made out with me, while he stroked my pussy and clit to my 3rd tremendous orgasm of the afternoon.

More Fun and Games &#8211;

Meagan eventually freed me, and Ashley was untied by Lisa. All four of us slipped into our thongs, took off our skirts and shoes and headed outside. As we past Stephanie and Brittany, tied to the last columns, Beth and Rhonda had un-hobbled their ankles and got them to their feet. They stood; still bound to their columns, with their legs spread waiting for Eric and Brandon to claim their bonus prize. When we got out to the pool deck, all of the guys were in the pool tossing 2 footballs around. The 6 non-cheerleader girls were in the shallow end of the pool talking in a group, while they knelt on the pool bottom with the water up around their necks. Ashley and I decided to go for a quick swim. The only place that we could find a free lane was to swim crosswise at the deep end of the pool. When we finished, we dried ourselves off and joined Lisa and Meagan at the only table on the small elevated patio with access to the kitchen. As we got settled, Eric and Brandon came out in their swim trunks waving their arms victoriously after conquering the poker tournament and our cheerleader initiates. They joined the guys in the pool. The 4 of us started talking and concluded that the party, so far, was a huge success. Lisa told us that the 8 guys at the 2 final tables had cut cards for the girls they wanted to play bondage sex games with, before play started, to guarantee them of at least one girl of their choice. However, there were some elaborate and convoluted BUTS. For instance, if 2 guys chose the same girl, they could be bumped by someone finishing higher in the tournament. Then, anyone was free to trade their choices and girls at anytime. We were just sex slaves in a guy's world. There would undoubtedly be a lot of horse trading during dinner.

After some time had passed, Beth and Rhonda brought Stephanie and Brittany out and took them to the edge of the pool. Our initiate's wrists were tied behind their backs and they wore only their thongs. Beth called everyone out of the pool. The 8 guys from the final 2 poker tables were told to divide up into 2 teams. Each team of 4 guys got to play with Stephanie and Brittany in the pool, while everyone else lined the edge of the pool to watch. The 2 girls were dragged down the steps at the end of the pool. Stephanie was taken into the shallow end of the pool. The 4 guys surrounded her and began splashing her until she was totally drenched. Then they took turns picking her up, spinning her around and tossing her towards another guy. She, of course, was dunked and came up sputtering and gasping for breath. Each of them openly felt her up and put their hands underwater to obviously finger her pussy. Meanwhile, the other 4 guys dragged Brittany into what was neck deep water for them, but it was obviously too deep for Brittany to stand and be able to breathe. They decided to play "torpedo" with her and divided into pairs and stood about 20' apart. After each guy in a pair kissed Brittany, their hands went under water, and she was obviously getting felt up and fingered. After the 1st pair finished with her, they pushed her under water and shoved her by her legs towards the other pair. Brittany had to kick her feet underwater and propel herself to the next pair of guys. Back and forth Brittany kicked, surfaced and was felt up and fingered at each end. After about 20 minutes, Beth called a halt to their fun.

Stephanie and Brittany emerged from the pool looking like drowned cats, but had smiles on their faces. They were taken to a corner up by the house, untied and allowed to dry themselves off. Meagan asked Lisa, Ashley and me to start carrying out the food for dinner. She got a few guys to dump some crushed ice bags from the chest freezer into the caterer's serving tray, so that we could set the bowls of various salads into the ice. Most of the guys pounced on the food when it was ready. When the line had dwindled to a trickle, the 4 of us got our food and pop and took it back up the 2 steps to the patio table overlooking everything. After I started to eat, I noticed Beth and Rhonda bring Stephanie and Brittany to the ends of 2 picnic tables, where the guys were chomping down their food. The 2 initiates had dried themselves off and combed out and fixed their hair. Each girl was made to kneel on a towel at the end of a picnic table. Fresh dry rope bound their wrists behind their backs. Beth called out the names of 4 juniors to come and bring their food. The guys already eating at the ends of those 2 tables had to move so that the guys called could sit across from each other and next to a bound kneeling girl. Rhonda announced, "Stephanie and Brittany need a little help eating, and these 4 guys are going to feed the girls whatever they want!"

While we ate, we watched the 4 guys feeding Stephanie and Brittany. You should have seen those girls going after pieces of cold fried chicken. They gnawed off big chunks and had chicken skin dangling down their chins. When it came time for their dessert, the guys stuffed a whole Hostess Twinkie in each of their mouths. We were finished eating at our table and it looked like everyone had gotten all the food they wanted. Stephanie and Brittany were on their feet getting their greasy faces wiped off. Then the 4 guys were leading Stephanie and Brittany off into the house. As the girls departed, they swayed their hips and wiggled their butts as only those 2 sassy girls could. Lisa, Ashley and I helped Meagan carry in the unconsumed food. After I consolidated the uneaten trays of fried chicken and stored them in a refrigerator, I used a bathroom. I came out and got the last bowls of the salads. After consolidating and storing them, I came back out on the patio. Ashley was missing and Brandon and Eric were waiting for me on the patio. Eric pinned my arms behind my back and Brandon produced a pair of nipple clamps. They looked identical to mine, but mine were at home, weren't they? They must have been Lisa's. I yelped twice when the clamps were affixed around my stretched taut nipples, which drew everyone's gaze. My wrists were bent around behind me and up between my shoulder blades in a double hammerlock.&nbsp; My wrists were crossed and tied, and everyone was watching me. A long rope was tied around my upper arms, and over and under my protruding breasts, effectively rendering my hands and arms immobile. As they led me down the 2 patio steps, across the pool deck and into the ballroom, everyone cheered, and I did my best rendition of a defiant hip sway and ass wiggle. 

They led me down the left side of the ballroom, through the doorway into the long hall and into bedroom #4 of 6. I figured that Stephanie, Brittany and Ashley were already in the first 3 bedrooms getting their brains fucked silly. Once secure inside the bedroom, Eric reminded Brandon, "You remember that Christine likes it a little rough, and that's what we're going to do with her!" He threw a pillow down on the floor. My thong was stripped off, and I was blindfolded and ballgagged. Next the 2 of them worked from the front and rear to tie a deep burrowing crotch rope on me. I was forced down on my knees and then bent over so that my face rested on the pillow and my ass stuck up in the air. They spanked my sorry ass until it really burned and hurt. I was back up on my feet and they pulled me with a rope attached to my waist rope. Back we went out of the bedroom, down the hall and into the ballroom, where they must have stopped near its center. "Hey EVERYBODY, look at this smart ass girl we've got," yelled Eric, "Does anyone want to trade her for 2nd hour?" The room hushed. Any sounds of real or imagined sex that I heard abruptly stopped. They slowly spun me around a couple times. I wasn't thinking about how my ass looked, rather that everyone could see my oozing cleanly shaved pussy. I didn't know who was in the room, but probably around 6 of the 24 guys at the party had never seen me totally naked before. There were whispered conversations among many guys nearby where I stood. Soon, I was being pulled back towards bedroom #4. A bargain must have been struck and I was traded like a piece of meat. When the door closed on our bedroom, I was pushed down to my knees, the gag was removed, and before I could settle into a comfortable position, a stiff cock was buried in my throat. 

He fucked my mouth uninterrupted, until he spewed his load of cum into my throat. As soon as I licked him clean, I was up on my feet and thrown on the bed. They rolled me onto my back and pulled me towards the end of the mattress, until my head hung backwards over the edge of the bed. One of the guys rested his stiff member on my upside down chin and in an obviously recognizable voice he said, "Lick and suck my balls." Trying to live up to being a smart ass, I retorted, "OK Eric, you might as well take off my blindfold, because I can easily tell you guys apart." He did. Then, I gave his balls a good licking and sucking. He made the head of his cock available for me to lick and suck, before he rammed his dick into my mouth. I had done probably fewer than 10 upside down blowjobs, and I always thought that it was better to have my tongue slide along the underside of his shaft, as in a conventional BJ. But, as I sucked Eric's cock, he'd held it in my throat and moved it back and forth only about 1/2"-1". Maybe the sensitive glans on the underside of his penis got more friction and sensation from rubbing the back of my throat in that position. 

Meanwhile, Brandon was wrecking havoc between my legs. He had climbed on the bed, spread my legs and settled between them. It felt like his busy little fingers were strumming my crotchrope. When he wasn't doing that, he used a thumb and forefinger from each hand to pinch and pull my open pussy lips. All that almost made me come, but I had to concentrate on the dick bettering my mouth. When Eric came, I gagged a little on his cum. Some of his load got caught in my throat and I had to twist my head to one side in order to catch a breath and swallow his hot semen in my throat. After I licked him off, there was still some cum pooled in the roof of my mouth yet to be swallowed. Next, I was kneeling on the bed and my crotchrope was removed. Then, I was on my back, with my head near the end of the mattress, and my legs were spread. The 2 of them fucked the shit out of me! I came 3 times, but neither of them stopped until he had come. It had been too long since I was manhandled and treated like that, and I LOVED IT!&nbsp; My orgasms were so much more exquisitely intense when I was treated a little rough. They still wanted more! I had read that Viagra was prescribed mostly to older people with erectile dysfunction, but these guys certainly had no problems getting it up in the past. The guys undoubtedly found some doctor who prescribed the blue pill for them to enhance their performance. 

Brandon decided he wanted to try an upside down BJ. I was again dragged so that my head was hanging backwards over the edge of the mattress. While Brandon fucked my mouth, Eric was between my legs. He lazily fingered my pussy just to frustrate me. After about 10 minutes of this, he gathered my legs, raised them up and held them on his shoulders. I could feel the head of his cock probing and teasing the entrance to my love tunnel. When Brandon finally came and I licked him off, Eric lowered my legs and entered me. I had an almost immediate orgasm, but Eric pumped away at my pussy until we both came. My legs were tied together. I groaned loudly from the pain, when my nipple clamps were removed, but they were heading out the door. I was left there tied in my stringent upper body bondage, with my head still hanging over the edge of the mattress. WOW, what had just happened? It was non-stop and seemed like a hit and run. I breathed deeply as the bloodflow return to my tender nipples. Then, I was able to wriggle myself back up on the mattress, curl up in a ball and enjoy all those wonderful sensations that still coursed through my body. 

Sometime later, I was interrupted by3 juniors charging into the bedroom. While 2 of them untied my legs, the 3rd one pulled out a wooden sitting chair, with padded seat cushion, from under a dressing table and set it in the middle of the floor. I was bent over the back of the chair so that it burrowed into my tummy. The chair seemed rather new and sturdy. Thank GOD that the top wooden rail of the back of the chair was smooth rounded wood. Before I could even get my feet positioned comfortably, one of the guys was fingering my love tunnel getting me wet and ready for his cock. Shortly thereafter, he entered me and began rhythmically screwing me doggie-style. As we got going, the 2nd guy stepped in front of me, grabbed my ponytail and told me to suck him hard. As the guy behind picked up speed, my mouth slid up and down as fast on the 2nd guy's cock, and the chair under me started creaking. The 1st guy came and pulled out. He went into the bathroom for only a minute to shed his condom and cleanup a bit, and then he left the room. However, immediately after the 1st guy came, the 2nd guy was behind me shoving the cock that I had just sucked hard into my gaping pussy. While he fucked me, the 3rd guy presented his cock for me to stiffen up. They had kind of a round robin assembly line going, with my mouth and pussy always full. After the 2nd guy came, the 3rd guy replaced him behind my ass. I remember that as he entered me, he had a really thick cock that was not particularly long. He reamed me out pretty good. He moved his hips in a circular fashion as he fucked me and stretched my love hole even larger. I had been coming all over the place, with no connection to when they came, and had lost count of my orgasms. It was that thick cock in me that caused me not to notice the 1st guy slip back into our room. But, he was back in front of me, and told me to suck him off this time. I actually sucked him off and swallowed his cum, before the 3rd guy finally came. Then, they packed my pussy with grapes!

#1 and #2 freed me from my stringent double hammer-lock and breast bondage, while #3 cleaned himself up. That was good, because my shoulders were getting a little sore. They re-tied my wrists crossed behind my back and took me to the side of the bed. They got me on my back crosswise near the center of the bed. My legs were spread wide apart and each of them straddled one of my legs holding me spread wide open. #3 brought over a glistening freshly washed bunch of green grapes that #1 had obviously brought back into the room. The 3 of them took turns plucking a grape from the bunch and stuffing one into my pussy. Some of the grapes were oblong and others were smaller and round. Every once in a while one of them shoved a finger up my cunt packing them in. When they were satisfied that my pussy was fully packed, they got me up on my feet and pulled up my thong tightly giving me a wedgie. It was quite an unusual sensation. My pussy juices were mingling with the solid grapes and I could feel the little lumps against my pussy walls. They pushed me down on my knees and I had to give each of them blowjobs. One of them always held my bound wrists up forcing my mouth to be impaled on the cock in my mouth. When all of them shot their wads and I swallowed their come, they got me back up on my feet. I don't know if any of the grapes had burst, but my thong was sopping wet and juices were running down my inner thighs. One of them got a large towel out of the bathroom, doubled it and spread it out in the center of the bed. They untied my wrists and arranged me on the bed with the towel under my pussy. My arms were stretched and tied to the cornerposts at the top of the bed. 

At first, they were just going to tie my legs together, but #1 thought that maybe they could pack some more grapes into my pussy. My soaked thong was pulled off and my ankles were tied spread-eagle to the cornerposts at the foot of the bed. They managed to pack a couple more grapes into my pussy, and got one bigger fat one and pushed it in. I could feel it at the opening of my vagina. They left the remainder of the bunch of grapes lying between my legs. The final indignity was when #3 got an apple from the bowl of fruit on the dressing table. Now, I've worn a 2" rubber ballgag and could sink my teeth into it, but this apple was bigger! They forced my jaw wide open and got the apple behind my teeth. But, this was not a real apple. It was a paraffin apple and I could not sink my teeth much into it. Then, they left me.

I tried and tried to push the wax apple out of my mouth with my tongue, but it was useless. Next, I tried ejecting the grapes. I contracted and relaxed my vaginal muscles, and then pushed and strained like a woman in labor. I felt the big fat grape plugging the entrance to my twat plop out and maybe a couple more. I tried this several more times and got a few more grapes out. I could feel the grapes shifting inside of me and some of the pressure and stuffed feeling eased. Then, my Savior, Ryan walked in the door by himself. I couldn't have thought of a better guy to rescue me from my dilemma. Ryan could only smile as he sized up my problem, while I moaned and whined and shook my head trying to say, "GET THIS FUCKING APPLE OUT OF MY MOUTH!" Finally, he got the idea and grasped the apple, between my open teeth, with his thumb and middle finger. With his other hand he pried my jaw open just a little wider and extracted the paraffin apple. I thanked him profusely and exercised my stiff jaw. He went into the bathroom and brought out a plastic lined wastebasket (the depository for all used condoms). He threw the remainder of the bunch of grapes and the ones I had expelled into the wastebasket. I told him how I had gotten some of the grapes out. He lay down on the bed, with his face in my pussy, and told me to push. He sealed his lips around the opening to my love hole and began to suck. Slurp, slurp, slurp, I heard and felt the grapes get sucked into Ryan's mouth. He spit them out into the wastebasket.

We did this a few more times and Ryan thought we probably had gotten them all. He got up and probed around inside me with his middle finger and came out with one more squished one. "There," he said, "Now I know just what you need. Ryan climbed right on top of me crushing my body into the mattress. We made out for at least 10-15 minutes, before he slithered down my body to a point where his mouth was between my breasts. He kissed both breasts all over and then went to work on my nipples. Even before Ryan finished licking and sucking them, I was a writhing moaning hot and horny girl bucking under him. He knelt between my legs and fingered my pussy. At one point, Ryan had 3 fingers sliding in and out of my cunt, while I gasped at the intensity and pleasure of each thrust. Suddenly, he had only his middle finger feeling around inside me, and the first 2 fingers of his other hand started rubbing my clit. HE FOUND IT! Ryan rubbed my g-spot and my clit simultaneously. I screeched from the ferocity of my orgasm, and I came and gushed and came and squirted my pussy juices all over Ryan's hand and the towel under me. However, I had only a few moments to enjoy that orgasm, because Ryan's finger was again in there rubbing my g-spot, and the fingers of his other hand were again teasing my now extra-sensitive clit. He took me to the edge and over the top one more time. The ecstasy of my orgasm was almost too much for me, as I shook and gushed and convulsed and squirted again. This was my first time to do a double-squirt, and I figured it had really flushed my pussy clean. Finally, Ryan took the pussy juice soaked towel out from under me and made long slow love with me, TWICE!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have a couple final notes, before ending this chapter. The word of our 2nd party spread through school the following week. Everyone that attended had a great time. The odd thing was that people were comparing our 1st 2 parties, although I saw no comparison. The funniest part was when people who hadn't even attended either party, talked like they were there and were spouting off from at least 2nd or 3rd hand information. Looking back, the grapes up my pussy had been a fun clever prank, with no harm done, although I did ruin a paraffin apple with my teeth marks. Remember these parties were billed as "Cheerleader Initiation" parties, with the 2 initiates at each party getting surprised, controlled, played with and screwed the most, thanks to the hostesses for each party. Of course, the purpose of these parties was for each cheerleader to get tied up and laid, and all the guys got the benefit of getting their rocks off with some cute chicks.

To continue in the good graces of our high school administration, we did hold our promised clothing drive for a homeless shelter during the week of November 11, 2002. This was not a shelter that took in derelict old men, but rather mostly sheltered families with children of all ages. Thus they wanted good clean used clothing for children and adults of any age and size. We again pitted the 4 classes against each other to see who could bring in the most clothes. I went through my closets and found a lot of clothes that I would never wear again, and even my parents contributed some things. The homeless shelter gratefully picked up the clothes each morning of that week after classes had started. Daily totals and class standings were read in the home room announcements each day. The seniors didn't win this battle of prides. Instead, we came in 2nd to a scrappy well organized sophomore class.

Next &#8211; The 3rd Cheerleader Initiation Party.

CONTINUED &#8211;

 









Senior Year
By Christine 
christine33113@yahoo.com
Part 2 &#8211; Chapter 12 - 

The 3rd Cheerleader Initiation Party &#8211;

The upcoming Cheerleader Initiation Party was scheduled for Friday, November 22, 2002, the weekend before Thanksgiving Vacation week. Beth and Rhonda were to be initiated this time, and Brittany and Stephanie were the planners and hostesses. Our miserable football season was over and cheering for the basketball team would not start until after December 1st, but we still had cheerleader practice twice a week after school. During the week leading up to the party, none of the girls could get anything out of Brittany or Stephanie about the party, except that it was to be some kind of a scavenger hunt and a kidnapping of the initiates from school on Friday. All other details were "Top Secret." Lisa and I talked with some of the guys going to the party, but they were as much in the dark as we were. Besides the requisite vehicle and condoms, each guy was to have a watch and $10.00 cash.

On Thursday, after cheerleader practice, all the girls turned over their bondage equipment and vibrators to Brittany and Stephanie. This included my old duffle containing about 50 precut pieces of rope, nylon and silk gags/blindfolds, padded leather cuffs, vibrators and all the lesbian bondage equipment that I had received the summer of my 16th birthday. Before leaving, we did a quick run-through practice of the next day's kidnapping. I would tie Beth's hands behind her back, Lisa would gag Beth, and Brittany would take her books and purse and lead us out of school. Our late November weather was a little too cool to be riding around in convertibles. Meagan and I would drive the 2 kidnap cars to school the next day. Finally, Lisa and I were instructed to be at Brittany's house precisely at 6:00 PM the following night, wearing our sexy slutty 3 WISHES.COM outfits. Meagan and Ashley were given the same instructions, except they had to arrive precisely at 6:15 PM.
 
The Scavenger Hunt &#8211;

Friday dawned as a bright sunny cool day, but it would warm up and be a beautiful day. I just wore a medium weight dress and left early. I picked up Lisa first and then Beth. Beth dressed for her kidnapping by wearing a tight sweater that showed off her big boobs and a tight skirt. Finally, I picked up Brittany. She gave me a piece of rope to use to tie Beth's wrists after school. Lisa was given a silk scarf to use as a gag, and Brittany put a sign up in my back window that said "Cheerleader Initiation." When we got to school not many cars were in the student parking lot yet. I backed into a slot about 2/3 of the way down the parking lot from the student entrance. Meagan pulled in a few minutes later and backed into a place next to my Buick LeSabre. There was also an identical sign in her back window. We all walked into school together. At lunch that day, there was a little buzz around the lunchroom about the kidnapping and the idea that the cheerleaders were going to have another one of our initiation parties. I'm sure many kids saw the signs in the back windows of our cars, and the guys who were invited had undoubtedly spread the word.

After classes were over, we all rushed to our lockers to get ready for the kidnapping. Lisa, Ashley and Beth were huddled around my locker and Brittany came racing to join us. When we saw that the other group was ready, we set off down the hall past the counselors offices, turned the corner and walked down the other hall a few feet to the women's restroom. The other group was right behind us. Brittany took Beth's purse and she was the only one who had any books. I tied Beth's wrists behind her back, while Lisa gagged her with the silk scarf. It took only a minute for Beth and Rhonda to be gagged and tied. Brittany led the way out of the bathroom and into the hall, and Lisa and I hustled Beth along. Beth put on a really good show, straining and struggling all the way, and thrusting her big boobs out for everyone to see in her tight sweater. Down the hall we marched, to the cheers and applause of the students still at their lockers, out the doors and down the stairs into the student parking lot. It looked like nobody had left. Lisa and I manhandled Beth down to my car, which was surrounded by senior guys, most of whom would be attending the party later that night. I opened up my car and Lisa got Beth into the back seat. With her hands tied, there was no ladylike way for Beth to climb into the backseat. She had to plant one leg inside the car and stretch her legs, before being able to get her other leg in. In doing so, her tight skirt rode up to her hips and those standing close by got a little peek at her black panties. Lisa climbed in back with Beth and Brittany sat in front next to me. When Meagan's car was loaded we took off. 

Brittany told me to head for Burger King. We pulled into the drive thru lane and Brittany gave me a list of sandwiches, fries and onion rings to order. We waited for Meagan's car, which also picked up an order. Then, Brittany told me to head for the deli. Brittany and Stephanie went inside and came out a few minutes later each carrying 2 big bags. She said that she got some sandwiches for later that night. Our next stop was Brittany's house. When we got there, Yoshi and Carol came out to help get the 2 kidnapped girls inside, along with all the food. When I saw Yoshi and Carol, I immediately knew what was in store for Beth and Rhonda. Lisa and Ashley had previously kidnapped me and delivered me to those same 4 girls. Beth and Rhonda were in store for a couple of hours of pussy eating fun! I wound up taking Lisa and Ashley home, while Meagan took the more direct route to her house. I got home a little after 4:00 PM and had about 2 hours to eat something and get ready to meet back at Brittany's by 6:00 PM. I took a nice long shower, dried off, did my hair and put it up in a ponytail. I scrounged in the refrigerator and found a little something to eat. Back upstairs in my room I got dressed in my original 3WISHES.COM outfit, with the scoop neck white crop top fastened by 2 buttons below my breasts, the obscenely short red plaid pleated skirt, red panties and low heels. I loaded up my large purse with my cosmetics, 2 extra pairs of panties and some extra condoms. A girl must always be prepared. I picked up Lisa at about 5:45 PM and we pulled into Brittany's driveway at precisely 5:58 PM.

There were 4 vehicles lined up in front of her house, so I parked in front of the garage. Stephanie and Brittany were waiting for us at the front door. I saw no one else around and we got no further than the front entrance hall. The girls took our purses and used our own padded leather wrist cuffs to buckle our arms behind our backs. Lisa and I were then gagged with our own penis gags, and finally blindfolded using a black sleepmask. Stephanie went down the hall and shouted out for Team #2. I think there were 2 guys, plus Stephanie and Brittany, who guided Lisa and me out the front door and into the driveway. I heard the sliding side door of the van that I saw parked in front of the house being opened. Lisa and I were helped inside. We had to crawl on our knees on the carpeted floor and we were laid out on our backs. The sliding door was closed. Someone got into the front and started up the van. Then we were off. We drove for maybe 5 minutes. My little skirt had already ridden up to my hips exposing my panties. While we drove, there was one guy kneeling between Lisa and me. He played with my breasts, ran his hands over my legs and rubbed my pusssy through my panties. The van stopped and the driver got out. The guy between us was rummaging through a bag and I heard the unmistakable sound of a vibrator being revved up. My panties were pulled aside and a vibrator was shoved up my pussy and my panties replaced. I heard another vibrator start up, which was meant for Lisa's pussy. The buttons of my top were unfastened baring my breasts. The driver came back, started up the van and we were off again. During the rest of the ride my breasts and nipples were thoroughly felt and diddled. Lisa and I were both moaning into our gags. Eventually, we pulled off onto a noisy gravel road or driveway. 

The van stopped. Lisa and I were helped out of the van, into a building, and one guy helped each of us down a steep creaky stairway. I had no idea where we were. My wrists were un-cuffed, my scoop neck top was taken off, and my wrists were re-cuffed in front of me. A rope was tied to my wrist cuffs, and my arms were pulled up overhead and tied to something above me. In short order, my little skirt and red panties had been stripped from my body and the buzzing vibrator in my pussy was extracted. Finally, my blindfold was removed, but the penis gag stayed firmly buckled in my mouth. I had a chance to look around. We were in some kind of cellar room, and Lisa was strung up naked next to me. It turned out that the 2 guys who transported us were Tyler and Eric. In a corner area off to my right was a furnace/air conditioner unit, water heater and electric panel. Directly in front of me was a formerly empty workbench, attached to the wall, which now contained: Lisa's and my clothes, our purses, our vibrators in plastic bags, a large brown paper shopping bag, a sheet of paper, 2 small bags of Cheetos and a small ball of string. Next to the workbench, an old rounded top steamer trunk sat on the floor. Finally, 2 futons were unrolled and lying ready on the floor between Lisa and me and the furnace unit. The cellar room was clean, but had a slightly musty odor. While I looked around, Tyler and Eric were removing their pants and boxers and rolling a condom on their hard cocks. Lisa and I spread our legs and the guys took us right there. 

Tyler somewhat unceremoniously shoved his cock into my pussy. This reminded me that I didn't exactly know why Tyler was Lisa's favorite boyfriend. Even in my low heels, he was several inches taller than me. Towards the end, when he was really trying to fuck my brains out, he drove me up on my toes with every thrust. Lisa was getting fucked next to me, and we were both moaning and groaning into our penis gags. I came, and Tyler shot his wad about 5 or 6 thrusts later, which actually prolonged and heightened my own orgasm. After Eric finished with Lisa, our arms were released from the overhead beam they were tied to, and our wrists were re-cuffed behind our backs. Eric took me to one of the futons, while Tyler got Lisa on her back on the other one. After Brian and Ryan, Eric and Brandon were my favorite lovers, and I knew that I could always count on a good screwing with Eric. While my mouth was still stuffed with the penis gag, Eric did start on me by playing with my breasts and nibbling on my nipples. OH MY GOD, he rubbed my clit several times before he entered me, and my deep guttural moan was one of need. Eric and I were only just getting into a good rhythm, when I heard Tyler come. I should have been looking into Eric's eyes, as we began to pickup speed, but I glanced over at Tyler and Lisa. Tyler had Lisa on her feet and was preparing her for whatever would come next. Yet, I was enjoying the fucking I was getting and only the slightest twinge of an orgasm registered in my mind.

Eric continued my slow thorough fucking, but as we neared the finish line, it seemed that it was a race to see who could come first. I thrust back at him all the way, until we cascaded into the wonderful spasms of orgasm. Eric stayed inside me for an extra minute or so, and I lingered in orgasmic paradise for several more minutes, after Eric pulled out. When I finally opened my eyes and looked around, Tyler was dressed and impatiently glancing at his watch. I hadn't yet figured out their scavenger hunt game, but I was certainly having a lot of fun. Both guys got me to my feet. My vibrator was turned on low, shoved up my pussy and held deep inside me by a double stranded crotch rope. I was taken over to one of 2 posts that held up the ceiling beam about 15' from the other post where Lisa was already tied. One wrist was freed from my padded leather cuffs, but I was quickly backed up against the post and my wrists were again buckled behind my back and behind the post. While Eric tied my ankles together, I saw Tyler pull Lisa's and my nipple clamp cases out of the brown bag on the workbench. Lisa's and my nipples were pulled and stretched, and our nipple clamps were affixed. Then, that little ball of string that I saw earlier on the workbench was unfurled. Eric tied the end of the string to the middle of my nipple clamp chain. Tyler looped the ball of string over the middle of Lisa's nipple clamp chain and pulled it taut. It took only moments for the initial pain from the clamps to be assimilated by my brain and pussy, and then blur in the background. Tyler tied off the tight string around Lisa's nipple clamp chain and broke off the excess. As my nipples were pulled, the clamps dug in more. When Tyler fastened one of our weights to the center of the string, my knees buckled from the sharp pain from the additional stretching of my nipples. With Eric dressed, the guys picked up their stuff and bounded up the stairs.

Lisa and I were alone, bound to posts and attached to each other by the taut string, in someone's cellar room. It was all quiet and I could hear no other sounds coming from overhead in the house. The workbench was empty except for our purses, clothes, nipple clamp cases and the empty bags for our vibrators. My nipple clamps normally hung down, but with the pull of the string and weight, they were pulled horizontally causing my nipples to be twisted upwards. My nipples felt like they were on fire and the buzzing vibrator in my pussy kept me totally aroused, with no hope of coming. I looked at Lisa. I shook my head no and shrugged my shoulders, which caused the weight to bounce. We were in a real predicament. We dare not move much. Eventually, I got used to the pain and my heightened state of arousal. I found that sucking on the penis gag took my mind off my nipple pain, especially when the weight bounced. We may have stood there for 10 or 15 or 20 minutes or more, before I heard footsteps on the stairs. Rob and 2 juniors, John and Neal, came down the stairs. They deposited a brown bag, a sheet of paper, 3 bags of Cheetos, 3 large Snickers bars and a roll of Saran wrap on the workbench.

Rob removed the weight from the string and broke it off where it was tied to my nipple clamp chain. He was kind enough to softly suck my nipples when he removed the clamps and the pain from the returning bloodflow was not too bad. Lisa screamed when the inexperienced Neal took her clamps off. Rob untied my ankles and my penis gag was finally removed. He untied my crotch rope and extracted my vibrator. Finally, he freed me from the post, but re-buckled my wrists behind my back. He took me over to one of the futons and laid me out on my back. Meanwhile, John had pulled out the rounded top steamer trunk and moved the other futon over to it. Lisa was kneeling on a futon bent over the trunk with her wrists cuffed behind her back. During whatever time allotment these guys had, I was first royally screwed by Rob. Next, I was kneeling on the futon sucking John off. Then, they made me kneel on the other futon and bend over the steamer trunk. Neal fucked me from behind doggie style, while I had to suck off Rob. I wasn't exactly bent all the way over the trunk. Rob stood on the other side of the trunk, with his knees bent a little, and my torso was closer to a 45 degree angle from vertical. With my head bent back, Rob had a direct path for his cock to go right down my throat. Finally, I was bent all the way over the trunk and John fucked me good from behind. 

It was inevitable. I heard the WHACK behind me. I looked around to see Lisa lying on her belly on the other futon and Rob administering a hard spanking. John and Neal spanked my sorry ass red while I lay bent over that trunk. We may have gotten more aroused if they had spanked us before they fucked us. Lisa and I were up on our feet standing next to the futons, which had been lined up side by side, and the guys were dressed. Our vibrators were thrust up our cunts and held inside with a crotch rope. My vibrator was buzzing away at a faster speed than the lowest setting. Along with our already buckled wrists, our elbows were tied together behind our backs. Then, we were pushed together, face to face, tits to tits and pussy to pussy. While Neal kept Lisa and I pushed firmly against each other, Rob and John wrapped us up in Saran Wrap. They started at our necks and wrapped and stretched and overlapped the Saran Wrap down our bodies, until they ran out just above our ankles, where they wrapped the end around our legs and tied it off. Lisa and I were nearly totally cocooned in Saran Wrap. In a delicate operation, they pushed Lisa and me over, while supporting our bundled bodies, until we lay on our sides across the futons. They gathered up their stuff and took off up the stairs. 

Within minutes, I felt the first twinges of a building orgasm. Lisa and I were struggling around trying to loosen the Saran Wrap encompassing our bodies tightly together. We did manage to stretch and loosen the clear wrap around our necks, and could at least look each other in the eyes. Lisa started humping against me and she too was building up an orgasm while we lay nose to nose encased in clear plastic wrap. I humped back at Lisa, and she kissed me and shoved her tongue in my mouth. We came, but our buzzing vibrators gave us no chance to come down. We continued making out like a love struck teenage virginal couple, who hadn't yet made it to 2nd base. We came again. I never heard them coming. All of a sudden a shadow passed over my eyes. I looked up to see Ryan and Brian looming and laughing over us. Brian said, "You girls look like you're having a lot of fun all by yourselves!" "We've been watching you from the stairs all this time." Lisa looked a little pissed and said, "Get us out of this." They must have been watching for awhile and had sized up our situation, because Ryan had gotten a pair of scissors from somewhere. He started at our ankles and efficiently sliced our cocoon between us, until we were free and rolled on our backs. The guys helped us to our feet. The Saran Wrap was scrunched up into a ball out of the way. Our crotch ropes and vibrators were removed. Ryan took me and one of the futons to the other side of the cellar room. 

I was so primed from my vibrator and interaction with Lisa that I was an orgasm waiting to happen, SOON! Ryan got me down on my back on the futon, and he made the move to stick his head down between my legs. I raised and spread my legs for him, and Ryan began eating my pussy. I glanced over at Lisa and Brian was licking her pussy. Ryan teased my fiery pussy for several minutes, but when his tongue licked my supersensitive clit, I burst into a shuddering orgasm. Then, Ryan was over me, on top of me and inside me. He fucked me nearly out of my mind, until we came together. After we settled down, he got me up kneeling on my haunches. From the workbench, Ryan retrieved a can of beer and a bag of potato chips. He fed me some chips and gave me a few sips of his beer. I asked him, "Who got the beer," thinking that he probably had gotten their chauffeur to buy it for him. But, Ryan said that he did, and from his nearby jeans, he got out his wallet and showed me his fake ID showing that he turned 21 six months earlier. He certainly had the money to buy a first class fake, and it looked perfect to me. He set the chips and unfinished beer on the floor beside us, stood up and presented me with his rock hard cock to suck off. While I was giving him head, Brittany came down the stairs and told us all, "When you guys finish with Christine and Lisa, release them and you all can get dressed and join us upstairs for some sandwiches.

After I finished sucking Ryan off, he put on his boxers and jeans. He got my vibrator from the workbench and knelt down in front of me. He told me to spread my knees wide apart, while he grabbed his unfinished beer from alongside our futon. Ryan shoved my vibrator up my love hole and offered me a few sips of beer. "You and Lisa sure have a great time with your vibrators," he said nonchalantly, "Do you like your vibrator more than my cock?" I vigorously shook my head and said, "OH GOD NO, I LOVE your cock!" The vibrator that had been rhythmically fucking my pussy was removed and shoved in my mouth. "Suck it like you suck my cock," Ryan commanded, "And lick it clean!" My head was bent back and the vibrator was as far in my throat as Ryan could get it, without losing hold of it, and then it buzzed to life! The vibe buzzed my throat for a minute and was pulled out and again shoved up my cunt. I caught Ryan glancing over at Brian and Lisa from time to time. I stole a little peek and saw that Lisa was sucking on Brian's cock. Neither of them seemed to be in any hurry. In fact, Brian was sipping a beer, while Lisa worked on his dick. That bastard Ryan was going to tease and torment my steamy pussy until Brian came, and only then would he let me come. Back and forth Ryan went, while swigging his own beer, buzzing the vibe all around my pussy, except my aching clit, and fucking my love tunnel, before he shoved the vibrator, dripping with my free flowing pussy juices, back in my mouth.

Amongst the noises I made slurping and sucking on my own damn vibrator, I heard Brian groan and finally come. With that, Ryan pulled the vibrator out of my mouth, for what had probably been the 5th or 6th time, and directed its buzzing head on my clit. I thought that I would come immediately, but he had to caress my clit with it for a couple of minutes, for me to really blast into an intense shaking shuddering orgasm. I crumbled down on the futon on my side and clenched my legs together enjoying every last spasmodic pleasure. Somewhere in my orgasmic trance, Brian untied my elbows and freed my wrists. I was sexually spent. The guys finished dressing, gathered up their stuff and went upstairs. Someone had left some damp and some dry paper towels on the workbench. Eventually, Lisa and I cleaned ourselves up, as well as we could, dried ourselves off and got dressed in our outfits. We grabbed our vibrators, purses, the ball of Saran Wrap and the wadded up paper towels, and headed up stairs. WE dumped the Saran Wrap and paper towels in a garbage can on the way into the kitchen. There, we found the guys seated around a table and leaning against countertops eating sandwiches, munching on the various snacks from their scavenger hunt, and drinking beer. We found the rest of the girls in the dining room enjoying sandwiches and wine! Yes, wine. There were 3 bottles of white wine for the 8 of us. I think that I wound up drinking 2-1/2 glasses. 

I knew that Brittany's mom was a real estate broker. While her parents were out of town, Brittany had "borrowed" the lockbox key to the house we were in, which was south of town set way back off a country road.&nbsp; It turned out to be a furnished rental house that was due to have new tenants move in December 1st. Therefore, we had to make the house spotless before we left in the morning. We all learned from Beth and Rhonda about all the bondage lesbian sex fun they had with Stephanie, Brittany, Yoshi and Carole earlier that evening. Things broke up around 11:30 PM, when the guys started filtering into the dining room. I guess they had finished eating and our loud talking and laughing had drawn them into the dining room. I was startled when Stephanie and Brittany told us to say our goodbyes to the guys. They were hastily shooed out the front door, being told that we were going to play some girl games. Let them think about that, while they drove home. Stephanie and Brittany told us all to carry our dining room chairs into the living room and arrange them in a line about 2' apart. Next, we all stripped down to just our panties and sat in a chair. Stephanie and Brittany worked their way down the line, tying our wrists behind the chair and tying our legs spread apart to the rear legs of our chairs. When the 6 of us were secured, Brittany tied Stephanie like the rest of us in the 7th chair. Brittany told us that we were waiting for some special entertainment to show up. As we speculated and chattered about who or what would arrive, Brittany paced and commanded, "Don't slouch girls or I'll tie your elbows." "I want you girls looking hot and excited." What that, Brittany moved down the line of chairs pinching and pulling and perking up our nipples. 

Brittany paced some more. The clock in the dining room struck midnight. A few minutes later the doorbell rang. A huge "WHEW" escaped from Brittany's mouth. She plastered on a big smile and fairly skipped to the front door. A few moments later Brittany raced in and sat in the 8th chair. Four guys sauntered into the living room dressed to the nines. They showed no surprise at seeing 8 nearly naked cheerleaders, 7 of whom were bound to chairs. We were truly a captive audience. The guys wore full tuxedos with tails, bow ties, white gloves, shoes and spats, top hats, and each carried a walking cane. I learned later that Stephanie's brother at nearby UCLA knew these guys, who earned extra college money by performing their act. A portable tape player was plugged in and started. They introduced themselves as the "Top Hats." They started out doing a well choreographed Vaudevillian style soft shoe, spinning around and using their canes and top hats. The music changed to an upbeat song with a heavy beat. The guys shed their top hats, canes shoes and spats, and tuxedo jackets, and went into a really sexy bump and grind routine, like the Chippendale Dancers. After maybe 10 minutes of this, one of them swooped behind another, and as fast as whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, their break-away tuxedo shirts were gone revealing 4 beautiful hairless muscular and oiled college male torsos. 
 
All the girls gasped and screamed in delight. The Top Hats pranced around, continuing their dance routine and paused periodically to flex and stretch and give us front, side and rear views of their rippling muscles. In a move that came so fast and was so surprising, the 4 college men simultaneously whisked off their break-away tuxedo pants leaving each of them wearing white gloves, a black bow tie with a small collar bib and a black male g-string that neatly held their stuff. The girls went wild, screaming and cheering and yelling, TAKE IT ALL OFF!" The guys danced for another 5-6 minutes giving us a complete view of their beautiful bodies and their tight asses. Then, they marched in unison over to us. Beth and Rhonda were tied to the first 2 chairs, and then came me and finally Ashley in the 4th chair. They straddled our chairs, and humped and gyrated their bulging g-strings right in front of our faces. I could smell the masculine scent that oozed from under my guy's g-string. Next they sat on our laps and started doing a little lap dance. My guy was a gorgeous blonde man, with sensuous lips, but was perhaps a little too muscle bound for me. He stuck his semi-rigid g-string covered cock right down between my tied spread legs and gave me about a 5 minute lap dance. OH MY GOD! He steadily rubbed my pussy right through my panties, while he squeezed and diddled my breasts and nipples to the beat of the music. I just gaped into his gorgeous blue eyes. I never thought for a moment that I would swoon or come, but the thought of all that excitement and stimulation did make me think that I might pee myself. When the song changed, my guy gave me a big sensuous kiss and moved on to Stephanie who was tied to her chair in the 3rd position of the remaining 4 cheerleaders.

When the Top Hats finished their act on the last 4 girls, we all yelled and hooted and cheered. We would, of course, have clapped, but were still tied to our chairs. Brittany immediately grabbed her purse by her chair and hauled out a wad of bills. She tipped each of the Top Hats while they dressed. Only after the Top Hats had left, were the rest of us freed. I learned that the house we were in had only 3 bedrooms upstairs. Lisa and I retrieved the 2 futons from the cellar and slept on the living room carpet, under blankets that Stephanie had found. I was half awake around 8:30 AM when I saw Brittany sneaking past me. She said that she was going to pickup a little breakfast for us. I headed into the kitchen and found a fresh can of coffee on the kitchen table. So, I used the house's coffeemaker to start a big pot of coffee. Brittany got back about 15 minutes later with a big box of pastries and 2 cartons of OJ. By then, the others had joined us for breakfast at the kitchen table, and a load of bed linens was already going in the washing machine. I'm sure you can imagine that the chatter at the breakfast table was nonstop. After breakfast, Lisa and I cleaned the living room, dining room, downstairs bathroom and kitchen. The other girls cleaned the 3 upstairs bedrooms and bathrooms, including remaking the beds with freshly washed bed linens, and washing and replacing the towels. Lisa and I put all of the cans, bottles, Styrofoam and plastic cups, paper plates and other garbage into Hefty garbage bags, and put them into&nbsp; garbage cans and set them on the side of the garage for pickup. We left in Stephanie's and Brittany's cars and I was home a little after 12:00 noon.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The cheerleaders held their 3rd charity drive of the school year during the week of December 9, 2002. This was the Toys For Tots program held every year at Christmas time by the US Marines. For the 5 days of the drive at school it worked out well, because the marines could setup their collection barrels before school opened in the morning, haul them to their collection site after school started, and then set them up at the mall before the stores opened. If you are not familiar with this program, the marines wanted NEW, not USED, toys for any age children, but especially the youngest ones. If you recall, the cheerleaders made over $14,000.00 on sales of their bikini school calendar, and we hadn't even spent half of it yet.. I know this was a difficult thing to ask high school kids to do, but I think the vast majority did donate one or more new toys. The cheerleaders bought gobs of toys including: teddy bears and other cuddly stuffed animals, Raggedy Ann and Andy dolls, Barbie dolls and pocket electronic games. We held another canned food drive in the spring of 2003 for the same food pantry. Despite our somewhat risqu and wild bondage sex cheerleader initiation parties, which were always whispered about around school and had become almost legendary, the 2002-2003 Varsity Cheerleaders had ingratiated themselves with the school Administration and faculty like no other student group at school.

Ashley and I were in charge of the 4th and final Cheerleader Initiation Party and Lisa and Meagan were to be the final initiates. Ashley and I brainstormed through most of December, 2002. We first agreed to borrow a few of Brittany's and Stephanie's ideas from the previous party. First, we wanted to find a place that was not in someone's home. Next, we wanted to hire some entertainment. Finally, we were going to have beer and wine. We didn't care about the school code or the more stringent athletic department's code of behavior. It was widely ignored and never enforced unless someone was caught in public openly drinking, smoking or doing drugs. One day in December, I was scanning through the Foundation's computer in our home office, looking at properties that the Foundation's real estate division owned or had a financial interest in. I was surprised to find that the Foundation had recently bought a 20-25 year old bar and grill building right on Main Street in town. The bar and grill had been closed for about 2 years and the building was all boarded up. It was scheduled for demolition beginning around April 1, 2003, and a new 2 story medical building would be built on the site. It could really turn out to be a trashed dump of a place.

The next day I called the Family Foundation's real estate lady and asked if we could rent the building for a party. This request caught her totally off guard, and she said she would have to run it by the CEO, who happened, of course, to be my father, Nels. I told her that I'd like to approach it from the home front, and asked her to wait a couple days before going to Nels. I told my Mom all about my idea and plans. Mom could smooth talk my father 10 times better than I ever could. Both of my parents knew exactly what went on and what we did at our parties, but this was the better way to go to insure approval. AND, we hadn't even seen the place yet, though I had ridden by it. Two days later I had my father's approval. The next week Ashley and I met the Foundation's real estate lady to see the inside of the building. From the outside, it was a 2 story building on a large corner lot. The building was set back all the way to the rear of the lot and had off-street parking in front and on both sides. A dumpster lined&nbsp; alley ran behind the building and serviced the rest of the buildings on the block plus the backs of the buildings on the next street over.

We entered the back door into the kitchen. It had already been gutted. The only things remaining were a large stainless steel prep table, bolted to the floor, and an old refrigerator, which could not have been part of the original kitchen equipment. Out in the restaurant/bar area, the floor was 12" square floor tiles and the walls were a dingy dated neutral color. The ceiling had been taken out exposing the wiring, plumbing and duct work. Along the west side was a long mahogany bar, with empty shelves for bottles and glasses behind it, but the taps and all other bar equipment had been removed. Five sturdy tables and about 20 wooden chairs remained. There were men's and women's washrooms off the restaurant and a unisex employee's bathroom off the kitchen. Everything worked, and besides the ceiling, everything was in good condition albeit dated and dusty. I was thinking that the space was good for what I had in mind and we could rent a mess of futons. Any red blooded high school student would have sex anywhere, if given the opportunity. 

We learned that there was a furnished 2 bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor. There was a covered outdoor stairway in the back of the building that led up to the apartment. The living room contained only 2 sofas and a couple tables and lamps. The kitchen had been totally gutted. There wasn't a stick of furniture, and all appliances, cabinets and countertops had been removed. The small bathroom had an older tub/shower. Ashley's eyes lit up when we saw the 2 bedrooms. Although each bedroom had only a small dresser, table, lamp and a chair, each bedroom had a newer king sized bed. Ashley and I were thinking the same thing. We could bring a couple guys apiece up there for some fun. Besides the newer beds, everything that remained in the apartment was in good condition, dated and dusty. Ashley and I looked at each other and nodded imperceptively, and told the Foundation's real estate lady that we wanted it. I was told that we wouldn't need to pay rent since the building was coming down soon, but we would have to pay a 10% bond against any damage we caused, because the Foundation was going to sell off the rest of the furnishings in the building. I wrote her a check for $500.00. I had no idea what they might sell the stuff for, but the mahogany bar was pretty nice. 

I asked about getting a cleaning service in to vacuum, dust and clean the bathrooms. I wrote another check for $100.00, which the Foundation's lady thought would easily cover it, using their service. Then we had to go to our calendars and pick a date. We chose Friday, February 7, 2003. January was always busy studying for semester exams, and then there was exam week and exam break at the end of January. The lady said that she would have the building cleaned a day or two before our February 7th date, and she gave me a set of keys to the building. Meanwhile, I had been searching everywhere for the kind of entertainment I wanted. On Saturday, January 4, 2003, Ashley and I drove to the UCLA campus. We actually met representatives of 2 different entertainment groups at an off-campus coffee shop. Their standard fees were quite acceptable, but we wanted some extra special services. Ashley let me do the talking, and after about 45 minutes of negotiating, we had struck a deal on date, price and the extra services they would perform. I wrote each group a check for their full fee in advance. They told us the name of a nearby shop where we could buy some special types of condoms. I had never even dreamt that there could be so many types of condoms, but we found what we needed and headed back home.

On the way back home, we stopped at our building to get a feel for what we wanted to do and where and how. As we walked around inside, our plans for an all-night bondage sex orgy fell into place, plus some special games and a little payback for Lisa and Meagan, for what they did to us at the 1st initiation party back in September. There were 2 posts, about 15' apart, in the center of the floor space holding up a beam, which in turn held up the floor joists for the 2nd floor. About 2' in front of the beam, a 3" black metal pipe rested on top of the ceiling joists and ran the entire width of the restaurant. Ashley and I stood on chairs and reached up and hung from the pipe and bounced up and down. The pipe didn't move. I reminded Ashley of something we had done some time ago, and asked her if she wanted to do it again, with a twist this time. She agreed. Our party plan was coming together. Before we left, we went upstairs to the apartment. We stripped off the bed linens, and I took them home to launder them and remake the beds after the building was cleaned. Ashley had come up with the terrific idea to hold a kind of English road rally amongst the guys, before the party. We would have them follow a course all over the area, which would ultimately lead them back to the "secret location" of the party. She thought the winners could fuck a cheerleader and the rest of them would get a consolation blowjob. We were planning to kidnap Lisa and Meagan from school on the day of their initiation party, and we would have to come up with a new plan for what we would do with them after school, because we would have to start the road rally fairly early in order to get everything in before the entertainment was scheduled to arrive.&nbsp; 

We had the building and had finalized the entertainment on January 4, 2003. Therefore, we issued our invitations the following week at school. Ashley and I invited 16 guys, without even consulting Lisa or Meagan. Any of our cheerleaders could handle 2 guys at once. The guys were to divide up into 2 man teams, and each team had to have a car with an odometer that registered tenths of a mile, and each team had to have a watch with a second hand. The price of admission to the all night bondage sex orgy was a box of condoms and either a 6-pak of pop or beer. The guys were informed that they would have to follow a road course to an unknown location, where they would pickup the address of the secret location of the party. Ashley had found a page on the Internet titled "How to Eat Pussy." She printed copies of this page and included them in each invitation. It started out &#8211; " It's the supreme way to give your woman sexual pleasure. Women have the most satisfying and intense orgasms through oral stimulation," and followed with step-by-step instructions. Ashley and I were at least going to incorporate this into one of our games, and who knew what would happen. As the party drew nearer, I got more excited and since this was the last big party of our senior year, at least before Lisa and I bowed out of the bondage sex scene, because of our baseball playing, I really wanted to get my brains fucked senseless! 
 
During January, Ashley and I spent some Saturday mornings and Sunday afternoons mapping out various rally routes for the 8 different teams. We wound them through residential areas and then out in the country. We figured that it would take each team 30-45 minutes to complete the course and the direct sprint back to the secret location for the party. Some typical instructions were-

Drive south for 3.7 miles and turn left
Drive @ 30 MPH for 2 minutes and 30 seconds and then turn west
Drive west until you see the crooked knurled tree and turn south

All of the routes eventually led to the 24 hour Mini Mart out by the mall. The final instructions all read, "Go inside and show your rally sheet." "You will be given an envelope with the address of the secret location of the party." Ashley had a friend who worked Friday and Saturday nights at the Mini Mart. Besides containing the address of the party, the envelopes contained instructions to park in the City lot across the street and down 1-1/2 blocks, go to the back door of the building, and give a secret knock onn the door. We didn't want to attract the cops by parking a lot of cars around a boarded up building. 

During the week of February 3, 2003, after everyone was back from semester break, Ashley and I were under tremendous pressure, from both the other cheerleaders and the guys who were invited to the party, to tell them more. We told the guys only that this was the last big party of our senior year and that it would go all night and maybe into the following morning, depending on how long they could keep it up. We talked a lot of trash and BS, but the guys never learned anymore. They were told that they could pickup their team's rally routes at Ashley's house on Friday the 7th at 6:00 PM, and no sooner. We never told any of the girls the secret location either, but we did give them a few more details. Lisa and Meagan knew they would be kidnapped after school on Friday. Ashley and I told the other cheerleaders what we planned on doing with our initiates after school. Finally, we would all go back to my house, to change into our outfits, before leaving for the secret location of the party. Instead of coming to my house, Ashley would get ready at her place and pass out the rally routes to the 8 teams of guys at 6:00 PM, and then drive her car to the party. Since we were going to park in the City's free lot 1-1/2 blocks away, it was suggested that each girl bring a light trench coat or raincoat. Although only the 3 of us who drove cars would have to walk out in public in our sexy skimpy outfits, it was best to keep everyone guessing. 

After school on Thursday, I picked up 8 full size futons at the rental store. After dinner, I picked up Ashley and we took several big boxes of supplies down to our building. We needed mostly plastic and Styrofoam cups, paper plates, napkins, paper towels, trash bags, soap, some washcloths for the girls to use, towels for the upstairs apartment bathroom, four 1/2 gallon cartons of OJ, and all the rope and bondage equipment we could gather. My Mom donated 3 bottles of white wine for the girls, and Ashley brought a coffeemaker and a fresh can of coffee. When we got inside the building, it had been thoroughly cleaned. All the bathrooms were spotless and there was hot water. We piled most everything behind the bar, except for the bondage equipment, which was laid out on top of the bar for easy access. The coffeemaker was plugged in and sat on top of the refrigerator, which had also been cleaned and plugged in. I put the wine and OJ in the refrigerator and with one last look around upstairs and down, we locked up and left. On the way home I stopped at the hardware store and had a set of keys made for Ashley. We were all set for the final cheerleader initiation party.

The 4th Cheerleader Initiation Party &#8211;

The Kidnapping -

On Friday morning, February 7, 2003, the cheerleaders all showed up at my house early. Beth drove her family's Oldsmobile sedan and I would drive my Buick LeSabre. Everyone brought their outfits and a trenchcoats/raincoats and left them in our guest apartment. We drove to school, with a "CHEERLEADER INITIATION" sign in the back window of each car, and parked side-by-side a ways down the student parking lot from the entrance. After classes we gathered around our lockers until everyone was ready. We walked down the hall, around the corner and into the girl's restroom. Rhonda took Lisa's purse and books. Brittany tied her wrists behind her back, and I gagged her (SURPRISE!) with a ballgag this time. When the others had Meagan ready, we exited the restroom and started the march down the long hall. Lisa struggled and kicked all the way entertaining the kids still at their lockers. Even out in the parking lot, during the walk to our cars, Lisa and Meagan put on a convincing show for the crowds of kids just waiting to see who our kidnap victims were. We got the 2 initiates in the back seats of our cars and took off. Rhonda was in the backseat with Lisa and Brittany sat next to me in the front seat. We drove aimlessly around the residential streets generally heading out of town. We had barely cleared the student parking lot when Rhonda pulled Lisa forward in her seat, flipped up her skirt, pushed her panties aside and began playing with her pussy.

Our plan was to drive around for just under and hour and frustrate the Hell out of our 2 initiates, but never let them come. The 2 cars would rendezvous at Mickey D's at 4:30 PM. There was a lot of bucking and moaning coming from Lisa in the backseat of my car. When we were out on a country road, I stopped the car and Rhonda switched to the front seat and Brittany got in the backseat to continue Lisa's torment. Brittany unbuttoned a few buttons on Lisa's blouse and was diddling Lisa's tits, which she had slipped out of her bra cups, while the other hand continued its unrelenting sweet torture of Lisa's pussy. By now, Lisa was beside herself, sweaty and flushed and only able to utter feeble keening sounds from behind her ballgag. As we headed towards McD's, I reached in my purse and passed a remote controlled vibrating egg back to Brittany. She inserted it deep into Lisa's cunt and put Lisa back together and combed her hair. I used the remote and gave Lisa a few seconds on high just to make sure it was working. Ashley had an identical vibrator in the other car for Meagan. I left Lisa's vibrating egg run on low, just to keep her hot and flustered. Brittany took off Lisa's ballgag, rubbed the buckle lines out of her face and pinched her cheeks for a little color. As we pulled into the restaurant, Brittany touched up Lisa's lipstick. She complained, "You're not going to take me inside are you?" I warned her, "If you cause a problem in there, I'll make you come in front of everyone!" Beth's car pulled in a minute after we did.

Our McDonalds had a side entrance which entered into a smaller section with booths lining either side of an aisle. If you went right, it was the way to the restrooms, and if you went left, it took you to the front of the restaurant, with a much larger eating area and the counter where you placed your orders for eat-in food. As we went in, each group of 3 cheerleaders surrounded their initiate. We turned right and took the last 2 booths on either side of the aisle. The bound Lisa and Meagan were sitting in the back corner of their booths, with their backs to the restrooms walls. Brittany, Rhonda and 2 of the other girls went to the restrooms to, at least, wash one of their hands. I left Lisa and went out front to get our food. It would be the only food anyone would get, until later that night, when I had a pizza delivery scheduled for our party location. I got a 9 piece Chicken McNuggets for each of us, plus a large box of fries which I dumped on a napkin between us. We each had a Coke with a straw. I fed Lisa Chicken McNuggets, dipped in BBQ sauce, and French fries, while she drank her Coke by herself. Lisa behaved, but I think Meagan protested at something and Ashley gave her a shot of the RC egg vibrator on high which settled her down quickly. When we finished, we left McDonald's and headed for my house. Beth dropped Ashley off at her house a few blocks away and joined us a minute later. We arrived a little after 5:00 PM. We had a little more than an hour to get ready for the party. There were 7 cheerleaders, 3 bathrooms, and 5 toilets and 5 sinks. Obviously Lisa and Meagan needed more cleanup and preparation than the rest of us. They were immediately untied and allowed first use of the bathrooms. 

I had a selection of skimpy panties and thongs out for Lisa and Meagan that they could wear with their 3WISHES.COM outfits. Somehow, we all got into our outfits and were ready by about 6:00 PM. Everyone decided to wear their cover-up raincoats or trenchcoats. It had gotten cloudy and this was the middle of our California winter. Lisa and Meagan had their wrist tied behind their backs and a ballgag was crammed into their mouths, before their coats were fastened around them. I called Ashley's cellphone and learned that all the teams had lined up in front of her house before 6:00 PM. She had gone down the line and handed each team their rally route and all the guys were already on the road. I told her to park in the City parking lot and walk to the location. I hustled everybody and we got into Beth's and my car. We left my house and down at the 1st corner, Ashley pulled out behind us. It was a straight shot down Main Street and Beth and I pulled up behind the old restaurant/bar 5 minutes later. The guys would have been traversing the county roads by now and there was no chance of running across any of them. We parked for a few minutes behind the building. I opened it up and told everyone to go in and look around. I told the girls to take off their coats and find a spot on the shelf behind the bar for their clothes.&nbsp; The rest of their clothes would soon follow. As Beth and I left the building, to park our cars in the City lot, Ashley had parked her car already and was walking up to the back entrance. 

As we passed I said, "Get the girls ready as we planned, and I'll be right back." Beth and I parked our cars in the City parking lot and walked the 1-1/2 blocks back to our building. When we got back, Ashley had seen to it that Lisa and Meagan were stripped naked and their wrists were tied and fastened overhead to the 3" pipe across the ceiling joists. Rhonda and Ashley were just finishing up tying our other 2 unwitting "volunteers," Brittany and Stephanie, naked and tied like Lisa and Meagan. The 1st 2 teams who arrived would get to fuck those girls, while the remaining 6 teams would get complimentary BJs from those same 4 cheerleaders. Beth and I took off our coats and found a spot for our clothes behind the bar. I told Ashley, Beth and Rhonda that they could play, tease or torment our fuckees, until the 1st rally teams arrived. I took my post in the kitchen waiting to hear the 1st secret knock on the backdoor. While I waited, I poured myself a glass of white wine to sip on. About 10 minutes later, I heard the first knock on the door. I let the 1st rally team in, put their beer in the refrigerator, and told them that they had their choice of any of the strung up girls in the next room. There was a sporadic stream of rally teams that arrived over the next 40-45 minutes. About 1/2 brought beer and the rest brought pop. From time to time, I peeked out into the restaurant area to see how things were going. The 1st time I looked, all 4 strung up girls were getting screwed by the 1st two teams to arrive. 

When I next checked on things, all 4 girls had been fucked. They had their wrists tied behind their backs and were kneeling doing complimentary blowjobs on the non-winners. Each of the 4 girls would have to do 3 blowjobs. After the last rally team straggled in, I went out in the restaurant area and pulled 4 tables out in the center of the floor. Ashley joined me and we stripped Rhonda and Beth and tied each of them on top of one of the tables. Their arms were stretched overhead and tied spread to 2 table legs. A rope was tied around their waists, and the ends were tied to the remaining 2 legs for each table. Finally their legs were frog tied and allowed to flail about, wit their pussies accessible at the edge of the table. As soon as Lisa and Meagan had completed their final BJs, they were tied to the other 2 tables just like Rhonda and Beth. Ashley told the 16 guys to divide into 2 groups of 8. Ashley took one group, along with the still naked and bound Stephanie over to one corner. I fetched the naked and tied Brittany and met with my group of 8 guys in another corner.
 
"OK guys here's what you're going to do," I began, "we're going to see how many of you Lisa can take in a row!" I told them that I didn't expect Lisa to take all 8 of them, so those who didn't get to fuck Lisa could move on to either Beth or Rhonda. The guys had to decide on their fucking order and get themselves up, but I offered Brittany to them, if anyone needed any help in getting it up. Finally I said, "I want each of you guys to fuck the shit out of her, hard and fast!" Ashley was, of course, giving the same instructions to the other group of 8 guys. Ashley and I went over to Meagan and Lisa respectively, and started fingering their pussies to get them nice and wet and juicy. This was a little payback for what Lisa and Meagan had done to us during the 1st Cheerleader Initiation Party. When it seemed that everyone was ready, Ashley and I beckoned the guys over. Brittany and Stephanie were there to suck on some cocks that needed a little help in stiffening up. 

One after another, the guys in each line fucked Lisa and Meagan. Each pounded the girls pussies non-stop until he came. All of the guys came in around 10 minutes. They fucked and fucked and came with no regard for whether Lisa or Meagan was coming or not. In fact, the girls did come, but never had a chance to recover or come down, before the next guy was hammering their pussies. It went well for the first 3 guys who fucked our initiates, but Ashley signaled me that maybe the 4th would be all that Meagan could take. Meagan had enough after 4 in a row, and Ashley told the remaining guys in her line that they could start on Beth and Rhonda. I told the 5th guy for Lisa to slow it down a bit. I watched Lisa carefully. She moaned and bucked, while getting fucked, and even came about the same time the 5th guy did. But, when she came, her eyes rolled back in their sockets and she was out. I motioned for the remaining guys in Lisa's line to move on to Beth and Rhonda, while I patted and rubbed Lisa's face. She was out for barely 10 seconds. Ashley and I freed Meagan and Lisa and led them to the restroom. It turned out that Beth and Rhonda could only take 3 of our patient hard fucking guys apiece. The last man standing, still with a hard on, was given his choice of Stephanie or Brittany to fuck for as long as he could go. After everyone was finished and untied, there were a few minutes for everyone to take a little break and allow the girls to cleanup, before the next game began. If you are keeping score, Ashley and I had yet to get screwed.

The next game was Ashley's idea. It gave everyone a fair chance at any random girl. Ashley had simply taken a spinner from some child's board game. She pasted on a new face and divided it into 8 equal pie shaped wedges numbered 1-8. The girls lined up in a row and each was in position 1-8. Ashley and I were still wearing our sexy outfits, but stripped to our panties, while the rest of the girls were still naked. I wore my black silk ring thong. It consisted of a wisp of cotton lined fabric that covered my pussy slit. In front, it came up over my bare pubis mons and was gathered/pinched together to join a 1" silver ring that was attached to the elastic band that went around my hips. It was the skimpiest and most revealing panty I owned. The guys would spin until each girl had 2 guys, who could use them for 1 hour. The girls were all lined up. I was in the #8 position. When the 3rd guy took his turn, the spinner landed on #8 and Brandon was the first to claim me. As the girls were claimed by 2 guys, there was a lot of re-spinning, before one of the available numbers came up. It was getting near the end and only 3 girls still had only one guy, when John spun #8 and claimed me. After the last guy claimed the last available girl, Ashley announced that the guys had 1 hour with their cheerleader, and could use the tables, 3" pipe, 2 support posts, or the futons rolled up in a corner.

Brandon and John stopped by the bar to pickup some rope and then led me into the kitchen. I asked them if they had read the sheet that came with their invitations. Both said, "Yes." "Well then," I replied, "Maybe you guys would want to practice on me?" My thong was whisked off, my wrists were tied behind my back, and I was sat on the edge of the cool stainless steel table and pushed on my back. My legs were frog tied and just flopped wide open. After witnessing all that sex already, and not getting any, my pussy was surely wet, but not yet running down my legs. Brandon immediately started licking my pussy, while John watched hesitantly. Brandon skipped licking any areas around my pussy, but otherwise did a credible textbook job. He licked my slit several times and then licked and licked and licked my pussy lips, while he spread them further open with his fingers. He slipped his tongue into my love canal a few times, but apparently decided to go for my clit, probably because of all the moaning and gasping I was doing. He teased my little flaming love bud for a couple minutes, and then when into an all out licking assault on my clit, until I came and quivered all over and came again. "Man, did you see her come?" asked Brandon, "It's your turn now John." John was still dubious. Brandon said, "Go ahead and taste her pussy." "I'll bet it tastes a lot better than your ugly cum that she swallows." John bent down and took a quick lick of my pussy. Seemingly satisfied, John began by licking my inner thighs and then my perineum. When his tongue moved on to my pussy, it was apparent to me that John had read and memorized that "How to Eat Pussy" sheet that we sent out to the guys. 

My slit was licked followed by my pussy lips. He actually got his tongue in my cunt and probed around and tongue fucked me for a few minutes. Finally he alternately teased my clit with his tongue, and rubbed it lightly with a finger. I had begun involuntarily moaning, but between my genuine panting and whimpering, I&nbsp; began to whisper and then scream words of encouragement to John like: "Ohhhhh that feels good, more more, Oh God, faster faster, that feels GREAT, and yes, yes, Yes, YES, YES!" When I finally came, it was an even more intense and mind blowing orgasm than the one Brandon had done. When I opened my eyes, both guys had boners sticking straight out, and Brandon was rolling a condom on his stiff cock. They untied my legs, slid me up the stainless steel table and tied my legs spread to the corner legs. Each of them climbed on the table and fucked me hard and fast. Everybody came and I was released. I slipped into my thong and went out into the restaurant area. Most everyone had finished, but Ashley was strung up to the 3" pipe getting fucked by one of the guys who had claimed Brittany. In front of Ashley, 2 futons had been pushed together, and Brittany and Stephanie were tied lying on their side eating each other out. One guy held Brittany's face in Stephanie's crotch. Another guy held Stephanie's face against Brittany's pussy. Two other guys each held one of the girl's legs up and spread, while a 5th guy watched. When Ashley had been fucked, I had her released. Then Ashley and I began barking orders. The entertainment would arrive in a little while.
 
We had the guys move all 20 chairs into a row about 5' in from the front wall of the restaurant and 3' apart, and push all 5 tables up by the bar. We then told the guys to wear just their shorts and sit in the 16 chairs on the right side of the line. With all 8 girls released, Ashley got a huge squeal of delight, from all the girls, when she told them to tie the guy's wrists behind their backs and secure them to their chairs. We gave the girls a few minutes to tease the guys, and it looked like some of them were already getting a rise in their shorts. Next, all the girls had to wear just their panties. Ashley and I picked on our initiates, Lisa and Meagan, and also Brittany and Stephanie. We simply tied their wrists behind their backs and sat them on the 4 remaining empty chairs to the left of the guys. Finally, we tied Beth's and Ronda's wrists behind their backs and sat them on a nearby table with a good view of where the performance would be. I went into the kitchen and brought out the bottle of white wine I had opened earlier and 2 plastic cups. While I waited in the kitchen, Ashley let each girl drink some of the wine, from the 2 cups, and maybe she had a little herself, before the bottle was killed. I cracked the back door of the building and was on the lookout for our entertainment.

Only a few minutes after their scheduled arrival, 2 vehicles pulled around behind the restaurant and parked. The guys got out of a 4 door sedan and the girls emptied out of a big SUV. We met briefly in the kitchen. I gave the guys the special condoms and they opened them and tucked them in a safe place. Keith, who I had met with earlier, said they were ready to go. He gave me their portable tape player, and told me to plug it in out in the other room, introduce the 2 groups and hit the PLAY button. I did just that and announced, "Ladies and gentlemen for your entertainment and pleasure I present the "Top Hats" and the "Naughty Nymphets." I hit PLAY and 4 guys and 6 girls filed in and took positions in front of their captive audience. While they did a little dance in unison, they sang "Let Me Entertain You And We'll Have A Real Good Time," which I think is a song from the Broadway show or a movie about Gypsy Rose Lee. While they danced and sang, the 6 college girls unbuttoned their trenchcoats, but nothing was revealed about what they were or were not wearing. The music changed to the famous instrumental version of "The Stripper" written by David Rose. All the girls were already familiar with the striptease the "Top Hats" did, but our cheerleaders were unaware of the surprise ending Ashley and I had planned for them. As soon as the music changed, the 6 girls flung off their trenchcoats and revealed their outfits. Everyone was hooting and cheering. The 6 girls wore matching outfits all in black. Man, all of the girls were really stacked. At least 2 of them had to have implants. 

They wore a black garter belt, which held up black fishnet stockings, and black high heels. Each wore a pair of black velvet opera gloves. Each had on a black pushup half bra that barely covered their nipples and the tiniest triangular g-string that I had ever seen. The girls all had long hair, which waved and bounced around, along with their boobs while both groups danced, gyrated, stretched and did the bump and grind as they stripped. I described the "Top Hat" striptease earlier in this part. The girl strippers provocatively peeled off their clothes one item at a time. "The Stripper" music kept repeating itself. Ashley and I walked behind the row of bound guys. We fished their boners out of their shorts and rolled on a special red glow-in-the-dark condom. This was a 3 layer latex condom with a red phosphorescent layer sandwiched in the middle. I think all the guys were stiff after the girls took off their little bras and shook their boobs around. When both groups had stripped down to just their g-strings, they turned their backs on their audience, and seductively stripped off their g-strings. The girls bent over, bared their asses and wiggled their bare pussies at the guys, who went wild. Only Ashley and I knew what the now naked guys were doing with their backs turned to everyone. They had stuffed the special condoms into their g-strings in the kitchen, and were rolling them on their cocks. When they were ready, both groups turned around and headed for their bound audience.

The 4 guys strutted to the 4 cheerleaders tied in their chairs. They waved their red condom covered cocks in the cheerleader's faces, gave them a big kiss and squeezed their boobs and nipples. Then, they sat on the girl's laps, shoved their cocks in between the girl's spread legs and did a lap dance that lasted about 4-5 minutes. Up and down thay rubbed their cocks over the girl's panty covered slits. When they stopped, they stood up and shoved their cherry flavored condom covered cocks into the girl's mouths. My head was going back and forth, like watching a tennis match, to see the priceless reactions on the faces of our guys and girls. After our 4 chair bound cheerleaders had sucked on the cocks for maybe another 4-5 minutes, the "Top Hats" pulled out. They peeled off their condoms and stuffed them into the girl's panty waistbands. They had a 2nd condom on under the first one. Ashley and I whisked our first four girls out of their chairs, and Beth, Rhonda, Ashley and I sat in the 4 chairs. I was so turned on and horny from watching everything that was going on that my black silk thong was already soaked. When the short guy with the biggest cock did his lap dance on me, I thrust back at him trying to get off. When he stuck the cherry flavored cock in my mouth, I tried to suck the very life out of it. I think he miscalculated. His cock was hard and twitching. I sucked even harder, and he started to spurt a little warm cum into his condom. From that point on, he couldn't stop and shot his whole wad into the condom. He withdrew, peeled the condom off, tied the end into a knot and tucked it in my thong's waistband. Maybe it was a special favor, because Ashley also got her guy to cum and got a loaded souvenir condom in her waistband.

The girl strippers descended upon the first 6 guys bound in their chairs. They gave their guys a big kiss and mashed their big boobs into the guy's faces and mouths. Next, they spread their pendulous tits and crushed them over the guy's cheeks. Finally they stood and ever so slowly eased their pusssies down onto our guy's stiff glow-in-the-dark cocks. They took them all the way in and bounced up and down on them for about a 5 minute lap dance. When the strippers slipped off, they knelt in front of each of our guys. Using one hand to pump their shafts and the other hand to rub over the head of their penises, they easily got our guys to shoot their wads into their condoms. They moved on to the next 6 guys and then the last 4. As each of the performers finished, they got mostly dressed and covered up. Ashley and I met them all in the kitchen and tipped each one $50.00, although we had paid them for their extra services in advance. When they had left, Ashley and I joined the din of talk in the restaurant. We untied our cheerleaders, and told them to free our guys. Ashley and I grabbed fresh panties from our purses behind the bar and dashed for the employee's bathroom to beat the rush. We got dressed in our sexy outfits and waited for the pizza delivery. Ashley yelled out to the restaurant that everyone could get dressed, because pizza was on the way. She asked some of the guys to move the tables around and put the chairs back. 

The pizza arrived about 10 minutes later. We kept 2 pizzas in the kitchen for the girls and gave the others to the guys. They came and got their pop or beer out of the refrigerator, and we told them that there were plenty of napkins behind the bar. The girls ate standing around the stainless steel table in the kitchen, and between the 8 of us polished off the remaining 2 bottles of white wine. Talk flew around the table non-stop about both acts that performed. We could hear the guys in the restaurant laughing and bragging about the "Naughty Nymphets." This part of our party would be whispered about throughout school for weeks to come. As dinner wound down, we asked some of the guys, who were dressed, to take out the pizza boxes, garbage and empty cans to the dumpster in the alley. Things wound down and the girls moved out into the restaurant to join the guys, but Ashley and I asked Brittany and Stephanie to stay. We took them into the employee's restroom and told Brittany and Stephanie about the little stunt we wanted to do. We told them that we wanted Lisa and Meagan tied to the 2 posts, so that they could either stand up and get fucked or kneel down and give blowjobs. Then, we told them what we wanted to do, and asked them to find 5 pussy licking guys for each of us. We gave each of the girls $100.00 in small bills to award, as they saw fit, to the voluntary pussy eaters. While Brittany and Stephanie did our bidding and recruited for our stunt, Ashley and I got ready.

We stripped first, put up our hair in ponytails, and slipped a black sleepmask blindfold over our heads and let them dangle around our necks. Next, we buckled 4" heavy duty padded leather cuffs around our ankles and tied a long double strand of rope to each cuff's D-ring. In order to muffle any giveaway sounds we might make, we buckled ballgags deep into each other's mouths, and then put nipple clamps on each other. I must have gotten Lisa's nipple clamps, because they were a little loose on me. I simply tightened them about 1/2 turn and the pain level was just right. Finally, we buckled 1/2 of the padded leather wrist cuffs onto each other's wrists, and then Ashley buckled my other wrist into my cuffs behind my back. We were ready and just had to wait for Brittany's and Stephanie's return. After about 10 minutes they returned to the kitchen. First, Stephanie buckled Ashley's other wrist behind her back. Then they led us out into the restaurant by pulling on the long double ropes tied to our ankle cuffs. We stopped under the overhead 3" pipe. I saw all 10 of the guys who bunched around us, but had no idea which 5 would lick my pussy. Ryan picked me up with one arm behind my knees and one arm behind my back. Up went my ankle ropes over the 3" pipe.

"No, No, No," Brittany ordered, "you guys have to tie those ropes so that her legs are spread wide apart. Two guys on chairs pulled my ankle ropes. As I went up, Stephanie shouted, "Move Ashley over more, because her legs have to be spread as wide apart as Christine's." The guys tied my ankle ropes off and my feet were spread open nearly 3' apart. I hung there upside down swaying back and forth feeling as helpless as I ever had before. I looked up at myself and saw how much my body was stretched. My legs seemed to be a mile long and my waist looked like it had narrowed to 18". My C-cup breasts had naturally sagged down towards my neck and billowed into an alluring conical shape. My nipple clamp chain was draped under my chin. I looked over at Ashley and she looked great. Her breasts were thrust out; because she had her bound arms extended and at a right angle to her back. Then, someone pulled the blindfold over my eyes. I expected a good spanking, and indeed that's just what I got. However, I hadn't expected that while the guys were wailing away at my butt, one of the girls, with tiny hands, constantly fingered and played with my pussy. Halfway through my spanking, I came, and when it was over, I had a pretty good burning red ass and my pussy was wet and juicy ready for licking.

If the guys had only known that if they simply licked or sucked my clit, they could have easily made me come and come and come, until I passed out. The little pussy rubbing assist, plus the fact that I was so hyped for this game, that I was just an orgasm waiting to happen. "OK guys, Brittany said, "Each of you must lick Ashley's and Christine's pussies for at least 10 minutes, unless one of them comes first." The 1st guy did a textbook job of following the "How To Eat Pussy" sheet we gave all the guys. It was almost mechanical, but slow steady licking eventually led to my clit. He just kept licking it and when I came, I didn't think that, at first, he knew that he had succeeded. The 2nd guy demonstrated more enthusiasm and passion. His tongue made long slow strokes everywhere over my sensitive pussy, and I moaned gently into my ballgag and my body shivered and twitched hanging up there suspended upside down. My 2nd screaming orgasm soon followed. I jerked around throughout my spasms, until my body had to be steadied for the 3rd guy. I had a pretty good idea that it was Ryan, because after a few preliminary licks, his tongue was in my cunt. He gave me a pretty good tongue fucking that had me trying to hump and grind myself against his tongue. Then, his tongue was probing around inside me searching for my g-spot. With only a little rubbing of that magical area, I came violently and my pussy juices squirted and gushed all over the place. I knew he got a face full. As those watching cheered and applauded, my pussy juices sloshed back over me, running down my ass crack in back and down my front to my ribcage. 

I was still gasping from my last gusher, when the 4th guy put his fingers on my pussy lips and spread them. A few slow long licks along my slit and his tongue was licking my clit. I was losing control and having trouble getting enough air breathing through my nose. I shuddered and groaned with my 1st orgasm, but he kept licking my clit. Nearly hysterical by now, I screamed into my ballgag when he made me come again. I never had a chance to recover or come down at all, before the 5th guy firmly spread my pussy lips and stretched my hood to more expose my now extremely sensitive clit. GOD, this was great! It was my whole purpose for hanging up there. I melted when his lips surrounded my clit. He sucked and pulled on my clit with his lips. I, of course, screamed into my gag again, came and began to spasm and jerk wildly about. My hypersensitive clit felt like it was a miniature tingly penis, but he kept sucking my extended nub. I didn't even have enough left in me to scream again, when another orgasm overwhelmed me. I must have hung there twitching and spasming for at least 5 minutes, before I settled down.

It was payback time now. I owed each guy a blowjob. My ballgag was removed. One after another their cocks filled my mouth. They put their hands on my waist or wrapped them around my body to prevent me from swinging away from their thrusting and prevent me from losing suction. My mouth was not at the perfect height for all 5 of them. I couldn't see if any of them spread their legs and bent their knees for a better angle to get their cocks all the way in my mouth. Two of them made me gag several times, as their cocks got into my throat, and when they came in my mouth, a good deal of their cum spilled out of the corners of my mouth and ran down my face towards my eyes and into my nose. It went much better for the other 3 blowjobs. The last guy even let me lick and suck him at my own pace, until near the very end, when he pounded his cock into my throat until he came. The other 2 guys basically used their dicks as battering rams trying to get as deep down my throat as possible. When it was over, they let me down and released me. God, I was a sticky mess of pusssy juices and cum. Before cleaning up, I found Brian and Ryan and told them that they could take me upstairs for the night as soon as I cleaned up. Ashley tapped Rob and Eric. I grabbed someone's can of Coke from the refrigerator and met her in the employee's restroom. We split the Coke and spent some time washing up and getting dressed back into our sexy little outfits.

When we emerged into the restaurant, all of our cheerleaders had been "claimed" and were getting tied up. Ashley and I found our 4 guys and told them to get dressed and grab any rope or equipment they wanted to use on us. Ashley somehow got everyone's attention and announced that she and I were taking 4 guys to the upstairs apartment for the rest of the night. She told them that Lisa and Meagan were still the initiates and they could do what they wanted with them. She announced that there were plenty of futons and a stack of blankets in the corner. Finally, she told them that breakfast would be served at 8:00 AM that morning and, that anyone who wanted could stay and play the following morning after breakfast. Ashley and I donned our trenchcoats and we led our 4 guys out the kitchen backdoor and up the covered stairs to the upstairs apartment. Once inside, the guys looked around and took Ashley and me into the sparse living room. With out any resistance, the guys took off our trenchcoats and stripped us. Our wrists were tied behind our backs and each of them kissed us and spent a little time playing with every part of our naked bodies. They especially used their fingers to probe, frustrate and get our pussies really turned on.

Ryan and Brian moved the old couch out from the wall, while Eric and Rob sat me on the edge of the center cushion. They each grabbed one of my legs and held them firmly spread wide apart. Ashley was brought to her knees in front of me. Brian told her, "Let's see how good you are at licking her out!" Brian pushed her face into my crotch and Ashley went to work on my pussy. She licked and ran her tongue all around my pussy lips, which opened up even more for her. She licked her way closer and closer to my love hole, carefully avoiding my clit. When the ever decreasing swirls of Lisa's tongue had centered on my love tunnel, she plunged her tongue into my cunt. While Brian held Ashley's head firmly against my pussy, Ryan moved behind the couch and bent over to play with my breasts and nipples. My little heart was pounding in my chest; my rate of breathing had doubled, and I was gasping and moaning from the sheer pleasures. I don't know how long Ashley tongue fucked me, but eventually she withdrew and started swirling her tongue round and round my now tingly throbbing clit. Her tongue teased me mercilessly, until I whimpered and panted for release. Finally, as perhaps only Ashley could do, she gently took my clit between her lips. She sucked ever so gently at first, but eventually sucked harder and flicked the tip of her tongue over my clit. I screamed and shuddered and convulsed when one of the most intense overwhelming pussy eating orgasms engulfed my whole body and inner soul. 

When I had recovered, we switched positions. I was kneeling in front of Ashley's spread legs and inviting pussy. Eric and Rob held her legs wide open for me. No one forced my head into Ashley's pussy. Instead, the 2 guys holding Ashley's legs apart and the other 2 guys just watched. I was determined to tease her more than she had teased me. I began by thoroughly licking her sensitive inner thighs and perineum, before moving onto her pussy. Her pussy lips were wide open for me and I licked them all over several times. Then, my tongue dove into her cunt. After some serious tongue fucking, Ashley's hips were bucking so much that the guys had to hold her down! Her moans had become pitiful wanting squeals. I probed around in her slick love tunnel, with my tongue, searching out my main objective. When I found her g-spot, it only took a little rubbing and Ashley shrieked, came and squirted. My lips had a really good seal around the opening to her vagina, and I got a good mouthful of her pussy juices. I savored the taste of her sweet nectar as I swallowed it all. Ashley and I were jerked to our feet. 

Ryan produced Lisa's big penis gag. I didn't even know Ashley had brought it and didn't notice Ryan grab it downstairs. Eric asked, "What the Hell are you going to do with that?" To which, Rob answered, "Watch and learn, this will be fun!" Ryan buckled the 4" X 2"" penis gag into Ashley's mouth, and she was laid out on the carpeted floor on her back. What protruded straight up in the air, from the penis gag panel that covered Ashley's lips, was an ugly black knobby 6"-7" X 2" dildo. Brian and Eric each grabbed one of my arms and guided me over Ashley's face. "Rob," Brian said, "you can get a great view and play with Ashley's pussy as much as you like." I bent my knees and spread my legs as they lowered me closer and closer towards the big ugly head of that black gel cock. As my pussy got to within inches of penetration, Ryan reached down and held the menacing phallus centered on its target. It was tight going in. The 2 guys slowly lowered me until I was totally impaled. It was still a tight fit and I could feel every bumpy knob along the walls of my vagina. As my pussy juices began to surround the invader and I moved around a little to adjust its position. It started to feel really good in there. I loved to have my cunt stuffed, even if it wasn't a real cock.
&nbsp; 
I began to fuck myself on the dildo moving slowly up and down at first. GOD, it felt good. My mouth was open and various versions and tones of OHHHHHHs spewed from me. I got a pretty good rhythm going, but after 10 or 15 minutes of fucking myself, my legs grew weary and my strokes became slower and shorter. I guess it was the strain on my legs from being tied and stretched upside down. I said, "My legs are getting sore and I don't know if I can get off?" Brian and Eric to the rescue! They firmed up their grips on my bound upper arms and physically bounced me up and down on that wicked cock. Within about 5 minutes I was moaning out of control. Ryan put me out of my misery by reaching his hand in and rubbing my clit. Singlely or collaboratively, our guys really knew how to make a girl come. If Eric and Brian hadn't been supporting me, I probably would have toppled off Ashley and landed on my face from that orgasm. Rob finished off Ashley with his fingers, while Brian and Ryan led me off to one of the bedrooms. They did untie my wrists and let me take a brief bathroom break, but when I was finished, I was tied spread-eagle to the large bed.

Before they let me go to sleep, all 4 of them wound up screwing me in that bed. I knew that Rob and Brian had to work at the auto body shop the next morning. When I was untied and sandwiched between Ryan and Brian under the covers, I asked Brian to set the alarm on his wrist watch for 7:00 AM. I whispered to him that there was coffee and OJ downstairs in the kitchen and I would get some things from the bakery as soon as it opened. The next thing that happened was Brian's wrist watch alarm going off in my ear. I climbed over a groggy Brian and headed for the bathroom. Thank GOD that I had brought soap and towels. Just as I finished my shower, I heard the toilet flush and Brian crowded into the shower. It was really only a bathtub surrounded by 3 tiled walls and a shower curtain. The 2 of us could barely fit. I washed Brian's cock and balls, knelt down so that the shower water ran over my head and back, and sucked him off. I really had to hustle to get dry, presentable, dressed and downstairs. The morning was cloudy and cool and my trenchcoat was right for the morning. In the kitchen, I started a pot of coffee and put out napkins, paper plates and cups for OJ and coffee on the stainless steel table. Afew people were up and stirring out in the restaurant. I yelled out that I'd be back with breakfast in 10-15 minutes. I walked the 3/4 blocks down to the bakery. My pussy still tingled and I had been pretty well had the night before. I wondered if I was walking in that little just fucked wiggle walk, but was sure my trenchcoat hid that. I didn't think my face looked any different, but would the women at the bakery be able to look at my face and know?

I bought 3 big boxes of assorted Danish and 3 types of donuts, and walked back. In the kitchen, OJ and coffee had been poured and a 2nd pot was brewing. Breakfast was like a little buffet and the kids picked out what they wanted and took it out into the restaurant to eat at the tables. I had a glass of OJ, 2 cups of coffee, Danish and a donut, and it was hard getting a word in with all the non-stop chatter. Fresh from a sugar and caffeine rush, I was rejuvenated and ready for whatever the morning brought. I had already told Ashley that I could stay until around noon. Besides Rob and Brian leaving for work, 3 other guys left after breakfast. Meagan had something going that day and Beth and Rhonda decided to leave also, so they all got a ride with Beth. That left Ashley, Lisa, Brittany, Stephanie and me, along with 11 guys. We said our goodbyes and when I looked around, 2 guys had already grabbed Lisa and were tying her up over in a corner. Stephanie and Brittany declared that they wanted to try being hung upside down, and there were plenty of volunteers to string them up. Ashley told me that she had a fun surprise planned for me and took me behind the bar. She had me take off all my clothes and tied my wrists behind my back. She led me out and stood me, between where the guys were getting ready to hoist up Brittany and Stephanie, right under that 3" overhead pipe. 

Ashley got one of the chairs and a futon. She doubled the futon over the back of the chair, pushed it up to my belly and bent me over it. Ryan was there to help Ashley toss a rope over the 3" pipe. Ashley tied one end of that rope to my wrist ropes and pulled on it until my arms were raised above my back and I was held bent over the padded chair back. My arms weren't stretched too much and it would be comfortable enough for the morning. Finally, she tied ropes to my ankles, kicked them wide apart and tied them spread to the 2 posts holding up the ceiling beam. I watched the guys hoist up Brittany and Stephanie on either side of me, while Ashley disappeared into the kitchen. When she reappeared, she was brandishing some kind of horsehair whip. She whispered in my ear that she had gone back to that sex shop near the UCLA campus and bought it especially to use on me. It was a stiff horsehair ponytail that looked like it was made from a Palomino. She whipped my perky ass for awhile until it turned bright rosy pink. Then, she showed everyone, but me, what was concealed in her palm. Something was pushed into my now wet pussy. She worked that knobby device in and out and got it good and lubricated. Then, Ashley worked it into my tight rosebud. I felt every knob of that butt plug going in, until its base settled against my tight sphincter. This was not my first experience with butt plugs. I wiggled around and got it settled in there and was as comfortable as possible. When I turned around and looked at myself, the horsehair ponytail was sticking straight up in the air. Ashley blindfolded me and announced, "Christine will be here for the rest of the morning to use as you like!" She whispered in my ear, "You look really cute and really sexy!"

I couldn't think of a better way to spend the morning after our successful final bondage sex party of our senior year than to be tied up and screwed some more. For the rest of the morning, when I wasn't making my own noises of pleasure, I heard the sounds of sex all around me; the slurping, the sucking, the fucking and the coming. My daydreaming was abruptly interrupted by the feel of a wet warm tongue licking its way up my inner thigh. I squirmed at every touch and felt the butt plug up my ass everytime I twitched.. I didn't know if it was Ashley or Lisa, but it was definitely being done by a girl. She licked my whole pussy at first, and when my pussy lips were open for her, she licked them thoroughly. All of a sudden her tongue was in my cunt. She seemed to take great pleasure in running her tongue up and down the rear wall of my vagina lapping her tongue up and down every bump in my butt plug. This sent weird pleasurable sensations throughout my pussy and chills up my spine. She moved her tongue to my clit area and started teasing me. My moans kept getting louder and more frequent. Eventually, she licked that swollen sensitive nub until I had my first knee buckling orgasm of the morning.

During that morning, I was screwed 5 times from behind doggie-style. Thankfully, they didn't all come one right after another. While they fucked me, all 5 guys couldn't resist tugging at my horsehair ponytail butt plug. Also, while they screwed me, their cocks rubbed the butt plug bumps pushing against my vaginal walls sending even more intense waves of pleasure throughout my pussy and into my brain. They all fucked me hard and fast, and I had great orgasms with each of them. Somewhere in-between all that, another girl ate out my pussy. But, what I remembered most about that morning was that it seemed their was always a cock in my mouth. I lost track, but there must have been 10-12 of them. They really took advantage and used my mouth. What was so disconcerting was that most of the time that I was sucking on some guy's dick, another guy was fucking my pussy. I had to try to concentrate on what my mouth was doing, while orgasms built and crashed throughout my body. The other thing that clouded my brain was how they used me. I started every blowjob enthusiastically and licked and sucked them really good, but maybe half of them pulled out, when they were hard enough, presumably to go fuck another girl. I never knew if they were going to go all the way and come down my throat, until they grabbed my hair or head and seriously began fucking my mouth. I, of course swallowed their cum and licked them clean. I was certain that they were all satisfied.

It ended too soon for me. My blindfold was removed, and Ashley plucked the ponytail butt plug from my asshole. As I looked around, I discovered that everyone else had finished. Ashley disappeared into the kitchen with my butt plug and a couple guys freed me. I grabbed my clothes from behind the bar, checked the refrigerator for some OJ or Coke, and took a glass of OJ into the employee's bathroom. After cleaning up and getting dressed, I wandered out into the restaurant to find that everything had been put back in its place and all the garbage had been taken out to the dumpster in the alley. I couldn't believe my ears. Lisa and Ashley were talking about coming back in the afternoon to use the beds in the upstairs apartment, and were figuring out which guys wanted or would be included. Five of the 11 guys were leaving, which at the moment left 6 guys for Lisa and Ashley to take on. They were going to leave and go out to lunch and then come back. I told Ashley that I'd come back the next morning to get the futons and blankets, and make one last check of the place, before we surrendered the keys. We said our goodbyes then. I said that I would drive Brittany and Stephanie home. The 3 of us donned our trenchcoats and walked the 1-1/2 blocks to the City Parking lot, where I had left my car. As soon as we were buckled in the car and moving, Brittany and Stephanie whipped out their cell phones and were telling Yoshi and Carole all the details of the party. Ashley and I would get the credit for the successful party, but I might never live down the infamous horsehair ponytail butt plug incident, which would be all over school by Monday! 

CONTINUED &#8211;

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;









Senior Year
By Christine 
christine33113@yahoo.com
Part 3 &#8211; Chapter 13 - 

The Remainder of Senior Year &#8211; 

I applied to nine colleges all over the Country. I was accepted at 7 of them. I did not get into the 2 Ivy League schools that I applied to. Two of the colleges that I applied to and got accepted at were kinda "Just in case" backup colleges. Both of them had urban campuses with no women's softball teams, but each had excellent business schools. I got into my #1 and #2 choices, so I wrote the other 5 schools, that I was accepted at, declining their offers. I delayed my final decision somewhat waiting for Lisa. She applied to 4 colleges, and was accepted at 3 of them. She was put on a waiting list for one college, which happened to be my #1 choice. She was hoping for an athletic scholarship. 

Just because Lisa and I abstained from any bondage sex for the rest of the school year, that didn't mean that we abstained from sex. We didn't want to risk getting any injuries while we were tied up and struggling, especially Lisa's pitching arm. There were a few bondage sex parties, but neither Lisa nor I attended any of them. Meagan had a good sized party inviting the other cheerleaders, other girls and plenty of guys, including most of the guys we played with. Do you remember those 3 brazen Catholic girls who bared their boobs, along with some of our cheerleaders, at a party after one of the JV football games? They put on 2 smaller more exclusive parties. I had sex about 3 times a week rotating between Brian, Ryan, Eric and Brandon. Depending on our baseball schedule, I invited one of those guys over on a week night for some great love making sex. They would even let me tie them up for an hour or so. I would wrap a rope tightly around their balls and the bases of their penises, and tease them until they begged to come. I'd lick their swollen scrotums and lick and suck their cocks. Then, I'd straddle them and ease my pussy down their shafts and drive them crazy. Finally, I would remove the rope, roll on a condom, straddle them again and ride them like a bucking bronco until they exploded. I even spent 3 nights over at Ryan's house.

On Friday and Saturday nights I double dated with either Lisa or Ashley and 2 guys. After wards, the 4 of us would go to my house and spend the night in our guest apartment. Either Lisa or Ashley would use the 2nd bedroom, and I used my bedroom. Of course, the guys would switch back and forth between us during the evening, before we settled in for the night. Either my partner that night or I would get the other up in the wee hours of the morning for another fucking. I never could get enough. There was always time to tie our guys up for an hour or so. Sometimes I bent over the back of a sofa or knelt over the end of my bed and got fucked doggie-style. There were blowjobs and pussy eatings, which were done out in the great room. In fact, we usually did them as preliminaries, before ever getting into a bed. I'll suck you off and you lick my pussy. I certainly had all the sex I wanted over the final months of my Senior Year. I like to think that our cheerleaders educated and spawned a group of pussy eating guys, who would make wonderful lovers for the women in their futures.

After our 2nd canned food drive in April of our senior year, and our 4th successful charitable drive, the Cardinal Varsity Cheerleaders held a meeting one Sunday afternoon at Lisa's house to determine what to do with the rest of our bikini calendar money. Despite our extravagant spending on our 4 Cheerleader Initiation Parties and our purchase of hundreds of items for our charitable drives, we had several thousand dollars left. It was Lisa's idea. Not one of our cheerleaders had gotten in any trouble at school or been disciplined for anything. With our exemplary records, school spirit and charitable contributions, Lisa came up with the idea of installing a permanent plaque, to ourselves, set in the sidewalk in front of the student entrance to the high school. We would be remembered forever or until the school was torn down. We had certainly left our mark on the student body with all our antics and private parties, but those were treasured memories for us, and rumors and stories that became legendary for others. We thought the idea of immortalizing ourselves was great. Lisa took the idea to the school administration, which after approval took it to the whole School Board. The only hesitation on the School Board's part was funding, but our school principal assured them that the cheerleaders would pay for the plaque and its installation. After the assurance that no public funds had to be spent, the School Board passed it unanimously. We ordered a 24"H X 30"W heavy cast brass plaque with raised letters. The plaque simply read &#8211;
"The 2002-03 Cardinal Varsity Cheerleaders"
And below that, our names were listed in 2 columns. The plaque was delivered to the school, before the end of the school year, but would not be installed until the summer. The school gave us an estimate of $500.00 to jackhammer out an old section of side walk, pour a new section and set the plaque in its center. We paid the school the $500.00 in advance, and then divided the remaining money between ourselves. We got to see our beautiful plaque when it first came in, and then we all went back to see it in its permanent location, before we left for college that summer.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our girl's varsity baseball team had a fantastic year. We won our League Championship with only 1 loss. We won the League tournament. We won the District tournament. We won the Regional tournament. Sadly, we were eliminated from the double elimination Super-regional tournament with 6-1 and 8-1 losses. It was no consolation that I batted in the 2 runs we did manage to score. It was better to be drubbed than lose heartbreaking close games. I guess we succumbed to the pressure and our lack of experience against other really great teams. Our batting failed us. Our fielding was atrocious. We made far too many errors, especially in the outfield, which allowed a lot of runs to score. With all that, Lisa's pitching couldn't keep us in those 2 final games. Anyway, it was the best season for any girl's softball team in the history of the school. Lisa had a record year on the mound. I had a record year with my bat and my glove.
 
We started our Senior Year's baseball practice on Monday, March 3, 2003, and THEY showed up. They were the scouts and recruiters and the press. The press can be good to you or not, but their inane always repetitive questions were enough to drive you crazy. They had this annoying habit of asking the basic same question, over and over and week after week, by changing only a word here and there. Lisa and I were patient and polite. Coach protected us by excusing us early from post game press conferences and taking over. Lisa and I did get a lot of good press and our pictures were in the papers all the time. We NEVER neglected or failed to praise our teammates and our coaching staff. It was those lying cheating son-of-a-bitch (most of them) recruiters and scouts who were worse than the press. They would promise me outrageous things, if I would only sign a letter of intent. They would try to get Lisa and me to come visit their campuses, with more promises of free (mostly illegal) perks. Lisa and I could have been setup with the hottest athletes and undoubtedly gotten laid. There were representatives from colleges that I hadn't applied to and never would. A few of the colleges, that I already had been accepted at, but declined their offers, sent representatives to try and get me to change my mind. There were some colleges in Oklahoma, Texas and Arizona that didn't have a business program worth shit, but still had excellent women's softball programs, that were blowing smoke in trying to get me to attend. 

There was this magical date of May 1st, which made virtually all the scouts and recruiters disappear. That was the deadline date for accepting and offer to attend a college, or they would start filling vacancies from their waiting lists. It was also the deadline date for signing a letter of intent, if you were offered an athletic scholarship. There were few people who tried out for a major college team as a walk-on. Around mid-April, Coach told us that an assistant Coach from my #! pick, and the college that Lisa was on the waiting list for, was coming down for a Saturday double-header. Lisa's and my parents came to those games. Everyone was introduced before play started and our parents sat with the college Coach for both games. I guess a lot of talking and maybe some dealing went on in the stands, while Lisa and I were on the field playing ball. After the games the Coach came over to my house. Lisa and her parents went home to change for dinner out. At my house, everyone changed also. The college Coach had a suitcase and was planning on spending the night in LA with friends, before driving back the next morning. After Lisa's family and mine were dressed and gathered in our living room, with the college Coach, and my Dad had made drinks for everyone, but Lisa and me, the Coach spoke. She said that she was there to answer all our questions, but first she announced that she wanted Lisa and me to come play ball on full 4 year athletic scholarships! 

Lisa and I read the scholarship rules and perks, asked a lot of questions and listened to the Coach's spiel. Eventually we all went out to dinner and talked about other things than baseball. When we got back to my house, the fact that I already had a full 4 year scholarship at the college of my choice, from the Family Foundation, came up. It was decided that in order to receive all the benefits of a scholarship, I would accept a partial or 1/2 scholarship. In that way, the college team could give out another partial scholarship and perhaps get another player on their roster. Lisa and I signed our letters of intent, scholarship papers and some other things. After the Coach left we had our own celebration. I was happy that I would be playing ball at my #1 college and with Lisa on my team. Lisa was more than happy. Besides playing college ball with me, she automatically got into college and didn't have to be concerned about being on the waiting list.

I got a call one evening in early May. It was from the President of a sorority where I would be going to college in the fall. She and a couple sorority sisters wanted to come down on a Saturday to watch Lisa and I play ball and talk to us about joining their sorority next fall. I immediately invited them to spend Saturday night in our guest apartment rather than drive all the way back late Saturday night. We settled on a double-header date of Saturday, May 17, 2003, and she would call Lisa right away. When Lisa and I arrived at the ballpark that Saturday, we spotted the 3 sorority girls immediately among the throng hanging around our player's entrance to the school. Introductions were made and we chatted briefly, before going inside to suit up. After winning both games of the double header, neither Lisa nor I showered. We hastily just washed our faces and hands and got dressed. Lisa had brought some clothes over, before we left for the ball field, and the 3 sorority girls followed us back to my house after the games. Mom and Dad were there to entertain the girls and show them where they'd be sleeping, while Lisa and I went up to my room to shower and get dressed in some nice clothes. My Mom was a Kappa Delta when she was in college. The 7 of us visited in the guest apartment until about 6:00 PM. We learned about the school, campus life and their sorority. I should mention that the girls were the Sorority President, Social Chairman and Rush Chairman. The girls took Lisa and me out to dinner, where the conversation was less formal and more girl talk. 

When we returned, my Mom gave us 2 bottles of chilled white wine and the 5 of us settled in the guest apartment. Although we hinted around boyfriends and sex at dinner, when the wine was flowing everyone opened up. We swapped party stories and I thought our experiences were nearly equal to theirs. Despite the generic info we discussed in front of my parents, the girls impressed upon Lisa and me that their sorority was the hottest and most prestigious on campus, and they were affiliated with one of the coolest fraternities on campus. The 3 girls in front of us were certainly smoking hot! Also, 2 girls who were already on the women's softball team were in their sorority. We had been talking about bondage sex for nearly an hour, and at around 9:30 the girls asked to see what equipment we used. I went into the closet in my guest apartment bedroom and brought out my duffle bag of equipment. I laid it all out on the marble countertop. All of the toys that were meant to go in body orifices were clean and neatly encased in plastic bags. The sorority girls OHHed and AHHed over everything and asked us if we wanted to play. Lisa reminded them that we didn't want to do anything too stringent that might cause us to strain a muscle and affect our ball playing. I called Lisa into my bedroom and told the girls that we would change clothes. I had both of my sexy play costumes in there. Lisa wore my blue plaid micro miniskirt, with the top tie between her breasts, while I wore my original red plaid micro miniskirt and the scoop neck top with button fasteners under my breasts.

The 3 girls stripped and simply cuffed Lisa's and my wrists behind our backs with the padded leather wrist cuffs and blindfolded us. I just stood in the middle of the room and let the girls play with me. They thoroughly tested my making out skills, with lots of tongue sucking, that left me breathing hard all hot and wet. My top was undone and pushed over my shoulders and down my arms. I think all 3 of them played with my breasts and nipples from in front and from behind. My nipples were pinched, pulled, rolled and even scraped with fingernails, before being voraciously suckled. I could feel my pussy juices leaking into my panties. Next, my little skirt and panties were pulled down and I stepped out of them. Someone pushed on my shoulders urging me to get on my knees. The Sorority President said, "Girls, I want you to show us how you do a blowjob. Apparently Lisa was in the same position as I, and 2 of the sorority girls had donned our strapons. I did my best blowjob on the 8" phallus. I had licked and sucked and bobbed on it for perhaps 10-15 minutes, and then it seemed the dildo was buried in my throat until she was satisfied that I had done everything well. She got me to my feet, bent me over a chair and plunged that 8" strapon, that I had just sucked, all the way into my cunt. She just about fucked the shit out of me and didn't stop until I came twice! 

Finally, my blindfold was removed and I was prodded to kneel in front of the Sorority President, who was seated on a chair, with her legs spread, waiting to get her pussy licked. She was a screamer and also begged a lot. I teased her mercilessly before I finished her off. Next, I had to eat the Rush Chairman's pussy. I was able to get her to come and squirt, and then gave her a 2nd clitoral orgasm. I'm not certain if we were just playing or passing a test. Maybe they expected us to cry or resist or refuse what they had Lisa and me do, but neither one of us gave any indication that we weren't playing and having fun. I was certain that we did everything well and had passed, if indeed it was a test. Lisa and I were released and our tops fell to the floor. We were told to sit in a chair. One by one, all 3 of them ate our pussies. I suggested that after the double header we played that afternoon, Lisa and I would go upstairs to bed and leave the sorority girls there to continue their playing. But first the Sorority President wanted Lisa and me to tie up the other 2 girls in the bedrooms for her. I reached for the padded leather cuffs, but she said no. She wanted us to tie them up with rope.
 
I took the taller Rush Chairman. I tied her wrists behind her back and then tied her elbows touching. I buckled the 6" penis gag into her mouth and affixed an 8" dildo to the front panel of the penis gag. I grabbed a couple more pieces of rope and a couple toys, and led her into my bedroom. I got her centered on the bed on her back and placed an old pillow under her butt. Her legs were spread so wide that she was nearly doing the splits, before I tied her ankles to the side rails of the bed. Two more touches were added. I flicked and pinched her nipples until they were nice and hard, and then I applied the nipple clamps and turned them tight. Finally, I turned my 7" X 2" realistic flesh like vibrator on low and shoved it up her open pussy. Lisa finished a few minutes later with her girl. We left our play clothes and got dressed and said goodnight. The Sorority President said that she might play with her girls for the rest of the night. Lisa and I went upstairs to my room and slept in my king sized bed.

In the morning we woke before 8:00 AM. While Lisa showered, I wrote in my journal. After my shower, Lisa and I got ourselves ready and dressed. Lisa wore a pair of my panties, cutoffs, bra and top. We got downstairs by 9:00 AM to find my Mom in the kitchen. My Dad was already off at the golf course. Mom hadn't heard anything from the guest apartment. My Mom fixed Lisa and me a little breakfast. By 9:45 AM, Lisa and I tapped lightly on the guest apartment door and entered. The girls were up, showered, dressed and just about ready to go. I could help notice that the 2 girls Lisa and I tied up wore long sleeves and jeans. We were told that Lisa and I would make fine additions to their sorority. If we showed up during rush week next September, all 3 of them would sponsor us. And, they told us that we would easily pass their initiation. They had washed and dried all our toys and had them neatly lined up on the marble countertop, along with all the ropes and cuffs. They were ready to go out the door in fifteen more minutes. My Mom offered them some breakfast, but they said they would pick something up in town and get going back to campus. We said our goodbyes in the driveway and they were off.

EPILOGUE

Before telling you more about myself today and about my friends and lovers, I want to rag a bit about a few of the story reviewers on this website, in particular JimmyJump. If you read reviews of stories on this website, and especially if you are an author, you have probably run across the reviewers that I am talking about. Their reviews read like they were written by self-absorbed snobby pompous arrogant New York Times book critic wannabee rejects, who often digress onto non-relevant self-centered tangents. What they don't understand or realize is that virtually everyone writing stories for this website is an AMATEUR author! They review the stories as if they were written by Hemingway or L.M. Alcott or James Patterson or Nora Roberts. You reviewers who think you are God's gift to literature need to get off your high horses and get real. I've read author's replies to some of JimmyJump's reviews, and they accuse him of not reading their whole story, but rather just lightly skimming it. I think it's true and cheap. You do a disservice to the authors who took the time to write a story. There are no "War and Peace" like novels on this website. Also, there are no stories that would require the deep thinking and understanding of a Jan Paul Satr novel. I'll admit that there are a lot of pretty crappy stories on this website, but at least the authors take the time to write something. I find very little to read on this website, but I do have a few favorite authors. I've received dozens of emails from people, who can express themselves and told me their stories very well in multi-paragraph emails, yet they are afraid to put their thoughts into story form and post them. Some of them ask me to write a story for them. In your zeal to be this website's leading reviewer, JimmyJump, do you think you are scaring them off. JimmyJump reviewed one of my earlier stories, "PAID IN FULL," and called it "harsh and cold," but if he had only read the whole one part short story, especially the last paragraph, he would have discovered the story to be a pre-arranged hot steamy night of scripted fantasy fulfilling mind blowing bondage sex.

After graduation from high school, we all scattered to various parts of the Country to attend college. Lisa and I went together to the same University, played women's softball and joined the sorority. I gave up modeling before Christmas break of my freshman year. Also, my singing career came to an abrupt end when I left my high school Swing Band. There was nothing comparable at college. I could always find contemporary music that I liked, but didn't care to sing it in public, except maybe when attending a concert. During our college years, many of us came home for the summer to work, while others came back to visit for a week or two. We would always find time to get together and play some games that purposely led to a lot of bondage sex. These college summer sex games are depicted in my first 3 stories on this website, the "Let's Play" series.

Brian and Rob actually didn't go to a 4 year college. Instead, they went to a 2 year Junior College where they learned the ins and outs of automobile mechanics and body shop work. After graduating, Brian became affiliated with General Motors cars, and Rob went with Toyota. They took courses, mostly paid for by their employers, to become certified mechanics and auto body technicians. Today, Brian is the Service Manager for a GM dealership in the N.W. suburbs of Chicago. Brian is married, with 2 small kids, and a 3rd one on the way. Rob is the Service Manager for a large Toyota dealership in the S.W. suburbs of Chicago. He is also married with one child. I know from their Christmas cards and enclosed annual family letters that their families get together as many times a year as possible. Lisa and I have no idea what became of Tyler or where he is today. No one seems to. Their parents sold the house in our hometown and moved away. Ashley heard from someone that he dropped out of college after his junior year, but nobody knows anymore. 

Ryan got into one of the Ivy League colleges and studied economics and finance. He went on to get his Masters Degree and today is an Associate Professor of Economics at a very prestigious Ivy League college. He is not married and a most eligible and hot bachelor, judging from the casual photo he enclosed with his last Christmas card and letter. Brandon studied computer science, while he was away getting his degree and a Masters on top of that. He is back n Silicone Valley working for a major tech company. He is not married and has turned into a bit of a computer nerd or geek. Eric went to a small Midwestern college as English major. He got interested in education, did his student teaching and got a Masters. He did the whole All-America thing; a wife, 2 kids, a nice house and a white picket fence. Today he is teaching 6th grade in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. His wife is a Jr. High teacher in a different school in the same school district. The only contact that I have with any of my old high school boyfriends is the annual exchange of a Christmas card and family newsletter.

After graduating from college in Arizona, Rhonda could not find a job for over a year. She wound up in Las Vegas selling real estate. She completed or earned various broker certifications, which are all those mysterious initials that appear on her broker's business card, and attest to her knowledge and experience. Along the way, she got married and divorced in less than a year. Thankfully, there were no children. Las Vegas and the rest of Nevada were among the hardest hit areas in the Country, when the housing boom turned to bust a few years ago. Today the real estate market has picked up a bit, but Rhonda has also taken a job dealing Blackjack at one of the luxurious Strip hotels. Beth always wanted to be a teacher. She got her degree and Masters at 2 of the University of California's branch campuses. Unfortunately, she got married, had a beautiful baby boy and got divorced. Thank God she got rid of that lying cheating bastard husband she married. Today, she teaches high school English and Literature at a Sacramento, CA high school. Just a few words about Lisa here, and I'll have more about her below. Lisa majored in Graphic Arts while we were in college together. She got engaged during her senior year. She got married in late June, right after graduation. I was her maid of honor. Her husband, David, is the sweetest and coolest guy. Lisa pretty much runs her father's graphic arts and photo studio west of L.A. From my modeling years, Lisa has expanded into commercial modeling photography. David works for his father's graphic arts studio in a northern L.A. suburb. They have the cutest 2 year old girl, who I think will grow up and look like Lisa.

Ashley was and is my 2nd best girlfriend from high school. My political views have not gotten in the way of our friendship. Ashley went to a Big Ten college an earned her degrees in civil engineering. She has a very good job as a civil engineer for one of Los Angeles's largest suburbs. A few years ago, Ashley announced that she was a committed lesbian, and moved in with Cami. Cami (Camille) appeared in my "Lesbians and Unicorns" and "Weekend of Submission" stories. I voted in the affirmative on California's Proposition 8 to ban same sex marriages. "Marriage" they say is just a word, but it has deep meaning for me. Marriage, as a union between a man and a woman, has deep roots in Church and common law that go back hundreds of years, and I believe that it should remain that way. During a several month period, same sex marriages were allowed in California, and Ashley and Cami were married in an all lesbian wedding. It's all a mess. Same sex marriages are on hold. The whole thing will wind up before the U.S. Supreme Court. I don't understand how some stupid gay judge can rule a Constitutional Amendment unconstitutional! Now, Ashley and Cami are talking about adopting a baby. I do believe that same sex couples should be able to get a Civil Union, but there are parts of those laws that leave me deeply conflicted. I know that this Country has an outlandishly high divorce rate, and there are millions of single parent Moms out there. I firmly believe that a child should be raised with both a mother and father present. Perhaps this is wishful thinking on my part. Besides adoption, there is nothing to prevent either Ashley or Cami, or any other lesbian, from going to a sperm bank or finding a guy and getting pregnant. They are both hot lipstick lesbians and could easily pickup any suitable guy, size him up as a potential father and sleep with him to get pregnant.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Meagan was always an avid reader, but her life was filled with tragedy. You will recall from the "My Sexual Evolution" prequel that in Junior High School Meagan's parents separated and her aunt and her 2 obnoxious male high school cousins moved into her house. She wound up seeing a psychologist. She went to a medium sized Division II college in the Midwest to study library science. During her freshman year there, her older brother was killed in Afghanistan. Shortly after that Meagan's parents sold their home down the street from my parent's house. They bought a fruit farm about an hour north of our hometown. The acreage in avocadoes and fruit trees was either leased out, or they had some kind of crop sharing arrangement.&nbsp; There was a small 3 bedroom house on the property plus a 40' X 60' post and beam fruit storage barn. Her parents put a new roof on the barn and fixed up the barn's siding and had it painted. They completely refurbished the inside of the barn to turn it into a party barn. A separate septic system was installed and Men's and Women's washrooms were put in. A little kitchen and eating area were installed plus a game corner. A new sub-floor was put in over the original floor and that was covered with new carpeting. Towards the end of the first semester of her senior year in college, Meagan's parent's car was t-boned by a drunken truck driver and both were killed instantly. Meagan was able to take her tests and at least get credit for 7 semesters of college work. She quit school and moved into her parent's home. Meagan inherited everything plus received a sizable insurance payment. Meagan was able to take classes locally to get at least a degree in library science. She got a part time job at a small library about 1/2 hour away from her new home. Today, she works 30 hours a week at that library.

However, what mild mannered librarian Meagan did was the real story. She married a carpenter, who made beautiful custom furniture. He built a workshop on their property and continues to make fine custom furniture that is in great demand. She sold off the crop land and kept about 10 acres of property. Her husband, Phillip, expanded the kitchen area and installed a bar area. They got a liquor license and turned the party barn into a Bondage Barn! They air conditioned the entire building. On the 60' wall opposite the kitchen, bar and washrooms, Phillip installed 10 private stalls equipped with little more than a brass bed. Because of the post and beam construction, there were posts everywhere to tie (mostly) girls to. In-between the posts were pulleys attached to the overhead beams to string someone up or tie them suspended either upright or upside down. Phillip built a staircase up to the never used loft, which farmers would call a hay mow. Again, a new sub-floor was installed and covered with new carpeting. Besides some beds out in the open, Phillip built 2 pillories, a rack and my favorite, a kneeling pillory. While your arms and neck were held by the holes in the pillory, your mouth and pussy were available to be fucked. Who would have thought that mild mannered librarian Meagan was also the Madame of an exclusive private bondage club today?

I turned 28 in June of 2010. After I graduated from college, with my business degree, I did not go on to grad school for an MBA. I turned down an offer to play professional women's softball. I saw no future for me in that sport. It is less popular than the W.N.B.A. Instead, I went to work full time for the Family Foundation in an administrative position. I have locally taken a number of specific post-graduate business courses that have helped me in my work. One of the first things I did was to talk my Dad into funding a merit based scholarship program for kids at my old high school. The scholarship is named after me and I administer it. Every spring I go back to my old high school, after graduating seniors have received their financial aid packages, to interview student applicants. Every year I stop and stare at the plaque that we cheerleaders had installed in the sidewalk in front of the student entrance to the school. Also, every year I go look at the trophy case, with all its awards and pictures, outside the girl's sports locker room. It brings back great memories. 

When I turned 25, I received my trusts from my parents. I've mentioned before that I was a trust fund brat, who was born with a silver spoon in her mouth, but it probably wouldn't have turned out so well for me if my 2 brothers hadn't died in early childhood.&nbsp; I put a chunk of the money into the scholarship fund named for me. Today it is well funded and nearly self-sustaining. Now, I award anywhere from 5-20 scholarships ranging from a single amount of a few thousand dollars on up to full four year scholarships. Remember, these are strictly merit based scholarships, and needs and educational goals vary widely. I bought a house! It is a beautiful 5 bedroom home, with pool, in a great LA suburb. No, it's not in Brentwood or Hollywood. I hired a pool service, a lawn service and a housecleaning service. I took up flower gardening as a hobby. Usually, if you drive by on a Saturday morning, you will see me out in my yard, wearing cutoffs and a halter top, tending to my roses and other flowers. I know the men in my neighborhood approve, because they always slow down for a good look. However, there is one middle aged lady living 4 houses down from me, who has shouted out her car window, "Put on some clothes!" What a prude! This is California and I just flip her off.

I first went to Meagan's Bondage Barn shortly after graduating from college. Actually, a pretty good sized group of high school girlfriends and boyfriends were around town, and 4 or 5 carloads of kids went. However, Ashley (before she became a lesbian) and I were forced to wear our old slutty sexy party outfits and driven up there bound and gagged. I visited the Bondage Barn a number of times. My last visit was a 4 day stay over the July 4 weekend in 2009, several weeks after my 25th birthday. I actually wrote a 3 part story about that adventure. During that visit, Meagan and Phillip asked me for some help. They were barely breaking even on the Bondage Barn, although their other incomes let them live the lifestyle they wanted. They needed a business plan. I invested some of my trust fund money, and I am a minority owner today. We formed a Limited Liability Corporation (LLC) and got a huge liability insurance policy. Meagan had been charging nightly admission fees, but that was changed to memberships. All women paid a reduced rate and all men paid full price. All men were required to wear condoms, but if a couple came together, they could sign a waiver relieving the Bondage Barn from liability for bodily harm and transmission of STDs. At least 50% of attendees were submissive females. They simply filled out a checklist each time they came that indicated what they would do. Ditto that for any submissive males. Two security guards were hired for whenever the Bondage Barn was open. If Meagan or Phillip weren't working the bar, she had a bartender/cook come in to make drinks and cook a limited selection of quick snacks like burgers, fries, nachos and other popular appetizers. 

They stocked about 30 brands of beer, plus the fully stocked bar and mixers. Prices for liquor and beer were raised at least to a level that was competitive with popular sports bars. The number of ropes and leather restraints were tripled, and hung everywhere on wooden pegs. Finally, the barn itself was built on land that sloped away from the front entrance. There was actually a cement walled farm equipment cellar that was about 40" X 40' at the rear of the barn. The open end of the barn was closed with a new partial concrete wall and a cement floor poured. Phillip installed a staircase down to the new dungeon that was hidden by a secret panel. Four open showers were installed. There was no privacy and everyone in the dungeon was naked. There was a floor drain in one corner of the dungeon. There, tied up victims could be hosed off at anytime. There were chains and manacles and spreader bars everywhere, along with a selection of whips and floggers and other painful devices. In the center of the floor were whipping rails and posts. Metal frames and "X" crosses lined one wall, along with a real wooden crucifix built by Phillip. Additional fees were charged to use the dungeon, because extra security was required. The loft is now reserved for couples and not regularly supervised. 

In the center of the main floor stands a "cumbucket" table. It is a sturdy old table that had been covered with Formica for easy cleaning. I couldn't believe it when Meagan told me how many women wanted to be tied spread-eagle to a table top and have men fuck their pussies or mouths, and pull out and cum all over them. Another table stands in the center of the main floor. Meagan had found a story at her library about 19th Century Victorian parlor games. They bought an old heavy antique table. Phillip cut holes in the top of the table in strategic locations. Again, virtually all users are women. They are tied face down on the table, with their tits and pussies exposed from below. Men or women can climb under the table and eat the woman's pussy or play with her tits, while others spank her from above. Today The Bondage Barn is a profitable successful business. Our Family Foundation's credit department thoroughly checks out and investigates all member applications for a reasonable fee. I share in the profits in proportion to my minor ownership. 

I mentioned that my last visit to the Bondage Barn, as a patron, was over the July 4, 2009, weekend. That is where I met William. We hit it off right from the start. We began dating. Our first 3 dates were quite conventional. On our 4th date, I let him eat my pussy. He did that oh so well and I had multiple orgasms, and I sucked him off twice. After that, we began spending nights over and he tied me up for several hours each time. William moved in with me around September 1st. Then, we were having sex everyday and he tied me up several times a week. I know that the Catholic doctrine is to avoid pre-marital sex, but I personally doubt that many do. There is a weekly feature on one of our local TV stations called "Try It Before You Buy It." They test new products to see if they really work, before you go out and buy one. They recently tested a new cellphone app that is supposed to emit a sound to ward off mosquitoes. That one proved to be totally worthless.&nbsp; Ladies and girls, with the high divorce rate in this Country, I highly recommend that you move in with a guy for several months to try him out, before you commit to marrying him. You'll find how really compatible you are together and if you can get along. You'll find out who is a slob and how you both look and act in the morning. William is 2 years older than me and is an ad executive for, not the largest, but one of the most respected and upcoming ad agencies in the Los Angeles area. After he moved in, we both got blood tests for STDs. From that point on we had sex without the use of condoms, though I was still on the pill. He proposed on September 23.

We had a Christmas Eve wedding at a posh Palm Springs, California resort hotel. We had a huge private room reserved for 2 days, and there were many changes to the room's setup during that time. After the wedding in a secluded lawn setting, we moved to the room for the reception, which had 3 different bands playing music well into the night. Food was always available and the champagne flowed from 2 fountains. The next day the reception roo was re-decorated in a Christmas theme and a Christmas brunch was served to all guests and members of the wedding party. This was followed by and exchange of Christmas gifts and the opening of our wedding presents. In mid-afternoon, a formal Christmas dinner was served, followed by the cutting of the wedding cake. The 2 day event was recorded by a videographer and still photographer, plus it seemed that everyone had cameras. Following the dinner and cake, William and I changed. I threw my wedding bouquet and we ran the gauntlet of rice throwing well wishers to catch a cab to the airport.

We honeymooned on a small Caribbean Island at an exclusive resort hotel with private beaches. Along the pristine clear blue waters beach and on either side of the main complex, 6 private bungalows were spaced down the beach. I do call my husband Bill, but only a small number of people do. He is William to the rest of the World, including at work. Our private bungalow was down at the end facing a small lagoon. The hotel brought whatever we ordered for every meal everyday. At night, a chef custom prepared our food right out on our patio and served it to us. We almost always had fresh fish or scrumptious seafood creations. We had 2 personal motor scooters to explore the island, shop in town and just to ride up to the resort to look around and shop. In their women's clothing store, I found the most amazing collection of bikinis. One afternoon, William had me try on at least 10 bikinis, and he bought me 6 to wear around our secluded pool at home. There is some old joke about a bikini being 2 Band-Aids and a cork. The ones William bought for me weren't much bigger. We also went up to the resort to dance at the club several nights. We swam in the sparkling blue waters and SCUBA dived. However, the thing we did the most was fuck! I was off the pill. William fucked me every morning, every afternoon and every night for 6 straight days, and sometimes in-between. When we were at the bungalow, we were always nude. We sunbathed nude and William fucked me on the beach tied or untied. There were some smooth barked palm trees behind our bungalow and William tied me to one or spread me between 2 of them and fucked me no matter what time of day it was. 

Our bungalow furniture was rustic and not suited to fucking, but we had the softest most comfortable four poster bed. Once we went to bed, I usually remained tied spread-eagle to the bed until morning. William set an alarm to wake him up at 2 hour intervals just to screw me. After we made love in the nude the first time on the beach, all my inhibitions vanished. Every morning, we eventually woke and ate our pre-ordered breakfast, which was always there in 15-20 minutes after William called the resort. After breakfast, William tied me up and dragged me down to the beach and made me suck him off. Then, he would eat my pussy until I had several orgasms. Only then did he release me and let me shower. I must have showered 4 or 5 times a day. On our final night there, New Year's Eve, we mostly heard, but managed to watch most of the fireworks, while I was getting fucked on the beach in front of our bungalow. We left the Island late the next morning, having shipped all our gifts and souvenirs directly home, and took the short flight to Miami. From there, we flew directly back to Los Angeles. Before any confirmation, I just knew that I was pregnant. 

Nine months or so later I delivered the most perfect beautiful pair of twin boys. Grandma Celeste and Grandpa Nels fawned over them from the start and spoil them rotten, as all grandparents do. William's parents live out East and visit several times a year. We have also flown the twins out East to celebrate an alternating schedule of Holiday who gets who. Today the twins are 20 months old. They are walking around like little devils and get into everything. I've childproofed the entire house where they have access to. They are also talking and quickly heading towards their terrible twos. I read to them all the time, mostly picture story books, so they can relate the word to the picture. We also play learning skills type games. Lisa and David live less than 1/2 mile from us. Our kids will often get together at one of our homes for play dates. I now have the twins in a wonderful progressive day care 5 mornings a week so that I can go in to the Foundation's office at least every morning.

The twins are still together in the nursery, which is next to our master bedroom. One of our 5 bedrooms is unfurnished for now, and the other 2 bedrooms are furnished as guest bedrooms. This will have to change soon. It's getting time to move the twins into separate bedrooms. The first question to be answered is which 2 bedrooms to re-decorate for the twins. This decision is on hold, because William and I have been talking about having another child. If and when I get pregnant again, we can at least keep the nursery where it is, with basically only new paint or wallpaper. Under that plan, which seems to be more likely every week, One of the twins would get the current unfurnished bedroom, and the other would get one of the guest bedrooms. William has converted our downstairs study into his office. Besides a computer, with specialized software, William has 2 printers. One printer is pretty standard, but the other can print sheets up to 40" wide. When he is developing an ad campaign, he will setup storyboards in his office. I use about 1/2 of our downstairs library for my home office. We seem to have out of town guests at least once a month. If it's one of my high school or college girlfriends, or even 2, every few months I will take the twins to our best babysitter, Grandma Celeste, and then have an afternoon to play lesbian bondage games. With his home office, William never has to work late. We still manage to make love at least 5 days a week, and he ties me up about twice a week. Ashley, Cami and a few of my sorority sisters want to take me back to The Bondage Barn for a private all girl session and Meagan has said, "Anytime!" I think we'll go in the next couple months.

I mentioned that I had written a 3 part story about my July 4, 2009, weekend at The Bondage Barn. William has read this story, as well as my other stories, and asked me not to publish it. I agree with him. We are both in it, and neither of us wants our private sexual lives exposed, because of our jobs and how well each of us is known in the area. Thus, "The Bondage Barn" will remain unpublished. If William and I decide to try for another child, my current birth control IUD can easily be removed. When I am ovulating, William wants to also take me to The Bondage Barn, where we met. He is practically guaranteeing that he can knock me up with 4-5 hours of bondage sex. My life is really full and I am very very happy. This story and its prequel, "My Sexual Evolution", took 3-4 times as long to write as it should have. I just don't have the time to sit down and write for more than an hour, without having to put it aside for several days. My journals from my college years remain there in non-story form. I have no interest in writing fiction. Therefore, this will be my last story. Thanks to the many readers of my various stories posted on this website. Special thanks to all of you who took the time to email me with your comments and thoughts.

Bye,
Christine

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Christine


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





