BDSM Library - 0nyx




0nyx
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A young womans' encounters with her Dom






She stood under the shower head, letting the hot beads pound on her head and neck before running down her back. She moaned and shifted slightly, enjoying the heat and pressure of the water. It had been a hell of a week and this was the first scrap of free time she'd had to herself all week and she was going to take as long as she could. Picking up the shampoo bottle and depositing a generous amount into her hands she began to lather her hair slowly, enveloping herself in the scent of coconut and vanilla. The bubbles ran down her body, tickling her in some places and stimulating others. She was a few days shy of starting to bleed so she'd been in a state of constant arousal, every sensation had been amplified to the point of physically shaking and her heart pounding so loudly she was certain that her workmates could hear it. She sorely needed the tension relieved or she was going to explode. Her hand drifted slowly down her body, drawing out the sensations but she stopped just shy of reaching where she needed to touch the most. She licked her lips and closed her eyes, contemplating for a second. Just once wouldn't hurt, would it? The thought was tempting. Almost too tempting. She couldn't though - He'll know. He always knew. And it wasn't something that He liked. She'd tried to sneak it past Him before but it was like He had a sixth sense for that kind of thing. In the beginning she had tested His patience but He'd always caught her and she'd been punished. Not badly, at least not at first. The last time however...

She lay down on her bed, naked but for the collar He'd given her, legs splayed and her right hand pressed against her mound. Her left hand trailed along her body squeezing her breasts hard and pinching her nipples then releasing them when the pressure got too intense then gradually closing her hand around them again and again. The delicious spike of pain added a sharp thrill to her pleasure, taking the edge off yet paradoxically driving her closer home. Caught up in the feelings she was invoking, the sounds of her harsh breathing and the wetness that seemed to almost pour out of her and her racing heart, she bit her lip accidentally, cutting through the haze and drawing her slightly back to reality. Not that she minded, it just ensured that she'd be there for a while longer. It was her day off after all and she planned on spending as much time as she could relaxing. She continued to slowly swirl her fingers around and around her clit, enjoying the soft, gentle touches for a while but soon hungered for more. She began to move faster and faster and faster until she was certain that it would only take a little bit more to get her over the edge. Breathing heavily through her nose, loud and uneven, she continued trailing her left hand down her body and clenched her thighs around her hand, balled into a fist at first then opening her palm up and running her nails along her thighs, doing anything she could to increase the sensations surrounding her pussy, desperate to reach orgasm. Her teeth clenched and her eyes started to close and she let out a soft whimper, she was close... so close... just a few more seconds and she'd be there...


She'd barely had enough time to pull her hands up when He'd stormed into her bedroom. She froze and tried to control her ragged breaths, they were so loud in the quiet stillness of the room, His silence just making them sound worse. He stared down into her eyes and watched her intently, taking in her hot and bothered state - her unruly hair, tendrils framing her face, her rosy cheeks, the way her chest moved due to exertion, her shiny hands, slick with moisture. The most delicious thing about her however was the way she bit her lip, knowing that she'd been caught. She'd been so close, too. Poor thing, he thought with an inward grin. His dark amusement was not apparent to her, of course. She only saw that His eyes were hard and He didn't look very happy. Still shaking from the after effects she drew in a breath and in an unsteady voice she rushed to explain.

"Please Master, I didn't mean to, I only-"

"Tsk, tsk", He cut in abruptly, "I didn't say you could speak, did I?"

She shook her head quickly.

He smirked, and her heart skipped a beat; the look in His eyes told her that she wasn't in for an easy time. She held her breath and watched Him, as keenly a rabbit would watch a hawk that was about to strike. He held her gaze while He slowly undid his tie, shaking His head. "I thought I had broken you of your insolence last time this happened. I guess not? He laughed softly. "I suppose I'll have to teach you another lesson, hmm?" He grinned his Cheshire cat grin and pulled His tie from His neck.

Beckoning her forward with His finger, He waited for her to get up off the bed and approach Him. She was so eager to please Him she didn't think and stood up. "Ah ah ahh" He chided. "How do you get around in my presence?" It was a rhetorical question, there was only one way she was allowed to move around whilst with Him and that was on her hands and knees. She'd lost the privilege of walking almost as soon as they'd met due to her misbehaviour. Sometimes He thought she liked being punished.

He held His tie out for her and waited for her to approach, letting her nuzzle His hands for a few seconds before she took the tie from Him and began to restrain herself.
"Good girl" He praised. She'd been studying the knots He'd told her to memorise. "You still aren't in the clear though. You've been naughty, haven't you?"
 She looked up at Him, wondering if He knew about her recent purchases, after all, they didn't count, did they? Uh oh. 


This is my first story so any and all feedback would be much appreciated! 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   0nyx


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





