BDSM Library - Happy Birthday Angie II




Happy Birthday Angie II
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:      Synopsis: Angela decides to take a few close friends out for dinner to a nearby restaurant for her birthday; however she finds herself alone at the table and is joined unexpectedly by Tamara. Lonely and betrayed by her friends, Angela is seduced by Tamara, goes back home with her and unwittingly strips down to her birthday suit. However, Angela finds a surprise awaiting her and the real party begins. After being paraded around naked, dressed in embarrassing clothing, covered in baby oil and enduring a night of ridicule, Angela gets fucked in her ass. The next day Angela discovers her true place in life.






************************************************************************
This story is the continuation of the story titled �Happy Birthday Angie�, although this can be read even if you haven&#8217;t read the first story yet. Feedback is much appreciated, especially if it is positive and constructive.
************************************************************************

Happy Birthday Angie II

Elite was the best new restaurant in the area and Angela felt a surge of self-satisfaction as she stepped through the golden doors into the well-lit, luxuriously furnished room. There were a fair number of people waiting for a table as was the norm for new places like this. Angela walked confidently up to the desk that faced the entrance and spoke to the man behind it.

"I'm Angela and I booked a table for twelve earlier today," she said, hardly bothering to smile in case it messed up the thick application of makeup on her face. She rarely enjoyed talking to other people, especially those who worked in restaurants and today was no exception.

The man nodded in reply and she was directed to her table. She felt rather than saw a couple of people glancing her way but ignored this and held her head high as she walked, proud of the way she looked tonight. Her dark hair was styled lavishly and was immaculate; she had spent a good part of half an hour styling it so that it was perfect. Her two inch heels made no sound on the tiled floor and although they were an older pair of shoes, they served their purpose; which was to give a little boost to her short and slim figure.

She settled into the chair at the head of the table, admiring the intricate design of the setting. With colors of blue and gold, the table and chairs looked lovely in the dim light. She loved how that light reflected off her bright new yellow dress and drew attention to her. Tonight, all the attention would be on her and this pleased her no end. Angela informed the waiter that she would order once her guests arrived and briefly watched him walk away before picking up the menu and looking through it.

An hour passed by and Angela's lips had a permanent pout on it. She glanced at the time on her mobile phone for the umpteenth time before sighing and flipping through her contacts and dialing her friend.

"Oh Angie honey, I totally forgot about it, I won't be able to come today love. Got a sudden work thing, you know how it is," said her friend airily before cutting the line on her. Seething that her friend hadn't even bothered to wish her, Angela called up her other friends who all claimed to be involved in the same "work thing". They had not been able to come for her birthday party last year either. It was unusual for them to pass up free food so Angela really couldn't understand it. She almost snarled in disappointment but managed to hold back that particular emotion. It was better to save her anger for when she met them next. She wasn't above yelling at her friends whenever she got the opportunity so they knew what was in store for them.

Upset about how her birthday was turning out, Angela shoved her phone into her black purse and prepared to leave. She was so focused on her anger and disappointment that she barely registered someone pulling out the chair next to her and sitting down. About to cry and plotting elaborately cruel plans of vengeance on her friends in her mind, Angela looked towards the person and was shocked to see that it was a familiar face.

"Tamara!" exclaimed Angela, as all other thoughts vanished quickly from her mind. She hadn't seen this girl in a year, in fact, the last time she saw her, it was at her last birthday party.

"Many happy returns of the day, Angie," said Tamara with a stunningly beautiful smile which lit up the room like the sun on a glorious summer morning.

Angela was temporarily incapable of speech to respond in any sort of coherent way, so she resorted to staring at the lovely twenty year old bombshell who sat in front of her. A year older at twenty now, Tamara was even more attractive than how Angela remembered her. Tall, with full lips and bright brown eyes, Tamara was a beauty. Gifted with a magnificent figure, lovely skin and hair that attained a casual elegance that Angela's never could, she wouldn't have looked out of place in some sort of beauty pageant.

Blinking to stop her relentless ogling, Angela finally stuttered out a meaningless greeting. "Hi," she said in a somewhat hoarse voice. Gathering a bit more courage, and with a faint hint of outrage, Angela spoke again. "What are you doing here?"

"Oh, I was in the neighborhood and thought I would join you," replied Tamara airily and studied her well-manicured fingers briefly before turning her attention back to Angela. She could still remember the last time she met the stuck up birthday girl and how much fun she had once Angela lost her clothes.

"I think you should leave," decided Angela, pursing her lips and glaring at the younger girl.

The cold tone had very little effect on Tamara who just smiled in response. "Why should I? Are you scared of me?" asked Tamara with a playful glint in her eye.

"I'm not scared of you," said Angela and immediately blushed and regretted saying anything at all, as her response sounded childish even to her.

"Are you sure of that Angie? I might make you play Pin the Tail on the Donkey again," said Tamara with a giggle. Angela chose not to reply at all this time and turned up her nose at this unwelcome reminder of the embarrassing game she had to endure the previous year. Angela grabbed her purse and prepared to storm off, but Tamara held up a hand and stopped her.

"I'm just kidding Angie, I want to apologize for what happened last year. I'm older now and I think we behaved a bit too childishly back then," said Tamara in a serious tone.

Angela studied Tamara's pretty eyes and decided that the younger girl was being honest. "You girls ruined my birthday last year you know," said Angela with a huff before looking at the more or less empty table before. "This birthday isn't going too well either," said Angela quietly, almost as an afterthought, as the disappointment hit her once again.

"You want to talk about it sweetie?" asked Tamara and that was enough for Angela to start pouring out her stories of disappointment and poorly formed plans of revenge. They ordered a glass of wine each and Angela soon found herself ordering another one as she went on about her friends and her problems at work. Three glasses later, Angela was feeling tipsy and emotional. Tamara proved to be an attentive listener and Angela often found herself opening up more and more to the youngster. Angela couldn't help notice how attractive Tamara was tonight and kept feeling a slight twinge of envy whenever she looked at the girl. Without knowing it, her eyes were getting lost within the big brown eyes of her new friend. Tamara was smart, beautiful, sexy and fun to hang around with and Angela felt both jealous and envious of her. After a few more glasses of wine, the birthday girl was surprised to find that her nipples were hard and tingling as she leaned a bit closer towards her companion unknowingly and took a whiff of the younger girl's exquisite perfume.

Tamara spied Angela's nipples through her dress and smiled seductively at the older girl. She leaned forward as well to give Angela a better view of her ample assets through her low cut green blouse. Angela couldn't help noticing the charms of her companion and lost the plot of the conversation temporarily. Luckily Tamara chose that moment to swoop in and save her the embarrassment of sitting there and gawking stupidly.

"It was so mean of those girls to miss your birthday again. I'm so glad I stopped by and it's great that I have a chance to make it up to you," said Tamara soothingly.

Comforted by Tamara's tone, Angela smiled and put down her umpteenth glass of wine. She usually didn't drink much but today she really felt that she needed to unwind. She placed her hand on Tamara's arm and continued to talk, occasionally flirting in-adeptly. She didn't usually behave this way but somehow the upsetting events of the day and the wine made her feel the need for company on this special day for her.

"It's getting a bit late. Shall we make a move?" asked Tamara. Angela nodded in agreement and settled the bill. As she stood up, Angela really felt the effect of all the wine she had consumed. Giggling at a random joke that Tamara had made, she walked arm in arm with Tamara and left the restaurant. 
She was surprised to find that she had really enjoyed the company of the taller girl and was delighted that the day hadn't been a complete waste.

Outside, it was time to say goodbye and Tamara gave Angela a hug. Angela felt the large breasts of the younger girl against her own and had to reach up in order to hug Tamara. The heady scent of Tamara's perfume assailed her mind and Angela felt like continuing the hug for ages. When they broke off, their eyes met and Angela could not tear her gaze away. She didn't know if it was the wine or her highly emotional state, but something made her want to spend more time with this beautiful girl.

"Why don't we share a cab, Angie," said Tamara suggestively. It didn't take much to convince Angela at this point and she nodded and they were away. 
Angela fought to keep her eyes on the road as the little yellow taxi they had hailed zipped along but Tamara kept talking to her and Angela had to look into those beautiful brown eyes again in order to register her replies. Tamara directed the taxi and soon they were at Tamara's place.

"I have the house to myself today. Why don't you stop by for a while Angie and have a look at the place, you could always get another cab later?" suggested Tamara alluringly. Angela hesitated and thought about this. There was no doubt in her mind about what Tamara wanted but if she was truthful to herself, Angela knew she wanted Tamara as well. Besides, she really felt the need to have some sort of human contact in her life and she could always dump Tamara the next morning and pretend that none of this ever happened. She didn't consider herself to be a lesbian so she decided it would be a one night thing. She felt strangely excited and keen to make the most of this opportunity. She worked out that she might even humiliate Tamara and get back at her after what happened last year. She would love to humiliate and ridicule Tamara a bit and this was as good an opportunity as any. She didn't know how she was going to do it, but she would teach Tamara a lesson. With this thought in her mind, Angela grinned slyly and finally nodded and paid the cab fare.

They strolled together hand-in-hand up the short, wide driveway with Tamara leading the birthday girl along. Tamara did not fumble at all with the key and the heavy door swung open admitting them both into the dark hallway. Once Tamara shut the door, Angela couldn't see anything as there were no lights on. She felt Tamara reaching for her and could not help responding. The younger girl's lips found hers and Angela felt her mind explode. She allowed herself to get into the passion of the moment and all the frustration she had experienced for the whole night seemed to gush out of her like a crescendo of rainbows.

Tamara's tongue sneaked between her lips and flicked expertly against her own, exploring her mouth voraciously. Hands moved against her body, caressing and fondling her with a combination of firmness and sensuality that Angela had never experienced before. She felt an overwhelming need to make this girl happy and comply with whatever she wanted. The firm nipples, the dampness between her legs and the butterflies in her stomach had the birthday girl almost quivering with excitement.

Suddenly the hands left her body and the lips stopped kissing her. "Angie, now it's time for me to get to know you better. Take it off, all of it," whispered Tamara urgently and Angela needed no further encouragement. She reached down to the hem of her dress and pulled it up and off, revealing matching pale pink lingerie. Too engrossed in her task to blush, Angela tossed the dress to the floor and urgently unstrapped her bra. She stumbled out of her shoes, pulled down her panties and stepped out of them naked as the day she was born. She reached out and staggered forward, blindly seeking out 
Tamara but her hands met nothing but air. She was horny now and eager to make out with Tamara again. Wishing she could see, Angela stepped forward but Tamara seemed to have stepped away. Eager to see Tamara naked and use her sexy body to achieve an orgasm, Angela couldn't wait to rip the clothes off her younger companion. She would figure out a way to humiliate Tamara in the morning. 

She heard a quiet giggle behind her which made her pause and suddenly the lights came on, blinding like the sun, and a whole host of female voices yelled, "Happy Birthday Angie!".


************************************************************************


The naked birthday girl blinked in shock as she took in her surroundings while flashes of light from cameras went off. Her breasts were still heaving in excitement and her nipples were standing up proudly, hard as rubies as the girls laughed at the open-mouthed expression of surprise on Angela's face. 
She recognized each of the four girls who stood around her; they were all the very same set of friends who had fucked her at her last birthday party. 
She had been tricked. Her plan to get back at Tamara had gone horribly wrong and backfired on her. She had hoped to see Tamara naked that night and then expose her naked body to countless people in the morning but she was the one who was exposed.

"We got her Tam!" cheered one of the girls victoriously and Tamara grinned widely and gave her a high five.

Angela covered her perky 32B breasts or her shaved pussy with her hands, shrieked in surprise and swiveled around and tried to grab her discarded clothes. Unfortunately she was too slow and the girls had already grabbed her dress and bra and panties. Naked and shocked into action, Angela ran for the door and tugged at the knob urgently but the thick door was locked and wouldn't budge. Nervously, Angela placed one hand between her legs and another over her bare breasts before turning around to face the girls who all had wide smiles from ear to ear. Cat-that-ate-the-canary smiles.

Angela looked around for another route of escape and saw a door to her right. Abandoning all thoughts of modesty, she uncovered herself and ran towards the door. The girls giggled at the sight of the naked birthday girl running around with her large round butt jiggling and her cute little breasts bouncing as she hurried along. Unfortunately for Angela, this door was locked as well. She turned around to face the girls once more.

Being naked in the room in front of fully-clothed twenty year-olds made Angela blush a bright red, but anger and annoyance soon came to her rescue. 
"What the hell is wrong with you stupid girls?"

"Despite all the fuss you made, the fake crying and the annoying protests, we know you actually enjoyed being the center of attention at your birthday party last year," said a dark girl with dirty blonde dyed hair and an arrogant smirk. She leaned back to take another picture, stretching the bright pink top against her large breasts as she clicked away. "I'm Connie by the way," said the girl with a wide grin, tilting her head and winking at the naked birthday girl.

Angela glared at the girl but decided not to reply. Instead she pouted and gave the girl a dirty look.

"Would you like your pretty dress back, honeybuns?" asked a fat girl in a blue t-shirt and jeans as she held Angela's dress up coyly.

"Do you remember how big her ass is, Debbie? I think the dress needs to show that off a bit," said Tamara to the girl in the blue top and both of them giggled while Angela felt her heart break just a little bit as she hated people making fun of her unusually large ass, especially people like Tamara. Angela glared at Tamara but found her attention drawn to the other girl. Debbie pulled out a small pair of scissors from her pocket and started quickly snipping away at her bright yellow birthday dress.

"Stop it!" yelled Angela in anger. Temporarily forgetting about her nude state, she strode towards Debbie. The younger girl was ready for her though and with a quick motion, threw the dress over Angela's head. Surprised by this, Angela was temporarily disoriented before she pulled the dress down and onto her body. As Angela straightened her dress, Debbie swiftly placed a clown hat with bells on her head. Angela gasped in surprise and backed away to the center of the room, with the dress on her now. Flashes went off and the girls laughed at the spectacle. A large hole had been cut out the back of the dress, exposing Angela's bare ass and two well placed cutouts at the front of the dress displayed a good part of both her breasts.

A hand sneaked out of nowhere and slapped Angela's exposed ass, making her prance forward in shock. She turned around in outrage to glare at Connie who promptly took another picture, temporarily blinding Angela.

"We had a lot more time to plan out your birthday this year Angie girl," said a cute tomboyish girl. Angela remembered she was called Jo by the others during her last birthday party. "We're going to have a great time tonight," said Jo with a cheeky grin. Angela grabbed the hat on her head and threw it to the ground in annoyance as she glared at the giggling girls around her. Tamara blew her a flying kiss in response and winked at her, somehow still causing Angela's heart to flutter.

"Ok, you guys get things set up down here, I'll go and get her changed," said Debbie and grabbed Angela by the hand and dragged her out of the sparsely furnished living room. Angela struggled but Debbie was quite strong. Despite all the extra pounds, Angela could tell this girl worked out. She had a fair amount of muscle under her blue t-shirt. At 6'1 in flats, she towered over Angela's slim five foot frame. They went up a staircase with brown railings with Angela occasionally holding up their progress by grabbing onto a railing, only to be yanked forward firmly by Debbie. The bedrooms were upstairs and they walked into one. Angela was in no mood to appreciate the spotless white walls which matched the rest of the house or the wide double bed with pale cream sheets and the lovely floral pattern on it. Debbie tossed Angela on the bed and started to take off the birthday girl's dress. 
Angela struggled, kicked and tried to push away Debbie's hands as they slid under the dress and attempted to push it up and off her slim body. Debbie laughed at Angela's struggles and seemed to enjoy the resistance put up by the birthday girl. She held Angela's left leg firmly and got on top of her using her weight to gain an advantage and made Angela's kicking more or less ineffective by giving her less room to maneuver. Angela tried to use her hands to hit Debbie but once again the lack of space made it hard for her to do any sort of damage and Debbie was strong enough to block the wild swatting that Angela was attempting. Gasping and grunting in exertion, Angela did her best to thwart her opponent but it was no use. Slowly but surely her dress was pulled off and yanked away from her grasping hands. Naked again Angela looked up at the younger girl and struggled some more. Debbie giggled and held her down, eyeing the naked body of the birthday girl as she flailed about underneath her. They were different in so many ways; while Angela was slender, delicate and pretty, Debbie was big-made, strong and pudgy. Their differences were not only physical but also extended to their personalities. Outgoing, head-strong and a bully at heart, Debbie contrasted sharply with the haughty, prudish, unfriendly Angela. Angela hated this girl and she knew the younger girl knew this. To an extent the feeling was mutual.

"Well, that's a sight for sore eyes," said Debbie with a giggle as she checked out Angela's exposed charms. She had always liked girls and this one was no exception. Angela's face was now red with a combination of anger, embarrassment and exertion but she held her tongue and resorted to glaring at the bigger girl.

Debbie grabbed hold of Angela&#8217;s breasts and squeezed them playfully, before toying with Angela&#8217;s hard nipples. Somehow, Angela got the feeling that she was a product that had just been purchased.

Finally Debbie got off the bed and took a few items of clothes out of a bag which was placed on a dressing table that Angela had not noticed earlier. 
Angela leaned up in bed, still exhausted after her brief struggle. As soon as she saw the items of clothing on the she stared incredulously at Debbie. "I'm not wearing this!"

"Oh yes you are!" said Debbie with a giggle and advanced on Angela again.

"You'll never get me to wear that, never!" Angela's shrill voice carried all the way downstairs where the girls heard her and giggled.

Debbie grabbed Angela by the hand, dragged her off the bed and spun the naked birthday girl around, exposing her big round delectable buttocks which prominently stood out on her slim frame.

"Oww!" Angela shrieked as a thunderous smack hit her exposed butt cheeks.

"Are you going to wear it?" asked Debbie with a smirk.

"No way!" retorted Angela. "Oww!" Angela grimaced and yelled as a second potent blow landed on her well-padded behind, followed quickly by a third and a fourth.

"Owww! Ouch! Let me go!" yelled Angela loudly. A fifth and a sixth slap exploded on her unprotected backside.

"I'll do it! I'll do it! Just stop hitting me like that," stammered Angela hysterically, feeling the sort of prickling in her eyes that usually resulted in floods.

Another resounding smack made her now pink buttocks jiggle enticingly.

"Oww! Hey what was that for?" Angela protested as she tried to wiggle around and face her tormentor.

"Oh, no reason at all, I just enjoyed doing that," replied Debbie with a giggle and squeezed the birthday girl's ample ass playfully. Angela glared at her tormenter furiously and was about the slap the girl before she thought the better of it. Her buttocks were already stinging and she certainly didn't want it to sting worse than this.

"I hate you," Angela snarled as Debbie picked up the outfit she was to wear once again.

"Oh, I know, that's what makes it fun." Debbie chuckled cheekily before holding out a pair of pink panties for Angela to step into. As she dressed the birthday girl, Debbie comfortably ran her hands over the body of Angela, tickling and teasing her, looking for a reaction. Angela didn't disappoint and moaned and wiggled about enticingly as Debbie played with her, occasionally bursting into forced laughter as she got tickled. When Debbie took down her hairstyle and started changing it, Angela started protesting but was quickly silenced by another smack to her bottom.

Finally Angela was ready and they moved downstairs to the living room. Pink balloons and silver streamers hung from the ceiling and a huge, blown up picture from Angela's last birthday party was hung up on the wall. The picture was a depiction of Angela with a shocked expression on her face, naked except for a party hat and the girls standing behind her grinning happily. A few candles adorned the large pink cake in the center of the room and Angela had to admit that the girls had gone through a fair bit of trouble for her.

The girls all giggled and wolf whistles erupted as Angela walked into the room. She was a strange sight to behold in the bright pink kiddy frock that she now wore. Due to its small size, the frock barely covered Angela's pink panties that had little pink teddy bears on them. The top of the frock had been modified so that it left most of her breasts exposed with her nipples threatening to pop out at any second. Her hair was now in pigtails and her fancy hairdo was no more. Her thick coating of makeup contrasted strangely with this look, making her appear unusual. A pair of Mary Janes and ankle socks completed the new outfit she was now sporting. Flashes erupted around her as the girls made good use their cameras.

Debbie led her up to the cake and placed a slim butter knife, which had a pink ribbon tied on it, into her slim hand. Angela had memories of getting her face shoved into the cake last year and was in no mood for a repeat.

As one, the girls started singing.

"Happy birthday to you,
Happy birthday to you,
Happy birthday Angie Pangie,
Happy birthday to you!"

The girls giggled and applauded while Angela glared at them sarcastically as she wasn't too fond of being called 'Angie Pangie'.

"Blow out the candles and cut the cake Angie Pangie," said Jo in-between giggles.

Not wanting to bend over the cake, lest her face ended up being shoved into the icing, Angela waved her arms vigorously over the cake to blow out the candles. The resulting chorus of boos from the girls didn't really put her off and she smiled at them imperiously before placing the knife on the cake and pressing down.

With a loud pop, the cake exploded and Angela's face and new party dress were caked with bits of icing, while the girls burst into laughter at the sight of the shocked birthday girl and recorded the moment with their cameras.


************************************************************************


Angela gingerly wiped off the icing on her surprised face and looked down to see a burst balloon among the remains of the cake. The girls had all stepped back before she cut the cake and they didn't even get a drop of icing on them. Completely abashed that she had fallen for such a childish trick, 
Angela felt sheepish and felt her face burn as she blushed. She was still in shock as cool hands caressed her thighs from behind her and pulled her frock above her waist. Angela started to struggle but her arms were grabbed firmly by Connie who was behind her. Jo walked up to her, smirked at the look on her face and tugged at the waist band of her pink childish panties with both her hands. Pulling the front of Angela's panties down and out, Jo winked at Angela and checked out the shaved pussy in front of her.

"Cute pussy, Angie Pangie. I look forward to seeing more of it later." Jo smiled coyly and touched the bare pussy lightly with her fingers causing Angela to wiggle about wildly to get away as she glared daggers at the girl. The girls giggled at the birthday girl's reaction before Jo pulled Angela's panties up again. Connie held Angela a bit more tightly as Jo slid her hands down Angela's legs and lifted them off the ground.

"Time to get you cleaned up Angie! Let&#8217;s go girls," said Tamara and the girls laughed and carried the surprised birthday girl through the brightly lit kitchen and out the back door. 

They were now in Tamara's spacious backyard which was layered with trimmed grass and a few potted plants. A dog barked from a kennel nearby as the girls carried Angela to the wide pool at the very center of the yard. Angela stared at the girls in confusion until realization dawned on her. She started struggling but the girls held her firmly.

"No! No!" shrieked Angela as they started swinging her.

"One, Two, Three," yelled Tamara and Angela was hurled into the air with her arms flailing. With a loud splash Angela fell into the pool. Her ridiculous party dress actually managed to contain her little breasts and she struggled underwater for a few seconds before breaking the surface only to hear catcalls and laughs from the girls. Tamara brought in a tray of cocktail glasses and soon each girl had a martini in their hand. 

The girls started undressing and they had their bikinis on underneath their clothes. With shouts of glee the girls all jumped into the pool. Angela pouted and treaded water to stay away from them but the girls didn't seem bothered. They splashed about a bit and sipped their drinks by the poolside. Soon 
Angela was at the other end of the pool. She wasn't really a very good swimmer but she managed to do a dog paddle and move about. Nearing the edge of the pool she held on to it. Angela considered getting out of the pool and making a run for. Holding onto the side she was about to haul herself out when a voice stopped her dead on her tracks.

"Don't even think about it you little slut," said Debbie snidely. Angela turned around fearfully and remembered the hard spanking she had received from the big made girl. Her ass still stung a bit from the sharp whacks she had received earlier.

A couple of the girls had finished their drinks and were swimming about a bit. Angela was at the deep end away from the others. Other than pouting and watching the girls nervously, Angela didn't really know what else to do. Suddenly a hand grabbed her leg firmly and dunked her under the water. Angela came back to the surface spluttering only to be dunked again. Jo surfaced nearby and giggled.

"Bitch!" muttered Angela as she glared at the grinning girl, struggling to keep her head above the water. 

Suddenly she was dunked under again. This time Angela was held under the water for longer. Struggling and trying to kick free, the birthday girl felt a hand reach up under her frock and grab her panties. She held on to her panties immediately and hung on to them but she was running out of air. It was soon a choice between losing her panties and getting back to the surface. Angela reluctantly let go of her panties and pulled herself back to the surface as the panties were pulled down her legs and off her. Connie surfaced a few seconds later holding her panties triumphantly. The girls cheered and hooted at the look of annoyance and embarrassment on Angela's face. 

The other girls swam over as well and Angela was surrounded. The girls teased and taunted her as they herded the harassed birthday girl towards the shallow end. Hands occasionally found their way under her frock teasing and squeezing her large ass as she attempted to push their hands away. The icing on her face and dress was now washed away in the pool water. Debbie grabbed Angela's party dress and started tugging it up and off her. Angela struggled and hugged herself tightly in an attempt to hold on to it but the hands under the water were starting to feel her between her legs and one hand was even reaching between her butt cheeks. She swatted at the hands instinctively and her dress was pulled off quickly and efficiently. Angela was naked now except for ankle socks and her soaked Mary Janes. The girls started taking off their bikini bottoms and Angela could guess what was coming. 
Tamara grabbed her by her pigtails and dunked her under the water. She saw Tamara's crotch right in front of her with a trimmed thin strip adorning her pussy. Angela's face was shoved against Tamara's pussy and held there. It was becoming harder to breathe and Angela struggled to get free but 
Tamara held her firm until she started licking. She was briefly allowed to come up for air before being pushed down again. Connie's pussy was next and apparently she wasn't a natural blonde. Jo was the only girl who was completely shaved and Debbie's pussy was covered with thick pubic hair. Angela struggled, splashed about and cried but she had no choice but to lick and hope the girls would cum quickly. The girls were very demanding and Angela had to breathe quickly and deeply in order to make sure she had enough air as she worked their pussies with her tongue. Once they were done, they took turns to push her face between their butt cheeks. Angela tried to get free but the girls held her underwater firmly until she started rimming their assholes with her tongue. 

Finally they were all satisfied and got out of the pool to put on their bikini bottoms. Angela sniffled and tried to stay in the water for longer but the girls weren't having any of that. They held her by the arms and pulled her out, giggling at the sight of her exposed naughty bits. The girls relieved Angela of her socks and shoes and dragged the naked birthday girl into the bathroom and placed her under the shower. Angela usually enjoyed taking long showers by herself everyday but she certainly didn't appreciate having a bunch of giggling girls as an audience. However, the sexual tension was getting to her a bit and Angela couldn't resist tweaking her hard nipples and placing a hand between her legs. The girls hooted, jeered and cheered as Angela worked herself towards a mind numbing orgasm. However, just before she reached what was building up to be the biggest orgasm she had in her life, the girls stopped her. While Angela moaned in frustration, the girls all joined her in the shower, giggling and taking turns to stand under the water. They got Angela to do their backs and soap them up, demanding more and more attention from her. Angela started protesting at one stage but Debbie gave her a stern glare and Angela kept her mouth shut and did as she was told.

Finally the girls were done with their shower. They dried off with their towels and left the bathroom, leaving Angela naked and alone with Debbie who stepped out of the shower, dried off and wrapped herself in a towel. A foot taller than the older girl, Debbie towered over Angela and looked down at her mockingly. Angela looked down at the floor in embarrassment and pouted as she remembered how she had slid her tongue up the younger girl's ass. 
Debbie laughed at Angela's dour and haughty expression. She had always been a bit of a bully and enjoyed having a bit of fun at someone else's expense. However, she rarely got that sort of opportunity often and Angela was the perfect target. The birthday girl was the type of girl who was reluctant to play along, whiney and a typical snob, so it gave Debbie a strange twinge of sadistic pleasure whenever she humiliated and disgraced her opponent.

Debbie placed the toilet seat down and sat on it before beckoning Angela out of the shower. "Do you want to get off you little slut?" asked Debbie with a mocking smile. Angela felt the heat between her legs and nodded despite herself as she stepped out of the shower.

"Ok, I'm going to make you cum, but first I want to see a bit more of that body of yours. Come here birthday skank," beckoned Debbie and Angela walked over to stand in front of the younger girl. Debbie tapped the insides of Angela's thighs and the blushing birthday girl spread her legs, exposing her pussy to the other girl. Debbie had a close look at the bald pussy in front of her before spreading open the delicate folds to view the pale pink within. 
Debbie toyed with Angela's clitoris for a bit and Angela couldn't help moaning in her aroused state. She almost came then and there but she fought herself and held back. Debbie grinned at the look of frustration and consternation on the older girl's face.

"Turn around!" ordered Debbie as she extracted her hands from the birthday girl's pussy. Angela bit her lip and glared at her tormenter but complied unwillingly. Debbie was treated to the sight of the two massive globes of Angela's ass and grinned as she reached up to squeeze the soft buttocks. After entertaining herself by making her opponent's butt cheeks jiggle enticingly, Debbie proceeded to squeeze and pinch the delectable backside before her. 
Eliciting a few squeals and complaints from Angela pleased her no end and soon Debbie was prying the butt cheeks open with her thumbs, eager to see more. Debbie gasped at the sight of the tight crinkled rosette and Angela's face and ears turned to an exceptionally bright shade of red.

"Listen I've changed my mind and I think you've seen enough," said Angela as she tried to push Debbie's hands away from her ass. Debbie just giggled in response and slapped away Angela's hands and pulled the butt cheeks apart even further. She placed her finger lightly on Angela's hidden opening and the birthday girl jumped and chirped in surprise. Debbie laughed at the outraged look on Angela's face and held her firmly as she started struggling again. A sharp smack landed right at on Angela's ass crack causing the birthday girl to yelp and buck wildly. Mortified at how exposed her most private area was and feeling her asshole stinging from the blow, Angela wiggled out of Debbie's grasp and whirled around in anger.

"Stop touching me!" shrieked Angela. Her face was bright red now, both from rage and embarrassment. Debbie stood up suddenly and towered over her, causing Angela to take a step back in surprise. The younger girl strode out of the bathroom as Angela watched her, feeling mystified. As soon as 
Debbie left Angela felt a sense of victory. She felt elated and relieved that she had finally got one of them to stop but she did feel a strange twinge of disappointment which she refused to acknowledge. Looking around her, she found a towel and wrapped it around herself. Now all she needed to do was find her clothes and leave. 

She paused to look at herself in the bathroom mirror before she strode out. Her hair was still wet from the shower and her makeup was completely ruined, but it was that strange look of longing on her face that made her pause. Seeing some discarded lipstick, eyeliner and mascara on the sink, she surprised herself by washing her face clean, wiping it dry and picking up the makeup. She carefully applied the makeup as thickly as she could. Once she was done, she posed a bit in front of the mirror, admiring the slutty look that she now had painted on her face. Her nipples were harder than they had ever been before and her pussy tingled enticingly.

"What am I thinking?" muttered Angela to herself and tore her eyes away from the mirror. Here she was at the brink of walking away from this and she was wasting her time doing up her makeup in some vague hope that it would attract the girls who were no doubt planning more abuse for her. Pursing her lips tightly, she felt angry with herself. Clutching the towel tightly she opened the bathroom door and slipped out. The room was dark and Angela tiptoed cautiously towards the door that led to the hallway. 

Suddenly the door opened and Debbie walked in. Flipping on the light switch, she bathed Angela in the light. She was fully dressed now in jeans and a sweater as she surveyed the surprised look on Angela's face and her newly applied makeup with a hint of amusement.

Angela glared at the girl coldly. "I want my clothes back, I'm leaving now".

"No, you're not going anywhere right now Angie Pangie, and you're most certainly not getting your clothes back," said Debbie with a smirk. Debbie stepped forward into the room and Angela noticed that there was a hairbrush in her hand. Debbie reached Angela and with a firm look on her face she quickly grabbed and twisted Angela's right ear.

Angela howled with surprise and pain as Debbie marched her towards the bed. With a whisk, the towel was off and the birthday girl was back in her birthday suit. Debbie sat on the edge of the bed and pulled Angela firmly over her knee. Angela screamed, yelled and protested but there was a hint of inevitability about the situation she found herself in. With a loud thwack the hairbrush landed on Angela's bare posterior.

Angela was shocked, not just by the swift forcefulness Debbie displayed in taking her over her knee but by the painfulness of the hairbrush. Angela hissed and yelped with every blow to her tender, quivering buns. Her round, swelling buttocks burned as if she were sitting in a bowl of hot water. Her face burned as well with anger and the humiliation of her situation. Here she was, a grown woman, taking a sound beating at the hand of a girl so much younger than herself. The humiliation was overwhelming and yet it was this very factor she seemed to hunger for more than anything. It was like a tonic laced with ecstasy, frightfully bitter to the taste but deliciously enticing as well.

Her protests turned to crude insults which resulted in harder whacks and slowly the insults became pleas. Finally the tears came and trickled down her blushing cheeks. They did nothing to wash away the shame and the tingling feeling she was getting between her legs. Angela wasn&#8217;t prepared for the feelings she was having. Being spanked so soundly was painful of course, but it was the embarrassment of the situation that seemed impossible to withstand. Soon she started bawling like a baby at the hands of the youngster, kicking her legs up with no more thoughts of modesty.

Finally Debbie was done. Angela stood up gingerly and placed her hands gently on her burning buns. She threw Debbie a look of pure loathing as she sniffled and tried to look behind her to survey the damage. Debbie snickered at the look Angela threw at her. She really enjoyed letting out her sadistic side.

"Now, unless you want another spanking you'll come here and show me that asshole of yours," said Debbie with a smirk. Angela wiped her tears away and glared at Debbie coldly but walked over to her. She turned around and bent over so that her ass was right in front of Debbie. The younger girl reached forward and placed her hands on the hot buns, causing Angela to flinch. She spread open Angela's ass cheeks and looked at the exposed anus that lay within. She spat on Angela's ass crack and used that to moisten the forbidden opening. She placed her finger on the crinkled rosebud and pushed hard with her finger. Angela yelped and whined a bit as the finger penetrated her but she didn't want another spanking. The finger almost caused her to clench her butt cheeks in defense but with a supreme effort she held back from doing that. She felt mortified as Debbie started finger fucking her asshole which was now tightly gripping the offending digit.

Debbie's finger explored Angela's anus thoroughly before finally letting up. Debbie went off to wash her hands while Angela stood around feeling sorry for herself. She felt so degraded and yet so naughty about what had happened. The birthday girl squeezed her pussy lightly with her fingers and moaned. 
Debbie walked in and caught her in the act. "Hands off slut, we've got to join the others now," said the younger girl with a giggle before marching Angela out of the room.

"What kept you guys so long," chirped Connie as soon as Debbie and Angela walked in. All the girls were fully dressed in jeans and sweaters and Angela felt strange being the only one completely in the buff.

Jo caught sight of Angela's bottom and giggled immediately. "Looks like Angie Pangie has been a bad girl!" she said, with a cheeky wink. That set everyone else off and all of them burst into fits of giggles. Angela pouted and ignored them bad-temperedly.

"The horny little skank has done her makeup again," said Connie as the girls started to enjoy themselves. "Look at how hard those nipples are. I bet she's dripping wet as well down there". Angela glared at Connie while the others giggled but she didn't talk back as she knew it was true.

"Back to business, girls. Stand in the center of the room Angie," ordered Tamara and Angela reluctantly complied. The girls all picked up a bottle of something and strode towards her. When they got to her, Angela was surprised to see that they all had bottles of baby oil in their hands. They squirted some of it onto their hands and started applying it on her.

"Lets oil up your sugar plums, sugar plum," said Connie who was doing her breasts.

With all the hands on her naked body, it took a supreme effort for Angela to keep from moaning out loud. Her breasts were being squeezed and fondled and her nipples were getting a good rub. Hands were working the oil into the folds of her pussy and she felt a few hands rubbing the oil into her bottom. 
With her thighs and tummy getting a good amount of oil and fingers occasionally slipping into her asshole and ears, Angela was almost purring while blushing red from embarrassment.

Finally they were done and Angela was shining like a beacon in the light of the living room. The girls had covered every inch of her body with baby oil except her raven hair. They had left no hole unexplored and one of the girls had even stuck her fingers inside Angela's mouth, leaving her with the taste of baby oil on her tongue. 

Wiping their hands dry, the girls picked up torches and started making their way to Tamara's backyard again. Jo picked up what looked like a large rucksack and Angela looked at it curiously. Debbie noticed her and poked Angela in the ass. "Move that big butt of yours, skank".

The moon was out in full force and Angela was shining brightly in its light. She shivered and felt strange as she walked around fully naked in Tamara's backyard while the girls were all fully clothed and prepared for the cold night air. They walked towards a small gate at the back which Angela hadn't noticed earlier. Angela hesitated nervously. She didn't want to be seen naked by anyone else that night. However, she needn't have worried as the gate appeared to lead to a small path which was long and winding but no where near the main road.

"This path leads to a field of land owned by my dad," explained Tamara once she had caught sight of Angela's confused look. Jo had dropped her rucksack and was taking out what looked like guns from it. Realization dawned on Angela and her eyes widened in surprise. They were paintball guns.

"The one who managed to shoot you the most is first in line to have a lot of fun with you, so get moving Angie," said Connie and gave Angela's large ass a swat. 

Angela looked at the girls as though they were crazy and started running up the path. The use of the baby oil became clear to her as she ran. Her naked body was glistening brightly in the moonlight, making her an easy target. She was never a very athletic girl and running barefoot wasn't easy as the pebbles were hard against the soft soles of her feet. Still, she moved as quick as she could, knowing that they were going to come after her and shoot her. Despite the cool night air on her bare skin, Angela felt warm as she ran. She didn't want to get shot and her nervousness was pumping adrenaline into her system.

She finally got to the field and it was vast. Ferns swayed gently in the breeze and a few trees were scattered haphazardly around. If it was just a normal day, Angela would have thought the place was beautiful. However, this wasn't a normal day, this was her birthday and there were a bunch of crazy girls hunting her. In the darkness and due to the situation she found herself in, Angela hated the place.

She ran forward, trying to put as much distance between herself and the young huntresses chasing her. After running for a few minutes, Angela crouched behind a tree. She nervously looked around her. The bright moonlight helped her see quite well but with their dark clothing she knew that they were much less visible than she was.

Suddenly she was hit on the ass by a bullet. She shrieked in shock and felt the sharp pain on her left butt cheek. The pellets were not as hard as the actual ones but they still stung. She raced out of her cover as more shots were fired and she heard giggles in the distance. Two more pellets hit her before she managed to weave in and out of trees and put more distance between herself and her pursuers. She hid behind a tree, breathing heavily but she couldn't stay there for long as another pellet hit her squarely on her right breast. She yelled profanities and massaged her boob as she ran. The girls had spread out now and it was getting increasingly difficult for Angela to get away from them. 

Soon she was starting to get tired and she was getting shot a lot more. Debbie seemed to enjoy this game quite a bit and chased after Angela relentlessly, often sneaking up behind Angela and shooting her from close range. Once she even got close enough to shoot the birthday girl right between her large butt cheeks.

It was becoming harder for Angela now. She wasn't used to this sort of physical exertion and was starting to get a stitch on her side. Finally after getting shot a few more times, Angela gave up and the girls caught hold of her and dragged her out in the open. Naked and humiliated, she sighed deeply as she was exposed to their prying eyes once again.

She was still shining brightly due to the baby oil but now her body also had paint spots all over. The girls maneuvered her around as they counted all their shots. Tamara had shot her thrice, Connie had seven strikes and Jo had fourteen but there was only going to be one winner.

"And that's twenty two!" exclaimed Debbie as she spread open Angela's butt cheeks to show the others her last shot. Angela looked over her shoulder and rolled her eyes but couldn't help blushing as her most private area was exposed to the girls.

"Aw Debbie, this isn't fair at all. You play paintball every weekend unlike the rest of us," complained Connie but she said it with a grin. They had enjoyed the game even if they didn't win. The girls had a theory about Angela. Ever since her last birthday party, they had suspicions that she had actually enjoyed the humiliation that she was put through, and even now her nipples were rock hard which had nothing to do with the cold. Connie thought she spied a bit of moisture between the older girl's legs and she knew that the others noticed this as well. It was time to fuck the birthday girl.

Debbie grabbed Angela's arm and frog marched her back to the house while the other girls followed and giggled as they discussed the game, recounting stories of how they had played.

When they got back to Tamara's backyard, the other girls walked into the house while Debbie led Angela to the side of the house and told her to stand still. Angela shrieked in shock and surprise when the jet of cold water hit her. Debbie had picked up a nearby hose and was hosing her down. The baby oil somehow had prevented the paint from sticking onto her too much and after she rubbed herself, it washed off her well enough. Tamara brought out a towel and Debbie dried Angela off roughly before marching the naked birthday girl back into the house and into the bedroom upstairs where she had been dressed in the party frock.

Angela was tossed onto the bed where she looked up at Debbie with embarrassment and anticipation at what she had known was coming for quite a while now. The younger girl smirked at the look on Angela's face and started to strip. Angela tried to look away but she couldn't help sneaking glances at the big made girl. Debbie was fairly meaty although a good part of her body was muscle. Her big boobs fit the rest of her body perfectly and her dark curly hair cascaded down her shoulders once she tugged off her hair band. 

She moved away from Angela's line of sight and the birthday girl forced herself to look down at the satin bedcovers. Angela ran her hands over the smooth material and sighed in frustration. Debbie was back but she now wore a huge strap-on dildo. Angela stared at the bright pink apparatus mesmerized. It was around nine inches long and had a reasonable girth. It looked as solid and unyielding as the firm glint in Debbie's eye and the wide grin on her lips.

Angela yelped and moved as quickly as she could on all fours to get away from the younger girl. Debbie just laughed as she saw tantalizing little peeks of the birthday girl's asshole between her smooth large buttocks. Angela jumped off the bed but she had to get past Debbie in order to get to the door.

"Let me out this instant," commanded Angela sternly.

"No," replied Debbie simply and strolled around the bed. Angela reacted by leaping back on the bed, racing across it and leaping off on the other side. 
Now the door was much closer to her than it was to Debbie. She reached the door and turned the knob, swinging the door wide open. Before she could run out, Debbie spoke.

"Really, Angie? Is this really what you want to do? Run out of this house stark naked and leave while your pussy tells you to stay?"

Angela paused and sighed deeply. Debbie strolled over to the older girl and gripped her waist firmly.

"You were born to be fucked and humiliated Angie, now it is time to fulfill your destiny," said Debbie. She pushed the door closed with her hip as she firmly guided Angela back to the bed.

Angela didn't know what to think. Her mind was conflicted. A part of her wanted to race away from the house and hope to never see these girls again, but another more hidden side of her knew that Debbie was right.

She was lifted up and tossed onto the bed face down and she felt the hands grip her waist again and pull her ass upwards. She bent her knees and arched her back naturally so that her butt was raised. Angela bit her fingernail nervously as Debbie spread her ample butt cheeks and spat on her crack. She whined and jumped a little when Debbie rubbed the spit on her tight asshole. Soon she felt the tip of the dildo pressing incessantly against her anus. The big dildo wasn't going in easily but Debbie pushed it in persistently. Angela started protesting and yelling at Debbie to stop but it was too late now and she knew it. A hand on her clit made her moan and involuntarily relax her ass and the intruder took advantage of her momentary lapse. Angela shrieked like a banshee and promptly burst into tears as the huge fake cock pushed deep into her ass. Debbie whooped in victory and started thrusting in and out of the birthday girl. Angela tried to wiggle away but she was held firmly and fucked. Angela blubbered out protests, insults and even threatened legal action but Debbie was relentless. After fifteen minutes, Debbie finally slowed down and pulled out. She flipped Angela over so that she was on her back and got on top of her, aiming the big strap-on dildo at the birthday girl's mouth. Angela shook her head frantically but Debbie wasn't having any of that. She twisted Angela's nipples and pulled hard on her ears until Angela finally opened her mouth wide enough to slide the dildo inside. Angela gagged and coughed at the taste but Debbie pushed the fake cock past her lips and started shoving it down her throat. Angela spluttered and dribbled in discomfort as Debbie fucked her face meticulously.

Debbie was thrilled at how this night had gone. She had fucked Angela at her birthday party last year and it was an experience she had enjoyed more than she had let on. She could also tell that Angela enjoyed it at a subconscious level. Ever since then she had planned to do it again. Getting the other girls interested in the idea was the easy part. The harder part was convincing Angela's friends to ditch her that night. It did help a bit that they didn't like Angela much so finally they agreed. She knew that Angela had a thing for Tamara and the rest was down to good planning and a bit of luck. Debbie had enjoyed tormenting and humiliating the birthday girl through the night and now Angela was naked, wide eyed and squirming under the strap-on. She twisted Angela's nipples again and enjoyed the reaction she got out of the birthday girl. 

Finally she pulled out of Angela's mouth and removed the strap-on. She grabbed Angela's head with both hands and pulled her up. Debbie laid back and held Angela firmly between her legs. Angela started licking frantically hoping that she could get the younger girl to cum quickly and end the night. Debbie somehow didn't seem to mind this and soon she was cumming, drenching Angela's face in the process. She cleaned up Angela just a bit before walking out of the room. Jo walked into the room a minute later and Angela groaned. She had hoped it was only Debbie who she had to satisfy and was dismayed to learn that the girls were taking it in turns.

Jo was energetic and had a real zest for sex. Angela struggled to keep up with the demands of the younger girl who made her work hard. She fucked Angela with a strap on of her own. While it was a smaller dildo, she put it to good use and explored all of Angela's holes with it. She was adamant that Angela pushed back against her thrusts and the birthday girl was soon exhausted.

Connie was next and her approach was different. She made Angela service her and when she wore her strap on, she made Angela get on top of her and bounce while she enjoyed the view and made humiliating comments about Angela's body.

Tamara was the last in line and she was a bit gentler but also a bit more indifferent. Angela couldn't resist trying to please this girl and Tamara let her cum as a reward. Angela had one of the best orgasms that she had ever had and she passed out before the clock struck twelve while it was still her birthday.


************************************************************************


The bright afternoon light made Angela scrunch up her eyes and blink lazily. She still felt tired but stretched luxuriously in bed before opening her eyes a bit more. The ceiling above her was strange and it was the first indication that she was not in her bed at home. Her eyes snapped open and she was fully awake as the memories of the previous night washed over her. She looked around hoping that it was all a dream but she knew it was real. She was in the same room that she was in last night, only the bright light made it appear warm and welcoming. Angela, however, felt far from warm and welcomed as panic hit her. She leapt out of bed quickly and looked down at herself in shock. She was still naked but her nipples and sex were puffy and swollen. Also there were lipstick marks all over her body. She placed her hands quickly over her mouth just incase she started screaming. Her asshole felt really sore as well. She grabbed the bed sheet and wrapped it around herself. She remembered that her dress had holes cut into them but her bra and panties were probably somewhere about. If she didn't find them she would just have to borrow some of Tamara's clothes. Her birthday party had been a fiasco and was probably worse than her last one.

She was annoyed but still nervous due to her lack of proper clothing. Angela walked out of the bedroom, cautiously looking around. There didn't seem to be anyone about. She walked down the stairs but as she neared the bottom, she forgot about the length of her sheet and accidently stepped on the bottom of the cloth. She was holding the sheet tightly to herself and she lost her balance. With a yell, she crashed to the floor naked with the sheet flopping to her side. A chorus of giggles greeted her entrance to the living room and Angela looked up to see all four of her young tormenters sitting around fully dressed and sipping on coffees. She struggled to her feet, grabbed the sheet and wrapped herself with it once more. She blushed in embarrassment and her face glowed with a bright shade of red now as she wished these stupid girls would stop laughing.

"Where are my clothes?" demanded Angela coldly.

"You actually want that horrible yellow dress with our little modifications? Perhaps you would like to show the whole world those naked charms of yours," snickered Connie. "No Angie Pangie, you aren't getting your clothes back".

Angela pursed her lips together in annoyance. "Ok, I'll borrow something from one of you then. I need to be getting home now," said Angela.

"No, you aren't going anywhere today. We've talked about it and we have decided that one of us will keep you permanently," said Tamara coyly before taking a sip of her coffee.

"Keep me?" asked Angela incredulously although she felt the butterflies in her stomach start fluttering again and the sudden increase in speed of her heart beats.

"You think this was just about throwing you a birthday party and giving you a free night of fun? No way Angie, we want something from you this time," said Jo and they all looked at Angela eagerly.

Angela didn't know if they were serious or joking. Were they simply telling her this to scare her or did they actually mean what they were saying and think they were going to get away with it.

"There is no way that I would let you do this," said Angela and almost laughed at the absurdity of their suggestion.

"Think about it Angie, you could have walked out of the party any time you wanted last night. In fact you even had a few opportunities to do exactly that," said Tamara in a matter-of-fact way. "But you never really left and you let us do whatever we wanted with you. Deep down, you really want to be humiliated and abused by other girls".

Angela stared at Tamara, scarcely believing her ears. However, she thought back to the events of her birthday and she knew it was true. Being the center of attention and used by the other girls had turned her on more than she had ever been before. She remembered her mind blowing orgasm at the end of the night and really had no answer to Tamara's claim.

"Besides, we have loads of humiliating pictures of you which we will send to all your friends and work colleagues if you don't do what we say," added Connie.

Angela felt she was cornered from all sides. She knew the nature of the pictures that were taken and how damning they were. She also knew that the humiliation she received at the hands of these girls gave her a strange kick and made her feel like she had never felt before.

They were watching her like hawks now. Predators watching their prey consider its limited options. A sense of defeat and inner peace filled her and Angela sighed deeply. Their grins grew wider and looks of jubilation lit up their features as Angela nodded to indicate her surrender.

Wanting to relish their victory and rub it in, Jo chimed up, "Say that we own you".

"You own me," said Angela and stared at the ground.

"One of us will be keeping you forever of course. Would you like to guess who?" asked Tamara craftily.

Angela's face brightened only slightly in hope as she replied, "Tamara," but she knew what the answer was going to be.

"Oh, of course not silly. You're good for a bit of fun but you aren't really my type," said Tamara with a chuckle.

Debbie stepped up to Angela. "You're mine, skank," she said, before whipping off Angela's sheet and leaving her naked, as catcalls and cheers erupted around her.


************************************************************************


It was a year later and the girls gathered around Debbie's spacious apartment which she shared with her slave. On the walls were various photos of Debbie and Angela, often accompanied by one or two of the other girls in the room. In all of them, Angela was either naked or dressed in strange, embarrassing outfits which were very revealing. The apartment was tastefully furnished and Debbie had not held back when depleting Angela's bank account.

In addition to Debbie, Tamara, Connie and Jo, some of Angela's old friends were also around for the party. Despite promising Angela that they wouldn't send the pictures to her friends, the girls went ahead and did it for the fun of it. They were surprised to find that a fair number of Angela's friends approved of what they were doing and were more than happy to join them in teasing and humiliating their former friend. A few of them were even not above "borrowing" her on weekends for sexual favors.

Angela was crouching inside what looked like a cardboard box from her side. It was that time of the year again when everyone got together to have a bit of fun at her expense. Sitting on her haunches, she had trouble balancing as she was still getting used to the new fake breasts on her chest that upset her center of gravity. Along with her naturally large ass, they looked a bit unusual on her slight frame. When she heard that Mistress Debbie wanted to give them to her as a birthday gift she had thrown a massive tantrum, but as usual, her protests and complaints only served to amuse her owner and she was wheeled into the operation theater a few days later. In the end, she couldn&#8217;t even call it a gift because she had ended up paying for the procedure herself.

Conversation ceased as Debbie wheeled in an unusually large, fake cake and everyone started giggling and complimenting Debbie on the idea. The girls got their cameras ready and a countdown from ten was started. When they got down to one, the cake popped open and Angela jumped out, butt naked except for a goofy party hat, a pair of pink tassels on her nipples and a wide fake smile on her face.

"Happy Birthday Angie!!" yelled everyone, and the party started again.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:      Daze_Earth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





