BDSM Library - For the First Time




For the First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Becky meets a Dom online, and they decide to set up a date for a night of IRL play. Little does Becky know he has more than one night in mind...






Becky had always fantasized about being kidnapped. When she watched movies in which pirates captured an innocent maiden to have their way with her, she always imagined herself as the maiden. The idea of bondage excited her. She dreamed of being abducted by ruffians and sold as a sex slave to some mysterious stranger. It all seemed so terribly romantic. 

When she met Daniel online, it seemed she had finally met someone who understood her. They both loved the idea of bondage - she wanted to be tied up, and he wanted to tie her up and have his way with her. It soon became clear they had the same tastes. For weeks they emailed each other, sharing their deepest darkest fantasies until finally Daniel suggested they play a game. 

It seemed the only logical thing to do really. Why shouldn't they explore some of their fantasies in a safe, sane, and consensual way? She finally had someone she trusted who understood what she really needed. She could tie herself up, and he could come to her in the middle of the night and have his way with her. It would just be a bit of fun really. Then in the morning he would release her, and they could go back to their lives. No one would ever know her secret. It was like scratching an itch.

They set a date, and Becky began making preparations. She was able to find a discreet online shop from which she bought rope, a vibrator, a ballgag, and handcuffs. He promised that this time he would be gentle. After all, it was her first actual bondage experience. If it went well, they could have other nights in which he began to really test her limits.

Finally the long anticipated day dawned. Becky spent the entire afternoon preparing. She shaved her pussy, leaving just a neat, clean triangle of hair just as Daniel requested. Completely hairless cunts turned him off, apparently - it was like fucking a child. After bathing and shaving, Becky slipped outside and hid a key under the mat. Admittedly, it was not a terribly original place, but it was just for tonight. 

It was time. He had told her to be ready for him by sunset, so she needed to prepare herself. They agreed it would be more erotic if he found her there, already bound, so that the game could begin as soon as he arrived. He asked her to tie herself up in her basement, to a support beam.&nbsp; Naked but for a scarf around her neck, she started by putting in the ball gag.&nbsp; Until this point, she had resisted trying it, hoping for the extra arousal of a new sensation when the time actually came to start their game.&nbsp; It felt strange in her mouth, stretching her more than she expected. Then she set the vibrator on the nearest shelf, and clasped the handcuff around her right wrist, letting the other one dangle for now. The key she put on a cord around her neck. So far it had been easy. Then she picked up the rope.

Suddenly she found herself having doubts. She did not really know Daniel at all. What if he turned out not to be the man she thought he was? What if he wanted to do things to her they hadn't agreed on? She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. This was Daniel. She knew him. They had been talking for weeks. He had shared his fantasies with her and listened to hers. Tonight would be the best night of her life if she didn't let her stupid head get in the way.

Becky leaned back against the pole in the middle of her basement. The concrete was cold against he bare back. She wound the rope around her and around the pole until she had what felt like a rope corset. Then she tied the rope off in a bow, making her look like a present for him. Then she quickly blindfolded herself with the scarf. Now there was only one thing left to do. Quickly, before she could change her mind, she handcuffed her wrists behind her back. Now she was well and truly stuck.

Daniel arrived at the house around one in the morning. If she had followed instructions, then she would have been trapped in whatever binding she had chosen for the past five hours. He knew she was probably wondering if he was going to come or not. The possibility probably had not occurred to her until she was trapped. He felt himself becoming aroused at the though of her in her self bondage, wondering how she would ever escape if he never came for her. 

The key was under the mat, as promised. He let himself in as quietly as possible and made his way easily down to the basement. There she was, bound to a pole. He admired her work - simple but effective. The bow was a particularly adorable touch. He could tell she knew he was there, her head was jerking all around, and she was grunting behind the gag. With no preamble, he stood in front of her and grabbed her by both breasts. She moaned behind the gag.

Becky felt the weight of Daniel's hands on her breasts - at least, she hoped it was Daniel. He began to tease and pinch her nipples, making her wet with desire. Then his hand moved downward, and he gently began playing with her clit. She tried to thrust herself against his hand, but he moved it quickly. She heard the sound of a zipper, but that was the only warning she had before his cock suddenly filled her cunt. He was big - she had never felt so full. He picked up her legs and wrapped them around his waist as he fucked her in long slow strokes. As he fucked her pussy, he reached between them to play with her clit. The additional stimulation pushed her right over the edge and she climaxed. Her pussy milked his cock as he came too, deep inside of her.

"You were wonderful, darling," Daniel said as he removed her blindfold. He could not get over how beautiful she looked, his little captive. "So beautiful, in fact, that I don't think I'm ever going to let you go." He saw the worry in her eyes. One night was all she had promised to give him. She still did not understand - Daniel wasn't given anything. What he wanted, he took. He pulled away from her and let her legs fall back to the ground. From his bag, he pulled out a small case, and from that case, he pulled out a syringe. Daniel was delighted to see how wide her eyes got with fear. She began shaking her head vehemently and groaning noises were coming from behind the&nbsp; ballgag.

"Oh honestly, pet, you didn't think I was just going to enjoy my captive and then let her go, did you?" He laughed. "You can drop the act - we both know that this is what you really want, deep down." She kept shaking her head as tears began to slide down her face. He relished her fear - it was why he had taken off the blindfold in the first place. He wanted to see the look in her eyes when she realized her little experiment with bondage was the end of her life as she knew it. 

Then he injected the drugs into her arm. She would be out for at least twelve hours. Quickly he untied her from the pole and released her handcuffs, lying her gently on the ground. Quickly he used the rope to hogtie her. Then, just for fun, he slipped the vibrator into her still wet cunt. He used the rope to tie it inside her.


Leaving his captive on the floor, Daniel went out to his car. He carefully pulled it into the garage, leaving the headlights off so as not to wake the neighbors. Then he returned to his prize and dropped her unconscious form into his trunk. Before he left, Daniel quickly went through the house. He collected some of her sexier lingerie and her laptop. Carefully, he made sure there was no evidence he had ever been there. When he was satisfied the house was clear of any traces of his presence, he returned to the car. He had a long drive ahead of him. Where they were going, no one would ever find them. His new little toy was in for some interesting surprises.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Bondage Becky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





