BDSM Library - Taking Becky




Taking Becky
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short capture story






Please note: This short story was written for people over 18, about people over 18. It is a simple fantasy. The author does not in any way condone kidnapping or rape in real life. If you can't tell the difference between fantasy and reality, go read someone else's story.

Jason was a planner. He had never believed in rash actions or spur of the moment decisions, and he certainly did not intend to start now, as he planned the abduction of Becky Smith.

She had caught his eye a year ago when he saw her in the park. He had decided to go for a walk during his lunch break since it was such a lovely summer day - a rare thing in London. As Jason wandered past the Serpentine, he saw her. She was young, lively, and beautiful. A long, modest skirt kept her legs hidden from his view, but her top was cut just low enough that as she bent over to feed the ducks&nbsp; he could see she had a full, natural chest. She smiled easily, but she had no one with whom to share her smiles. Like him she was all alone that sunny day, taking a leisurely stroll through the park. Immediately he knew he had to have her.

Jason had never felt this need before. Sure, he knew he was not exactly vanilla when it came to sex, but the idea of actually taking a woman captive had never really struck him until today. Until &lt;i&gt;her&lt;/i&gt;. He wanted her. He wanted to tear off that skirt to see the legs hiding beneath it. He wanted to reach under her shirt and feel those large breasts. It might take him months, but he was going to take her. He was going to bend her to his will, maker her his willing slave. She would be begging for his cock in her cunt before he was through.

Carefully he followed her as she made her way out of the park. For a moment he was worried he would lose her in the crowd, but Jason was a tall man and managed to keep an eye on her simple ponytail of golden hair. How he wanted to take hold of that pony tail and fuck her face as he carefully controlled her every move! He shook the thoughts out of his head and forced himself to concentrate on keeping an eye on her. As it turned out, she was not going far. She stopped at a small door tucked in between two shops on a busy London street. It was a very non-descript little entrance - his eye would have skipped right past it had she not stopped. He kept walking because he did not want to spook her. Now that he knew where she worked, he began to develop a plan.

Soon he knew everything there was to know about Becky Smith. She was twenty-five years old, American, and living alone in a tiny flat outside of London. The little office belonged to a small startup company where she was a researcher. Her family was back in the States, so there was no one looking after her. She was clearly quite shy, and she had very few friends. He also quickly realized that she had no idea how beautiful she really was. Covering her body with long skirts or jeans and generally modest blouses or t-shirts, Becky was clearly very self-conscious about her curvy figure. This situation suited Jason perfectly. As she was awkward and shy, it would be a while before anyone even realized she was gone.

Jason began making plans to move out of London. There was no way he could keep a full-time slave&nbsp; here in the city. As a software developer, Jason could really work from anywhere, as long as he had an internet connection. In time he managed to find a secluded cottage in the middle of the English countryside, perfect for his plans. After purchasing the property, Jason began making the trip out to the cottage every weekend, preparing it for his slave's arrival.

Once the cottage was ready, Jason began preparing for the abduction in earnest. He soon realized that Becky did not go out much, ruling out easy abduction strategies like simply slipping her a roofie. She was too shy to go to the pub with her coworkers, and she certainly wasn't interested in clubbing. In fact, she seemed to like to stay at home most evenings. The only exception was a monthly trip&nbsp; she liked to take to Wales. Every month she would take the train to Cardiff, and then she would get on another train to a small town on the coast. He still had not figured out why she liked to go there. She simply walked around enjoying the view before selecting a spot to sit and read a book for a few hours before taking the train back to London. Still, he knew this was his window. Away from the crowds, she would be easier to take.

Finally, in May, nearly a year after he had first noticed her, Jason made his move. To get back to the train station, Becky had to walk through a car park. Generally by the time she was making her way back, the car park was nearly deserted. Jason parked in the middle of it, knowing she would take the shortest possible route to her train. When the time neared for her to be returning to the station, he slipped out of the car. In the evening shadows, he was able to stay relatively hidden as she approached. He had a syringe with a small dose of tranquilizer ready. He was about&nbsp; to pounce when he heard voices. Quickly he withdrew into the shadows, allowing his quarry to escape. He cursed his poor luck. The car park was usually dead silent this time of night, but now that his plan was coming to fruition, a group of chavs decided tonight would be a good night to hang out there. No matter. Jason was a patient man. His time would come.

Two long months later, it finally happened. Becky was walking alone through the car park, and there was no one there to see him grab her from behind and inject the tranquilizer. Quickly and efficiently he tossed her in the trunk. Then he drove into the middle of nowhere. He knew he probably had about an hour before she woke up.

Once they were far enough into the lonely countryside that he was certain they would not be interrupted, he stopped the car. He opened the trunk, and sure enough the girl was still unconscious. As she slept he took the opportunity to cut off her clothing. She was soon lying there naked. He admired her curvaceous figure at length, taking time to stroke and caress her. He took her large and beautiful breasts in his hands and felt their weight. He was pleased to see she also had a triangle of neatly groomed pussy hair. It was a bit darker than the hair on her head, but he had been stalking her long enough that he knew her golden hair was a natural gift from the sun. Using the strips of her ruined clothing, he hogtied her.&nbsp; To complete the picture, he slipped a ballgag in her mouth and buckled it behind her head. Jason stood back and admired his work. She was his now - he was hard at the thought.

After another quarter hour of driving, Jason began to hear noises from the trunk. He could just imagine her back there as she slowly awoke, sore all over and with a splitting headache. At first she would not even be&nbsp; sure she had actually managed to open her eyes because it was so dark. Then, swiftly she would come to the realization that she could not move her arms or legs. He could tell she tried to scream, but the ballgag cut out almost all sound, turning her cries for help into muffled groans. Becky was well and truly trapped, Jason thought with a rather self satisfied smile. He felt his cock growing hard again as he heard her panicked moaning. By now she must have realized there would be no escape.

Two more hours passed. His captive's moaning subsided into woeful sobbing sounds by the time they arrived at their new home. He parked the car in front of the house. Part of him wanted to rush out of the car, open the trunk, and admire his captive, but he made himself wait, relishing the thought of her lying there confused and helpless, not knowing where she was or what was going to happen to her. He went into the house and retrieved some handcuffs and rope.&nbsp; Jason did fairly well for himself, but after having just bought a house, he had very little spare cash. All bondage equipment he had was either very basic stuff you could buy relatively cheaply at any sex shop, regular items he found at hardware stores, or equipment he made himself. He laid the rope and handcuffs out on a table by the door, and then he went to go fetch his lovely captive.

Jason had to give her points for persistence. He could still hear muffled cries and the sound of the girl struggling against her bonds. Opening the trunk, he finally got to see her awake, her limbs covered in a fine sheen of sweat. Her eyes were wide with terror as she looked at him, trying to scream something incoherent through her gag. The girl's face was read, but he was not certain if it was from exertion or embarrassment at her nudity. He suspected it was a little of both.

"Hello there," he said happily, watching as she struggled all the more. By now she would be sure that he was not some miraculous rescuer, but her captor. He looked into her eyes, reveling in the loss, confusion, panic, and pain there.
"I suppose you probably have a few questions," he continued, as she was unable to answer him. "First of all, no, there is absolutely no way for you to escape. We're out in the middle of the country. Even if you did manage to break free, you would die of exposure before finding your way back to civilization." That statement was, of course,&nbsp; not actually true. They weren't really that far from the nearest major road. Still, there was no reason for her to know that. "Secondly, you probably want to know who I am. That's simple enough. I am your Master now, and you will refer to me as such. Now as for what I want with you, that's simple too: you're my pet now. If you behave, you will be rewarded, and if you misbehave, you will be punished." She was trembling now. "Oh, and one last thing - I am never, ever going to let you go." That last&nbsp; statement seemed to finally really break her. She began wailing through her gag, tears streaming down her face.

As she sobbed, he picked her up out of the trunk and carried her into the house. He dropped her unceremoniously onto his couch, and then he closed and locked the front door.&nbsp; Jason walked back over to where his new pet lay trembling in her hogtie.

"If you promise to be good, I'll untie you," he said. "Do you promise to be good, pet?" Through her now silent tears, the girl nodded. He took his Swiss Army knife from his pocket and cut through the remnants of her clothing. She rolled over and squirmed away from him, curling up in a corner and trying to massage life back into her newly freed limbs. His pet shivered at the sight of his knife. She moved to unbuckle the ballgag, but he stopped her.

"Don't even think about it."

She dropped her hands meekly. She used them to try to cover herself from his gaze. He pointed to the bathroom.
"Go take a piss, and then return here and kneel at my feet." Gratefully, she disappeared into the bathroom. Jason was not worried about her disobeying - he had already removed the lock on the door, and the window was far too small for her to try to escape through. As an added precaution, he had made sure that aside from soap, the bathroom was empty. He certainly did not want his pet coming after him with a razor! He heard her relieve her self, and he heard the sink run as she washed her hands. He waited, but she did not come out. To be honest, he hadn't really expected her to.

He strode across the room and flung open the bathroom door, only to find his little pet standing on the sink. She had managed to get her arms, head, and shoulders through the little window, but now she was stuck. Her breasts wouldn't fit. Jason did not even try to conceal his laughter.

"Please let me go," she begged. He noticed then that her ball gag was lying in the sink. "I swear I won't tell anyone -just please, let me go!" He yanked her back through the window into&nbsp; his home. As soon as she was back inside, he smacked her across the face. Jason didn't hold back, despite his mirth, so he knew it hurt. He dragged her by her hair back into his sitting room. Quickly he cuffed her wrists behind her back. She struggled, but she was soft and weak. Jason overpowered her easily. Once her hand were secure, he turned her over his knee and spanked her bare ass. From the way she yelled, he doubted anyone had ever spanked her before. He held her so that she was bent over one of his thighs. Her legs were trapped between his, and her face hung close to the floor. She began to beg and plead, but he just kept spanking her. Her ass began to turn the most beautiful shade of red. Soon he found a good rhythm, alternating between swats and caresses. For her part, his pet gave up on the begging. In fact, she was not even struggling anymore. Now she just silently wept, crying out whenever he hit a particularly tender spot.

"Do you know why you're being punished, pet?" he asked. She shook her head. He swatted her hard, and she cried out in pain.

"I expect you to speak when I ask a direct question, pet," he said sternly. "Now, let's try again: do you know why you're being punished?"

"No," she managed to moan. He smacked her again.

"I said you have to address me as what I am, pet," he reprimanded her. "Now, once more: do you know why you're being punished?"

"No, Ma...ster," she finally managed. He caressed her gently. 

"Very good, pet. You're being punished for disobeying instructions and trying to escape. Do you think you deserve to be punished?" She was silent, struggling with how to respond. Jason could tell she knew exactly what he wanted her to say, but she couldn't seem to make herself say it. That was easily remedied with another harsh slap on her ass.

"Yes, Master!" she cried out swiftly. He caressed her again. 

"Are you sorry for trying to run away, pet?" he asked.

"Yes, Master!" came the immediate response.

"Then I suppose this time I will be lenient," he said. She shivered as she began processing that statement. 

"Now get up and bend over the armrest of the couch," he ordered, releasing her legs. She struggled to pull herself back to her feet and scurry over to do his bidding. When she was bent over the armrest, he moved to stand behind her. He held her in place with one hand, while the other slipped between her legs.

"Already wet, pet?" he asked, pleased by the discovery. "I knew you were a little pain slut the moment I saw you." She began to cry as he started to caress her lower lips and clit, teasing her body which in turn betrayed her by growing more and more wet. He moved to slip a finger inside her cunt, hoping to feel some resistance. He was not surprised at all when he encountered her hymen.

"My little virgin, pet," he said happily, his voice soft and gentle. "All mine." She struggled when she heard him unzip his jeans to free his already rock hard cock. 

"No, Master," she begged. "Please no!" He held her steady though as he continued with his exquisite torture, pushing her nearer and nearer to the brink. Then, when she was almost there, he thrust his cock into her cunt. She screamed as he invaded her pussy - in one swift, relentless stroke forcing himself all the way in, to the hilt. She was so fucking tight! Damn she felt good. He began thrusting in and out of her, still playing with her clit. She began moaning as he began pushing her once more back to that precipice. He wanted her to cum her first time with him, knowing the shame she would feel.

"That's it my dirty little slut," he whispered in her ear. "Cum for Master, pet." Finally with a cry, he felt her lose control. Her muscles began to spasm wildly around him, and she again began to scream. As the waves of her orgasm rocked his little pet, Jason came deep within her body. When he pulled out, she just lay there over the arm rest, looking so defeated. Jason smiled - he was going to have so much fun training his pet.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hope you enjoyed the story. It's hard to write in a vacuum though. Whether this story made you feel something or nothing, I'd like to know. You can reach me at bondagebecky@gmail.com.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Bondage Becky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





