BDSM Library - Tara's Slave




Tara's Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A Mistress and sub meet in person to take their relationship to the next level.






Tara's Slave



Chapter 1

Tara:
It was so exciting to finally meet the girl who was to be my slave. We had talked and gotten to know each other online, and even used webcams a few times, but there's just something special about that first in-person meeting.

Let me back up a bit, my name is Tara, I'm 26, wear a C cup, and for the longest time, I've been looking for a slavegirl. Someone who would obey my every order. I don't really want for money since my father died, and I could probably live comfortably for three lifetimes without needing a regular income.

Back to her, she's 19 and eager to move out of her parents' house, so when I was sure she wasn't some invention by an overweight basement-dweller, I sent her a one-way plane ticket, some cab fare, directions to my house from the airport, and instructions telling her to only bring the clothes on her back. Whatever possessions&nbsp; or clothing I wanted her to have, I would buy for her.

Jessica:
As the cab pulled up to the house, I got really excited, I was finally going to meet Tara, the woman who would own me from now on. We had gotten to know each other pretty well over the last year, and I practically jumped out of my skin, I was so excited to see her in person. I paid the driver and practically sprinted to the front door.

I knocked and waited. Just as I was about to knock a second time, the door opened, and staring me straight in the face were a pair of boobs. She was wearing 5 inch black heels, a skirt that barely covered her thighs, and a tight-fitting white button-up shirt. Her light brown hair barely touched her shoulders. She was stunning.&nbsp; And here I was in just a pair of jeans and a T-shirt.

After the surprise of being face-to-face with a pair of breasts wore off, I managed to stammer out "Tara?"
"That's Miss Tara, and you must be Jessica."
"Yes, Miss Tara."
"Come inside and make yourself comfortable, and we'll talk."
I walked inside and sat on a recliner, while she went to the couch.
"Jessica," I could feel my heart going a mile a minute, "I want you to understand how this is going to work; you will obey every order I give you, when I give it, you will wear what I tell you, and you will ask my permission before doing nearly anything except breathing and speaking, and that includes eating, using the bathroom, and masturbating. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Miss Tara."
"Good, now since this is our first in-person meeting, the next few days or so are going to be sort of freebies, you still have to obey me, but I will be very lenient with you, and won't punish you very harshly. Now that that's out of the way, it's almost dinner time are you hungry? We could order a pizza if you want."
"Yes, Miss, I haven't eaten anything since breakfast."
"All right, I'll go order some, don't go anywhere."
I watched her legs as she walked away, God, she was hot.

Tara:
I couldn't wait to play with my new toy, but there will be plenty of time for that later.&nbsp; Jessica was a petite little thing about a head shorter than me, even without heels, I could probably pick her up and snap her in half if I wanted. All she wore were jeans, a blue T-shirt, and a pair of sneakers. Not exactly flattering attire, but I'd fix that in time. She had black hair that went a bit past her shoulders. Her breasts weren't much to look at, but I've always preferred girls with smaller breasts.

After ordering the pizza, I went back into the living room, and she was still in the recliner she hadn't moved a muscle. I sat back on the couch, "We've got about an hour before the pizza arrives. Now, stand up."
She nervously got to her feet.
"Take off your shirt, pants, shoes and socks."
I could see her hands trembling as she untied her shoes and undid her jeans.

She was quite a sight standing there in just a bra and panties, her face red from embarrassment.&nbsp; I could barely keep myself from going to town on her right then, but the anticipation is half the fun. I took my shoes off and walked to her.

Jessica:
"Turn around."
I obeyed. I could feel Miss Tara unhinging my bra.
"Raise your arms up."
As I did, she lifted the bra and tossed it with the rest of my clothes.
She then ran her hands over my shoulders, across my chest, with her breasts pressing into my back, and pinched my nipples. Hard. She pulled them forward until they slipped from between my fingers, causing me to gasp in surprise. Miss Tara repeated this two or three more times. I could feel myself becoming moist.

I moaned in disappointment when she backed off. She slapped my butt and said, "Get down on all fours and crawl in front of the couch, I want to watch some TV, and I need a footstool."
"Yes, Miss, Tara."
Oh, God, she was going to use me as a footstool. I crawled over to the couch and she sat down, put her feet on my back and turned on the TV, "Jessica, do you have any preferences as to what to watch?"
"I like the British shows, Miss Tara."
"Good call, Doctor Who is on."
We both love Doctor Who. She likes the Tenth Doctor, but my favorite is Eleven.
"Which episode is it, Miss Tara?"
"A Good Man Goes to War. I have an idea. Every time The Doctor does something clever, you kiss my stocking covered foot."
She wiggled her toes in front of my face. I grinned "I like that idea, Miss Tara."

Tara:
*Ding-Dong*
"That's the pizza, stay there, Jessica."
I took the pizza from the delivery girl, but not before I was sure she had seen the slavegirl kneeling before my couch. Jessica had no idea, she was facing away from us, and we didn't say a word, just a wink and a knowing smile.

I brought the two boxes inside and told Jessica to get up and follow me.&nbsp; I set them on the kitchen table, grabbed a couple plates, and told her to take as much as she wanted.

After we both had our fill, I decided I wanted to play with my new toy some more. "Jessica, lie on your back on the couch, I want to use your face as a seat."
"Yes, Miss Tara."
She obeyed, quick as a bunny. I stood And removed my skirt, then stepped on the couch and squatted over her face, with just a pair of panties between my ass and her face. "Do you like what you see?"
"I do, Miss Tara."
"Good, because you're going to be seeing a lot of it."

With that, I lowered my ass the rest of the way down onto her face. I could feel her nose between my ass cheeks, her warm breath passing through my panties onto my skin. It was heaven.

I wasn't the only one having a good time, I could see a moist spot forming on her panties. I reached into mine with one hand and started to play with myself to make her jealous. With my other hand I pinched one of her nipples as hard as I could and pulled.
"MMMmmph"
"Hush!" I slapped one of her small tits and watched it dance.
I continued playing with myself, then stood up and took off my panties.
"Why am I doing all the work? You're the slave! Get on the floor." I pulled her off the couch and before she even knew what was happening, I was grinding my pussy on her face. I could feel my orgasm building. I felt her tongue brush my clit, and that sent me over the edge.
"You could use some practice, but don't worry, you'll have plenty of chances."

Jessica:
"Go rinse your face off, the bathroom is down the hall on the right."
"Yes, Miss Tara."
I went into the bathroom, grabbed a rag, and ran the water. Oh, God, was I horny after Miss Tara rode my face to orgasm. I caught myself reaching&nbsp; between my legs when I remembered what she said about me masturbating.

After rinsing off, I crawled back into the living room, where Miss Tara was watching a movie I didn't recognize.
"Miss Tara?"
"What is it, slave?" she emphasized the word 'slave.'
"May I please have an orgasm, Mistress?"
"Mistress? I like it. Call me that from now on. And no, I don't think you've earned the privilege of an orgasm yet."
"Yes, Mistress," I said, defeated.
"Hey, now, don't be like that, come here."
I climbed onto the couch, and sat next to her. She put her arm around me and said "We have a little shopping trip, tomorrow, and if you're a good girl, I think you'll be looking at an orgasm tomorrow." I perked up.
"Thank you, Mistress, I'll do my best."
"I know you will, my pet."












Tara's Slave



Chapter 2
Jessica:
The next thing I remember, it was morning, and I was alone on the couch, covered in a blanket.
"You're finally up! It's nearly eleven o'clock."
I turned, and there was my Mistress, wearing a pair of pajamas, holding my bra.
"Good morning, Mistress."
"And to you too, slave. I made you a present. Stand up, I've been working on it all morning."
She showed me the bra, and my eyes went wide when I noticed it was lined with rows of thumbtacks.
"I took a pair of wire cutters and cut the ends off some tacks and glued them inside the cups, don't you love it?"
She sounded so excited, and part of me was scared, but so was I. I couldn't wait to wear it.
"Yes, I do, Mistress."
"Great!" She wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. "Unfortunately, the glue still needs to dry, so you won't be able to wear it out today. Now, we have a busy day today, so grab some leftover pizza from the fridge, and get dressed, your clothes are over by the chair. Oh, and before I forget, ordered you some costumes online, they should be arriving within a week or two. Now hop hop, my little bunny."
I went to the kitchen and got out some cold pizza from last night. I began to wonder what she meant by 'costumes.'
"Mistress?"
"Yes, pet?"
"What sort of costumes?"
She walked up to me, "well, you'll just have to wait and see, but, I'll tell you this, they're not Halloween costumes."
Then she kissed my forehead and walked out of the room. I couldn't wait to see what costumes she bought.
I finished my pizza and got dressed. It had been a while since I had gone without a bra.

Since I was dressed, I figured I'd go find my Mistress. I went to the hallway and called to her "Mistress Tara, I'm ready."
"Great! I'll be right there."
She was out in a few minutes, and looked just as great as she did yesterday. She was wearing a sundress, sunglasses, and a pair of sandals.
"All right," she said, "we've got a lot to do today, so let's head out."
"Um, Mistress?"
"Yes?"
"May I please use the bathroom?"
"Sorry, pet, we don't have the time, now come on."
With that, my Mistress grabbed my wrist and practically dragged me out the door.

Tara:
"A few rules for outside the house, pet, you will just call me Tara, and let me do the talking, unless someone speaks directly to you, then defer to me. Understand?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Good, we're almost at our first stop, are you nervous?"
"I am, Mistress, but I'm also excited."
"Good, good."
I put my hand on her leg, "remember, be a good girl."
"I will, Mistress."

We arrived at our first stop: the pet store. The look on her face was priceless, somewhere between confusion and excitement. I almost couldn't stop myself from rubbing one out right there.
"We're here, come on."
I got out and walked to the other side of the car, I grabbed her wrist and led her out of the car. I locked it and we headed in.
The first thing I saw was a stand with a bunch of dog collars on them, and took her over.
"Pick your favorite one, Jessica."
I let her stand there stunned for a moment while my words sunk in, then said "do you see one you like?"
"I..."
"Look, we don't have all day, pick one."
She reached out and selected a pink one with pictures of bones on it. I took it from her and unbuckled it.
"Good, now let's make sure it fits."
"What?"
"Well, it would be a waste to get home and the collar ending up being too small, don't you think?"
"I suppose, but here, in front of people?"
"Yes, where else? Now hush. Any more stalling from you and I'll punish you. Pull your hair up."
She complied, I put the collar around her neck and tightened it. I pretended to fiddle with it a bit more just to embarrass her.
"Can you breathe okay?" I said loudly.
"Yes."
"Good, now take it off and find yourself a leash, and I wanna see that ass swaying while you walk away."
I could almost see tears forming in her eyes. I had to keep from reaching between my legs right there in the store. And her ass. Damn, she knew how to sway it, I couldn't wait to get that ass under a whip or a cane.

While she was getting a leash, I went to go look at the dog cages. After a minute or two, she came over with a brown leather leash in one hand and her collar in the other. I smiled as an idea entered my head. I pointed at the smallest cage.
"You think you could fit in that?"
Her eyes were big as dinner plates! I wanted to make her go down on me right there.
"I, uh" she stammered.
I laughed and smacked her ass.
"Well maybe not that one, but" I pointed at a larger one "maybe this one."
"Why do we need a cage, Tara?" she asked nervously.
"Well, when pets are naughty, you must punish them and put them in a cage, silly. You don't plan on being a naughty pet, do you?" I squeezed her ass.
"No, Tara, but-"
"Then you have nothing to worry about." I couldn't wait to get her into this cage.
"Well," I said "I think we're about done here, oh look!"
I spotted one of those machines that make custom pet tags. Perfect. I took her over
"I know what I want it to say, you can pick the shape."
After thinking for a moment, she pointed at a heart shaped one.
"That one please."
"Good choice."

Jessica:
Back in the car, after Mistress had put the cage and leash in the trunk, she handed me the tag and collar. I turned the tag over in my hand, one side read "JESSICA," the other "SLAVE," and under that "PET."
"Here," she handed me the collar "hook the tag to the collar and put it on."
I attached the tag to the collar, but hesitated before putting it around my neck.
"What are you waiting for? Put it on!"
"Yes, Mistress."
I buckled the collar around my neck and tightened it until it was snug, Mistress then adjusted it so the tag was in front.
"You look so precious in that collar, I could eat you up. What do you say when someone gives you something?"
"Thank you for the collar, Mistress."
"You're welcome, pet, now let's head to our next destination."
I just remembered that I really needed to pee.
"Uh, Mistress?"
"Yes, pet?"
"When we get there, may I please use the restroom? I really need to go." I was practically dancing in my seat trying to keep from pissing myself.
"If we have time, pet. No more out of you until we get there, pet."

A few long, silent minutes later Mistress pulled into the parking lot of a sex toy shop. Mistress stepped out of the car and motioned for me to follow. I got out and followed her into the store, where she was greeted by a man behind the counter.
"Miss Tara, our favorite customer!"
"Benny! Good to see you, too. Where's Liz?"
"She's out of town, visiting her sister, who's that cute little thing?" He gestured at me while still talking to her.
"Oh, her? This is Jessica, the slave I've been telling you and Liz about."
"So this is the famous Jessica, she's cute, but she doesn't have muchto look at in the front, though," he turned to me "what's the matter? You got ants in your pants?"
"Funny story," Mistress responded "she hasn't gotten a chance to use a restroom all day."
"Oh, you wicked woman!" He laughed "Poor girl's about to pee all over the floor, then I'll have to clean it up."
"Oh, alright," she turned to me "Jessica, the restroom is right over there. Don't be too long," she said as she smacked my butt.
"Thank you Mistress." I said quickly before heading in the direction she pointed. I heard them laughing as I made my way to the restroom.

I had to pee so bad I pulled my pants and panties down and sat on the toilet without even bothering to close the stall. I sighed as I felt my bladder begin to empty. I thought for a moment about getting myself off, but decided against it because Mistress would be unhappy, and I didn't want to let her down. I quickly wiped and flushed and went back out to Mistress.

She was still talking to Benny, only now there was a large cardboard box on the counter. She saw me as I approached.
"Jessica, I didn't introduce you to Benny here. He and Liz run this little shop here. And he's also Liz's slaveboy. Now say hello."
"Pleased to meet you," I said.

I finally got a good look at him. He had short brown hair and was slightly taller than my Mistress. Plus he was pretty easy on the eyes.
"Likewise. Tara, is she ready for me to take the measure ments for her-"
"Shhh, I haven't told her yet," Mistress interrupted.

Measurements? "Pet," Mistress said to me "follow Benny here into the back, and do what he says."
I didn't like the sound of that, but obeyed. Benny led me through a short corridor and into a room on the right. In the room was a stepping stool and a large mirror.
"Alright, Jessica, lose the pants and step up there." My eyes went wide. "What are you waiting for?"
"I...just-" I stammered, blushing.
As if he read my mind, he laughed and said "Oh don't worry about me, if Liz found out I'd been doinking someone else, she'd have my balls. Besides, she keeps my dick in a cage anyway, and only she's got the key."
My mind eased by his words, I removed my pants and stepped up on the stool. He pulled out a measuring tape and began measuring around my waist and groin, all the while taking notes.
"All right, I think I've got what I need, go tell your Mistress she can expect her order to arrive in about 15 business days."
"Yes, sir." He sent me back out with a smack on my behind.

Tara:
The box rattled as Jessica carried it to the car.
"Put it in the back seat, pet."
"Yes, Mistress." I never get tired of hearing her say that.
"Mistress?"
"Yes, pet?"
"May I ask what's in the box?"
"You'll find out soon enough."
I couldn't wait to use the toys in the box. Ropes, cuffs, chains, whips, canes, clothespins, dildos, vibrators, harnesses-

While I was thinking about all the things I could to to my pet, we arrived at our next destination: the mall.
"Alright pet, same rules as in the pet store, got it?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Good, now come on."

I hooked my finger into her collar and led her into the building.
"Okay, here's what we're doing.&nbsp; We're gonna buy you some clothes, like sexy underwear, some shoes, socks and whatnot. Stuff for you to look sexy in for me, and others may be rewards for you when you're a good girl, understand?"
"I do, Mistress."
"Good." I leaned down to give her a kiss and gave one of her mosquito bites a squeeze.

Our first stop was a lingerie store. I grabbed a bunch of bras and panties off the rack and held each one up to my pet's chest and crotch. After separating the ones I liked, I grabbed a handful from another rack and repeated the process, watching her face turn red as she hoped no one would see her. After repeating the process twice more, I sent her to the dressing room with a playful slap on her ass, eliciting a squeal and told her to strip and wait for me.

I grabbed a few more things I thought I'd like to see on her and headed to the dressing rooms.
"Pet?" I called out, sure someone heard me.
"In here Tara" came the timid reply from the third door down.&nbsp; I entered and there was my slavegirl, wearing only what she was born in, she was quite a sight.
"Good girl," I smiled and grabbed a tiny pair of pink panties with a cute little red bow in front and told her to put them on. I put my finger in the elastic and pulled to make sure they were a good fit. I had her change into a larger pink pair with red lace frills on the edges and across her butt. I had her spin around and grabbed her ass.

We repeated this process until there was a big pile of lingerie that I would buy, and the rest were put back on the racks. I left her to get dressed and went to buy the lingerie, telling her to come out when she was ready.

After buying the lingerie, I gave her the bags and we headed to a shoe store, where I told my pet to sit on one of the stools and wait for me. I went to go pick out the highest heels I could find for her, along with a few other high heels, and some boots. I found some 6 inch stilettos, 5 inch boots, and 4 inch pumps. After making sure they fit, I paid for them and took Jessica to a general clothing store.

Before entering, I took the bags from her and told her "Pet, I think you've been a good girl today, so I'm going to reward you. Go and pick out a few outfits for yourself."
Her eyes lit up at that. "Thank you, Mistress," she said loudly and scampered off into the shop. I don't think she realized she called me 'Mistress.' I chuckled to myself and picked out some different types of stockings for her.

Not long after, my toy came back holding a halter top and pair of cutoff shorts in one hand, and a black minidress in the other. "These.&nbsp; I want these, please, Mistress."
She had to be doing it on purpose.
"Alright, pet, those will look great on you."
After buying her outfits I told her we had one last stop.
"I just need to buy you some swimsuits, then we can head home."
"Okay, Mistress."
I could tell she was getting tired, and so was I, plus it was starting to get late.

We arrived at the shop and I grabbed a standard one-piece and two-piece, along with a few more revealing articles, and sent her to the dressing room, telling her to make sure they all fit. After a few minutes, she came back out with the swimwear and told me they all fit fine.
"Good, I can't wait to get you in one of these, maybe you could wear one now." She blushed and started stammering again.
"I'm teasing," I said and playfully slapped her bottom, "now come on, let's pay for these and head home."

Back at the car, I had her put what would fit in the trunk next to the dog cage, and the rest in the back seat. Once we were both in the car, Jessica turned to me and said "I love you, Mistress."
I smiled at her and said, "I love you, too, pet."


Jessica:
The next thing I remember, we were back at my Mistress' house.&nbsp; I must have fallen asleep.
"Pet, we're here, wake up."
I rubbed my eyes and got out of the car.
"Grab the cage and the clothes, pet, and I'll get the rest."
"Yes, Mistress."
I grabbed the cage from the trunk and grabbed most of the bags of clothes. As I took them into the house, followed by my Mistress carrying the box and the remainder of the bags, I received a command.
"Set those down by the wall there, now strip naked and kneel by the couch, pet, I'll be back in a moment."
"Yes, Mistress."
She went down the hall with the box and left me kneeling in the living room. She returned briefly to take the clothes and went back into the hallway. It seemed like a long time before she finally came back and sat down on the couch.
"Come here, pet," Mistress said as she patted her lap. I crawled over, stood up, and sat on her lap. As I leaned back, she wrapped her arms around me and I could feel her breasts on my back.
"You behaved yourself well today, pet. Well enough to earn a reward. But keep your hands at your sides" she said mischievously.
Her hands went to my pussy and she began to fondle my lips.
"Thank you, Mistress!" I managed to say between breaths. One of her hands moved up and started groping my left breast and pinching my nipple. I felt one of her fingers enter me.
"Th-thank...you... Mis-" she reached up and forced my mouth to hers in a deep kiss. As our tongues wrestled, she began slapping my breasts and working my pussy faster until I could feel myself nearing climax. I broke our kiss.
"May I cum, Mistress?!"
"Say please," she said in a singsong voice.
"Please let me cum, Mistress!"
"You may, pet."
I felt myself go over the edge and moaned in pleasure. I felt Mistress slide me off her lap and say "Stay there, pet. I'll be right back."
I just lay there with my eyes closed. A moment later, I heard metallic clinking. I looked over, and there was my Mistress in a pair of pajamas holding handcuffs and grinning. "Time for bed, pet. Stand up and put your hands behind your back."
I obeyed. She cuffed my hands and led me by the collar to her bedroom.
Inside was a giant set of sliding closet doors on one wall, a full body mirror on another, and against a third wall was a giant king-sized bed. Mistress lifted a blanket and shoved me onto the bed.
"Get comfortable" she said as she hopped onto the bed next to me. Her arms went around me and as she pulled me in my face ended up nestled in her pajama-covered breasts. My world went dark as she covered herself up to her neck with the blanket.
"Comfy?" she asked?
"Mm-hmm" was all I could say.
My face resting in her boobs, my hands cuffed behind my back, hers on my butt, squeezing me occasionally. I was in heaven.











Chapter 3

Tara:
Having Jessica spend the night with her hands cuffed behind her back and her face lodged between my tits was divine. She fell asleep right away while I groped her ass until I drifted off.

I woke up with a devious idea in my head.
"Wake up, pet." I gave her rump a playful swat, causing her to jump in my embrace.
"Did you sleep well?" I lifted The blanket and she looked up at me with her pretty green eyes.
"Yes, Mistress."
"I'll bet you did," I replied, grinning at her. She returned my grin and buried her face into my chest again.
"You naughty girl!" I swatted her ass again. "Get up, I'll make you some breakfast."
I extricated myself from her and headed for the kitchen to pour us some cereal, and my pet walked in not long after and sat ar the table. I poured some milk and cereal into a bowl and slid it over to her. She looked at it for a moment, then looked at me and stammered "Mistress... uh... how do I-"
"You are my pet, right? Pets don't use spoons. You'll figure it out. Come to think of it, pets don't use the table either."
I grabbed the bowl and placed it on the floor. She looked at me and begged with her eyes for a few seconds before moving to the floor, defeated. She sat on her knees and leaned forward into the bowl, her cute little ass in the air. She lapped at it for a few minutes before losing her balance and ending up face first in the bowl, cereal and milk all over her face and the floor. Exactly what I was hoping would happen.
"Bad girl!" I yelled, trying to look angrier than I really was.
"I'm sorry, Mistress!" I think the fall scared the poor thing more than I did. I went for some paper towels and told her not to move.

When I returned, she was still lying on her side. She looked like she was going to cry. It was a good look on her.
"I'm sor-"
"Hush. I need to clean you up, then when I'm done, go stand facing the corner while I clean up your mess."
I wiped her face off and sent her to the living room. I took my time wiping up the floor, I wanted to savor these minutes.

After I had cleaned the floor, I went into the living room and sat on the couch. I ogled my pet's rear while I pondered how to punish her. When I had decided I called her over and ordered her to kneel in front of me. She still had that look on her face
"You know you need to be punished, don't you, pet?"
"Yes, Mistress," she said, clearly fighting back tears, "I'm sorry Mistress."
"I know, pet," I patted her head,&nbsp; "I know, but you still need to be punished, now lie over my knees. I am going to spank you ten times on each cheek."
She quickly obeyed. I rubbed her ass, squeezing once or twice, savoring the moment.
"Are you ready, pet?"
"Yes, Mistress."
I raised my arm and brought it down onto her right cheek.
*SMACK*
She moaned. "Ahhhh."
I raised my arm again and brought it down on her left cheek this time.
*SMACK*
She moaned again as her flesh jiggled.
*SMACK*
"Owwww!"
*SMACK*
*SMACK*

After I had finished, my pet's ass was bright red and she was bawling with her face buried in the sofa. I slid her gently onto the floor and headed to the bedroom and get the key to her handcuffs. As I listened to her sobs from the bedroom, I wondered if maybe I had pushed her too far. It was then that I noticed a wet spot on my pajamas. The little minx was getting off on it.

I went back into the living room and cupped her tear-streaked face in my hand.
"I'm goung to unlock your handcuffs, now. Since your arms have been locked behind your back all night, your shoulders will be quite sore, and I'm going to let you take it easy today."


Jessica:
Owwww! Mistress wasn't kidding when she said my shoulders would be sore. It hurt more than my spanking. I let my arms hang limply at my sides as I knelt on the floor. Mistress wrapped her arms around me in a tight embrace.
"You little slut," she whispered in my ear.
"Huh?" was all I could manage.
"You loved every second of your punishment, didn't you?"
All I could do was nod.
"You naughty girl. Let me tell you a secret: so did I. Come on, upsy-daisy!"
Mistress lifted me up in her arms and laid me on the couch. I lay on my back as she sat next to my head.
"Here, pet," she patted her lap and I rested my head on her legs, "now keep your hands at your sides."
"Yes, Mistress," I said as I looked up at her
She turned on the TV and put on some cartoon I didn't recognize. I continued to stare at the undersides of her boobs and face, she absent-mindedly pawed my chest, occasionally stopping to fiddle with my collar. God, she was beautiful. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the moment.

"Wakey-wakey," Mistress said as she gently nudged me, "nap time's over."
Realizing I had nodded off, I sat up and rubbed my eyes, my butt still sore from my punishment.
"I had an idea, while you where asleep, pet. Want to hear it?"
"Yes, Mistress," I said, still a bit groggy.
"Since I've been calling you 'pet' so often, I think you should at least act the part. What do you think?"
"I agree, Mistress," I said eagerly.
"I thought you might," she grinned, "stay there." She quickly darted into the bedroom and returned with my leash, a roll of pink bondage tape, and a big pink butt plug with a dog tail sticking out.
"All righty, let's get you fixed up, since pets don't walk on two legs or have hands, we need to remove the temptation" said Mistress giddily as she folded my arm and started wrapping it in tape, then did the same with my other arm. She moved to my legs and did the same to them.

When Mistress had finished with me, she had me roll onto my tummy and get up. The way I was taped up forced me to crawl on my elbows and knees.
"Okay, pet, now that that's done we need to get this in you," she held the butt plug up to my face, "and unfortunately, I seem to have misplaced the lube, so open wide."
Before I knew what was happening, she had shoved the plug into my mouth and said "Make sure you get it nice and wet."
I slobbered on the butt plug as much as I could and placed it into Mistress' open palm. She took it and moved behind me.
"Put your head on the floor and arch your back."
I obeyed as best I could. "Now relax, pet."
I breathed deeply and exhaled.
"1, 2, 3."
I gasped when I felt the cold slimy plastic pushing at my rear entrance and involuntarily tensed up.
"Shhhh," Mistress reassured me "relax."
She eased it in until I felt myself close around the plug.
"And it's in, that wasn't so bad, was it?"
"Uhn-uh" I responded with my face buried in the floor.
"Now, pet, you need to learn a few things. You're a doggy now. And doggies don't talk, do they?"
I almost said 'no' but caught myself and just shook my head.
"That's right, they don't. Doggies bark, so you bark once for 'yes' and twice for 'no.' Understand?"
I barked once.
"Good girl!" she patted my head, "Now wait here, Mistress will be right back."
She went to the bedroom and changed her clothes. When she came back she was wearing a tank top and short shorts. And holding an 8-inch, flesh colored dildo and a pair of hair ties.
"Doggies like bones, and here's yours."
She held the dildo in front of my face while she tied my hair into two pigtails that hung down each side of my neck.
"Okay pet, it's time to play outside!"
She clipped the leash to my collar and led me to the backyard. It was massive; there was a large pool, and past that a huge grassy area.
"Don't fall in," said Mistress as she led me past the pool.
"Okay, let's play fetch!" she unclipped my leash and tossed the dildo to the far side of the yard.
"Go get the bone! Go get it, Jessica!"
I crawled to where I saw the dildo land as fast as my bound limbs would take me and looked around. I spotted it near a bunch of dandelions and bent down to pick it up in my mouth, my Mistress laughing the whole time.

I carried the dildo back, and Mistress squatted down as I approached.&nbsp; She took the dildo from me and tossed it again, saying "Go get it! Go get it!"
I took off after it, following it with my eyes. This time it landed atop a bush out of my reach.

I made a show of trying to grab it and stumbled backwards, landing flat on my back. I looked up at the sky for a moment listening to Mistress' laughter, then rolled over and made my way to her and whimpered.
"Awww, poor doggy can't get her bone back?"
I barked.
"Okay, I'll get your bone for you, but it'll cost you."
Cost me? I whimpered in confusion.
"You'll just have to wait and find out."
I followed her over to the bush where the dildo was. She grabbed it off the bush, squatted down and held it up to my face.
"Doggy want the bone? Doggy want the bone? Come get it."
She wiggled it in front of me and I lunged at it, only for her to move it before I could get it.
"Awwww, too slow. Try again."
And the process repeated
"Aww, poor doggie. Wanna fetch again?"
I barked once.
"Okay, see it," she raised her arm and threw the dildo across the yard, "go get it!"
As I took off after it, I stumbled and ended up face first in the grass with my rear end sticking up in the air. I heard laughter approach me. As I moved to get up, Mistress said "No, don't move. I like looking at you this way."
She sat on the grass and rubbed her hand against my vulva. I tried to rub back, but Mistress moved her hand away, causing me to moan in frustration.
"No, no, greedy doggy. Good doggies take what they are given. Now wag your tail."
I shook my butt from side to side, the tail dancing for my Mistress. She laughed at my display.
"Good doggy! Now roll over, and I'll give you a special belly rub."
She lay on the grass next to me. She gave one of my nipples a pinch and my breast a squeeze.
"Doggy want belly rub?"
I barked. She gently raked her fingernails across my chest and down my belly, stopping just above my lower lips. She then lightly tickled my labia, causing me to thrust my hips upward as much as I could, my butt clenching around the plug. But she held her hand just out of reach. I looked over at her, begging silently.
"What's the matter, doggy?"
I whimpered.
"Aww, poor doggy."
She teased me again, I thrusted again, and again she moved her hand away. She continued her cruel game until I thought I would go insane. Mistress wiped a tear from my cheek and said cooed "Awww, poor, poor doggy. Tell you what, let's go inside, and I'll make you a nice lunch. How about that? Now go get your bone."
I barked once I went to retrieve the dildo, then brought it to my Mistress, my slit dripping the whole way.
"No no," she stopped me in front of the door.
I whined in confusion.
"Remember when I said my favor would cost you?"
I barked once.
"Well dirty doggies can't go inside. They'll track mud."
She was right, I was filthy. I had grass stains and dirt all over my back, and my whole body was covered with a slick sweat.
"You know what that means, right?"
I barked half-heartedly.
"That's right. Bath time!" she said with mock excitement before she disappeared around the side of the house and returned with a metal tub and the garden hose with the nozzle on it. She tossed the tub on the ground and ordered me in. I didn't like where this was going.
"You ready?"
I barked once nervously.
"Okay, here goes!"

She pointed the nozzle at me and squeezed. A jet of icy cold water hit me in the side causing me to yelp in surprise and curl up. After a few moments of spraying my back, Mistress ordered me to sit up with my arms and legs apart so she could clean me. She produced a rag and dipped it in the water. When she had gotten it soaked, she went to work on my face and neck, moving down to my breasts, then roughly cleaning my lady parts, causing me to moan. She repeated the process on my back, and cleaning my butt.
"Alright, now let's get this tape off you."
Mistress removed the now loose tape and plug and dried me off with a nearby towel.

As we went inside Mistress gently pulled on my collar.
"Are you ready for lunch? You may stand and speak now."
"Yes, Mistress, I'm very hungry."
"Okay," she said smiling, "go to the fridge and pick out something to eat. I'll fix anything you want since you were such a good doggie today."
"Thank you, Mistress."
I dashed to the refrigerator as Mistress went to the cupboard. I looked from shelf to shelf, searching for something I wanted, before eventually deciding on some pork chops. I handed them to my Mistress.
"Pork chops? Alright, I'll fix these up, and you go find something to watch on TV. When they're ready we'll have lunch, okay?"
"Okay, Mistress." She slapped my butt as I walked away.

I turned on the TV and flipped through the channels for a bit before settling on 'Buffy' reruns. It wasn't long before Mistress came in with two plates of pork chops and a fork on each plate. She handed one to me and sat down next to me.
"Buffy, huh? That takes me back."

We reminisced about old TV shows as we ate lunch. After we had finished, Mistress turned off the TV and turned to me with a serious look on her face.
"Jessica, I've been going pretty easy on you so far, but now I want to hurt you," my stomach turned.
What did she mean 'hurt me?'
"I need you to know that this isn't a punishment. You haven't done anything wrong, I just want to cause you as much pain as you can take. That's all there is to it. You have no say in this, since you are my property but I will give you a safeword, because this is your first time. Now how do you feel about this?"
I thought for a moment. I was scared. The look on her face scared me more than the thought of her torturing me. But in spite of all that, I could feel myself becoming wet. I looked up at her
"I'm scared, Mistress. But also excited."


Tara:
I couldn't wait to play with my slavegirl a little rougher, but first I really needed to piss, so I decided to use this as an opportunity to push her a little.
"Follow me."
I led her to the bathroom and had her kneel in front of the toilet. I pulled my shorts and panties off and sat down. I relaxed and released a stream of urine. My toy blushed and tried to turn away, but I grabbed her head and forced her to look at my pussy until I had finished.
"Now lick me clean," I said as I pushed my hips forward.
My slave took a little too long so I grabbed her by the pigtails and shoved her face into my crotch.
"I said lick!"
I felt her tongue come out of her mouth and start cleaning me. I started to get horny, but I wanted to wait before getting off, so I pushed her away.
"So, did you enjoy that? And tell the truth, pet."
"Ng-No, Mistress, I didn't."
"That's okay, you'll have plenty more chances to get used to it."
She looked like she was trying not to gag. I had to bite my tongue to keep from laughing at her as I pulled my shorts up.
"Do you have to go potty?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Okay, but you'll do it the way I want you to. Now squat on the seat."
She hopped up and spread her legs.
"Relax, let it come."
She closed her eyes and a steady stream of piss began to flow.
"Good girl," I said as the flow abated, "good girl."
I took some toilet paper and patted her dry.

I took her to a locked door in the hallway and explained what was there.
"Now pet," I pulled a key out of my pocket and unlocked the door, "this used to be a spare bedroom, but now I like to call it the 'play room,' but for you, it will likely be a torture chamber. It's where I keep all the gear and furniture when they're not being used. So all the goodies in the box from yesterday, and your cage are in here."
I opened the door and pulled her inside. Her eyes got huge, it was so adorable. She looked from one piece of furniture to the other. Her eyes eventually landed on the large trunk where I keep all the bondage gear.
"Like what you see?" I asked.
"I'm... not sure, Mistress."
I chuckled, "That's alright pet. Now, before we start. I want you to know that I love you, and won't cause you any permanent or serious injuries. Now, you can beg and plead all you want, but I will only stop if you use your safety word, which is 'Red Light' but if you use it, know that you will be punished, though it won't be a traditional punishment like a whipping or spanking, and it won't cause you any physical pain. Are you all right with this?"
She thought for a moment before saying "Yes, Mistress. I'll do my best."
"Good. I know you will. Now kneel down and wait."

I went over to the trunk and pulled out a pair of suspension cuffs, nipple clamps, black bondage tape, rope, and four weights with hooks on them. I locked the cuffs on her wrists, then tied them to the rope. Then I strung the rope through a hook in the ceiling and hoisted her up until her face was level with mine and her feet about a foot off the floor. I tied the rope off on another hook in a nearby wall, grabbed and folded my pet's legs and taped them up the same way I had this morning.
"Alright, slave. Time for these," I grinned and held the clamps up to her face, a chain holding them together. I attached the first one to her left nipple, causing her to gasp. Then I attached the second one and gave them a light tug, eliciting a moan from my toy.
"Okay, now that that's done, I need to stick these on you," I held one of the weights up and put it on the center of her nipple chain.
"Owww!"
"Awww, poor slave," I said in mock sympathy as I placed another weight on the chain.
"Owwww! Aahh! No more weights please Mistress! No more!"
"Aww, but I still have two more I need to put on you, but I guess I could find somewhere else to hang them," I went back to the trunk and dug out another pair of clamps and twirled them in my hand as I walked back to my toy.
"Can you guess where these are going to go?"I could tell she knew what I was thinking.
"Please no, Mistress. Ple-aaahh!"
The chain hung down just below her knees.
"There, now to hang the weights."
She was shaking her head and started begging again, this time with tears in her eyes "please don-aaaoooww!"
"I'll let you rest there a moment while I go slip into something more sexy," I winked at her.
"Please, Mistress, don't leave me alone."
She sounded sincere, the poor thing. I wad a nasty idea as I walked past her to the door.
"Now now, I won't be gone long, and to make sure you aren't completely bored..."
I grabbed her by the knees and pulled her backwards. She started shaking her head and blubbering when she figured out what I was doing.
"Nononopleasenonononoplease."
"Wheee!" I yelled as I gave her a push. I watched her swing and cry a moment before leaving the room.

Back in my bedroom, I already knew what I was going to wear, but I wanted to make my toy wait. I went to the closet and grabbed a pair of red high heel boots that zipped all the way up the thigh and a matching corset. The set left my titties, ass, and pussy exposed, it was perfect. I silently made my way to the door and listened to my toy's weeping. It was music to my ears. I listened for a moment more and entered.
"Did you have fun?"
"N-no, ple-please let me down," she said between sobs.
"You want to get down?"
"Uh-huh."
I walked up to her and wiped a tear from her cheek and spoke to her in a sweet voice
"You probably want this off too, huh?" I lifted her pussy weights.
She just sniffled and nodded.
"Well let's see what we can do about that."
I dropped the weights, causing her to cry out again.
"Awww, poor slave."
She moaned as I unclipped the chain from her pussy.
"But now I have a problem, see, I have these two weights and nowhere to hang them. Where do you think they should go?"
"P-please no."
"What?"
"Please don't hang them on my nipples."
"Now there's an idea."
I put one of the weights on the chain between her tits, making her cry out.
"Owwwww!"
I put the other one on her.
"Aaaaaooowwww!"
"How does your pussy feel?"
"It h-hurts."
"Awwww, poor pussy."
I decided to make it hurt more in a bit, but for now I gently rubbed her lips. The little slut tried to thrust into my hand despite the pain it caused her tits. And she was soaked.
"Eww, you leaked all over my hand!"
I held my hand to her mouth.
"Well, clean up your mess."
Her tongue appeared from between her lips and worked its way between my fingers and over the surface of my hand.
"There, now let's see about getting you down."
I went to grab a piece of furniture and pushed it under my toy. I could see the panic in her eyes. I loved it.
"This is called a wooden horse. It was once used as an actual torture device. See, you sit here on this triangle-shaped piece of wood, and I enjoy your suffering. Of course, this one's dull enough not to actually do any real damage, but I still wouldn't want to be in your shoes right now."
She started to beg me not to lower her as I untied the rope from the wall.
"What? You wanted to get down, right?"
"Pleasenopleasenopleasenoplease"
"I have an idea for a fun little game. I'll ease you onto the horse, and you clench your legs against the sides and try to keep poor pussy off the tip. And for every 10 seconds you manage, I'll give you 5 seconds alone with a vibrator tomorrow. How's that?"
"O-okay, Mistress."
"Great!"
I lowered her slowly until her pussy was about an inch or two above the edge.
"Okay, legs together now," I gave the rope some slack "and if you try to support yourself with the rope, well let's just say don't do it and leave it at that."
She clenched her legs as tight as she could, but still she slowly slid downward.
"1 Mississippi," I counted "2 Mississippi."

The poor girl was so tired when she finally gave out, all she did was whimper, moan, and hang her head. She had made it to 112 seconds, what a trooper.
"Ooooohhhhhh."
"You've earned 55 seconds. Good job, but now I just don't know what to do with you."
I wandered the room, pondering what to do with my toy next when I spotted a riding crop. I picked it up and took it back over to her. She slumped forward, her wrists still above her head.
"I bet you wonder what I'm gonna do with this."
She groaned, exhausted. I whipped her right breast with the crop.
"Uuuhhhhh. Please...let...me...down" she said in short breaths.
"No, I think I'll have some fun first."
*WHACK*
"Ohhh."
The weights shook as her flesh danced.
*WHACK*
*WHACK*

I whipped her tits until my arm hurt. When I was finished, I stepped in for a closer look. There were welts all across her chest, along with a bruise or two. I felt my pussy getting moist.
"Alright slave, I'm going to take the clamps off now. The best part about clamps is they hurt just as much coming off," I grinned and gave her a peck on the cheek.
I reached up and undid one clamp.
"Ahhh!"
"Shhh, you're okay."
I gave the chain a hard pull and ripped the clamp from her tit.
"OOOWWWWWH!"
"You know I love it when you make those noises."
"Uuuuggghhhh."

I bent down to look at my toy's pussy. The wood around it was soaked with her juices.
"How lewd! You've leaked all over my horse. Disgusting girl. I guess I should let you down now."
I raised her up off the device and slid it out from under her. When it was gone, I lowered her onto the floor and removed the cuffs and tape to let her stretch a bit.
"Is-is it over?" she asked hopefully.
"Afraid not, toy," she looked crushed, "Awww, don't look that way, I'll get you some water, you want some water?"
"Uh-huh."
"Okay, stay here."
I went to the kitchen and returned with a glass of water, which I held to her lips. She drank it all in one big gulp.
"Still thirsty?"
"No, Mistress. Thank you."
"You're welcome. You ready for round two?"
"I, um-"
"That's okay, I'll give you a moment to rest."
"Thank you, Mistress."

I stroked her sore tits lightly. When she had relaxed I dug my fingernails into her soft flesh as roughly as I could. Her eyes shot open and she looked at me. I just smiled at her. She started shaking her head as I squeezed harder.
"Please stop. Please stop!"
"Oh you want me to stop?"
"Please!"
"Does your pussy want me to stop?"
I reached down and rubbed a hand across her pussy. It was soaked.
"I don't think pussy wants me to stop. But I'll stop when you're ready to play some more."
She didn't say anything else, just looked at me with pleading eyes while I pawed at her tits some more.

"I... I'm ready Mistress," she seemed to have her energy back.
"Goody!" I pinched her nipples and pulled upward. She arched her back, trying to lessen the pain. She couldn't stay up long, and quickly fell back to the floor, her nipples roughly slipping from my fingers. I got up and left my toy on the floor and went to the trunk. I pulled out two bags of 50 wooden clothespins each, along with a pair of ankle and wrist cuffs.
"Sit up and kneel."
I locked them on her and attached her right wrist to to her right ankle and did the same with her left. When that was done I held a bag up to her.
"Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to stick as many of these bad boys on ou as I can fit, and let you have a little fun with them."
"Uh-"
I held a finger to her lips, "you don't have to say anything."
She just nodded. I tore open the first bag and dumped the clothespins all over the floor.
"Hmm, how am I going to get these on you? I wonder."
My toy whined as I started putting them on her tits.

After I was done, I had managed to get 13 on each of her breasts, four along the tops and undersides and five in the middle with one on each of her nipples. I also stuck 3 on each pussy lip, 4 on each thigh, 2 on each ear and eyebrow and 1 on her tongue for a total of 49. I thought a moment and managed to fit two dozen on her tummy and sides, bringing the total to 73.
"Now pet, just to make sure, tell me what your safe word is."
"Wed wight," she garbled.
"Good girl, now, you probably want those off as soon as possible, so here's the game: I'll take them off as soon as you bring me to orgasm, sound fair?"
"Yeph, Miphweph."
"And to make sure it's not too easy for you," I walked to the far side of the room and sat on a&nbsp; bench, "you have to get to me without falling or losing any clothespins, or you start over, and afterward, I'll punish you for each clothespin I have to replace."
I blew her a kiss and spread my legs, "Ready. Set. Go!"

She started out quickly, but after nearly losing her balance and falling on her face, she set a slower pace. When she finally reached me, she was out of breath and had tears flowing down her face again.
"Yay! You did it," I patted her head "good girl, now for your reward."
I removed the clothespin on her tongue and guided her face to my pussy.
"Get to work."

I felt her tongue run across my pussy, tasting my juices. She focused on my outer lips for a bit before her tongue found its way inside me. It was divine, having my slavegirl give me pleasure while she was suffering. As my climax built, I wrapped my legs around her head, pulling her hard into my pussy. Her muffled pleas were drowned out by my moans.

"That was great, now are you ready for these," I flicked a clothespin "to come off?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Okay, but first I want you to make them dance for me. Thrust your hips and shake your tiny titties."
"Please," she looked so pathetic, but I wasn't going to back down.
"Do as I say."
She hung her head and started to thrust. The clothespins danced and her flesh jiggled as she moaned in pain. I could watch her all night, but I could feel myself getting a little sleepy.
"Alright slave, let's get those off you," she had a bewildered look on her face as I walked past her to the trunk and fished out a cat-o-nine-tails.

She shook her head desperately as I approached.
"No, please, Mistress!"
"Oh, don't worry, this is just to get the clothespins off. You wanted them off, right?"
"Please-"
I raised my arm and brought the whip down on her tummy, knocking 7 clothespins off her.
"Aaaahhh!"
"Oh, and I won't whip the ones off your face. I'm not a monster," I laughed to myself as she stared at the whip, a look of fear on her face. I bent down and yanked the clothespins from her eyebrows without loosening them. I did the same to her ears.
"There, now for the rest."
I swung my arm and the whip connected with her tits, knocking 8 clothespins free.
"OOOooowww! Please-"
I ignored her and whipped her tummy again.
"AAAAAaaahh!"
I raised my arm and aimed the whip at her pussy this time. 2 clothespins landed on the floor as she shrieked.

We continued our little game until all the clothespins were on the floor. I bent down to comfort her.
"There there. You did so well. I'm proud of you."
I hugged her tight.
"Is it over?"
"It's over," I unclipped her cuffs from each other but left them on her body. She hugged me back. I picked her up and carried her to my bedroom. I laid her on my bed and admired the marks on her skin left by the clothespins and whip. I stripped and joined my toy on the bed.
"How do you feel, pet?"
"It hurts, Mistress."
"But you love it don't you?"
She looked away a moment and thought.
"I do, Mistress," she said when she turned to face me again.
"I knew you would."
"Can we," she paused.
"Yes, pet?"
"Can we do it again soon?"
I was elated. I hugged her tight and whispered in her ear "Of course we can."
I pulled the blanket over our bodies and we held each other until we fell asleep.









Chapter 4

Jessica:
I grew moist as I thought back to my first torture session with my Mistress. Had it really been three weeks? A lot had happened since then. I found out why I had been measured at the shop. It was for a chastity belt. When it first arrived, I thought it looked like a steel thong. It was stainless steel, and had a removable panel for when Mistress let me use the restroom. It was full of holes, though, so she only had to remove it I had to poo. The panel was attached to the belt with a small gold padlock, and the belt itself was locked onto me with a similar lock, both in front. The panel served two purposes, the first was obvious: to keep me from pleasuring myself; the second was less obvious: Mistress could insert whatever she wanted into me and lock the panel on, leaving me to cope with whatever she locked in. The belt portion also had circular rings on each side. I fondled the locks and wondered when she'd let me out, thankfully she hadn't locked any toys in me today. It had been locked on me for 10 days straight. The 'costumes' Mistress had ordered had arrived as well. Unfortunately she refused to show me any until she wanted me to wear them. I had only seen four. The first I saw was some Japanese-y anime schoolgirl outfit with a skirt so short that nearly any movement exposed my backside. The second was a pink maid outfit with frilly edges and a white apron sewn onto it. The third was a sort of black strapless leotard with attached fishnet stockings and a large cotton ball on the butt. It also had a pair of white bunny ears on a headband. The fourth, which I was currently wearing, wasn't much of a costume. It was a pink frilly apron with a heart-shaped section that covered my chest. Mistress always liked to tie the straps in a big bow. She also tore my torture bra while she was whipping me one week, so she bought me a specially-made leather bra with dull steel spikes. I really couldn't wait to wear it.

The sound of the front door opening pulled me back to reality. My Mistress was back from her morning jog. I went into the living room and knelt at her feet.
"Welcome back, Mistress."
"Hi, slave. It's hot out there, and I'm sweating through my clothes."
She looked fantastic wearing a pair of spandex shorts, and a tank top with a sports bra underneath. Even with sweat stains, I thought she was beautiful.

"Whew, I'm exhausted. I think I need a tongue bath. Lick my shoes, slave."
I leaned in to lick her running shoes and smelt her sweaty feet.
"You like that smell?"
I did. I loved her smell, whether she had just jogged or just showered.

I ran my tongue across the laces, taking in the taste and smell.
"Now take my shoes and socks off."
I undid her shoes and peeled her socks off her feet. Her toenails were painted a deep red.
"Make sure you get all the gunk from between the toes, too."
"Yes, Mistress."
I kissed the top of her right foot and licked her big toe before sucking it into my mouth. I moved on to the next toe and the next one until I had sucked each toe on her right foot and repeated the process with her left. I then weaved my tongue between each toe, catching all the lint and toe jam stuck between them.
"Now the soles."
Mistress leaned back and raised her feet so I was stairing at her soles. I licked delicately so I didn't tickle her and when I was done awaited further instructions.
"Good job, slave. Now come sit on my lap and you can continue," she said as she stripped her top and sports bra off. I climbed onto her lap and she shoved the bra in my face.
"Get a whiff of this!"
I closed my eyes and inhaled the stench. It was heavenly. When she thought I had enough, she discarded the bra and pulled her boobs apart so I could lick the space between them. I dove in and licked her skin, suddenly everything went dark and I had trouble breathing. Mistress had trapped my face in her cleavage. I squirmed and struggled, desperate to escape her grip. I gulped as much air as I could when Mistress finally released me. She laughed to herself and told me to continue her tongue bath. She lifted her arm and shoved my face into her underarm.
"Get licking."
I savored the smell and started licking. It was by far the most intense taste yet. I loved it.

After I was through with her 'bath,' Mistress ordered me onto the floor and got up.
"That was nice, but I think I'm going to need an actual bath, remember, Liz is coming over today, and she's bringing a few of her female subs."
I had totally forgotten! Liz not only owned the store where Mistress bought the bondage gear, but she also moonlighted as a domme and had built quite a name for herself in the local BDSM community. I couldn't wait to finally meet her in person.

Tara:
I couldn't wait for Liz to get here. I had to make sure Jessica looked good for our get-together. I wondered what costume I'd put her in today.

As I got out of the bath, I wrapped a towel around myself and headed into my bedroom.
"Slave! Get in here! We need to pick out a costume, and Liz will be here soon!"
She came in and knelt on the floor.
"I'd put you in the bunnygirl costume, but I want you to wear your chastity belt. Hmmmm. How about this one?"
I pulled out a black and white short-sleeved maid outfit with a white attached apron. It even had a cute little frilly maid cap. Perfect. I couldn't wait to see her in this. The skirt was so short, she wouldn't be able to hide her chastity belt. I tossed it on the bed, pulled out some white, knee-high stay-ups and a pair of black 5-inch heels. I placed those next to the maid outfit.
"Get dressed, slave. And be quick. Liz will be here soon."
"Yes, Mistress," she said meekly.

I admired my pet's tiny body as she stripped off her apron. I returned to the closet to select my outfit for the day. I settled on a sort of sexy secretary combination. Pantyhose, white, cotton panties and matching bra, short-ish skirt, tight button-up top and 4-inch black pumps. I helped my slave dress before starting on myself. I was about halfway dressed when I heard the doorbell.
"Damn! She's early. Go answer the door and show her in, slave."
I shoved my slave out into the hallway, nearly causing her to stumble. I closed the door got back to dressing.

Jessica:

As I walked to the door I got really nervous. This would be the first time anyone else saw me as a slave. I was both scared and excited.

I opened the door and was greeted by a pretty blonde woman with a long ponytail wearing a halter top and denim skirt and holding three leashes in one hand. On the end of each was a girl wearing a large overcoat. Two were blindfolded and had ring gags in their mouths and short black hair, but the third one really caught my eye. Instead of being blindfolded like the others she had a black latex hood covering her entire head, except her brown eyes and a couple of airholes on her nose. The girl's hood had a sort of cartoonish smiling face printed on it. Her leash didn't lead to her collar, like the other two, instead it split into two and went into her coat.

"It's rude to stare, you know."
I jolted back to reality.
"I'm sorry, please come in, Miss Liz."
She led the girls to the center of the room and ordered them to strip. She let their leashes fall and sat on the couch as they obeyed.&nbsp; The blindfolded ones obeyed first, then the hooded girl looked over to Liz, who nodded, and began to strip. Except for a pair of wrist and ankle cuffs on each girl and the gear on their heads, they were all nude. The hooded girl was the odd one again. She had a short chain between her ankles which forced her to take very short steps.

"So," Liz turned to me "you must be Tara's slave."
"I am, Miss Liz."
"Well where is she? i'm dying to see her."
"She's getting dressed, Miss Liz, she'll be along in a moment."
"Good."

The next sound I heard was the bedroom door opening and my Mistress' footsteps.
"Liz!"
"Tara!"
Liz got up and embraced my Mistress.
"It's so good to see you again, Liz. Slave! Get us something to drink."
"Right away Mistress."
I headed to the kitchen and grabbed a pair of Diet Pepsis from the fridge. I returned to the living room to find my Mistress and her friend sitting on the couch. The blindfolded girls were on all fours in front of the couch, being used as footstools, their breasts dangling between their arms. I set the drinks on an end table and my Mistress grabbed them.
"So, where's Benny?" my Mistress asked.
"He's minding the shop."
"So, what's her story?" my Mistress pointed at the hooded girl.
"Her? She's a glutton for pain, that one. For today, her name is Painslut. And that's just what she is. I really like the hood though. I plugged her ears and taped up her mouth, but she can still see everything we're doing. Plus, no matter how we torment our painslut, she'll still smile for us. Should we start?"
"In a while, I want to catch up. Slave."
"Yes, Mistress?"
"Take Painslut to the playroom and have a little fun with it. We'll be in shortly."
"Oh!" Liz piped up "don't let her cum. She hasn't cum in 8 weeks, and I want to see how long she can go."
"Yes Mis Liz."

I walked to the center of the room and grabbed Painslut's leash. I was right. It was attached to rings in her nipples. I began to lead her to the playroom, but got impatient with her short steps. So when we got to the hallway out of sight from our owners, I gave the leash a hard tug, causing the girl to stumble forward and emit a muffled moan.

I led her into the playroom and took a good look, walking around her. She had a nice trim body, boobs nearly as big as my Mistress' and a cute butt. Her collar was steel with a leather lining and four D-rings. I unclipped the leash from her boobs and placed it on the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp; I pondered how to entertain myself until our owners showed up when a thought came to me. I wanted to tease her a bit.

I clipped her wrists to her collar and knelt down in front of her. I rubbed her groin and watched her get wet. When she started thrusting, I moved my hand away. She looked down at me and thrusted her hips once as if asking me to get her off. I shook my head and mouthed "nope." She groaned in frustration. I started to rub her again, but this time when she started thrusting, I gave her labia a firm smack. She grunted and her body jerked. She looked at me again, and, despite the smiling caricature on her face, I could tell she was getting angry with me. I didn't care, what was she gonna do? I noticed her clit was standing at attention and got a wicked idea. I flicked her thigh to get her attention and pulled my middle finger back with my thumb, ready to flick her again. I moved my hand toward her clit, and she began shaking her head as she figured out what I was about to do. I just nodded and smiled. I released my finger, and it sailed right into her clit. She screamed through her gag and fell to her knees. Liz was right. Painslut was still smiling, or at least her painted-on face was. But that was good enough for me. I stood up as she curled into a ball as best she could.

Just then, my Mistress and her friend entered, leading the crawling blindfolded girls.
"Hello, Mistress. Hello, Miss Liz."
"So polite! You've trained her well, Tara," she turned to me "did you and Painslut have fun?"
"Yes Miss Liz," as I answered, I noticed I had gotten moist.
Liz walked over and pulled Painslut to her feet. She spun Painslut from side to side, and bent down to look at her lower lips. Liz ran a finger across the girl's slit and held it to my face.
"I can tell. Open."
She inserted her finger into my mouth as I cleaned the other girl's juices off it.
"Well," she said as I sucked her finger "now we need a way to cool off the little slut. Any ideas, Tara?" She pulled her finger from my mouth.
"Actually, I do have one," my mistress grinned cruelly "slave, go into the kitchen and fill a big bowl full of ice cubes."

In the kitchen, I wondered what they were going to do to the girl. I was certain of one thing, I didn't want to be in her place. I grabbed two ice trays from the freezer and twisted each one over a large plastic bowl. I brought the bowl of ice to the playroom and handed it to my Mistress.
"Now the fun can begin, slave. Sit back and watch."
I moved to the side and hopped up on a table to watch the show, shifting occasionally because of the chastity belt.

My Mistress fished an ice cube out of the bowl and stuck it in her mouth. She did the same to two other ice cubes, then approached Painslut, who was standing up again. She held an ice cube up for the girl to see, and bent down in front of her. The girl's gaze followed my Mistress and the gears clicked in her head. Painslut began shaking her head. She looked over to Liz and begged with her eyes. Liz just winked and blew her a kiss. The painslut shut her eyes as tight as she could and surrendered to the inevitable. She moaned as the ice cube touched her sex. I instinctively closed my legs, trying to imagine the cold. My Mistress pushed it past her lips and forced the other two in after. The girl shook as my Mistress held the cubes in.
"You are going to keep those in until they're all melted. Liz, grab me a pair of latex panties out of my room, Would you? You'll find them in the second drawer in the closet."

Liz dashed off to retrieve the requested item as my Mistress lowered the groaning girl onto her back and raised her legs.
"Will these do?" Liz returned and tossed a pair of shiny red briefs to my Mistress.
"Perfect, now hold her legs still while I get them on."
Liz walked over and stood with a foot planted on each side of the girl's grinning, cartoony face. She grabbed Painslut's legs behind the knee and sat down hard on her face.
"Hey Tara, how about putting some in her back door, too?"
"You are such a bitch, Liz," Mistress said, laughing.
"Damn straight."

Mistress pulled four ice cubes from the bowl and sucked on each one for a moment before shoving them past the tortured girl's rear entrance. The girl's groans, which had by that point become pathetic whimpers, started back up. Her muffled cries filled the room as Mistress pushed the last ice cube inside her. They pulled the panties onto the girl and stood her up. She looked from Liz, to Mistress, then to me, and hung her head. Her knees together, Liz and Mistress had to support her to keep her from curling up onto the floor again.
"Now what?" Mistress asked.
"Well, I kinda want to wait till the ice melts, so let's stick her to the wall."
They clipped one of the rings in Painslut's collar to a hook on one of the walls.
"Okay," Mistress continued ,"I'm all for watching her dance, but maybe we could do something else while we wait for the ice to melt."
"Well, we could play with yours."

My eyes went wide when Liz said that. Play with me? Uh-oh.&nbsp; I was still sore from the last time Mistress played with me, she had locked a vibrator in me and whipped me with a riding crop every time I moved until the battery died. My poor boobies still had welts.
"Good thinking, Liz."
Damn it.
"Slave, Liz hasn't gotten a chance to see your chastity belt, don't you think you should show it to her?"
"Yes, Mistress," I said, resigned to my fate.
I walked over and lifted my skirt. Liz fondled the lock and panel.
"Top of the line. She can't even get a finger in with the panel on. This is a good model."
"That's why I bought it. She's had it on for 10 straight days."
They continued talking about me as if I wasn't there while I obediently held my skirt up.
"So, Liz, what have you got in mind?" my Mistress asked.
"I have a couple ideas, but first," she turned to me, "sit down with your legs folded, lean back on your hands, and tilt your head upwards."
I assumed the described position. Liz stood over me as I stared up her skirt. I saw her panties for the first time, they were a childish pink pair with a large white bunny head on the back. She sat down hard on my face, almost knocking me backwards.
"Liz," Mistress asked "What are you-"

Just then Liz blew a loud fart onto my face. I gagged and stumbled backwards onto the floor, my eyes watering. I heard Liz and my Mistress laughing.
"I can't believe you just did that, Liz," Mistress said, holding her nose.
"What, you mean you haven't?"
"No, but I should give it a shot sometime."
I lay on the floor, wondering how my Mistress could be so cruel to me.&nbsp; I looked over at Painslut. She was still wriggling in a desperate but futile attempt to relieve herself of the cold ice inside her. There was water running down her thigh.

"You so should," Liz continued "Have you ever made her drink your piss?"
"No, but I've mad her lick me after peeing a few times."
"That doesn't count. I mean pissing in her mouth."
I didn't like the direction this conversation was taking. I still could barely stand to lick my Mistress after she peed.
"No. I haven't," my Mistress responded.
"Well, want to?"
"Sure, why not?"
"Great, grab that funnel gag you bought from the shop last week, and you," Liz delivered a vicious kick to my belly, causing me to jerk and double over in pain.
"Hey, don't be so rough with her," my Mistress said, giggling.
"Heh, sorry Tara, I forgot I was dealing with your slave for a second."
She apologized to my Mistress? I was the one who had been kicked.
"Slave, strip and kneel," my Mistress' voice brought me back to reality.
"Yes, Mistress." I obeyed, and was soon nude, except for my heels and chastity belt.

Mistress fastened the funnel gag to my face. It was essentially a leather strap with a short tube going from a hole in the strap to a large funnel hanging limply. Liz hiked up her skirt and pulled her panties to her knees. Then she grabbed the funnel and held it to her slit. My Mistress walked over and cuffed my hands behind my back.
"Ready, girl?" Liz asked
I looked at my Mistress, pleading with my eyes, but received no sympathy. I looked up at Liz, but could only see the undersides of her boobs.

Liz let a stream of urine flow. The acrid taste was overwhelming. I started sputtering and tried to back away, only to be held in place by my Mistress.
"Drink," she whispered into my ear. I started swallowing as quickly as I could, breathing through my nose when I could.

When Liz was finally finished, I had a slight queasy feeling in my stomach, and a terrible bitter taste in my mouth.
"I never get tired of doing that," Liz laughed, "let's check in on Painslut."
They left me kneeling on the floor as they walked over to the bound girl. She had stopped her squirming, and was now handing limply with a large puddle of water underneath her. Liz raised her leg backwards, and brought it square into the girl's crotch, causing her to shriek through her gag, and her body to attempt to curl up.

Mistress pulled the latex panties off the girl, causing more water to rush out of her and increase the puddle on the floor.
"Hey Tara, do you have any wooden stocks?"
"I think so," Mistress walked over to a large crate and fished through its contents before pulling out what looked like two wooden slabs, one with three holes, the other with two. She also held a pair of long steel bars with circles on each end. She pulled the wooden slabs apart and set half of each one on the floor. Liz unclipped Painslut's wrists from her and laid her on the floor. The slabs were locked around her neck, wrists, and ankles, then the bars were locked onto the slabs, forcing the girl's rear in the air. She was almost completely immobilized. Liz retrieved the blindfolded girls and set one at each of Painslut's feet.
"Get licking," she commanded.
Painslut's eyes shut tight and she started struggling in the stocks as the girls tickled her feet with their tongues.

"So, what do you want to do to her, Liz?" Mistress asked.
"You got a pair of canes?"
"Sure."
Mistress grabbed 2 wooden canes from the trunk and tossed one to Liz, who brought it down onto the girl's bottom.
*WHACK*
Painslut grunted.
"That answer your question?" Liz asked.
Mistress laughed and whacked the poor girl's butt with her cane. The girl moaned again behind her gag.

Liz and Mistress continued until the girl's bottom was covered with red welts and she had tears streaming down her mask. Liz unlocked Painslut's restraints and hugged her tight. As the girl hugged back, Liz swatted ber abused backside causing her to cry out. Liz wagged her finger before the girl's grinning mask.
"You got any ideas Tara?"
"I've got a treadmill, wanna watch her run?"
"I like the way you think."
"Great, the treadmill's in my bedroom," Mistress turned to the blindfolded girls "will they be alright?"
"Should be fine," Liz walked over to me and unlocked my handcuffs "girl, tie their collars to the wall or something, then come join us, and bring 2 whips."
"Yes, Miss Liz," I said as they left the room with Painslut in tow.
I stuck a finger in each of the girls' collars and pulled them to their feet. I led them over to the wall and secured both of their collars to the hook Painslut had been attached to. I teased one with a gentle rub across her moist sex. As she approached climax, I gave her groin a harsh slap, grabbed a pair of whips and went to my Mistress' bedroom.

When I entered, Mistress and Liz already had Painslut running on the treadmill while they sat on Mistress' bed. Liz was twirling the chain that had connected the girl's ankles. I handed the whips to our owners and knelt on the floor. I watched the girl run on the treadmill. Her striped butt shook and her breasts jiggled with every step. Her eyes were clenched shut and her cartoonish face was still grinning, happy as ever. My hands migrated towards my slit, only to meet cold steel.&nbsp; I sighed in frustration and noticed her relax slightly. Next thing I knew Mistress had swung the whip in an arc that ended at the girl's abused bottom. She groaned behind her gag as Liz approached the treadmill, a cruel grin on her face. She fiddled with the settings and the speed increased, forcing the girl to do likewise.

*THUD*
Painslut groaned as she finally slid off the treadmill and into a wall. We approached her and I noticed her body was covered in a shiny layer of sweat.
"She gonna be okay," my Mistress asked.
"Should be. She just needs a rest."
"Okay. Slave, help her to my bed and keep an eye on her."
"Right away, Mistress."
Our owners left and I lifted the girl to her feet and laid her on the bed. Her breathing was ragged and she barely moved. I mouthed 'you okay?' and she nodded. Good, now I could have some fun with her. I stuck my fingers in her nipple rings and pulled upward. She didn't even moan. She just begged with her eyes, but she would receive no sympathy from me. I held her rings away from her body for a while before releasing them. I watched her boobs dance. I raised my arm and looked her in the eye. She slowly shook her head. I nodded and she closed her eyes in defeat. I brought my hand down on her right breast, watching it dance once more. I repeated with her left breast and continued until both of her breasts were a bright pink. I smiled and sat back.

Not long after, Liz and Mistress entered the room.
"She okay, slave?" my Mistress asked.
"I don't know, Mistress. She seems completely exhausted. I don't think she can take any more."
"That's too bad," Liz said as she walked over to us.
She pulled the girl's hood off and took the plugs from her ears. It occurred to me that this was the first time I had seen her face. She had short brown red hair that was matted with sweat. Liz pulled the tape from aroumd her mouth.
"You did very well today," Liz told her.
"Thank... you... Mistress," the girl said between breaths.
"Do you need some water?"
"Yes... Mistress."
Liz turned to me "go and get a glass of water."
"Right away Miss Liz."

When I returned, the girl was sitting up with Liz holding her and my Mistress sitting by Liz. I handed Liz the glass and she held it to the girl's lips. The girl gulped it down as quickly as she could.
My Mistress spoke, "it's getting late, you gonna take her home?"
"Yeah. Her and the other two. Did you enjoy yourself, Painslut?"
"Very much, Mistress."
"Good," she turned to my Mistress "we'll have to do this again sometime."
"We should."

Liz got up and I helped her get Painslut to the car. It had already gotten dark. Mistress retrieved the blindfolded girls and met us outside. Liz pressed a button on the key and the trunk popped open.
"Put the girls in the trunk, Tara."
"You sure?"
"Sure am. I'd put Painslut back there, but I think she's earned front seat privileges today."
Mistress led the girls to the back of the car and helped them into the trunk. When she was finished, she closed the trunk, and came to where I was helping Liz buckle Painslut's seat belt. Liz hugged my Mistress when we had finished.
"It was good seeing you again, Tara," She walked behind me and squeezed my butt "and it was nice meeting your slave, too. Maybe next time we can play with her some more."
I shuddered.
"Maybe," Mistress said, grinning.
Liz got into her car and drove off. As I watched her tail lights disappear, I wondered what they had in store for me. My Mistress' voice brought me back to reality.
"Come on, slave. It's time for you to give me a little pleasure."

As I followed my beautiful Mistress into her house, I wondered if I would be getting any pleasure tonight.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dontmindme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





