BDSM Library - Suffering for Penny




Suffering for Penny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Penny lives in a world where slavery is the norm. We join her on the morning of her 18th birthday as she receives her first slave.






Suffering for Penny

Chapter 1

Penny's eyes slowly opened. She pulled her arms from under the blanket and rubbed her tired eyes. Today was the day. She was finally turning 18. And daddy had promised her a special present today. She lazily got out of bed and gathered the clothes she wanted to wear today. She headed to the bathroom to prepare for her big day. She stripped and admired her body in the full length mirror. She took a moment to look at her cute blonde hair, then ran her hands down her body. Caressing her perky breasts. They were a little large for her 5'7" frame, but she never complained. A smile crossed her lips as she thought about today. Finally 18. She ran the water, and stepped in when it got warm.

As Penny prepared for today, her father was in the kitchen, on the phone with a subordinate.
"Yes, prepare them all an hour early. Yes, all of them! Of course you'll get overtime, just have them ready by 10:00."
He was preparing for his daughter's big day as well. He owned one of the largest slave auction houses within 25 miles, and the person on the other end of the phone was the shift-manager, who now had to call everyone in an hour early to get all the slaves ready. The slaves are normally prepared for display once a month: on auction day. But today was a special day.

Penny stepped out of the shower and started drying herself off. She checked herself out in the mirror once more before dressing. When she exited the bathroom, she was wearing a short black skirt, and a tiny sleveless top that showed off her flat tummy and ample cleavage.

"Happy birthday, Penny!"
She jumped in surprise and almost fell backwards on her butt.
"You know I hate when you guys do that!" she chided.
"You know we have to, Penny," said her mother as she hugged Penny.
"Penny," her father said, "I know you just got up, but we need to be at the auction house in 20 minutes. I hate to do this-"
"No, it's alright," Penny interrupted, "I wanted to get there as quickly as possible, anyway."
"Well, let me know when you're ready."
"Okay, dad."

Penny quickly devoured the eggs and bacon her mother had made for her. She didn't have to cook, since their home had a staff large enough to create a small army, but she wanted to do this for her daughter.

"Good morning, Mister Adams," Penny turned to see Mark, head of her father's 'assistants' and his closest friend. He was 27 years old and basically muscle hired by her father to protect them. Penny wondered how, in this day and age, anyone could object so strongly to slavery.

"Good morning, Mark."
"Hi, Mark," Penny greeted her father's assistant.
"Hey, Penny. Congratulations on your big day!"
"Thanks!"
"Penny, if we don't leave soon, we're going to be late."
"Sure dad, but you still haven't told me where we're going."
"You'll see when we get there," her father teased.
"Meanie!"
Penny and her father headed to the door and got into the car. As her father drove off, Penny looked back at her home. It always amazed her just how large their house was.

While Penny was on her way, the slaves at the auction house were being prepared. They were&nbsp; each cleaned, inside and out and led into a long corridor. Each slave was locked into an adjustable brace and a rubber ballgag placed in their mouths. The brace consisted of two poles, with adjustable cuffs for their ankles and wrists, a movable collar section, and a nameplate on the right side with some information on each slave. No sooner had the last slave been placed on display, than Penny had arrived at the auction house.

"My own slave?" Penny asked excitedly as her father led her to the building.
"Yes. I think it's time you learned how to train a slave, and eventually take over the auction house."
Penny held her father in a tight embrace, "Thank you so much, daddy!"
"And Penny."
"Yeah?"
"If you need any help, don't be afraid to ask Mark."
"I'll keep that in mind."

Penny's father led her through the corridor where the slaves were.
"You know where my office is, Penny. Come get me when you're ready. And if you need assistance, the workers here will be glad to answer any questions or give you any help you need."
"Sure thing, dad. See ya."
"See ya."

Penny walked to and fro in the corridor, going from slave to slave. Some were male, some female, some tall, short, thin, chubby, white, black. There were all kinds of slaves for Penny to choose from. Penny approached a male slave and stroked his member to full hardness, then left him wanting. She smiled to herself, enjoying the power she had over other human beings. Something caught her eye. She liked this one. As she approached, the girl started babbling something through her gag. Penny read the slave's nameplate. Shannon Williams.&nbsp; Penny had already decided she wanted this girl, but tried to appear nonchalant. Shannon continued her garbled pleas as Penny inspected her. She was a little chubby, but the girl looked cute with the tiniest bit of extra body fat. Penny lifted one of the girl's large breasts and held it in her hand, pretending to inspect it, giving it a squeeze. She then knelt down and felt her crotch. She pulled on the girl's pubic hair, causing her to moan through her gag. Penny moved behind the immobile girl and held her brown hair in a ponytail for a moment before letting it fall back to her shoulders. She bent down and spread the girl's asscheeks apart. She sucked on her finger for a moment and jammed it up the surprised girl's ass, causing her to squirm. Penny stood back up and slapped the girl's ass before making her way to her father's office.
"Hi, Penny. You've made your decision?"
"Yep."

Back in the corridor, Shannon didn't know what to make of what had just happened to her. How did she end up here? She never should have gone to the casino. She closed her eyes and wept. She noticed one of the workers approaching her and tried to stop her tears.
"You've been bought by the boss's daughter, slave," the man said to her.
What was he talking about?
He quickly had her off the brace and her hands cuffed behind her back. She hung her head as he led her away.

Penny sat in her father's office, fiddling with this and that. A woman entered.
"Miss Adams, your purchase is ready.
"Finally."
"Before you go, Penny," her father said to her, "I'll have Mark give you a lift home, he'll be here in a bit."
"Okay, dad, see you tonight."
Penny turned and followed the woman to a room and saw a figure clad in shiny black latex in the center. Penny approached the figure to discover that it was Shannon. The&nbsp; girl's wrists chained to a steel collar around her neck and hands held in the shape of a fist by special mittens. She also wore a pair of black 6" heels on her feet that appeared to be part of the latex suit. Penny could see none of the girl's skin, except a small amount around her brown eyes and two holes over her nose. The only other evidence that there was a girl in the black latex was a brown ponytail that emerged from an opening on the back of the hood.

Shannon tried to speak, but even though the gag had been removed, the tight hood kept her from moving her mouth. Her words were garbled and her pleas went unanswered. She saw Penny approach her and shut her eyes tight, trying to will all of this away. Penny ran her hands across the girl's latex skin, imagining what she'd do when they got home. The woman clipped a leash to the girl's collar and handed the leash to Penny.
"Enjoy," she said to Penny, who grinned wickedly.
Penny took the girl to the entrance and forced her to her knees. She then pushed her forward so she was resting on her elbows and knees. Penny then sat on the girl's back and waited for Mark to show up.

Shannon was baffled. Not a month ago she had been a normal girl with a normal life, now she was on the ground in a latex suit with a girl sitting on her back. She looked through her tears at the floor and wished it would swallow her up. She was brought back to reality by a swat on her backside. She looked up and saw a huge behemoth of a man approaching.
"Hey Penny, you ready to get going?" the man asked
"Sure am, Mark," the girl on her back replied.
The man turned and walked back to a car, the girl followed, tugging on Shannon's leash. Shannon stood and followed unsteadily until the three arrived at a limousine. Mark held open a door for Penny, who, instead of getting in led Shannon to the back of the car. Mark knew what she had intended, and without a word, popped open the trunk with the push of a button.

When Shannon realized what Penny had in mind, she looked at the girl and begged with her eyes. Penny just pointed into the trunk. Shannon shook her head back and forth, silently begging not to be locked in there like a suitcase. Penny leaned in close and whispered at Shannon.
"If you don't get in there right now, I will give you to Mark tonight and let him have as much fun as he wants with you."
The latex girl closed her eyes in surrender and climbed into the trunk. It was a tight fit, she had to scrunch her body up with her knees on her chest. Everything went black as Penny shut the lid.

Penny read over the girl's file as Mark drove her home. Shannon had been sold as a slave to cover a gambling debt she incurred. This normally doesn't happen to people in debt, but Shannon was different. She had taken out huge loans and lost it all at a nearby casino. That was about three weeks ago. Penny read on. Shannon was 19 years old, and had a birthday coming up. 'I'll have to keep that in mind' Penny thought as she kept reading. No piercings, no tattoos, never even broken a bone. 'Tabula Rasa' Penny thought to herself and leaned back. Her hands found their way between her legs.
"Hey Mark?"
"What's up?"
"Do me a favor please. Swerve and make a sharp turn."
"Yes ma'am," Mark smiled as he swerved around a corner.
*THUD*
 A muffled "Mmmmmh" came from the trunk.
Penny chuckled to herself, she couldn't wait to get home.

Penny unbuckled her seat belt as the car pulled into the driveway. She got out and walked behind the car and knocked on the lid. The trunk popped open, revealing the latex covered girl, still scrunched up in the trunk. Penny grabbed the leash and pulled the girl from the trunk. She gave the leash to Mark.
"Take her to the basement and lock her in the cell. You know the one. Strip her or tie her up if you want, but don't fuck her. At least not yet."
Shannon shuddered at these words, and thought about running, but knew she wouldn't get far in her latex and heels. She hung her head as Mark led her away.

As Shannon was led inside, she marveled at how huge this house was. Inside, she saw a woman on a couch, watching TV. She got up to greet the man holding her leash.
"Welcome back, Mark. Is this the one?"
"Sure is, Mrs. Adams. Penny chose the girl herself. She wants her in the cell."
"I won't keep you."
The man led Shannon through a hallway and unlocked a door. Shannon saw a set of stairs that led into a dark room. She followed the man down the stairs. As he turned on the light, Shannon blinked and let her eyes adjust. It was a small room with not much in it. There was a set of steel bars in one corner that went from the floor to the ceiling, creating a crude cell. Inside the cell was a toilet, sink, mattress and blanket. There were a few cupboards and shelves and a door across the room from the cell.

Mark pulled Shannon's hood off and finally got a look at her face.
"Please-"
"Don't bother," Mark interrupted "Penny doesn't want me to fuck you, but she didn't say anything about beating you if you misbehave."
Mark shoved her into the cell and followed her in, locking the door behind him. He unhooked her wrists from her collar and locked one to the bars. Shannon shut her eyes, wishing she was somewhere else as Mark stripped the latex from her skin, exposing her breasts. He clipped her wrist from the cage and pulled the rest of the suit off, leaving her nude, except her collar and cuffs. He quickly cuffed her hands outside the cell, and cuffed her ankles together. Shannon shivered as Mark's hands explored her. Why was this happening? What was going to happen to her?

"Having fun?" Penny's voice echoed through the room.
"Hey Penny."
"Now, Mark, don't you think it's rude to play with someone else's things. Especially before I get a chance to have my fun?"
Mark sighed "Sorry, Penny. I guess I got a little excited."
"Don't worry about it."
Mark was heading up the stairs as Penny spoke again.
"Don't be like that, you'll get your turn."
Mark grinned "if you need any help, Penny-"
"I'll be sure to come get you."

The door clicked as Mark left. Penny unclipped Shannons cuffs from the bars.
"Sorry about that, sometimes he gets a bit selfish."
Shannon was sitting on the matress with her face in her hands. She said something unintelligible.
"Beg pardon?"
"Please-"
"Please what?" Penny interrupted, "please let you go? You'll do anything? Listen. My dad owns the auction house you were just at. I've heard it all before."
Shannon sniffled and felt tears forming in her eyes. Penny entered the cell and put her arm around the girl.
"Hey, now," she said sweetly, "don't be like that. Look. You'll be fed every day, and if you're a good girl and obey me, you won't even need to be punished that much."
Penny lied. She'd find any pretense to punish her.
"Come on," Penny pulled the girl from the cage and stood her in the center of the room. She pulled up a chair and sat down as Shannon stood there, trying to cover herself with her hands.
"Kneel facing me, and hands at your sides. If I want you covered, I'll tell you. You're going to need to learn a few things."
Shannon hesitated for a moment, then closed her eyes and obeyed. 'That's one punishment for being too slow and one for covering herself' Penny thought to herself. She crossed her legs, knowing the girl would see up her skirt.
"So," Penny spoke up, "you got a name?"
"Sh- Shannon. My name is Shannon."
"Shannon, huh? My name is Penelope, but my friends call me Penny. You, however, will call me Mistress. Understand?"
"Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes, Mistress, I understand."
"Another thing. You aren't a person anymore."
Shannon hung her head and felt tears forming again.
"Hey," Penny nudged her chin with a foot, "you're not an 'I' or a 'me' anymore. You're an 'it' now. You will refer to yourself as 'your slave' or 'this slave' from now on. Got it?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Good. We'll also have to come up with a new name for you. 'Shannon' is a person's name. No good for a slave. How about I call you 'slavegirl' for now, and if I think of a better one, we'll use that."
The kneeling girl buried her face in her hands and started crying.
"Please no," she begged, "please don't do this to me."

Penny decided this would be a perfect time to teach her new slave some manners. Penny stood and pulled slavegirl to her feet by her hair.
"I think it's time for a punishment," Penny pulled slavegirl by the hair through the door. The room was similar to the one they had just left, but this one had several pieces of bondage furniture. Penny dragged slavegirl over to a sawhorse and strapped her over it, her legs held apart by cuffs at the base.
"You were slow in obeying me, you tried to hide yourself from me, and you spoke without respect or permission."
"Please don't," slavegirl begged.
"Shut up! If you say one more word, I'll give you to Mark until tomorrow."
Tears flowed down slavegirl's face as she tried not to make any sound. Penny got a cane from off a shelf and swung it through the air, making slavegirl flinch.
"I am going to cane you twenty times on your ass, slavegirl. You earned this punishment. You need to learn that your only purpose in life now is to please me in whatever way you can."

Penny raised her arm as high as she could and brought the cane down hard on the bound girl's bottom, causing her to scream. Penny watched a welt form on the girl's backside and smiled to herself.
"One," said Penny.
She swung the cane again, this time landing on slavegirl's thighs. She let out a shriek as the cane left another angry red welt on her skin.
"Two."
Penny lifted the cane and aimed for slavegirl's fleshy ass cheeks. The cane landed just below the first welt, leaving another nasty red mark.
"Three."
Slavegirl was sobbing at this point. It took every ounce of concentration not to beg for the pain to stop. She would rather die than be used by Mark.
"Four."
Slavegirl cried out as the cane connected with her thighs again, leaving another angry welt.

By the time Penny was finished, slavegirl's ass and thighs felt like they were on fire. Penny pulled the girl from the sawhorse and led her back to the cell. As Penny locked the door, slavegirl's face was stained with tears. Penny listened to her slave's sobs for a moment before turning out the light, leaving slavegirl in darkness again.









Chapter 2:

"Hey Penny!"
Penny turned to see her neighbor, Jake, approaching. He was a few years olderthan her, and she'd always had a crush on him, but never told anyone.
"Hi, Jake."
"I hear you finally got yourself a slave, huh?"
"Sure did! Already hat to punish her, you believe that?"
"Jeez. Maybe we should put one of mine in with her. Talk some sense into her."
"Sure, couldn't hurt. Maybe we could go do something while they're having their slave talk."
"What did you have in mind?"
Penny grinned coyly, "you'll just have to wait and see. Go get one of yours and I'll lock her in with mine. Then we'll go have some fun."

Slavegirl was lying on the mattress, crying softly to herself as the lights came on.
"Wakey wakey!" Penny's voice rang out in the cold room.
"I've brought you a playmate. Say hi!"
Slavegirl looked up to see a Penny leading a nude blonde girl on a leash. She was on all fours, her voluptuous breasts swinging between her arms with each step.
Slavegirl mustered a meek "hello" as Penny grabbed some rope and brought the girl into the cell. The only resistance slavegirl offered was quiet weeping as Penny began hogtying her.

When Penny was done with her, slavegirl's wrists were tied to her ankles behind her back. Her hair was in a ponytail that was tied to her wrists, forcing her head upright and her breasts into the ground. Penny unclipped the leash from the crawling girl and locked them both in the cell.
"You two play nice now," Penny giggled to herself as she left to meet Jake.

Slavegirl spoke after Penny was gone, "please, untie me."
"This slave is sorry, but she isn't allowed to untie you," the girl said in a meek voice.
"Not allowed?!" slavegirl struggled against the ropes binding her.
"That's right. Master and Mistress have both instructed this slave not to untie you."
Slavegirl struggled again before closing her eyes and crying. She felt a hand wiping the tears from her cheeks.
"Don't cry, you should be glad."
"And why is that?" slavegirl asked sharply.
"Because your Mistress has taken the time to discipline you and make you a better slave."
"You mean the cane marks across my ass? How could I not be grateful?" slavegirl said sarcastically.
"This slave is sad when she disappoints her Master, but is grateful for his correction."
Slavegirl sighed, 'there's just no getting through to her,' she thought.
"Whatever," slavegirl said, "so, what's your name?"
"This slave's Master has never given her a name," the girl said sadly, "when Master calls for this slave, he refers to her as 'slave 3.' Your Mistress told this slave that your name is slavegirl."
"My name is Shannon!" slavegirl shouted.
"But your Mis-"
"That bitch is not my mistress! My name is Shannon," slavegirl's voice cracked and she started sobbing again.
"Shhhh, it's okay," slave 3 comforted slavegirl.
"Okay? How is it okay?!" slavegirl asked with tears running down her face.
"Your Mistress chose you. She'll take care of all your needs and all you have to do in return is make her happy."
"But she-"
"Shhhh," slave 3 put a finger on the bound girl's lips, "being a slave's not so bad. You'll see."
Slave 3 lied next to slavegirl and held her sobbing, bound form.

The next thing either slave remembers is the sound of the door opening and their owners descending down the stairs into the room. Slave 3 quickly knelt facing Jake and Penny.
"Welcome back, Sir. Welcome back, Miss Penny."
"Hello, slave 3. Did you enjoy your little slave talk?" Jake asked as Penny snickered.
"Yes, Sir. Your slave enjoyed speaking with a new slave."
"Glad to hear it," he turned to Penny, "wanna have some fun with one of them?"
"Sure, but let's do yours. We can show mine how a good slave behaves. Besides, I really want to play with those fun bags."
"Okay, you go ahead and get her out, I'll grab some cuffs."
Penny unlocked the cell and pulled her to her feet. She led the girl over to Jake, who locked a pair of cuffs onto her wrists and clipped them to the collar. The two of them then led the girl to a wall with some hooks and chains and locked the collar to a hook.

"I'll go grab some toys, and then the fun can begin," Penny grinned wickedly.
Jake noticed the look of fear in his slave's eyes and put his hand on her shoulder. He leaned in and whispered in her ear. The girl nodded and the fear in her eyes was replaced with determination and resolve.

Penny returned with a pair of black binder clips, a lighter, some candles of various colors, a crop, cane, a cat-o-nine-tails, and the same wicked grin on her face. She lit a green and red candle and set them on the floor. She handed the crop to Jake and kept the cane for herself and placed the rest of the toys on the floor next to the lit candles.
"You go first, Penny," Jake said.
"Alrighty," Penny turned to the girl, "I want you to thank me for each strike, understood?"
"Yes, Miss Penny."
Penny raised her arm back and quickly brought the cane down just above the girl's nipples.
*THWACK*
"Thank you, Miss Penny," the girl barely winced.
Penny swung the cane a second time, leaving a second stripe just above where the first had landed.
"Unh- thank you, Miss Penny," still barely any response.
Penny eyed the stripes left by the cane and swung again, this time landing square across the girls nipples.
"Aaahh! Th-thank you, Miss Penny."
Just the response Penny was hoping for. She could feel herself getting hot as she swung the cane a fourth time.
"Aah! Thank y-you, Miss Penny."
Penny saw a tear rolling down the girl's face and grinned as she swung the cane again.
"Aaah! Thank you, Miss Penny."

This continued for another half hour. Penny brought the cane down onto the girl's breasts, the girl thanked her, and it repeated. When Penny was through, the girl's breasts were criss-crossed with angry red lines and tears were flowing freely down her face. Slavegirl wondered at how the girl never once begged for mercy. She had no way of knowing that Jake had promised the girl a reward if she made it through today's abuse without requesting mercy.

Jake walked over to his slave and whispered again in her ear. The girl nodded and spoke weakly, "if it pleases You, Master."
Jake nodded and unhooked the girl from the wall. Before she knew what had happened, she was clipped back to the wall, facing it with her ass undefended and her sore breasts pressing into the wall. Penny grabbed the crop, and tossed the cane to Jake.
"Ready?" Penny asked him after resting her arm for a moment.
"Ready," Jake replied.

Penny swung the crop hard. The girl groaned as it connected with her buttocks. Jake quickly swung the cane, aiming lower. This time the girl let out a loud, pained groan. Jake and Penny continued alternately swinging their implements for the next half hour, mostly striking connecting with the girl's soft rump, but an occasional stroke connected with her upper thighs.

Jake unclipped his slave from the wall and led her towards the door.
"Hey! I wanted to do more!" Penny whined.
"Me too, but look at her. She won't be sitting down for a week. I don't think she can take much more."
"Come ooooon," Penny pouted.
"Another time, Penny," Jake said as he led his slave out of the room.

After Jake had left, Penny turned her gaze to slavegirl.
"Looks like it's your turn," Penny said mischievously before heading to the next room to get a few toys.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dontmindme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





