BDSM Library - The Household Slave




The Household Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Pete just got kicked out of his apartment, but he's lucky enough to find a job as a live-in house cleaner for a trio of roommates.






The Household Slave


Pete looked at the address in the classified ad and compared it to the numbers on the house. After making sure the numbers matched, he read the ad once more: "Three roommates seek someone to help with housework, chores, etc. Must relocate." He considered leaving, but where would he go? He raised arm and knocked. He was about to knock again when the sound of the door unlocking stopped him. A cute red-haired girl greeted him.
"You here about the ad?"
"Yes, I am."
"Come in and make yourself comfortable."
He went in and sat in a chair, the girl sat in a couch across from him.
"My name is Violet," she introduced herself.
"Pete."
"Alright, Pete, there are some things you should know. I live in this house with two roommates: Monica and Nicole, and you're going to need to move in when you starf. We've all got jobs, and Nicole attends a nearby college, so between the three of us, we have very little time to get housecleaning and whatnot done. I work nights, Nicole works part-time on Tuesdays and Thursdays with classes the rest of the week. Monica has a full time day job. What I'm saying is that there will always be someone here at home, in case you were thinking of..." her voice trailed off.
"I understand," said Pete.
"You're going to need to follow orders, can you do that?"
"Yes, I can."
"So," she continued, "what brings you here?"
"Well, I've just been kicked out of my apartment, and I figure that this will give me a place to stay and make a little money."
Violet grinned as she heard this.
"Of course," she said, "You'll be doing general household chores- dusting, vacuuming, dishwashing, and maybe some cooking. Can you cook?"
"I'm not exactly an expert chef, but yeah, I can cook fairly well."
"Great, another thing you should know: you may also be serving us in more- shall we say- intimate ways. Are you okay with that?"
'Jackpot,' Pete thought.
"Yeah, I'm alright with that."
"Good. One last thing. Obviously you're a man, and living with three girls, there may be some... Temptations," she let the word flow from her lips as she pulled a cock cage from her pocket, "and it's not that I don't trust you, it's your little thing I don't trust." She smiled as she said this.
"If you're going to be living here, you're going to need to wear this," she tossed it to him and he inspected it. It looked like a metal cage. 'Fuck,' Pete thought. Violet continued talking, "Before you start panicking, don't worry. We all know men have needs, and we're not monsters. We'll let you out every week if you've done a good job. And if you do move in, you will work for us for a year. Your earnings will be put into a savings account that you will be able to access in one year's time. I think that's everything. If you don't like these terms, feel free to walk right out that door."

Pete thought it over. 'Living with three girls, but wearing this device all the time. Damn. I don't know if I can handle that. But a whole year? Well it's not like I have anywhere else to go.'
"When can I start?"
"Right now, go into the restroom and lock that on," Violet said as she handed Pete a small padlock.
She watched him head into the next room and smiled to herself. This was going to be a fun year.

When he came back, Violet told him to drop his pants and underwear.
"What?"
"Well, I need to know you actually put it on, and that it doesn't slide off. So, come on. Drop 'em."
Pete pulled his pants down and hesitated at his underwear.
"Today, Pete," Violet said, trying to sound impatient.
Pete hooked his thumbs in the elastic and pulled down as his face went red. Violet reached out and grabbed Pete's steel-encased member, pretending not to notice him getting hard as she fiddled with the belt. When she was satisfied she got up and held out a key.
"This is the key to that lock there, I'm going to put it in a safe later with a time lock that is set to open in one week. But for now, I'll take you to my bedroom where you can get started. Follow me."
Pete followed Violet up some stairs, watching her ass sway in her tight jeans. He began to get hard and felt the cold steel embrace preventing him from becoming erect. He had now way to know that Violet was swaying her ass for his benefit. Violet led him through a doorway into her bedroom. It looked like a tornado had hit. There were bras, panties, shirts, pants, skirts, and socks all over the floor. Crumbs and a beer can or two decorated the carpet.
"Better get to work, now. The washing machine is downstairs at the end of the hall and the vacuum cleaner is in the closet across from my room. When you're done in here you can move on to Nicole's room and then Monica's."
Violet left him upstairs to his work. She sat in the couch downstairs listening to the sounds of Pete cleaning. She smiled to herself. She reached her hand down her pants thinking of what she had in store for him.


Violet's room was a mess, but Pete had managed to get it relatively clean in just under 40 minutes. Monica's room was a different story. As bad as Violet's was, Monica's room made it look like Buckingham Palace. There were ashtrays and cigarette butts strewn across the carpet and filthy articles of clothing everywhere. Sweat-stained bras and panties, food bits on shirts and the floor; it was a mess. He gathered her clothes and put them in a bag and set them in a corner. He cleared up the ashtrays and beer cans and started the vacuum cleaner.

Just as Pete had finished vacuuming Monica's bedroom, he heard Violet's voice from downstairs.
"Peeete! Come and meet Monica!"
'Perfect timing,' he thought. Pete dropped what he was doing and headed down the stairs. Sitting next to Violet was a pale raven-haired girl wearing a black crop top, black miniskirt, knee-high boots, and fishnet stockings.
"This him? He's kinda cute."
"Yep," Violet replied, "he already knows the arrangement, and locked the cage on himself earlier."
"Ooh, let me see," Monica got up and stood in front of him.
"You heard her, Pete. Show Monica."
Pete reluctantly dropped his pants again. Monica knelt in front of him and fiddled with the steel cage, being sure to give Pete an eyeful of her cleavage.
"Looks like someone likes me," Monica looked up at him seductively.
"Does it hurt when it gets hard?" she asked, her chin practically resting on the cage.
"Yes," Pete tried to concentrate on something other than the beauty at his crotch.
"Well," she continued, "I think I can help with that."
Before Pete knew what was happening, Monica had punched him right in the balls.
She bent down and cooed, "see? It's not hard anymore."
Violet giggled at Monica's antics as Pete writhed on the floor, holding his crotch.
"You're so mean, Monica," she said.
"You know it. With the cage and everything you told me on the phone, we basically own him. Is he busy cleaning? Can I play with him?"
'Play?' Pete thought. What had he signed up for?
"Sure. He'll have plenty of time for work later. Have your fun."
"Yay! Come on, Pete," she said as she ran up the stairs.
Pete turned to Violet, "Wait a minute-"
"What are you gonna do? Leave? Where to? And what about the cage?"
His stomach turned at those words. She was right. He had nowhere to go, and no way to get the device off. He sighed as he headed up the stairs to Monica's room.


"What's that?" Monica asked, pointing at the bag.
"Those are your dirty clothes."
"Okay. I think I want to see the rest of you now. Strip," Monica said.
"What? No."
"I don't think you understand," she got up and grabbed Pete's ears and forced him to the ground.
"See, you don't have a say in this. You do what we say, or you leave. Got that?"
"Ow! Yeah, I got it!" he practically yelled as she yanked his ears.
"Good. Now strip."
Pete quickly undid his pants and let them drop to the floor. His shirt went next. Monica grinned. He hesitated at his underwear. Monica glared at him and he quickly removed them. Monica got up and walked around him.
"I like what I see."
She went behind Pete and put her arms around his waist, pressing her breasts into his back. He felt himself getting hard and tried to concentrate on something unsexy. It was useless though, his member got hard in its cage as her hands grasped the steel device.
"Uh-oh. Someone's getting excited," Monica said seductively.
She abruptly pulled away from Pete and kicked him behind the knee, knocking him on the floor. She moved in front of him and sat on her bed.
"I think you should use your mouth to clean the bottoms of my shoes, Petey," she said as she leaned back and lifted her soles in front of his face, in the process giving him a scenic view of her white panties. Her soles were caked with dirt, grass, and what looked like mud.

Pete considered grabbing his clothes and walking out, but remembered Violet's words. Of course she was right. He decided he'd make a break for it as soon as the belt was off, but for now, he had no choice but to obey these girls. 'This is going to be a long week,' he thought. He bent forward and ran his tongue across the hard bottoms of her shoes, collecting the dirt and grass in its path. He tried not to gag as he swallowed the filth. Monica snickered at him.
"Come on," she taunted, "you have a job to finish."
Pete closed his eyes and leaned in to give the sole of her boot another lick.

"Not bad," Monica said after Pete had finished his task, "Now lay down with your face up next to the bed."
Pete had a feeling he wouldn't like what was coming. She stripped off her boots and rested her feet on his face. Suddenly Pete's world was consumed by Monica's pungent feet. He moaned in disgust.
"You like that?" Monica asked, "I had to do a lot of walking today."
"Ugh, it's disgusting."
"Yep," she said cheerfully, "and you better get used to it, Petey."
Just then Pete heard Violet's voice.
"Jesus, Monica! What the hell?"
"What? Just having a bit of fun."
"Well at least try not to scare him too much! If he runs away, we'll need to find someone else to clean the place. And it'll be on you."
"Alright, alright," Monica lifted her feet from his face.
"Pete," Violet said to him, "Nicole's home, you should come meet her."
"Sure, let me just get dressed."
"Nope, I think we need to get them cleaned first, can't have you wearing filthy clothes, now come on. We don't want to keep her waiting," Violet grabbed the clothes before Pete could get them and headed downstairs.
Pete sighed as he followed Violet out of the room. 'Just one week,' he thought to himself.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dontmindme


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





