BDSM Library - Thursday Night Tough Torture




Thursday Night Tough Torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Extreme Toyland's Mistress Lisa performs a short live session of extreme nipple torture with her subs Elisa and Rick. Miss Crazy J. and new pain slut Vera perform next, exploring needles and heat play. Mistress Rachel and toy Jessica close the night with severe torture of Jessica's tits, pussy and ass. Expect extreme sadism and masochism in the cold-fact-style of Extreme Toyland's "A Visit From Meister Hans", "The Judas Cradle Session" and "The Sisters". Three sessions, three chapters.






Thursday Night Tough Torture
a Story in the realm of Extreme Toyland
by DolorDelectatio

- Synopsis -
Extreme Toyland's Mistress Lisa performs a short live session of extreme nipple torture with her subs Elisa and Rick. Miss Crazy J. and new pain slut Vera perform next, exploring needles and heat play. Mistress Rachel and toy Jessica close the night with severe torture of Jessica's tits, pussy and ass. Expect extreme sadism and masochism in the cold-fact-style of Extreme Toyland's "A Visit From Meister Hans", "The Judas Cradle Session" and "The Sisters". Three sessions, three chapters.



- Chapter 1 -

Lisa put the finishing touches on her makeup for tonight's live session for Extreme Toyland. She was about to perform with her toys Elisa and Rick for the opening of a special three-scene interactive session called "Thursday night Tough Torture". She was to start off the night with a quick but intense session with two subs. Miss Crazy J. was scheduled next with new pain slut Vera as her sub and the last session of the night would feature mistress Rachel with her toy Jessica.

As usual, Lisa had picked a script from the web site forums and altered it until it suited her style. Tonight's session featured some of the most extreme nipple torture she had ever performed on camera. It was inspired by a popular web video from another torture site, but specifically adapted for a male and a female sub.

Since Rick was her only male sub, his presence was a given. Elisa was picked because of her small tits. Of all the girls, her chest resembled a guy's chest the most, even though she sported a b-cup. This session was all about nipples, and Elisa's were perfect for it.

Lisa was a little nervous, because she had not tested today's torture beforehand. She had, however, studied the inspirational video over and over again and had seen Miss Crazy J's practice run on Lynn a couple of days ago. She was confident that she could pull it off herself. She chose to wear a yellow latex catsuit for the occasion, with white thigh high boots and a black leather semi-corset. 

In the second dressing room, Rick and Elisa were getting ready for the stage. They were shaven, showered and oiled and were fitted with the sparse bondage gear that was used for this session. All they knew is that it was going to be pretty intense. 

Elisa put her hair back in a ponytail while Rick fiddled with his ball stretchers. Both subs were fitted with leather cuffs around each wrist, but they were not connected together, yet. 

It was time to start the show. Lynn was monitoring the chat room for the session. She was in charge of taking requests and handling the interactive parts of the session. The big screen behind the cameras showed the number of viewers as well as the countdown timer for the show.

With two minutes to go, Elisa, Rick and Lisa walked to the production area and got in position: Lisa standing in the middle of the stage, Rick kneeled to her left, Elisa to her right. The subs were facing each other, about four feet apart. Both of them were fitted with a leather hood. Then the lights went off. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, ...

When the webcast started, the lights slowly came back on. It was a quiet start to a severe evening. The "on air" sign was lit and Lisa walked around her toys with a riding crop in her hands, dragging its tip over their skin. When she had completed a full 8-pattern, she stopped and smacked down on Rick's left nipple. She didn't wait for a response, but smacked down hard on the other one as well. Then she turned and hit Elisa's nipples as well. 

She returned to face Rick. She ran her hands over his chest, squeezing his enlarged nipples and tugging on them. Then she turned around and did the same with Elisa. 

"I'm going to have a lot of fun with those!" she said. "But first I'll need to prepare them properly."

She gestured to Daphne, who was waiting off-camera. The assistant walked up to her mistress and held up a small tray with a pair of pliers, elastrators, and&nbsp; dozens of plastic tie-rips on it. Lisa proceeded by taking the pliers and elastrators and stretching one of the bands wide open. 

First she tended to Rick and pulled his left nipple hard through the opened elastrator band, which was actually a castration band. She pressed the band hard against his chest, trying to capture his whole areola and enlarged nipple in it before letting the band snap shut. When it was in place, his nipple and areola looked like a small ball of flesh on his chest. Within a minute his other nipple received the same treatment. 

When it was Elisa's turn to get fitted with the castration bands, Lisa also pulled her nipples and areoles through the bands before snapping them shut.&nbsp; She then put the pliers back on Daphne's tray and grabbed a couple of plastic tie-rips. 

When she turned to Rick again, his tightly compressed nipples were turning a nice shade of purple already. Lisa took one of the small plastic tie-rips and placed it right in the middle between the castration band and the tip of Rick's left nipple. She tightened it as much as she could, slightly compressing her toy's nipple in the middle. After both nipples were fitted with additional compression from the tie-rips, she kept alternating between the two, tightening them more click by click. 

Elisa received the same treatment and it didn't take long before both pain sluts had their nipples look like tightly compressed tubes that were sticking out from their chests. Their color had turned from a dark, almost purple red to a glazy grey. 

Daphne was told to put the tray away and fetch something else. She came back with four small wooden blocks. Before Lisa took any of the blocks from her assistant, she used her riding crop to smack her toys' compressed nipples. Where they had not uttered a sound before, both Rick and Elisa grunted with every strike that came down on their tortured nipples.

"Ha!" Lisa exclaimed. "You think this hurts? We're still in the preparation stage of this session. Just wait and save your cries for the real stuff!" She put down her riding crop and inspected the tie-rips again, tightening them where possible.

Then she took one of the wooden blocks from Daphne and went over to Elisa. The blocks consisted of two parts: a top and bottom that were connected with two metal rods that ran through them and wingnuts at their top and bottom, so they could be clamped and tightened on Lisa's toys' nipples.

Slowly but surely, Lisa crushed the two wooden parts together over Elisa's left nipple. The top and bottom part were about two inches wide and one inch deep and Lisa positioned it so that it would compress the nipple totally from the castration band to the tip, putting extra pressure on the already tightened tie-rip as well.

Only the very tip of Elisa's left nipple was sticking out in front of the wooden clamp. Lisa tightened it well but not overly tight before fitting Elisa's other nipple with another wooden clamp. When they both were in place, Lisa ran her finger nails over Elisa's clamped and compressed nipples and tightened the wing nuts as much as she could.

Rick's nipples were fitted with the same clamps and Lisa went back and forth to tighten the wingnuts more and more, making sure they were as tight as possible.

"Still just preparation, dears!" Lisa said. Rick and Elisa must have been wondering what would come next, but they could not see a thing with their full hoods on. 

While Lisa was fiddling with the wing nuts, Daphne had already brought over another tray with stuff on it. 

"Cuff them now," Lisa said to her assistant. Daphne made sure the wrist cuffs were secured behind Rick's and Elisa's back. 

Lisa gestured to Lynn that it was time for her to post the first interactive element of this session in the chatroom. While Lynn posted the question, Lisa grabbed a thick but short meat skewer from the tray that Daphne had brought her and held it up to the camera's. She was also holding some kind of metal surgical hammer. 

It was up to the audience to decide who would get their nipples pierced first: Rick or Elisa. More than 80% of the votes went to Elisa, so Lisa got ready to hammer her female sub first. 

She positioned the tip of the skewer right in the middle of Elisa's compressed nipple and lined it up so that it could be hammered in straight from the front. While this was a pretty thick skewer with a 4 millimeter diameter, it had a very sharp tip. 

Lisa pushed the tip into Elisa's nipple and then quickly gave it a few taps with the hammer. The skewer slid in pretty easy through the stretched skin as Elisa shrieked through her hood. Lisa checked the depth with a second skewer and found that it had only gone in for about half an inch. That was good enough for the moment, though. Lisa shifted her attention to Elisa's other nipple and repeated the procedure with the second skewer. 

When it was also pushed in quite a bit, Lisa grabbed another skewer and used it to estimate the penetration length. She gave both skewers a couple of taps with her hammer until they were embedded in her slave's nipples for at least an inch. Maybe even a little more.

Next came the parallel treatment for Rick, but this time Lisa immediately hammered the skewers in a full inch. Rick grunted and shouted loud when the first skewer slid up his compressed nipple and he continued to make noise through his hood until Lisa was finished with both his nipples. Finished? Hardly getting started, it seemed. 

While Lisa tended to her subs, Daphne made sure that all the necessary supplies were at hand. Lisa did not waste any time with gimmicks or teasing. She just wanted to demonstrate a new level of torture that had found its way into her sessions. Mistress Rachel would elaborate further on the concept later in the night.

She tugged on the skewers that were embedded in Elisa's nipples, teasing her sub a little. Then she told Daphne to hold Elisa in position. 

"Just hold her straight like that. Go stand behind her and wrap your hands around her shoulders and reach for those wooden nipple clamps. I want you to hold this one as still as possible now," she said to Daphne.

When Daphne was in place, Lisa took some pliers and pulled the skewer out of Elisa's nipple. Immediately some drops of blood formed at the tip of her nipple and started to run down on the wooden clamp.

"Lovely!" Lisa exclaimed. "But now I need to plug that hole back up..."

She discarded the skewer and picked up something new from the stuff Daphne brought over. She held it up to the cameras so everyone viewing the web stream could see exactly what she was about to do.

In her left hand Lisa held a pretty thick two-inch long screw, in her other hand was a power drill. 

"Now hold tight," she said to Daphne, who was holding the two-piece wooden clamp on Elisa's right nipple. 

Lisa positioned the screw in front of the bleeding hole that was just prepared with the meat skewer and pushed the sharp end in. In one swift move, she pressed the power drill against the head of the screw and used the electric tool to drive the screw up her sub's nipple. 

Elisa shrieked and wailed through her hood, but Lisa did not stop until at least half of the screw disappeared into her sub's compressed nipple. The whole process seemed pretty simple and with a pre-pierced hole, the fairly thick 5mm screw went in quickly. 

"Now the other one. Hold it tight again,"&nbsp; Lisa instructed Daphne. The two women continued their teamwork and within two minutes the other skewer was removed and in its place sat a deeply drilled screw.

Rick received the exact same treatment and before long, both subs were fitted with thick metal screws embedded in their tortured nipples. They were both breathing heavily as their bodies processed the intense torture.

Lisa gave the power drill to Daphne to put away and turned her attention to her subs again, running her fingers over their clamped and pierced nipples. 

"Now the big question," she said, "whose nipples are stronger? Yours, Rick? Or yours, Elisa? We're about to find out with a little tug of war!"

Daphne had put away the power drill and handed Lisa a couple of specially prepared strings. They had self-tightening loops on each end, which Lisa connected to the heads of the screws. Lisa didn't want to hang weights from the screws. She thought it would be much more fun to make her subs play some tug of war, so she connected Elisa's and Rick's nipples to each other, with a string connecting Rick's left nipple to Elisa's right nipple and vice versa.

The strings were just a little shorter than the distance between Rick and Elisa, so both of them were tilted a little forward, trying not to put too much pressure on the screws in their nipples.

"Now who's it gonna be?" Lisa asked. "Who has the guts to make the first move?&nbsp; This game will continue until one of you loses both screws from their nipples. If you both manage to get one out, I will reconnect the remaining ones!"

No one moved even half an inch.&nbsp; 

"Let me give you some incentive to perform better, you pussies!" Lisa yelled at them. "First one to give it a serious try will get a box of 50 assorted needles that they can use on the other or themselves immediately after this game."

Neither one of the slaves seemed to be too happy to pick up on that incentive and Lisa was getting a little frustrated.

"Daphne! Get me the barb whips!"

It didn't take the assistant long to produce a set of floggers with strands of barbed wire mixed in. Lisa took one and immediately tried to speed things up by smacking it down on her subs' backs. She started with Rick, who grunted as the spikes dug into the skin of his back. Lisa pulled the flogger away, took two steps and let the strands smack down on his back again.

"You, get behind her," Lisa instructed Daphne, "and smack that flogger down on her back about a second after I hit him!"

Daphne did as she was told and smacked her flogger down on Elisa, who let out a low moan. Normally, Lisa would admire the little puncture wounds and the small streams of blood trickling from them, but not this time. "Just repeat after me," she added as she struck Rick again. Even though the whips made the two slaves moan and shriek, it didn't really make them play tug of war.

"Fucking pussies!" Lisa exclaimed. "Damn, I'll get you two to play! The loser here will go into Hole #3 for at least 24 hours!" She smacked the barbed whip down again. Daphne followed suit, but before the strands of her flogger rained down on Elisa's back, the strings between the two slaves were pulled taut. The words 'Hole #3' seemed to be instrumental in the slaves' change of attitude. Both of them were now hesitantly leaning back, building the pull on the screws that were embedded in their nipples.

"Hold on, Daphne," Lisa said as she gestured to keep the flogger down for a moment, "I think they got the message".

It was Elisa who pulled back first. She was hesitant, but in her mind she was desperately determined&nbsp; not to go back to Hole #3. She didn't know if Rick had ever endured it, but she remembered her own ordeal quite well. Lisa had put her there not long after her throat-training in Hole #2 for again failing to keep one of Lisa's giant strap-ons down her throat without gagging.

Daphne and Lisa watched as their toys started a slow tug-of-war with their chests. Rick was trying to lean back as much as possible, in an attempt to give the screws in his nipples more friction. It seemed to be working, because the screws looked like they weren't moving at all. Elisa's screws on the other hand did shift visibly. The one in her right nipple was clearly sticking out further than the one in her left. 

"Come on, you can do better than that!" Lisa encouraged Rick with words and another smack with the flogger. Daphne didn't hesitate and followed with a smack down on Elisa's back. 

It helped. Under load moans and groans from both toys, Rick pulled back and yanked the screw from Elisa's right nipple. She shrieked and streams of blood were oozing out of her drilled nipple, not even running down her breast, but just pooling and dripping. 

The screw in her other nipple was still embedded just as deep as Rick's. Elisa was not yet over the shock of having a drilled screw ripped from her nipple when Rick pulled back again. Only this time, he was not as lucky. His pull did do some damage, but mostly to his own nipple as his screw was pulled half an inch further out, while Elisa's didn't move as much. It didn't take a whole lot of effort on her part to take round two as she leaned back and ripped the screw from Rick's right nipple. 

Both now free of any pull on their nipples, both Elisa and Rick tried to relax their posture, but Lisa didn't give them much time to catch their breath. 

"Bravo, mon cherie!" she applauded Elisa and stepped in to get the duo to perform the final round of tug-of-war. She took the bloody screws that were ripped out, pulled the strings taut and tied a knot so that there was a diagonal string between both subs' left nipples. 

"Now finish this, let's see who gets to enjoy the Hole!" Lisa said as she stepped back again. 

Elisa was at a clear disadvantage, with the screw sticking more out of her nipple than Rick's. Nonetheless she was the first to lean back hard and tug on the string. She fell back but barely kept her balance as the second screw ripped from her nipple and blood started dripping out.

"Ha! You're fucked, missy!" Lisa yelled at her. "Tonight you'll know what treatment weak nipples get around here." And to Daphne she said: "I'm outta here, you cut 'em loose and get them off this stage." Then she walked away... 


- Chapter 2 -

Two skinny girls were getting ready to go live on stage next. Leading the second session of the night was Miss Crazy J, the 22-year-old sadist from the U.K. Jane was a stunning knockout. Tall, toned with well-defined abs and leg muscles, she was wearing a black latex skin-tight body that was V-shaped from her crotch up, revealing parts of her tiny waist. It was completely covering her upper body up to her throat, where it ended in a high collar. The suit accentuated her slim body. 

Her hair was pulled back in a bright blonde ponytail and she didn't wear much makeup. Just some mascara and thick black eyeliner. She was almost done with her outfit, putting on oversized black army boots with super-high platform soles. Her shoes easily added 6 inches to her already impressive 6'1" frame. Above her boots, her tattoo of the snake crawling up her left leg was clearly visible. 

"Still nervous?" she asked Vera, the skinny redhead she would be working with tonight. 

"Yeah, a little." She paused. "I mean, it's my first time performing publicly and on camera. Plus, I signed a contract stating that this is a no-limits and no-safe word session. That's kinda intense."

"Lisa told me that you wrote the script for this session yourself. Is that true?" Jane wanted to know. 

"Yes, well, together with a girlfriend. It's kind of a combined ultimate fantasy. We made a bet and I lost, so she posted this script to Lisa's Extreme Dolls website and I guess it caught Lisa's eye."

As Vera was explaining her story, Jane took a good look at the girl who was standing naked in front of her. She reminded her a little of that slim redhead lingerie model, Cintia Dicker. Vera was a little skinnier, showing more ribs and bone, but she still packed a nice set of breasts. She was tanned for a redhead and had large pierced nipples and also sported fairly big rings through her outer labia, three rings in each. 

Apparently the first session was done. Lisa steamed back into the dressing room. She did not look happy. 

"Those fuckers!" she yelled. "They took way too long. What the FUCK?!" She threw her flogger into one of the chairs at the other end of the room and looked at the two girls who were getting ready. 

"What happened?!" Jane asked immediately. 

"Ugh! I take two of my biggest pain sluts -seriously... these two have sometimes taken more than even I expected- and then they chicken out on me on a live feed?!" 

Lisa sighed. 

"What did you do to them?"

"Drilled some screws into their nipples and made them play tug-of war," she replied matter-of-factly. 

"Wow, pretty intense!" Daphne replied. "With a power drill, really?"

"Yeah, I'm sure it was scary cause I didn't tell them anything beforehand. But still. Those fucks have been sewn together by their nipples and they had no problems playing a little tug of war then while I had them fuck like that!"

Daphne entered the dressing room. She escorted Rick and Elisa off the stage. They were now uncuffed and their hoods had been removed. Their upper bodies were wrapped in black towels and both of them seemed exhausted. 

"Hole #3 for you tonight, you dumb cunt!" Lisa yelled at Elisa. "What in the fuck's name was that about?! We were live, you fucks! You don't mess up like that when you're live! Get outta here and clean up. I don't wanna see you for a while!" 

Neither Rick nor Elisa said a word. 

Lisa waited for her subs to go into the shower area, sighed, and then took a good look at Jane and Vera again. 

"You gotta lose those rings." Lisa pointed at Vera's tits. "Those always get in the way! Didn't you read your contract?!"

Vera apologized and&nbsp; started removing her jewelry. "What about the ones down here?" she asked. 

"You can leave those in, I'm sure Jane will use them to her advantage," Lisa added. She grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. 

"Three minutes and we're live" a production assistant notified the girls. 

"Make sure things go more smoothly this time," Lisa told Jane before leaving the dressing room again. 

"Wow, that was intense!" Vera said when Lisa was gone. 

"I'm sure things really didn't go as planned," Jane replied. "She won't put anyone in Hole #3 for nothing."

"What is Hole #3 anyway?" Vera wondered. 

"It is the darkest place in this mansion. Lisa has three numbered "holes" with an increasing level of intensity. Whoever goes into them has to endure hours of continued extreme genital torture, combined with things like breath control, simulated drowning, electrical shocks, glowing hot pins, stuff like that. Even ten minutes in that place will give you scars for life."

Vera's mouth fell open as she was listening and her eyes widened. It frightened her, but she was also turned on by the idea of such sadism. For a moment she imagined herself in a position of extreme abuse with hot pins being stabbed into her body, but she was called back into reality when it was time to hit the stage.

When the lights came up on the stage area, Jane led Vera to the middle of the space. She lowered a spreader bar from the ceiling with a winch and cuffed Vera's hands to the opposing sides with thin metal cuffs. 

Vera's ankles were also fitted with metal handcuffs and they were connected to heavy ball-shaped weights with short metal chains. Jane used the winch controls to raise Vera just enough to pull the chains taut. 

As a warmup, Jane took a simple flogger and started by warming up Vera's tits, working her way down her stomach to her thighs. Jane concentrated on the front of Vera's body. When her skin was red enough, Jane replaced the flogger with a bamboo caning rod. She smacked it down hard on Vera's tits, decorating them with parallel dark red and purple stripes. Tears rolled down&nbsp; Vera's face as her pelvic area received the same treatment.

That seemed to be enough of a warmup. Jane discarded her cane and started binding Vera's breasts at their base with a thin elastic cord. They were bound tight, individually, into dark red orbs on top of her chest. Jane rubbed her hands over them. 

"Such nice tits... Would be a shame not to enjoy them before I ruin them," Jane remarked. She twisted both nipples between her fingers and then brought her head down to suck on them, alternating between left and right. 

The tit sucking didn't last long, though. Jane produced elastrator pliers and snapped castration bands around her toy's nipples and areoles. Next were some special alligator clamps. Vera received one on each nipple and Jane stuck two short but sharp skewers through the alligators, making sure the clamps would not be pulled off when she added footlong metal chains to the alligator clamps. 

Daphne, again the assistant, brought in a cross-shaped contraption made of steel. She got a little help from one of the technical production assistants, a guy dressed in a black coverall. They put the thing down on the floor in the middle of the play space, right in front of Vera. Then the assistant pushed it forward in between Vera's legs. 

It was basically a steel beam that measured about 7 feet in length and was about two inches wide and five inches high. At a quarter of the length it featured a smaller but wider crossbeam that measured about two feet in length, was the same thickness, but about six inches wide. Each beam had two eye bolts at its ends, right on top of another. 

Jane lowered the winch and uncuffed Vera from the spreader bar. Instead, she cuffed Vera's hands behind her back; hands together and also her elbows together. Her feet stayed cuffed to the heavy metal balls. 

While Jane adjusted the cuffs, the production assistant separated the top and bottom part of the steel cross, basically generating two identical thinner crosses. The bottom part showed sharp pins sticking out of the beams in certain places. Within a minute, a dildo was fitted between a patch of spikes on the long end of the beam. It had a pretty sturdy base, but was more flexible at the top, with a length of easily 10 inches. Now it was in place, its base was surrounded by dozens of sharp pins which were all around an inch long. 

The top part of the cross was hung from the winch, with chains running down from the four eye bolts at the opposite ends of each beam. 

Vera was standing above the first or bottom cross with the dildo and spikes mounted on it. She was facing the side of the cross where it had the crossbeam. Jane and Daphne connected the chains from the hanging cross with the corresponding eyebolts on the bottom cross, suspending it in the air just a foot below Vera's crotch. The distance between the two crosses was about six feet. 

While Daphne operated the winch to slowly raise both crosses, Jane positioned Vera above the dildo, guiding the dildo slowly into her toy's pussy. When the sharp pins were just shy of Vera's skin, she told Daphne to stop raising the winch. 

Jane told Vera to bend forward and as she did as she was told, Jane inserted an inflatable butt plug into her ass, slowly fucking it in with a little help of some lubricant. When it plopped behind Vera's sphincter, Jane pumped it up quite a bit. 

With the dildos in place, it was time to get the rest of the setup in order. Jane pulled the chains from the alligator clamps on Vera's nipples through holes in the crossbeam of the cross. The holes were no more than an inch in diameter, but they were surrounded by a few dozen needles each, all placed in a circular pattern around the holes. The needles were all about two inches long, but varied in thickness. 

As Jane pulled the chains through the holes, Vera's tits brushed against the needles, but Jane made sure not to pull them harder against the prickly surface. Instead, she connected the chains to heavy weights that were laying on the floor, making sure that Vera would not be able to pull her tits back up. 

With everything secured and in place, Jane grabbed the winch control box and slowly started to raise both crosses, which put Vera's body weight on the lower cross, slowly pushing the needles into her pussy and tits. She was cursing and screaming as her feet were slowly raised off the floor. 

"Time for the candles," Jane instructed Daphne, who fetched two candelabras with three candles each on them. Jane placed them under the cross, one under each of Vera's breasts, right next to the chains hanging from the alligator clamps on her nipples. Then she lit all six candles, sending their heat up towards her toy's tits.

Jane waited a few moments until Vera's screams started coming again and then pumped the butt plug a few times more. She ran her hands along Vera's ribcage to her compressed tits and pulled her hands back when she touched the metal crossbeam. 

"Wow," she exclaimed, "those candles really generate some heat!"

Vera was squirming on the crossbeam now, but all she really accomplished while her tits were slowly roasted above the flames of the six candles, was that she pushed her bound tits more into the spikes, which were now getting really hot. 

Jane grabbed the bamboo stick she discarded earlier and started smacking it down on her toy's ass, creating another set of striped welts similar to the ones on Vera's tits and pelvis. 

Happy with the look, she grabbed the winch controls and slowly raised the metal crosses more, until the weights on Vera's ankles and nipples were swinging freely in the air. 

Vera was totally broken by now, with almost all needles from the metal cross deeply embedded in her skin. She was crying and sobbing constantly. The inch-long needles around the dildo were pressed deep into her pussy lips and ass cheeks, Both her bound tits were embedded with dozens of two-inch long needles and her nipples were grotesquely stretched with heavy weights. On top of that, her chest was roasted with six candles, causing stinging pain not only through the hot needles, but also from all the hot air going up. Her pierced and clamped nipples started to look glazy. 

After some more caning with the bamboo stick, Daphne brought another toy to Mistress Jane, together with a ball gag and a full leather hood. 

Daphne proceeded to fit the sobbing girl with the ball gag, which significantly&nbsp; muffled her screams. Moments later, her head was covered with the leather hood. It was tight-fitting and Daphne tightened it more by pulling some strings around Vera's jaw and neckline. 

"Slut, calm down," Jane addressed her toy, petting her hooded head and rubbing her hand down her shoulders. 

When Vera was relatively quiet again, she continued: "See what a trooper you are? I'm roasting your tits and you actually manage to keep the noise level down! Listen carefully now!"

"What I have here and which you can't see, is called a 'projector'. It's basically a small dart gun that shoots small syringes filled with whatever I put in them. Consider this a parting gift from me. The gun is loaded with a solution containing a modified neurotoxin from the Australian Gympie Gympie tree. You think the pain is excruciating now? Just wait for this stuff to set in, you'll get to enjoy it for a long time. I've heard it causes swelling and redness too!"

Jane stepped back, held the gun about four feet from Vera's body and aimed at her upper right thigh. Then she pulled the trigger. With a quick "swisssh", the first dart was launched and the syringe smashed into Vera's thigh. A muffled shriek followed. 

Jane walked all around Vera and the suspended cross-contraption and shot three more syringes into her toy's body: one in her left buttock, another one in her left breast and finally one into her right breast. 

Vera's reaction was obvious and instantaneous. Her body started shaking and trashing on the cross, even though she was partly embedded on the needles around the dildo and in her tits. She screamed into her gag. 

"Oh yes, I almost forgot," Jane added, "There's some additional ingredient in there to cause your muscles to spasm a bit. I thought that would be nice given the predicament you're in."

With those words, Miss Crazy J turned around and walked away. 


- Chapter 3 -

Jane walked back into the dressing room as her toy's continued muffled screams filled the production space. She put her dart gun down and looked at Rachel, who was getting ready to take the stage next. 

"Damn, what a screamer," Rachel said, "What'd you do to her?"

Jane grinned. "Shot her full of Lisa's GymTox. Literally, with this dart gun."

"Jeez, I heard about that stuff. Isn't that going to give her a rash for a couple of&nbsp; weeks?"

"Yeah, but right now it feels like her ass and tits are being burnt off. She's got plenty of needles in her too. Looks like she'll be out of commission for a while. Oh well, next week I'm getting a stab at Daphne instead. What are you up to tonight? Closing up, eh? Must be something special. I see you're dressed nice for the occasion."

Rachel was wearing a red and white latex catsuit for this night. At just 4'10", she really needed the stiletto heels that she was wearing. Her raven black hair was down and her piercing green eyes matched those of her toy. 

Jessica, the tall brunette from Belgium who was about to turn 21, was completely naked. Her slender and athletic body was oiled for today's session. She started off her career at Extreme Toyland when she was 18 with an audition that left her with fish hooks through her nipples and labia. Tonight was going to be her fifth live internet session. 

"I'm going to inflict a lot of pain on this oiled slut," Rachel replied. "I don't know if she'll take weeks to recuperate, but she'll gain some permanent marks tonight for sure."

"What do you want out of tonight?" Jane addressed Jessica. "Did you get matched with this session by request or just randomly?"

"I still have to do four live sessions this year," the girl replied, "This is my second. The last was in February with Miss Claudia. I didn't request anything, Miss Lisa knows what I can handle and what things I need to expand on."

While the girls were chatting about the upcoming session, Vera was pushed in on a wheelchair by Daphne while the other production assistants readied the stage for the final session. 

The poor girl was still moaning through her ball gag and her tits and crotch were covered in blood from the many puncture wounds she had sustained from the spiked cross. 

There was no time for Rachel and Jessica to stay and watch as Daphne helped Vera clean up, cause the stage was almost ready again. 

Jessica was fitted with cuffs on her wrists and ankles and her breasts were tightly tied at the base with plastic cable ties. It made her firm tits look like balloons on her chest. Right before showtime she was also fitted with a black rubber ball gag. 

When Mistress Rachel and her toyJessica took the stage, a metal cube-shaped frame was put center-stage. The frame was about 7 feet wide, high and deep. Jessica's torture rack was put in its place in the middle of the cubic frame. It was a fairly simple setup. The rack itself was about four feet tall and three feet wide. It was a rectangular metal frame with eight horizontal bars and six vertical bars, which stood upon a wedged stand resembling the legs of a sawhorse. The frame could be tilted forward or backward at any angle. Right now it stood up straight.

Jessica was escorted to the stage wearing nothing more than the cable ties on her breasts, a ball gag and cuffs on her wrists and ankles. She stood with her back against the frame as Mistress Rachel approached with a basket full of thick leather belts.

"Stick your hands through the frame!" Rachel commanded as she put her basket down. "Both hands through the frame, outer row, right where the frame tilts!"

Jessica did as she was told. She stuck her hands through the squares in the fourth row of openings from the top and pressed her back tighter against the frame.

Rachel stepped toward her toy and cuffed Jessica's wrist cuffs to the frame. Then she bent down and picked up one of the leather belts from her basket. 

"I'm going to strap you down now. Stay against the frame."

The first two belts went around Jessica's upper arms, around her shoulders, really. From her armpit to the top of her left shoulder, she was strapped tightly to the frame. Her right shoulder received the same kind of belt. When Rachel was satisfied with the tightness of the straps, she put another belt across Jessica's chest, right above her toy's bound breasts. With this belt, Jessica's torso was secured to the frame. 

"Try to move, see if it's tight enough," Rachel asked her toy.

Jessica tried to move, but wasn't able to change the position of her upper body at all. Happy with the first part of the bondage, Rachel proceeded to secure her toy to the frame until she was in the desired position. For the next part, she tilted the frame a little backward. Jessica moved accordingly and was standing/hanging at a 45 degree angle now.

"Now I'm going to need you to pull your legs up all the way, dear," Rachel said.

Jessica did as she was told and Rachel grabbed her sub by both ankles, pulling them up towards the metal frame. It cost them both a little effort, but before long Jessica's ankle cuffs were secured to the top left and right corner of the frame. It was an uncomfortable position, one that was about to become even more painful.

Rachel took two additional belts from her basket and strapped Jessica's knees tightly to the frame with it. There. It was done. Now Jessica was strapped to the frame in a most uncomfortable position. The toy was unable to move and her pussy, ass and tits were all sticking out, ready for play.

Rachel didn't wait long and started off by pinching and pulling Jessica's nipples. Next she was cupping her toy's bound tits and licking her nipples in turn, lapping her tongue aggressively back and forth. She went from left to right and kept alternating while sinking her teeth in deeper and tugging at the nubs. 

When the nipples were properly warmed up and reddened from the attention, Rachel put some suckers on them. She pumped a little and then left them to set for a bit while she stroked her sub's thighs and ass, rubbing her fingers around, but not touching Jessica's pussy or exposed asshole. 

She picked up a thin bamboo caning rod and positioned herself on the right side of her sub. 

*SMACK*
*SMACK*
*SMACK*

She let the hard rod come down three times on Jessica's thighs, right where her exposed pussy stuck out a little. Jessica shrieked into her gag. 

She walked around to the other side and repeated it:

*SMACK*
*SMACK*
*SMACK*

Then she leaned in and used her free hand to rub the already reddening skin of Jessica's thighs. Rachel put her cane down and walked to the edge of the stage to fetch some supplies. 

"I'm going to give you a full body workout today," she said to Jessica when she returned, pushing a small supply cart nearby. "Your tits, thighs, pussy and ass will be sore for a while!"

She inspected the sucking tubes on Jessica's nipples. Both nipples and quite a bit of the areoles had been sucked in and Rachel decided it was time to put the castration bands on. 

She used elastrator pliers to stretch the green castration bands enough so she could place them over the sucking tubes and against Jessica's bound tits. It did not take long to snap both bands shut and when they were in place, Rachel removed the sucking tubes. Now Jessica's sucked out nipples stood out on her bulging tits like little balls. 

Rachel flicked her fingers against the nipples and squeezed them a bit. Then she walked back to her supplies to put away the elastrator pliers and to pick up two pre-prepared lengths of thin rope. 

They were prepared with self-tightening loops on one end and another loop on the opposite end to hang a weight from it. Rachel put the tightening ends around Jessica's bound nipples and pulled the other ends tight, so that the rope tightened itself around her toy's nipples. The other ends of the ropes went over the top bar of the metal cube and Rachel hung some weights from the ropes, so that Jessica's nipples were pulled up and forward by the weight and the thin rope's loops tightened themselves more and more around Jessica's nipples. 

With the thin rope and weights doing their job, Rachel took her bamboo stick again and struck it down several times again on her toy's thighs and further down on her ass. They were taking on a nice shade of red already, with some darker stripes where Rachel really struck down hard. The harder strikes had made Jessica scream out and tears rolled from her eyes as she cried in pain. 

Rachel was happy with the welts that were forming on her sub's thighs and buttocks, but wanted to perform a more targeted warmup on her pussy lips. So she discarded the bamboo stick and picked a riding crop instead. It was a leather crop with several metal studs in it for extra impact. 

Jessica tried to brace herself for the impact as Rachel was getting ready to smack the tip of the crop down between her legs. But Rachel stopped just shy of her skin and decided that she'd smack her sub's bulging tits first.

Careful not to hit the thin ropes that were stretching Jessica's nipples, Rachel smacked her studded crop down hard on the top of Jessica's bound breasts. She also tried to get some good impacts on the underside of each boob, before turning her attention to Jessica's labia. 

She brought at least ten hard smacks down on her sub's pussy before putting the crop away. She gave Jessica time to catch her breath and ran her fingers over the reddened pussy lips. 

"You dirty pain slut!" she exclaimed as she felt Jessica's extreme wetness. Rachel stuck two fingers in Jessica's pussy and finger-fucked her for half a minute, rubbing her sub's clit with her thumb. Jessica moaned through her gag until Rachel stopped masturbating her. 

The mistress picked up one of the sucker tubes that she had previously used on her toy's nipples and used it now to suck Jessica's clitoris. Rachel found that the soft skin was sucked out fairly easy and she quickly used the same method for applying a castration band as she did with Jessica's nipples. 

Having fitted Jessica's clit with a castration band, it was much easier to attach one of the self-tightening cords to it as well. Rachel pulled the cord taut and then some to make sure it really tightened around her sub's clit and then she tied the cord off to the belt around Jessica's torso. This would keep Jessica's sensitive spot stimulated and exposed for the rest of the session. 

"I'm almost done with your warming-up, dear," Rachel said. Just two more things to go before I can actually start playing with you."

She went back to her supplies and brought an inflatable buttplug and some lubricant. 

"Hah! If I were to stuck this up your cunt, we wouldn't need any lube. Now relax your ass!"

Rachel lubed up the buttplug and rubbed some lube on Jessica's sphincter. She started fingering her sub's ass and when she was able to push three fingers in, she slowly fucked the buttplug in place. The plug was not as long as Jessica had expected (and hoped), but Rachel started pumping it up immediately. 

"Now the last bit," Rachel said when the plug was distended to a pretty uncomfortable size. She went back to her supplies and came back with a toilet brush. 

"Your dirty wet cunt needs cleaning, you filthy little slut!" Rachel yelled. She rubbed the sturdy plastic bristles over Jessica's labia and exposed clit. "No lube for this one, I hope you're wet enough!"

Rachel slowly fucked the toilet brush into Jessica's wet pussy. The thing was pretty big --bristles of about an inch around the inch-wide stick- but it seemed to disappear very quickly with Rachel using big strokes to slowly but steadily push it in and pull it out. Jessica closed her eyes and moaned into her ball gag. 

Rachel started to pick up speed and eventually really fucked Jessica's pussy with the rough brush. She would push it in until only the handle was visible from the outside, meaning that at least eight inches of the brush were inside Jessica's pussy, with the top four inches covered with the rough bristles. Then she'd pull it out until some of the bristles were visible, only to shove it back in again.&nbsp; 

After about ten or twelve strokes back and forth, Rachel pulled the whole brush out and held it up to Jessica, showing that the bristles were not only covered in her pussy juices, but also in quite a bit of blood from the grated inside of her pussy. 

"I think it's clean for now," Rachel said and she shoved the brush back In until only the handle was visible. She picked up her bamboo cane again and smacked down hard on Jessica's nipples. It looked like she was really aiming to hit the skin that was being stretched away from her toy's tied tits. After about four hard smacks for each nipple, she put her stick down again. Rachel removed the weights and the ropes that were tugging on Jessica's nipples and she also cut the castration bands away. 

As she walked away to discard what she had just removed, she said to her sub: "I'm done with your warmup, let's play!"

Rachel returned to her toy with four wooden clamps. They were made of two parts coco bola wood and had two metal tightening rods with wing nuts running through them on the left and right side. The two clamps that went on Jessica's nipples were about three inches wide and little over half an inch thick. Rachel kept screwing them tighter and tighter. 

When the nipples were sufficiently compressed, Rachel took the other two clamps and placed them over Jessica's outer labia. These two clamps were exactly the same as the nipple clamps, only twice as long at six inches in length. 

When all four clamps were as tight as Rachel could make them, she rubbed her fingers over the tips of Jessica's nipples and the parts of her pussy lips that were protruding through the tight clamps. 

She lit a cigarette, took a few drags and called for Miss Crazy Jane to join her on stage with "a pack of pins".&nbsp; When Jane arrived, Rachel addressed her toy:

"Let's have some interactive fun with Jane here. She brought a box of pins for your tits. Here's how we're going to do it. I will use this cigarette and mark a spot on your tits with a burn. Jane will then take a needle and push it halfway into your skin where the burn mark is. We'll continue this until the box is empty. How many pins you have there, dear?"

"Um, about 30, I think," Jane answered. 

"Perfect! I want the first one here," Rachel said as she held the smoldering tip of the cigarette against Jessica's left breast. Jane uncapped one of her thick 14 gauge needles and pushed about half of the length of two inches into Jessica's bound titmeat. Jessica closed her eyes and bit down on her gag, but didn't seem to be in a lot of pain from the needle. 

Rachel and Jane toyed around with the needles and cigarette until Jessica's tits were decorated with fourteen needles each. Her bound tits looked like pin cushions. This was all just a prelude to the main event. 

Rachel thanked Jane for her services and as Jane left, Daphne brought in the next tool for Rachel: Lisa's electric drill and a small box stacked with screws. 

Daphne assisted with the screws as Rachel used the power tool to drill screws through the two parts of Jessica's nipple clamps, left and right of each nipple, right next to the tightening rods. The screws went straight through the two layers of wood and kept them tightly crushed together. If she wanted to, she could have removed the tightening rods. There was no way those nipple clamps would come apart anytime soon now. The two girls repeated the same procedure on the clamps on Jessica's pussy lips. Rachel said:

"Looks like they won't come apart anytime soon, what do you think, Daphne?"

Daphne just nodded. 

Rachel continued: "But I'd rather not take any chances. I really don't want these clamps to slip off when I hang heavy weights from them. So get me a couple more screws, longer ones!"

Daphne was told to position the screw right in the middle of the clamp, right on top of where Jessica's nipple was clamped in between the two parts. With the power tool it was easy to drill a screw through two layers of wood. Rachel demonstrated that an extra layer of tissue was no big deal. The long screw went through pretty quickly but it made Jessica wail in pain. There was surprisingly little blood running down from the freshly pierced nipple. 

After number one came number two in Jessica's other nipple and numbers three, four, five and six went straight through her clamped pussy lips, two screws through each clamp and pussy lip. 

"Oh girl!" Rachel cooed to Jessica. "So many tears already and we're not even close to done!"

Daphne left the stage again and Mistress Rachel picked up some more supplies. She returned with a bunch of bungee cords; elastic ropes used to put a good pull on something or to hold something in place. 

Rachel connected the bungee bands between the clamps on her sub and the cubic metal frame on stage. Jessica's screwed nipples and pussy lips were now constantly tugged upward. 

"We're almost there my little slut, but not quite yet!" Mistress Rachel enjoyed the sight of her sub so wonderfully restrained against the torture rack. Jessica was in a most uncomfortable position and with the added pain from the toilet brush in her pussy, screws through her clamped nipples and labia and a castration band on her stretched clitoris, she was on the doorstep of pain slut heaven. 

Rachel was determined to push, no rather kick her over that threshold into a room full of agony. She had the means to do just that and picked up a surgical hammer and a collection of short skewers. 

The skewers were short, but pretty thick needles with very sharp tips. Using the hammer, Rachel sunk the two inch long 10 gauge pins halfway into each of her sub's nipples; one needle on each side of the screw that was drilled through the middle of Jessica's nipples. 

After all four were inserted, she hammered them in a little deeper, making sure that just half an inch was sticking out. With each tap of the hammer, Jessica wailed into her gag. Had she been able to move just an inch, she would have trashed on the rack. 

And Rachel didn't stop there, she had seven more pins ready, three were meant for each clamped pussy lip. Since Jessica's labia had two screws each drilled through them, Rachel hammered one pin in the middle between the screws and the two additional pins on the opposite sides of the screws. Again she hammered until just half an inch of the pins was sticking out. 

That left one more pin and Rachel needed a forceps to put it where it was going to sit. She discarded the hammer and used just the forceps and her hands to place this needle. It went smack through the middle of Jessica's bound and stretched clit. The sharp needle slid through the girl's sensitive skin like a knife through butter and Rachel pushed it far enough to have equal parts of the pin sticking out left and right of her toy's swollen clit. 

There was surprisingly and perhaps disappointingly little blood despite the numerous pins and needles and even screws drilled into Jessica's body. Rachel felt like she should do something about it before starting the finale of her session. Like her mentrix Lisa she loved the dramatic effect of blood during a session. The few strips of blood from the welts on her toys thighs were by far not enough. Even the screw drilling didn't really produce more than a few drops. 

But Rachel knew exactly how to fix this. She fetched one of her most extreme riding crops. Its tip consisted of a two-by-two-inch rubber tip that had small shards of glass embedded on both sides. She showed it to Jessica whose face contorted in fear. 

The girl's fear was justified. The crop wasn't nicknamed "The Cutter" for nothing. Rachel demonstrated why by smacking the crop down on Jessica's thighs, alternating left and right, going down from the hollow of her knees to her perfect ass. Within half a minute, streams of blood were running down Jessica's legs, to her ass and slowly dripping on the concrete floor. 

"Now that's more like it!" Rachel yelled as she watched the droplets of blood trickle down. 

She put the Cutter away and called Daphne to bring the last toys in for tonight. Daphne returned with a trolley cart stocked with supplies. One of the things she brought was an electrical unit, which was plugged in to an extension cord.

Rachel connected wires from the electro box to Jessica's nipples, creating a closed circuit on each nipple with the two thick needles that were embedded from the front. Jessica's clitoris received the third circuit when Rachel clipped two connectors on the opposite ends of the needle that was pierced through it. 

Before Rachel turned her electrical unit on, she stuck her fingers into Jessica's pussy, next to the toilet brush handle. 

"Damn, you slut! Look at all the wetness in there again. I'll have to clean it again before we continue!" 

With those words she started fucking the toilet brush in and out again, faster until she pulled the whole brush out again and held it up to show it off. Jessica wasn't paying attention. While her mistress was grating the tender insides of her pussy, she closed her eyes and bit into her gag as hard as she could and moaned out loud. 

Rachel shoved the brush back in between Jessica's clamped, pierced and stretched pussy lips and pushed it all the way in before turning her attention to the lovely butt plug that had been stretching Jessica's ass. 

She deflated it and slid it out, rubbing and fingering Jessica's asshole. 

"Relax that sphincter now, girl," she said as she went over to the supplies Daphne brought in. "Cause this might hurt a lot if you don't!"

When Rachel turned around, she showed the toy that she was going to stick up Jessica's ass: a metal pear of anguish! She demonstrated what turning the knob of the pear would do: slowly the leafs of the pear spread out extremely wide like three petals of a devilish flower. Jessica's eyes widened. She had never had a pear of anguish in her pussy, let alone her ass before. She was genuinely scared of the medieval torture device. 

Daphne also stepped in and helped Rachel prepare for the insertion of the pear. She squirted a lot of lubricant from a tube on Jessica's ass and started fingering it into the bound girls asshole. First with two fingers, but soon enough three, four and eventually Daphne's whole hand disappeared into Jessica's ass. The inflatable dildo apparently had done its job in opening up the girl's well-trained back door. 

When Daphne pulled her hand out again and nodded to Rachel, the mistress positioned the thick end of the pear against Jessica's sphincter. She had turned the knob all the way back again, so the three leafs of the pear had closed again. In this state the pear was about six inches long and two inches thick at the widest point. After a few fucking movements and some good pushing, the fat part of the pear plopped behind Jessica's sphincter and that was that; the pear was inserted. 

Daphne wiped her hands on a towel and stuck around next to the supply cart that she'd previously brought in. 

As soon as the pear was in place, Rachel started to turn its knob that was sticking out of her pain slut's ass, slowly extending the leafs inside. She watched her toy's body language and stopped turning the knob when Jessica started wailing too loud for her taste. 

"Hmm, I'm not done expanding that thing yet, but it seems like I need to distract you a little from that pear with some other stuff," she said as she got up again. "I've got just the thing!"

Rachel received two metal buckets from Daphne and she put them down next to her sub's rack. She took three ropes from the top bucket and unrolled two of them. They had metal hooks at their ends. 

"I'm going to remove the bungee cords from the clamps pulling on your nipples now, dear," she said to Jessica. She disconnected the bungees from the metal frame and also from the nipple clamps, only to replace them with the ropes she had just brought. The hooks at the end of the ropes were connected to the wooden nipple clamps and the other end of the ropes went over the bar of the metal frame in front of Jessica. Rachel hung one of the big metal buckets from the hooks on the other ends of the ropes. 

Rachel also unrolled the third piece if rope, which was a lot shorter, not even a foot in length. She connected one side to the handle of the second bucket and put it down next to Jessica's rack. Then she turned her attention back to the pear of anguish. 

Slowly she turned the knob a little more and more, expanding the leafs inside her sub's ass to an excruciating width. Jessica wailed in pain and tears were running down her face. 

"Oh, does that hurt?" Rachel wanted to know. "I thought you were my filthy pain piggy? Well are you?!"

Through her sobs and cries, Jessica tried to nod her head. Rachel waited a moment for her sub to calm down and asked again. 

"You are my pain slut, right?!"

Jessica nodded again. 

And you want me to give you more, right?!"

Another set of nods. 

"Then get ready, here we go!"

With those words, Rachel got up and walked to her electrical unit and flipped it on. Immediately Jessica started shrieking through her ball gag. Apparently the current running through her nipples and clit was pretty intense. 

Rachel turned the knob of the pear another few turns and then hung the second bucket from it with the shorter rope with hooks. The bucket hung about a foot above the floor of the stage. 

Now Rachel and Daphne teamed up together for the end of the session. Both girls took a hose that was used to clean up the stage after a night of sessions and started pouring water into the buckets. Daphne tended to the one connected to Jessica's nipples, while Rachel filled the one hanging from the pear. 

The mistress knelt down next to the bucket and held the water hose in one hand, while her other hand fucked the toilet brush slowly in and out of Jessica's pussy.

She continued until both buckets were as good as filled. 

- The End -





Review This Story
 || Email Author:     DolorDelectatio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





