BDSM Library - Taken in a dark parking lot




Taken in a dark parking lot
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:      Story of the time i was turned out against my will in a dark parking lot.






This is a true story. I can write it now because I don't care anymore, but back then it was the most devastating and humiliating episode in my life.

It started when I went to a sex shop to buy some poppers. Let me tell you first that I'm straight, or was straight, and my new girlfriend loved poppers. I was 27 years old, 5'9", and was in pretty good shape. You could say I had an easy time picking up girls, with my good looks and a decent game.

That night I went to this out-of-the-way sex shop in St. Petersburg, FL You know the kind, seedier than most, because normal sex shops don't sell poppers around here. I had been there a couple of times before and noticed that it was mostly gay men, and you could tell that there were a couple of blowjobs being traded in the dark parking lot behind the store.

I went in and decided to look around for a couple of minutes before going up to the register, where they kept what I came for. Browsing around, I walked by the butt plug area, and started wondering whether my new girlfriend would let me put one in her. There was a wide variety. Big, small, cock shaped, vibrating, even a "locking" one that expanded inside and was locked with a key. Too extreme, I thought and as I was reaching for a small, pink butt plug, I saw a huge arm reach from behind me, and grab the locking butt plug. I turned my head and saw this massive man, probably early 50's, about 6'4", towering above me. He had a goatee, and although he was wearing a leather jacket, something about him just told you he was a strong, powerful man.

He said with a grin "maybe you need something like this, instead," holding up the locking plug.

He was standing way too close to me, so I quickly stepped to the side and told him "I'm not a fag!" and hurried away. I could hear him chuckle, but decided walking away was the best course of action.

I was nervous and was trying to figure out what to do next, but the man went up to the register, paid for a few things and left. I was so relieved about not having to deal with him. I killed some time and then went up to the register to buy the poppers. I realized I still had the pink butt plug in my hand, so just went ahead and bought that too. I was finally out of there and looking forward to having a good time with my girlfriend.

This is the moment, I guess, my life changed. I was walking back to my car through the dark parking lot behind the store. There were only 4 other cars, and it was about 11:00 at night. I reached my car and was about to open the door when I felt a massive hand cover my mouth and I was pinned against the door.

Then I heard his voice again. "We meet again, little boy," he said, his mouth really close to my ear.

I was terrified, but I was not going to give up that easily. I started to struggle, and I quickly realized how useless it was. This man was so much stronger than me, and evidently knew what he was doing. He dragged me a couple of steps to the hood of the car and bent me over it, holding me down with one hand on the back of my neck and the other grabbing my wrist, twisting my arm behind my back. God, his hands were so strong. His hips were pinning my ass against the car, as he said "hold still, little boy. I have a surprise for you."

It all happened so fast. He twisted my arm a little more, so my body turned a little, trying to relieve the pain, and he reached with the other hand and ripped open the button fly of my jeans. He then yanked my jeans and briefs down to my thighs and with his foot he pushed them all the way down to my ankles.

"Let me go!" I protested several times, and in an act of false bravado i added "I'm gonna kick your ass if you don't stop!".

"We'll see about that, baby boy," he replied, talking to me like an adult talks to a young boy, as I felt the sharp sting of his hand slapping my ass, several times, very fast. "please stop," I begged, not so brave this time. I was going to cry for help, but I heard a couple of voices from nearby cars, saying things like "Teach that boy a lesson," and hoots and whistling. It was obvious no one there was going to stand up for me.

"I have something you'll love, little boy," he said, obviously mocking me. He interrupted the spanking long enough to spread my ass cheeks with one hand and spit on my hole. I couldn't believe this was happening. He put his middle finger in his mouth to lube it with his saliva, and then he placed it at the entrance to my hole. I tried to to clench my hole, but he just pushed and penetrated me without much trouble.

That was it for me. I was defeated. I was humiliated. I was being sexually assaulted by a man, and I started to cry. He kept talking to me, saying things like "oh yeah, that's a tight pussy" and "just let it happen, little boy, I know you like it." I was trying to conceal my crying, but as he moved his finger in and out he was making me whimper. Worse than that, he was alternating between fingering me and tugging at my dick. He would spit on his hand and play with my dick and I just couldn't stop myself from getting an erection.

He never let go of my wrist, and had complete control over me. I don't know what was more humiliating, being fingered while bent over the hood of my car or getting an erection at the same time, while listening to him tell me what a good little boy I was. I have to admit he had expert hands, and he was handling my dick like no girl ever had before. He even pulled my dick back between my legs and forced me to close them with his knees, trapping my dick and balls between them. He then went back to fingering me and as I squirmed, my dick would rub against my thighs and I would just get harder.

But he wasn't done. He said "I bought this just for you, baby," and I felt something metallic penetrate my hole. It was the locking butt plug. He probably had it in his pocket and had been planning this all along. I felt how he inserted it and locked it in place with a small key. I begged him not to do it, but i had no more fight in me. I was emotionally defeated from being sexually dominated by this man, and I was just hoping he would let me go soon.

And then something unexpected happened. He just turned around and started walking away. I was frozen for a moment, not knowing what to do, and I realized I had a butt plug locked firmly in place. I clumsily lifted myself from the hood of my car and turned around. I tried taking a step towards him, to beg him to take the plug out, but I had my pants and briefs around my ankles and fell to the dirt floor of the parking lot. I lifted myself up as I heard a couple of voices laughing at this and wobbled towards my tormentor, while trying to pull my pants up and walk with an uncomfortable butt plug in my ass.

I caught up to him and begged him "please don't leave me like this" through my tears. I was so thoroughly humiliated I did not care anymore if he saw me cry, and I tugged at his jacket and cried like a little boy "please please take it out."

He just chuckled and said "look at you, crying like a little baby. He caressed my face like a father would his son and said "are you going to be a good boy for me?"

"Yes yes I will" I replied, relieved that there was something I could do to have him take the butt plug out.

With a stern voice he gave me his orders. "Drop your pants and suck your thumb like the crybaby that you are." I did as he ordered immediately, and he rewarded me with his fatherly tone again "good boy," as he held my hand in his like I was a child and played a little with dick. I can't deny It was pleasurable. He knew how to use his hands, and he had me so psychologically dominated that I was actually happy I was following his orders correctly.

He said "come with me, little boy," and led me by the hand to his car, as I wobbled with my pants around my ankles and my thumb in my mouth. He walked me to the the passenger's side and opened the door. I thought he wanted me to get in, but instead he sat down with his legs outside, opened his fly, and produced a large and thick and beautiful 9 inch cock. I was paralyzed.

"Get on your knees and show me what a good cocksucker you are, and I'll let you go, little boy," he declared.

I had no choice. What else could I do. Luckily we were at the end of the parking lot, and the open door covered the view. I got on my knees, opened my mouth, closed my eyes, and wrapped my lips around the head of his cock. He was rock hard, and I was still struggling with the fact that I had a man's cock in my mouth when he put his hand on the back of my head and pushed me down.

"You're gonna give me a real blowjob, little boy, or I'll take your pants and leave naked and plugged right here," he threatened.

"You're gonna swallow every drop of my cum and, at the end, I want you to look me in the eye and thank your daddy."

I knew his threats were not empty. I resigned myself to my fate and started giving him the best blowjob I could. I imagined how I liked it and tried to do the same. His words of encouragement soon followed. "Good boy," he cooed, and as he stroked my hair he added "daddy is really proud of you." he kept talking to me all the time, telling me how daddy's cock felt so good and how proud daddy was of his little boy. He pulled me closer by taking my arms and pulling them to his sides and back, so I was hugging him and sucking his cock at the same time.

I could only imagine the view. My pants around my ankles, my exposed ass wiggling from the sensations the butt plug was giving me, my head buried in this man's lap while he stroked my hair and told me what a good little cocksucker I was.

Then I felt it. He started to buck his hips and grunt and I knew he was about to cum. His hand guided my head up and down faster as I was bringing him to a climax. I knew I was going to swallow his load, but I really wasn't ready for it. He got louder and and in between grunts and "oh yeah" he said "take daddy's semen in your tummy like a good boy" and he shot his creamy cum in my mouth.

He flooded my mouth with his seed and I swallowed as much as I could. I did a pretty good job, actually, and I was kinda proud of that. After I sucked every drop from his cock I lifted my head, hoping he wouldn't make me say it, but he just caressed my face and looked at me. I knew what I had to do and said, with a childlike voice, "thank you, daddy."

I was startled by a couple of voices behind me, laughing at the scene, and saying things like "he's real cocksucker now" and "that little boy never stood a chance". I guess a couple of men from the other cars had walked to where I had been giving him a blowjob and had watched the whole thing. There was no end to my humiliation, but I was not fighting it anymore.

I was still on my knees, waiting for him to take the butt plug out. He instructed me to crawl forward towards the seat of the car, so I was bent over it and he said "first your reward, baby."

I had no idea what he was talking about, but it then became obvious. He reached between my legs and grabbed my dick and started jacking me off, to make me cum. I just wanted this to end, and I tried to turn around to tell him but he grabbed the back of my neck and pushed me down again.

"Stay still, little boy. We're done when I say so," he declared. I knew the other two men were watching, but there was nothing I could do. He was still holding my neck when reached into his pocket, opened a bottle of poppers and shoved it in my nose. "take a good whiff," he ordered.
"Daddy's gonna make you feel real good." I tried to fake it and not inhale, but he kept shoving it in my nose and I just gave in and inhaled several times. The feeling was overwhelming, and as he kept spitting in his hand and jacking me off I was in another world, moaning and biting my lip and giving in to the sensations and his hypnotic words. Finally I was about to cum and my ass started twitching around the butt plug. "oh yeah, baby, feel that orgasm in your pussy" he said as he brought me to a climax and made me cum more than I had ever cum before.

I was slumped on the seat, my knees on the ground, my pants around my ankles, as he finally unlocked the butt plug and took it out. He pulled me out of the car and bent down to kiss me, probing my mouth deeply with his tongue. This caught me by surprise, and I could do nothing but take it. He broke off the kiss and said "daddy has big plans for you, little boy. Your life will never be the same. This is only the beginning."

Those were his final words. He left me the on the ground, walked to his side of the car and drove off.

I pulled my pants up and tried to leave the parking lot as fast as I could, before any of the other men got any ideas. I reached my car and found the bag with the small, pink butt plug and poppers I had bought. I picked it up and drove off in a hurry, trying in vain to process the events of the night, the humiliation, the things i did, and his last words.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jay from St Pete


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





