BDSM Library - An Arranged Marriage




An Arranged Marriage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Set way into the future this story is about a girls arranged marriage to a viscious man.






The year is 2089. The world as you know it, no longer exists. In 2023 the female slave trade hit an all time high. Women were kidnapped, drugged, tortured constantly raped and sold to harems, farms and sadists all over the world. Governments where at a loss of what to do; they tried to take out as many organisations as they could in the eastern countries, but they spread further and further until it was too late to stop. Men in office overthrew the women quickly by passing laws trapping them until finally one man brought every country together. In 2040 a new order came into force and Amyl Parallax was named leader of the world. 
He declared all men born where to be raised by men in schools around the world. Any women were to remain with their families and be uneducated apart from household chores. At the age of 18 if the women hadn&#8217;t been sold or married they would be taken by the government and used in the schools for practice. Women where never to be clothed unless the male wished them to be, they were not to look at any male unless told to, they must always kneel in the presence of a male, and most importantly they are to be silent.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Part 1 - The Wedding
My mother came to me when I was 18 years old.&nbsp; She said I was to be married in the morning. I sat there whist the sense of relief washes over me, at lease I will not go to a school. From my early teachings I learned not to always listen and respect any male.&nbsp; My mother had taught me well. That night she told me all about the marriage. The ceremony lasts a mere 15minutes, although it might be longer depending how quickly you suck your husband off i have some practice on my father when my mother was entertaining his friends. The female is to kneel at the feet and look at the ground. Only males can attend the service. Females are tied to posts outside like animals.&nbsp; 
My father enters with my dress. We looked at the floor as he entered and laid it on my bed. 
&#8216;Sleep daughter. I do not want to be disappointed in the morning.&#8217; He commanded. He attached a leash to my mother&#8217;s collar and led her away from me forever. I would never see her again. 

At 6am I was awakened by 3 women. All of them were covered head to toe. I could only see their eyes. One washed me and started on my hair. The other painted my nails. And the third applied makeup. When they finished they stood me up and took a white dress out of the garment bag. It was big and heavy; all three of them put it on without giving me underwear. The train of it was 3 metres. It covered every part of my body apart from my head. My hands had gloves on. The main part of it was a corset that pushed my impressive DD tits out. One of the women then came in with cuffs and metal chains.&nbsp; She lifted the hem of the dress and tightly clicked the cuffs on each ankle. She also put the short metal chain in-between them giving me little movement. She brought my hands in front and cuffed them together so i could not separate them. She attached a short chain to my hands which was like a leash. Finally came the collar and veil, the collar again was metal but it was thick, it kept my neck straight and my head up. The woman who did my hair brought the veil over my face, I was finally ready. 
The weddings take place in the centre of the town in a small marquee. I am taken to a car and placed in the back. The windows are dark on the outside so no one can see in. 
I was led out of the car and placed in a marquee for final checks. I was instructed to kneel and look at the floor at all times, they attached another chain to my collar and bolted it on the floor and then they left. Moments later a guard entered, he took the leash from the floor and pulled on it, the time had come. He led me down the aisle to my new husband. I was permitted to walk down the aisle as a show of brief freedom but I kept my eyes on the floor. At the altar was a tiny pole with a metal cock on the end. It was small, my dress was lifted and I was ordered to spread my legs and kneel. The pole was raised until the 2 inch cock was inside me impaling me upon it. I suddenly started to tingle. I had to remain still but I found it hard with the cock in me, pulsing. A hand grabbed my hair yanking my head back and the wedding began. I listened to the story of our Lord and why men should be honoured and pleasured for the rest of time. The man at my side was blessed and given the blade of marriage. 
I was aching now wanting to move off this infernal cock. I need to release but couldn&#8217;t. I was turned to face my now husband.
&#8216;What are you?&#8217; he said gruffly
&#8216;Your wife slave&#8217; I replied
He cut my dress and let it all fall to the floor and lifted me off the cock and set me on my knees.
&#8216;Prove it&#8217; he demanded
His cock was in front of my face I had never seen one this big before. Compared to the metal one I had been on this was at least 5 times the size. I took it in my mouth and sucked and gagged on it. He grew hard and after a few minutes pushed me off and cummed all over my naked body. The crowd of men cheered. He held my leash and pulled me to kneel behind him. My chains were reattached by guards so this time i had cuffs on my wrists with a short chain connecting them. In the middle of that was a longer chain that went in-between my legs to the back of my collar it rubbed my throbbing pussy. Finally my ankle cuffs still have the same as my hands without the long chain. I was to crawl through the crowd of me as they fondled, slapped and fingered. Once through I was taken to his awaiting car. The car pulled away and I left my home for the very first time. I thought all had gone well until he slapped me and pushed me off the seat. The collar and chains chinked as I fell. 
&#8216;Whore, you will never sit on a seat again, you are trash and remain on the floor.&#8217; He said spitting on me. I looked at him for the first time. He was older than I by a good 8 years; he had many muscles, brown hair and stern grey eyes.
&#8216;Get me an apple&#8217; he ordered, I grabbed an apple with both hands and scurried back to him. He yanked on the chain attached to my hands bringing them up to his mouth and took a bite. He had kicked his shoes and socks of and was pushing his toes into my pubic hair. 
&#8216;This will be clear before I fuck u whore. Make sure there is never hair.&#8217; He continued to play &#8216;Spread your legs whore.&#8217; I did as far as I could with the restraints on my ankles, it made the other chain dig in and rub with his movements.. He worked his toe over my clit, and down towards my opening. I felt wetness in my pussy; he felt it on his toe.
&#8216;You dirty fucking whore lick my toe of your filth.&#8217; I did though with my arms still raised so he could eat it was not easy. 
&#8216;Get your god out and serve it&#8217; I hesitated and earned a grab of my hair. I pulled away his garments with my teeth undid the zip, and took the large thick pulsing tool in my mouth. Hot warm liquid when gushing into my mouth, I spluttered and dropped some on him.
It took me a few minutes to get my Barings. I was still in the car I knew that much. My head ached and there was a pain in my stomach. My arms were raised above me and I was kneeling. I felt something in me again whirring and making the wetness come back. I felt a sting on my nipple and realised I was being whipped awake. 
&#8216;That will be the last time you ever spill anything I put in your mouth whore. I do not care for a wife. I needed someone I could have to do my every wish. Pleasure me, clean, cook, be my toilet. It appears I have chosen poorly whore?&#8217;
&#8216;MMMPhh&#8217; I tried to beg him but I had been gagged.
The whirring in my pussy continued, he was whipping me at irregular times causing me more frustration. I needed the release. 
&#8216;Would my whore like to cum?&#8217;
&#8216;Mmmweeeeaseee massssphhheeerr!!&#8217; I begged
&#8216;Too bad whore, I don&#8217;t care for your needs. This is your punishment for not serving me first. We have an hour&#8217;s ride left, enjoy my precious cunt wife!!&#8217; he put head phones on and an eye mask and went to sleep. 

Part 2 Wedding Night

The car finally slowed. My husband woke not looking at me. He undid my hands from the ceiling and pulled me off the vibrator. Sheen of sweat covered my naked body. I was exhausted, I hadn&#8217;t been able to cum and constantly being on the verge had left me in despair. The car stopped in front of a mansion the door opened and he pulled me out. Again I walked behind him; he led me to the first room off the main entrance. It was a large room
I looked at the house it was dark and big. Great ivy bushes covered the face of it. The gardens where large and a huge stone wall ran for miles around the perimeter. This house, no I lie, this mansion had a large ballroom, dining room, lounging area, entrance, 9 large bedrooms and studies, 4 bathrooms. Underground was a kitchen, bathroom and bedroom and a room he would show me later. This mysterious room had many locks and bolts on it. I wondered what it was for. In the downstairs bedroom was a cell with a thin mattress and cloth, two buckets. Chains hung from the ceiling, off the walls and on the floor. I turned to him and opened my mouth to speak when he slapped me with all of his force.
I stumbled and fell to the stone floor gasping and crying in pain.
He was on top of me before I knew anything else. 
&#8216;Welcome to your new life whore. I don&#8217;t need a wife to show off around town, eat my food and sleep in my bed. What I did need was a free slave that I didn&#8217;t need to pay for. The fact that I can use you for absolutely everything is a bonus. So as of now you are my whoring slave, who will do everything I ask without question. If you do not you will be punished, sold or killed. I don&#8217;t mind which.&#8217;
I started to struggle and speak, but he just sat on me slapping my cheeks alternately punching my stomach. I cried hysterically when he put the biggest dick gag in my mouth I had ever seen. My jaws hadn&#8217;t recovered from the last one.
&#8216;If you ever speak without permission I will whip you till you bleed. You will learn to always look at my cock and nothing else. And you will always keep my food on the table, my house clean and my bladder empty.&#8217; 
&#8216;This was made especially for you to remind you of where you belong in this marriage.&#8217; He snapped a wrought iron collar around my neck. He locked it with a key that he put on a chain around his neck. He then took the ring at the front of the collar and picked up a chain of the floor and attached them together. He then stripped, and advanced towards me with a mad glint in his eye. I screamed and edged away but he grabbed me easily.
He flipped me onto my stomach and sat on my back, I could feel his cock hardening, his hands on my wrists unlocking cuffs and reconnecting them behind me. I felt rope around my elbows pulling them closer together it was torture on my shoulders and I realised my tits were pushed out. He pulled me to a standing position, my hysterics where continuous now I had never had sex and this was not what my mother described. He bent me forwards connecting my elbows to something dangling from the ceiling. I felt his rough hands on my tits, he groaned, all I could see was his feet. Next came clamps, these buggars hurt I don&#8217;t know how long i screamed for, but one on each nipple nearly made me faint, he then applied weights to them and I did faint at that. He brought me back with a cane on my ass, giving me nice red welts. He criss-crossed over my back and then stopped. I sighed, tears flowing down my face.
&#8216;That&#8217;s right whore, I&#8217;m your master now and you know it, there is no one to save you, you are mine till I don&#8217;t want you anymore.&#8217;
I felt his cock at my virgin ass. Without warning he pushed straight in without lube or anything. I screamed again but did not faint. It wasn&#8217;t slow or romantic, it was fast and hard. His balls smacked my ass with each thrust until I felt him go faster as he grew, then he stopped.
I jumped as something wet hit my back, his cum there was a lot. I felt him patting my ass before the tip of his cock pushed at my pussy.
I tensed in anticipation of the pain. He waited and waited, I was hysterical with fear, and then without warning in he rammed his 12 inch cock! I felt blood run down my legs as he split my hymen, he was relentless, I gave up and let my body hang by my elbows. 
It was over in a few minutes he shot his load into me. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Annonymous23


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





