BDSM Library - The Erotica Novels Meeting




The Erotica Novels Meeting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A male stokes up the courage to allow himself to be viewed in the flesh at an amateur literary guild meeting. He finds the other members who turn up are all women, and they are very interested in his tales, and more.






He'd been writing erotica for some time now, and had enjoyed a reasonable amount of feedback from the sites he'd frequented and had his stories published at. He'd been asked several times if he'd like to attend an informal meeting of authors from a site, all with similar interests. The majority of his work centred on his love of dominant females and the fantasies 
he often had about them. Meeting such women was a dream to him, and he was not sure about how his exposure would make him react. It was this that had kept him from attending till now.
On this occasion he had received persistent and friendly contact from several people on the site, and the meet was at a remote country pub; he was unlikely to meet anyone he knew from his mundane day to day life, and he thought discussing his tales, and his penchant for assertive women with other authors might prove therapeutic. He bit the bullet and mailed back to his contacts to say he'd be at the venue.
His mind was buzzing as he drove to the pub. He was a bag of nerves as he parked the car and walked in. He would case the joint first in order to get a feel of what he was in for; if the place was full of small beady-eyed men in plastic macs, he was off. He ordered a pint and a buxom woman behind the bar smiled at him as she pulled the pint for him. There were more women than men in the seated areas and he did not see anyone who looked remotely like they would possess a plastic mac. As he paid the bar maid she whispered to him on receiving the change.
"If you're here for the Erotic authors group, they're sat in the lounge round the back." He thanked her and plucked up the courage to walk round and see. There at the back, was a small and cosy lounge which looked quite busy, he walked straight in and looked for a suitable group of males to introduce himself to.
There were none. He hovered for a moment when an attractive middle aged woman stood up and asked if he was there for the meet? He replied in the affirmative and the woman smiled broadly.
"Do come and sit with us, you can introduce yourself, it's so good to have some male company; you're the only one so far!" The women made a space for him and then hemmed him in as they jostled eagerly to find out which author he was. He was hesitant at first as he did not want to offend any of these women; they all looked so middle class and upright. He then reasoned with himself; this is an erotica meeting you fool, that's why they're here.
He announced who he was and the women smiled wickedly at him. A buxom blonde of about 55 in a tight black dress with black stockings and sexy stilettos leaned into him with interest.
"I love your femdom novels; they are so realistic; are they based on your experiences, or is it pure fantasy?" He swallowed hard on a gulp of ale; he had nearly finished the pint already.
"It's all pure fantasy I'm afraid." The women giggled; somehow he had now made it quite apparent from his simple response, that these were his personal fantasies, rather than something which would simply provide a theme of interest in order to sell a book.
The women all looked at him knowingly; one puffed a little smoke at him to gain his attention, and smiled, she really wanted to blow it in his face. Her pussy was already tingling at the thought of having a genuinely submissive male sat opposite her; the possibilities of some entertainment were imminent.
Before he could say yes or no; one of the women had bought him another drink. She shuffled her shapely breasts at him, sitting down as he thanked her. She puffed herself up and poked her tongue out of one side of her mouth provocatively.
"Elaine Hardwicke will be here soon; she loves your tales and avidly awaits each publication on the site; she will be so pleased to meet you." The women smirked at each other and eyed him as they probed him with questions about his various tales; they took great delight in mentioning some of the more explicit parts, which had him blushing, but also gave him an erection; he was beginning to enjoy the subtle humiliation being worked by the women.
A warm and sweet smelling mature brunette, who had squeezed warmly up against him, had removed her shoe; she ran her stockinged foot up and down his calf as she listened to an account of a story. He was now more than a little conscious of the bulge in his trousers, which was now patently apparent. One of the women smiled as she looked up toward the entrance.
"Elaine's here." The woman who avidly read his tales was a stunning redhead, elegant and very shapely. Like some of the others she was dressed in black; a tight dress showing her curvy, ample body, set off with black stockings and stilettos. Her dress was forties style, and she was facially very, very, attractive. Her 5'8" or so made her a very imposing sight; the stilettos making her almost as tall as he. She must have been fifty, and her mature years only served to complete the picture. She was the epitome of any submissive man's dreams.
He swallowed hard as she approached; whatever else happened today, he already had her featured in a million fantasies in his head. He would have even greater difficulty in confining his excitement now. The blonde and the brunette snaked their arms about him as she came over.
"Guess who we have here Elaine?" Said the teasing brunette as the stunning new arrival put her knees together gracefully, and he watched her delightful rear descend to a seat; she did this sideways on, as if to offer him the best view possible in subtle fashion. She looked at the man opposite who she'd already decided was 'passable'.
"No, who do we have the pleasure of?" her voracious green eyes scanned him up and down, as she smiled softly with the expectation engendered by the emphasis of the question. The brunette toyed with his hair as he almost went into a cold sweat, and then faced the glorious Elaine to respond.
"Who's your favourite author at Erotica.Novels.Com?" Elaine's smile turned to a sort of wicked sneer as her mouth opened and she licked her lips; her wide eyes held him transfixed like a rabbit in a car's headlamps.
"Oh heaven, I'd expected you'd be a small fat man, bald with bottle-bottom glasses, complete with gabardine raincoat. Of course I'd fantasised you'd be, well ... much the way you are!" He smiled weakly back at her in embarrassment; he was somehow very uncomfortable with the fact that this electrifying woman had actually indicated that she found him remotely attractive. His cock bulged none the less. She stood, as though to pounce and devour her pray, and looked at the brunette.
"Would you mind?" The brunette reluctantly gave up her seat and Elaine nestled eagerly next to him. The initial shock over, she composed herself as she now toyed with his hair and smiled wickedly at him. She deftly put her hand on the bulge.
"Tell me which of your stories is your favourite and why." She puckered her hot red lips as she felt his cock pulse under her hand; both hand and member appreciated the soft warmth. He could not lie; his favourite, in which he had poured out just about all of his inner emotions and deepest desires, concerned a dominant redheaded mistress who was mature in years.
The other women seemed to close in around him too; he felt captured and also felt Elaine's fingertips caressing the very tip of his cock, which was now making a damp patch through the fabric. She crossed her legs, offering him a view of her sumptuous thighs, and rubbed the inside of his cheek to regain his full attention.
"How does it feel to be surrounded by dominant women?" She said in a matter-of-fact tone. The others laughed and giggled softly. The question hit him like a sledgehammer; this wonderful woman was so open, and he was struck dumb.
"Well?" She said as she rubbed his crotch just a little more vigorously. He gasped and found his voice; it was undeniable.
"It feels wonderful; I've never had the pleasure before." He felt like a schoolboy in a staff room; the women knew this, and like a team of headmistresses they would enjoy educating him; it was now obvious he would be fair game for them, as he showed none of the cockiness oft displayed by other males. True to his tales, he was submissive to females and they were now bent on having him enjoy their company.
Elaine leaned over and kissed him softly on the cheek, the warmth of this woman who would enjoy him, gave him a thrill he could not have imagined in his fantasies; the women giggled at the perfect impression the lips left as she drew back, caressing the back of his neck, as she made her next move.
"We're all going back to my house later; I want you to come too. I'm sure we ladies can give you some lovely ideas for your next story; is there anyone at home who will miss you?" He was gripped between fear and elation as the women smiled knowingly at him, waiting for his answer. They were like cats toying with a captured bird; their pleasure grew by the minute with each tease. He was divorced and lived alone.
He had not the strength to invent someone waiting for him, nor did he want to; once they knew they would eat him alive. His erection stiffened as he announced he was alone. The women chuckled and expressed their delight; Elaine squeezed closer to him.
"That's decided then, you'll come along and entertain us; I might even keep you for dinner." He managed a smile at this and she put her arm round him; it was as though she owned him already. They had a couple more drinks then the women stood, almost in unison as if by some unseen signal. His face was assailed by a mass of wicked and assertive smiles. Elaine clasped his hand.
"You'll come with me now; we're all ready to have some fun at my house." He looked at the elegant woman's beautifully round bottom as she virtually pulled him along to her car; his heart raced and his erection pulsed. The other women giggled and fondled his arse as they took him away.
The buxom barmaid smiled as she saw the man's car still in the car park at closing time that night; it was still there at dawn. Somewhere, a man knelt naked before a supremely dominant woman; he was being taught how to live out his fantasies, and she was indulging hers.










After he left the pub with the ladies from the meet, he was sat in the middle of the back seat of Elaine Hardwicke's car, hemmed in by the blonde and brunette doms. They teased him with stories about riding crops, crucifixes and ritual castrations; this only served to make his erection all the harder.
He caught Elaine's eyes looking at him in the mirror, and looked at her delicate hands, gloved in black leather as they gripped the wheel; he had only just met this woman but longed to be dominated by her, she was so crushingly superior. The eyes smiled in the mirror as she saw him looking, and joined in with the tease,
"I do so love to use the riding crop, it's so easy to handle and very effective in administering a deserved punishment; the flexibility and impact of the leather tongue is exquisite, I've reduced many grown men to tears using one." His cock bulged as he imagined the utter humiliation of crying before such a woman, though if it pleased her it would be an honour.
It was a short journey to her house, the car leaving the main road and down a leafy drive to a comfortable looking pre-war detached house. The brunette grabbed his cock and balls as they approached. A black haired Bettie page look-alike who occupied the front passenger seat, looked at him wickedly as she put a cigarette in her mouth ready for when she exited the car; she blew at him mockingly prior to igniting it, he knew she wanted to blow smoke in his face, and perhaps stub out her cigarette on him.
"There's no going back now, we have you and you're going to please us all before you're allowed home &#8211; if at all." Elaine looked back as she pulled the hand-brake up smartly, and caressed it as though it were a phallus,
"You'll give me your car keys now; I don't want you sneaking off if you get scared; you'll leave if and when I'm ready to let you go home, and then I may come with you, I may wish to take ownership of you." She smiled contemptuously at him as he timidly did as he was told and handed her his keys without question. The brunette felt his cock pulse as he did so, and gave him a gentle squeeze; she knew he would perform well under their strict domination.
The blonde and brunette took an arm each as he was marched to the front door; Elaine's pussy tingled with excitement as she put the key in the lock, she thought of the texts of his stories and knew he would indulge her most dominant fantasies.
Two other women from the party came in another car; he would entertain six at the house. His sphincter clenched, tingling with fear and anticipation.as he was taken into the house and the door was closed behind him. He watched Elaine's bottom mincing in the tight dress as her long elegant legs perched on stilettos strutted before him. Oh how he hoped he would be allowed to worship that arse.
He was taken into a lounge with large and comfortable black leather seating. The women stood in a circle around him as Elaine picked a wicked looking flexible cane from a chair and cut the air with it; he flinched and the women laughed at his obvious vulnerability. She pointed the cane to a padded mat in the middle of the floor.
"Take your clothes off and kneel there immediately!" He started to strip, and the women removed their over garments and sat in the circle of leather seats, crossing their legs and watching him strip. They taunted him about his little cock and some of them stroked it with the heels of their stilettos.
A French maid came in with drinks which she handed to the women; she saw some were smoking so she handed an ashtray to him, so he might be of some use. The women laughed at this gesture and those that smoked, puffed away, just so they could flick their ash in his direction.
Elaine pulled her chair in close and toyed with his cock with the cane. He was completely mesmerised by the woman, who sneered down at him; she adjusted her legs by re-crossing them; allowing him a glimpse of black silk panties. He so wanted to be allowed to please her. As though telepathic, she smiled and asked;
"What would you most like to do for a woman, as a submissive male? I want you to be honest with me; I shall know if you are lying and you'll feel the cane if so." He could not lie to her and blushed as he thought; he would now humiliate himself before six women.
"I would like to lick your arse for you." The women laughed at him, but were all tingling with anticipation now; having their arses licked would be most enjoyable, Elaine sneered all the more at him, but was now very excited herself. She was becoming more and more fond of her favourite writer and would definitely like to keep him to herself.
"We shall play a little game with you now; I'm sure you will enjoy it." She smiled as she wriggled out of her black silk panties, and the other five women giggled as they did the same.
"You shall be allowed just one sniff of each lady's panties then you shall be blindfolded. We will then throw our panties into a pile. You will then be allowed to sniff them in turn, and will sniff at each lady's womanhood till you find the owner. If you are correct, you will be allowed to lick the owners arse and pussy until satisfaction is archived; if incorrect, you will be caned by the owner of the panties." The women all squirmed on the leather seating in anticipation of the start.
They downed their drinks and enjoyed the beginning of his humiliation as he was made to sniff Elaine's silk.
He hoped upon hope that her scent would be as outwardly dominant as the formidable women herself and be distinct from the others; he would willingly accept five canings if only he was allowed to lap at this supreme woman's most intimate places.
She looked at him with contempt as he sniffed at the highly seasoned crotch of her panties, taking extra time over the rear part. His cock was rigid as he took in the delectably feminine smells of each woman's panties; three wore silk and three wore soft cotton, he would have half a chance of realising his dream.
As he sniffed at the blonde's panties, Elaine tied a napkin over his eyes. The women poked him with their stilettos just for fun, and threw their panties into a pile in the middle of the floor. He chose the first pair and sniffed long and hard at the sweetly scented crotch. He was then guided to the women, who giggled as they spread their legs in turn.
His cock pulsated as he was allowed into the warmth between each woman's thighs to sniff the heavenly feminine aromas he sniffed all six but was bewildered by the intoxicating scents of the women. He plumped for one; she lifted the blindfold and as he looked up at the brunette, she shook her head and smiled wickedly. The Betty Page look-alike claimed her panties and took the cane from Elaine.
She licked her lips as the other five looked on whilst he was laid over the arm of a large leather chair. He was awarded six strokes and wailed in pain as the black haired woman showed him no mercy with all six. She stood dominantly over him when she had done, enjoying watching him writhe in discomfort; six red lines blushed across his cheeks.
The women were now thoroughly enjoying the evening. His cock wilted a little as his eyes welled up, but soon sprang back to full stiffness as the blindfold was replaced and he sniffed again. The panties he chose were silk, but he was sure they were not Elaine's. He sniffed frantically at the giggling women and was sure he'd located the succulent womanhood of the owner. His blindfold was lifted and once more the woman he chose shook her head.
The panties were claimed and a disappointed owner gave him a venomous six of the best which had the tears running down his cheeks.
The women revelled in his shame and pain. He was beginning to think it was hopeless. He picked silk again and his cock pulsed at the scent, he was sure this rich fragrance was Elaine's; he was passed amongst the women and duly sniffed at the gorgeously scented pussies. He came to the prize he sought and sniffed long and hard. He stayed there, the blindfold was lifted and Elaine smiled down at him. Her pussy tingled as she nodded her head in confirmation.
"Now you'll lick my arse, and then you'll pleasure my pussy; I shall cane you as well if you don't satisfy me." His cock bobbed rigidly as she slowly lifted her legs and allowed him in. he gratefully licked and probed with his tongue until Elaine was satisfied he'd done a worthy job. She then lifted his head to her womanhood and he lapped away with relish.
Elaine purred with pleasure as the other women looked on jealously. He licked and lapped at the slippery folds and up to the clitoris where he worked his tongue vigorously. Elaine moaned and wriggled as he pressed home with his task and then she sighed and grunted in ecstasy as he brought her home. Sated, she stroked his face and hair warmly, and had him satisfy the other five in turn.
When he'd finished the last, his tongue ached and his lips were sore. The women smiled and nodded at each other, then all stood in a semi-circle as he knelt before them. He was allowed to abuse himself at their feet, and duly shot spurt after spurt of his sticky mess in their honour. One by one they left Elaine's house, making him promise that he would be available to them once more.
He was now alone with Elaine. She kept him on his knees as she stroked his hair and told him of her plans for him; his cock rose again at what she told him. He was happy to think that she would own him and he looked up to his new Mistress, willing to do anything she commanded of him.
She put a collar and leash on him, and led him up to her bedroom. The house he lived in was sold and Elaine took charge of the money received for it. He belonged to Elaine now, and would sniff her panties eternally.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Midsummerman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





