BDSM Library - White Family's Future




White Family's Future
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  In future Blackruled society of New Obeah, all the members of the Johnson family become entertainers and sex workers






White Family Future!
TJ Ryder
http://midnightx.com/fpage/fpage.html


The OBEAH Tribal council in the new state of 
Zululand concluded their business and was preparing for 
the evening's entertainment. The all black and mostly male
audience was joking and laughing and being served drinks 
as they sat in a circle of chairs around the wooden dance floor.

The Tribal chieftain wearing traditional robes smiled at tonight's 
program. Javonne Williams, ex NFL superstar pointed to the picture
of one of the dancers. His buddy 'Too Tall' Cyrus Jones nodded.

"Dat's raht, chief. Ah caught dere act in what's left of 
Detroit last month. She's real hot! We booked the Johnson family cuz
we know how you lahk redheads!"

The big man grinned, licking his lips, "awyeahh, another white
family huh! Somethin fo the rest of the boys too hah?"

"Well yeah, plus they can use the gig. Wer'e trying to use locals
whenever you can!" 

"Good Idee!" 

*********

In the tawdry dressing room with flickering light provided by
a generator a big fat black man knocked and came in. He leered at
the buxom redhead in front of the mirror primping up her makeup,
nearly naked in her sheer belly dancer outfit. Then he looked
at the husband standing behind her fixing her long dark red locks
of hair. Then at the children, two girls and a boy, also primping up
with what they had for costumes, mostly rags sewn together.

"Johnson Family! Yo comin on last! Haw haw, you be the, haw haw,
finale!"

Lois turned her head, "we'll be there!"

"Betta be, cuz yo the clean-up act, haw haw!"

After he left, Lois looked over at her children!

"Hurry up kids! Terry, not much makeup, it'll just run
when sperm or cuntcream hits it!"

The lovely teenage blonde smiled, wiping some off downy
cheek.

"Yes mom!"

"And Timmy, try to stay within the circle tonight!"

Timmy groaned as he looked at himself in the mirror. Nearly naked
like his sisters, he didn't understand why he had to add lipstick
and eye gloss like they did!

"Last time wasn't my fault, mom" he lied! The circle was 
supposed to be for quick service, but he knew on this first
full moon, after doing that for a while he'd want to do a bit 
more.

"No matter. Did you shave your pubic hair?"

"Yes mom!" he groaned.

She looked at Emily then and smiled. "Well at least YOU don't
have to shave your pussy yet, honey!"

"I know mom! Is it a lot of people this time? I didn't have
time to finish last week!"

"Not many, couple dozen or so! And you have to learn to 
move faster!"

"I'll try!"

"Good girl!" Then she looked in the mirror and her husband.

"How about you too, honey! Is your pubic area shaved?"

'Just about going to, dear, soon as I finish your hair!"

"Oh, you'd better do it now, Jesse, my hair is good enough!"

The night was warm in the outside wooden platform, the blacks
had enjoyed the previous two acts, and now after the cheap rum
was served, most had partial hardons or wet pussies in anticipation
of the finale!

The fat manager came to the center, waving his hands 
and smiled. He announced that the final act is the Dance
of the Seven Veils, starring Salome and the rest of the Johnson Family!
Starting in ten minutes.

In the tent waiting for some natives to set up the stage,
Jesse blushed as he imagined what was going to happen, as always.

"How did it ever get to this honey?"

Lois frowned, "we can't dwell on the past, Jesse, not in
front of the children!"

Timmy smiled. "We already know mom. I found an old history book
in a trashpile!"

"That's probably forbidden," she said sharply. "I hope you 
threw it away!"

"I'm not stupid. But it is kind of weird. To find out that
blacks were not always our superiors! "

Lois turned to him, "Blacks are our superiors NOW! Just remember
that!"

"I know, but not all whites feel that way! Why are we different?"

Lois smiled, "why don't you explain it, dear?"

"Um, well, son, before the crash and all, your mother and I reached
an, um, understanding!"

"What?" asked Emily.

"He means I went out with black men while we were married, honey!"

"But so what? You do that now, mom. I mean we all do!"

"But, um, it wasn't really accepted by most people back then, dear!"

"Why not?"

"I can't explain it right now, dear. Just remember to do your jobs. 
Does everyone have a can?" They all said yes, displaying them.

"Good, now as usual, Jesse will accompany me on the cello, and I
think probably by the fourth veil, you children can come out and begin
circling around! Don't be pushy, just hold up the can "

"C'mon, mom!" Timmy laughed, "I think we know the drill by now!" 

"All right, fine!"

Jesse was still reeling from the question from his son, making him
realize what was just about to happen, but then the manager announced them.
The first full moon was a fertility dance, and these juju men and women
led their tribes and witch doctors for the next several days in an
orgy of impregnation.&nbsp; 

As soon as he walked out and the lights dimmed with a single spotlight
on the middle of the floor, playing a slow number as his gorgeous wife
began to dance, he could tell just by the scent in the air of all the sex
fluids ready to pop, all the pent up balls and huge black cocks and in
a couple cases, black vaginal seepage; even without the raucous crude
cheering and remarks.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Jesse had to admit he had a hardon in his panties himself,
feeling the odd combination of drum beating and arabian music.

p1

&nbsp;&nbsp; Lois smiled as she danced, he knew her pussy was wet already, picking out the 
chief as usual, a big black brute of a man. The chief was naked except
for a red silk loincloth, like most of the young black studs, and he
was already hard! As she gyrated, she teasingly dropped the first veil
and the bucks cheered. Now she began to work the audience, jiggling
close to the circle of chairs, smiling at each black face, arching her
butt or breasts out, moving on. She was pleased most already had hardons.
And they were mostly pretty attractive. The two black women were
kind of heavy, one bull was in his forties and already with his cock out
and his hand idly stroking it as he gave her a wink.

By the third veil, some calls were more insistent so Jesse groaned
and nodded to the tent entrance where his children waited. They came out
slowly, nearly nude, pale white under the lights, contrasting with the
big black bodies with shiny skin. Timmy and Emily circled counter clock
wise while Emily circled the other way, displaying their cans for donations
even though their eyes were looking at their bodies. They made one complete
circle, occasionally talking to the audience. Timmy looked over at
his mom, smiling as the anticipation of her fourth veil finally came off,
and her gorgeous body now reflected the light. The music increasing
the tempo now, and he knew it would start soon. Terry got grabbed first
as usual, put on a lap, a big black hand squeezing her breasts. After
he walked past the second time she was on her knees between his huge legs,
while the black man besides them had a hand on her bottom.

Emily, being smaller, was standing between the heavy middle aged
black man, as he cupped each firm butt cheek in her thong and french
kissed her, her can now on the ground. Oh brother, he groaned, now Iv'e
got a hardon in a tiny thong lace bikini bottom. Pausing as he watched
his gorgeous mother slip another veil off, he turned and saw Terry
getting off her knees, licking her lips, and thanking the man when he
dropped a coin into her can. 

'Wait a minit boy!" he heard and smiled a the big black scarred face!
Then he looked down at the huge drooling black knob and the swollen black
balls!

"Yes sir?" he smiled.

Twenty minutes later he had two spermloads in his empty stomach and
a few coins jingling his can, and passed his youngest sister Emily, still 
sitting on the fat man's lap as he hogged her time. Her top was on the
ground and he was pinching each nipple enough to make her squirm. 
His mom dropped her sixth veil with some cheering and by this time the
tribal chief had made her stand almost in front of him to continue
the dance so she was playing up to him.

&nbsp;&nbsp; p2

He smiled at the fat man pawing his sister, "Can I help you, sir?"

"Go away, boy!"

"Yes sir!"

After the seventh veil came off, his mom and pop smiled and bowed
graciously to the audience amidst cheering, and with a signal,
his mom went over to sit with the chief. Jesse groaned now as
he put down his cello. Now without the musical instrument, he
had to act just like his children, and picked up his own can and
walked around the circle, almost naked in a lace thong bikini.

Soon he was kneeling before two huge black thighs and sucking a 
giant black cock coincidentally right besides Terry doing the same
thing but to a fat black woman. 

**********************

Timmy smiled as he rose up, brushing off his knees as he licked
his lips. 

"Thank you, master!" to the sweaty young black face, and he
reluctantly put a coin into the can. The next black man who 
grabbed his wrist as he walked by was a little older.

"Hey boy, ah want to fuck dat sweet butt instead of a suck!"

Timmy smiled, looking at his giant seeping organ, "I have to
wait until mom goes off with the chief. I promised to stay inside
the circle!" He was not happy, but that was the rule, and Timmy
felt he needed that stiff black cock inside him. Then he saw his
father walk by, a strand of negroe sperm running from his lip.
He knew he wasn't happy. Nobody was making much money; he could
tell by the jingling in the cans. 

"Looks like we need a crowd pleaser!" he said in a low voice.

"You don't have to, dad! We can get by!"

"No, I already caught the look from your mother!" he sighed.


He shuddered at the idea, but it was his duty! So he walked
over to the fat black man who held Emily on his lap, and spoke to
him. At first the black man was angry, then he smiled arrogantly
and released the girl, as his father bowed submissively to thank 
him. The black man stood up then, his big belly with his hardon
underneath waving obscenely and signalled the manager, who
came running over, and they talked for a bit.

Soon the manager reached for the microphone.

"Bruthas and Sistahs, we have another act for your amusement 
tonight. In exchange for a personal service from the ruling class,
a member of the Johnson family is going to accept a whipping!"

The audience cheered at that. Timmy looked at the faces. They
loved to see a white person whipped. Soon the whipping cross was
set up as two big black bulls held his naked father by each arm, as he
looked so small and frail compared to their giant black bodies.

Soon, with the spotlight on his white body, he had his wrists
and ankles tied to the rack, and a giant black bull stood back
with a long thin whip. Timmy sighed, it had only been a week
since the last one. Soon it will be his turn to take his place
on the rack for the amusement of the ruling class, he shivered.

He looked over, seeing Terry looking over her shoulder as she
was on her knees between a fat black woman's thighs.

Emily was standing and watching, and he looked up at the raised
platform where the tribal chiefs sat, he saw his nearly nude
mother sitting on the chief's lap, both smiling. He thought 
they were about to leave to go to his tent before this incident
occurred and now they were staying to watch. The first whipcrack
followed by Jesse's scream startled him, and he looked to see
the red weal from shoulder to hip begin to ooze blood droplets.

A cheer went up! The next whip crack brought out another scream
as the audience delighted in the sound and the writhing twisting 
naked and helpless white man under the black man's whip. 

'I wonder how many he'll get this time', he wondered. It's 
usually only a dozen or so. As he continued to scream he looked
and saw his mother smiling at the sight as the chief fondled her
charms. Oh yeah, this is definitely going to inspire the crowd
to another round of creaming.

Jesse screamed and begged, pleaded and writhed, twisted
and turned as he was mercilessly whipped, as all three of his
children were now on their knees taking advantage of the effect it
was having on the black masters. Finally, a pail of water was thrown
over his sweating bleeding body and he was cut down. Tiredly,
he groaned and pushed himself up on his elbows, shaking water and
sweat droplets from his flushed face, and looked around for his
can. Then he noticed his wife and the chief rising no doubt to
retire to their tent. His hand on her hip as she turned and motioned
him over.

He approached submissively, standing six feet away and bowing,
getting a grin as the chief saw his striped back.

"Honey," Lois smiled, "keep an eye on Timmy will you? And we'll
signal you later!" She smiled as she squeezed the brawny black arm
brushed his chest with her breast. "Javonne likes to have the white
husband do clean up for us afterwards!"

Seeing the arrogant grin of the chief, he blushed, nodding.

"Yes ma'am!"

After they turned, he walked, still aching, to the circle, seeing 
a lot of black cock ready.

'Haw haw," a young teenage black male smiled, as Timmy knelt before 
him. "Bend down and kiss mah feet, white boy. Ah lahk seein those stripes
on yo back!"

"Kiss, mmmm, yes sir!"

An hour later, he was working through the circle, passing each of
his kids, except Emily, who was once again sitting on that fat black man's
lap, her small hand fondling his cock knob, and in between kisses, she 
put a finger on the slit, catching a droplet of precum and putting it up
to her lips and licking it. 

He was going to just walk on by when the man smiled. "Hey boy! Cmere!"

"Yes sir!"

"Ah gots an idee. Kneel down dere. You got a hungry cute lil nigga lover
heah boy, but she can't get her lil mouf ovah mah cock!"

'Yes, I can see that sir!"

"But ah think a pussy stretch mo dan a mouf, so ah want yo to help!"

He groaned, that cock was awfully big, and Emily looked a little scared.
But there was nothing he could do. A refusal would be another whipping, and
he couldn't take another one until his back healed.

'C'mon, honey!' he urged, cupping her bare butt cheeks, as he lifted her
up over the seeping rigid black pole.

"Oooh, I don't know, daddy... Iv'e already tried twice!"

"I know, but I'm going to help this time. Just relax, let daddy help
you!" He cupped her bottom, under her cunt, and spread her pussy, and
lowered it on the knob, getting precum juice all over her pussy now,
and she began to work it, squeezing, moaning, softly crying, but soon
he pulled her down and she screamed, bleeding a little, but finally the
knob slipped in. Sweating and red faced, she moaned, panting.

The black man leaned back, smiling, "Awyeahhh, nothin lahk tight 
young white pussy is it? Slide down now, honeychile!"

"Ooooh daddy, he's still soo big!"

"It's okay honey, just relax all your muscles, squeeze and relax,
and just start sliding down! After a few inches, she took a breath
and squeezed, her face red, and the cries of pain gradually changed to
pleasure.

"Just think honey," he smiled, hefting the man's huge hung heavy
balls, "think what a big load you'll be getting soon!"

"Mmmm..oooohhh yesss, oooh daddy, it still hurts, but it hurts good ooooh!"

Three chairs away Timmy was on his knees and looked over and smiled
as the big man tilted his chin back to face his seeping cock.

"Ah needs to piss befo ah can cum, boy. You got no problem wif dat
raht?"

Timmy smiled and held up his can, and the man shook his head and
frowned and reached into a pocket for a coin.

Two hours later, a smiling Lois emerged from the chief's tent feeling
so fulfilled and satisfied, followed by her husband Jesse, whose face was 
flushed not only by cleaning his wife's pussy and butt of her copious 
spermloads but tongue washing the chief's cock, balls and anus submissively
and then thanking him for his patronage. She looked around and saw the stage
and all the chairs empty except for her two daughters. Emily still was 
absently holding her sore crotch with one hand, and Terry idly twirling
her blonde hair. Both rose when they saw their parents approach.

"Did you gather up all the equipment and clothes?" Terry said yes.

"Good, how did we do, honey?"

Jesse shrugged, "not too bad. I don't know where Timmy is though!"

"Oooh my, we'll have to put some ointment on your back. Terry," she
said, "go find your brother and tell him we have to leave now!"

Timmy was laying under the giant black body in his tent, over a rug
just thrown over the sand, the man's semi flaccid but still huge cock
half buried in his stretched butt.

Hearing his sister's call as she walked around the tents he stirred,
feeling the weight big man partially pinning him.

"Bongo! I have to go!"&nbsp; The giant rolled off reluctantly and Timmy
groaned, clenching his butt cheeks and anus to prevent his spermload
from running out.&nbsp; He knew when he stood up or he would just pour
it all out on top of the black chief's rug, so he gingerly 
walked out the tent flap with his thumb in his anus only to see the
amused expression of his oldest sister, Terry.&nbsp; She smiled
with a hand on her hip, shaking her head.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mom's going to be pissed again!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Give me a break will you, got a butt plug or something?"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "I shouldn't even help you," she sighed but did open a little burlap sack
she used as a purse.&nbsp; He saw it had been used but inserted it anyway,
sighing as he was able to walk a little easier.&nbsp; Only a few drops
leaked out he felt running down the back of his thighs.

&nbsp;&nbsp; When he walked back stiffly back to see his family
waiting, well, Emily was squatting over his dad's face while his mom
watched, and she frowned when she saw him and more when she saw the
way he was walking.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "There you are, late again, and you didn't stay in the circle!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Sorry mom, he was a big time juju man.&nbsp; I didn't think it was 
proper to refuse him!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Probably wouldn't have noticed if you hadn't wagged your butt
in front of him!"&nbsp; He tried to look innocent but Lois didn't buy it!&nbsp; 

&nbsp;&nbsp; Little Emily sighed with pleasure as she rose off her father's 
soaked face, having cum one last time, as he licked his lips.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you daddy," she smiled a little smugly

&nbsp;&nbsp; He looked up at his wife's angry face and saw Timmy trying to 
look contrite.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "And you," she said, "he's your son, you should have watched
him!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "S-sorry, honey, b-but..."&nbsp; he couldn't watch him because he'd
been inside the chief's tent cleaning up after her but there was
no point in mentioning it.

&nbsp;&nbsp; Emily spoke up,&nbsp; "Mom, don't be so hard!&nbsp; Daddy showed me
how to slide down my biggest black cock ever tonight.&nbsp; And it was 
sooo good!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, " Lois said, "Timmy, you look down at your father's 
big blue balls!&nbsp; Those are the kind of balls our rulers like
to see on a white male.&nbsp; You look like you got off again!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; He tried to deny it but it wasn't possible.&nbsp; When the first spray
of that giant black cock splashed his insides like a hose he
spurted and they all knew it.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hmmm!" Lois said, looking at the accumulated coins they
earned, "not too bad, I suppose.&nbsp; Still not quite enough for all of us
to eat.&nbsp; So you boys will have to spermswap each other again and maybe
that will teach you something!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry smiled, loving to see them do that but Emily protested.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Mom, your'e being unfair.&nbsp; You said yourself Timmy got off already!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's not my fault!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Terry giggled.&nbsp; "Don't worry, mom.&nbsp; I know where my brother has
a nice hot load because it's running down his leg!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; Lois smiled,&nbsp; "I agree darling.&nbsp; Don't bother to get up, dear,"
she said down to her husband,&nbsp; "Timmy, go ahead and take your sister's
place over his mouth.&nbsp; And make a good seal, honey.&nbsp; You know on
a full moon it's a capital offense to waste negroe sperm!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "But. but..." he sputtered, seeing Timmy straddle his head and squat
his hand on the plug ready to pull it out as he lowered his butt.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "People will see me, not here, let's not do it here,no, no...!"

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls giggled as Timmy released a thick warm torrent of groady
negroe sperm into his open mouth!

**************************

&nbsp;&nbsp; blink blink His eyes blinked as he heard the giggle, 

"Jesse did you hear me?&nbsp; Have you sucked my panties clean yet?"
Lois' voice.

&nbsp;&nbsp; He realized he'd been day dreaming, his hands were twirling a 
washcloth over her glistening back in the huge bathtub.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, um, sorry, honey!" That was the taste in his mouth, her
used panties over his head with the crotch over his mouth, making
his inflated unrelieved testicles ached more with every taste.

&nbsp;&nbsp; She giggled, "youv'e been sucking those panties, they should be
clean by now!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; He dragged his tongue over the crotch, inhaling the scent, and
he could barely detect their black master's sperm and her own cuntcream!

&nbsp;&nbsp; "Pretty much clean, dear, can I take them off?" he asked hopefully.

&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, you simply can't help from kissing my back and neck when you
wash me so I put them on to stop you!"

&nbsp;&nbsp; "B-but, I can't help it, darling.&nbsp; Your'e so gorgeous, and I haven't
had a good release in such a long...!"
............................

*************************************

Continued in complete illustrated story now playing at
midnightx.com/




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   tj ryder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





