BDSM Library - Friday Gang Bang




Friday Gang Bang
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  She really loves being enjoyed






I wrote this after our "wonderful" Friday Gang Bang. I still can't believe it happened. We had just gotten a letter from someone after they had&nbsp; seen her picture. Hope you enjoy it.... 

Well, your letter did the trick. She read it this morning and there were a couple of detectable moans as she was reading. I thought I would help her out, so I pushed aside her robe and pulled her panties down. I licked up her leg till I got to her pussy. It was already juicy. I ate...She read.

She said she lost it on the mouthfucking part. 

&gt;&gt;My one last desire, is to place her on her back, legs spread, and straddle her face and give her one final "MouthFuck"...........Pull out and cum on her lips!!! for all of you to see.&lt;&lt;&lt;

Of course being the gentleman that I am, I volunteered. I slid her around where her head hung off the end of the couch and it makes her back arch over the stuffed arms and juts those magnificent Tits up begging for attention. She licks the head of my dick, but I can't wait. I slid it in, not stopping until it is all the way in. At that point she does an amazing thing that I dearly love. She has this flutter in her throat. It feels wonderful. It is something natural when you do it slow. If you are in and out of the throat too quick, it doesn't happen. Maintain control and it is the absolutely best thing you have ever felt. After a dozen or so long slow strokes I was toast. 

I took a shower and when I came out she was reading it again. I thought here we go again. Not complaining mine you. Instead she said she wanted to be, as you so nicely put it, &gt;&gt;Double Fucked&lt;&lt; She knew I had always wanted to do that. So I was drooling.

I ask if she had any ideas how we might go about that. She said there was this little used bookstore she goes to that the owner is always flirting with her. She knew he would gladly participate. We went out for lunch and talk some more. The more we talked the harder my dick got. We got back in the car look at each other and at the same time we both said lets do it. I love it when a plan comes together.

We got to the Bookstore and the guy looked like a pretty decent fellow. There was another guy at the front with him, but otherwise the store was empty. I was thinking of doing it in a more private place but hey...I wasn't going to miss this opportunity.

I started talking to the guys, trying to figure out a way to ask if they wanted to screw my wife. I had notice they had been eyeing her. Luckily one was flipping through a Gallery Magazine and I immediately knew my plan. As they flipped by one girl with a nice rack, I commented about the hooters. After a couple of comments they joined in as we gave thumbs up or down on each picture. I finally said to myself ...here goes! I said "how do you rate my wife's Boobs." The younger guy turned about three shades of red. The other just kept flipping. I started to look for a hole in the floor to fall in when the older one (Sam) looked up and finally said "from what I can see they look pretty nice." The younger one sort of stammered a "you bet!" My head was spinning but I came out with the right response. "Maybe we can get her to give us a better look." I turned and saw her down the isle. See saw me and I motioned for her to come up with us. As she got closer, I could see she was a little flush faced. She is a pretty shy person.

I took a deep breath and let it fly. "Deb, we were just rating the hooters in this magazine and we need to see how yours stack up." Her eyes got a little big, then she started unbuttoning her shirt. The young guy (Bill) couldn't take his eyes off her hands as she undid each button. She took the shirt off and handed it to me. She kept her gaze down, not wanting to look in anyone's eyes. She undid the bra and let it fall. Those magnificent Tits never looked better. Both guys mouths dropped. Then big smiles...

She was now fully looking at each guy so she was loosing her shyness. Her nipples were fully extended so I knew she was getting into it. Finally Sam broke the silence and said "on a scale of 1-10...at least a 15 (not being biased, but they are a fine set). Bill just stared. I said "they are natural too.... Why don't you take a squeeze and see." Sam didn't hesitate. He grabbed a handful of the left one and a nipple pinch and pull of the right. I was getting light headed now. 

Suddenly, we heard a couple of car doors slam. Sam went to the door and said someone was coming in. My hopes and my cock sank. Debbie and I went back down the isle. She put on her shirt and I stuffed her bra in my pocket. 

After we caught our breath, she asks if we were going to wait for them to leave. I thought, what a trooper. Before I could answer, Sam yelled for use to come back up front. When we got there, three other guys were talking with Sam and Bill. I glanced at Debbie and she had a nice sexy smile on her face. Without hesitating, Sam said "lets go to the back to the Romance Novel room to continue the show. I'll lock the door so we will not be disturbed again." Debbie didn't hesitate. The three new guys sort of looked at each other as we all walked back. 

We got there and Sam said "this woman was just showing us the most magnificent set of tits you will ever see." For a long few seconds everyone just sort of stared. I couldn't believe it. Deb didn't hesitate. She started to unbutton her shirt and exposed those beautiful boobs again. Sam resumed his manual inspection then offered the left one to one of the new guys. He didn't grab it. He bent down and started licking.

My head (both on my shoulders and my cock) started pounding. One of the other new guys broke the silence. "Great set of Boobs, but I'm an ass man and she looks like she has one fine one." Before he could finish his statement, she undid her shorts and tried to push them down. The two guys on her boobs wouldn't let go so she couldn't bend down. Ass man helped out and pulled her shorts and panties down and off. He immediately started caressing her ass and slid the other hand around to her muff. I was in heaven!!! Here was my lovely totally naked wife being ravished by three strangers with two more looking on.

Sam pushed the other two away, undid his pants, cupped his hand under her ass, picked her up then slid her down on his dick. She sort of shuddered. The look in her eyes was unbelievable. He backed her up to the bookcase and started ramming her home. The look in her eyes almost made me lose my load. It didn't take him but a couple of minutes and he was through. He turned and set her down on the table. As he back away, she didn't even bring her legs together. She looked around, her eyes saying who's next.

The other guy that was giving her boob a licking, jumped in. He drooped his pants, slid her ass to the edge of the table and slid it in. He laid her back on the table and grabbed her tits like they were handlebars to pull her back while he was ramming in. This was driving her wild. She started moaning, arching her back and then lost it entirely. That had to be the loudest orgasm I've heard out of her in a long, long time. I almost lost it and the guy fucking her seemed to pumped a gallon in, which revved her up again. He collapsed on her as his feet slip out from under him or his knees buckled. He caught his breath, gave her a big wet kiss and got up.

Bill, the shy one, walked up as if to say what do I do now. She gave him a big smile, slid herself around laying length wise on the table, her face staring at his crotch. She undid his pants and pulled out a fat 9 incher. The look in her eyes was like me looking at a thick Rib Eye Steak after skipping lunch. She began licking it up and down, around his balls and back to the head. She took his hand and placed it on her boob and squeezed his hand to cause him to squeeze her boob. She never lost her concentration on his salami dick. She wrapped her lips around the head and moved her mouth around driving him (and me crazy). She loves to deep throat me but I didn't think she could get that one down her throat. She slowly went down, down...down!! One continuous "Long", "Slow" slid all the way in. When she reached bottom his knees buckled. I knew what happen. As I said earlier when the head of your cock gets in her throat, she has a sort of flutter action in her throat. It "does" feel good. She began to slowly pull it out and then back in. Another knee buckler. It took about four of those long slow strokes and the shy Bill was yelling (almost screaming). He was holding onto a boob and her head trying not to fall down. I don't know how much cum went into her belly, but as long as he yelled and strained, he had time for a literal gallon. When he pulled it out, it spasms up to his belly and down four times. He fell back on a stack of books, him and the books going everywhere. There were a few snickers. It was a pretty funny site. Here is this big lunk of a guy, pants down to his ankles, a "Big" dick flinching and him sprawled amongst a bunch of Romance Paperbacks.&nbsp; He turned red again, held onto his pants, got up and went to another room. 

We all looked at each other, then her and said "WOW!!!"

Sam said hang on a second. Went up front and brought Debbie a coke. Bill came back in and we all gave him a thumbs up. That seamed to help him. He smiled. Debbie crooked her finger for Bill to come to her. She gave him a big long wet kiss while caressing his crotch. He was a stud now.
She took a couple of swigs of the coke, looked around and told ass man he was next. He pulled a chair over, leaned her over so she could prop herself up with her hand on the seat of the chair. Guess what angle he took. His missile took aim at that little pucker hole in her ass. I thought he was going to try it dry, but he did pause long enough to dabble in her pussy to lubricate. Then he fired it deep in her ass. She grunted when he hit bottom and so did he. He told the other guy to get around in front of her so they both could fuck her at the same time. Ah, the , &gt;&gt;Double Fuck&lt;&lt;. He didn't hesitate and she didn't either. When he hit the throat he gave it and OOOOOoooooh my!! The flutter thing again. The ass guy started ramming it fast action, slapping her ass every third or fourth thrust. The guy in her mouth was starting the fast action. I said trust me, slow is better if you have the control. The flutter thing doesn't work when you do it fast. Sometimes you just can not control yourself. He did for a few strokes but lost it and started the fast piston action. The ass guy fired his load amongst grunting and groaning. The mouth guy was not far behind. He didn't utter a sound. Eyes shut with his mouth open like an O.

With that, I think her legs were a little weak. She asked where the bathroom was and left for a few minutes. Man, did she look sexy. Totally nude, totally fucked. Before she closed the door she said "Don't go anywhere, I'm not through yet." Oh my!

Sam slapped me on the back and said "That's one fine piece of ass you have for a wife." Tell me about it. He sent Bill out to get some beer. He wasn't gone but a couple of minutes. I guess he didn't want to miss anything. We all popped a top. Before I could take a swig, out came Debbie. She had brushed her hair and fixed her make-up. Boy was she drop dead gorgeous. Watching 5 other guys staring at her luscious naked body got my dick so hard it almost hurt. That's when I noticed my underwear was full of cum. I guess I lost a load during the commotion, at least once, and didn't realize it. Sam asked if I was next and I told him I'll wait and fuck her all night when I get home.

He didn't ask twice. He went strait for some mouth action. He laid her on her back with her head hanging off the edge. My favorite position. He kept control and did the slow mo. He sort of did a shutter sigh with every throat flutter. I will tell you it feels unbelievably good. He was really working on those nipples. I thought they would grow another 2" if he kept pulling. He finally shot his load and she lost it to. He pulled out, shook his head and said, "that is the most incredible blow job I have ever had. I didn't think I had produced that much sperm in my entire life."

The next guy jump in before she ever moved her head. He started pumping when Sam and I said, try it slow. He did and on the first time he reached her throat he sort of screeched "Oh God!" I think it scared him a little. After a couple of slow ones he got a faster pace going. I told Bill to climb up on her a fuck her pussy. Shy boy wasn't shy any longer. He drooped trow and climbed up on the table. He got on his knees, picked up her ass and began to slid that salami in her pussy. She wrapped her legs around his waist and they were off to the races. He bent done grab a boob and began to suck, chew and lick like there was no tomorrow. What a sight. One fucking her in the mouth and a salami going in and out of her pussy. One tit getting a mouth job by one guy the other tit getting squeezed and pulled by the other guy. She was enjoying it like I always thought she would. She either had two orgasms or one looooong one. I was sorry when it ended. When they were done the other two guys started to jump in. She put her hand up and said she had to catch her breath. She sat up, swiveled her head around to loosen up her neck. Had a few sips of her coke and she asked if there was a cold one. Sam said there were cold beers. I knew she didn't drink beer, but she took it. But not to drink. She spread her legs and placed it up against her pussy. What, did you think I was going to say she inserted in. No just trying to cool it down a little.

Ass guy, ask if she was ready yet. She took another sip of her coke and said lets go. He said, "I found this small table over here. Lets try this. It was perfect. Her head hung off one end and her ass ended at the other while she hung onto the sides. The other two guys started in where the other two left off. She looked like a gorgeous fucking sex machine I know it was two orgasms this time. The fellow on the mouth finished and pulled back. Before she could lick her lips Sam was sticking his dick in. Same thing on the pussy. My head was literally spinning with the sight of my sexy hunk of a woman getting her brains fucked out. As soon as one would finish, another dick was there to replace it. She wasn't even bothering to close her mouth. If one guy wasn't having an orgasm, the other one was ...or she was. Hell she was just about having a continual orgasm. In the excitement, I even jumped in. Once on each end. How many rounds of that did we do, I don't know. We got to the book store about 2pm and when we left it was 6:30pm. 

When nobody had anything left, we carried her to the table so she could lay down. I looked down at her cum drenched face. She still looked beautiful. Her mascara was running, her hair was matted with cum, the corner of her mouth had a little crack in it and her nose was pretty raw and red from the ball beating it took. But still, I never loved her more. She looked up with her dazed eyes, not really focusing on anything, and ask if I was pleased. I leaned down, gently kissed her on those cum covered lips. Erotic taste.

The guys didn't talk much. They were beat as well. I got a wet towel from the bathroom and cleaned her face and hair a little. Wet it real good and wiped her pussy, mostly to sooth it. Bill went and got her a couple of ice cold cokes. She sat up, drank one and used the other as an ice pack for her pussy. That seemed to revive her a little. She suddenly broke into a smile and asked in sort of a horse voice "everybody have a good time?" There were some yeas! and some hell yeas! Then good ol Sam said, "When are we going to do this again?" I looked at him sort of shocked, then I heard Deb say when do you think you will be ready again. That shocked everybody. Ass boy spoke up and said he needed at least a day to recuperate. Sam said he would be ready for Sunday. Then a couple of "yeas." Before I could say not so fast, I heard that little horse voice say "OK!" I choked a little and said wait minute. I don't think she can be ready by then. She said she thought she could. In fact, "wait till we get home. The night is young." I felt flush faced. We had crossed a line here. At what point did she turn into a nympho. And why was my dick getting hard thinking about it.

After a little more discussion, we (they) settled on next Sunday. I was still sort of in shock. While I was in the bathroom they added new developments. Apparently Bill asked if he could bring a friend. She said OK, but then everybody wanted to bring someone. When I came out, I heard somebody say, "It's settled no more than 20 this time. She gushed and said that sounds good to me. 

I said 20 what? As Sam explained, Deb snuggled up to me pressing her boobs into my chest and began to run her fingers through my hair on the back of my head. I'm a sucker for that treatment.
As the shock was wearing off, she looked up in my eyes and mouthed "I love you." That did it for me. I said great!! Then I thought about them saying this time. Somebody said, "If next Sunday goes OK we want to increase the number."

At that point I had to leave, because my dick was aching to get inside her.

She slipped on her panties and shorts. Put on her shirt but left it open with her breast sticking out. She went over and had a deep kiss with each one. We left the store and got in the car and she never closed her shirt. This is my little shy wife. At least one passer by noticed with a long honk. She laid across the seat with her head in my lap. She immediately noticed my ragging hard on took it out and wrapped her fingers around it and pumped it slowly all the way home. Luckily we don't live far. I made it to the garage, put in park, let the seat back so she could get her head in. She slid my dick in her mouth and down her throat. With one flutter I was blowing cum down her throat for what seemed like 5 min.

We went in and&nbsp; both got in the shower. She got to bed first. When I crawled in...she was already asleep. I let her lie. She had done a hell of a days work, and the smile on her face said she sure enjoyed the work.

I still had some energy left so I thought I would come write this down while it was still fresh. I don't know what we have gotten into, but it is going to be a hell of a ride!

-----------------------------------------------------------

If you read my account of our Friday Gang Bang&nbsp; you may recall that we left it with the understanding that we were going for 20 guys a week from the following Sunday. While Friday was outstanding and spontaneous we forgot one thing. By all means protect your privacy. The Bookstore owner had her address on record for book trade-ins. Well, three of the guys got the address. They decided they didn't get enough. They came, with a new friend, unannounced on Monday while I wasn't home. They proceeded to have there way with her for a couple of hours. It wasn't Rape. She enjoyed it again, but after they left she got really scared. She didn't want to have a bunch of men coming over every day and screwing her brains out.

I got pretty pissed myself. Needless to say I had a few words and threats with them. Of course I called off the 20 guy GB. That was last Monday. They haven't shown up again. They did send flowers and apologies. In fact Sam called last night. He didn't come out and ask, but he hinted that he wanted to try getting together again. She sort of wants to. I'm still thinking I better nip this crew in the bud. We have talked about ways to instigate another "spontaneous" 5 to 10 guy GB. The planned (pre-interview, get medical records, find a bouncer, etc) ones I keep having people recommend don't get it with us. But this time we will try to maintain privacy.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Mark Pit


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





