BDSM Library - Vile Gamer




Vile Gamer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Woman is stalked, kidnapped and raped. Told in point of view of kidnapper






I am a hunter of sorts. Some guys hunt deer, others hunt rabbits, or geese, me, I hunt bitches. No not female dogs, women. I choose to hunt a prey that can think and plan and scheme. Therein is the real sport, who wants to hunt a stupid deer, or rabbit. I want a real challenge, and once the capture is made, the rewards are much more shall we say, entertaining. 
I was following this one real lookers for days. Dumb bitch never even noticed me. I was there all the time, tracking her, marking her goings and comings. I knew all about her. I even rented a place across from hers and watched her through a telescope as she dressed each day for work. She was luscious. Nice big tits that make your tongue hard as your dick. Sturdy firm ass with nice rounded cheeks, and long legs. I had followed her, studied her, got to know her, and on this particular night, she was going to be mine. 
I followed her little red mustang into her parking structure, it was adjacent to her apartment building. I had no problem getting past the guard as I had made a phoney ID for that building. That was easy to do, just pretend to be shopping for an apartment and when the agent turned her back, I swiped an ID and had it duplicated with my picture. 
The red Mustang parked in her number 24 spot and I pulled into spot number 27, another little detail I had worked out. The owner of number 27 was on vacation the whole week. I watched her as she stepped from between the parked cars and started for the elevator. I moved in step behind her. She had flaming red hair that was hanging below her shoulder to the middle of her back. It swayed as she stepped as did her ass which was very pronounced beneath her skirt. She hardly noticed me, as the security guard at the entrance had given a sense of false security. I was on her before she got to the elevator and just as she got out of the guard's line of vision. I clamped my hand over her mouth, mashing her lips against her teeth. Her hands came up trying to peal my hand away and she tried her best to scream beneath my palm. The only sound that she could make was a low muffled whimper. OH that is such a sexy sound. I let my switchblade click open and pressed it against her neck. 
" Now you just settle down or you will really get hurt" , I said to her in my most sinister voice. She went right on trying to struggle and whimpering against my hand. I pressed the blade a little harder and made my threat a little more vicious. 
" You keep fighting me and I will slice that pretty neck of yours!" 
She froze, her breath coming hard through her nose falling against the back of my hand on her mouth. I gave her a shove and we started to move back towards my van. I watched the guard booth closely and he was deep into his girly magazine, head down paying no attention. I shoved her against the side of the van and slid the door open, then pushed her inside. I quickly climbed in behind her and shut the door. She tried to move to the front of the van and the door but I caught her by her wrist and pulled her back, menacing her with the steel blade again. 
" You aren't going nowhere cunt!" 
" Please, what do you want?" 
" What are you fucking stupid, the fuck you think I want?" 
" Please let me go, I wont tell anyone." 
" Shut up and lay down on the floor." 
" No please donmmmppppppfffffffff." 
My hand over her mouth cut her off in mid sentence. I pressed the knife hard against the soft flesh of her throat. 
" Get your ass on the floor bitch!" 
I felt a tear from her eye fall on my hand. I could smell her sweet scent as I held her head in my vice grip. Her hair against my cheek. We lowered ourselves to the floor. 
" Now put your hands behind your back." 
I moved my hand from her mouth and she started in with a chorus of pleads. I shut her up by pressing the knife against her again. She complied, almost sobbing now. I tied her wrist behind her with a strip of rope from my pocket, jerking the knot tight. She grimaced. 
" Does it have to be so tight?" 
" Shut up!" 
" I have money, take it and let me gommmmpphhhhh." 
Once again she was cut off in mid sentence. This time I shoved a wadded sock in her mouth. I tied a thick rag between her teeth and knotted it tightly behind her head. This must have really scared her because she started screaming for all she was worth, but all that came out were muffled whimpers. OH those heavenly whimpers. 
I tied her ankles together and sat back to look at my handy work. Damn this bitch was sexy. Her long legs tugged at the rope that lashed her ankles. With each tug her ass would wiggle so seductively. Almost on it's own my hand went beneath her skirt and groped an asscheek. She screamed into the gag, and tried to scoot away. I laughed and squeezed her cheek hard. 
" Ever been fucked in that pretty lil ass?" 
" MMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPHHHHHFFFFFFFFF!!!!!!!" 
I left her bound and gagged in the rear of the van and drove to an abandoned warehouse. Getting out of the parking structure past the guard was no problem. I just waved as I drove past him and he barely looked up from his porn magazine throwing his hand up in half hearted hurried wave. My prey screamed for all she was worth in the back but the gag muffled her cries so only I could enjoy them. 
It didn't take long to make the drive to the old warehouse district in the city. I pulled the van into the warehouse and got out and shut the door behind me so no one would happen to see inside. I opened the van's back door and threw her over my shoulder. She struggled in my grip, her ass wiggling against my head. My steps echoed off the walls of the empty warehouse as I carried her to a table against the far wall. I laid her on the table, and she immediately noticed the toys hanging on the wall next to the table. As she saw the various gator clamps, chains, riding crops, dildos and vibrators she started wailing into the gag again. Her eyes looked up at me pleading desperately. This only fuels my lust to dominate her. I pulled my knife once again and let it slide beneath her blouse. 
" Lets have a look at you." I said as I sliced the silky material down the front. She shook her head and pleaded but the blouse cut easily and the only thing between me and her tits was her bra. Slowly I let the knife slide beneath her bra. She became very still so as not to get the cut. I know the blade must have been cold on the flesh beneath her bra. Her chest heaved up and down violently as she gasped in fear. I sliced the bra in the middle and it fell away, revealing two voluptuous mounds. Her nipples were erect, begging for attention. She sobbed as I let the flat edge of the blade rub against them, first one then the other. Her eyes bulged and her breath was quivering as she sobbed and watched my every move. 
" Maybe I'll cut one of them off and save it as a souvenir." 
" MMMPPPHHHHHHHHHHFFFFF." 
I grinned as I let the blade slide down her belly, over her belly button. 
" I could carve you up like a turkey and no one would know." 
She sobbed and started to shake violently. I knew that I had her intimidated enough to do whatever I told her too. I had no intention of harming her, but I counted on her not knowing that. I let the blade move down between her legs. It played against her clit. 
" Now you are going to do what ever I tell you aren't you?" Her head shook up and down rapidly. Tears fell from her gorgeous green eyes. 
" I'm going to take that gag off your mouth, if you scream, you will never live to finish it. You understand?" She shook her head again furiously. I pulled the rag from between her teeth and pulled the sock out of her mouth. 
" Please" , she cried, " don't hurt me, don't kill me, I'll do whatever you want, just don't hurt me." 
" Good girl." 
" Please put the knife away." 
" Oh no my dear, this is my insurance that you wont bite me, cause you are going to suck my dick now aren't you?" 
She started to cry. I reached over and curled my fingers in her hair and pulled her head over to my pants. With my free hand I unzipped my fly, then pulled my cock free. It stood before her mouth, erect, precum dripping from the tip. 
" Please" , she begged some more, " don't make me do that." 
I love it when they beg, that is when I feel the power and control. 
" Get on it!" I ordered, placing the knife on her throat again, " and I'd better not feel any teeth." 
She opened her mouth and I felt a rush run through my body. My cock pulsed with anticipation of her surrender. She sucked my cock in. I felt a tear fall on my shaft as I pulled her hair forcing more of me in her mouth. She choked then adjusted. My cock must have tasted salty in her mouth, I knew she was smelling my manly smells as her nose moved closer to my pubic hair, more and more cock going in her mouth. 
" Suck for your miserable life cunt!" 
She started to bob her head up and down on my meat. Her mouth felt divine. Her sobbing made it even better. Her jaws protruded as she struggled to gulp my massive meat. I began to rock my hips back and forth plunging my cock deep into her throat enjoying the vibrations caused by her gagging. She tried to pull her head up but I tugged her hair forcing her head down. She gulped and whimpered around my assaulting cock as I fucked her mouth. She was quivering with each breath. Her mouth stretched over my cock. I rammed deep in her throat and pulled back only to ram again. She moaned, I am sure she didn't intend for me to hear that but I did. She began to suck hungrily on my meat like a babe on a bottle. She sucked hard and deep, pulling it, accepting it in her throat. She moaned again and I knew I was getting to her. She was going to be mine. Just like so many others. I was going to break this bitch. 
I watched her sucking on my cock, my knife pressed firm against her lovely neck. Her hands bound tightly behind her back, she bobbed her head up and down on my hard shaft. My fingers gripped her fiery locks and pulled hard forcing my cock down her throat. Her gagging sent waves of pleasure stirring in my cock and slowly spreading throughout my being like ripples in a pond. I knew from her moaning that she was getting hot and that it was disgusting her to learn this side of herself. 
" You are discovering what a slut you are aren't you" ? 
She just sniffled and kept sucking. I love this feeling. The feeling of mastering a bitch, especially a snooty uppity bitch like this one. I pulled on her hair and thrust forward hard with my hips grinding my cock deep in her throat. She gagged and choked around my shaft and I felt myself explode in her mouth. She choked more profusely and her legs, bound tightly at the ankles, jerk almost spastically. I pulled out and let the next wave of hot jism spray her face. 
" Bath in my cum you fucking worthless slut" , I taunted her. She sobbed but her tongue lapped hungrily at the thick white globs around her lips. I let the jism spray over her cheeks, forehead, nose, and eyes. I used my still hard cock to smear it all over her face and she moan involuntarily. She yelped as my finger went between her legs to her pussy. I pulled my finger up to her face and let her see the moisture. 
" What is this?" , I asked her. 
She sobbed and turned her head away. My fingers curled in her hair and jerked her head around so that my face was in her face. My breath was hot on her cheeks, I held my finger to her lips, " suck" . 
" Please, haven't you done enough to me?" 
I pressed the point of the blade against her soft neck and barked " You haven't seen anything like what I am gonna do to you if you don't do what I tell you now SUCK BITCH!!" 
She jerk at the harshness of my voice and opened her cum stained lips and slid her mouth over my finger tasting her own juices. 
" That is what a slut tastes like" , I taunted her. Her mouth sucked on my finger and again I heard an involuntary moan. She was loving it, what a fucking slut she was. 
" You think you are a sophisticated professional, but you are just another cum whore ha ha ha." 
She moaned over my finger and continued to suck. I pulled it from her mouth. 
" How did it taste cunt?" 
" FUCK YOU!!!" 
" Ahhh, a little feisty, I like spirit in a slut. But it is I who will fuck you bitch, over and over until I am tired of you." 
" Why don't you just kill me and be done with it?" 
" Oh my dear, there are things that are so much more delicious than death as you will soon see ha ha ha." 
She tugged at the bonds, her sexy legs flexing and straining to pull free. I shoved the sock back in her mouth and retied the thick cloth between her teeth. 
" You ever been ass fucked?" , I asked her. 
Her head shook violently from side to side. 
" Well it is about time you had that experience." 
Again she shook her head and whimpered beneath the gag. 
" I don't know what kind of faggots you have had for boyfriends who didn't fuck your ass as pretty as it is." 
I took the handle of the blade and pressed it between her ass-cheeks. She gave a start and jerked in fear and surprise. 
" Maybe I should shove my knife up there first and cut it open." 
She let out a blood curdling scream that was deliciously muffled by the gag. She bucked and jerked at the bonds, oh she was so sexy and I was getting hot all over again. I shoved the knife handle forcing it to breach the plume as she whimpered and bucked. She was expecting to feel the sharp cut of the blade but I was only shoving the handle into her tight ass. I ain't no total barbarian. I gave the handle a twist and she moan again in pain, and partly in pleasure. 
" You know I like having you tied and gagged, I can do whatever I want to you and you can't do shit about it ha ha ha." 
She screamed against the gag, and I laughed, " No one can hear you but me you stupid cunt." 
I pushed the handled deeper into her tight ass, I could tell she was tightening her muscles which was fine with me cause it only made it hurt her more. 
" Just think how my cock is gonna feel" , I said as I shoved the handle in deeper and twisted it. 
She sobbed, and I got even more aroused, I love having this kind of power. I reached up and grabbed a nipple pinching it hard between my thump and forefinger, twisting and lavishing in her muffled wails. I pulled the pearl handle from her ass and shoved my thumb in, wiggling it, forcing it in deeper and deeper. She squirmed and wailed as I shoved my thumb in further. Her ass was tight indeed and it was taking some effort to get my thumb in. 
" You are almost ready for my cock now." 
She shook her head violently but her deep quivering breaths said otherwise. I had managed to get my thumb in as far as it would go. I held it there and wiggled it as she sobbed and moaned. I pulled it out. 
" Now slut, the wait is over." 
I untied her ankles and warned her not to kick, showing her the steel blade of the knife. I retied her ankles to rings bolted to the edge of the table forcing her legs wide apart as she lay on her stomach. I untied her wrists from behind her back and tied them to two more rings at the other end of the table, so that she was face down and spread like butter. She looked up at me, her eyes trying to plead. I met her gaze with my cold lustful eyes. She must have seen the sadistic frenzy that was driving me because she just laid her head down and sobbed. She looked so good with her legs spread and her ass so exposed. I took a moment to savour the sight of her. 
Having took time to enjoy watching her I mounted the table over her. I curled my fingers in her hair and jerked her head up so that my mouth was against her ear. 
" Now I am gonna shove my cock up your ass bitch, and ride you like a cowboy rides a bronco ha ha ha." 
She shook her head in one final desperate attempt to plead with me. It was only half hearted as she was starting to surrender to the fact that I was in control and that it was going to happen. She sucked in a deep breath as she felt my cock press between her cheeks. 
" This is gonna hurt you a lot more than it will me" , I said taunting her. She was sobbing almost uncontrollably now. I held my cock at her plume so that she could anticipate what was gonna happen. 
" Maybe it wont hurt very much, nah it is gonna hurt like hell ha ha ha." 
I pressed slightly into the plum and she wailed against the gag, but the wail was only partly due to pain. My hand slid beneath her to her pussy, it was dripping wet. She moaned in despair as she knew I felt her wetness. 
" Yes you are a slut just as I told you." 
Then without warning, I shoved my cock hard into her ass, shoving into the plume, bursting through the bud. She screamed for all she was worth into the gag. 
" Aren't I a pain in the ass ha ha ha." 
I pressed in further, taking my time but moving forcefully delighting in her whimpers. She struggled against the bonds which only made her ass wiggle on my cock. Oh it was heavenly. I shoved in deeper and deeper. I was pressing in slowly towards her bowels. I felt her muscles tighten then loosen as I pressed relentlessly. My hand went beneath her and pinched her breast nipples and twisted making her buck more. I started to pump my cock in and back in her ass. The cadence of my pumping became more furious as her ass adjusted to me. Soon I was rocking in her ass like some kind of wild bucking horse. I was stabbing her anus with my hard meat and she was loving it. Again and again I jabbed hard into her and she moaned in pain and pleasure with each stroke. 
" You cannot deny what you are slut, nor can you ever again deny your desires," I told her as I fucked her ass. " You were meant to be ruled and taken by a man. You will never again be satisfied with those whining little punks you have been seeing. You need a man, a man who will take you and use you and put you in your place, you are a slut and you need to be treated as such" . 
I punctuated each thought with a hard thrust into her ass. Her body was taking on a mind of its own. She was rocking with my rhythm, thrusting her ass up as best she could to meet my cock with each stroke. She was mine now, all mine. It was time to find new game. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Mike Thompson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





