BDSM Library - Another Slaviversary




Another Slaviversary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  It is time for 'the slut's' Slaviversary, but now Mistress Christine has to take a business trip. Will 'little boy' be able to pull off his Mistress's plans without a hitch?






Another Slaviversary 1 - The Slut's Slaviversary
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

I had been pre-rinsing the cookware to load into the dishwasher when little boy came in and set the table dishes next to the sink. "After you have the dishwasher running Mistress would like to have a word with you in the living room."

"Yes Master. Please let Mistress know that the slut will be with her shortly."

"Good slut." Little boy gave me a shit-eating grin; he knew what it was Mistress wanted me for. His grin reassured me I was not in trouble. Little boy did not find happiness in pain for punishment's sake. I knew while submitting to Mistress he would reach the point where pain and pleasure melded as one, the mindset many called 'sub-space', but to watch as another was hurt was uncomfortable to him.

When I entered the living room Mistress was sitting prim and proper on her chair (I liked to think of it as her 'throne'), dressed in a blue silk top and black skirt over the suntan colored hosiery on her crossed legs, the coat to the skirt suit had been tossed over the back of the couch when she came home from work.

Master little boy knelt next to her. Little boy did not wear clothes in the home usually, his only adornments being his stainless steel chastity tube and slave collar. He also wore the control for my punishment collar on his wrist. Like me he was totally hairless below the eyes. However little boy was allowed to keep his short hair on top of his head, while I was kept bald after my formerly shoulder length blond hair had been removed by our Mistress.

I went to my knees before them, a tricky thing to do when you are locked in wedge style ballet boots and a corset. The wrist chains do not really help either. The rod protruding from the rear shield of my chastity belt comes in contact with the floor putting pressure on the butt plug attached to the shield's inner surface.

I placed my hands flat on the floor, looked up to make eye contact, and then looked to the foot she had on the floor before addressing her. "You summoned the slut Mistress."

"Yes slut, I have some good news for you."

When Mistress has given me good news the last few months, it has resulted in minor improvements to my situation. The most recent changes were that I was no longer required to wear the ring gag on the residence level of the home, and that I now eat at Mistress and Master's feet with them, instead of in my cell after them. When that change happened little boy was also promoted from eating at Mistress's feet to sitting next to her. Maybe she would be telling me she was going to allow me to grow my hair back!

"Next week is your slaviversary; we will be celebrating it a day late on Friday."

"Mistress, the slut does not mean to be smart but shouldn't her slaviversary have been months ago? You took this slut just a few weeks after you took Master as your slave."

She laughed. "Technically speaking; yes I have possessed your body since then. But unlike little boy you did not accept me as your Mistress on the day I captured you. It will be a year ago next Wednesday that you tried to run while little boy was otherwise occupied. The next day was when you finally accepted that you were a slave of my household."

"The slut sees Mistress's logic. Please forgive her questioning you."

"That's fine, you did it respectfully. I will be taking Friday off and we will take you to lunch in town, and then an evening at Knot Time. And I have some ideas for earlier in the day also."

"Mistress what about the slut being recognized? Brandy Stallton is still wanted by the FBI. If the slut is seen by someone who knows her, you and Master may get arrested too."

"I've planned on ways to prevent that. I think we all will be perfectly safe. Are your chores done for today?"

"The slut just needs to put away the leftovers when they cool."

"Fine, you may go wait in the kitchen for now. You may watch the television or listen to the radio while you wait. Little boy, let's get me more comfortable." With that they went to their bedroom, as I went to kneel in the kitchen and relax.


The next two days were routine for Master little boy and I. Admittedly I was on edge over the plans for next Friday, excited to have my first real day out in public, a chance to prove myself to Mistress that I have surrendered myself to her. But the fear of being recognized and going to prison, or murdered in cold blood by some criminal looking to collect on one of the hits out on me, tempered that excitement.

Little boy had been in Mistress's study where he was doing one of his sketches for the fetish magazines when he shouted; "Garage door!"

My cue to stop what I was doing (in this case I was just putting away the vacuum cleaner) and wait by the door. Little boy had settled in between myself and the door, in the area I could not approach without being shocked by my collar. He always greeted her first when she came home. I heard the garage door lowering and a moment later the shadow of our 6'-1 1/2" tall Mistress was cast over us by the garage lights.

Little boy went to kiss her feet as was his norm, but she just walked past us, almost kicking him in the head as she went. Little boy and I exchanged glances, I could read the confusion in his eyes.

"Slut, go back to whatever you were doing."

"Yes Mistress, right away."

"Little boy, my den, now!"

He scrambled past me.

"Slut is dinner ready?"

"Yes Mistress, the slut just needs to place it on the table after Master little boy sets it."

"You set the table, I need to talk to little boy." She gave me a 'move on' wave of her hand so I did just that.

When they came out about fifteen minutes later I served the meal. Both were quiet throughout dinner. Mistress looked like she was deep in thought.

"Dinner was good slut, thank you. Little boy, since slut did your share of the dinner prep, you're doing the cleaning up tonight."

"Yes Mistress, little boy will start immediately."

"Slut, come with me."

I feared Mistress was taking me to the dungeon to relieve some stress, but instead she went to her chair and directed me to kneel.

"Slut I got a bit of a surprise today, I'm being sent to a seminar in Colorado next week. I leave Sunday. I have misgivings about leaving you home alone with little boy."

"Mistress the slut understands if you wish to keep her locked up all week."

She smiled at me. "No I have no fear for him here in the home itself but outside. I wanted to cancel Friday, but your Master insists he can handle you in public. He feels you will be well behaved for him."

"The slut will be a model slave for Master; she no longer wants harm to come to either of you Mistress."

"So at one time you did?"

I just put my ballet heeled foot in my mouth! "Back when the slut first was your prisoner Mistress; Yes she did, but wouldn't anyone in that situation?"

She smiled at me. "And now?"

"No Mistress, there is no point. The slut would still be a prisoner if she managed to escape. A prisoner of the fates. She has nothing, nowhere to go, and no one to turn for help. Live a life hiding in rundown towns working for cash to survive, or here protected and provided for in exchange for servitude. You and Master keep me fed and cleaned; I take care of your home, and cook for you. It is better than I deserve from you."

"Very well, go help little boy clean up from supper. I need to think."



When my cell's lights came on I was startled from my sleep. It felt like I had just fallen asleep a little bit ago. I immediately got to my knees expecting little boy to take me to the wet room for the morning routine. I was shocked to see Mistress enter in a robe. The belt of the robe was not tied so the robe itself was not closed, exposing her breasts and well-trimmed bush to me. To be honest, in the nearly year and a half I have been in this house, I had never really seen Mistress not decently covered (a subjective term based on her previous occupation). Mistress set a chair in the door, and sat on it straddling the back, further displaying her nether regions to me.

"Mistress is it morning already?"

"Yes, but only about 1AM. I wanted to talk to you with little boy not in earshot. He does not want you to know this, but with what is going on with my work, I think you need to know the truth."

"What truth Mistress?"

"Your recent privileges have been earned for you."

"Do you mean by someone else?"

"Exactly. Little boy thought you have earned each privilege, to prove to me his belief in you, he endured a challenge for each one." She looked at me with a wistful grin. "For your gag to be removed, he remained gagged while you were in your cell. He had to willingly apply the gag himself, and not remove it except at my instruction or when he came to get you for the day. For you to eat with us, he ate his breakfast from a dog bowl that I picked up used at a yard sale; that was two weeks he ate willingly from it. He has gone a month without being released from his chastity except for supervised cleanings, just to give you your slaviversary outing."

"Mistress why did you let Master put himself through these for me. The slut is not worthy."

"I agree, but your Master believes you have made a real effort to better yourself, and wanted to reward you. I needed to see how strong he felt about it. I know if he feels strongly about something he will give it his all. He has not failed in anything I have placed before him when it benefitted you."

I felt the tears as they traced my face. "The slut should have endured the trials, not little boy. If she would have known, this slut would have told him not to do it."

"That's what he said, and that's why you will not tell him you know. I just wanted you to know it, because this week he does not have me to protect him. He hasn't failed you; don't fail him by proving him wrong."

"The slut intended to be the best slave she can for Master, now she knows she will be."

Mistress reached out and took my chin. "Good because the alternative would be very bad for you." She picked up the chair disappeared through the door. As it closed the lights went out and I was again alone.

Well I guess if I see little boy walking around here bald, I can expect to finally grow my hair back.

-----

We parked in the departure parking lot of the airport. Mistress handed me the Mercedes' keys. "Be careful with her. I better only see enough mileage for a round trip back to the house when you pick me up Saturday night." 

"You know little boy prefers his Subaru to drive around Mistress. These luxury sports cars make him nervous."

She smiled at me; she indeed knew I was uncomfortable driving either her Mercedes or her Mustang. I had actually tried to convince her to use my car to take her to the airport, but she didn't like the leg room in it. And since my wife had legs that went on forever, I understood that on a 45 minute drive it would be uncomfortable for her. Personally I didn't see any difference in leg room, but I have sufficient leg room in the back seat of the Mustang.

"I want you to read one online Femdom story, and one video from the collection each night."

"Yes Mistress, and other than Friday, business as usual for myself and the slut. Do not worry Mistress, little boy has faith she will behave" She smiled at me, I know she is worried and why. But I see that the slut has long since accepted her fate.

We started walking through the lot when we heard; "Christine! Over here."

"Hi Laura. Good timing, give your bag to little boy."

Mistress's co-worker handed me her back so I now had one in each hand. She reached up and toyed with my collar. Laura had been one of Mistress's old co-workers that also worked at the firm Mistress is now with. She knew Mistress had left the old firm to become a professional Dominatrix. At the firm's Christmas party last year she cornered me and forced me to show her my collar. She has played with it whenever she sees me since.

"Always such a gentleman. You did remember to take off your bracelet didn't you Chris. I'd hate to get hung up in security because you can't take off a simple metal bracelet."

Mistress rolled up her sleeve showing that the bracelet that matched my collar was indeed not there. "It's at home on my desk. I'm not happy about it, I feel naked without it. I think I'm going to have to order the removal tool keychain so I can just take it off for a short while, and be able to put it back on later."

I walked Mistress and Laura to the Departure Terminal, carrying their suitcases as far as security would let me.

"Okay Keith, you stay out of trouble, I'll see you Saturday evening." She gave me a kiss that melted my soul.

"Travel safe my love. I'll miss you more than you can know."



And miss her I did! Our king size bed felt like an empty football stadium to me. I could not sleep that night, I lumped her pillows and the blankets up on her side in hopes it would make me feel better, but it was all for naught. My wife and Mistress was hundreds of miles away and I missed her with every fiber of my being.

Tuesday afternoon the doorbell rang. I threw on my t-shirt and shorts as the slut went down to the dungeon. I looked out the window to see a man in a suit. I opened the door "May I help you?"

He flashed a badge at me and my heart sunk "Agent Lucas Mantin FBI. Are you Keith Urnst?"

"Not any longer, I took my wife's name when we married, it's Keith Cavanaugh now."

"Were you forced into this marriage?"

"What? Why would you ask something like that?"

"You've heard of the Brandy Stallton case?"

Mistress had prepared me for this long ago, a little fact and fiction to give them satisfaction. "She was the woman arrested last year for kidnapping and selling people as servants to wealthy foreigners. What does that have to do with me?"

"Close, we haven't caught her yet. But that is what she is suspected of. We have been following up on some new info we uncovered and your picture was one of several that came up in a series of emails between her and a customer. We know you don't leave this house alone often, and you quit your full time job and moved out of your apartment around the time of the emails. When I saw the collar on your neck, I wanted to make sure you are here willingly."

I rubbed my collar smiling at him. "I work from home doing freelance illustrations for magazines now. And this is basically my wedding band so to say. I directed his attention to the picture on the wall of Mistress and I standing and hugging each other on our honeymoon in Hawaii, her left arm was intentionally draped over my neck placing her bracelet over my heart and next to my collar. "See my wife has one too, on her wrist though. We didn't want traditional rings. I liked the collar; she wanted a bracelet because she wears necklaces often."

He eyed me suspiciously, trying to see if I was lying. He finally smiled and nodded at me. "Well we wanted to inform you and the other people in the pictures so you can be a little more cautious. She hasn't been heard from since some of her credit cards were used in Bogota Columbia right before we started looking for her, but once down there she could easily have got false papers and be anywhere by now."

"Thank you for your concern Agent Mantin. I will definitely watch my back. I'd hate to leave my beautiful wife wondering what happened to me." I offered my hand to shake which he took.

He turned to leave. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you two make an odd pair."

"You should see us dancing; I got the best view on the floor." I winked and gave him a thumbs up.

He laughed as he headed down the walk to the car.

After he was gone I went down for the slut. She was kneeling in her cell waiting. "Slut have you ever been to Bogota in South America?"

She looked at me "No Sir, the only time the slut has left the US was to go to Canada, and only the once. Why Master?"

"Nothing just something that popped up in the conversation with our visitor."

Later we were eating our dinner in the kitchen (I didn't see the sense in eating in the dining room without Mistress), I began nodding off at the table.

"Master, perhaps you should put this slut in her cell and you go to your bed. You do not look well. This slut can do the dishes in the morning."

"I'm just tired slut, don't worry about me."



"Master the phones ringing!"

"Huh? Oh thank you, keep cleaning up slut."

I rushed to the den and grabbed the phone.

"Hello?"

"That took you long enough slave!"

"I'm, excuse little boy, he is sorry Mistress, but he was not expecting your call until eight,"

"Honey it is eight."

I looked at the phone's Caller ID and it was indeed just after eight. Where had the time gone? The slut and I began eating at 5:30! "Little boy must have lost track of time Mistress, he is sorry."

"Now, how was your day?"

I told her that today had been basically normal, except for the visitor. I proceeded to fill her in about the agent that visited here today.

"Interesting, but obviously nothing to worry about. Little boy I need you to get me something from one of my file cabinets."

"You mean the ones little boy is not allowed to touch?"

"Yes, get me the cell number from Ed Hernandez's file."

I found the file and read off the number.

"Good night little boy, I miss you."

"Little boy misses you very much also Mistress. Good night."

I hadn't even cleared the door before I pressed down on the button of the collar control. Slut squealed from where she was kneeling in the kitchen.

"Slut! Why did you let me sleep so long?!"

"Master you looked so tired, you were not even done eating when you fell asleep. So the slut decided she should let you rest, and she went about her work. If she would have known that Mistress was going to call she would have made sure Master was awake."

"You're lucky I don't take a paddle to you. Now come on time to get you ready for bed."

"Yes Master, the slut is sorry."

-----
 
Little boy had seemed a tad off-balance during the call.

I hoped the visit by this Agent Mantin was truly routine. But I better make sure it stays routine.

I had wired cameras into my home well before even capturing little boy and had all the recording stored on a 20GB Data Server that would keep the last two weeks of video from every camera. I logged into the server from my iPhone and reviewed the front door activity. I watched and listened to the conversation. At least the feint of having one of Helena's servants traveling to Columbia with the slut's credit cards had diverted their attentions a little. However the timing and line of questioning seemed a little too much of a coincidence to me. Logging off I dialed the number little boy gave me. 

The ringing was answered quickly. "Hello?"

"Hello Slave Feeble." I heard the familiar sound of a sigh of contentment

"Hello Mistress. I expected you to call last week."

"Why Feeble?"

"One of my agents was supposed to come and see your husband last week to question him and inform him he had been a possible target of a kidnapping enterprise."

"Yes an Agent Mantin came today while I was out of town. He tried to get my husband to say he was my prisoner, and he was forced into marrying me. Am I under investigation?"

"No Mistress, not officially at least! What was asked specifically?" I explained to him what I saw in the recordings. "I apologize Mistress; Mantin has gone off on a tangent. I will call you back shortly; I will nip this in the butt now."

"Very well Feeble, Call me back at this number. And Ed..."

"Yes Mistress?"

"Thank you."

"Not a problem Christine."

About twenty minutes later my phone rang.

"Hello Feeble."

"Mistress I had a talk with my subordinate. He had actually ended up following your husband last week and saw his collar. He watched and when he feared that if he interviewed him with you present as originally instructed by me he could tip off a possible conspirator. When he saw you had not been around in a few days he decided to act. I have ordered him to break off his unsanctioned investigation, that I know you both personally, and while you're both a bit eccentric, you are in a loving and consensual relationship."

"Very good, and I can count on your support if this ends up going any farther."

"Absolutely."

"Thank you. Now how are things with Maitresse Raven?"

"They are very good Mistress. She and my Goddess get along nicely, and like you she does not give up my key easily."

FBI Senior Agent Ed Hernandez (I called him Feeble, a play on the slang term for FBI 'feebs') and his wife Gloria used me as a keyholder for his chastity belt because Gloria would give in to temptation and unlock him too soon. "How long has it been Feeble?"

"Seven weeks, almost eight."

From the background I heard Gloria yell: "Maitresse taught me to milk his prostate last month. You were right Crystal it is so much fun to watch them squirm. I should have tried it when you suggested it!"

I laughed "Well Feeble, I'll put in a good word for you with Raven. You have been a big help, sorry for calling so late."

"Thank you and you are welcome Mistress."

It was pushing 10 at night here and I decided I should do a visual inspection at home. When I booted up the program on my laptop it started by default on the Isolation Cell. The slut was laid out diagonally across the room, instead of with her feet toward the wall opposite the door as I have required of her.

I activated the audio link. "What do you think you are doing slut? Get that mat positioned properly or you will lose it!"

She sprang up onto her knees and looked straight at the camera. "Thank goodness Mistress; the slut feared you were not checking up on us. The slut did this hoping to get your attention Mistress."

I had my doubts of her sincerity. "Why would you want my attention?"

"She is concerned that Master is not well. He was falling asleep during dinner, and slept until she woke him when you called."

"And when he slept you did what?"

"The slut cleaned up from dinner, and then knelt by his side waiting for him to take her to her cell."

"He told me none of this earlier. If this just a ploy to get out of punishment..."

"Please Mistress, just ask little boy, he will not obscure the truth to you if you claim to know already, The slut will accept any punishment you deem required if you will please just check on Master."

Her concern seemed real. "Very well wait for little boy or me to get back to you before going to bed again."

"Yes Mistre..." I flipped through to the bedroom feed before she could finish.

It was already in night vision mode, I could see little boy lying in bed, eyes wide open staring at my empty pillow. I started the playback of the nighttime recordings from Sunday and Monday nights. Sunday showed little boy rolling around, and building a pile on my side of the bed. He could not seem to get comfortable. Monday, was much like tonight, he lay there wide awake all night staring at my side of the bed. Then I watched the recording from tonight, and it was just as she had said. He fell asleep while eating he even dropped his fork on the floor narrowly missing the slut's hand as it fell. The slut had good reason for concern.

I switched over to live feed and I dialed his phone. He practically leapt off the bed as my ringtone scared the shit out of him. "Mistress! Is there a problem?"

"Yes little boy, with you. Why aren't you sleeping?"

"I was in bed Mistress."

"But you weren't sleeping. Why didn't you tell me you were having a problem sleeping?"

"How... Little boy did not want to worry Mistress. He is just having a problem sleeping without you Mistress."

"Maybe lying in a cage will help you sleep."

"Yes Mistress." He said dejectedly as he got up and headed to the door."

"Keith I was joking!"

"I'm sorry Mistress, he is just... Forgive me Mistress, this slave is just so..."

"Baby get out your sleepsack and set it on my side of the bed."

"Little boy has tried to..."

"You are not going to be lining up pillows and blankets this time, but filling it with a warm body. Fetch the slut, have her get in it, and try to sleep that way."

"Mistress, are you sure? I want you, not..."

"Do it for me, try to sleep this way. It may not be me, but a living surrogate may be sufficient for you to sleep. Do not worry about getting up until you wake naturally, or when I call to check with you before I go for breakfast."

"Yes Mistress, as you command."

I had flipped quickly back to the cell during the end of my conversation with little boy. "Slut little boy will be with you shortly to administer your punishment. If you need me again do just what you did tonight. Fix up your sleeping mat now."

"I understand Mistress"

I watched as little boy got the slut and led her by the hand out of the cell, and then into the sleepsack on our bed, making sure her arms were in the internal sleeves before closing the zipper. The sleepsack had been custom made for little boy. Since she was two inches taller than little boy and had a descent bust line, it fit her rather snugly.

"Master, has Mistress approved this? The slut does not want to get you in trouble."

"It's her idea. I will be honest slut. I have not slept well without Mistress. Somehow she found this out. She thinks having you in bed with me will help."

"This slave is glad to be of help Master.&nbsp; Now Master please try to sleep, close your eyes and just dream of Mistress."

He turned out the light and I watched in the night vision. 

I heard the slut whisper; "Master? Master?" Slightly louder she spoke toward the ceiling; "It worked Mistress. Thank you for trusting this slave's word, she is proud to serve in your absence. Good night Mistress."

I watched a while longer as my slaves slept. Little boy had a content look on his face as he cuddled up to her. I was not sure if I should feel happy that he has become so dependent on me, or jealous that another warm body was sufficient to replace me. I decided to be relieved he would be more awake and alert in coming days.

The next morning they were both still asleep when I got up to hit the hotel gym. I called little boy's cell and watched as they startled awake.

"Good morning Mistress."

"Do you feel better my love?" 

"Yes Mistress, thank you, she was a sufficient placebo, the slut's breathing and heartbeat put me to sleep very quickly."

"Take her to bed with you, just like she is now, until my return. You will tell me if there are any more problems. I don't need you falling asleep while driving or mowing the lawn."

"Yes Mistress, little boy understands. He is sorry!"

"Put me on speaker."

"Ok you're on speaker."

"Slut."

"Yes Mistress?"

"I want you to keep an eye on little boy. If he continues to have a problem you will have him call me. If she tells me she told you to call and you didn't; I will take you over my knee."

"Yes Mistress" They said in chorus.

"Now get yourselves in gear, you are already behind schedule for today. Little boy keep yourself dressed the next few days and carry your phone."

"Yes Mistress" They said in chorus again.

-----

I was chained up in my cell as little boy did his enemas, before he came and got me and administered my own. After our shower, little boy and I went through the rest of our daily routine and were quickly at the point where we normally would be at lunchtime. As I cleaned the counter little boy came up beside me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. 

"Thank you slut, I don't know how you did it, but I know you somehow told Mistress."

I played dumb. "This slut does not know what you are talking about Master."

"She knew too much about my situation for someone two time zones away. Did she slip you a cell phone?"

I turned to him, "Master! Do you honestly believe Mistress would trust the slut with a phone? She is a wise Mistress, she has her ways."

After our dinner cleanup little boy left me in the cell until he was ready for bed. There had been no more incidents with him sleeping during the day, so I believed Mistress's solution would get him through the rest of the week. 

It felt good to be that close to another person again. Aside from Marv, I had not been intimate with anyone since the client I had two days before I started hunting for Keith Urnst. During his sleep little boy's hands roamed my body a little, waking me on occasion from the pleasant feelings.



Soon it was Friday morning and little boy was hoisting my legs up. I was surprised when he came back and started a third enema (Fridays I normally only got two), when he hung up the bag a fourth time I knew today was going to be a bit different.

In all I got six enemas, if my colon had any shit left in it; it would be a miracle! Little boy then had me stand and attached my wrists to the spreader bar that my feet had just been attached to. He had touched up my shaving earlier in the week while we showered after our enemas. He went over my legs, underarms, and head with the razor. He left me hanging and returned with a key. I knew that key.

"Master you've had the slut's chastity belt key all week?"

"Of course, and my own, just in case of medical emergency. Now I'm going to shave your pubes, hold still while I'm working."

"Yes Master."

He soon had the belt and corset set aside and was spreading the shave lotion over me. He carefully shaved my pussy, pubic mound, and even my asshole. To finish he sprayed me down with cold water from head to toe.

Another surprise came when little boy brought a yoke in from the main room. He first attached it to my neck and then each arm was detached from its end of the spreader bar and into the end of the yoke.

This device usually meant pain was soon coming.

Little boy had me lay on a bench with my ass hanging off the end and attached my collar to a chain from the floor. 

"Comfy?"

"Not really Master, but is the slut's comfort really an issue?"

"No it's not slut. Five with the flogger across the belly." That was Mistress's voice!

After little boy had made my belly a little pink I looked around and saw a laptop sitting up on the table, Mistress was watching through an online video chat. She saw me notice the computer. "That was for being sarcastic. Finish up little boy."

He quickly had cuffs on my ankles and just above my knees. These cuffs were soon hooked to chains so that I was splayed open and unable to close my legs. Lastly he attached what looked like the handle of a shopping cart over me 

"She is ready Mistress."

"You did good little boy. Get everything else ready. Slut when was the last time you had an orgasm?"

"About a week before this slut broke into your home Mistress."

"So your Uncle Marv has never made you cum?"

"No Mistress, the slut would feel an orgasm building but he always finished before the slut could cum."

"No real surprise there, that's one of the reasons why I only dated him a short time. That and he really wasn't much into submitting to me." I saw the look of surprise on little boy's face, he had evidently not known Marv and Mistress had a sexual history. "Today I will let you cum, if you agree to my stipulations."

I felt a few tears on my face. "Anything Mistress, the slut is at your mercy."

I could see her smile on the laptop's display. "Fail to do as instructed or beg for anything I instruct to stop and it all ends and you may never get another chance."

"The slut understands Mistress."

"First little boy will fuck you up the ass, until he leaves his sperm deep in your rectum. With that complete he will slide on a cock ring while he is limp and you will orally service him until he is hard again. When he feels it is time he will fuck your cunt until I say to stop. You will ask for permission to cum each time you are close, and then you will wait for me to allow it."

"Please Mistress, I... she agrees to it all!"

"Okay little boy, nipple clamps, and remember hang the weights over the side."

Little boy attached a clover clamps to each nipple. I suppressed a scream as he dropped the weights which were each attached to a clamp by a several inch long chain. They hung below my torso and were swinging freely pulling my breasts to the side.

"Do you want to continue?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Begin then little boy."

I was lubed up and he began pushing into me. Unlike the first time he took me anally, he slid in with little resistance. Finally a benefit from wearing the rear shield of my chastity belt daily!

He took hold of the 'shopping cart' and its purpose became obvious; leverage!

He pushed in and out, causing the weights to swing and painfully tug my nipples in multiple directions.

"Crop; left, right, center!"

Little boy's right hand disappeared from my view, and then I felt the bite of the crop's leather popper at the base of my left rib cage a moment later. I saw the crop as he raised it to reach for the same spot on the far side. I looked him in the eye as he delivered a blow to my stomach. He closed his eyes as the hit landed home.

Mistress called out sequences and locations for the crop to be delivered and little boy followed them to the letter.

"You may cum little boy, deliver your strongest blow to her stomach as you release, and stare into her eyes as you do it. Now!"

Mistress had trained him well and he released on command. It could have been my imagination, but in my emptied state I swear I felt his semen filling me. I saw the look of relief at the release and regret as the crop came down hard on my stomach. I could not suppress that scream.

"Goooood boy! Now hold it in her until you feel things get loose. Stick a few fingers in her pussy. Tell me is she a horny slut?"

"Dripping Mistress."

"Make her suck it off you."

I was not really a stranger to the taste of a female's love juices, but it was the first time I would be tasting my own.

Little boy lowered the three middle fingers of his right hand toward me and I opened up for him. Several strands elongated from his fingers and leapt to my lips. I was dripping wet!

I didn't resist as he slid his fingers between my lips, and dutifully sealed my lips and sucked his fingers clean.

"Little boy, next stage."

He pulled his fingers out of my mouth and turned around to the table. I could barely see the cock ring as he approached me. When he was starting to lean over me I saw it was actually two rings joined by a leather band, one on each side of his ball sack, I could tell they would be tight enough to delay, but not completely stop his ejaculation. He put his weight on the leverage bar and forced himself deep into my mouth.

Now I was glad for the additional enemas, as little boys cock appeared to be clean, both in appearance and taste.

I don't have much of a gag reflex but whenever Mistress has made me suck him off; his size had made it difficult to say the least. Normally I could back up enough to breathe every few moments. The way we were that was not an option. When I began struggling little boy pulled back enough and I took a breath through my nose.

"That's it little boy keep her on the edge." He pushed down a little again until he knew I needed air. We kept that pattern up as he swelled to his normal engorged size.

"Mistress, I am ready."

"Yes so is she, I can see her glistening from here. Push in her as far as you can for a few moments, then pull out and remove the clamps."

My view of little boy's ass started to get fuzzy as my lungs screamed. Suddenly I was gulping fresh air. The shocking pain erupted as blood rushed back into my nipples. This time the scream was unstoppable.

When my vision cleared I saw Mistress's face showing almost evil delight. "Now little boy, and keep that crop handy!"

Little boy began pushing into my love canal.

"God she's tight."

"Well Marv's the only one to be in her for so long, and trust me; he is not very impressive. Now right nipple, left nipple, Right bicep, left bicep!"

The crop rained down as dictated. The shots to my nipples drew tears to my eyes. "Do you still want this orgasm slut?"

"Yes Mistress!"

"Ask for permission when you want it" Mistress continued calling out targets and little boy continued to hit each one.

The first few times I thought I was ready I asked to cum and was denied. Finally I was practically begging, almost incoherent.

"CUM NOW! Double titty twister!"

The orgasm ripped through me when little boy grabbed my nipples and twisted my nipples in opposite directions, while slamming his monster deep into me. My vision exploded in stars.

I barely was even aware of the continued onslaught of the crop, as little boy's cock continued to plow into me I was shaken by what I could only describe as aftershock orgasms.

"Little boy you may cum when you are ready. You will give the slut twisters again when you are ready, slut you may cum again at that time!"

I looked on in anticipation as little boy reached over the bar and took my nipples between his fingers. I saw a pained look on his face; I knew the orgasm was going to be painful through the rings. Mistress was cruelly making him suffer for me.

Little boy toyed with my nipples, I felt him start to twist them, but it felt like it was all in slow motion. I don't remember receiving the pain, but I remember the mind shattering orgasm.

I came back to awareness with my head cradled in little boy's hands.

"Welcome back from sub-space slut. I am pleased with your reactions; it means my training of your worthless body hasn't been a waste."

"Th... tha... thank you Mistress. Slut has never felt so..." I struggled with the feeling I was having.

"Alive?"

I cried at my sudden understanding "Yes Master that is it."

"Little boy, take her to the shower, fresh corset, and her belt goes on, as does your own. Then you both may lie down on my bed. Chain her collar to the headboard and set the alarm for 9:30. Your lunch reservation is at 11:30. I'll see you both tomorrow afternoon." She didn't even wait for a response as she disconnected the chat session.

-----

The slut fell quickly to sleep after thanking me and kissing my cheek. I could tell in her eyes she knew I was behind her experience this morning. Of course my original plan involved the Symbian and no form of torture. 

The cock ring had been a cruel part for me. My second orgasm had come with quite a bit of pain, destroying the pleasure. If Mistress had been here personally and been whipping me or something I'm sure I would have slipped into sub-space for her. But having her on the computer screen was not real enough and as hard as I tried the mindset would not envelope me.

I laid there for about a half hour, it was pushing 9 now and I just had too many thoughts to sleep. I slipped from the bed and went to the den. I had not brought my laptop up with us so I used the iPhone that Mistress got me a few months ago to send her a mail.

&nbsp; Mistress,

&nbsp; I have such odd feelings about this
&nbsp; morning.

&nbsp; Part of me enjoyed tormenting her for
&nbsp; you, part of me reviled it. 

&nbsp; I feel happy I provided her pleasure, but
&nbsp; hate myself for providing the pleasure to
&nbsp; someone other than you. 
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; I know it was at your order, but I always
&nbsp; feel like I betray you whenever I have
&nbsp; anything but oral sex with another
&nbsp; woman.

&nbsp; Does this make me a bad slave for not
&nbsp; enjoying something you order? Or a bad
&nbsp; husband for enjoying it enough to
&nbsp; orgasm?

&nbsp; Maybe I am just letting my emotions get
&nbsp; the better of me, or I am just missing you 
&nbsp; that much that I feel extra guilty.

&nbsp; You are my one true love

&nbsp; Your adoring slave
&nbsp; little boy

I felt some of the stress leave me as I wrote the missive. Now do I delete it or send it?

On a whim I hit 'send'.

Since I'm up and around I go to the spare room and get the slut's clothes together. Mistress had her whole outfit selected already; I just needed to set it out.

I heard the alarm go in the next room for a moment before being shut off. "Master little boy where are you?"

"I'll be right there slut!"

I grabbed the first part of her outfit and went to apply it.

She looked at the device with awe. "Master what is that?"

"I'm disappointed you don't recognize the only two cocks that you have experienced for quite a while." The device was a pair of dildoes cast from Marv and I's penises. Mine would go in her front opening. Marv's replica slid along a metal strip and would seat itself in her ass. All kept in place by her belt.

She began laughing. "When you see them together it's no wonder it felt like you were splitting the slut."

"Well this will be in you today for our lunch trip."

The humor left her face. "How am I... eeyow!" I managed to be quick on the draw for that slip of her tongue. "How is the slut going to walk with that in her?"

"You'll figure it out; you have about an hour and a half to get accustomed to it. Now will you be a good girl and allow me to do it right here, or do I need to take you down and suspend you by the wrists."

"The slut will not resist you Master. You will not need to restrain her."

I took her key from the dresser and unlocked her belt. After a liberal lubing I slid the pair into her adjusting the strip a little for a better slide. I pulled the crotch strap back up and locked it back in place on the belt's front stem. She made an involuntary grunt as the devices were pushed deeper as I closed the belt.

"Be right back." I went into the den and exchanged keys, taking the collar key and leaving the chastity key. On my way out I switched off the invisible fence at the inner garage door."

She looked surprised when I removed her collar.

"Don't fret you will still be fully punishable." She just continued staring at the collar in my hand. "Slut?"

She looked up at me. "Does this mean you trust the slut?"

"No it means I've installed an alternative."

"The inserts you just put in?"

"Yes and they are more than just punishment." She looked at me for more explanation. "Have you ever seen the Rutger Hauer movie 'Wedlock'?"

"No sir."

"He plays a thief who was double-crossed and sent to a special prison. All the prisoners wear an explosive neck collar that is paired with the collar of another unknown prisoner. If the two paired collars get more than 300 feet apart, both collars explode killing the prisoners. That's where I got this idea from; your insert works on a similar principle if you get more than 40 feet from me you will activate the punishment at maximum strength until I disable it. At 35 feet you will get a low level warning jolt and I'll get a beep from the remote."

She gave me a concerned look. "But what if..."

"No what ifs, you just stay close to me and you will be fine."

"Yes Master."

"Now walk to the laundry room and back a few times to get accustomed to them in you, I'll send you a low level shock when I'm ready, I'll be in here or in the next bedroom."

-----

The 'little Marv' plug wasn't hard to get accustom to, it was thinner than the plug of the device that hampers my ability to sit, but it was a bit deeper in me then the rear shield would be. The 'little boy' plug was a whole other story. It was my fourth lap before I felt like I had a normal gait.

I got the summons and went down the hall to find little boy sitting on the bed of one of the spare bedrooms. An outfit was laid out for me to wear.

"Master, these are some of the clothes this slut wore when she was free!"

"Yes Mistress had kept some of your old clothes. It helped with the cover that you left town. Now get dressed."

I almost asked him to leave so I could dress, I laughed at myself for that. This man has regularly bathed me, given me daily enemas, cleaned me up after I piss, and locked me in corsets and a chastity belt, not to mention he had fucked me silly just this morning. Modesty was not really necessary here.

No panties were set out that I saw just a bra and a new package of pantyhose. I opened the semi-opaque tan tights and slid them up my legs. The bra didn't quite fit right because of the corset so I had to adjust into the next set of hooks for a smaller fit. The black skirt was knee length, the top a blue light sweater with a low cut scallop neck and a black build-in mock turtleneck. 

Little boy brought over a pair of court shoes with an attached ankle strap and knelt in front of me. "Right foot." I complied and he slipped on the shoe and slid the inside ankle strap through a little box on the outside. I raised my left foot for him to repeat the process without being prompted. "Good girl slut. Now that your outfit is complete, time for the cosmetics, over to the vanity." He motioned me to the side of the door. "There is the makeup Mistress has approved; you may use what you like. We expect respectful amounts, think business conservative, not streetwalker. Oh wait this may help you decide on colors!"

He sets a Styrofoam head on the table next to me; it was topped with a realistic brown shoulder length hair wig done in a rather plain style. Indeed the color of the wig altered my initial color selection that was based on my natural blond hair color. "Let me know when you will be ready for the wig, and I'll help you with it."

I took my time and got myself looking presentable and I sprayed myself with a light perfume. "Sir, this slut is ready for her wig."

"Okay line up the wig so it looks good." I did as instructed, and then little boy held a couple of fingers to my forehead. "Now pull it off again and hold it." I did as instructed and he ran what looked like a roll-on deodorant stick over my head near his fingers, and several swipes going back my head. "Wig adhesive," he went on to explain, "so we don't have to worry about it falling off easily. Mistress says it will take a little effort to remove the wig, but the adhesive itself will come off easily with just soap and water. Last thing are these."

He hands me a pair of glasses, which I dutifully put on. They are rather plain design, with plain glass lenses. I looked in the vanity mirror and saw a rather mousy librarian or secretary looking back at me. "Say hello to my half-sister Sandy, your 'out of the home' personality."

"Sandy?"

"Yeah, that was my idea, a contraction of 'slut Brandy'. Mistress thought it sufficient a name as any." He placed a hand on my shoulder. "You look lovely, in a bookworm kind of way. Nobody will be able to recognize Sandy Urnst as Brandy... whatever your last name was."

I didn't even bother to reply with my correct last name, it was now a thing of the past that was no longer of value to me. 

"Here is your purse Sandy, with a wallet containing a realistic enough Illinois driver's license and fake credit cards, my old dead cell phone for appearances, and maybe you may want to put in some touch up makeup. Go wait in the living room as I dress." 

"Yes Master."

"While you're dressed as Sandy in public you may talk normally and refer to me as Keith. You may start now just to get into the habit."

"Thank you Keith, it feels odd to say it again. I bet it seems odd to hear your real name."

"Sometimes I really hate to hear it. Now let me get ready or we will be late."


I was disappointed when little boy led me to his old Subaru Legacy wagon. It's not a bad car, he has kept it in good condition and it has all the right amenities, but sitting there next to a Fourth Generation Ford Mustang 5.0 Convertible and a Mercedes S-Class, it was a blah car to say the least.

I guess Mistress does not let him drive her cars because he would have to move the seat forward, and we all know men do not adjust seats back.

Little boy backs out of the garage and we are on our way once the garage door has closed.

His phone trills and he hands it to me. "No funny stuff just read me the message and hand it back. Mistress will have my hide if she finds out I let you even touch a phone."

The trust he was showing surprised me. "It's from Mistress, it says: E-mail, the equal symbol, the way I like it. Emotional confusion in you should be norm, smiley face. If you haven't left yet you should ASAP to make reservation. Tell "Sandy" to relax and enjoy herself for me. She has earned this day in your eyes, I trust your judgment. Then it has a red heart and the letter 'u'."

I hand him back the phone. "Thank you Sandy, I knew it was a message from Christine, mostly because I don't get many from anyone else but Rebecca, but also by the message tone.

"Can I ask you a question?"

"Can't guarantee I'll answer, but you can ask."

"Did you willingly become Mistress's slave?"

He laughed. "Yes and no. She kidnapped me off the street after seeing me at a bar..."

"The Grand Street?"

"Yes, that's the one. You know it?"

"Been there once, the night before I came to take you. You might say that is the most direct reason I am in this position."&nbsp; I wrung my hands together, hoping I had not brought up bad memories for him.

He gave me a sideways glance, almost smiling. "So I've been told. Well when I woke in the cell, your current cell, she entered the cell and I looked up at her and knew I had met the woman of my dreams, and when she gave me the name 'little boy' something in me just clicked and I knew my destiny and Mistress had both found me. I was hers; if she had changed her mind and kicked me onto the street I would have been devastated. But I also could tell she wanted me to fight back, resist. So I did, even though I had no real desire to, up until the day you opened my cell door, and well tried to de-nut me."

"I only meant to scare you, honest. That explains why you didn't want to leave with me."

"Also your eyes, you had a look of a hunter stalking her prey, I knew your intentions were less than heroic."

"I thought I hid that well."

"Not even close."

-----

We were walking in and I had 'Sandy' pose for some quick photos in front of the restaurant and a close-up head shot. I immediately sent them all off to Mistress.

We were met by the hostess. "Mister Cavanaugh! We were expecting your wife today."

"She was originally going to be here, but she was sent out of town this week for work."

"We wondered why the two of you did not come in as normal on Wednesday. She will be missed today also, right this way."

We had a pleasant meal, with light conversation and friendly teasing. Toward the end of the meal a woman walked up to the table. "Hi Keith, do you remember me? I work with your wife." She looked right toward the slut when she said 'wife'.

"Allie, no wait, Alice right?"

"Yes and how is Christine's seminar? She was so lucky to get to go to Boulder this time of year." Again she seemed more focused on looking at the slut than me.

The slut evidently was having enough of the implied comments and took the bull by the horns. "She was having a good time this morning when I talked to her. She was just sorry she missed my visit."

She gave the slut a nasty look "Oh, that's nice. I passed up on going this year."

"Sorry to hear that, Christine was saying there was a lot of interesting things to do and learn this year."

The tension was thick when Alice took her leave. Her cell phone was to her ear before she even got back to her own table.

I was waiting for the waitress to return with my credit card when my phone started ringing.&nbsp; I was glad I had remembered to turn down the ringer so Mistress's ringtone had not blast out through the expensive restaurant.

I looked in Alice's direction as I answered. She had an almost evil grin on her face as she looked back at me.

"Hi baby."

"The nerve of you, going out with another woman while I'm away." She laughed. "Is Miss Nosey-body close enough for Sandy to go talk to her?"

"Yes Ma'am she is."

"Good, let me talk to Sandy."

I offer the phone to the slut. "Christine would like a word."

I saw Alice taking in the show, but I was distracted by the waitress's return. Slut handed me back the phone. "I'll be right back."

Seeing the call was still active I placed it to my head. "Okay I give, what's up?"

"Sandy will fill you in later. I gotta go now, Love you."

"Love you too, bye."

When the slut returned she gave me a wink and smiled.

Once we were back in my car I looked at the slut. "Okay slut, spill."

"What Master?"

"What did Mistress have you say to Alice?"

"Oh I thanked her for calling me a 'pretty nerd' and that my sister-in-law Christine said to remind her that she needs to have the Ferdinand analysis file on Christine's desk first thing Monday. She evidently called someone who is with Mistress so Mistress had me drop some inside info to waylay the gossip."

"I bet she was all kinds of embarrassed."

"Red in the face mad was more like it. I get the impression there is some bad feelings between them, and she thought she had something to discredit Mistress with. And the other people at the table laughed."

"You realize that was a big show of faith from Mistress."

"Huh? Wow you're right! I could have really screwed Mistress. I was just happy to help her, that woman was annoying!"

We laughed as I started the car and drove away.



When we got home I had the slut strip down to her corset and chastity belt. She was surprised to discover her shoes were locked on. They were in fact the same shoes I wore home from Richard's Shop the day he tricked me into dressing like a girl.

"Slut the crotch of your pantyhose are very damp!"

She gave me a shy smile, which turned into a big grin. "Master you and Uncle Marv have been slowly fucking your slave's holes all afternoon.&nbsp; She could not help but be wet."

I laughed. I must admit it was one hell of an image. "Get used to it; they are staying in until Mistress removes them."

"That is a mixed blessing."

I helped her remove her wig and as she went to clean the glue from her scalp and makeup from her face, I stored it back on the wig stand head and hung the clothes. I started extracting the slut's 'Knot Time uniform'. I left the ballet boots and posture shock collar in their place; tonight she would be wearing the same shoes as today, and a normal posture collar. Also being added to her ensemble was a matching white rubber bra and panty set that was to be worn over her catsuit.

I tossed her the hosiery "Start with washing these up, and then finish cleaning up the kitchen. I need a few things from the dungeon for tonight."

"Yes Master little boy"

Mistress had her plans for tonight and I was going to carry them out. Going through the store room shelves I pulled out a white posture collar and a matching set of wrist and ankle cuffs. I then went to the wall to get an adjustable spreader bar and a flogger with medium soft leather thongs. I stuffed all of these in a small duffle bag along with a handful of carabineer snap rings and returned to the main house.










Another Slaviversary 2 - Interrupted Celebration
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

Little boy had me lay down for a nap in the spare bedroom in the late afternoon. He said I'd need my energy for later as he locked my collar to a chain on the headboard. I laid there seeing my 'isolation suit' hanging on the wall. I had a love-hate relationship with it; I hated the all-encompassing restrictive design, but loved the fact that it meant I was getting time out of the house and didn't have to worry about being recognized. Mistress had me wear the hood and collar a few times with my normal uniform when Master Richard and Rebecca came and played cards with Mistress and little boy while I served food and drinks.

Around five o'clock little boy freed me from the bed and instructed me to make a small batch of spaghetti for dinner. Little boy took place settings into the dining room.

When I brought the pot of spaghetti to the table I noticed two plates at the table. "Master are we expecting someone?"

"No silly, I am allowing you to eat at the table tonight."

"What will Mistress say?"

"I am making the decision; if she disapproves I will accept full responsibility."

I was very uncomfortable eating at Mistress's table. I thanked God for the small miracle that little boy set my place across from him and not in Mistress's chair.

Once we were cleaned up from dinner little boy led me to the bedroom and set out my outfit.

"Master where is the slut's goggles, hood, and collar?"

"We will put them on when we arrive at Knot Time, for now we will just do below the neck."

After I was in the catsuit he slid a pair of rubber panties up my legs, the insides had been dusted with powder. "You will need these since when I designed your suit I planned for you to always have in the anti-sitting device sticking through; we have a top to match."

We managed to get me into the bra. I needed to push in my boobs as little boy pulled it down over them. He then wiped me down with a cloth to get the excess powder off of me.

He soon had me locked back into the shoes I wore earlier (which were a bit more snug with the thicker rubber) and white cuffs strapped around my wrists and ankles.

Last he handed me a ball cap and my 'Sandy' glasses. I dutifully, and clumsily, donned both. "Do I have to remind you about the Wedlock device?"

I shook my head. "No Sir, it reminds me itself every time I move."

"Okay then, I'll get dressed and we'll head over."



Little boy wore leather pants over boots, and a leather vest over his bare chest. He looked the part of a Dom, except for the thin stainless steel collar on his neck.

We were driving away when little boy started talking. "Mistress has signed you up as the entertainment for tonight."

That doesn't sound good for me. "Umm, entertainment?"

"Yup I will be attaching you to the whipping post for 90 minutes starting at eight, ass high in the air. I am providing the only implement to be used on you, a relatively soft flogger, with two layers of rubber it shouldn't hurt too much."

"But wasn't this supposed to be a special night for this slut?"

"Hmm. Soft flogger, extra padding, only 90 minutes, sounds like a relatively easy night to me. I could get some paddles or canes if you prefer."

"That is not necessary Master, the slut will settle for the original plans."

He smiled. "I thought that would be the case."

We were silent the rest of the trip. When we got to the parking area just inside the industrial complex little boy parked in the back of the lot. He removed my hat and glasses and set them on the back seat. Soon I had been fitted up with my hood and a white posture collar was locked on over it. Little boy came around the car and let me out.

"Looks like Mistress Helena is here already, maybe Mistress told her you would be available for punishment and she wanted to be first in line." He motioned to the white limo parked next to the building.

We stepped up onto the curb when we heard little boy's name called out. We turned to see the limo had pulled up behind us. Helena was sitting in the open door and waving him to come toward her. "Little boy, come here I have something to show you before we go in." He led me over and leaned into the limo's passenger compartment.

I suddenly got hit with the image of a pedophile luring a child into their van. A second later little boy let out a muffled cry. I felt tugging on my leash. I could hear the struggling inside the limo. I wrapped my fingerless gloves around the leash and tried to pull little boy out. The end of the leash came out of the limo and swung around my back. 

I rushed the limo door. Suddenly Helena was in my face. "I know who you are Brandy, if you want to have a chance at living you will disappear now and not tell anybody anything." She shoved me away and climbed back into the limo. 

I tried to chase it as they drove off, but they pulled steadily away. I stopped, struggling for breath through my nostrils as I watched the limo get smaller. I braced myself for the shocks I knew were coming.

But they never came. Was the 'wedlock device' a fraud? My leash was swinging back and forth around my legs, something kept bumping my ankle. I lifted the leash and heard a jingle. Quickly I pulled the end of the leash into my field of vision. The object bumping my ankles was my Master's car keys, and the device that went with my nether region's intruders!

Little boy knew he was in trouble and did what he could to protect me from what would have been collateral damage from his abduction.

I turned around and ran...&nbsp; Straight for the club's entrance.

I got into the foyer by almost knocking over the bouncer. He tried to grab me but he was a tad too slow and the rubber too slick.

I ran past the coat check room unhindered. 

I looked over the main area, looking for someone to help. I saw Rebecca dressed in a yellow catsuit near the bar and aimed for her. I got a few steps before the bouncer caught me hollering for me to stop.

It was enough to get Rebecca's attention. She pointed at me and yelled. "Richard it's slut, and she's alone!"

I was still resisting the bouncer when Richard had made it to us.

"Hold up what's going on here?"

"This wannabe just blew through the entrance."

"She isn't a wannabe. Slut where is your Mistress and little boy?"

I mimed that Mistress was working but he couldn't understand me.

"Get me a bolt cutter."

I shook my head no and covered the collar's lock with my hands."

"God Master you suck at charades. Her Mistress flew away for work."

I pointed to Rebecca indicating she was right.

I next held my hand below my eyes and then made like I was holding a cock.

"Little boy?"

I reached out and took Richard's arm and yanked him toward me.

"Grabbed or pulled." Rebecca's guessed.

"Or taken." The bouncer piped in. I pointed at him.

I made a steering wheel action.

"A car?" I put my hands together and pulled them slowly apart. "A big car... He was taken by someone in a limo!" I nodded my head the little I could. "Rich, I only know one person who comes here in a limo!"

Richard looked shocked. "Slut was it Helena that grabbed Keith?" I pointed at him and bobbed my whole body. He turned to the bouncer. "Take me to the security room; I want to see the external camera recordings. Then have someone inform Marcus there's been a sub abducted outside by a Domme they don't belong to, have him call me for specifics. Becks stay here with slut."

Thirty minutes later the three of us were in an SUV heading toward Helena's estate, which was pretty far out of town from my understanding.

-----

After reading little boy's email I decided I would skip the rest of the conference and join my slaves that night. I dearly missed them, even the slut. So I paid the rescheduling fee to fly back earlier.

The taxi dropped me off in front of the house. I knew little boy and slut would already have left for Knot Time. I punched in the garage's access code into the keypad so the first door would go up. I set my bags in the bedroom and went straight to the den. I opened the safe and took out the tool so I could immediately put on my bracelet and tightened the retaining screw. For an item I initially refused, I really missed its presence this week. Little boy had been right, it reminded me I had him waiting for me at home.

I was trying to decide whether I wanted to change before I left to join my slaves or go just as I was when the house phone rang.

The caller ID showed it was coming from Helena so I decided to answer it. "Hello."

"Thank God, I've been trying to call your cell for the last half hour."

"And you are?" I checked my cell; I had neglected to turn it on in my rush to get home.

"Oh sorry Miss Christine, it is Gerald, Madame Helena's butler."

"I'm in a bit of a hurry Gerald, is it important?"

"Ma'am, Mistress Helena has kidnapped your husband; I think she's torturing him right now! I'm afraid she has gone off the deep end!"

-----

As soon as I had leaned into the back of the limo I had a flashback of being attacked and restrained by Helena at Mistress's front door, and I knew I had just made a mistake! 

My right wrist had a handcuff slapped over it. I tried to yank away and scream banging my head on the roof's interior when a gag was shoved between my teeth as I cursed at myself. I had an empty handcuff hanging from my wrist just waiting for my other wrist; a chain attached the cuffs to the floor of the limo. I wasn't going anywhere.

I looked at Helena who had sat down on the side opposite me, smiling with glee. I could feel the slut pulling on the leash trying to pull me out. I pulled hard enough on her leash to get my hands together and attached the keys in my right hand to the loop on the leash around my left hand. By this point the brute who gagged me was trying to get my free arm. I let the slut's next pull on the leash take the leash from my hand completely. I didn't want the Wedlock device electrocuting her for my mistake.

The moment after, my hands were joined by the cuffs in front of me.

"I'll take care of the whore out there." Helena smiled as she went past me. I heard her threaten slut. When she climbed back in she exclaimed: "Now she will be no trouble." 

Once we were moving she had my gag removed. "You and I are going to get to know one another much better now; you will be my new pain slave."

"No! I won't give in to you! Mistress will come for me!"

"Don't you see? She is going to come home tomorrow to an empty house, she will eventually believe her husband ran off with her house-slave. She will be so broken hearted." She gave me this fake sad look. "She'll turn to me for comfort, and I'll slowly seduce her, make her my lover, and finally enslave her like I tried to do so long ago."

"Mistress will never submit to another person." I glared at her.

"Eventually she will have no choice as I will be slowly drugging her to break her will. I'm taking what I've wanted for so long by having it come crying to me."

She laughed as I ran at her. She was smiling because she knew the chain was too short for me to reach her, what she didn't know was not only was I well aware of it, I had done the basic math in my head accounting for a 'little boy' extension.

I leapt at the last possible moment, the chain and cuffs went tight and yanked on my arms, my legs kept moving forward to the point I had aimed just to her left. It was painful as my shoulders stretched in a way they were never meant to, but my momentum, combined with the forward momentum of the vehicle resulted in both of my feet contacting with a thud in her gut. The air left her lungs. The surprised look on her face was worth the pain that I was sure would come later as a result.

The pair of brutes dog-piled on me. And Helena kicked me. "You'll pay for that."

"Make it count! If you lay one hand on my Mistress I'll..."

"You'll be cowering in a cell begging for death by then! Gag him again, I tire of his insolence!"

I was ready this time and resisted, at least until I felt the fist come hammering down at the base of my skull a few times, the darkness crept over me in moments.



I woke naked on my back in a dimly lit room. My hands were still cuffed, and chained somewhere above my head. My ankles were bound together and strung up to the ceiling.

"You dare to strike me, you will pay the price."

"Let me go!"

"I want to hear your screams as I destroy the offenders."

"Offenders?" A moment later the cane hitting across the soles of my feet answered my question. She delivered blow after blow to my feet, and when she tired she passed the cane to one of the brutes to continue.

I was crying uncontrollably by the time she ordered me to be turned over. I had tried to slip into subspace, but I could not find the way. With the pain I was experiencing, I would not have been surprised to see my legs ended in bloody stumps at my ankles if I had managed to look up.

Once I was flipped I was strapped down with my hands together, anchored to whatever was supporting my weight, belts ran over my back at my waist and chest, my legs hung limply down the sides and were restrained by a strap buckled over each calf.

"Show him your mark!" The brute closest to me showed me his forearm tattoo; a horse up on its rear legs with a whip across it. "You're getting one just like it, but yours will be branded in your ass. Next time you see your wife; she will have willingly subjected herself to the tattoo version also."

"No!" I tried to get free, a fruitless effort.

"You fetch the branding iron and the flame pit. You put an isolation hood on him. I want him to have no distractions. I'll remove your collar later, I'm sure we have the proper tool, but I think we'll use bolt cutters just so you can see your precious gift destroyed." When the man approached me with the hood I put up a futile effort to avoid my fate.

I was soon blind, deaf, and gagged. My back was being beat with a flogger as I waited for my ass to be forever scarred by this madwoman. When the flogging finally stopped I felt the intense heat wave over my ass from side to side. I braced for the extreme pain. Then suddenly the heat was gone. She was toying with me, trying to crush my spirit.

I realized someone was fumbling with my hand restraints, when I felt them loosen I pulled my hands free and started swinging wildly but not connecting with anything. I felt long fingernails dig into the underside of each of my wrists and my arms were overpowered to a halt.

I continued to try to wrest free but Helena's grip on me was too strong to break. My right hand became engulfed in rubber from each side. At first I thought they were rubber mitts being slid over my hands, but then I realized they were filled already. They were living hands! The rubber hands that had no fingers or thumbs, it was the slut!

She patted my hand and forced me to open it. The grip on that wrist released and slut guided it to my other wrist and set it on top of the hand holding my arm. She pushed my hand up the arm until I hit a band of metal. An all too familiar band of metal. I moved the hand to my leather encased face and rubbed it against my cheek. The hand pulled away and the hood came off. My senses were flooded by light and sounds. If I had tears left I would have cried when I finally could see Mistress and slut staring at me. I heard men groaning in the background somewhere and knew my Mistress had kicked some ass on her way in. I'd gone with her to several martial arts tournaments and knew she was a former regional champion.

"You okay baby?"

I couldn't answer; I just wrapped my arms around her neck and pulled her into me. She stood up and lifted me to a standing position, my feet off the floor. I got dizzy from the sudden movement but resisted the nausea.

I kissed her and tried saying, "I love you." But all I could muster was a whisper.

She turned her attention behind me. She began lowering me to the floor when I suddenly heard a scream and felt an explosion tear through my lower body. Darkness overtook me.

-----

Richard and Rebecca were trying to figure out the best way to approach the situation we found ourselves in. I was essentially of no help unless they freed me from my outfit, and I didn't want that.

A car flew past us and slammed on the brakes in front of the gate. I caught a glimpse of the vanity license plate: 'TALLADY'. I immediately recognized Mistress's silver Mustang and opened the SUV's door and sprinted for the opening car door.

I caught Mistress unaware as I wrapped my arms around her. "Slut?" I stepped back and began pantomiming the situation. By then Richard and Rebecca joined me. "What is she doing here, what are you doing here?"

"Good to see you too!" Richard quipped.

"Sorry, it's just been a horrible half hour."

"Helena abducted Keith on their way into Knot Time, slut here ran inside for help after trying to chase them down. Why she tried to chase a car is beyond me. She insisted on coming, but refused to let us cut her out of the suit."

"I think I know why she chased them. I'm surprised you're even still standing, you should be getting your pussy fried out or did little boy disobey me."

I held up my leash up, pulling the end from my panties where I had tucked the keys.

"How'd you end up with them? Never mind, not important!" She pressed a code into the intercom box and the gate slid open.

We were met at the door by a butler. "Thank God you got here so fast; one of the bodyguards just took the branding kit from the horse stable into Madame's playroom."

Mistress pushed past him with renewed urgency, the rest of us couldn't keep up. 

We came into the room just in time to see the red-hot branding iron stop its bounce across the stone floor and Mistress deliver a right hook to Helena. Richard had pulled a gun from somewhere and trained it on the two musclemen that were on the floor. The one's left leg looked like it had been broken near the knee, and the other had been holding his nose and was kneeling over a small puddle of blood.

I saw little boy was laid lengthwise over a bench on his stomach, strapped down and hooded.
Rebecca and I went to him. I struggled with his hand restraints; I managed to get enough of a finger under the belt to pull it back through and off the buckle's stay bar.

I had lost my balance and tipped back onto my ass, saving me from being hit by little boy's wild swings. That was enough for Rebecca to stop and move away from the strap she was working on.

Mistress came over and grabbed his wrists from above and behind him. He continued to struggle against her. He had no idea what was happening, or who was here with him. He needed a calm familiar hand.

I approached him and Mistress snapped at me. "Don't! He's crazed! I don't know how much longer I can hold him."

I ignored her and placed a hand on each side of his right fist. I felt him hesitate. I forced my fingers in, opening his fist as I patted the back of his hand. Mistress let go. "Keep control of that hand slut" I could tell the fight had left him when he recognized my mittened hands. I moved his hand on top of Mistress's left hand which was still controlling his left wrist, moving it up until he felt her bracelet, he quickly nuzzled the hand. 

Mistress took her hand away and unbuckled the collar of the hood and removed it. He squinted as the light, as dim as it was it still blinded him. Rebecca began undoing the other straps. "You okay baby?" Little boy wrapped his arms around Mistress's neck in response to her question.

After a few moments Mistress stood, keeping Master in an embrace. Mistress looked at Helena with evil intentions. When she lowered little boy to his feet, he let out an agonized howling sound and went limp in her arms.

"Chris lift him up!" Rebecca went to her knees and she gasped. "The bottoms of his feet are beat to a bloody pulp!"

Mistress cradled him like a sleeping child. I followed her gaze. Helena had been silent all that time, and had not moved from the spot that she fell to after Mistress's punch. I saw true genuine fear in her eyes. Mistress moved toward her. I moved in front of her and waved both arms in front of me to say stop.

"Move slut or you're next."

I stamped my foot and pointed to the limp man in her arms and then to the room's door. She stared at me and I stood my ground.

"Helena you ever come near me or either of my slaves again you will wish the slut didn't manage to convince me to leave." Mistress nodded to me and indicated I lead the way.

Rebecca and Richard pulled up the rear. The butler opened the door for us as we crossed the foyer.

"Thank you Gerald, if I were you I'd become scarce for a few hours. I didn't mention your name at all, but she may put things together."

"Miss Christine, I'm so sorry I couldn't get you on the phone sooner!"

"Not your fault, it was off. Now disappear for a while."

We cleared the gate and Mistress looked at little boy hanging limp in her arms. "Richard take my Stang and the slut, I'm taking your truck. Rebecca stay with him in the back."

"Where are you taking him?"

"Home for now, once we check him over in a safe environment we can determine if hospitalization is required."



Richard and I got to the house first; I went straight to the basement's medical cabinet and got the antibacterial ointment, gauze, and surgical tape. Even though she no longer worked professionally, Mistress still kept the dungeon's medical cabinet fully stocked, with emergency and aftercare supplies.

By the time I got back upstairs Mistress had little boy on their bed. I gave her the supplies I had brought up.

"Good girl slut, thank you for anticipating my needs."

I looked at little boy's feet and had to fight off the urge to vomit. Mistress looked at me; she must have heard my retching and made a sympathetic look. "Red topped key on the proximity device's ring. Go to the kitchen powder room and get yourself some air. If you can, get out of the suit, or get Becks to help you if you want."

I motioned I wanted to stay.

"Becks!" She had obviously been crying before she and Richard came in. Mistress took my leash and handed it to her. "Take slut down to her cell and help her out of her suit using the red key, fetch her a mask that will allow her to see and talk. Give her the privacy to change masks then both of you get back up here, we may need to hold him down to bandage his feet. Richard get some towels and a wet rag.

Once in my cell she popped the lock on my neck and removed the collar. "Let me get these cuffs off you." As she worked on the ankle cuffs she looked at my shoes. "Oh these are our locking shoes! Let me see those keys again."

I handed them over and she separated the smaller ring from the car keys. Once the shoes were off she stripped the suit off of me. I waved her out and pulled the door closed. After undoing the laces I pulled the mask off and took as deep a breath as the corset allowed.

I had started getting light headed pretty quickly with all the activity and limited air supply.

I heard the door open a crack. "From what I remember of your measurements this should fit."

I took the spandex mask from the offered hand and pulled it on. "Thank you Rebecca, this should be fine."

"Slut what is your real name? I can't stand Christine's habit of nicknaming her slaves."

"Rebecca, it is best you do not know my real name. It is nothing but trouble."

"Ok Brandy, no problem I won't ask."

"Thank you Rebec... Hey!"

The door flew open. "Yes! I knew it as soon as Keith gave me your measurement sheet, I wasn't absolutely sure since the waist dimensions were a bit different but the rest were dead on. Your secret is safe; I don't believe the allegations against you."

"Well you should, it's all true. This slut is here because she tried to kidnap little boy from Mistress, and got caught. Mistress provided the police with the information to free this slave's other victims"

"What? Why?"

"Greed, stupidity, hubris, or all the above. Spending a year and a half as an unwilling prisoner myself, the slut still cannot begin to compare what she has experienced to the horrors she knows were inflicted on those people because of what she did as Brandy Stallton. But sadly little boy can now."

"I... I don't know what to say."

"Please no one can know. It would be a death sentence for me if the hit-men find me, or worse; Mistress and little boy could be killed also or go to jail themselves!"

"I... well... uhh..."

"Just forget what you know for now, my Master needs me."

"Forget what slut?" With a wink she turned to leave.

"Thank you." I scooped up the proximity device from the floor. Better to not get too far from it right now. "Let's go."

-----

I cast the slut and Rebecca a nasty glance as they came in. "Took you two long enough!"

The slut hung her head. "Sorry Mistress."

"Each of you take an arm, Richard's going to hold his..." The doorbell rang. "Who the fuck could that be. Becks get rid of them, whoever it is."

A few moments later she returned. "Uhh Christine, I thought maybe it was best not to send this guy away."

I turned to the door to see a man standing with Rebecca. "Who the fuck are you? I'm a bit busy!"

"Gerald sent me, I am Helena Devereaux's staff doctor; Doctor Reed Miller. I'm sorry for what she did; I am here to offer my services. I'm familiar with your lifestyle," he made a sweeping hand motion, "no questions, no judgments, just healing. Please let me help."

Could I trust him? Was I willing to trust him? Could I afford not to? "I'm watching you like a hawk!"

"Understood, with this betrayal I would expect no less."

He immediately started with vitals. He shined a flashlight in his eyes. He turned to me. "Has he said anything at all?"

"Not since he passed out."

"When was that?"

"When I stood him up on his feet back at the mansion. He screamed and blacked out."

"Yes his feet are very bad; the overwhelming pain probably shocked his nervous system. Didn't you think it may hurt?"

Richard jumped in before I could snap at the man. "We didn't know! He was laid out face first with his feet just above the floor."

"Oh sorry. Didn't know that. What's his name?"

"His name is little boy." I replied. He looked at me in a way that made me want to slap him.

"Trust me it's the name he prefers." Rebecca told him.

"Alright, sorry. Just I'm used to real names. Can I have everyone else but you leave Ma'am." I nodded to Richard and he led Rebecca and the slut out. "I'm going to use some smelling salts on him to try to wake him up."

The doctor cracked a vial open under little boy's nose. He soon started moving. "Little boy, can you hear me?"

His eyes opened, and he immediately started squinting and rubbing his forehead and groaned.

"You have a headache?"

"Mm-hmm, and back, and feet feel on fire. Who are you?"

"I'm a doctor. Take this flashlight from my hand." The doctor held out the flashlight and little boy reached for it and came up a few inches short. 

He tried again and again a third time. "Play fair, quit moving it."

"I haven't moved it son, your eyes are not focusing well, because you took several strong hits to the back of the head."

I looked at the doctor. "When did that happen?"

"From what I'm told; it happened in the limo, after he pulled something the bodyguards called a 'slingshot' kick to hit Madame Devereaux in the stomach. He used the chain that was attaching him tothe limo's floor to propel him into her or something."

"Suddenly I don't feel so guilty for what I did to them."

"Wait you did that, they said it was like a half dozen men."

"Mistress is a very good figh..." Little boy turned slowly to face me, his eyes got huge. "Mistress you're home! Oh my God, forgive little boy for not picking you up at the airport!"

"Not your fault sweetie, what do you remember of today?"

"Nothing, I remember driving slut out to Knot Time last night; at least I hope it was just last night."

"It was tonight baby, I came home early intending to join you two at the club."

"I remember Mistress Helena pulled up and..."

"Don't ever call her Mistress again; she no longer deserves your respect!"

He looked at me scared and confused. "Mistress why are you so angry with her?"

"He has a concussion from the blows to the head; he might not remember the events of tonight right away, if at all. Some parts may come to him in flashes."

"Mistress was I in a fight at the club? Is slut okay? Please tell me she is here, I had the wedlock dildoes in her!" He became a bit frantic at the thought of her suffering.

"Easy son!"

"She's here, safe and sound. Nobody laid a hand on her. When everything started she evidently came into possession of your keychain, and she ran inside for help. We'll find out the whole story of how later."

"Little boy told you Mistress." Little boy was convinced she has fully accepted her servitude, and could be trusted a little more.

I sat next to him and hugged him. "I've never been happier that I was wrong."

While all this was being discussed the doctor was looking at little boy's feet.

"The damage to his feet is severe. So much so I won't try to numb it from below. I'll like to give him some oral pain killers before I dress them.&nbsp; If the pills are not sufficient I would rather use anesthesia than trying to inject Novocain from above and passing through the thickness of his foot."

"If that is what you think is best."

"What's wrong with little boy's feet?"

"The fire you feel is because the soles of your feet are, for lack of a better term, shredded. The sensitive tissues are exposed. You will need to stay off your feet for a few weeks at least."

"Little boy can't do that, he has responsibilities."

"Why do you talk that way? It's a bit... disconcerting."

"That's the way I instruct my slave's to talk. Honey just talk like we were in public for now. I'm more concerned about you than perfect behavior."

"But... but..."

"He really loves being that way doesn't he? I've seen many of servant and slave working on the estate. But I've never seen one upset by being told to act like a normal person."

"He's a born submissive, my perfect compliment." 

Little boy blushed and leaned into me. "Little boy feels complete with his Mistress. He was destined to be hers."

The doctor smiled. "If we can get some water for him to take these pills with. And then we'll just need to wait about half an hour to start."

"Slut! A glass of water for your Master!"

I heard a faint "Yes Mistress" from down the hall. A few minutes later she entered glass in hand.

"Doctor is it alright if we get everyone in here and talk about how things happened tonight, help jog his memory and give me a whole picture."

"As long as he doesn't get too upset I don't see a problem. It may also help distract him while I'm cleaning and dressing his feet."

-----

Mistress had the slut share her side of the story ending with her chasing the limo down the street. It did give me some flashes of the events in the parking lot. 

Richard interrupted her "Why DID you chase them?"

"If slut got too far from Master little boy she was going to be severely shocked automatically." She answered matter-of-factly.

"You sneak! Making her think that." He pointed at Mistress in a playfully accusatory way. "I wish I had thought of that."

"Nothing sneaky Master Richard, it was true. When I found myself with an arm chained to the limo I hooked my keychain with the other half of the wedlock device to her leash so she would not be punished for events beyond her control."

"That reminds the slut! Here Master these are yours." She handed me the device. I pulled her down and kissed her on the mask's forehead. I filled in what I could remember of my struggle in the rear of the limo; how I knew I had no way out once the first cuff was attached.

"I can't believe she went through all this trouble to take Keith!" Rebecca shook her head.

I had a nagging memory in my head; I tried to focus on it. "It... was not about me at all." I took Mistress's hand and looked at her. "It was all about you!"

"What?"

"She said she was going to hide me away in a cell and torture me, and scare the slut away to make you believe we ran off together. Something about giving you pills to break your will as she comforted your broken heart and seduced you."

"Oh Christ, this is partly my fault!" We all turned to the doctor who was part way through wrapping my foot in gauze. "She asked me for something like date-rape pills to make some of her slaves more pliable. I gave her sugar pills and told her they would do just what she wanted. I figured with her willing slaves she would never notice."

"When she told me her plan I got so mad I attacked her. I knew the chain attached to the handcuffs was too short to make it to the other side of the limo. The best I could have hoped for was to back up to her to maybe touch her. I remembered in action movies where the star uses a column to swing around and kick the goons, so I tried that, except I used the chain as my rotation point." I rubbed the back of my head. "I was so proud I had managed to score a direct hit and caught her and the muscle off guard! Of course I was still otherwise helpless; they tried re-gagging me when I taunted Helena. I think that's where I took the clobbering to the head. I don't remember much more right now except overwhelming pain in my feet."

"There all wrapped up. If I could interrupt the retrospection for a minute." Mistress nodded for him to continue. "Obviously he is going to need to stay off his feet for a while. Dressing will need to be changed at least daily, more if they get a little too bloody. I want you to call me if the bandages start showing signs of puss drainage. Not anything that can be done for the concussion but resting anyway, so not being able to walk helps that also. Here are scripts for antibiotics and for an oral pain-killer; I gave him two before I started so he should be good through tonight. Give him one every 4 to 6 hours as needed and a half hour to an hour before changing his bandages. Any questions?"

Mistress looked at me. "No sounds pretty straight forward. Slut did you get all that?"

She looked confused. "Yes Mistress. Why?"

"Because you will need to care for little boy while I'm at work."

"This slut understands Mistress."

"I'll come back in three or four days to check on him. Now if you'll excuse me I have three other patients I need to go back and check on."

"Thank you Doctor, thank Gerald for me. I'll walk you out."

As they left the slut knelt down on the floor next to the bed. "Master the slut will take good care of you. This slave will also do both of our chores while you are laid up. She knows she will fail to complete the daily routine, but she will do her best to keep Mistress's house suitable."

"I know you will slut, and I will keep Mistress grounded in the reality that you are doing the work of two."

When Mistress returned she had slut scoot aside and sat with me. Rebecca and Richard had been having a private conversation in the corner. When they were done Rebecca came over and knelt next to the slut.

"Mistress Christine, this slave would like to offer her assistance. It is too much to expect for the slut to handle her other duties and pick up the slack from little boy and help with his care. My master has given me permission to help out a few hours a day here, if I work later at the shop to keep up my seamstress duties."

Mistress looked to Richard and he nodded his assent. "Thank you Rebecca, that is very generous of you, but not necessary. You have your own responsibilities."

"She's going to come anyway Chris. She'll be here Monday by mid-morning."

"Rich! I do not...

"Mistress can this be discussed later, or in another room. Little boy does not mean any disrespect, but my head is still pounding, and you all screaming isn't helping it. He'd get up too leave but..." I motioned to my feet.

Mistress looked at me with a slight smile. "Sorry my love, we will leave you to rest. Everybody out."

-----

While I served them coffee in the living room, Mistress relented to Richard's insistence that Rebecca help out and shortly they left for home.

Mistress called me out of the kitchen when she returned from the seeing them out.

She grabbed me lightly around the throat. "I should string you up and beat the rebellion out of you for your actions tonight."

"Slut is sorry Mistress!" She released her grip.

"Except you were right in all three cases. Thank you for making me focus on little boy more than revenge. Not to mention you arranged a rescue party not knowing I was on my way already, while gagged and hooded."

"Mistress, may this slave say something?"

"What is it slut."

"Thank you for consenting to Rebecca's help. This slut thinks we need someone here that can look normal and freely leave for supplies not to mention answer the door while Master is unable to."

"You understand you will have to stay masked while she's here."

"If that is your wish Mistress, but this slut found out tonight it is not required for Rebecca."

"What? Did she see your face?"

"No Mistress, but she has known for a long time. She tricked this slut into revealing the truth by calling her by her old name after she gave her the mask tonight."

"How did she know?"

"When you had little boy measure this slut, Rebecca somehow recognized her dimensions as Brandy Stallton. Rebecca said our secret is safe with her."

"Even with the crimes you committed?"

"She did not believe this slut did those things as Brandy Mistress. This slut told her the truth that she truly had, and how this slut ended up as your slave."

"I'm not sure the truth was the best thing to say then, but it is done. The mask is at your discretion with her then. Let's get you settled into your cell for the night and get that device out of you."

I knelt down. "Mistress please, this slut knows she does not deserve it, but can she sleep near to you and Master, she does not want to be alone, and wishes to be close if you need her help with Master little boy. As far as Master's wedlock device, she does not mind it being left in; she knows it was not intended to come out until tomorrow at the earliest."

"You want to sleep in my bed with us. Have you developed romantic feeling for my husband by sleeping with him the last several nights?"

"No Mistress, this slut would settle for the floor in any nearby room or the hall. She does not want your husband."

"Fine, fetch a blanket and pillow from one of the guest rooms and sleep at the foot of my bed."

"Yes Mistress. Thank you." I leaned down and kissed her sneakers then headed back the hall.

Little boy was asleep when we entered. 

"So much for not being able to sleep without me!" Mistress said with a smile.

Mistress stripped out of her clothes and showered. It was only the second time I had seen Mistress relatively naked and I was in awe. She was so perfectly proportioned for someone of her excessive height.

"Mistress, since Master is asleep; would you like this slut to eat your pussy to relieve some stress?"

"I'm not in the mood, and if I was I would prefer my husband regardless." She snapped at me in a hushed voice.

I did not let her tone upset me. "Slut understands Mistress; she was just trying to be of service to you."

Despite the anger vanishing from her eyes she kept up the harsh verbal tone. "I better not wake to find you wandering the house, you stay put here, or the hall bathroom only. My bathroom is off limits."

"Yes Mistress. Thank you Mistress, slut will not make you regret this privilege. Good night."

I heard some rustling on the bed and little boy let out a slight content moan.


When little boy woke screaming I was woke from my sleep, as was likely half the neighborhood.

Mistress was already trying to calm him down, she looked at me and then his kicking feet and I got the message. I sat my ass down across his calves so he would stop kicking.

"Easy baby it's okay, what is the matter?"

He stared at her almost looking through her. He held up his hands and stared at them. Finally he mumbled: "Dream, just a bad dream." He looked at Mistress's chest and ran his right hand over her left tit and left out a sigh.

"Keith honey, please tell me about it. Don't hold it in." I got off of him at that point and sat on the bed near his hip. He acknowledged me by patting my thigh.

"It was a horrible nightmare Mistress. It was like one of those 'What If?' comics depicting how things happened if one little factor was changed. In my dream you never rescued me from Helena, and she tortured me for hours then threw me in a small stone alcove barely big enough for me when the door closed.

It repeated for countless days, months even, torture and a dark alcove, until one day I was strapped spread-eagle to a table at my forearms and calves, gagged, and covered by a sheet. When the sheet was pulled away Helena was standing there with you. She bragged to you how she had found me and brought me there so you could properly punish me for leaving you.

She handed you a meat cleaver and she told you of all the things I likely did with the slut when we ran away, instructing you to chop off my fingers as she goes. Finally she tells you to chop off my whole hands and my feet.

As I lay there in agony, she attaches you to an x-frame and strips your clothes off of you. It is then I saw her 'horse and whip' mark tattooed on your left breast. She had enslaved you in the time I was captive. I tried to crawl away now that my stubbed limbs which were unable to be kept in place by the straps. Then you saw the brand on my ass, and questioned Helena on why it looked so old and healed.

She then admitted to you I never ran away, that I had been in that very basement since the day of my disappearance. You were terrified to learn that you just maimed me because of a lie. As you hung there crying and cursing her for what she did, she attached a thick steel neck collar and matching cuffs to your limbs. And that's when I woke up. Mistress, it scared me so much to think you became her slave!"

"All that pain and dismemberment and the thing that scared you the most was Mistress turning submissive." I giggled.

Mistress shot me a glance that told me to watch my mouth. "Little boy, no person on Earth will enslave me more than you already have. I am a slave of my love for you."

"Forgive little boy for waking you Mistress." I rolled my eyes as I went back to the foot of the bed. The mushiness was making me sick to my stomach.

"Forgiven. Now let's get back to sleep, I've missed you next to me so much, and I didn't have a slut to cuddle with like you did."

-----

In the morning I carried little boy to the huge tub, leaving his feet dangling out, and bathed him.

"Mistress this is all wrong, you shouldn't be doing this!"

"Nonsense! A good Master or Mistress takes care of their slaves when they are unable to do it themselves, as does a good spouse. You've taken care of me enough. Now it's my turn, let's get you clean. The slut is making us breakfast, and after that I will run to the pharmacy for your pain meds and to get more bandages."

I began handling his balls and he laid back and enjoyed the experience. Soon his noises of contentment turned a bit pained. I knew his cock was trying to harden and I watched as it swelled to the limits of its prison, the skin swelling through the ventilation slots scattered around the tube. I had originally planned last night that after we would have returned from Knot Time I was going to fuck him senseless. Then when his cock had drained the blood from his brain, let him lick my pussy by pure animal instinct. I sighed at the lost opportunity and went back to washing my man.



When I left I almost went back in to yell at little boy for not setting the Mercedes' seat back. It was unlike him, he is normally so conscientious about that. Then I remembered he originally was going to use it to pick me up today when I was scheduled to return, so there was no need to adjust it until he got to the Airport.

I had a half hour wait for the medicine so I wandered about the store picking up the bandages and other odds and ends when I came across the cellular phones. Among them was a series of 'pay as you go' phones for kids. It didn't have a numeric keypad or touchscreen, just a basic display, a scroll up/down key, dial/answer and hang up/power. I looked at the specs. It could only call numbers that were programmed from a computer using an included data cable and software disk. Further reading of some of the security settings showed that it could also block any calls not coming from a programmed number. I think slut needs a phone in case little boy has a problem so she can at least call me. I threw a super girly one in the cart. Bright pink with purple flowers should be suitably embarrassing. 

I pulled in the garage and made a mental note about making arrangements with Rebecca to get little boy's car today.

I walk in the house and the slut was giving little boy a mug of coffee. He was still on the couch with his feet propped up on the extended footrest. His laptop was on the couch next to him.

"Mistress would you like a cup of coffee?"

"Yes slut." She scurried off and I noticed she had on her daily ballet boots. "You make her put those on? And how did you get your laptop, you crawl into the den?"

"No on both Mistress." He gave me a slightly apologetic look. "Little boy is sorry Mistress, he had left his laptop unattended in the dungeon after our 'chat' session yesterday. He had the slut get it for him while you were out. When she brought it up she also brought her boots up, put them on and gave me the key for their locks."

He dangled the keys in front of me. I was astonished. "Well with everything going yesterday leaving the laptop set up in the basement was understandable. She was not alone with it, and it appears to be a moot point after last night anyway."

"What is with this cut off milk jug on the floor?"

He blushed. "The slut did that, little boy needed to go to the bathroom. She emptied it right away when he was done."

Just then the slut came in. "Sorry Mistress, but there was not a full cup left so this slut made a fresh half pot for you."

"Thank you and I am proud you decided to put your boots on. I was not too worried about that given the situation. I will be in the den for a bit, put these away, and put your Master's pills on the counter." I handed her the bags, except the one with the cell phone.

"Yes Mistress, This slut feared she would be punished if she willfully continued to take advantage of the situation. Is there any other specific tasks you would like done after this, or should this slut putter about."

"Putter about if you choose, or kneel in waiting here in the living room. Either way; be mindful of your Master's needs."

"Yes Ma'am."

"Slut, bring little boy a pill then please, his feet ache something awful."

"Yes Master." She trotted off.

I gave little boy a kiss "I'll be back in a little bit, I bought something for the slut and I need to set it up and make a few calls."

"Little boy loves you Mistress."

I close the door and open the cell phone package. I insert the mini-CD into my desktop computer and begin the installation of the software. 

While that is running I call Richard at the shop.

"Cuff Linx, how may I help you?"

"Hey Rich."

"Chris! How's Keith?"

"In pain, he is trying to cover it but I know his tells. He had an intense nightmare this morning too."

"Not surprising, I'd be terrified of her if I went through what he did. Just so you know, if he hasn't already done so, you will likely get a call from Vic Marcus today. He called me this morning; he is banning Helena from Knot Time and putting out a black-ball notice to all the club owners in the entire Detroit Metro area."

"Okay. I still find it hard to believe she would do this. But anyway, can I borrow Becks for an hour or so to get little boy's car from the club's lot, before Vic has it towed."

"He isn't going to get it towed, he waits a few days first, plus he asked me if it was the kidnapee's car and I said it was and that you would get it as soon as possible. Come and get her anytime today."

"Thanks I'll send her a message when I'm on the way."

"No problem Chris, go take care of the little boy now and tell him we said hi."

"Will do. Talk to you later."

I finished the cell phone's set-up and activated it.

When I came back to the living room slut was watching little boy do a soduko puzzle on his laptop.

"Slut hold out your hand." 

She did so with a little trepidation and I set the cell phone's charger cable in her hand. She looked at it with curiosity but feared to ask me what it was for. "Ummm thank you Mistress."

"You are going to need to be a little bit more responsible, your master sacrificed his chance to escape in order to protect you, you will need to be willing and able to help him, and summon help if it is beyond your ability to handle." I showed her the phone, This can call five numbers, my cell, Rebecca's, Richard's, and also little boy's cell, and last but not least Doctor Miller. If while I'm at work and there is an issue use your judgment as to how serious the need is. Low; call Rebecca or Richard, High; the Doctor, Life or death; me."

"This slut understands Mistress."

"Good go charge it in the kitchen; you will make sure it always has a sufficient charge. Make us all lunch now, soup and grilled cheese sounds good for today."

"Of course Mistress."

I looked back to little boy expecting to see mild amusement, instead he was looking at a map on his laptop with a confused expression.

"Mistress according to iCloud, my iPhone is in the Knot Time parking lot."

"Yeah so?"

"Little boy had it and his wallet in his pants pockets when he was abducted. It should be showing up at Helena's mansion assuming he was stripped there. It does not make sense"

"Well I'll find out after lunch, I'll need your keys so Becks and I can go get it."

He looked over his shoulder. "Slut where are my keys? You had them last!"

She came to the door. "This slut believes she and Rebecca left them sit in the cell downstairs. Shall she fetch them before she starts the sandwiches?"

"No slut I got them. You've handled far too many keys the last 24 hours."

"Yes Mistress."









Another Slaviversary 3 - Shifting Mindsets
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

The Percocet pill the slut gave me really took the edge off my pain. I tried putting up a strong facade because I didn't want Mistress babying me too much but it was becoming too much. I was going to have to live with her carrying me around until my feet were healed enough to at least walk short distances.

Slut served Mistress and I in the living room, Mistress had set up a little TV tray table for herself and sat next to me on the couch. Slut held the serving tray before Mistress and offered the meal to her first. Mistress took two of the soup mugs and set them on the table and proceeded to get the sandwiches, leaving the slut with an empty tray. "None for yourself?"

"This slut's food is in the kitchen Mistress. There was not enough room on the tray for all three servings. Would you like this slut to eat on the kitchen floor or at your feet?"

"Hmm sit on the loveseat to eat."

I was taken by surprise. Slut obviously thought she was hearing things. "Mistress did you say I can sit on the furniture?"

"Yes, I think we are going to TEMPORARILY relax the rules for this weekend a little. So I also won't punish you for questioning me or addressing yourself improperly just now. Now set yourself up a table and get your food. Oh and bring out saltines too."

"Yes Ma'am. I have them out already."



While she was cuddling with me for a bit, Mistress had the slut try her new phone out by calling Mistress. Much to my sadness Mistress left for my car shortly after. 

Slut was cleaning up the lunch dishes and I was alone again in my thoughts.

I hadn't revealed to Mistress my whole nightmare earlier. 

After I was thrown back in my alcove in the dream I woke feeling completely encased, I was gagged and looking through some sort of lenses at a little girl's room, except in large proportions. I tried moving and all my limbs were free. I remembered my extremities being cut off. I managed to try to get my hand in front of my face. What I saw was a furry paw. I looked down as far as I could and saw two wiggling fur covered legs. Suddenly there was movement ahead of me but it was too fast to identify and suddenly I was being lifted up and squeezed.

"Oh little boy you are alright, I feared you had a mental breakdown and was catatonic." The voice was higher than I remembered but it sounded like Mistress! I wiggled and tried to push back.

She leaned me back so I could see her, it was indeed Mistress with the large collar Helena had put on her, but she had ponytails and ribbons in her hair, and her makeup made her look like a little girl.

"I'm sure you have questions my love, and I hate the answers I am going to have to give you."

She turned me around so I faced a mirror. What I saw chilled me to the bone. There was my Mistress dressed as a child in a pink frilly dress, complete with crinolines, holding a big stuffed bear. I moved my arms and the bear did too.

"It was the only way Mistress Helena would let me keep you. I could not bear, no pun intended, to let you be kept in that little cubby-hole any longer, squirming about the dirty floor unable to move and eating like an animal. I've been bottle feeding you through the gag for the last few days."

I wanted to scream, tried to scream but all that came out was a whistle through the gag.

"If I wanted to save you I had to agree to this." She motioned to herself and then the room. "Mistress had my vocal chords modified to make my voice like a little girl, and yours were removed entirely. She had the rest of your limbs cut off above your knees and below your elbows. We can never run because if I take you from the house... well... it will be a painful death for you. I now have an RF transmitter in my neck so even if I left you behind, she would be able to retrieve me."

She set me on the huge pink canopy bed and knelt on the floor. "I hope you can forgive me. You must believe I had no idea; she played me like a fiddle. She had me believing you had run off with the slut and hating you for it, hating myself for having you dominate the slut and have sex with her, and believing that had caused you to fall in love with her. Please give me a sign you still love me and forgive me."

I leaned forward against her and got up on my 'feet' and putting my shortened arms around her neck. She cried and squeezed me.

"What a shame! After all that and you two still have such a strong emotional bond." Helena and two of her brutes were there in the door. "I thought for sure he would reject you after he woke to this. Oh well time to throw out the old toys. Toss the teddy out the door!" One of the brute's made his way across the room.

Mistress screamed and tried to prevent the beast from reaching me but she collapsed in a heap, convulsions racked her body from being shocked by Helena.

I watched helplessly as I was carried away from my equally helpless wife. The brute opened both of the ornate front doors. I felt myself flying in an underhand arch, tumbling through the maw and then... I was being held down by Mistress and slut in our bed.

As I had relived the earlier part of my nightmare to them, I could see the pain in Mistress's face so I cut off this part so she would not have further pity on me for my situation.

I sat there and cried. Mistress would not do much more than she already had. Police involvement would be out of the question because Helena, being a part of the cover-up, knows too much about the slut being here and could easily turn it around on us. A thought that I'm sure Mistress has well considered is a possibility. All I could do was say a silent prayer that one day karma would catch up to her like it did Brandy Stallton. 

"Master! Why are you crying? Are you in pain?" She came rushing over and almost fell, catching herself on the couch.

"I'm okay, just an emotional outburst. Come over here and get those damn boots off, the last thing we need is you busting your skull open. If Mistress says anything I'll take care of it."

She lay on her side and hoisted a foot at me and I undid the lock. She rolled over and we repeated the process.

"I'll keep these here so Mistress can see I removed them from you."

She got on her knees and took my hand. "Little boy, are you sure you're alright."

"I'm fine really, now get a move on or I'll make you get over my knee for a bare handed paddling." 

She gave me a knowing smile that all but said 'Yeah right!' as she stood up. I waited until she was just even with me and backhanded her ass as she passed. She cried out in surprise and laughed all the way into the kitchen.



I had heard the garage doors open and close, then about twenty minutes later I was woke by the slut rushing for the door.

I could hear the slut welcoming Mistress and being dismissed after she gave a status update.

Mistress set a box down next to me, the top flaps interlaced to keep it closed.

I looked at it like it contained a poisonous snake. "Open it, it's safe."

I looked up at her, and then did as instructed. On top was a folded note, under which were my wallet, iPhone, and the boots I wore last night. They in turn appeared to be sitting on the pants and vest I also wore.

I opened the note.

&nbsp; Miss Christine

&nbsp; Mistress's driver brought me these and asked what he should do with them.
&nbsp; I took possession of them and found little boy's spare car keys in the wallet.
&nbsp; I would have called you but Mistress had shut down the house phones and
&nbsp; confiscated all the staff mobiles and this phone is password protected.
&nbsp; I managed to slip away and bring these to the only car left at Knot Time.
&nbsp; Luckily the keys worked in it

&nbsp; I pray for your slave-husband's recovery. Mistress's cruelty has been
&nbsp; escalating so that I feared for his very life while he was in her walls.

&nbsp; G.

I looked at Mistress. "You owe Gerald much. Mostly for him letting me know you were there. This was meaningless. We were lucky the way it sounds."

"Mistress, I fear she might seek retribution."

Mistress came around and slid the box to the side. Sitting down she wrapped a comforting arm around me. "Keith, are you familiar with the concept of 'Mutually assured destruction'?"

"Yes Mistress, I think so. If we or the Soviets fired a nuclear missile, the other would return fire and it would result in both countries blowing each other into the Stone Age."

"Yes, well I know enough about her skeletons, and vice versa. I go missing or say the right word in a phone conversation with certain people; the IRS will have her within days. It was a safeguard I learned from her actually, so I am sure she has similar files on me, although the only illegal activities I have done she is also heavily implicated in."

"Other than my kidnapping?"

"Hmm, yeah that one no, but you will never admit on the stand that you are an unwilling prisoner."

I kissed her neck. "Not even if they were hooking my balls up to a car battery."

"But she is knee deep in creating the red herring from the slut's 'escape' from the law. Her desires on me in the past and comments she's made, I felt safer having a series of dead-man switches in place, just in case she got too big for her britches."

"You are a wise woman my lovely wife."

"And don't you forget it my talented husband. Now what should we do this afternoon?"

"How about we watch some movies Mistress?"

"Sounds like a plan." Mistress raises her voice. "Slut make up three bags of popcorn, and bring a bottle of soda and three glasses out here."

From the door I hear: "Yes Mistress!"

"I know just what movie I'm going to put in too!" She went to the entertainment center and dug through the DVDs, loading one but not letting me see the case. I only knew it was not one of the porn movies since those are all stored in my closet with Mistress's fetish clothes (or should I say in Mistress's fetish closet, with my street clothes).

Mistress had set up the other two TV trays again and poured the soda into the glasses the slut had provided while she had the popcorn in the microwave.

"Mistress where do you want me to put the spare bag of popcorn?"

"It's for you, I told you; relaxed weekend."

"Thank you Mistress."

Mistress started the movie and to my delight it was one of my favorites; 'Avatar'. Mistress has said she thought it was okay but she personally prefers action movies that are less science-fiction.

-----

Throughout the movie the wedlock device seemed to be giving me pleasurable sensations, I figured if they were real they were low level electrical current since I felt no movement within me. I kept looking over to Mistress and little boy. Both seemed engrossed in the movie. Little boy was tucked into the body of our Mistress with his head between her breast and arm. Her visible hand was resting in his crotch. When I see Mistress and little boy being affectionate, I often wonder if little boy sees himself more in a feminine role or as a child with his mother. Perhaps it is a little of both as I get mixed vibes when I see it.

I now regretted not seeing this movie when it was in theaters; the depiction of Pandora was beautiful and vibrant. When it got to the love scene between the 'human' blue man and the blue woman the device seemed to kick up a notch and I knew it was not my imagination. I saw Mistress looking at me out of the corner of her eye. She didn't let me get too excited, this was something little boy never mentioned the double intruder could do.

After the movie, Mistress had me take care of changing of little boy's dressings under her watchful eye. When I attempted to pull the gauze padding away it didn't want to come loose. Mistress saw this and knelt down, wrapping her arm around his calves and looked at him. "Brace yourself this could sting. Pull them as gently as you can slut."

Little boy scrunched his face up and cursed a little, but I managed to get both off with relative ease.

Mistress looked at the pads as I took some anti-bacterial cream to his tortured feet.

"How are they?"

"The good news; no signs of an infection yet." Mistress said a bit dryly. I looked up at her and could tell she was trying her best to control her rage.

"The bad news?"

I couldn't stop myself from responding. "Your feet still look like ground beef on the bottoms."

"Sadly that is pretty accurate. The lacerations are not as deep as I feared they were last night. But it still isn't pretty baby."

"I'll live then?"

"You got no choice; I've not giving you permission to die!"

He laughed "Yes Mistress, as you command!"

It was decided by Mistress that it was too late to make dinner so she had pizza delivered. I nearly ran for the stairwell out of habit when the doorbell rang. Mistress grabbed my shoulder and pointed me at the kitchen.

"No worries get the plates and take your time."

"Yes Ma'am."

Mistress loaded another movie as we ate; it ended up being 'Wedlock' the inspiration for the device in me.

Mistress played with the device throughout the movie, teasing me with the pleasurable tingle.

When the movie was over and the pizza boxes were cleaned up Mistress looked at me. "I want some alone time with my husband, time for you to be put back in your cell and properly attired."

I knew I didn't have a chance of a repeat of my previous night's request. "Yes Mistress, this slut's believes her regular collar is in the bedroom next to yours where little boy chained her up yesterday afternoon."

She smiled at me "Good girl, go wait for me in your cell."

I kissed Master on the forehead as I passed him. "Good night little boy, this slut hopes you sleep better tonight."

"Thank you, sleep well."


Shortly after I got into the cell Mistress showed up and replaced my collar. It felt oddly comforting to have it back on. The collar was then attached to the ever-present chain.

"Ok time to remove that device." She unlocked my chastity belts crotch piece and pulled the double dildoes out of me. "You're freaking dripping down there; I think the first order of business for you tomorrow will need to be steam cleaning the loveseat! I bet the cushion is drenched."

As she reattached the front of the crotch piece I almost felt sad. I had basically had my Master's cock, in one form or another, in my pussy for the last day and a half and now I felt so empty. "They made this slut wet from their constant moving Mistress, and your playing with them while we watched the movies didn't help her condition either."

Mistress looked at me confused from where she was stooped in front of me. "What are you talking about?"

"The electric tingling that was coursing through this slut as we watched both movies."

She began laughing as she pulled herself to a standing position. "That little sneak! That's why you kept looking at us during the romantic scenes!"

"It was little boy?"

She cocked her head and gave me a smile. "He was the only one with a remote for it. Good night slut. Other than some odds and ends, and the steam cleaning we'll have another light day tomorrow. I'll set the lights to go off by ten."

The door closed and I rubbed my bare breasts for a few minutes thinking how little boy was secretly teasing me right under Mistress's nose.

-----

I laughed to myself as I returned to the upstairs. I have the slut so thoroughly confused that she believes little boy was teasing her. But I didn't want to admit to her it was me and have her think I was getting soft on her.

In truth her actions the last two days have seriously impressed me. She has developed a protective attitude toward little boy, so much so she risked punishment to stand up to me when I wanted to make Helena's face look like my husband's feet. When I looked through those goggles I saw not the determination in her eyes but the mindless rage in my own eyes reflecting from the surface of the dark plastic. I had even forgotten little boy was in my arms until she motioned to him.

She rushed to his aid as soon as we got into Helena's playroom, and deduced the best way to calm his frantic blind and deaf resistance. When I got home with him, she was already gathering the medical supplies to treat him.

She had come a long way from the 'looking out for number one' attitude she had when she broke into my basement.

"Penny for your thoughts?"

I hadn't even noticed I was back in the living room. "If you want to know my thoughts, it will cost you more than a penny, more like your soul."

"You already have that, and my body and love."

"Well in that case you can't afford my thoughts. I was just thinking about the slut's behavior the last few days."

"She was a perfect slave in your absence. Never once talked back or disobeyed. And she defended your honor against that gossip monger Alice. She has been attentive to my needs today."

"And she went behind your back to tell me you were having problems sleeping."

"That's how you found out? How'd she manage that, steal my cell phone as I slept?"

I gave him a smug look. "I'm not telling, we women need our secrets."

"Like why you're carrying the wedlock?"

I looked at the double dildoes in my hand. I had forgotten to put them down while in the dungeon! "Umm... Maybe." Little boy started laughing at me as I set them down on the loveseat. "That's going back down in the morning."

I made to scoop him up. "Time for some cuddling in bed with my husband."

"Little boy is not too proud to crawl behind you Mistress, you do not need to carry him."

"To crawl behind me of my choice or to show your submission is one thing, but I will not have you crawl because someone else took the ability to walk away from you." I lifted him and on reflex he put his arms around my neck.

"But Mistress..." I kissed him in mid-protest.

"I'll hear no argument from you. You are my slave and I love you enough to care. Be proud of that."

"This slave doesn't deserve such a kind Mistress."

"I beg to differ my love."

-----

I woke with a jolt, but could not move very much as I was held down by my Mistress's arm wrapped around me. The memory of the bad dream already faded away enough that I could not recall it all.

I turned my eyes on Mistress and could barely make out her face in the dark, she was still sleeping contently. I wrapped my arm over her torso, just under her breasts, and pulled myself as close as I physically could. She reacted by pulling her arm tighter around me and mumbling something I did not understand.

I felt the steady rhythm of her heart beating under my cheek. I let her heart lead me back to the land of sleep.


The next time I woke again it was to daylight streaming in the windows. "Mistress?"

No response. I sat up and dangled my legs over the side of the bed.

I reached for the TV remote and flipped through the channels. Nothing on but evangelist shows, news, or infomercials so I turned it off in disgust.

I heard the basement door open. "Now get that steam cleaning done before little boy wakes up, or I'll whip your ass!"

"Yes Mistress."

I quickly lay back down and covered myself up and pretended to still be asleep. Through barely open eyes I watched as Mistress walked past the foot of the bed dressed in one of her neck to toes rubber catsuit. She stood there and looked at me. She pulled the zipper down and shimmied out of the garment until she was standing there in just her plain panties. I slowly closed my eyes the rest of the way. I heard her hanging up the catsuit.

The next thing I knew I felt her weight on the bed next to me. "You can stop pretending, I know you're awake."

I tried to sound as groggy as possible. "Need kiss from beautiful goddess to wake sleeping slave."

Suddenly she straddled me, in one quick motion she had managed to pin both my hands above my head. Her hair fell around my head as she leaned over me. "Hmm? I bet a riding crop will work as good as a kiss."

I opened one eye. "Maybe, but would you enjoy that as much? Never mind, you might just enjoy that more than a kiss."

She kissed me deeply. "Only when I'm in that kind of mood and today is not one of those days." 

She released my wrists and I wrapped my arms around my Mistress's waist. "How'd you know I was awake?"

"You have the cutest little snore that I love hearing, you almost sound like a purring cat."

"Really? I stayed up one night and listened, I didn't hear anything!"

"That's bad."

"You laughed."

"Pity laugh. Now do I just keep hanging my tits in front of your face or are you going to start doing something to entertain them?"

I didn't need any more invitation than that. My hands found their way to her chest and began gently massaging her glorious (in my prejudiced opinion) globes. I brought one then the other to my mouth to suck her nipples.

After a few minutes she sat up and rested her ass against my pelvis, I pulled myself up burying my face between her breasts and began kissing up and down her sternum.

She pulled my head away. "We will finish this later. What would you like for breakfast?"

"Milk."

"Just milk?"

"Straight from the source." I sucked her nipple into my mouth once again.

"Little boy!" She laughed as she pushed me down. "You'd starve trying to get milk from me!"

"But I would die a happy slave." I replied with a huge grin.


Mistress didn't want to sit around watching movies all day again so the three of us played a few card games and Mistress went to the gym mid-afternoon leaving slut and me alone. The slut did some cleaning in that time and planned dinner, giving me a list of a few things we needed from the store to text to Mistress. I felt so useless. Normally weekends were spent resting and serving Mistress's desires while doing minimal work, but all this sitting around doing nothing productive at all was wearing thin.

Mistress took the slut down to the cell shortly after dinner and gave her a few magazines to read to kill the evening. When she returned to me we settled into one another on the couch, Mistress with her head in my lap, dangling her feet off the end of the couch. I could tell she wanted a little time as the fairer persuasion and so I gently stroked her body and hair as we watched TV.

Mistress called an early night for us and we shared a long bath. After a change to my dressings we went to bed and she fell asleep with her head on my chest.

Monday morning started a little earlier than normal for Mistress as she had to do my normal chore of preparing the slut for the day, she then got me clothes so I could dress myself ('since I was having a guest most of the day being nude was not an option'), and finally got herself ready for work. She carried me to the living room and set me on the couch.

"Slut you mind your Master and Rebecca both while she is here. Feel free to respectfully inform her if she gives you instructions you cannot follow."

She turned to me. "I expect you to do nothing except relax and give directions to the girls consider yourself the foreman. Now I need to leave."

She leaned over me and we kissed. "Little boy loves you Mistress. He waits for your return."

"I love you too. I'll be home around normal time I think. Slut, you be good."

"Yes Mistress."

Slut brought me breakfast soon after Mistress left. She was eating while kneeling next to me when we heard the garage door open. We both had an initial Pavlovian reaction, except mine resulted in a curse when my feet hit the floor.

Fortunately the layers of gauze provided enough cushioning that I only felt a stab of pain and fell back.

"Hey guys! How's our patient?"

"In pain thanks to you! We both went to rush to meet Mistress when the garage door started rolling up. My fault really but..."

I had finally looked up at Rebecca and lost my whole train of thought. She was standing there in a white latex nurse's dress, red high heels over white latex stockings that ended just below the hem of her dress, which was considerably shorter than the traditional garment, barely below her crotch.

She gave me a twirl. "You like?"

"Ummm..."

"This slut thinks her Master is dumbfounded."

"I have a matching outfit for you Brandy, it is in a bag in the hall, and your Mistress said you should but it on."

My brain caught up to reality and I turned to the slut. "Shit! I should have had you put on a mask!"

"Please, this slut told you not to call her by that name Rebecca." Slut turned to me. "She knows Master, she has known since before your collaring ceremony."

"What? How?"

"You told me, or should I say you wrote it out for me."

"No! No way."

"Every number you wrote down on that measurement chart told me who she was."

"Mistress is going to kill me."

"This slut told Mistress that Rebecca knows on Friday night when slut found out."

"Alright finish your breakfast, and then go put on the outfit that Becks brought you."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Why don't you gather the laundry from Mistress's bedroom and start it."

"Consider it done!" She bolted from the room.

I never saw anyone so happy to do laundry!


The girls worked almost as smoothly as the slut and I have after a year of cooperation.

I had Becks fetch my small easel that I use when sitting and colored pencils and did some random sketches of ideas for future fleshing when I heard the dryer ding.

"Someone fetch the dry laundry and I'll fold it"

Slut came out the hall. "Mistress said you are just a foreman, no working."

"And this foreman said fetch him the dry clothes. I can sit here and fold laundry. If Mistress doesn't like it you can tell her I threatened to punish you if you didn't obey me."

"But you didn't."

I pressed the button on the bracelet for the briefest of seconds. She let out a yelp. "Now I have. Move it!"

She disappeared through the kitchen door. 

"Was that really necessary?" Rebecca was standing near the living room window that looks out over the back yard where she had been dusting.

I smiled "A slight reminder seemed necessary. Mistress would have held it longer."

When my phone started playing 'The Bitch is Back' I snapped up the phone. "Yes dear, how was your morning?"

"Shitty, any problems at home?" I knew she was in private at that point.

"Everything is fine Mistress. Little boy is glad you have your penis locked up with his nurses here."

"What?"

I quickly took a shot of Becks stretching on the step-ladder stretching for the curtain rod with the feather duster and texted it to Mistress.

"Check your text messages."

I heard her laugh. "Tell her she is a little trollop."

"Hey Becks, Mistress says you're a little trollop."

"Thank you Chris!" She yelled.

"You said nurses, as in plural?"

"She told the slut that she was to wear a matching outfit per your instruction."

"I did no such thing!" There was a pregnant pause. "But I bet she looks cute in it, tell slut to leave it on until I see it. I really just wanted to hear your voice baby. I swear Alice seems to have sabotaged every one of our accounts while I was gone and I'm doing nothing but damage control. To top it off she called in sick today. Sick my ass! Avoiding the fallout is more like it. All this after Friday, I'm just a bit overwhelmed."

"Maybe when you get home little boy can help you relax with a massage."

"Or maybe I'll just take my frustration out on the slut. Wish I could get that bitch Alice into my dungeon instead."

"Relax my love. It will not help to go back stressed out. Karma will get her. Deep breaths, Imagine little boy between your legs, his mouth pressed deep into your pussy."

"Hmmm that does sound good. Maybe we will close the day making that image real. I'll see you when I get home. I love you Keith."

"I love you too my dear Christine. I wait for your return."

The slut had been standing there with the laundry basket for several moments already and I signaled her to set it next to me.

"Word of warning: Mistress is having a bad day at work. Do not be surprised if we end up taking a cropping in the dungeon."

-----

Rebecca had left a few hours ago when little boy said that it was enough for today and the house was sufficiently clean.

I was waiting on my knees for Mistress to come in after little boy informed me the garage door was opening.

"Good evening Mistress, dinner will be ready in twenty minutes."

"Why so long? I should beat you for the next twenty minutes for not having it ready!"

"That's little boys fault Mistress." He yelled back the hall. "He felt you need time to unwind before eating. If you come and sit with him, he will massage your neck."

"You're lucky. Stand and let me look at you." I comply and Mistress takes my hand and makes me turn around. "Looks good on you, I have a bone to pick with Becks for lying to you about the permission for you to wear clothes. But for now you may wear anything she brings you as long as your Master approves."

"Yes Mistress, this slut apologizes for being deceived."

"Go finish dinner we are going to have a busy night."

I didn't disturb them until dinner was ready to serve and asked where Mistress would like it served. She decided the Dining Room, so I quickly set the table while she carried little boy in.


I watched from my place on the floor between them as little boy trying to find a comfortable way to sit in the dining room chair. It broke my heart to see my Master struggling with something as simple as sitting properly in a chair. He tried to keep his feet in the air, or to rest them on the edges of his soles, but it was just too much to hold those positions.

"Honey, when was the last time you had a pill?"

"Shortly before you came home Mistress."

Little boy had only taken one of his pain pills all day and refused additional when Rebecca or I offered. Why was he lying?

"I'd say by the look on slut's face that's a fib, isn't it slut?" I looked up at her. I felt like a deer in the headlights. I dare not lie to Mistress, but if I didn't I would expose Master as a liar. "Normally I would be upset by your failure to answer, but you find yourself in a no-win situation. Now little boy, care to save your slave from her predicament."

He hung his head. "This morning with breakfast Mistress. Little boy is afraid he will get hooked on them if he take them too often, he is too weak willed. The slut and Rebecca both tried to get him to take some a few times."

"Slut, find something to support your Master's ankles so he can keep his feet raised."

"Yes Mistress." I went to the kitchen, already with a plan in mind.

I grabbed a 13x9 glass casserole dish and then went off to the living room where I borrowed a throw pillow.

When I reentered the dining room from the living room side little boy's body language reminded me of a scolded child. I guessed that may have not been far from the truth. I slid the dish in upside down behind his legs and lifted them to slip in the pillow over it

"How is that Master?"

"It is fine slut thank you." I looked up at him and saw the faint red handprint on the side of his face. Evidently Mistress deemed his lie deserved punishment but did not want me present for it.

Dinner was completed in relative silence. Mistress retired with little boy to the living room while I cleaned up from dinner.

When I emerged from the kitchen Mistress was sitting on the floor between little boy's legs, his ankles resting on her thighs. Little boy was smiling as he rubbed her temples; evidently all was forgiven between them.

I knelt to their side and waited. Mistress had her eyes closed and as far as I could tell oblivious to my presence.

"That is so good baby, but it is time to stop." She said softly and little boy slid his hands down her neck and finally left them rest on her shoulders. "Slut what's taking you so long?" She yelled.

"Mistress, this slut is right here."

Her eyes opened and she turned to me "Oh! I didn't hear you come in. Follow me, I am still stressed."

After a quick stop in her study (where I could not follow), Mistress took me into the spare bedroom next to hers and unlocked the closet. She gave me one of my old skirt suits, a blouse, and a matching bra and panty set. "Put those on."

I felt a little silly stretching a pair of sexy panties over my steel and rubber chastity belt, but I knew Mistress was in a bad mood to start with so I did not even dare comment. Mistress strapped a pair of high heels on my feet; she seemed to be going for the business girl look for me.

Once in the dungeon she slid a hood on me that had press studs for a gag and blindfold and she strapped suspension cuff to my wrists. Leading me to an overhead bar, she clipped me into the snap hooks. She disappeared behind me and I felt my wrists pulled upward a few inches, stretching my body so my feet barely touched the floor.

She removed my collar and set it aside. "So slut, tell me did you and Rebecca have any private conversations today?"

"This slut and Rebecca did talk some away from Master."

"About?"

I was guessing Mistress was already fully aware of what was said, so I had no option but tell the truth. "Rebecca asked this slut about how she came to be in her current situation, and specifics about what this slut does on a daily basis. Slut told her the truth as best that she understands it. And this slut told her outright that she accepts this fate now as penance for her crimes."

"I am pleased, what was her reaction?"

"She was surprised that a former Domme would so readily accept submission rather than prison."

"Very well, a few more things yet." She walked away again; when Mistress came back to me she pulled down my panties and unlocked my belt's crotch strap. My nether regions soon felt the intrusion of a pair of inserts, one descent sized dildo in my pussy and the unmistakable tapering of an anal plug. I grunted as the thickest part was forced past and my sphincter clamped down on the thinner stem leading to the base. I then felt Mistress play with my clit a little before taping what felt like a vibrating bullet over it.

With a pull she got the crotch strap relocked, pushing the three invaders deeper into my body. She pulled my underwear up, and straightened my skirt. Then she pushed a penis gag into my mouth and locked the four press studs in the corners of the panel home."

She began talking to me as she buckled a length of belt around my knees and ankles 

"Now slut, you are not being punished, this is fully for my needs. To compensate, you will be given pleasure with your pain, you may cum whenever you wish, as often as you can. Now I need to get myself ready for the scene."

She went behind me again and then she went past me to the stairs, and went up.

-----

Mistress had come out of our bedroom dressed to kill. The black skin tight leather catsuit, tight red corset, and a red leather hood that only shown her makeup darkened eyes and blackened lips. Protruding from the rear of the hood was a faux ponytail of realistic black hair, her natural auburn hair well hidden in the hood. Her eyes appeared to have no iris from eye color altering contacts. On her feet were the red platform boots that made her so much taller.

I gave her a toothy smile. "I'm sorry Miss; my Mistress is not here right now. Would you like me to grovel at your feet until she returns?"

"Very funny. Of course for me to have really fulfilled this self-indulgent fantasy I would truly need to hide my identity."

My confusion must have showed. "You will understand shortly. Let's just say I need to do this to purge the desire from my mind before I go to work tomorrow, and possibly do something I'd regret. Time to get you ready my love. Lay on your stomach it will be easier for us both."

I complied without second thought. I felt the rope cinched over my wrists, followed by the same being done at my elbows, pulling them to the point I could make them touch with little extra effort. This was a new experience for me, Mistress usually used chains and leather for binding me, she had never touched me with a rope, nor had I ever seen her use it. From what I could feel she was a highly skilled rigger (as I have heard rope bondage experts called at the club). She followed that with a tie at my knees and ankles. "I'm going to sit you up on your knees, tell me if it is too uncomfortable for your feet."

I felt a bit of pain from (the remains of) my soles as the skin bunched but decided if it was for Mistress I could deal with it. "Little boy can handle it Mistress."

"Good if it does get too much just roll onto your side. One last thing and you are ready." She slipped a black spandex hood over my head. 

Unlike her hood mine was more like a superhero mask, enclosing my head but leaving the area of my nostrils, mouth, and chin exposed. There were no eye openings and I could barely see through the material.

"If you think I'm losing control lightly bite and hold onto my labia, I don't want to truly hurt the slut, but I need to vent and if I do not act out this fantasy I fear I might decide to do it for real."

"Mistress, what are we doing?"

"Just play along for me."

"Yes Ma'am."

"Good boy." Her smile was genuine, but with a bit of sadness.

-----

"Hello Alice, welcome to my home. I'm sure there are a lot of questions behind that gag wanting to be asked, there always are." 

'Alice' grunted and twisted and made a believable effort to escape.

"How did you get here? I took you from your home, caught you just as you entered. Who am I? Think of me as your new occupational therapist. Why you? Because you pissed off enough of your coworkers that they pooled their resources to pay me to 'treat' you for a week while you take a 'last minute vacation' from work. Why did they do that? Well that one you'll have to answer yourself when you think of it, I don't ask the clients about your crimes against them."

I rip open 'Alice's' jacket and shirt exposing her chest as the buttons fly. "I guarantee my 'treatment' works. If when you are released any of your co-workers call me and say you are up to your old tricks, I will find you and bring you back. I will give you a much longer training and then sell you off to a whorehouse, one where the clientele are rather sadistic, and the workers are less than willing, or maybe to a 'private collector'. Unless you make yourself desirable to me like my worm. Worm where are you?"

"Coming Goddess." Little boy undulated as best he could across the floor from where I left him at the steps. 

"You better be here before I'm ready to deal with this one or you will join her."

I began cutting away the clothing from 'Alice' until she hung there in her underwear. She struggled as best she could, which bought little boy/worm the time to get to us.

She looked down at him as he bumped into me and kissed my leg. "Worm is here to serve its Goddess."

"It's a shame you cannot see my patient worm; she is quite a lovely girl."

"She is a pale child next to you Goddess. Worm knows that without seeing her."

"Maybe if you do a good job on my pussy while I administer her introductory treatment I will give you the honor of seeing my face tonight."

"Worm will do its best to earn that glory! It lives to drink your nectars." Little boy worked his face up my leg to my crotch.

"Now don't get ahead of yourself, I need to ready the treatment tools first."

I walked away to the store room and watched as little boy acted blind and fidgeted about until he hit the slut's feet. "You are Alice?" She grunted in reply. "This one is called worm. Goddess keeps its limbs bound and it is kept blind like a real worm. But worm adores Goddess. She feeds it her urine and pussy juice. She saved it from its destructive live; it broke many women's hearts. She trained it to not do that, but it soon returned to its old ways. Now it has learned to please Goddess's needs always. Alice will be wise to learn her lesson well, it has heard many return to be trained as pain sluts for far off lands"

"WORM! That is enough fraternizing. She is below your place, you have a use."

'Alice' grunted and squirmed more. I set my cart up and positioned myself at arms length from the helpless woman. When she saw the top of the cart her grunts became delicious squeals of true terror, not acting a part.

I leaned down and slipped the vibrator remotes into little boys hands and whispered in his ear; "Be generous, but take it slow."

I stood back up and unzipped my crotch. "Okay worm you may find and begin feasting upon my pussy as soon as you can hear her scream."

When I hit her square on the tit with the riding crop, she howled and little boy/worm launched up from his haunches and scored a direct connection with my pussy, belying the illusion of his blindness.

I went to work on Alice with many of my tools, I could hear occasional grunts of pleasure between the impacts as little boy played with the devices in the slut's belt. All the while he never missed a beat with his tongue, keeping me on the edge as he had been instructed before we came down.

I was brought down by the incessant pull below my crotch. My slave's tongue had stopped its ministrations and he had been pulling on my labia with his teeth. When I shook my head out of the zone I had been in I was startled to find that I had the small cattle prod in my hand. I had only put that out for decoration, (if you pardon the pun) for the shock factor. I looked over the slut and saw several minor bruises on her breasts, arms, and legs. Clover clamps were hanging from her nipples, the chain of which was firmly entwined in the cattle prods electrodes. Her 'uniform' corset likely protected her torso from any bruising and most of the pain from hits directed there.

Little boy sensed the change in me and returned to my pussy. I dropped the cattle prod. "Do you think you understand what you are in for this week Alice?"

The slut lifted her head and looked at me giving a slight nod. I was astounded by the look in her eyes; it was not what I expected after realizing little boy had to drag me back from the edge. She had the far off look of someone who had one of the greatest orgasms of her life. "Enough little boy the scene is over."

I quickly lowered the slut to the floor and little boy wrapped his still-bound body around her as she folded up into a pile with him. I untied his wrists and elbows.

Take care of her restraints, while I get the after-care kit.

Little boy was starting on her legs when I came back from the cabinet.

I removed the gag and gave her a gulp of sports drink before removing the rest of her hood.

"Did this slut please you Mistress? She almost believed in her part for a while, but lost her character when the orgasms started coming."

"You were perfect slut. Maybe too perfect I almost lost myself completely in the fantasy."

"Mistress... I think... slut thinks she slipped into sub-space again. She remembers the vibrators hitting a high point and you had just added the nipple clamps and I just saw explosions in my mind, everything after that just blended together."

I smiled at her "I am happy for that, because my guess is it was shortly after that was when I slipped into my blind rage."

Little boy filled us in on what he could tell happened from his place between my legs, which wasn't much. He knew slut had at least three orgasms and my upper body was in constant motion until he heard the cattle prod trigger pulled. It was then that he looked over his shoulder to see what I was doing. After the third pull he broke off to see my sadistic glare and tried to get my attention, I shocked her two more times until I came out of the haze.

Little boy had managed to be supporting slut as I was working on getting her circulation moving through her limbs.

"Do you feel better Mistress?"

"Yes slut, you made it possible to work out my anger at the real person who upset me. I just got this thought in my head to kidnap and torture her and could not dismiss it."

"She deserves it in this slut's humble opinion, based on what she knows of Alice." I raised an eyebrow at her. "Slut assumes this Alice you wanted to torture was the same one that approached Master and herself on Friday."

I had completely forgotten about that and how she started a gossip chain that my husband was fooling around on me before she even left the restaurant. Another mark in my bad books for Alice! 

Fortunately word got to me fast enough, one of the first people she called was with Laura and I at the conference. I had slut handle that by confronting Alice in the restaurant. 

With that memory fresh in my mind some dots connected for me, slut obviously did a good enough job humiliating Alice in front of the group she was with from the office because all the incorrectly modified files were done using my log-in Friday afternoon.&nbsp; 

I had reported it as a possible outside hack to the electronic security people in IT, but even this morning I was sure that when they check it they will find it originated internally. Now I had no doubts at all.

"Mistress, anything this slut can do to help mess with that woman, she is ready and willing. She grated on slut with her accusatory attitude, not to mention her attempt to use this slut and little boy to cause you embarrassment." She leapt up and hugged me. It was the second time she has shown affection to me since Friday night. Although I immediately chalked up Friday's event to her concern for little boy. "This slut would do anything for you Mistress, she has come to care for you, and she deserves much much much worse than you and Master little boy."

Little boy moved over to us on his knees and put his arms around our waists. "Group hug!" He yelled from beneath our stacked breasts.

What could I do but laugh and return the hugs. 

-----

The rest of the week went by relatively uneventful. Mistress was a bit sour each day when she came home, but would brighten with us. Tuesday evening, Doctor Miller came and checked up on little boy and was pleased with what he saw.

Rebecca and I got along smashingly, quickly having the house in tip-top shape. We got along so well that little boy threatened us that if we kept giggling and carrying on he'd make us work in separate rooms. Wednesday she brought new uniforms for us, maid uniforms like you would see in an expensive hotel, but made of latex and with a significantly higher hemline than the real kind.

I was so sure of our work I requested that Mistress inspect it on Thursday and was pleased when she found only minor non-punishable infractions. In all honesty the infractions were in the things Rebecca did without my guidance, but I was not going to lay blame when I did not ensure that it was done correct myself afterwards.

Friday night, right after dinner Mistress took little boy to the bedroom and I was instructed to clean up. Mistress came and took a few snacks and drinks from the kitchen and disappeared again. I was kneeling near the hall when she emerged from the bedroom in full Domme attire; leather dress under a tight corset, thigh high boots, and leather opera gloves slung over her shoulder for later.

I assumed she was going out to Knot Time for the evening. "Mistress, this slut is done in the kitchen; shall she lock herself in her cell, or stay up to attend to Master until your return?"

"Neither. Come with me." I stood and followed her into the next bedroom, the one where my various clothing was stored. I immediately saw my isolation suit hanging out. "You still have an obligation to fulfill from last week. Little boy assures me he can take care of himself for a few hours, and I already changed his dressings. Get out of that cute little maid uniform and get over here."

I carefully stripped out of the uniform and lovingly laid it over the vanity chair. When I stood before Mistress she unlocked my chastity belt and the wedlock dildoes were pushed into me. Once the belt was fully secured and locked back up I was handed the catsuit of my isolation suit, already powdered inside and waiting for me.

Soon I was dressed just as I was last week, right down to the baseball cap and my 'Sandy' glasses.

Mistress tossed her gloves in the carry-all duffle bag that I was sure already contained my goggles, mask and posture collar.

"Okay you know how this is going to work, just like last week was supposed to; you are going to get beat with a small leather flogger, 90 minutes locked to the short whipping post, ass available to anyone who wants to take a few swings with that flogger only. Unless you give me cause to allow any implement. The rest of the night you will be at my side."

"Yes Mistress."

We said goodbye to little boy and he expressed his disappointment that he could not be there with me and he hoped I enjoyed it. He gave Mistress a conspiratorial smile and we went to leave.

I let out a yelp as we approached the door into the garage and the Wedlock informed me I had got too close to the door.

"Shit! I knew I was forgetting something." She pushed me back a bit. "Sorry slut, I forgot to turn off the fence. Be right back." Her apology seemed sincere; I believed she was being honest.

She disappeared around the corner of the hall; the only thing in that direction was the den and front door. She returned quickly and nudged me toward the open door. "Okay this time there won't be a shock."


In the few times I had been out of the house I learned one thing; Mistress, like most everything in her life, drove aggressively. If I could see my hands, I'm sure my knuckles were white. This was my first time in the front seat of her Mustang while she drove and it scared me (usually I'm laying in the back seat and unable to see much).

When we reached the lot Mistress had parked in the far end. While she dug the rest of my outfit out of the bag, I looked nervously about.

"What's the matter, scared of what is coming?"

"No Mistress, it is just last time SHE was here waiting for us, or well for Master at least. I... this slut just remembers how she was unable to help her Master when he was taken and watched as they drove away leaving her standing there breathless and waiting to be shocked senseless." I looked at my rubber mittened hands as they wrung together. "Now I fear for a repeat performance."

"Trust me slut, if she comes for me she better have an army of thugs. I will not be tricked, or be naive enough to walk into a trap."

"I hope you are right Mistress."

She grabbed my chin and forced me to stare at her. I expected to see the normal condescending gaze in her brown eyes, but instead I saw the look that I had previously only seen her give to little boy; caring reassurance. All my insecurities were gone; I was in the hands of a confident powerful woman, my Mistress. The woman who captured and tamed me, who made me think about other people's feelings and rights by taking away my own rights. She was equal parts my teacher, tormentor, and protector.

She smiled when she saw the change in me and held up my goggles and mask. "Shall we?"

"Yes Mistress."

Soon my outfit was complete and Mistress had smothered on her gloves. When she opened the door she offered me her hand, once I was out she clipped the leash to my posture collar and handed me the flogger and I wrapped my fingers around it. "Hold this for now."

We strutted right past the bouncers; Mistress had preferential treatment here and didn't have to wait to be checked by the staff. I held a proud posture and confident pace as I followed Mistress. The bouncer checking the line was the same one from last week. I saw him give me a lopsided grin before checking out the next person as a suitable patron.

Mistress immediately checked in with the bartender that was also in charge of 'scheduled entertainment'. As usual anyone who wanted to make a display of their sub or self could do so pretty much anytime, but you could also book stage time. If you wanted to drum up business, you would pay a fee for the time, when I was here as a Domme I had seen Richard and other retailers do fetish/bondage fashion shows or equipment demonstrations. If you were offering a sub up as entertainment (like me tonight) you received half-price drinks for the duration of the display.

Mistress went to a reserved table and had me kneel on the slave-pad. "You're going on later than originally planned; they had an early show already scheduled for this week, so they could not fit you in the same time as last week."

Soon the club's tables were filling up. Richard and Rebecca joined us along with two other couples. Rebecca and I were evidently the only slaves as both members of the other couples had seats.

A manufacturer got up and on stage with a few 'volunteers' to display his new remote harness system.

The scene's rumor mills had been busy this week as questions had been asked by our tablemates and passersby about if what happened to little boy were true, and speedy recovery wishes.

I watched the demonstration of how the wrist and ankle cuffs were linked to the rear of the body harness by fray-free steel wire that could be adjusted via self-contained mini-winches connecting the collar to wrists and waist to ankles. One of his display models was on his knees and unable to move his legs while another had her arms in a reverse prayer. On a table a third had both wrists and ankles retracted placing her in a hogtie.

Suddenly I realized I'd seen something similar before. I tapped Mistress's leg to get her attention as she was essentially ignoring the demonstration and focusing on her conversations.

"What is it slut?" I pointed to the display and grunted. She looked for a moment as he demonstrated the length adjustment feature. "Do you want one?"

I shook my head no and tapped her bracelet with one hand and my neck with the other.

"You think little boy would like it?"

I was frustrated and shook my head.

"No he drew it!" Rebecca said. "It looks like one of his drawings that were published in the 'Bound Slave' magazine about six or seven months ago.

I put my hand on her shoulder and gave a whole body nod.

By this point the demonstration was over and the man had welcomed people to ask questions and come and test the devices.

Mistress let a few questions be asked before she addressed her own question.

"This looks like it was based on a LB Cav drawing, is that where you got your idea?"

"Why yes Ma'am, very astute of you! I was inspired by a LB Cav illustration; LB Cav has a great imagination."

I inwardly smiled at the praise for my Master's work. He had on many occasions had me pose for these works to check body positions and limits so his works were accurate.

When the merchant had finally cleared off the stage Mistress led me up by my leash. "Are you ready?" 

In response I bowed to her, turned, and lowered myself so my collar was above the post. With the efficiency of a pro she had me immobilized. My collar linked to a ring on the upper front of the post, wrists to rings halfway down either side, and feet linked to the adjustable spreader bar that had been in her carry-all bag. She came around front and took the flogger from me that I had held since we had arrived.

As typical when an entertainment session starts the Dominant in charge would say a few words of introduction and set the ground rules. 

"Hello everyone, last week was the anniversary of the total submission by my and little boy's slave, or as I like to call it; her Slaviversary. As many of you have heard they were waylaid on their way in and little boy never made it in with her. I assure you all that my slave is at home recovering from the physical traumas and will return with me when he is able, these events have not deterred his desire to serve me and he is here in spirit. So tonight to celebrate the slut's slaviversary she is here and available to receive a beating with this flogger." She held it high for all to see. "Please limit yourself to her back and ass, and three minutes per pass through the line." I looked to my left to see Rebecca in her silver catsuit already forming a line at the edge of the stage with the rest of our table right behind her. "Have fun everyone, I'm sure slut will enjoy your gifts of attention." 

With that Mistress took a few steps back and let loose a shot on my ass that was punctuated by pleasant shocks from my nether regions' occupants.

At first I thought Mistress just used the Wedlock's remote when she hit me, but as she walked to the bar the shocks kept coming in time with Rebecca's blows, a timing Mistress could not achieve with her back to me. I knew it was yet another feature I had not been informed about, a contact trigger or motion sensor. 

When Mistress had almost reached the bar I felt a not so pleasurable burst of electricity, I saw Mistress look at the keys on the carry-all's strap and then to me and smiled, she had reached the 35 foot warning range. I knew then that she would be doing a lot of drinking over the next 90 minutes.

-----


Slut was about 40 minutes into her showing when Vic Marcus had come to me to reassure me in person that Helena was banned from the premises when the manufacturer approached to thank him for allowing his demonstration.

"I am rather impressed that you recognized my designs as a LB Cav drawing, being he is relatively a new artist." He said when he turned to me.

"Well to be honest, I wasn't much paying attention to you; it was my slave that is now on stage and Rebecca here that recognized it."

"You might say I'm a big fan of his, I even have a personalized original he did just for me." Rebecca said with a smile.

"Hey so do I!" Tina piped up from across the table. Tina was the submissive girlfriend of Annabelle (who was currently in line again to give the slut another whipping), Tina was the second girl that little boy ate out to win my bet against Helena, and set the still standing Male Sub Cunnilingus Race record. That event was also the subject of her personalized original artwork she mentioned earlier.

She had actually left Annabelle for a short while because she questioned her sexuality when a man gave her one of the best orgasm of her life.

"You all talk as if you know him. Did you meet him at a convention?" With that we all burst out laughing.

I gave Tina a wink "You might say a few of us know him rather intimately. Actually he designed the base suit that my slave is wearing, and Rebecca here made it for her. "

"Yes and I have a matching suit to slut's." She smiled at Tina from her spot on the floor. A little one-upmanship that she had more than just a custom drawing.

"These two actually first met him right here on the same night."

"Is he a local?"

"Christine just tell the poor man instead of playing cat and mouse with him!" Evidently Richard tired of the banter."

"Spoil-sport." I stuck my tongue out at him.

"You really don't know him do you?"

"Quite the contrary, I own him body and soul." He gave me a surprised look. "I am his wife and mistress."

"Not necessarily in that order." Tina said laughing.

"You're kidding right?"

I offered him my hand "Christine Cavanaugh. If you look at the records board for Male Cunnilingus you'll see my husband's name."

"Little boy? Little boy Cavanaugh... LB Cav!" He stood there in shock.

Becks patted his forearm. "Yeah that was my reaction also when I finally found out my favorite new artist was one of my best friends."

"Well please tell him I am a great admirer and that I hope he is not offended I borrowed from his work."

"He would be delighted really, but in the future you may contact me for permission first," I hand him my card with my e-mail address from my Pro-Domme days, "and next time you're doing the handouts giving LB Cav a credit blurb for the concept would be nice. Perhaps he can do some illustrations for some of your future projects even."

He nodded his head in thought. "Of course! I will change the flyer's template tonight yet. It was nice meeting you all." He put my card in his wallet and shook my hand before wandering to the next set of tables.

When it was close to the end of slut's time on stage I got at the end of the line and turned away the late comers.

When I picked up the flogger I stood in front of her so she could see it was me. "Time for the finale sweetie." I adjusted the settings on the insert to deliver a constant pleasurable feeling and switched the motion sensor to just above the painful range. 

I took a few swings and she jerked with each hit. She was already struggling to stay up by this time as the position had taken its toll on her muscles. The best she could do to relieve the stress was bend her knees a little.

I turned off the motion sensor, leaving the pleasant tingle running. I unclipped her neck from the post and encouraged her to go to her knees before releasing her feet and hands.

I helped her up to her feet and she was a bit wobbly and leaned into me. She locked eyes with me, and then pulled me down by wrapping an arm behind my neck, followed by going through the motion of kissing my cheek, even though she was physically unable to do such.&nbsp; Richard had started clapping which spread throughout the room.

Back at the table she rested her head on my lap and had her arms entwined around my left leg. "Do you need me to take you to the restroom so you can get some air?"

She squeezed my leg a little and shook her head. She seemed content so I did not pursue it further.

When we got home I led slut right into the bedroom intending on allowing her to say goodnight to little boy, but he was out cold. I turned off the TV and lights and closed the door.

I had hopes to quell my desires on my husband's cock tonight but I did not want to wake him.

"Damn!"

Thoughts ran through my head of Annabelle asking me earlier in the night how slut was between the sheets, and slut's poorly timed offer to 'relieve my stress' the week before. I know I had too much to drink that night (so much that I shouldn't have driven home), which led to my next decision. 

Wordlessly I led the slut to the next room and removed her collar and hood. I hiked up my skirt and dropped my panties. She watched me not sure what to do. When I sat down and spread my legs she dropped to her knees and kissed me just above my clit, her nose pushing on my pubic hair as her tongue brushed my labia. She kept eye contact with me to make sure she was doing what I wanted. When I rolled my head back she began in full force, holding nothing back. She was obviously no stranger to delivering Sapphic pleasures. I grabbed her shaved head, holding her there through my first orgasm, and I didn't let go. When she slowed I moved her head to keep it going and she picked up her pace. After orgasm number three, I pushed her back enough to break contact. 

I woke about an hour later with slut snuggled up to me, asleep in her rubber suit and heels. I slid a pillow under her head as I pulled out my arm and left her covered in a light blanket.

Back in my bedroom I stripped down and tossed my clothes aside. My sweet little boy was still sleeping soundly in our bed when I crawled in smelling of sex. By instinct or chance when I pulled him into me his hand ended up cupping my pubic mound. The wife in me felt a little guilty for what I had just done, but the Mistress felt satisfied that what she wants is the way it will be. I now had a better appreciation of the conundrum little boy felt last Friday morning.










Another Slaviversary 4 - Recovery and Loss
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

Over the next couple of weeks I slowly got back on my feet, figuratively and literally. I was not able to stand for too long yet but I could walk a fair distance and even drive. Some changes had happened around the house since the night Mistress and slut went to Knot Time without me. The biggest surprise I had was when Mistress moved the slut from the cell to the bedroom beside our own.

Mistress had seemed a bit softer in regards to the slut. Whatever happened that night had caused Mistress's attitude to turn a corner. Slut really hadn't worn her wrist shackles, ballet wedge boots or anti-sitting device since the day before my ordeal, and Mistress made it official just the other day that slut was no longer required to wear them unless she or I decided slut needed to be put in her place.

I had once again taken a more active part in the day-to-day operations in the house and phased out Rebecca's help. She would stop in every couple of days just to see how we were doing. 

The doctor was pleased with my healing and was rather shocked I had managed to push myself to walk that quickly without pain management therapy.

Then one snowy Tuesday after Thanksgiving the garage door opened just after noon. Slut and I raced to the door, she made it to her spot but I hadn't. When I saw the look on Mistress's face I knew something was seriously wrong. Her make-up had run like she had been crying.

She grabbed my arm and dragged me toward her office. "Slut, get back to work."

She left me standing to the side of the desk as she sat. I knelt before her. "Mistress has little boy done something wrong?"

She pulled me up and onto her lap. A few tears were sliding down her face. "No sweetie, not at all.&nbsp; I got a call from Doctor Miller today... about Helena."

"Umm... okay?"

"Keith, she has had brain tumors for almost a year, after what happened with you she found out they are inoperable. He doesn't think she will make it but a few more weeks."

"Karma's a bitch."

"I don't blame you for feeling that way. He tells me they are in the areas of the brain that deals with impulse control and morality."

"So what does that mean?"

"Simply it means her sense of right and wrong were seriously hampered for the last four months or more. She was not in her right mind when she kidnapped and tortured you."

"Pardon him Mistress, but in this case little boy thinks 'No duh!' seems an appropriate response."

I half expected her to slap me for what I said, but instead she just held a hand to my face. "I mean she hasn't been her normal self for some time and she couldn't see it or stop it herself. When I laid her out that day it snapped her back to reality. She insisted that she stay restrained in bed from then on and sought consultations on surgery, but it was way too late." I saw the pain deepen in my love's eyes. "And the people she wanted next to her for emotional support she knew would not come after what she did."

"So why has she asked for you now?"

"She didn't, I'm her power-of-attorney both for financial and medical, and Doctor Miller decided it was time to tell me just in case. Keith after what she did to you, she didn't want to face me and see that anger again. She has apologized to me and she would like to see you in-person to do the same."

"If that is your wish Mistress."

"No Keith, I am torn. I want the fences mended, but I do not want to force you to face her again. If you are willing I'd like you to go, perhaps you can find closure."

"Closure?"

"I know about the teddy bear picture."

"It was just a sketch."

I lied. Three weeks after my nightmare I had done some drawings where I just let my mind flow by listening to Ravel's Bolero and not really thinking about what I am doing. Rebecca commented on how cute the picture was, snapping me from my trance. I nearly shit my pants when I saw the 'crying little girl and her teddy bear' from the nightmare. It was so detailed I could even see the face through the bears eyes. I tore it from the drawing pad, knocking over the easel. I crumpled the paper up and summoned slut to dispose of it immediately.

"No it wasn't. I saw the scared face showing behind the bear's eyes, I know my own face when I see it, and Helena's crest on the room's wall was obvious. I can put it together from there"

I turned away. "I don't want to talk about it. I should beat the slut for not destroying it like I told her."

"She tossed it in the trash, but Becks recovered it and left it in here with a note about what happened."

She forced me to look at her and I couldn't resist that stare. "Okay... it was how that nightmare I had really ended." I explained the whole story to her in detail.

"Baby will you go, I think you need to put this behind you and facing her will help with that." The look she gave me was the right mix of pain and hope, I could not say no.



I stood before the ornate and imposing double doors. While with a little effort I could reach the top of a standard 80-inch tall door, these doors were easily ten or twelve feet tall making me feel even smaller than normal. I almost turned to leave when the door opened to reveal Gerald on the far side. "I was honestly sure you would not come little boy."

"Another second and little boy was about to chicken out and leave. This one understands he owes you much thanks Gerald."

He cracked a smile and winked at me. "I assure you sir; I do not know what you speak of. Madame Helena is expecting you, right this way please." He led me up the ornate steps that wrapped around the outside of the circular foyer to the third floor. If anything could be said about Helena Devereaux is she had a flare for the eccentric, even in architecture. 

When Gerald opened up the door to the master suite (or should it be mistress suite in this case?) I was not prepared for what I saw. The once proud lifestyle domme in a silk nightie under the comforter that covered her from the waist down, her wrists had wide leather cuffs attached to chains running under the king size bed and giving her room to reach across herself. I could see chains running out at the bottom of the bed also.

She set down her book and handed a nurse her reading glasses. I froze in the door; despite her situation she still oozed both sexuality and power. "Come closer child, you are in no danger now."

I saw Doctor Miller sitting at a desk with his laptop off to the side and he nodded at me.

When I stood over her I could see she had lost a fair amount of weight, and her once tone facial features were gaunter. She reached out and took my hand. "You get him a chair!" She said as she turned to the nurse. "After what I did to your feet you should not be forced to stand before me, but sit with me as an equal. Doctor Miller has told me you have made a faster recovery than he anticipated, that speaks volumes to your determination. You have a strong will, not normally a good thing for a sub."

"Little boy..."

"Equals remember. I do not deserve your respect any longer Keith."

That was the first time I ever heard her use my birth name. "I needed to get back on my feet, being pampered by Mistress just seemed so wrong, but she refused to let me do much for myself as long as I was injured. The sooner I could do more for myself, the sooner I could serve her properly. You might say I only did it for her."

"Keith, you will take good care of Christine, I know it. I envied her when she brought you to the club the first time, I have had plenty of willing slaves and paid servants, but you... your adoration of her showed me something I had been missing, something I had long ago tried earning from Christine herself. I was so happy for her." She turned away from me for a moment. "There is no excuse for what I did to you; I cannot fathom what I was thinking at the time. In the moment it must have made sense to me. You have no reason to forgive me, nor do I deserve it. But I ask that you forgive your Mistress."

"For what?"

"For exposing you to me. She in a way put you in harms path, unknowing how I was going slowly mad with my desire for her."

I leaned over and kissed her forehead. "I would never hold anything against her."

We talked for a good while; before I left she sent Gerald off to retrieve 'the file' which he gave to me on his return. I opened the envelope to find a series of a dozen or so 8x10 photos of Mistress and a USB memory stick. I flipped through the photos to see the last several being Mistress grabbing me on that fateful day she made me her slave. I went through them a second time, paying closer attention I saw myself in the distance in every picture. Helena had Mistress being followed as she was following me.

"Leverage if you ever need it, I suggest you find somewhere safe to hide them, keep the digitals somewhere separate from the physical copies. I've had Gerald destroy all the other files I have on my friends already. I thought you deserved this one."

"You shouldn't have. I don't need it."

"Insurance child, you always need it. Now go before your Mistress decides you've been here too long and busts up more of my staff." She gave me a weak smile to show she was joking.



When I got home dinner was waiting, I told Mistress I'd be with her in a few minutes I needed to take care of something very important first. I went straight to the den and plugged the USB device into my laptop and deleted the files. I had the first two pictures through the shredder when Mistress came in.

"What are you doing in here? Dinner is getting cold."

"He is sorry Mistress but little boy must destroy these photos, he does not want to take a chance of them ever being used against you."

I expected to see a look of confusion on her face, but instead I saw sheer pride. She took the photos from me. "We can do it after we eat; in twenty minutes I doubt a SWAT team is coming through the door to confiscate them. Damn my ass looks huge in that one!"


Later that night as Mistress and I lay in bed a thought occurred to me. "Mistress, did you know Helena was going to give me those pictures?"

"She hinted at it, but I had no concerns. I knew you'd never use them against me."

"Part of little boy wanted to keep them, for sentimental reasons. They represented a special moment in his life. You followed this slave for almost a week learning all you could about him. How do you think Helena knew you were following me?"

"I told her I had a prospective as a permanent slave to train. She probably had me followed by her stooges. They are good, they found out more about you then I ever did."

"Huh?"

"I never knew your father ran out on you and your mother when you were eleven. I knew your mother died shortly after you came to Detroit, but I never knew about your father. You never talked about them."

"My past before you is not important. All that matters to me is making you happy, that makes me happy."

"I want to hear it from you my dear husband. Here and now."

Her tone told me there was no begging out.

I told her how my mom caught my father with one of his coworkers and gave him the ultimatum of staying faithful or leaving. He packed his bags that night and never made an attempt to come back to us again. I elaborated on how even at such a young age I tried to be both the man of the home and a respectful son. And how with only my mother's small income we could not afford the rent on our suburban home and moved into a small one-bedroom apartment in the city.

"Go on, there's more I can see it in your eyes."

I told her how when I was fifteen my mother came home after getting drunk one night and crawled in bed with me, which was not in itself unusual as we only had the one full size bed that we shared. But she was drunk and horny and had been unable to fulfill her desires before coming home. In that moment the alcohol and sexual frustration overwhelmed her maternal instinct and she mounted my face. I woke to her calling me by my father's name and telling me it was her turn to get off for a change, while running my face through her moist folds. 

Mistress looked horrified. I gave her a smile and explained how my mother had tearfully apologized the next morning when the memories came to her and swore she would never drink again. But it had been my sexual awakening and I soon saw her in a new light; a sexually deprived woman who needed release, another thing my father had failed her in. I told Mistress how I secretly hoped my mother would use me again, and doted on her, practically courting her.

"She insisted I go away to Wayne State when I got the art scholarship, she told me we both needed some space. I was hurt. She explained to me when I came home for spring break that she knew about my crush on her and she felt she had been keeping me from finding my own way and developing relationships with girls my own age.&nbsp; I needed to try to find someone with whom I could be with forever, which I could not do if I was distracted by my incestuous crush. 

She was so proud of me when I graduated and got a job with the advertising firm. Despite talking to her several times a week she never told me she was sick until a few days before she died. When she needed me most she had kept me away so I would not run home to care for her and lose all I had accomplished already."

Mistress wiped the tear from the corner of my eye. "I should have asked about this long ago. No wonder you became submissive to powerful women, you were sexually abused by your own mother. Please don't take my reactions as an insult to your mother, I can tell you still adore her and wouldn't have wanted any different. Did you ever hear from your father again?"

"Only when he showed up a few years ago on my building's front stoop wanting Mom's life insurance money. He felt he was entitled to it. He had basically become a homeless junkie, but had managed to track me down here. I don't even know how he found me, but I told him right out that he lost any claims when he left us high and dry. He hung around for a week hassling me whenever I came or went, and then he either decided I wasn't caving in, he overdosed, or got himself killed."

"He is in prison. Someone from your building had called the cops and he resisted when they tried to take him in for loitering. They found drugs on him, charged him and he was convicted. His first month in prison on a six month possession charge he got caught shanking a guy to steal his drug stash. The guy he shanked died in the infirmary, now he is serving a life sentence in a maximum-security prison. All info courtesy of Helena's investigation stooges."

"I'd be lying if I said that broke my heart. Mistress, aside from your sister, you have never told me about your family either. They are probably much more normal than mine."

"Almost obscenely so. With a pair of workaholic doctors for parents, a nanny raised my sister and me until I was twelve or thirteen, after that we were on our own. I am still pretty close to my sister, but she is still stationed overseas in the army hospital in Landstuhl Germany, I usually only get e-mails from her. Our parents shunned her after she opted for a career in the military as a doctor instead of getting out when her first tour was up and taking a job in the public sector. I was shunned even more for being a finance major instead of pre-med. I could imagine what they would say if they had found out I was a professional dominatrix for six years."

"They'd probably be too scared to say anything, especially if you'd tell them while fully dressed and equipped as such. With your adoring husband kneeling at your feet of course."

She smiled at me, the kind that warms your heart and scares you at the same time.

-----

When little boy told me about Helena I was shocked more by the fact that he and Mistress cared than the fact she was dying.

"I don't know if Mistress wants you to know yet, but if the time comes I want to be there with Mistress and may leave at a moments notice."

"Why Master? After what she did to you, this slut would think of you as anything but sympathetic."

"The tumors made her act irrationally, now the shock of what she did have made her genuinely remorseful. By the time she could admit to herself about the problem, it was too late to save herself. I'm going to be spending some time with her a few days a week, I need you to cover for me here and make certain things are done properly."

"Yes Master."

Over the next few weeks Master made several trips to Helena's estate. I feared each time it would be the last I saw of him. Then one Monday night the week before Christmas he never came home. When it came time for Mistress to be home I had dinner ready, but I knew when Mistress got home she would get upset and not want to eat. But she never made it home from work either. After she was an hour late I broke a rule and watched the TV without permission to see if any of the local networks reported any major accidents. Nothing.

I grabbed my little flowery cellular phone and brought up little boy's contact and called it. It went right to voicemail. I called Mistress next. She picked up right away.

"What is it Sandy?"

"Mistress are you okay?

"That's subjective dear, but yes."

I let out a sigh "This slut is worried about Master little boy. He went out this morning and never made it home. He went..."

"I know where he is, I'm at the hospital with him."

"Is he..."

"He's perfectly fine; it is Helena that was admitted. Eat without us."

"Yes Mistress, this slut understands."

"Oh and Sandy, thank you for being concerned for us."


When the garage doors opened just before midnight I rushed from my bed and took the few steps to my kneeling spot. Mistress rubbed my head stubble as she walked past me. "You did not need to stay up for us, but since you did, I want both of you in the living room now."

Mistress walked between us as we knelt before her 'throne'.

She pulled out her crop and pressed the popper against little boy's cheek. "You have been sneaking out the last two weeks." She moved the crop across the gap to my own cheek. "And you have been covering up this transgression."

"Mistress the slut is not to blame, she just followed little boy's instructions." Little boy said in a sorrowful tone.

"I will determine who is to blame. Both of my slaves have been lying, one directly, one by omission at the other's instruction. Explain yourself little boy."

"Yes Mistress. This lowly slave sought to be a friendly face to Helena. She was surrounded all day solely by people she paid to be at her side. He knew you, Richard, and Rebecca would be visiting her some in the evenings." I saw tears trace his cheek as he looked up to Mistress for the first time. "This one thought he could redeem his failure to be by his mother's side to comfort her in her final days by being there for Helena."

"Slut what do you have to say for yourself?"

"This slut has no excuse Mistress. She did as Master asked and made sure the home was taken care of properly. She did not know if you were aware of what Master did, but she also did not think it was her place to tell you if you did not."

"Yes indeed." She rubbed her fingers on her chin. "You will both need to be punished for the deceptions."

"Mistress, litt..." The crop catching his chin as she swiftly brought it up stopping him in mid-sentence. There was no force behind the movement, just threat.

"Despite your honorable intentions my love, you failed to respect my control over you and left without permission for a non-necessity. You on the other hand..." she glared at me with a slight smile on her lips, "you were in a no-win situation, lie to me or tattle on little boy, risking one or both our wraths."

She got up and walked around us both. Stooping between us she grabbed the ring on my collar with two fingers. "Maybe I should make you wear this collar again little boy. And stuff the slut's holes with the wedlock dildoes. Keep you both in the house for good."

"If that is your wish Mistress, it is little boy's command. He will accept this fate."

"What do you think of this plan slut?"

"Mistress, this slut has no opinion; your word is her law."

"Fine then, my decision is made." She sat on the chair again, leaned back and crossed her arms. "Slut for your crime you will spend tomorrow night in the cell, wearing a straightjacket from the time dinner is cleaned up until the morning routine. Little boy for your crime, starting tomorrow night you will be in your sleep sack nightly for seven straight nights. Next time you will clear it with me before doing something like this. Aside from your lack of honesty with me, I am proud of you both. Now we all need some sleep, and I still have to go to work in the morning."

A night with no arms on the hard concrete floor of the cell, or seven nights of near immobility, likely being teased by Mistress before being allowed to sleep, I believe little boy got the harsher sentence in this case.


When Mistress came home Friday afternoon I was ready for her. It was the 23rd and Mistress had her work's Christmas Party. She kissed little boy and dismissed him to go back to his 'secret project'. Something he had sequestered himself away in the den to do and neither Mistress nor I knew what it was. Mistress went to her bedroom with me on her heels ready to administer her home spa treatment. After she showered I gave her a facial, doing a mani/pedi while it sat.

Soon it was time to dress and I slid Mistress into her matching silken bustier and panties followed closely by the suntan stockings that I then attached to the bustier's garters. Once the blue dress was slipped on I pulled up the zippers located on each side seam, they squeezed it tight against her bosom while showing just a hint of cleavage. I styled her hair as she applied her makeup, changing her mind on shades a few time and started over. "Go make sure little boy is getting ready"

I left the room and looked in to my bedroom to see little boy's suit was no longer hanging there. I went down to the end of the hall and saw the den door was open now. "Master are you ready to go?"

"Just need to take off the smock and slide into my tie and jacket, then I will be. Is my beautiful date ready?"

"Almost, so you may want to wrap up whatever you are doing."

"Okay go back to Mistress, and don't let her change her make-up so often that we'll be late." I could hear his chuckle and it brought a smile to my face. This happy distraction from Helena's declining condition was sorely needed by them both.

When I returned to Mistress she had once again changed her make-up. "Mistress if you keep that up you will never get there!"

"This is it. I am pleased with this one, go fetch the clutch and shoes in 5C."

Mistress had a shelving system for her casual/dress shoes and accessories that was twenty 9" wide columns and five 8" tall rows. I walked into her closet and located the pigeonhole on the shelf she indicated; a black pair of size 15 strappy sandals with a 3" stiletto heel. "Mistress these are sandals. Are you sure you want them since it is so cold out?" I yelled out to her.

"Yes slut, I'm not going to be outside really. The hotel has an indoor parking garage so they should be fine."

I set them in front of her and slid them onto her feet as she raised each one in turn, and then securing each ankle strap when completed.

Mistress stood and from my vantage point on my knees with my ass resting on my heels I could just barely see the stocking tops above her dress's hem.

"How do I look?"

"Like a goddess in human form. This slut believes you are gorgeous, Master will be busy keeping all the men, and many of the women, from trying to take you home." She gave me a devilish smile as she pictured that.

Master gave a wolf whistle when she emerged from the bedroom. He took a knee before her and kissed her hand. "I am the luckiest husband on Earth."

I saw him try to peek up Mistress's dress but with his thigh in a vertical position he was a hair too high.

"Later tonight you might get to see that, but not now." He blushed as he stood; I had not been the only one to notice his attempt to peek. "Slut, other than cleaning up your dinner dishes and turning down our bed the rest of the night is yours. Feel free to watch TV or read, go to bed as you please and do not worry about waiting up for us. Don't get into any mischief."

Master was helping her with her wrap. "Yes Mommy, I will be a good girl. Promise." I tried to keep a straight face but failed when I saw little boy's eyes bug out.

Mistress tried to scowl at me, but ended up turning away so I would not see her smile.


I woke at a little after five in the morning and went to the hallway bathroom. I had left the hall light on last night so they could see when they got home, and it was still on. My need for the bathroom suddenly forgotten, I turned to Mistress's bedroom. The hall light cast through the open door onto the empty bed, undisturbed from the way I left it. Master's sleepsack still laid out flat where he would have slept. 

They never made it home!

-----

We had almost got home by the time my phone rang with Rebecca's trumpeting ringtone.

Mistress glanced over at me as I answered it on speaker. "Hey Becks, what's up?"

"I've been trying to call Chris, are you two together?" I heard the sadness in her voice.

"I'm here Becks." I could hear the dread in Mistress's response; she had heard Rebecca's tone also. "She's going isn't she?"

I heard the sniffle from the phone bare seconds before the Mercedes tires were leaving a layer of themselves on the pavement as Mistress spun the car around in one swift and nauseating motion.

"Be there in fifteen..." Mistress shifted the car into a higher gear, "make that ten minutes."


We were escorted up by one of the maids. Richard stepped aside for Mistress to take his spot.

"Look at you child, I hope you didn't leave an important event for little old me."

"We were already going home Hel, and no event is more important than being here with you."

She looked to me. "You are a handsome one when dressed too. Maybe you should make him dress that way on a regular basis."

"Nah! I prefer seeing him in the buff; it is quite arousing for me."

Helena laughed. Just then Gerald entered with a good-looking older brunette. "I'm sorry it took so long Madam."

The woman slid in next to me and rubbed Helena inner thigh through the blanket. "Pardon Madam, the vault eez mine. I veft my boudoir for a late night valk in zee snow. Gerald, he could not locate me vith eaze"

"That is fine Marie; I had dismissed you for the day. Now that you are all here; Reed tells me that the cancer has spread to and is shutting down some of my major organs; I have decided it is not in my own best interest to go on machines to keep me alive. Marie and Gerald; it was an honor to employee you and you have both served me well as my senior house staff. I hope you will both stay on and serve my heirs well."

"Oui Madam, I beweiv I speaks for Gerald alzo ven I zay; vee vil be honored to do zuch."

"Indeed my lady." Gerald said in his normal aloof tone. The tears on his cheek betraying the emotion the butler was hiding.

She looked at the rest of us in turn. "I wanted to tell you all how special you were to me, and how it hurt me so much to know I had alienated myself from you with one betrayal. In a way the loss of your respect had saved me by forcing me to see what I had become and been ignoring in myself for far too long. I ask that when it's time; that you do not mourn my death, but celebrate my release from my madness." She took a deep breath before continuing. "I have talked to Marcus a few times the past month. I have arranged that he provide for my wake at Knot Time. I hoped you six would help him host it, you are my family."

Mistress pulled me in tight to her. I put my arm around her back and she kissed the top of my head. "We will be there, right honey?"

I squeezed her, pressing the side of my head into her right breast. "Do you have to ask?"

"Count on us too." Richard piped in.

"Thank you all. It's late, go home get some sleep." None of us moved. "You don't have to stay and watch me wither and die."

"No but we can stay and keep you company you old hag!" Mistress baited her.

"Youth these days!" She said in mock indignation rousing a bout of laughter from the gathering.

We took turns as couples napping on the large leather couch off to the side of the room. Mistress kept me close. She tried to put on a strong front but I could tell she was an emotional wreck inside and needed me near for emotional support.

As the day broke Gerald and Marie left to get their staffs on track for the day. Coffee and Danishes were brought in for the four of us, Doctor Miller, and the nurse.

When the heart monitor let loose with its long steady buzz Mistress lost herself to her emotions and began crying like a baby. I held her, wishing for once that she did not tower so far over me so I could bring her head to my chest and comfort her like a man should. I looked over to Richard to see him holding Rebecca like I wanted to hold Christine. Necessity is the mother of invention they say, so I lead her to the couch and sit her down. I sat on the armrest and spin so my legs are across her thighs and pull her in to rest on my chest. She gave me a half-hearted chuckle as she looked into my face from a few inches below. Wrapping her arm behind me she pressed herself deeply into me.

Doctor Miller picked up the antique styled phone next to Helena's bed. "Find Gerald, tell him I need him."

When the doctor shut off the monitor, he too looked like he was ready to cry.

When Gerald came in he unlocked the cuffs from Helena's limbs and removed the chains from the bed. He gave them to another servant who had accompanied him. "You know where they belong."

"Yes sir." He turned and left.

Gerald took a few moments to look upon his mistress.

My own Mistress made me move and she walked over to him and put a hand on his shoulder. "I'm sorry Gerald, I know you were an employee, but she always wished more for you."

"Yes and I wanted it, but she valued me too much as her 'major domo' to accept me as a full slave. Since the house rule was that all slaves are responsible to the staff as well, I would have lost my place as head of staff. I was honored she let me sub for her when I could."

He sighed and gathered himself up. "Thank you all for being here, even though she slept through her last hours, I know it meant much to Madam that you were all here. Take a few moments and then I ask you all to please go so I may break the news to the household and they can mourn. I will contact you when I have the arrangements made."

Richard got up and shook his hand. "Of course Gerald, offer our condolences to all.

-----

Little boy insisted on driving home and I wasn't in the mood to argue. He lead me to the passenger seat and hit it to the #2 preset so it slid back to match the driver's seat.

"Oh that's where little boy's phone went after that last turn!" He said as he picked his iPhone from the floor. "Woah, slut must be worried about us, she called my phone nine times."

"Let her worry, let's just get home."

"Yes Mistress."



When I walked in the slut was kneeling in her place, eyes down. "Welcome home Mistress, this slut assumes your party must have been very enjoyable for you to get home so late."

I had pulled my hand back to slap her insubordinate face off her head when little boy grabbed my wrist. "Mistress go start getting undressed, little boy will deal with the slut."

I pulled my hand away and walked through the bedroom door, slamming it behind me. When my husband walked in ten minutes later I had only managed to remove my shoes. I had been crying the whole time. He made me stand and slowly stripped me down until I was nude. I sat as he stripped down to his chastity tube.

He walked up to me and stood between my legs, wrapping his arms around me he held me tight.

"It will be okay Christine, the pain never truly goes away, but it will diminish."

"Thank you my love. Come, lay down and hold me."

I lay down as low on the bed as I could. Little boy being the bright soul that he is saw what I wanted and positioned himself high enough that I could rest my head on his chest. He stroked my hair and shoulders as I cried myself to sleep on his chest.


When I woke I turned toward little boy I was shocked to be staring at the slut's blue eyes. "What the hell!" I took in the sight of her in little boy's sleepsack.

"This slut is sorry Mistress, she only meant to tease; she did not know what you were going through. She would not have done that if she knew."

"Where is little boy?"

"He made me lay down with you and went to work on his painting. He..."

I leapt from the bed and went to the den to find it locked. I banged on the door. "Open the door little boy!"

The slut yelled from the bedroom "Mistress, he is not here!" I walked into the room again. "You left before the slut was finished. He left about twenty minutes ago, he told me to tell you he had to go get the frame for the painting so he had it for when he finished it."

I was steaming mad at him for putting his work ahead of my needs. "Mistress, Master knows about you using this slut sexually."

I felt a chill go through me. "He what?"

"He said to this slut he was putting her into the sleepsack so she would not take advantage of Mistress sexually again. I swear I didn't tell him anything about that night, just as you instructed Mistress"

My hand flew to my mouth on reflex. "I haven't told him yet either." I had not wanted him to know at the time because of what he had just gone through, but yet he knew, and seemed to blame slut for it. Surely he is submissive enough to accept me using my other slave as I desire, at least I hope he is.

I was so focused on how this could play out; I never even let the slut out of the bag before walking into the living room and sitting in my chair. I thought I heard a door close and some whispering. He came from the hall carrying a frame and matte board. "Good afternoon Mistress, do you feel better?" He set them down and came over and knelt before me kissing my bare feet.

"Yes little boy. Why did you leave?"

"Forgive this slave Mistress, but he needs to finish this commissioned painting as soon as possible now. With the upcoming funeral he will not have as many days as the original deadline dictated. The painting is near completion, he will have it finished tonight, so it can dry overnight and be sealed sometime tomorrow."

"It is Christmas tomorrow, and you intend to work? You are the reason I began celebrating it again." I had not celebrated, decorated, or even sent cards in many years. But Christmas was a time of happy memories for little boy. He didn't have much growing up, so for him the holiday was about family and getting the one or two things he wanted most, making it special. He went out last year and bought decorations from his artwork fund (which I replenished afterwards) and did up the living room with a small artificial tree, and lined the front eaves and trees in the yard with lights. I allowed it since it made him smile, and I actually got in the holiday spirit too. This year I even bought the fixings for a small traditional meal for the three of us.

"Just an hour or two in the evening. Little boy will have to move it into the garage for ventilation. Then he can matte and frame it Monday."

"What is special about this? I want to see it now."

"Please Mistress; the client was adamant that nobody sees it before the unveiling, even you."

"I could chain you up and just take a look at my leisure."

He looked at me with a betrayed look on his face. "Please Mistress; you will be there to see the unveiling. If you respect me as a husband and artist you will abide by that request and not force me to break my word."

"Are you willing to spend a month in the cell in exchange for keeping that word?"

His reaction was priceless as he weighed the consequences. "Mistress, this slave will accept these terms. He hopes that when revealed you will have a change of heart and allow him back by your side."

"If you feel that strongly, I will honor your promise to this unknown client, your punishment will be stayed until the unveiling and then I will determine if the deal will be followed through or that all is forgiven. Now another matter at hand my slave; your comment to the slut about her taking advantage of me, what brought that on?"

"Mistress, little boy knows about the weekend after his attack."

"What do you know?"

"Slut had her tongue buried in your pussy while you were drunk, this slave just does not know if you were a willing participant."

"How did you come by this... idea?"

He looked me right in the eye. "You told me two weeks ago."

"No little boy, I never told you anything about that."

"You talk in your sleep."

"I do not!"

He smiled at me, like the cat that ate the canary. I wasn't fond of being on this side of that smile. "Shall he prove it to you? Give little boy a minute." He got up and went right to the locked door of the den and let himself in. "Please come here Mistress."

When I entered little boy was standing next to the wall safe, the concealment removed from it. He cracked his fingers for effect, and with barely looking he turned the knob a few times and opened the door. I stared slack jawed at the open safe. "Ta-da! Little boy has known this for over a year, this is the first time that he has actually tried it though. You repeated it over and over several different nights. Honestly he was afraid it was a test and it wouldn't work at all."

He knelt before me as I looked, still shocked, at the open safe. I finally managed to mutter; "I... I... I don't believe it!" 

"Please don't be mad at this slave Mistress, until today he has kept all you said to himself." He kissed the top of my feet and looked up at me waiting.

Finally I laughed and he relaxed. "Not that I needed more proof of your trustworthiness, but this does do that." I walk over and close the safe and sit at my desk. I motion little boy to me and he shuffles over on his knees. "I never found the right words or time. Since the cat is out of the bag, here it goes; I did have the slut orally please me that night. I was drunk and horny. You were fast asleep, and I did not want to wake you. I took the slut to the other bedroom and had her please me a few times before eventually going to bed with you. She did not take advantage of me; it was the other way around."

"Little boy owes slut an apology for his earlier 'off the cuff' comment, he had not been thinking when he spoke."

"There is no need for that; she was more scared you were mad at me. You are not mad at me or jealous of her are you? If you are, you have hid it well these last few weeks."

He took my hand in his own. "Maybe a little jealous Mistress. It was shortly after that time that you started going soft on her, but I never saw you look at her the way you do me. I was confidant I was still the one you love."

"I can't believe nobody has ever told me that I talk in my sleep before!"

"Maybe no one before me was so attuned to your voice that your merest whisper woke them." His smile told me he was half joking, half serious.


After dinner slut began preparing the ham and sweet potatoes to be cooked tomorrow. Little boy, with my permission, had sequestered himself in my office again, while I curled up with a magazine on the couch. Slut emerged from the kitchen and knelt by me.

"The holiday meal is prepped Mistress, this slut will just need to put it in the oven to bake. Will you need her anymore tonight?"

"No slut, you may retire to your room for the night. I think I will get ready for bed myself. If you wake before us, let us sleep until about 9."

"Yes Mistress, good night."

I popped my head in the office, as expected the painting was arranged so it could not be seen from the door. "Baby I'm going to bed; if you join me soon I may be convinced to use my key."

He leaned out from behind the canvas with a big smile on his face. "Five more minutes, ten at most Mistress and little boy will be there. He is adding the finishing touches to the eyes and then it is finished except for the sealing and framing."

"Okay, but if it takes more than that you missed your chance."

Eight minutes later his tongue was caressing my clit. I pulled the key to his tube from my nightstand drawer. "Kneel on the bed." He reluctantly complied and I unlocked him. As I set his reassembled tube on the nightstand, he patiently waited for my next command. I made my voice as sultry as possible; "I want my husband to make love to me."

He gave me a knowing smile before proceeding to kiss me deeply. His hands roamed my body, stroking me in all the right places. I laid back and let him pleasure me, I had trained him well and now I reaped the benefits. When he began sliding his cock along my pussy lips and over my clit I gripped his hips to steer him in. He did not allow himself to penetrate my folds yet. I knew he was stringing me along. 

When his right hand disappeared I felt the tip of his cock poised to enter me. With his left hand he took me by the chin and made me look him in the eyes. As I stared into his gold and green orbs he gave me a devilish smile. He slowly entered me until I felt his balls against my crotch. "I love the look on your face when I push into you. I wish you'd let me see that more often."

He pulled himself up my body, forcing me to raise my hips at the waist; he planted another kiss on my lips. I used the fact he already had my hips tilted to bring my legs up. I rested them on his chest before lowering them toward my torso. He gave me a shocked look as I wrapped my legs behind my head and crossed my ankles.

"What? You didn't know that I was this flexible?" I said in a sultry whisper.

"No, but I hope I can see you do this more often."

Before I could respond he began pumping into me with his meaty piston and words were lost to me.

My husband varied up his speed and stroke length, pushing me so close to the edge and then pulling me back, from the look on his face he was keeping himself near the brink also. He took his hands from my breasts and planted them to either side of my head and ankles just before picking up the pace. I was forced to look directly at him as my orgasm overtook me. I felt the eruption as I squirted all over our groins. As if it was cued up by my orgasm his splashed against my womb.

He laid out on me, and I lowered my legs and ass dragging his body with, his head came to rest between my breasts.

We lay like that for a few minutes before little boy pulled out and put his face between my legs, licking up the results of our passion as usual. I smiled to myself as I remembered how he hesitated when I insisted he do it the first time, now it was practically instinct for him. When he kissed me a few minutes later I could taste the sweet and salty mix on his lips.

After we showered I went to bed and little boy began carrying the presents out to the tree. He insisted they were not to be put out until Christmas Eve night. When he finally came to bed I was almost asleep. He kissed me good night and spooned me.

-----

When I woke up around 8, I put on my maid uniform, and went to the kitchen. I started a pot of coffee and opened up a package of cinnamon buns, arranging them on a cookie sheet to put in the oven.

"Morning slut."

I went to my knees. "Merry Christmas Mistress. The coffee will be ready in a minute and this slut will be making cinnamon rolls for your breakfast."

I glanced up to see Mistress's pussy peeking out below her silk robe and my gaze must have lingered a few seconds too long. "You're getting as bad as little boy! One taste of my pussy and you can't take your eyes off of it."

I knew I was blushing at that point. It was true, I dreamed often of orally pleasing Mistress and being rewarded with an orgasm of my own, and when the dreams were not of her it was little boy. I was of course very sexually frustrated, not having orgasmed since the day Mistress used me as a surrogate for that bitch Alice. My subconscious knew my pleasure was dependent on them and used that in my dreams. It was as if I was mentally torturing myself.

Mistress looked toward the kitchen door and took two steps toward me and parted her legs. "You may kiss it." I leaned forward and kissed her pubic mound just under the triangle of her trimmed bush, I snaked my tongue out and dragged it across her pussy lips causing her to gasp. "Bad Girl! I said kiss it not eat it."

I looked up to see the smile on her face, telling me she was teasing me. "This slut is sorry Mistress, but she could not help herself."

She waved me away. "Get back to work. Oh slut, also you may forego 'slave talk' today in consideration of the holiday."

I kissed her foot. "Yes Mistress."

Little boy's voice hollered for me from the living room. "Slut! Enema time!"

"Put in the rolls and get our coffee ready. I'll tell him they can be done later." Mistress left giving me a wink.


After the rolls were served and we each had at least one cup of coffee Mistress told little boy to hand out the presents. I went to go back to the kitchen to clean up. There was no sense in me sitting here as they exchanged gifts.

"Where are you off to?"

"The kitchen Mistress, this slut isn't needed here..."

"Sit, you will stay and watch." She pointed to the loveseat.&nbsp; "Remember you can talk normally today too."

When I was seated little boy carried a few small boxes to Mistress. I noticed there were more gifts this year than last when they got each other two or three presents each.

Mistress unwrapped and opened a small box. She smiled ear to ear as she read the writing on the thick paper. "Thank you baby, I will get good use of this. How did you know to go here?"

"I know you have a hard time finding 'off the shelf' outfits, so I checked the labels in a few of your skirt suits for the designer."

Mistress then opened the next box and pulled out a few home spa treatment kits and a few bottles of nail polish. "Thank you slut, this was so thoughtful!"

"What?" I was confused. Then I realized what had to have happened. "Mistress I cannot take credit for that, Master asked me about the brands I use on you and he must have got them."

She smiled at me. "You think I don't know that you silly girl, you haven't left the house without me along for quite a while. At least you were honest about it. Little boy get those three boxes over there."

I was shocked when little boy set one box next to me, I looked at the tag, 'To: Sandy, From Christine + Keith'. He set the next box off to the side and the third he once again brought to me.

"Little boy open yours first."

He tore into the wrapping and opened the box. "Mistress, I believe you mis-tagged these. I think this was for slut." He pulled out a chastity belt and held it out.

"No baby, look inside it. It is a male chastity belt; see the tube for your penis inside." He nodded; a shocked look was on his face. "This isn't for everyday use, just for when I tell you to wear it. Now let's try it on while slut opens her presents. Go ahead slut."

With one eye on me as I unwrapped the first box that little boy had gave me, Mistress was fitting the device on little boy. I unfolded the top of the box and extracted a new wig on a foam head. It was the same brown as my Sandy wig but was a feathered look rather than straight. The next box also held a similar wig, in a curled style.

I walked over and knelt down and kissed Mistress's bare feet. "Thank you Mistress they are wonderful."

"We thought giving you some options were in order. I am pleased you like them. Try them on see how they look." 
 
I ran to my room and placed them on and looked at myself in the vanity. I returned to the living room still wearing the feathered one. "Mistress am I allowed to wear one today"

"Yes, I think that would be a nice change of pace."

When all the gifts were open little boy had got some art supplies, Mistress had got a rear shield and various sized anal plug inserts for little boy's new chastity belt, supposedly from little boy (obviously wrapped and tagged by Mistress herself since he knew nothing about the belt). I received a new skirt suit and high heel shoes.

"Now you'll look presentable for the viewing on Wednesday." Mistress smiled at me as I held the ensemble up to my body.

"The viewing? You're actually letting me go to it?" I could see little boy was as shocked by this announcement as I was.

"To pay your respects to the woman that helped keep you alive, it seems fitting. She managed to keep the FBI looking for you everywhere but here, and therefore the criminal elements looked in the same direction also"

"I just didn't think you'd trust me out as Sandy at that kind of event."

"You have grown as a person, embraced your submissive self and flourished. Do not disappoint me."

"Yes Mistress."

"Little boy, be a dear and get dressed and go next-door to invite Mrs. Fellencer over for dinner."

Little boy gave her a confused look. "Yes Mistress, right away."

Once little boy was out the door Mistress pointed to the tree. "Slut fetch me the little gift in the branches."

I immediately went to the tree and located the hidden box. "Shouldn't we go get dressed in more presentable clothes Mistress?"

I glanced at the small box as I handed it to Mistress, there was no tag. Just then its contents beeped

She flashed a devilish smile at me. "Trust me he isn't going to see that old gossip." She tore open the wrapping to reveal a remote device almost identical to the one used with my wedlock dildos. Then it beeped again.

Master came bursting in the door and brushed the snow of his coat before removing it.

"What did she say dear?" Mistress winked at me.

He knelt down at her feet. "I never got the chance Mistress." He looked up and I could see the smile on his face from where I stood. "It seems my new chastity belt is wedlocked and this slave could not reach her home. But I expect you already knew that Mistress."

"Indeed I did, this belt has all the same features as the slut's device, except I can turn off the connection to the invisible fences, and I can link it directly to the slut's device. So just like in the movie, my two prisoners could be stuck with one another. Now enough of this, little boy go do the sealing of your mystery painting while the slut and I start making our Christmas feast."



When Wednesday arrived Mistress took me to the wet room for the usual routine and she helped me dress. "Take little boy's car and go to a mall. The viewing starts at 10 and I expect you to stay through the service and come straight home afterwards."

"Yes Mistress. This slut understands."

I went to the mall closest to the funeral home and wandered. Since I didn't have any money I simply window-shopped to kill the time.

When I finally arrived it was about 10:15 and the viewing line stretched out the door and down the side of the building. Fortunately it moved fast and I got into the heat before my legs froze off. 

When I reached the guest book I signed in as Sandy Urnst. As I passed through the door I saw Mistress and little boy standing to the side of the casket with Richard, Rebecca, and a couple I did not recognize. 

When I reached the casket Helena looked thinner than I remembered, but otherwise the mortician did a very good job.&nbsp; I offered my condolences to the first couple and hugged and kissed Mistress, little boy, and Rebecca. As I went on to find a seat I heard Richard ask Rebecca whom I was. 

After the services I went home and straight to my room to change.&nbsp; On my bed was a handwritten note addressed to 'Sandy'.

&nbsp; Sandy
&nbsp; If you are reading this then you have
&nbsp; made me a proud Mistress. I want you
&nbsp; to take the key and unlock your belt. 
&nbsp; Once you have done that you may leave
&nbsp; my service. Take the Subaru and get
&nbsp; yourself out of town. Live your life as
&nbsp; Sandy or get a new alias. I just hope you
&nbsp; have learned that being an unwilling
&nbsp; slave is not a fun life and that you will
&nbsp; not return to your old ways. 

&nbsp; On your bed you will find an envelope
&nbsp; with $5000 in it for you to start your new
&nbsp; life with.&nbsp; I wish you the best. I am sure
&nbsp; we will both miss you. 

&nbsp; Christine

I read the letter three times. I'm really free.

The key turned in the lock when I inserted it. I truly was free. 

I looked around me and decided it was time I gave Christine Cavanaugh what I owed her. 

-----

"You did what? How could you do that to me?"

We were in the back of Helena's limo heading from the private interment in the mausoleum on the Deveroux Estate to Knot Time when Mistress dropped the bomb on us about how she decided this morning on a whim to send the slut away as a free woman and giving her all the emergency cash from the safe.

Mistress was surprised by my reaction. "I really didn't think you'd care about her that much."

"I don't care what you do with the slut, but my car I do!"

"It's only a car Keith, you can get another one." Richard offered in a dismissive tone. 

"I'll get you another. In the mean time you can drive one of mine."

She gave me a look that told me she was not happy with me, I knew I had made a mistake with my outburst and questioning her in front of another dominant, but I figured I had already dug this grave so I might as well climb in also.

"It won't be the same Mistress. The wagon was my last real gift from my mother. She scrimped and saved for a down payment so I had a reliable car to drive to college, and then worked herself to death at three jobs to pay it off. To me it is a reminder how much she sacrificed for me."

Mistress looked at me, gauging my comment. Her scowl softened and she took my hand. "You don't mean that figuratively either do you?"

"No ma'am. Please forgive this slave's outburst; it was improper for him to speak to you that way. He just..."

She put a finger to my lips. "I will try to get it back. I'm sorry but you are mine to do with as I please and so, in my mind, your car was mine to do with as I please also. If I had known it had sentimental meaning to you I may have done it differently, but considering the alternatives..." She gave a slight shake of her head to emphasis her position, "that was not likely."

Rebecca came over and sat next to me and hugged me. "Maybe she won't trust that Chris doesn't have the car GPS tagged and call a cab or something." She looked past me to Mistress. "So slut didn't know she was to be freed when she came through the viewing line?"

"No, if she went home as instructed she found out then."

"Wait, slut was at the funeral home?" Richard turned to Rebecca. "That was the girl you said was Keith's half-sister wasn't it."

Rebecca blushed and looked to Mistress. "Maybe Master."

"She promised to keep the slut's identity a secret."

"So slut is Keith's sister, you've made this into a real family affair."

Mistress gave me a non-committal look and checked to see that the privacy screen was closed before continuing. "Since you are the only one here who doesn't know; slut was originally Mistress Brandy. For the rare occasion I allow her out of the house, she becomes Sandy Urnst, Keith's sister."

"I didn't even recognize her! So you hid her from the police? Why?"

"Not exactly hid, more like I incarcerated her before the police knew to even look for her."

"She tried kidnapping me, but I refused to tell her where the keys to unlock me were, and while she tried to force me to tell her, Mistress came back and took care of her."

"She's been my prisoner since that day. I didn't dare turn her over with a basement full of restraints and whips. I broke her and trained her to be what she is today, a model slave"

"And after they started looking for her?"

I saw Mistress's evil grin. "Who do you think tipped them off? What better way is there to keep a reluctant slave in line than letting her know the police and her former clients are out for her blood."

"How long did you know Becks?" Richard asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Well that's up for debate, I suspected back when little boy brought me her measurements..."

"The day you dresses me as a girl." I said in a hushed but angry tone. Richard looked sheepishly at Mistress, knowing that was still a sore spot between them.

"But I didn't know for sure until the night we rescued little boy from Helena."

He looked to Mistress. "I can't believe you didn't trust any of us with this. We would have had your back."

"I didn't want put you in that position. Hel knew, she helped me with the misdirects for those chasing her. Marv knew since he told me she was coming. I kept everyone else in the dark."

"Still, I would have done whatever was needed to help. You're practically family for Christ's sake."

"I know Rich, but there wasn't much help you could be and if things would have gone sideways, I wanted you and Becks to have deniability."

We arrived at the club a few minutes later and Gerald broke off from the rest of Helena's senior staff, who had been in the stretched limo in the lead, when he approached he asked to talk to Mistress and Richard in private.

They disappeared into one of the privacy rooms as the other of Helena's employees went about their assigned preparations.

Rebecca and I sat at the table that was going to be ours. I was silently feeling sorry for myself over the loss of my beloved car.

Rebecca broke the silence. "Keith what year was your car?"

"It was a '95, Mom bought it coming off a three year lease."

"So its 17 years old then, I doubt your mother got it with the intention of you keeping it this long. I bet she expected you to get a good job and be able to get a fancy car of your choosing many years ago."

"Yeah but..."

"No 'buts' Keith, you treated the car better than your mother ever intended. You did that in honor of her. Now it's time to move on."

"Maybe. It is just... I don't know."

One of the bouncers approached our table. "Hey, you are Christines slave little boy right?"

"Yes, why?"

"This geeky chick just asked me to give you or Christine these." He held out my car keys.

"Thanks!" I took them from his hands and heard a beep emanate from them as I took them.

"Youre welcome. What was that?"

"I don't believe it!" I muttered as I ran for the door.










Another Slaviversary 5 - Epilogue
by Loraspa6
loraspa6 (a) hotmail (dot) com

"So what's so important that it couldn't wait for later Gerald?" Richard asked, letting more than a bit of annoyance bleed into the question.

"Madame Helena instructed me to give these to you in private after the internment."

He handed me two envelopes, one with my name, the other Keith's. He similarly gave Richard an envelope also.

I looked into one of the envelopes in my hand and saw the name of a bank in the Cayman Islands and what was obviously an account number and a security PIN, nothing else was contained.

"You will both need to attend the reading of her will next week, Miss Christine; among other things, she left you the beach house in Hawaii that you honeymooned in. For you Richard; she has left her villa in the Swiss Alps. Marie and I will be trustees on a fund set up to pay the caretakers for these homes for the next year, after that it will be your responsibility. All the rest of her property and holdings will go to her only living relative, her niece."

"I didn't know she even had a niece." Richard said looking at me.

"News to me too!"

"You mean neither of you know?" Gerald looked at us with a shocked expression. "Richard, your wife Rebecca is the only daughter of Madame Helena's late sister."

Both Richard and I's jaws went slack.



When we left the private room we returned to the main hall to see little boy and Rebecca standing really close together, hiding someone behind them.

They both had big smiles on their faces as they stepped aside, revealing Sandy kneeling behind them. I pushed little boy aside and grabbed Sandy's arm, I turned and retraced my steps to the private room with slut in tow. 

I pushed her into the room and slammed the door closed behind us. "What the hell are you doing here? I told you to go home!"

She went right to her knees and looked at my feet as she answered me. "This slut did go home Mistress. She found your letter."

"Then why aren't you halfway to the Canadian border?"

"This slut has no desire to be free, nor does she deserve it. She humbly begs Mistress to reconsider. This slut fears that without your control she will be lost. You taught her the true meaning of dominance and submission, and she cannot imagine living a life beyond serving you and Master little boy."

I could see the makeup stained tears running down her cheeks.

"Slut you have given me much to think about and now is not the time to think about these things. If you truly do not want to leave, go home and wait for me in the cell. If you leave that is fine too."

"Yes Mistress."

We walked back out and slut asked little boy for his keys, to my great surprise he turned them over without reservation.

She looked back over her shoulder when she reached the door. Her eyes locked with mine and she nodded and left.

Little boy came up beside me and held my hand. "Did you insist she leave?"

"What if I did?"

"She won't go; the loss would be too great for her."

"You mean losing us?"

"No, being trapped in her chastity belt with the wedlock in forever."

"What!?" Some of the guests who had arrived early turned to stare at me.

"She didn't tell you?" He searched my face. "No, I bet you never gave her a chance to. She turned on the invisible fence to your office door, locked herself in the belt with the wedlock in and threw the belt's key into the office."

"And then came here to offer herself to me. What if I don't want that responsibility anymore?"

"Mistress, you know I love you right?" I nod. "You need to accept you made this your responsibility when you decided to deliver your own punishment instead of turning her over to the police, and you extended that commitment to both you and me for life the moment you broke her dominant will. After what you did to her you just can't throw her away because now you fear you have become too attached to her."

"Who says I have become attached to her?"

He squeezed my hand a little tighter and said; "Mistress, do you honestly believe I cannot see it. I maybe your slave but I am not dumb."

"No I suppose you are not, and you think we should keep her."

"Or maybe find her a dominant that would treat her properly."

I glanced at him to see that he didn't like that idea any better than I did. "No you are correct little boy, she is our... my responsibility now." I held his chin and made him look to me. "Thank you for being my conscience dear."

He smiled at me. "I'm pretty sure that is in my job description, right next to kissing your feet."

-----

Mistress, with me in tow, mingled and socialized with a lot of people, very few of which I knew. I just stayed quiet in her shadow and only participated in the conversation when addressed.

When the club was pretty full we made our way back to our table near the stage. Rebecca and Gerald were there comforting Marie. The older French woman had been crying off and on for most of the day. I rested a hand on her shoulder as we passed and gave her a reassuring grin when she looked at me. She smiled back through the tears.

"Hello everyone, thank you all for coming." Vic Marcus had come on stage to open the event. "For those who are not among my normal clientele; I'm Victor Marcus and I'd like to welcome you to Knot Time. I wish your first time here would have been under happier circumstances, since we are here this afternoon to celebrate the life of Helena Deveroux, a woman of power and extremes in more ways than one." I heard several people chuckle at that comment. 

"If you were invited here, Helena felt you were open enough to her... shall we say other lifestyle, and would get along with all those she held close, whether they be a business acquaintance, a friend, or the people she considered her extended family.

Back when I first got the idea for a club for people of our particular tastes, Helena was my first stop for advice. She loved the idea so much she offered me an empty warehouse she owned at a steal. That in its own right should tell you how much she liked the idea. So here we are just over twenty years later in that very same building, honoring her. She helped build this community of open sexual acceptance, turning fellow deviants," he made a gesture referring to himself, into entrepreneurs, and in a few cases opening up this life to a few of her friends from the business and financial worlds. Many tolerated it just to do business with her, others embraced it as a break from monotony, and some dived in whole heartedly." I nudged Mistress and she smirked at me.

So I ask you on her behalf, embrace the concept of her dual nature today, socialize with the people here who you would likely never have met otherwise, but who also held this great woman in high regard as you do."

Vic held his beer bottle high. "Raise your drinks in toast. To Helena, the only woman who could get this unlikely group together!"

After the crowd settled from the various callouts of 'here here' and 'to Helena' Vic looked out over the crowd. "Oh and to my regulars, don't get accustomed to the open bar today, during regular hours tonight, you bring the wallets with you!"

The crowd broke out in laughter.


About twenty minutes after the main course was served Victor got up from the table and asked Marie and Gerald to accompany him. It was the moment I had been waiting for with equal parts pride and trepidation.

"May I have your attention for a moment please?" Victor said into the microphone. "As you all probably know Helena took great pride in her faithful, some may even say devout staff and her stable of willing unpaid submissives that cared for her home, and bowed to her EVERY desire. As she neared the end she wanted to have this devotion recognized with a gift to her staff."

A pair of men brought out the enshrouded stand as Victor continued speaking. 

"Some of you may know Gerald and Marie here, as they have been in Helena's service as her aide de camps for many years, Gerald the senior butler and in charge of the grounds staff, Marie the senior maid and in charge of all other household staff. Both, as many of her other employees have, also would accompany her as submissives here and other alternative lifestyle events when her desires dictated." He turned to them and placed an arm around Marie. "If you would please accept this on behalf of your coworkers."

Gerald removed the cover to reveal the slightly larger than real life portrait of Helena from the waist up. She was wearing a jacket with her crest emblazoned over the heart, a riding crop tucked into the crook of her arm.

My concerns over the audacity of this gift were washed away as Marie dropped to her knees and kissed the ornate frame. Mistress grabbed my hand, tears welling in her eyes at the sight of Helena's staff and slaves leaving their seats to pay tribute to the painting. 

Victor returned to his seat without another word to the crowd. I knew he initially had the same concerns of Helena's egocentric megalomania that I did when she approached me about the job a few weeks ago with him present. Neither of us spoke about it to her directly, but had shared our views in the privacy of the club later that afternoon. It would seem she was right that her staff would appreciate the gift. 

"Victor it's a wonderful likeness." Mistress said

"Good enough for a commuted sentence?" Victor asked with this lopsided grin that showed he held a secret.

"Vic! Tell me you didn't get some criminal to do this."

"No, Helena hand-picked the artist, truth is she insisted on this particular fellow. When he delivered it here he told me that his primary benefactor threatened him with a month in solitary confinement if the work did not meet their approval."

"Well it is definitely impressive; I hope the benefactor recognizes the fine work... man... ship... Or is it a benefactress?" She asked with sudden understanding. 

She turned to me looking to confirm her epiphany, and I nodded in response.

"Yes it is good enough for a commuted sentence." She said to him as she continued to hold her loving gaze on me.

-----

When I got home I immediately went to my room and grabbed my collar and proceeded down to the cell and stripped out of my clothes and folded them into a neat pile. My Sandy glasses and wig placed on top. 

I had thought about lowering the chain from the ceiling and attaching it to my collar. The problem was that aside from the lights I knew nothing of the panel that controlled the cell and I didn't want to be caught exploring them either. 

I nervously waited for Mistress, rehearsing in my head the responses to what I thought Mistress would say upon her return.

When the door finally opened I dropped to my knees, bowed my head, and laid my hands palm up at my side.

After a few moments of complete silence I dared raise my head enough to see Mistress's high heels still standing in the door. 

"What makes you think your desire to stay outweighs my order for you to leave?"

"This slut read it as an option to leave Mistress; you said she 'may leave'."

"You're not helping your case by playing word games."

"Mistress, as this slut said earlier she does not want to live without you. This slut has decided if you send her away she will turn herself in to the police as Brandy Stallton and plead guilty to her crimes." I looked her in the eye before continuing. "I swear on my very soul Mistress that I will not reveal that I have been here this entire time."

Mistress gave me this look of confusion. "Why would you do that?"

"This slut does not deserve the small kindnesses you have given her already, let alone total freedom."

"IF I allow you to stay, will you do anything we ask, no discussion or complaints?"

"Absolutely Mistress. Your and Master's wishes are my commands."

She turned from the room only to return a few minutes later with a brown leather garment. She set it aside and then proceeded to remove my chastity belt. 

"Put that on, I'll be right back."

I quickly discovered the item was a garment commonly known as a 'dog-suit' or 'f-suit', a body suit with pouches for sleeves that forced the wearer to keep their arms and legs doubled over. This then makes the wearer walk on their knees and elbows. 

The particular suit that Mistress had given me featured a fully open crotch, no hood, and the limb pouches had zippered openings that could be locked when closed. 

I fished my limbs through the appropriate pouches and pulled the zipper up the back closed. 

I knelt and waited for Mistress to return. When she did come back she had changed into a pair of jean shorts and a tank top. 

"Do I really have to tell you what to do next?"

"No Mistress." I immediately went the rest of the way down to my hands and knees. 

Mistress immediately tucked my arms into their pouches and slid locks into the zipper pulls. She soon followed suit with my legs and finally locked the back zipper. 

She produced one of my old uniform ring-gags that now had a carabineer clip on either side of the ring. I opened my mouth to accept it. She slid it in my mouth and buckled the strap but did not lock it.

"Last chance to leave if... "

I vehemently shook my head no and 'kissed' her lower leg. 

"Okay hope you're really up to the challenge."

Mistress picked me up and placed me on my back and then slid a blindfold over my eyes. 

"Hello is this Megan?

Wonderful, I don't know if you remember me, but I had gone by the name Mistress Crystal a few years ago.

Yes you heard right I got married and quit the business, but not the scene mind you.

Yup my husband is my submissive, and I have another full-time sub too. She is the reason I'm calling. 

Well what I'd like to know is do you still have glory hole services at your establishment?

Oh good, what I'd like to do is offer her to you for a few weeks to work the glory holes, and you can keep the tip money.

Well I'm trying to decide if I want to keep her, and if she willingly completes the service I may keep her. She will be bound at all times while she is with you."

There was a long pause in the conversation from Mistress's side. 

"Okay you think on it. You were my first call I'm going to call other establishments also so first to accept my terms will have her for a month. 

You too, have a good evening."

I was in shock that Mistress would do this.

"I'll be back for you when we are ready to deliver you to your new employer"

My body language must have spoken volumes to Mistress. I felt her toes press into my side. "Do you have something to say?"

I turned my head away. I had a lot I wanted to say; I wanted to beg her not to do this, I didn't want to be a glory hole whore, and I didn't want to be away from her and little boy. I knew none of my opinions had any value, Mistress had her course set and no amount of wind from me would change it. 

"Oh Istress, is sloch will oo er ess ta ing hana oo or nam."

There was a pregnant pause and then I heard Mistress leave. 


There I sat on my back like a flipped turtle, in the dark. I hadn't eaten since breakfast. I had no sense of time at all. 

Perhaps I could have turned myself over, but I saw no sense in trying.

When the door finally reopened I heard the clicking of high heels. "Bad news slut, no one wanted to have you hanging around their business. I think a new game is in order, Ill drop you like this in the red light district and if you make it home, you can stay."

I panicked! I saw myself trapped in this dog-suit forever as some back alley pervert's plaything. I begged and pleaded but even I couldn't understand the words escaping the ring-gag in my mouth.

Mistress picked me up once more and turned me over. I was set astride of a soft object; a large dildo was guided into my ring-gag filling my mouth. I heard first one then the other carabineer snap shut.

I tried to lift my head but met with resistance, not just dead weight resistance either; it pulled me back and then cocked my head to the left and right. There was a living person attached to me and I was sure it was little boy. With this realization I calmed down, Mistress would never endanger him.

My lower body was raised and my cunt stretched around the fleshy rod of the man under me.

"I take it by now you've put a few things together."

The blindfold came off and I was indeed staring into little boy's eyes.

"Your Master has convinced me you should stay on with us." He rolled his eyes at that comment, which told me our Mistress was underselling her part in the decision. "Some of your restrictions will be changing for the better. At least from your point of view. We will discuss that more in-depth this coming weekend."

I heard a rustle and straps being run through buckles and knew what was coming next. My ass was lined with lube and fingers stretched it, when Mistress's strap-on pushed in I was ready and took it with almost no pain.

Mistress said nothing as she fucked my ass. The feeling of the two dicks rubbing against one another through the flesh of my nether regions was intense. When I started pumping my hips to get more movement from little boys cock Mistress pressed her hand against my lower back. "Not yet, I will tell you when you can start."

Just before I could no longer hold back my orgasm Mistress stopped with the strap-on buried in my ass. I felt the harness straps hit my sides as Mistress released herself from the device. Soon the straps were tightened, evidently matching straps were under little boy as my waist was pulled a bit closer to his own. The crotch strap that hung between my legs was also tightened down to a similar strap on little boy but it pulled to one side as if it was going down over his hip. I had already assumed he was in his sleepsack and this confirmed to me that his legs were indeed together with no openings. The strap-on's dildo was now firmly lodged in me.

Soon the upper portion of my vision was filled by Mistress's crotch as she pushed it between our foreheads. I could just make out the vibrator pumping in and out of her pussy, as her free hand rubbed her clit. Her squirting climax sprayed our faces. Little boy had just managed to close his eyes as it happened. I heard him blow air from his nose clearing his airway.

"Now slut you may feel free to fuck your master until you can't continue. Cum as often as you can. Little boy you may cum if you can. Good night my slaves."

We heard the door close and I began rolling my hips. I did not have enough movement to free myself from his erect cock, but that was not immediate in my agenda anyway.

I was soon coming down from my first orgasm, before I knew it my body as if on autopilot had started to go through the motions once more. Just as I was building to my second orgasm of the night I had a moment of clarity; Little boy had not cum at all! Mistress bragged on his staying power, especially when instructed to hold back, but he was told he was allowed to cum and had not despite the workout I had already given his cock. Just as I crossed the point where the eruption boiled through me I was sure I knew what the situation was.

When I came down from the clouds, I saw his eyes were squeezed shut. I made a noise and he looked up at me. The desperation was evident.

"Aak hang?" He looked at me confused so I tried again. "Ahk iing?" 

His eyes got wide, and he nodded his head pushing the cock protruding from his mouth up and down in my throat. Mistress's final comment of 'if he could' was the clue; she had forced a smaller cock ring on him prior to his getting hard. My guess it was one so small that he likely would not cum anytime soon, and surely it would be painful when he did. It was unlikely he would even lose his erection for quite some time after the cessation of stimulation.

After I had rode him through another mind blowing orgasm I decided little boy was in too much pain for me to continue. As we laid there I could feel his cock move inside me as if his pulse caused it vibrate on its own. Otherwise we were stock still for a good fifteen minutes when I got a shock from the dildo in my rectum. At the same moment little boy jerked to life below me, his eyes showing surprise. He began actively thrusting into me at that moment.

Suddenly the overhead speaker kicked on. "Your anal intruders are going to fire off shocks if both of you are motionless for too long. I suggest you alternate so you don't get too tired over the night. See you in the morning slaves!"

Little boy groaned through his gag. This was going to be a long night for us both, but especially for him. 

I hoped Mistress was teasing about leaving us like this all night, I doubt either of us will be able to last that long.

-----

I smiled as I watched my husband repeatedly lift his ass off the ground to drive his manhood into our slave.

I wondered what had gone through slut's head tonight, the playing as if I was going to whore her out to brothels and now the fucking 'all night'. She will probably welcome the return of her chastity belt to protect her sore cunt.

Although some of tonight's elaborate practical joke on the slut were part of our brainstorming on the way home, others such as the shocks were wholly my idea, and little boy had been completely unaware of them.

I figure another half hour of this and they will both be too exhausted to fuck anymore. At that point I will free them and bring them to bed. Now I just need to decide if slut will spend the night with us in bed or in her own room.

~End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:          Loraspa6


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





