BDSM Library - Helga's Hydronic Torture Machine




Helga's Hydronic Torture Machine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is set in the realm of Extreme Toyland / Extreme Dolls in which mistress Lisa produces extreme bdsm torture content for her web sites and private pleasure. Lisa's associate Rachel works on a notorious request on the Extreme Dolls web site. The request offers a ton of cash for a model willing to undergo an extreme sexual torture scene administered by a computer-controlled machine.






Helga's Hydronic Torture Machine
by DolorDelectatio

Synopsis: this story is set in the realm of Extreme Toyland / Extreme Dolls in which mistress Lisa produces extreme bdsm torture content for her web sites and private pleasure. Lisa's associate Rachel works on a notorious request on the Extreme Dolls web site. The request offers a ton of cash for a model willing to undergo an extreme sexual torture scene administered by a computer-controlled machine. 


-----
Chapter One: The contract
-----

Since the massive success of Extreme Toyland, Lisa launched a spin-off called Extreme Dolls. ET was now a premium service with exclusive content featuring Lisa herself and her live-in toys. Extreme Dolls on the other hand, was a commercial service paying top dollar for extreme bdsm content featuring paid models. Since Lisa wanted to dedicate her full attention to Extreme Toyland, she had put Mistress Rachel in charge of Extreme Dolls. 

The concept was a simple matchmaking service. Extreme Toyland subscribers were asked to post their fantasies and scene requests on the web site, along with a cash offer they'd be willing to pay to see their scene acted out. These postings were then turned into job offerings for anyone who would like to act out said fantasy for an X amount of cash. Basically, an "Extreme Doll"&nbsp; was a female sub who got a kick out of undergoing/fulfilling someone's depraved sadistic sexual fantasies. Of course the models had to be female and over eighteen, but that was really the only restriction, since ET Productions covered travel costs as well.

On the table today was an contract intake for production #4. It had been up on the site for quite a while without response, much to the dismay of its poster, Mistress Helga Sanguine, a filthy rich French sadistica who offered to pay a whopping 75.000 Euros for it. She had been in regular contact over the past year to inquire about the status of her request, even increasing the compensation fee to 100k. Eventually production had moved on every other request up to #67, but about #4 they had to disappoint her every single time. Until now. Everyone thought it was a joke when an application did come in, but it turned out to be very real. 

Rachel pressed the 'rec' button on her camera and sat across the table from her guests. Directly in front of her sat a girl in her early twenties, a few feet away from her was an older man. The grey-haired man, who was sharply dressed in a dark suit with a blue tie, had requested to stay off camera and not be interviewed. He was the one who contacted Extreme Dolls about this production. 

Just moments ago he had informed Rachel -off the record- that the girl, Rosie, had signed a five year contract to be his property when she was eighteen. Now since last August, she desperately wanted out, as soon as possible. With a year-and-a-half of the contract still remaining, she owed him about the same amount of money as the compensation for this production, by his estimates. So he offered her a way out: do the production, hand over the money and you're free to leave. 

He'd been training her specifically for certain requirements of the production and felt that she should be able to take it now. He negotiated into the contract that all aftercare and subsequent expenses from this production were to be taken care of by Extreme Dolls, not by him. He was also not to be mentioned in the interview; they made up a 'cover story' about the girl's master passing away recently.

Ever since the two came in, Rachel had thought their dynamic was off. The girl looked nervous, scared, but also excited at the same time. She had all the reason to be. To be scared, anyway. This was her intake interview to become a 'Extreme Doll' for production #4, one of the most extreme sexual torture experiments ever written down. 

Before she started, Rachel took a good look at the girl at the other side of the table. She looked very well groomed with perfect hair and flawless skin. Her long, straight bright red hair framed her heart-shaped face with a strong jaw line, big, voluptuous lips, a delicate nose and perfectly symmetrical big, almond-shaped green eyes. Her make-up was sparse and elegant, aimed at bringing out her big eyes. She was dressed in a tight black v-neck top that revealed a gold necklace as well as considerable cleavage. 

"Today is Thursday January 24, 2013. Please state your name," Rachel started the interview. 

"Natusia Rosalia Niemec, 'Rosie' in short," the girl replied with a wide smile. 

"Age and date of birth?"

"I am 22. I was born July 5th, 1990."

"Please give me your photo ID to confirm," Rachel asked. 

The girl handed Rachel her passport for confirmation. Rachel opened it and confirmed the name and date of birth.&nbsp; She held the passport up to the camera and also noticed the girl's bright blonde hair on her passport photo. 

"Is this your natural hair color?" Rachel asked, pointing at the photograph. 

"Yes I am a blonde naturally," Rosie replied, "But.." she looked over to her master and stopped.

"You are aware that the production will require you to bleach it again?"

"Yes, this is no problem."

"Now I will verify some of the physical requirements for this production. Please undress and stand up straight for the camera."

As Rosie undressed from her jeans and top, Rachel picked up a measuring tape and inspected the girl in front of her from head to toe.

"Damn," she thought to herself, "what a body. She might indeed fit these crazy requirements. Plenty of scars on her body too."

When Rosie's bra and panties were gone, she addressed the girl again, directing her against the wall for a height measurement and on the scale for her weigh-in. After that, she measured breast- waist and thigh circumference and the girl's cup size. In addition, she measured Rosie's head dimensions and several distances between points on the girl's torso. Last, she carefully measured the dimensions of Rosie's pelvis. When she was done, she told the girl to sit down again. 

"So let's go over this. The height requirement for this production is that you are at least 5'5" tall but no taller than 6'. At 5'11" you are pushing it, dear. Weight is fine at 110 lbs. Now for the bust: it needs to be over 34 inches and at 36.5 you're doing fine there. Nice D-cup as well, which is preferred but not required. I notice that your breasts are sagging slightly. That's natural for their size, but I have to ask if you have been suspended from your tits before?"

"Yes, I have." Looking off-camera at her master, she added: "I have been hanged like that a lot over the years."

"And they are completely natural?"

"Yes."

Rachel paused for a second and stared back and forth between her sheet and the girl in front of her. 

"Your waist is tiny, just 22 inches. How did you get it like that?"

"I started corset training when I was 14," Rosie said. My mother is a corset enthusiast and she infected me at an early age. I like getting it smaller and my master, um," She paused, glancing over at the man next to her again, who did not approve of her mentioning her in the present tense, as his facial expression clearly indicated. Rosie corrected herself immediately: "um, former master, he liked seeing me in tight corsets."

"Well, good for you. under 23" is exactly what we need, so that's perfect. That's it for the outer measurements. Now I need to make sure that your insides match up as well. But before we get to that, please address the camera and state what you know the requirements to be."

"What do you mean exactly?"

"Do you know what sizes of objects will be used inside your cunt, ass and mouth, per the production's description?"

Rosie took a second to think, closed her eyes for a moment and then looked straight into the camera and said: "The model will be fitted with stretching tubes to keep her cunt, ass and mouth open. The machine will penetrate these holes with objects no longer than 18 inches. That is what we just talked about, before, right?" She giggled a little.

"18 inches is pretty damn extreme," Rachel responded. "Especially considering those stretching tubes are 4 inches long and 2.5 inches in diameter. 18 inches is almost 46 centimeters. I take it you must be pretty experienced with object insertion if that doesn't scare the shit out of you?!"

"It scares me for my mouth," Rosie replied. "But I have been training it very well for the past six months for this production. I have worked hard. I brought my training dildo, so I can show you if you have doubts."

"Please do."

Rosie got up from her chair and walked over to the luggage that she brought. Within moments, she produced a long, flexible black dildo and a tube of lube.&nbsp; 

"This is 16 inches long and 2 inches thick," she said. "I'm not afraid of slightly bigger. Can I go on the couch?"

"Sure," Rachel said and she picked up the camera to keep filming Rosie on the couch. 

With a little help from the lube, Rosie had little trouble fitting the enormous dildo inside her pussy. It didn't take her long to make the full 16 inches disappear. After Rachel gave her a nod of approval, Rosie went on her knees and started fingering her asshole, lubing it up in preparation for the big black invader. 

Rachel was surprised how fast Rosie's fingers disappeared inside her ass. Before she knew it, her whole fist was going in and plopping out in a rhythmic motion. She was certainly well-trained at this. Her master nodded in approval from a distance.

The dildo proved no problem for Rosie's rear entrance, as she was able to fuck the whole thing in within a minute or so. She continued to slide it all the way in and then pulling it all the way out, creating a nice pink gape at first, but working it up to a nice prolapse in minutes. Rachel was enjoying this little show, maybe a little too much, and almost forgot that there was business to attend to. Eventually she asked Rosie to demonstrate her third hole. 

Apparently the girl had no trouble with ass-to-mouth. She slid the long invader out of her ass, giggled as she farted a little and turned around, facing the camera again. She tilted her head back and stuck her tongue out of her mouth, which was spread open as far as it could. 

This feat cost Rosie considerably more effort than the previous insertions. While the first few inches of the thick dildo were easily pushed through her mouth into her throat, it cost her a lot of work to get it past her gag reflex. Slowly but surely, though, she managed to get inch by inch in, choking and drooling as she pushed it deeper, pulled it out, took a breath and plunged it in again. After a minute or two, her head was red and tears rolled down her cheeks, but she managed to get the whole thing down except for the end that she was holding. Rachel was surprised and impressed. 

"Wow, you really did it! To be honest, I was kind of skeptical about it at first, since this is pretty specific and I'd never heard of you before. Most people with this kind of talent post videos online on xhamster and the likes." Both girls made their way back to the table where the interview started, continuing the conversation. 

"That's where I learned that this is possible. I watched Dirtygardengirl and Hotkinkyjo for the first time years ago, and I just wanted to be able to do the same things."

"And you did all this by yourself?" 

"No, my master passed away six months ago and I really started the dildo training after that. He was more into making me suffer intense pain than filling me up."

"I'm sorry to hear about your master."

"Thank you, even though he was a very cruel man, I miss him very much. He was twice my age, but he understood what I needed. Except for this machine fantasy. I have been looking at it since it was posted and it always tingled my spine, you know?"

Rachel felt that that statement wasn't completely sincere considering the circumstances. But then again, you never know. She'd been surprised before about the juxtaposition of physical beauty and depraved behavior. She'd seen her share of stunning girls actually enjoying sick shit, while growing up she always thought that the prettiest girls were soft, nice, P.C. vanilla beings. Lisa had taught her to "never settle for less" and "go after your fantasy slut--they do exist." She continued the interview:

"So you have had pain training as well?" 

"Master used me as his pain toy for the past four years, but that was not the first time my body was used in that way. When I was still living at home with my parents, I would try and find ways to give pain to myself. Hot wax, cigarette burns, spanking my breasts, that is what I liked. I have been a masochist as long as I can remember."

"So let's go over some of the details of this production that you're up for," Rachel said, grabbing the contract that was for Rosie to sign later on. 

"Now for the record, we have been over these before, so you can just answer these questions with 'yes' or 'no' unless you have any urgent questions."

"Okay."

"Do you consent to the following to be performed during your upcoming production #4 with Extreme Dolls?

1. Total body immobilization including a harness for the torso, breasts and head as well as suspension of arms and legs with hooks at up to eight points in your skin?"

"Yes,"

"2. Temporary subcutaneous implantation of silicone tubes and stainless steel materials in your full body for the duration of the production?"

"What is this subcutaneous implantation?"

"It means we can pierce you and put stuff under your skin."

"Like needles?"

"Yes, and bigger things like skewers, rods, tubes, that kind of stuff."

Rosie hesitated and looked over at her master, who mouthed "Yes!" to her and nodded his head.

"um..., yes that is ok if it's temporary," she eventually replied.

"Let me ask the question again then, Do you consent to: 2. Temporary subcutaneous implantation of silicone tubes and stainless steel materials for the duration of the production?"

"Yes."

"3. Intimate and extended contact with (A) electrical current, (B) fire and (C) fluids and materials of temperatures up to their boiling or melting point, limited to your full torso?"

"Yes, not my head, arms or legs. Yes."

"Ok. Do you consent to: 4. (A) Injection with saline, irritants, acids and the likes limited to your full torso?"

"Yes."

"And to: 4. (B) Injection with Modafinil prior to the production to keep you alert and awake and lessen the chance of passing out?"

"Yes, that is ok."

"Now the last few: 5. Do you consent to being penetrated individually or simultaneously vaginally, orally and/or anally with various objects no bigger in size than 18 inches by 2.5 inches"

"Yes."

"Do you consent to: 6. The use of ammonium carbonate to resuscitate you in case you do pass out during production?"

"Yes."

"Okay, the last one: 7. Do you understand that the production will certainly leave visible marks, bruises and scars on and inside your body, specifically your torso, breasts and genitalia? Do you consent to this outlook?"

"Yes I do."

"Perfect! Now please let me document your existing injuries and scars for our records."

"What do you mean exactly? I have many."

"Well, we like to document your body before the production and we will do it again afterwards to see what impact it has had. It's just for our own records. I will just film it and ask some questions."

Rachel picked up the camera and told Rosie to stand up with her hands above her head, against the wall. 

"Your back is full of stripes and welts. The scars seem old. Also there are scars near your shoulder blades. Tell me about them."

"Those scars on my upper back are probably from suspension hooks. I've been suspended many times before. The welts are from caning and whipping. Master loved making my back bleed."

Rachel moved her camera down, inspecting Rosie's lower back and tight ass. 

"Same for your ass, huh? How about those dots?"

"Hot skewers, they leave scars all the time."

"Turn around."

Rachel closely inspected Rosie's large tits with equally large nipples, then her pubic area. "Same here for the dots?"

"Yes, there are many."

"Well, that's it then! One more thing. Your compensation. Do you agree to undergo and perform all actions limited only by the fullest extent of the earlier mentioned consent restrictions for a compensation of 100,000 euros and one DVD featuring the video recordings of the production?"

Rosie's mouth fell open. She couldn't believe the number she was hearing. 

"100.000??! I thought it was 75k? That's what it said on the web site?"

The deal has changed a little. The client has requested a private session, not for commercial use. She has agreed to pay more and 100k goes to you. But it also means that the video will remain private. Is that a problem for you?"

"No, not at all. I am happy about the money. It was a big reason for me to do this now master is gone. I don't have a lot of money. I wanted to do this for the challenge but also for the money. I am happy with it. 

"Good. Then please sign the document and consider this production a 'go'." Rachel closed the four-page document and handed it to Rosie, who was still naked and sat down quickly across from her. She also pushed a pen towards the young woman, who quickly signed all four pages of her contract.

Rachel stopped the recording of the camera and told Rosie: "You can get dressed again and then I'll take you to your guest room. Production will be in exactly one week. You can relax until then, but you are not allowed to engage in any sexual activi..."

The man rudely interrupted Rachel when the camera was turned off: "So when will I see my money? That's all I care about at this point."

Rachel looked at him with disgust, but managed enough of a smile not to totally offend this client. 

"You know the money's in escrow, sir," she said. "It will be released to you as soon as production is done."

"If I'm going to leave this piece of shit here, I'm going to need an advance right now!"

"Please calm down sir, I can arrange a release of 10% right now if you want," Rachel said. She was bluffing a little, cause she didn't like his attitude. She had the option to release up to 20% with the girl staying there, but disliked him enough to start lower."

"15!"

"12.5 is the most I can do, honestly."

"Then get it done!"

As Rachel took care of the last business Rosie had with this man, the girl put away her dildo and got dressed again. She was relieved to be finally done with him and to be going away from him, but was anxious about the coming week as the reality of the situation set in.


-----
Chapter Two: The apprentice of Helga Sanguine
-----

On Thursday morning a minivan and a truck drove up to Lisa's mansion. It was just before 11 am, and Rachel was awaiting Helga Sanguine and her production crew to set up shop for their production. They'd driven up from the north of France, so they must have departed early that morning.

A very noticeable woman and two nondescript men emerged from the vehicles and made their way up to the doorway. Once there, they introduced themselves to Rachel.

"Good morning," the woman started. "My name is Angela and I am here on behalf of Miss Sanguine. This is Frederic and this is Yves. They are my production crew." 

Rachel shook their hands. She expected a French accent, which she got from the men, but the woman sounded British.

"She looks like a vampire," she thought to herself. 

Angela had pale, almost translucent skin, raven-black long hair, dark red lips and piercing green eyes, framed by excessive but elegant makeup. Big eyeliner and shades of dark blue to black covered her eyelids to her thin eyebrows. Her round face was further accentuated by a small and pointy nose. She couldn't be more than 25 years old. She was dressed boldly in a flamboyant Oxford blue corset dress with electric crimson highlights. In her left hand was a small briefcase. 

"Hi, I'm Rachel. Welcome to Extreme Toyland and Extreme Dolls. I was expecting Miss Sanguine herself. Is she not coming?"

"She will not be coming. She does not want her face to be known, even though she is very grateful that this production has been picked up. She values her privacy very much and has delegated the task of this production to me."

"That's unfortunate, but understandable. We value discretion very much," Rachel said.

"Because of her absence, we are going to record tonight's session with an additional set of cameras, to make sure we capture all the action. The machine itself has plenty of small cameras as well, maybe even in places where you wouldn't expect them. It has three mounted cameras for the subject's face of course. One straight on and two from each side, The breast harness area is covered by cameras on each side as well as two at the top and two at the bottom. Two cameras capture the abdominal area and for her pelvic harness there are two from the side, one wide view from the top and one from the floor&nbsp; and in addition to that another close-up for her clit and urethra. To top it off, all insertables also have tiny cameras and lights in them."

"How are you going to keep track of all that?!" Rachel wondered out loud. 

"We have two computers for that. They process all signals simultaneously. For tonight, we will have three live feeds projected at a time. The machine decides which camera to show based on the progress of the program."

"It seems like you have everything covered. What do you need from us?" 

"I would like to have one personal assistant who can help me quickly find things around here. Also I will need your crew to just do their jobs tonight like they would with any other production. Lights, camera, sound, the whole thing. They need to coordinate with Yves."

Angela produced a stack of papers from her briefcase and rummaged through them.

"Very well," Rachel replied. "I will oversee in general from our end. I will have someone sent to production to assist you. "

Rachel whipped out her cell phone and called a number. 

"Hey Clau, the people for production are here. You'll be their assistant for today, please come down now."

Some silence as she listened to the other side. 

"No, no.... That will be fine. Just keep it and come down..... Okay?! What?! No, I'll get him out in a bit, just come down now, ok? Ok, Buhbye."

She put her phone away and looked at Angela, who seemed to have found what she was looking for. 

"Would you like to set up immediately?" Rachel asked.

"Yes, please show us where we can unload our equipment, so my boys can start prepping for tonight."

 She handed one of the sheets from the briefcase to Rachel. 

"Here's our production schedule for today. Do you see any problems with it that we should correct now?"

Rachel looked at the schedule. The only things of importance to her were subject prep and production start, which were at 6pm and 8:30pm respectively. 

"No, it looks fine," she said. "If there's any changes, just let me know."

Clicks of heels came down the wide stairs of the reception hall as Claudia walked down.

Claudia&nbsp; recently found her niche as one of Lisa's escort mistresses at the mansion, specializing in whips, canes, CBT and temperature play. As an escort mistress, she was pretty low on the food chain in Lisa's house, required to also perform series of odd jobs like today's assistant position. 

She was a slender young German woman in her early twenties with tanned skin, black hair and brown eyes. She was dressed only in minuscule pieces of tight black latex. Gloves ran up her arms to her elbows, a tiny latex tube top struggled to contain her breasts and a mini-skirt barely covered her ass. She wore knee-high boots with high heels to complete her very revealing outfit. Her hair was tied in a high pony tail and she wore heavy makeup on her face. 

"I apologize for my gear," she muttered to everyone. "Last night's session ran out a little and I didn't have time to change."

"My name is Angela. You look great.... I like eye candy." Angela said with a wink and a smile. "You'll have time to change later. What session was that anyway?"

"I have a customer still tied up upstairs. He kept authorizing his credit card, so I didn't send him away yet. " Turning to Rachel, she added: "Please make sure that he is taken care of. He's a regular and he's nice."

"Sure," Rachel said. "Please show Angela and her crew to the production space. Get them anything they need. You'll be assisting them throughout the day. Here's the schedule."

Claudia nodded and led the guests outside and to the loading dock at the production space. 


-----
Chapter Three: Preparation
-----

While Rosie was being prepped by Angela for tonight's session, the tech guys were running some final tests and routines on the machine.&nbsp; They were mainly checking camera signals and hydraulics, making sure all winches, gears and pressure systems worked. They also checked on all the injectables, fluids and the likes to make sure the machine had enough of each. 

Rachel watched carefully what was happening and took this chance to examine the machine up close. 

The machine was mounted in a large metal frame that was about 12 feet long, 6 feet wide and 8 feet high. Everything about it was painted black. Part of he machinery could be lowered all the way to the floor to allow the breast harness and pelvic harness to be bolted to it. The subject in the harness would then be raised to operating height by several winches and hydraulic systems. 

On this operating height the machine featured some heavy machinery. Starting at the side where the subject's head would probably be, the top of the machine showed fluid containers, various tubes and cables. But the most noticeable was a wide pipe that almost hung horizontal. It was about 4 inches long and had small hooks at one end all around its circumference. Lined up on the same side was a modified hydraulic machine with at its end an enormous rubber dildo on a metal rod. The dildo was aligned perfectly with the pipe. 

Not too far to the left from all this was an intricate contraption consisting of several metal plates dotted with tons of holes. Aligned with these holes were dozens of razor sharp hollow pins and needles, which had plastic tubes attached to them.&nbsp; The pins aligned both from left and right and also from the top down. As the techs ran their tests, Rachel saw the plates moving closer and apart, up and down. All of the needles seemed to be able to move simultaneously and independently on little robotic arms. At the center of this part of the machine were two bars hanging down with eyelets that the breast harness was to be bolted to. 

Further down the frame hung more tubes and wires from boxes at the top and, a little further than the mounting point for the pelvic harness, of course the very prominent fucking machines that would be aligned with the subject's pussy and asshole.&nbsp; There seemed to be one dildo on the bottom machine: a large and long rock solid black one with metal wire threaded over its surface.&nbsp; Rachel saw it thrusting back and forth, slow and brutally fast.&nbsp; 

The top machine had three objects mounted on a rod; the machine was able to switch between them at will, apparently. For the test, the machine cycled through them in order: a similar rubber dildo to the one on the bottom machine, second a thick stick that would best be described as a mega toilet brush with sturdy plastic hairs standing up over its full 18" length, and lastly the most perverse and intriguing one. Rachel watched it in awe as she saw the thick metal tube move slowly back and forth, then halt at full extension to reveal that&nbsp; little hollow needles were slowly or quickly pushed out through dozens of holes in its surface.&nbsp; Somehow the needles could be retracted as well and the tube continued its fucking motion. 

Also hanging down in this area was a curious flexible arm-like setup with three instruments on a cross-shaped head that was spinning around slowly. Rachel watched the arm as it moved up and down and contorted in various positions. The cross-shaped head was connected to a plastic tube and some wires from above and it looked like it at least had one sharp hollow needle, a thick metal pin and lastly an automated alligator clamp that opened and closed slowly as the test ran. Whatever the purpose of this arm was, it's movement seemed to concentrate on a fixed point, regardless of what side of the instrument's head was pointing down. 

Along the full length of the machine there were steel cables hanging from winches at various intervals. There was so much going on that Rachel felt dizzy trying to remember all she'd just seen. 

She glanced back to the other side of the machine as Rosie , who just finished her elaborate stage-prep, was escorted to the production stage. She looked nervous as her eyes darted around the room, centering on the big machine in front of her. She wore heavy make-up and her hair was bleached blonde again. Her body was stunning, looking even more spectacular with her oiled skin glistening in the studio light. Her magnificent tits were tied separately into bulging orbs that already had a nice shade of purple. 

Also reflecting the light were her many fresh piercings that were required for this session, and of course the PEX silicone tubing around her body. The tubes formed three separate circuits for radiant heating: one around her tits, one on her abs and one on the back of her thighs. 

Between her bulging tits ran two tubes from top to bottom, just an inch apart, starting just under her collarbones on each side, down until just inches below her bulging tits, weaving in and out of her skin a couple of times. On both ends where the tubes came up out of her skin, they were fitted with an elbow connector, ready to be connected to the machine.

She also sported brass six-port manifolds on both sides of her abs, with more of the clear plastic tubing running horizontal between the ports on each side. The top three and bottom three tubes ran under her skin for at least four inches (above and below her bellybutton) before popping up again right in front of the connector ports on each side. Small pierced rings kept them securely in place, as did bigger rings with the manifolds. Two loose tubes hung from the manifolds: top right and bottom left. The opposing end of each manifold was closed off with a plug.

In addition to this elaborate network of silicone heating tubes, Rosie also sported a lot of fresh piercings in other parts of her body, including her face. Her lips were both pierced with rings, evenly spaced along their width. Her upper lip had 4 rings, the bottom one featured an extra ring in the middle, that also went through the tip of her tongue, keeping it in place for the production.

Further down her body, she had plenty of stuff going on as well. Her inner labia were pierced with a dozen or so small rings and her outer labia each featured a pretty thick rod through them from top to bottom. She also had two fairly thick bars above and below her clitoris. As far as her limbs went, she had hooks with gapes in her arms and legs: a hook just between her hand and her wrist, then another halfway between wrist and elbow and yet another halfway between elbow and shoulder. In her legs the hooks were just above her knees and in front of the middle of her shins.

On the back of her thighs up to the lower end of her buttocks, there was more PEX tubing on and under her skin. Like on her abs, the tubing was running largely under Rosie's&nbsp; skin with brass multiport manifolds connecting the tubes into a radiant heating circuit. 

She had just received her dose of Modafinil and was now about to be secured to the machine. There were several parts of her body that were about to be connected directly to it: a pelvic harness and breast harness that were both part of a larger torso harness, a separate head harness and in addition to that, her arms and legs would be suspended in a 10-point hook/gape setup. 

Rachel looked at the body harness. It consisted of three pieces that would be bolted together. First there was a custom-cast part that would lock around Rosie's pelvis. It was made out of steel and was used to keep two tubes in place: one for her cunt and one for her ass. They were designed to keep her holes stretched open at all times. And the stretch was quite massive: the tubes that matched the holes in the pelvic harness were of 2.5" diameter. At 4 inches in length, they did not invade incredibly deep, but it was more than enough to put strain on any cunt and especially an asshole. The harness also featured two extensions left and right that would be used to bolt it to the machine.

Rosie had to step into the bottom part, the "underwear" if you will, her skinny legs had some room to spare, but otherwise it was a very tight fit, as was to be expected from a custom-cast piece based upon last week's measurements. Mistress Angela guided the tubes up Rosie's lubed cunt and ass, slowly pushing them in and pulling the metal frame up, tightening it automatically around the girl's pelvis. It took some effort, but it fit in the end.

The rings in her freshly pierced labia were connected to tiny hooks around the opening of the cunt tube, stretching her inner pussy lips around the sides of the pelvic harness. Her outer labia, featuring the fairly thick and long rod piercings, were just dangling to the sides. 

Just above the cunt hole and tube was a locking mechanism to secure the two bars that were just pierced above and below the girl's clit. It was stretched upward and locked into place, exposing Rosie's clitoris and also her urethra, which quickly received a thick-ended sounding rod. Angela didn't take long to slide it in and out and in, burying at least three quarters of its 8-inch length inside the girl's urinal tract. The exposed part featured a banana jack connector that remained unused for now. 

Next came the middle part of the harness. This was more of a wireframe. It was to be connected to the "underwear" in two parts, one on the front and one on the back. All around at the top, it measured exactly 22 inches all around, in accordance with Rosie's waist measurement. First Angela bolted the front and back part around Rosie's waist, then she bolted the wireframes to the pelvic harness, tightening everything really well together. The wireframe fit like a glove, albeit a tight one. It was a cross between a swimsuit and a chastity belt. The top ran just above the topmost PEX tubing on Rosie's stomach, so the harness did not interfere with it.

With the first two parts of the harness locked tight around Rosie's body, Angela had the girl lie down on her back, on top of a small, rubber-topped trolley that could easily be wheeled around under the machine. It was time to fit the second-to-last harness, the one for her bound breasts. 

Tied very tightly at their base, Rosie's breasts stood on top of her chest like purple bulging pumpkins. Her big nipples stood erect on top. Angela produced a metal plate with two holes in them. Apparently the plate could be disassembled into two parts. One part went around Rosie's bound tits from the bottom, the other from the top. Three long rods ran all the way through both parts on the right and left side and also right between her breasts. Bolts were used on both ends of those rods to tighten the parts together. The holes in the plate barely fit around the base of Rosie's bound tits, crushing them even more than they already were. 

Last to be put on the girl before she could be secured to the machine was the head harness. The tight leather hood left enough room for Rosie's high ponytail. It also had holes for her eyes and nose, but other than that, it fitted very tightly around her head, secured with many tight leather straps. Earphones were placed in Rosie's ears before the hood went on her head. 

Rosie was already drooling a lot because her tongue was pierced against her lower lip. Angela used the saliva to lubricate the plastic tube that was about to go in Rosie's mouth. She made Rosie open up wide and slowly pushed the 4x2.5" tube between her teeth and&nbsp; into the girl's mouth and throat, stretching her lips obscenely around it. 

Within a minute all eight rings from Rosie's lips were secured to little hooks on the outer edge of the plastic tube in her mouth, making it impossible for the girl to push the tube out of her mouth. Another wide leather strap with a big hole was fitted to her head harness; it served as a back stop for the tube as well, keeping it relentlessly in place. 

With the head harness in place as well, Angela was ready to connect Rosie to the machine. 

The first part to be connected was the pelvic harness. One of the tech guys lowered the machine's mounting point for the pelvic harness to just above Rosie. Angela used three thick bolts and nuts to secure the pelvic harness. It was really a simple setup. The connection points aligned perfectly. The only thing she needed to do was roll Rosie a little forward on her low trolley. 

Next was the breast harness, which lined up nicely with the metal plate setup from the machine. A few nuts and bolts later, this part was also tightly secured. Now was the time to lift Rosie by her torso harness. The machine slowly lifted her up by her pelvis and breasts, putting enormous strain on her tied tits in the process. 

When the girl was hanging in place, Angela first connected all 10 wires to keep Rosie's legs and arms up to the hook/gape combos in her body. One of the tech guys individually pulled her limbs up to where they needed to be, while Angela made sure the head harness was properly secured to the machine, including the wires from her earphones, which were connected to a jack extension on the machine. 

There were just a few more things to take care of before program #1 could be run on Rosie. 

Angela devoted her attention to Rosie's pubic area while her tech Yves connected the tubing from the machine to the PEX tubes on Rosie's abs, thighs and between her tits, creating three closed circuits for radiant heating. 

In Rosie's pubic area, Angela squirted a liberal amount of lube into both the tube up the girl's pussy and ass. She also put a screw-on clamp on Rosie's clitoris. It pulled the exposed sensitive spot up and out. The clamp was secured in a frame, keeping it in a fixed position, and received a black electrical lead through a banana jack. Another black&nbsp; lead was connected to the sounding rod in her urethra. 

With those last plugs in, everything was connected and ready for production. Angela and her techs cleared everything that was not needed anymore away from the room and took their places behind their laptops. Yves monitored the machine's internal camera systems, while Frederic managed the other tech stuff. Angela was in charge of the running programs that would soon torture their subject. She would also use a microphone to speak to her subject. Rosie still had a minute to breathe easy, so to speak, even though she was already very uncomfortable and her body was straining against her bonds. 

-----
Chapter Four: Production
-----

Rachel and Claudia were the only ones from ED who were allowed to watch live in the room as the production started. Their eyes were glued to the three big projected video feeds on one of the walls. The projectors now showed a close-up of Rosie's face, her bound purple tits and her pelvic harness with her dilated pussy, stretched clit and the rod in her urethra. 

The fixed cameras of Extreme Dolls' own production studio were also recording everything that happened outside the machine, including every move by Angela, Yves and Frederic. 

"This is a final sound test. Blink three times if you can hear me well,"
Angela said into her microphone. 

On the big projector, Rosie's eyes both slowly blinked three times in a row. The production room was silent, except for the low humming of the machine. 

"Time to get started! Let's first pump those tits up to a proper size!" Angela&nbsp; laughed. 

The humming sound of the machine was broken by wheezing and clicking of motorized parts. Around Rosie's chest harness, several long needles started moving. The machine was aligning them and slowly three needles were pushed towards each of the girl's bulging purple tits. 

The needles, each about four inches in length, were approaching from different sides: one was aligned to enter straight from the top, basically going through Rosie's nipples down deep into her tits while the other needles were coming from the sides. 

Even though the thick hollow injection needles had very sharp tips, they dented&nbsp; Rosie's stretched skin a little before sliding slowly but steadily into her bound breasts. The needle aligned with her left nipple went straight down through it, while the other nipple was a near hit: the needle slid in just next through the swollen nub. 

Rosie let out a long, low moan as all six needles sank deep inside her breasts. 

"Yes," Angela exclaimed, "moan, cry and scream as much as you desire. I will have the machine plug your throat if it gets too much! Just like this!"

With a keystroke on her laptop, the huge dildo aligned with Rosie's mouth started moving forward, slowly inching down the tube that was secured inside the girl's mouth.&nbsp; The flexible dildo was easily 14 inches long, but it didn't go all the way just yet. After about half of it disappeared inside, and Rosie was choking on the invader in her throat, the movement stopped. Angela kept it on place for a good eight to ten seconds before hitting another keystroke, which basically pulled the whole dildo back out to starting position in a split second.&nbsp; Rosie coughed and wheezed as much as the tube in her mouth allowed her to. 

As the oral invader distracted from the needles, Rosie's breasts were slowly growing in size. The machine was steadily pumping a saline fluid into Rosie's tits. Starting at their deepest penetration, the needles were distributing the fluid steadily as the machine pumped the fluids in and pulled the needles slowly out. With the three needles in each breast, the machine accomplished a pretty even distribution of the saline solution all around. 

"Your titties will be pumped up nicely over the next few minutes," Angela informed Rosie through the microphone. "The machine needs them super big for what's coming later, so it's injecting 500cc's of saline all around. Can you feel the burn already? Your skin will be ready to pop once all that fluid is in! Let's see if the other penetration machines work while we wait for your tits!"

Angela used her laptop again and with two keystrokes, the massive dildos aligned with Rosie's exposed pussy and ass started moving forward. These dildos were not nearly as flexible as the one for her mouth.&nbsp; They faced no opposition as they easily slid through the tubes that kept Rosie's pussy and ass gaping open. 

Two of the three projectors in the production room switched to a new view: dildo-view. All dildos on the machine were fitted with small cameras and lights inside the head. Right now the lights and cameras were on and the projector showed the dildos approaching Rosie's stretched and lubed pink holes. 

Almost half of the enormous wire-covered dildos slowly disappeared inside her body before the machine stopped and left them in place. Rosie moaned through her tube and Angela took this cue to slam the throat dildo back into place. In a split second, half of it disappeared between Rosie's overstretched lips and into her throat. 

"Aww now look at that," Angela cooed. "Three holes plugged at the same time."

As the throat dildo plunged into place, the projector that was showing the injection process on Rosie's tits switched to a close-up of her eyes. It showed panic, fear and pain at the same time, tears already rolling down. 

"Oh girl,"&nbsp; Angela comforted her, "this is just the beginning. Those rods have not even gone fully in. Let me show you what it feels like to have one of them pushed to the hilt. Maybe then you can imagine what's still ahead of us tonight."

With the press of a button the long dildo in Rosie's pussy inched forward, until it fully disappeared into the tube that was stretching her pussy open. Rosie's eyes rolled back in her head as even the last few inches of the brutal monster dildo were pushed in. After a few seconds, the machine started a slow fucking motion, pulling half of the dildo out and then thrusting it back in with a rhythmic motion. 

Rosie was choking on the long dildo down her throat. She couldn't breathe and panic got the best of her. She was thrashing her arms and legs, but to no avail as they were simply suspended from the machine. She barely had any room to move them. 

After twenty seconds or so, the full length of the oral dildo was pulled out, covered with saliva and mucus. Rosie tried to catch her breath again, her pussy still brutally violated by the thick black dildo. It continued for at least another two minutes before it came to a stop, fully pulled out. 

"Almost done with your tits, dear," Angela said. Only 75 cc's to go on both and then we can start the real fun. Let's clean out your pussy while we wait, okay?" She pressed more keys on her laptop. 

The machine started buzzing and the dildo which had just delved into the deepest depths of Rosie's pussy and womb was exchanged with another; the one resembling a toilet brush. It aligned perfectly with Rosie's open pussy and slowly moved in, inch by inch. 

It seemed like it met no resistance whatsoever, but inside, Rosie felt like her pussy was turned inside out and scraped with a rake. When it was halfway inserted, the machine started a steady fuck with the brush dildo. 

The sturdy bristles scrubbed the walls of Rosie's vagina and put her insides on fire. Fear overtook the pain as she imagined what would come later. Surely this sadistic machine was going to fuck both her pussy and ass hard and deep with this kind of dildo. She didn't know what kind of dildo this was, it just felt like a cheese grater was dragged through her pussy and her tits were doused with fire. 

All of a sudden a loud clicking sound emerged from the machine.&nbsp; The injection needles had deposited their 500 cc's of saline, inflating Rosie's already bulging tits to cartoonesque proportions.&nbsp; Their color looked like a cross between purple and glassy grey.&nbsp; The clicking noise came from the two plates dotted with small holes that Rachel had inspected earlier. They moved closer together, until they touched Rosie's inflated tits between them. Then the noise stopped. 

"Finally! Now there's one more thing I need to manually take care of before I let the machine run its automatic program. Let me come and prepare your nipples, dear."

Angela got up from behind her laptop and walked over to the machine. She opened a sliding door at the top and pulled out a tray with stuff on it. 

On top of Rosie's bulging tits stood her erect nipples. Apart from the injection needle going through one of them, they were so far unharmed. Angela was to put an end to their neglect by preparing them and connecting them to the machine as well. 

On her tray were, among other things, a forceps and a long, thick piercing rod. It had a very sharp point on one end and it tapered to about one third of an inch on the other end. Angela drove it through Rosie's left nipple after clamping it with the forceps. A howl emerged from Rosie's throat tube. 

Angela fitted the thick end of the rod with a short metal tube. It was about an inch long and one third of an inch thick. It didn't take long to place it in the fresh piercing in Rosie's nipple. Angela repeated the procedure with Rosie's right nipple. 

Now both nipples were fitted with metal tubes, Angela connected them with more PEX tubing, placing a tube between the nipples. On the other side more PEX tubing that hung down from the machine was connected to the metal tubes in Rosie's nipples, creating another closed circuit. 

As a finishing touch, Angela pulled down two metal clamps from the top of the machine. They looked like small versions of the clamps used on jumper cables. One slipped from her fingers and it was pulled up by the machine immediately. Angela clipped the other on Rosie's left nipple, around the freshly pierced metal tube. She pulled the other back down and clamped it on the other nipple in the same way. Both clamps had a black and red wire on their opposing jaws. 

Angela put the tray back in the overhead compartment of the machine and closed the sliding door. She went back to her laptop and spoke into her microphone. 

"It is now time for your session with the machine. Everything up until now was just preparation and warmup. The machine will perform three automated programs on your body that will not be stopped until they are complete. You will notice that a red light will glow in the room when I push the button to start the program. When this light changes to green -and only then- the session will be over. Here we go!"

Angela sat down and pressed a few keys on her laptop, then &lt;enter&gt;. The machine immediately started emitting a red glow from its lights that filled the room. The projector screens switched again, showing Rosie's eyes, tits and a new visual: a screen displaying what the machine was actually doing at the moment. 

Rachel saw that right now, the machine was "initializing tube placement", whatever that was. The clicking sound of the plates on both sides of Rosie's breasts continued and with every click, the plates were pushed closer together. 

After a dozen or so clicks, the compression was starting to become very obvious, as the plates started to really crush the girl's tied and inflated tits. With Rosie hanging with her tits up, the plates came from left and right in the side view of the machine, basically from top and bottom from Rosie's own perspective. 

The machine stopped when there was only about three inches of distance between the plates, with the titmeat crushed tightly in between and bulging out on top. 

"Placing hydronic tubes" it said on the status screen as the pins and needles on opposite ends of Rosie's tits started moving. 

The machine pushed six thick metal tubes straight through Rosie's tits, three&nbsp; long ones from one side and three short connector points on the other, from one compression plate to the other. The tubes pierced through the base of Rosie's tits and came together on the top side. This was the most brutal action by the machine so far and Rosie was howling through the tube in her mouth. 

There was surprisingly little blood. With the latest tubes in place, the machine had created another radiant heating circuit. The tubes that ran through her breasts were connected to the machine with more flexible PEX tubing. 

"Initializing heating circuits" the status screen said next. It was quickly updated with the current and goal temperature of the fluid that was about to be pumped around poor Rosie's body.&nbsp; 

"Heating program 1: moderate" listed the goal temperature as 54 degrees Celsius (130F). It didn't take the machine long to make its fluid reach this point. 

Soon after, the machine started pumping the warm fluids through the PEX tubing, heating Rosie's tits, abs and thighs from the inside. 

It took a few moments before Rosie's arms and legs started responding, even though the hot fluid in the metal tubes in her nipples quickly evoked a scream from the tube in her mouth. But by the time all circuits were giving off their heat to Rosie's tits, abs and thighs, she was constantly moaning and thrashing her arms and legs as much as her bondage allowed.

The machine counted down thirty seconds to a "cool flush" that would lower the temperature in the tubes again. When it was done, Rosie seemed to calm down slowly, but she was still panting from the workout she just received when the machine's dildos started moving again. 

The dildos for her throat and ass started a rhythmic fucking motion, which soon had the thick dildos sliding in and out for what seemed to be a little over half of their impressive length. The toilet brush dildo in front of Rosie's pussy was first switched out with the one that first went into her pussy, before that one also started the same relentless penetration cycle. 

Two of the projector screens switched views to dildo-cam; one showed Rosie's mouth and throat, the other the inside of her pussy.&nbsp; On the main status screen, "Heating program 1: moderate" was initialized again, but this time the three dildos kept fucking Rosie as her tits, abs and thighs received the hot fluid treatment for another thirty seconds. 

After it was done and her mouth dildo was retracted, Rosie's body hung limp from the machine, held up by the harnesses and the hooks in her arms and legs. The dildos in her pussy and ass kept slamming into her as the status screen showed the initialization of the next part of the machine torture. 

"Irritant injection sequence" showed on the status screen as two parts of the machine started moving around. First, rows of thick injection needles started clicking around Rosie's tit harness, moving back and forth. 

In addition to the needles, the mechanical arm hanging over the girl's crotch started moving. It's head rotated one of its three torture tools down: it was another injection needle. 

Simultaneously, the machine plunged the needles into place while the vaginal and anal dildos kept pumping in and out. The projector screens showed in full detail what was happening. Dozens of needles were plunged through the holes in the compression plates around Rosie's tits, going at least an inch into the girl's compressed breasts. There was an extreme amount of needles as the spectators saw at least four to five rows of eight needles sink into each breast on both the top and bottom sides, covering almost their whole surface between the heating tubes at the base and the clamped and pierced nipples at the top. Only two rows of holes remained unfilled, right under Rosie's areoles and nipples. 

The single needle over Rosie's crotch was aligned perfectly with her exposed and clamped clit. It didn't stab down as deep as the needles in her breasts, but as soon as the tip was in, the tube connected to the needle started pumping a blue fluid into Rosie's most sensitive spot. The already swollen nub grew bigger from the injection and the needle pulled out quickly, still dripping the blue fluid.&nbsp; All the needles in her tits deposited the same blue irritant deep inside her tits, but these needles did not pull out again. 

Rosie screamed on the top of her lungs as the needles stabbed into her. The machine, however, was apparently programmed in anticipation of this and the dildo for her mouth and throat plunged into the mouth tube again, cutting Rosie's screams short as it restarted its fucking motion, making the girl gag and gurgle again. 

"E-stim Picana Circuit A and B: 200.000V / 2mA" showed on the status screen. The projectors kept showing the same camera footage.&nbsp; The flexible arm near Rosie's clit rotated its head and the side with the metal pin was now pushed down on her swollen clit. 

The projector showed a computer-generated image on its status screen. It showed what "circuit A" and "circuit B" were: A was an electrical current circuit closed by the jumper cable clamps on Rosie's nipples and B-1 was a circuit closed between the metal clamp on her clit and the pin that was now pressed against it. B-2 was another circuit closed by the pin against her clit, but instead of the metal clamp on her clit, B-2 closed with the sounding rod in her urethra.

The dildo fucking Rosie's throat was retracted, but the choking and drooling girl didn't get the chance to compose herself. The machine administered several extreme electric shocks to her nipples and alternately her clit and urethra. Due to the high voltage and low current, the shocks were extremely painful but did not cause any damage to her skin. Her limbs shook ferociously as she received shock after shock; the machine counted all 15 down on the status screen. 

After the shocks were administered, Rosie received a moment of rest. All dildos were retracted, as was the pin pushing against her clit. The status screen of the machine displayed "Initializing sequence 2" and a countdown timer of 120 seconds. One of the other projector screens switched to a face-view of Rosie. She looked wasted. The part of her head that was still visible was intensely red and her cried-out eyes bugged out of their sockets. Her heavy make-up was ruined by her tears. 

Angela took this moment to communicate with Rosie. 

"Wow! You're doing good, girl! Time-wise, you're already almost halfway done. Pain-wise, not so much...!" 

Angela walked up to the machine and squirted more lube into the tubes stretching Rosie's ass and pussy. 

Fear shot visibly from Rosie's eyes. 

"Next, the machine will increase the intensity of the punishments. The dildos will go deeper, the fluids will be warmer and the shocks stronger. Also, if your tits and clit are not burning yet from that irritant injection, they will be soon. That stuff won't wear off for hours."

As the last seconds ticked away on the countdown timer, the status screen displayed the next program; "Initializing heating circuits".

"Heating program 2: intense" listed the goal temperature as 60 degrees Celsius (140F). Again, it didn't take the machine long to make its fluid reach this point. 

Soon after, the countdown reached zero, all three dildos started their routine again, but now they went deeper: the machine pulled them all the way out and plunged now three quarters of their massive length into Rosie's throat, pussy and ass. 

The machine started pumping the new hot fluids through the PEX tubing again, heating Rosie's tits, abs and thighs from the inside all over. A twenty second countdown ticked away slowly, invisible for Rosie, who was in agonizing pain. The tubes did not take that long to give off the heat from the fluid. And while the outside of the tubes never got as hot as the fluid itself, the prolonged exposure caused some serious pain and burn wounds in and on her body. 

Another cooling sequence ended the intense immediate burning from the heat, but did not take away the pain. Two dildos continued their relentless attack as the one from Rosie's mouth was retracted. Rosie choked on her own spit and mucus again as the long and thick invader was pulled from her throat. Streams of thick slime hung between the tube in her mouth and the tip of the flexible dildo just inches in front of it. 

As Rosie coughed and wheezed, the machine continued its torture sequence: "E-stim Picana Circuit A and B: 300.000V / 2mA" showed on the status screen. Again, the flexible arm near Rosie's clit rotated its head and pushed its metal pin down on her swollen clit. 

Before the machine started the countdown for the intense electric shocks, it stopped pounding Rosie's pussy with the dildo. It was retracted and switched out with the toilet brush version, which started an immediate brutal pounding attack, followed quickly by the first of fifteen electric shocks at 300.000 volts. 

Rosie's body was immobilized in the machine's body harness, but her arms and legs had some freedom of movement, albeit involuntary at this point in the program. With every intense electric shock that was delivered into her nipples and pussy, her limbs cramped and contracted.

After the countdown was finished and all dildos had once again been pulled out, Rosie received another 120 second break. She didn't open her eyes until Angela called out to make sure she had not lost consciousness.

While the start of the torture session had been pretty intense, what would be next could only be described as insane. "Heating program 3: severe" was the last but most excruciatingly painful heating torment that Rosie would have to endure. With the inside temperature set to a whopping 80 degrees Celsius (176 F), it was the ultimate torture in this hydronics setup. 20 seconds of this temperature would definitely leave burns and permanent marks on Rosie's tits, abs and thighs. 

Before the machine started pumping the hot fluid around the radiant heating system in Rosie's body, the toilet brush dildo was replaced with the original dildo again. The machine resumed the ruthless abuse of her ass and pussy immediately. Instead of penetrating with half or even three quarters of the monstrous dildos, the machine now went all the way, slamming both 16" invaders to the hilt. 

Rosie's eyes rolled back in her head as soon as the brutal fucking started. Not long after, the last and most extreme hot fluid program started. Again timed at 20 seconds, the scalding hot water was pumped through Rosie's nipples and tits first. Because the fluid passed through metal tubing here (as opposed to the plastic tubes in her abdomen and thighs) the skin burned hotter and faster than anywhere else. 

Without the dildo in her throat, Rosie wailed at the top of her lungs, crying her eyes out in agony. Her arms and legs thrashed as much as her restraints allowed. In this kind of pain, 20 seconds seemed like an eternity. When the countdown stopped, the expected "cooldown sequence" did not start. Instead, the machine went on to the electric shock treatment immediately.

"E-stim Picana Circuit A and B: 400.000V / 2mA" it read on the status screen. The machine rotated the dildo in front of Rosie's pussy again. Now the toilet brush dildo was once more put back in place, slamming deeper in to the girl than before. The electric shock countdown started again.

The torture instrument aimed at her clit was also making some adjustments. Instead of the metal pin pressing down on Rosie's clit, the rotating head was now using its alligator clamp to mangle the girl's abused clitoris. The alligator clamp automatically opened and closed. When it first shot down at Rosie's clit, it had its jaws opened. Upon impact, the jaws shut tight, clamping on Rosie's swollen clit, teeth grinding into the bundle of nerves. Slowly, oh so slowly, the arm pulled away from Rosie's crotch, first stretching her clit upward, but soon just dragging the sharp metal teeth over the sensitive skin until finally the clamp ripped off. Rosie's clit shot back down, little streams of blood oozing from the puncture wounds. 

But the treatment was not over yet-- far from it. As her nipples were still receiving the excruciating shocks and the alligator clamp again moved down to grab Rosie's clitoris, the toilet brush dildo was retracted from her pussy. It was quickly replaced by the final and most brutal dildo of the session. The machine's status screen displayed: "Inserting The Violator". 

Rachel had seen what this dildo was: basically a thick metal tube with dozens of holes all around along its sides. The holes housed countless small sharp needles that could be pushed out but also be retracted back into the tube. 

As the machine used the alligator clamp to slowly pull Rosie's bleeding clit away from her body again, the brutal metal dildo was pushed into her ravaged pussy. The alligator stopped pulling until the dildo was fully inserted, then it dragged its teeth over the girl's extended clit and pulled off for a second time. 

As the swollen and tortured clit snapped back down, more blood seeped from the cuts that the teeth of the alligator clamp made in Rosie's skin. The rotating head turned again and pushed down the metal shocking pin, pressing it tightly against Rosie's tormented and bleeding clitoris. 

The status screen changed to "Activating The Violator" with a thirty second countdown, while the shock countdown had 10 more to go at 400.000 volts and 2 mA on both Rosie's nipples and her clit.

The dildos in both her mouth and ass continued pounding as the last few electric shocks were administered to Rosie's exhausted body. The machine's screen countdowns were in sync now with one electric shock for every three seconds down on the "Violator" counter.

Rosie's eyes were closed, her arms and legs hanging limp from their hooks, as the final act of torture was administered to her body: with the last brutal electric shock to her nipples and clitoris, the Violator dildo pushed out its dozens of small, sharp needles into the deepest tissue of her pussy.

A green light filled the room. As her sore, burning body hung limp in its restraints, Rosie felt nothing but bliss through the pain as she realized she was finally free. 

-END-





Review This Story
 || Email Author:     DolorDelectatio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





