BDSM Library - Ruby's Dance




Ruby's Dance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Ruby has served Damien loyally, but he never keeps a slave longer than five years. She doesn't want to be freed, so he has her hang herself on webcam.






Discarding Ruby

Damien:

Ruby's slave contract was due to expire soon, and I felt it only fair to remind her. "Your contract ends next week."

"I know, Master. I'd like to renew for another year."

"Sorry, I never keep a slave more than five years."

"Oh, No, Master! I don't want to be free! I've served you faithfully for five years, don't I deserve better than that?"

"Well..."

"Yes?"

"There's always the option..."

"Which is?"

"Commit suicide. Hang yourself."

"Oh... I'll do that if it's the only other option, but... bor-ing!"

"Is it still boring if you do it on a streaming webcam, with hundreds of men and women getting off from watching you die?"

"Oh, that's sounds better."

"And my voice telling you what to do?"

"Just your voice?"

"Yes. I'll be here at home, with a Skype connection to your hotel room. I'll tell you to do it. You'll be free to refuse, if you choose."

"That's mean. I don't want to choose. I'd rather do it as your slave. And I'd much rather you did it to me!"

"Sorry. I don't want to run into the law against assisted suicide. I'll order you to set it up, but the final choice has to be yours."

"And I'll hear your voice telling me to hang myself?"

"Yes, and so will the audience."

"Oh, Master!"

I reserved a fancy suite, two stories laid out like a loft apartment, at a nearby hotel. We went over there two days before Ruby's slavery ended. She checked , we went up, looked at the room, and let the bellhop put Ruby's suitcases on the luggage racks.

After he'd left, Ruby opened one of the suitcases and got out her favorite hemp rope. She tied a hangman's knot in it, and tied the other end to the rail on the upper-floor overlook. We went back downstairs, she grabbed the rope and lifted herself into the air. Then I jumped up and grabbed her shoulders. Her fingers slipped a few inches, but the knot and the railing held firm.

It would do. I untied the rope, and we packed it away in a drawer. No sense freaking out the housecleaning staff.

I went back home, leaving Ruby to get used to her for the last day of her life.

I boxed up her favorite library stool and arranged for it to be sent overnight to her at the hotel. The staff brought it to her room, of course, and she thanked the bellhop and tipped him about twice what the service was normally worth.

Ruby:

I got my laptop out of the suitcase, connected to the hotel's Wi-Fi, and charged two days of Internet access to the room. I Skyped to Master Damien and made sure the speakers were working properly and that his voice could be heard clearly in the suite's atrium area.

"Okay, Ruby," he told me. "Take the computer into the left-hand bedroom."

I did. It had a nice, comfortable queen-size bed. We'd seen the Master bedroom when we first came in; it had an oversize king bed. But that room should be for Master; I won't sleep there unless he orders me to.

"Get undressed for bed," he ordered.

I did, posing briefly in front of the cam for him.

"Nice. Now get out your vibrator."

I opened the suitcase and found the extra-large vibrator. I knew what that meant. Sure enough...

"Smear lube on it. Put it in your ass, and turn it on."

I did. This was about my favorite way to masturbate: it always hurt going in no matter how much I practiced, and I love the pain. The buzz-thump soon had me grimacing every time the thump hit me, and my nipples came erect. So did my clit.

"Get into bed, Ruby, and rub yourself. Don't stop until you've cum twice."

So I did. It left me exhausted, and when Master told me to turn off the vibe and go to sleep, I was out in about a minute.

* * * * *

I woke up around 8 the next morning, got out of bed, took a shower. I'd just had time to pull the luxurious bathrobe around myself when there was a knock at the door. It was room service, a cart loaded with all my favorite breakfast foods, plus a chilled bottle of Taittinger.

Now how did they know the right time...? Then I looked at the dresser in my room, with my laptop still open, with the Skype connection to Master Damien. Uh-huh.

There was too much for me to eat, so I just ate a little of this and a little of that until I was comfortably full, washing it down with sips of champagne and juice.

As soon as I had put the cart out in the corridor and called Room Service to take it away, I heard Master Damien's voice from the Skype connection on my laptop.

"Ruby."

"Yes, Master?"

"I'll be there at 10. We can share the rest of your champagne, get you set up for tonight, and have lunch together."

I put on some nice clothes. The bathrobe is comfortable, but not exactly what I want to greet my Master in. He actually showed up a couple of minutes early.

We each had a glass of champagne, then he led me into the suite's master bedroom. He undressed me, and each time he took something off, he kissed whatever was uncovered. By the time I was naked, I was panting, and so was Master.

Damien had me bend over and put my hands on the wall to support myself. He looped a cord around my neck and took me from behind, the way a dog takes a bitch. It's only right. I'm happy to be his bitch! He pulled the cord so I could barely breathe, and my nipples and clit started to tingle. I was even happier when I felt his cum flow into me and he yanked the cord tight around my neck, cutting off my breath. He was still hard inside me as I started to cum.

I woke up in bed with Master, with me on the inside of the spoon. My neck was sore, but I felt wonderful. I could only hope my final hanging would be this good.

Damien:

I gave Ruby her last fuck, and it was as good for me as it was for her. She's been a very good slave, but getting old. That's why I've always made it a rule never to renew a slave's contract after five years.

Ruby wanted to take me in her mouth when she woke up, but I was completely satiated from before. I cuddled her for a while, and reassured her that she'd been a completely satisfactory slave. (Not flattery, just the plain truth.)

We went downstairs to the hotel's fancy restaurant, and ordered a "tasting menu" for two, a succession of small bites that added up to a decent meal. Lots of different things, all of them good, some of them surprising.

We went back to the room, cuddled some more, then I started setting things up on the laptop. My overnight shipment included two digital camcorders -- a lot better than the webcam in the laptop. I set them up to get crossed views of the area where Ruby would be hanging, then hooked them up to the laptop.

I logged into the website where we'd be doing the streaming, and double checked everything. The advertising went up two days ago, and from the look of things we'd have a pretty good paying audience.

Ruby:

Master called me in to the suite's atrium. Under his direction, I went upstairs with the rope, took one turn around the railing, and let both ends drop to the lower floor. Then I tied a noose in one end, put it around my neck, climbed up on the stool, and gently pulled the loose end until the rope was almost taut. Then I pulled back a little slack, so I could easily slip the noose off and on. Master took a piece of tape and marked the spot there it touched the railing.

Damien:

I looped the rope around the railing a second time, to act as a belay. Then I came downstairs, opened a Skype connection to an old friend, Jack, and gave him the private address of the stream. The public address would go live at 11:30PM.

I had Ruby climb down and do a brief striptease for Jack. He verified that the cameras covered her while she stripped, then that they worked properly as she climbed back on the stool and put the noose around her neck. Jack and I separately made sure that the double view looked good on the streaming site.

"Get ready," I told Ruby. I grabbed the free end of the rope.

Ruby:

"Get set...." Master told me. "Go."

I pulled my feet up until I was hanging, then kicked the stool away. I hung still for a little, until I started to run out of air, then started kicking. Below me I could see Master holding the rope, and looking back and forth between me and the images on the laptop. He seemed pleased.

"29...30." He lowered me to the floor. Damn! Frustration! Another fifteen seconds or so and I could have cum. Master saw my expression and nodded to me. I bent my legs just enough to strangle myself. He came over and fingered me, and I came, hard, then things went gray...

I woke up on the floor and smiled up at Master. I was ready. I was ready any time.

"I put it away," he said, nodding toward the same drawer where we'd put the rope before.

* * * * *

Master took me to the best seafood restaurant in town for my last meal. A lobster, plus a couple of crabcakes, cornbread, a sampling from the raw bar. I'd rather have had his semen, to tell the truth, but this was nice. Just enough to satisfy, not so much I'd feel bloated.

Back to the hotel for a short nap. I set the alarm for 11: I wanted to be refreshed and wide-awake for my Last Dance. Master talked quietly to me until I fell asleep. Then he left. The rest was up to me.

I woke up about 10:30, turned off the alarm, and got dressed again. striptease clothes: easy to remove, wide enough to conceal, revealing enough to be tantalizing. I sat down and mentally visualized what I planned to do, getting excited as I thought about it. But Master had made it clear I wasn't allowed to get myself off. "Just deal with it," was my motto for the next half-hour or so.

11:28, and I was standing in the door of my room, ready to go out and do my show.

George:

Another late night at work and it's nearly 11 when I get home. We have a review meeting at 10 tomorrow, and I need to be able to respond to questions -- and get it right -- or the project will get canceled. And here I am, my head buzzing with ideas from today's work. Well, let's fire up the browser and see what's available in the way of porn.

What's this? This bird, she's going to hang herself in less than an hour. Not just for twenty or thirty seconds: she's planning to give it the whole caboodle, hang by the neck until she's dead and gone. Wow! Pretty face. And look at the knockers on that bird! The price is kinda steep, but... I can afford that. Yes!

I grab some snack foods and mix myself a drink. Send in the payment and set the telly to play the stream when it comes on. When I'm done watching this I'll fall into bed and sleep like a log.

Countdown's starting. Less than a minute...

And there it is. Two views of a big hotel room. Nobody in it, though. Then there's a deep male voice.

"Ladies and Gentlemen. Tonight you will see something you won't see every day. Maybe once a year, if you're lucky and have a lot of money. Remember, if you like what you see, press the "applause" button so Ruby can hear it! And here she is, my slave, Ruby. Come out and tell the audience what they're going to see, Ruby."

Ruby:

Showtime! I move out into the room with a gliding step, turn to face the camera mounted above the laptop -- the place where I hear Master's voice.

"Hello. I'm Ruby, and I'm Master Damien's slave -- until Midnight. I've been Damien's slave for five years, but he has won't renew my contract again. So I'm going to commit suicide. I'm going to hang myself, right here, to entertain you and so I don't want to live without him."

"Show us something Ruby."

I do a little bump-and-grind, a teaser for the real dance I'll be doing later.

"Take off your shoes, Rudy."

I stand on one foot, bring up the other and pull off my pump, then do the same with the other foot.

"Now your sweater."

It's a light little thing. I unbutton it and slip it off, twirling it on one finger a few seconds, then drop it on the floor. A little more bump and grind around the area...

"Your blouse."

I undo that and pull it open, let everybody get a good look at my lacy bra. Then I wriggle a little and pull it off. I hear the applause from the laptop. It feels good.

I do my little dance around a little longer. I have experience, I know just how to keep everybody tantalized with the hope of seeing the next item come off. And Master knows too. At just the right moment...

"Take off your skirt, Ruby."

I unzip it, slide it down a little, then pull it back up. Then down enough to show the tops of my panties, and back up. A few more inches, then back up. Finally I slide it down to my knees, then wriggle until it falls to my feet. I step out of it with one foot, then balance on that foot, raise the other foot in the air, and pull my skirt with one hand. Again I twirl it, then toss it lightly in the direction of the laptop, as though bestowing it on a patron in a live burlesque show. Applause again.

"Now your bra."

I do a couple more bump-and-grinds. The bra unfastens in front, so I can do it gracefully. I remove it slowly, letting them see more and more of my tits. Finally I pull it down to show my nipples, then turn around and let them see me, naked except for a lacy -- and rather translucent -- pair of panties. Another bump-and-grind, and I toss it in the direction of the side camera. More applause, it makes me feel all warm and sexy.

Master lets me dance around for a while, shaking my titties at the cameras -- side to side, alternate up-and-down, then in a circular motion, I know all the moves.

"Take it off. Take it all off." Master's voice, speaking for the audience.

George:

Wow! She's everything that was advertised. What a pair of knockers! And she sure knows how to use 'em. I press the applause button again, and we hear it in the room. She smiles again, guess she really likes to hear us appreciate her.

Now she's pulling her panties down. Just a little. Then back up, just like she teased us with her skirt. Now back down again, enough to show us her clean-shaven mound. Now she starts wriggling, what legs that girl has got, and what moves! As she shimmies, the panties seem to just naturally slither down, farther... I can see a little of her slit... and farther... almost all of it... click! click! click!!

Now it's sliding down to her knees, I see her whole slit. Now she's turning around, slowly. Her butt comes into view, trim and firm, just big enough. Yeah. Click. And farther... and we see her crack in the side view. She reaches back and spreads her cheeks. Nice arsehole! Click! Click!

She turns the other direction, facing the camera again, and spreads her legs, bending over backward. Oh, yeah, her cat is even nicer than her backdoor. Nice nub of a clit, pretty lips almost like a flower, and a hole that is just begging to be fucked.

Now she slowly spins in place, letting us see her body from all sides. Lies down on her back, legs spread, wow! Click! Click! And then on her stomach, yeah. This is one seriously good-looking bird!

Ruby:


"Okay, honey, set up your rope."

I go over to the drawer, not quite in a straight line but still dancing around a bit. From now on I want everything sensuous right up to the end. I open the drawer and take out the rope. wiggling my butt a bit for the camera. Up the stairs, I let the noose down until the tape is at the edge of the railing, then tie the rope off good. I'd practiced this several times with Damien watching to make sure I could get it right the first time.

Back down the stairs on the balls of my feet, with a little bounce in my behind as the camera follows me.

"Fetch the stool."

It's just out of camera range. I reach out one hand, hook it, and pull it in where everybody can see it, and put it just under the noose. My noose. More applause. I'm getting so hot...

"Put on the monitor."

Master left a little box with three wires coming out of it on top of the stool. Also a simple cloth belt, and a double-ended plastic tie. I put the belt around my waist and clip the box to it. I pull the plastic liners off the electrodes and stick them on my chest. I flip the switch on the box.

George:

Wow! She put on an EKG. A little box lights up on my telly, the lower left, showing a nice pattern -- the same, over and over, each accompanied by a soft beep from the telly. After a few seconds, a number appears next to it: 115.

"Put on your manacle." the voice -- her Master -- says.

She picks this double-ended plastic thing off the stool, loops it over her right wrist, and tugs it tight. Not coming off without a pair of scissors, and there's none in sight.

"Up."

She looks to the side, smiles at the camera there, then back front again. She puts one foot on the lower platform of the stool. The stool went down about one inch. She brought the other foot up. Then the first foot onto the top of the stool, then the other. [see accompanying image]

"Ladies and Gentlemen. Ruby is my slave -- at the moment. If I order her to commit suicide, the law will treat it the same as if I killed her myself. I have no desire to go to jail for slave abuse, so there will be a short delay. Only about two minutes. At Midnight, Ruby's slave contract expires; she will be a free woman again. After that, she alone bears the legal responsibility for her choices."

The bird nods her head, but she looks a little sick.

The clock in the upper right corner ticks up: 11:59:47, 11:59:48...
11:59:58, 11:59:59, 12:00:00.

"Ruby," the voice says, a little quieter, "You are now a free woman."

"Yes, Mas-- Damien. I am a free woman." Her voice is hesitant, and she looks even sicker.

"You may now choose for yourself. If you wish to go ahead with this, please put on your noose."

She brightens up a little. Then she reaches up, takes the noose, slips it over her head with the knot next to her left ear, and cinches the noose snug around her neck. When you wear a necktie that snug, it feels like it's choking you, even though you have no trouble breathing. I swallow, hard, in sympathy.

"Note that Ruby can still change her mind. Her hands are free, she can remove the noose and climb down if she wishes. Ruby, do you want to change your mind?"

"No... Damien." The pause while she suppressed an almost automatic honorific, "Master," was noticeable.

"Then, if you would, please manacle yourself."

Ruby:

There it is. Mas... Damien has asked me to take one more nearly irrevocable step. Once my hands are tied, I can't remove the noose. I'll be up here until I hang myself, or get tired and slip off. Oh, I suppose he could phone the hotel, and they would use their override key to come in and rescue me. But I know Damien wouldn't be that cruel.

"Whenever you are ready..."

I pause a moment. Not to overcome fear. That is long past. I just want to make sure I remember, to do everything right. When I hanged for Master's pleasure, I would pull my knees up until my toes barely brushed the chair, then he would remove it. That way there would be no drop to do any permanent damage. But this time... this time it doesn't matter if something gets crushed. I'm not going to wake up after this one. What's important is putting on a good show, and a drop is part of that.

I take a moment to rehearse it in my mind, then I give a little jump off the stool. There's some slack in the rope, so I fall nearly a foot. The noose jerks tight around my neck! I feel some cartilage give way, it hurts some. The noose crushing my neck hurts more. And I can't breathe.

I give the stool a little shove with my left foot. It rolls away a couple of feet, completely out of reach. Now I can kick, struggle, dance the dance of desperation, dance my life away. I thought I was hot before, now the tingling in my nipples and between my legs is almost unbearable.

George:

Wow! She did it! The bird jumped off the stool. She dropped almost a foot, and that sudden stop! Wow! That's gotta hurt! Let's see...applause...Click! Click! Click! The bird kicked that stool away, now she's dangling there. Her head is tilted almost 60� to the right, and the rope is biting deep into her neck. I bet she can't breathe, not even a little! The number shot up to 125!

Her feet are trembling a little... now twitching a little more... and there she goes, kicking, writhing in her bonds... Now it's almost like she's trying to run in mid-air! What a performance! Click! Click!

She goes on for a while, kicking like that gradually less coordinated and even more frantic. What a dance! 130...

Now what? She's stopped kicking, she's got her thighs pressed together and her butt is squeezed really hard...

Ruby:

Need air... need it so much... Gonna... Need to... Once I cum, I won't have much left. Maybe 20 seconds, then I'll be out. That's when Mas... Damien lets me down. But this time he's not here. I'm just going to keep hanging. I'll lose consciousness and then... never breathe again. Need to... Gonna... Knowing I'm going to hang here until I'm dead... Cumming! Cumming! Cumming so hard! I don't think I've ever cum this hard before.

George:

140... 145... Her hips are thrusting forward, again and again... and her nips... Wow! Sticking out like bullets! They must be as hard as my cock! Click!

"Ladies and Gentlemen, Ruby is cumming. And from her EKG trace, I'd say it's the most powerful one she's ever had. And that is good, because it is the last one she will ever have."

Damn straight! Applause: Click! Click! Click! Click! Oh ,yes!

Guess she finished, the number's coming down a little... 140...135...130... staying steady at 130 as she starts kicking again. Random kicks, with brief pauses in between. She keeps that up... 

I realize that I've been stroking while I watched her hang. I didn't even notice when I started. It's so hot... I slow down, I don't want to cum too soon.

She's slowing down a little, but those numbers... 135... 140...

"I believe that Rudy is about to lose consciousness. How about a big round of applause while she can still hear it?"

Oh, yeah, she's earned it. Click! Click! Click! Click! Click!

Ruby:

Everything's going red... getting dark... ringing in my ears... what's that? Applause, yes. Sounds louder than Rockefeller center. Wow! All that for me. Love it... Going... dark...

George:

She's almost stopped kicking now. Just little twitches of her legs, and every once in a while a foot will move a few inches. Really out of it, I'd say. But still alive, that trace on the left shows that.

135. Up a little, but it's going to be a while yet. I go into the other room and get out my Fleshlight. A little lube... and back to the telly, watching the bird hang. I stroke myself slowly, it's really nice in the Fleshlight.

Damien:

I've been watching the counts as well as Ruby's performance. People have been logging out since she lost consciousness. Not surprising -- the stream charges by the minute. But over a third are sticking it out: obviously waiting for Ruby to die. She is really giving her all for me and for this audience. From the reactions -- timing of applause and such -- I'd guess at least a quarter of the watchers are women. Wonder if any of them will apply to be my slave...

George:

It's been a while, but the numbers are starting to climb again. 140...145...150...160... 170...180. Her heart must really be hammering hard as she runs out of air... The trace is starting to change, there's an occasional funny blip in it. Wonder what that means...

190... That one had two blips in it... and again. 200... beeping real fast, almost like the Sword Dance. And three blips... and... it's going crazy. No more pattern, just jiggling up and down at random. No, there's the pattern again... and again... but the numbers are gone. And jiggling again. Beeping like a horn player with no sense of rhythm. There, her feet kicked funny, not like anything she did before. And... beeeeeeeeeee..... zero.

A few fast strokes and... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Wow! I haven't cum that hard since the first time my girlfriend gave me blowjob. Maybe not even then.

"Ladies and gentlemen. It's over. Ruby's heart has stopped. She is dead. I imagine her brain is gone, too, but I'll leave her up until 1AM before I call the hotel, just to make sure.
Panting hard... Time to go to bed. But first... I click the "gratuity" button and add a healthy tip. This was more and better than I'd expected, much more than was advertised. She's earned it. It'll put a crimp in my porn budget, but it's worth it for sure.

And.. disconnect.

* * * * *

Damien:

It's 12:35. Ruby has been dead for about 15 minutes, and the last watcher has disconnected. I shut down the stream and look at the numbers. Then I whistle. Wow!

"Ruby, I don't know if you can hear me wherever you are..."

Ruby:

Drifting through a formless gray nowhere... Don't know where I am... I must be dead, the last thing I remember is hanging, fading out... I seem to hear a voice... Master's voice!

"...wherever you are. But you set a new record. You had more viewers than any snuff stream, ever. You pulled in the most money of any porn stream in history -- not just snuff, but mainstream porn.

"You did good, Ruby. Better than good. I salute you."

I feel warm inside, somehow. "Better than good." I've pleased Master one last time, more than ever before.

If find myself drifting onward toward... wherever I'm going. It doesn't matter. I feel so good.

Damien:

I slowly lower my hand to my side. I don't know why, but I get the feeling that Ruby heard me. What a girl! What an incredible slave she was!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A. P. Damien


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





