BDSM Library - Alex at the Processing Center




Alex at the Processing Center
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Alex reports to the Processing Center to be hanged. His executioness gives him an experience to remember.






Two men walked into the Processing Center, one tall &#8212; a little over 2 meters &#8212; one about average height. They walked up to the counter, and held a brief, quiet conversation. The tall one clapped the shorter one on the shoulder, they hugged, then the taller one left.&nbsp; Alex rang the bell to get the receptionist's attention. When she looked up, he said, "Hi. Alex would like to register for execution, if it's not too much trouble."

"Certainly, sir. Fill out this form. We accept most major debit cards and of course cash. No checks or credit cards, I'm afraid.

Alex spent almost a minute on the form, using his very best handwriting.

[b]NAME:[/b] Alex Squires
[b]GENDER:[/b] MALE
[b]AGE:[/b] 24
[b]HEIGHT:[/b] 5'7"
[b]WEIGHT:[/b] 140 lbs
[b]OCCUPATION:[/b] Snuff Party "Host"
[b]REASON FOR EXECUTION:[/b] Customer didn't finish the job
[b]PREFERRED METHOD:[/b] Hanging

He handed it back, and paid with a debit GasperCard.

"Thank you," the receptionist told him. "Please have a seat in our waiting area, we will call your name."

Alex sat down near another young man and introduced himself. "Hi. I'm Alex. Alex is here to be hanged, there's something so exciting about hanging, don't you think?"

"Gladstone." They shook hands. "I'd say I'm happy to meet you, but these aren't really very happy circumstances."

"Oh, but it's a beautiful day for an execution. But then, any day is a beautiful day for an execution."

"Not when you're discarded like a used condom, it isn't."

"Oh, sorry. Would you like to talk about it? Don't if you'd rather not, but if you would, Alex will be happy to listen."

"I was a good slave, did everything Mistress said, and did it well. But then she got engaged, and her fiance isn't willing to share."

"How long were you her slave? Was this a short-term thing, or a 'relationship'?"

"Almost four years. I kept her house clean, and I know I pleased her in bed and in her dungeon."

"After you've been her slave that long... Alex would have expected her to kill you herself, if she cared about you?"

"Yes. I'd thought so too. That when the time came, she'd fuck me with a strap-on or pleasure me with her hand then, just at the right moment, drop the blade."

"Yeah. And instead she leaves you for some stranger to execute? Alex thinks that's just mean."

"Yes. She didn't even walk me in. Just gave me cash for the processing fee and dropped me off at the curb." He paused, then, "What about you?"

"Alex has been helping Damien out with his snuff parties. Alex's job title was "host," but what it came down to was: Alex was a party favor &#8212; available to anybody who wanted a bottom to fuck or strangle. Alex wore an "OB" badge: owned bottom, that meant people had to get permission from Damien if they wanted to snuff Alex.

"But last week Alex decided he wanted more. Alex asked Damien to give him a 'B' badge &#8212; a pure bottom, available to anybody for sex, asphyxia, or snuffing. And last night Alex thought he was going to get the ultimate thrill. A woman in her late 20s, a real hottie, chose Alex. She was going to strangle him to death after he brought her off. Alex ate her out, made her cum twice. She had the cord around Alex's neck, she was pulling it almost hard enough to strangle him. But she'd had too much to drink, and she fell asleep. Alex didn't get snuffed, didn't even get to cum. Alex was seriously frustrated.

"Damien apologized in the morning. He drove Alex here in his limo, came in with me, gave me a goodbye hug. He even lent Alex his GasperCard to pay the fee. So now Alex is waiting for an executioness to hang him. This is so exciting!"

At that point a vision swaggered into the room. She was nearly as tall as Alex, stacked, with legs that seemed to go on forever, and a half-mask over her face. Most of her torso was covered with spandex, and it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra &#8212; and that she enjoyed her job. She picked up the receptionist's clipboard and glanced over the names.

"Huh!" she snorted, looking disgusted.

She turned to the waiting area and raised her voice slightly. "All right! Listen up, executies &#8212; and you femmes, too. The executioners who normally handle the morning shift today are both out with the flu. My name is Velma. I'm subbing for Kayla today, and we'll have a male executioner for the women in about an hour. Sorry for the delay, but you know what this winter has been like."

Alex nodded, as did most of the other people waiting.

"Alex Squires," said Velma.

Alex stood up. "Yes, Ma'am. I'm Alex. Ready to be executed, at your pleasure, Ma'am."

Velma shook his hand. "Not to worry, we'll have you strung up in good time. I see you didn't specify long drop or short drop. Is it to be my choice?"

"Oh yes, Ma'am. Your choice, whichever you prefer, Ma'am."

"No, problem, Alex. I think we can give you a short drop, with benefits."

"Yes Ma'am. Alex was hoping for benefits, kind of. Not counting on them, you understand. Just, sort of, thinking it would be nice. When it's your time, you have to take what you can get. But if you can get more than the bare minimum, it makes things nicer.

"Don't you think so, Ma'am?"

Velma looked oddly at this man who seemed to be babbling.&nbsp; Nerves? Sexual execitement? Never mind. Velma had seen how the receptionist has been eyeing Alex's body. "Follow Megan to the red room."

The receptionist came out from behind the counter and took Alex by the elbow. It was gentle, but Alex knew it could become a "come-along" with just a little pressure. She guided him to a door at one side of the room, opened it. The room had flocked wallpaper; the dominant color was a bright red.

Megan led Alex into the room. [i]What a dreamboat. A real shame to stretch his neck,[/i] she thought. [i]But it seems to be what he needs, and besides, rules are rules.[/i]"Wait here. I'll be back as soon as I can to help you get ready." She closed the door, and Alex heard the lock snick.

Alex looked around. The room had a table, two chairs, and a sofa. There was a TV on the wall, facing the sofa. A small table next to the sofa had a stack of magazines &#8212; current issues! &#8212; and several DVDs. Alex picked one up, then another. They were recordings of executions. There was another door opposite the one he came in, painted matte black so it reflected almost no light. It looked heavy. There was a keypad beside it.

Alex sat down and imagined himself, dangling from a noose, kicking. He started getting hard, and his hand strayed to his crotch. Alex noticed what he was doing, sighed, and put his hand back on the arm of the sofa. It wouldn't be cool to have cum-stained pants when Velma came for him.

He closed his eyes and meditated. But the occasional "whirrr-thunk" from the adjacent room kept distracting him. "Jeez Louise," he muttered to himself.&nbsp; "How hard is it to put a noose around a guy's neck and take away what he's standing on?"

He riffled through the magazines on the table, chose [i]Executioner's Monthly[/i]. There was an article on hanging techniques: where to place the knot for short-drop and long-drop hangings, etc. Alex sat down to read it, especially the section on timing: how to maximize pleasure and minimize suffering &#8212; keeping the hangee just on the edge of cumming until shortly before he loses consciousness. Alex was getting painfully hard again, but he kept reading.

The door opened again, and Megan came into the room, smelling excited. "Velma said I could keep you warm, but I had to wait for my assistant to get here." Alex stood up, and Megan walked into his arms.

Megan took Alex's head between her hands and kissed him, hard. Alex kissed her back, and she opened her mouth, inviting his tongue. Alex accepted the invitation, and they spent a while French-kissing. Alex turned his head and nibbled on Megan's ear. Then she kissed the side of his neck, which made him shiver with a mixed thrill of fear and arousal. They spent some minutes like that, then she took Alex's hand and put it on her breast. Alex moaned and started fondling it. When he tentatively started to unbutton Megan's blouse, she moaned and breathed, "Yes." He was soon fondling her bare breast, then kissing her nipples. Somewhere in the middle of all that, they ended up on the sofa.

Alex was really horny by that time, and he put Megan's hand on his bulge to encourage her to do something for him. She hesitated, then shook her head firmly. "Ahhh, no," she explained, "Velma said to keep you warm. Not to let you cum, then you'd cool off. But feel free to play with me any other way you like."

"Oh, yes, Megan. Alex will play with you. Alex will love playing with you." Alex unzipped Megan's skirt; she stood up to let him pull down her panties. He put his fingers in his mouth to wet them, then started playing idly with her inner lips.&nbsp; Then gently caressing her hood.&nbsp; "Alex likes doing this to Megan. Does Megan like it when Alex does this?"

"Oh, yes!"

Alex found Megan's center with one finger, circling the opening, sliding slowly inside. Then he added a second finger. His thumb went to work on Megan's clit.

"Yes," she moaned. "Yes, please. Oh... please.... more...?"

Alex resumed kissing her nipples, and Megan's moans grew louder. After a while, they turned into gasps, then into screams. Alex kept on caressing and kissing Megan. "So hot...," he muttered to himself, "Alex will have [i]such[/i] a case of blue balls. But it will be worth it, you can bet."

After several minutes, Megan pushed Alex's hand away. "It feels so nice, Alex, but I'm getting a little bit sore from all the rubbing."

"Oh. Alex is so sorry for hurting you."

"No, don't be sorry. It's been wonderful. I just think we need to rest for a while."

While Alex and Megan were fooling around, Velma was busy. She'd had two beheadings to take care of. The first was a man who wanted to get laid one last time before "getting the axe". The second a woman who wanted to be fucked while strapped into the guillotine. Velma had gotten one of the maintenance men to fulfill her request.&nbsp; But all this took time.

Finally, she was able to get ready for Alex. She went into the supply closet and got out twenty feet of stout hemp rope, short black straps, black hood, and a multi-step folding stool. She brought these into the gallows room. She checked the sturdy clothes hamper to be sure it would support Alex's weight. She'd used it before without problems, but the Center requires perfection and she didn't want anything to go wrong.

Alex and Megan went back to kissing and caressing.&nbsp; Some time later, the second door opened and Velma walked in.

"Very nice, children. I hope you've had a lovely time."

"Alex has, ma'am. It's been wonderful."

"Yes," Megan agreed, "I've enjoyed it very much. I'd have liked to feel him cum inside me, but this was very nice."

"Oh, yes," Alex agreed, "That would have been very nice. But even so, Alex is very happy to have been allowed to pleasure Megan."

"Well, I'm glad you two enjoyed yourself, but now it's Alex's time."

"Yes, Ma'am. Alex is ready. Alex has has been ready all morning."

"I've always found the topic of the way a man hangs to be of the utmost fascination," she purred.&nbsp; "Will they stand erect when the climax comes, that's the question we women really care about -- even though, whether long or short, all good men must dangle limp eventually.&nbsp; 

"It's time for us to take your last short walk," she said, getting up to take his hand.&nbsp; "Tell me a little about yourself -- while you still can -- and what your Last Request might be.&nbsp; And you, Alex, how long will you last, I wonder?"

"Yes, Ma'am. Alex is ready to take that last walk. Lead, and Alex will follow, Alex is glad to oblige. More than glad... eager.&nbsp; As for Alex's last request...

"Alex would like to cum one last time, just before the rope takes Alex's breath away. Or even better, while it squeezes Alex's neck forever shut. So if you could oblige Alex with, or arrange for someone to oblige Alex, that would be wonderful, and Alex would thank you with his last thoughts. Alex won't be able to say it aloud, of course, but please believe, Alex will be thanking you even as his thoughts slide away to... to wherever thoughts go when they cease forever.

Velma took hold of Alex's elbow, as she slowly licked around her lips three times.&nbsp; She guided Alex firmly through the heavy door and into the Red Room itself. She guided him to stand with his back to the bed, and began unbuttoning his shirt -- one button at a time, very slowly.

"I feel sorry that the lady customer let you down.&nbsp; I won't let you down.&nbsp; You're going to be up a long time for me.&nbsp; I know the ropes, you see -- and you're soon going to know mine."

Velma suddenly spun Alex around and, in the move she'd learned her first day on the job, violently pulled his shirt down off his arms.&nbsp; At the same time, she pulled his hands back behind him.

Alex didn't realize what had happened until a black strap was being yanked tight around his wrists!

Alex yipped in surprise as he felt the strap on his wrists.&nbsp; Then he made a noise something closer to a purr. "Oh, yeah... That's right, nice and tight, keep Alex's hands out of the way where they belong.&nbsp; Nowhere near as tight as the noose is gonna be, though, right?" There was a visible "tent" in Alex's trousers.
 
"Ooohhh, look at what we have here."&nbsp; Velma unfastened Alex's belt, and then pulled his pants and undershorts down to his ankles.&nbsp; Then she reached around and fondled Alex's already-stiff cock.

"Your execution is being videotaped, and we at the Processing Center take pride in giving full satisfaction.&nbsp; So I have to take my time and do everything just right.&nbsp; Now I'll help you kneel."

And holding Alex's left arm she got him down onto his knees at the foot of the bed.

"Now I know that your ankles have clothing around them -- but I still want you to bend over the bed, and spread your knees wide."&nbsp; She walked over to a cabinet beside the bed and opened a drawer to pull out a small black object.

"Oh, yes, ma'am. Bend over and spread knees, yes'm, Alex can do that.&nbsp; Alex loves doing things like that."

Alex bent over, resting his upper body on the bed, and spread his knees as wide apart as they would go.

"This is your butt plug -- I'm not cleaning up your mess. 

The butt plug was greased, but it was quite large and Alex's ass was stretched considerably as Velma firmly pressed it all the way in.

"Oooofff.. That's big, ma'am. Put it in nice and tight, you're right, ma'am, Alex doesn't want to make a mess. Alex Unger, they call me. Oooh.... yes... that's nice. Thank you so much, ma'am... aaaahhh."

Once it was inserted, she reached up between Alex's legs and again fondled his cock.

"Now stay there a minute, I have some furniture re-arranging to do.&nbsp; You can talk though."

Alex heard the multi-step folding stool and the clothes hamper being dragged to the center of the Red Room.

"Thank you for letting Alex talk, Ma'am.&nbsp; Alex doesn't like to be gagged, except for one special kind and then only for the few minutes it takes. Are you getting&nbsp; ready for Alex's hanging, Ma'am? Or do you have other things you want to do to Alex first? It sounds very interesting and exciting back there, Ma'am."

Velma came back to the still-bent-over Alex, and sat on the bed in front of him.&nbsp; She had the coil of hemp rope in her hands.

"I'm going to grant your last request, but to get it you'll have to hang for me," she said, as her hands began to fashion a Hangman's Knot at one end of the hemp.&nbsp; When she was satisfied with her work, she held it up for Alex's approval.&nbsp; "That will put you to death, don't you think?"

"Oh, Ma'am. Yes, Ma'am. That will do the job very nicely. Alex can hardly wait to feel it around his neck, it makes Alex so hot, Ma'am. Alex is ready whenever you are, Ma'am."

"Now hold still while I get the last of your clothes off."&nbsp; She removed Alex's shoes, then pulled off his pants, undershorts, and socks all at once.

"That's done, now stand up."&nbsp; She again took Alex's elbow and guided him over to the foot of the step-stool, which rested up against the clothes hamper.

Then she climbed up the stool holding the coil of rope, and tossed the end with the hangman's knot over a low bar running under the ceiling.&nbsp; The noose fell to just a little above Alex's head's height above the clothes hamper.

Velma climbed down.&nbsp; "Your turn to climb, stud."

"Alex's turn to climb, yes, Ma'am.&nbsp; That's easy for Alex."

Alex straightened up, looking hungrily at the noose that would soon take his breath away forever.&nbsp; He put one foot on the first rung of the step stool, then the other foot on the next step, then up onto the top of the stool. He stood there, gazing at the noose, his mouth slightly open, breathing just a little fast. He was so hard that his cock was nearly straight up against his belly.

He talked quietly to himself "Noose for Alex.... my noose... Noose around Alex's neck... waited so long... Yes...." It was almost but not quite a whisper. Velma could understand him, but just barely.

Velma ascended the stool right behind Alex, and gave him a slight prod to put his feet onto the top of the clothes hamper -- directly under the noose.&nbsp; Bending down, she wrapped black straps around his knees and ankles, and cinched them tight.

Then she stood up herself and brought the noose down -- over Alex's head, past his eyes and ears, down onto his shoulders.

With a swift, practiced move, she cinched the hangman's knot tight under Alex's left ear, startling a surprised "Oh!" out of him.

He was prepared. She leaned forward, gave his cheek a quick kiss, and then climbed down the step-stool.&nbsp; Alex was alone, more than three feet above the floor.&nbsp; He heard the scraping of the step-stool being dragged to the side.

"Oh, yes, Ma'am. Alex is ready to hang. One request, Ma'am, don't you think it will be sexier if Alex can kick and struggle while he hangs? If you prefer Alex to be strapped, Alex will be happy to hang strapped for you, Ma'am, but if it makes no difference to you, Alex would prefer to be free to dance."

Velma came back around in front of Alex, holding one last short black cord.&nbsp; "It does make a difference -- you aren't knocking me to the floor before I'm done.&nbsp; My work isn't nearly finished, young man, but my fun is definitely now going to start!"&nbsp; And she reached up to put her hands on Alex's manhood and began to massage his cock and balls.

Velma's soft hands began caressing and sliding along his shaft, heating it further, straighter, harder!

Then when he began to ache in his loins, she took a short piece of cord and tied it around the base of his cock!

Velma was well satisfied with Alex's cooperation.&nbsp; She would reward him soon. But now to her next duty -- reading his death warrant.

"Alex Squires, having been sent to the Execution Center and duly registered here, you are found to have been legally condemned by the laws of this county.&nbsp; You are therefore to be executed by hanging by your neck until dead, a sentence which I will now begin to carry out."

Velma approached the clothes hamper Alex was standing on, and wrapped her lips around his rock-hard cock!

"Yes, Ma'am, Alex is ready for you to execute him. At your pleasure, Ma'am."

Velma's mouth was hot on Alex's already-fevered cock, licking and teasing for right now.&nbsp; Her hands jacked off his shaft as he stood bound and helpless, completely at her mercy -- or lack of!&nbsp; Again and again her hands stroked his cock.&nbsp; He knew that&nbsp; he would hang when he came, or perhaps a few seconds before!

"Yes, Ma'am, Oh, yes, Ma'am. Oh, please yes, Ma'am. So ready to hang, Ma'am. So good, Ma'am. Oh, yes, please, yes.... yes.... please... Please, Ma'am, please yes..."

Velma sensed the swelling in Alex's cock.&nbsp; He was about to blow!&nbsp; With no hesitation she kicked the hamper hard, out from under his feet!

Alex dropped nearly a foot before the noose jerked his neck, hard, to a complete stop.&nbsp; Velma simply bent her knees and resumed sucking Alex's cock. She wanted his last cum as much as he did.

"Oh, y... aack!" Alex's response was choked off by the noose. He looked down and saw his executioness with his cock in her mouth. 

[i]The noose is so tight now,[/i] he thought.&nbsp; [i]Neck squeezed so hard... Can't breathe. So hot... gonna cum... yes... this takes so much... need to breathe... can't... [/i]

Alex's hands twisted in the strap, but to no avail. It was too strong.&nbsp; He tried to kick, to struggle for air, but his legs were strapped together.&nbsp; He wriggled in his bonds, for two long minutes, choking, feeling the pain of the noose around his neck, the pleasure of Velma's mouth on his cock, and the the pain/pleasure of being denied breath.

At last, the combination of Velma's hot mouth and the noose around his neck was too much.&nbsp; Alex's back arched... his cock swelled... and he came, semen spurting out of his cock again and again.

Velma let Alex's deathcum fill her mouth, then stepped back. There was a lot of it, and she gagged slightly. She swallowed it with a gulp, looking up at Alex's face. Her eyes met his eyes, the eyes of the man she was executing.&nbsp; She looked at him with hunger, lust, and desire...

She picked up a large, sharp knife and cut the straps around Alex's legs, then stepped back quickly. 

Alex hung still for nearly 30 seconds while he came, then started to struggle. He kicked, dancing in the noose, trying to run on thin air, but to no avail.&nbsp; His struggles grew weaker... His face turned red with the effort to breathe, but there was no more breath for Alex. Not ever. After four minutes, Alex stopped struggling.

Velma needed to make sure.&nbsp; She walked around behind Alex, and slapped his ass -- hard.

Alex, nearly unconscious, was startled awake by the slap on his ass. He struggled weakly for a few seconds, then he stopped again.

Velma waited until Alex's struggles stopped again, then counted off twenty seconds. Then she slapped his ass again.&nbsp; This time there was no reaction.&nbsp; She walked around in front of him, and jerked the black cord around his cock tight, then tied it off to keep him from pissing on the Red Room's carpet. She took a towel from the hamper and spread it on the floor under Alex to catch any sweat that might drip off him. 

Alex hung limp. He no longer felt pain, or pleasure, or any sensation at all. He was quite dead.

Velma strolled over to the bed, lay down facing Alex's dying body, and fingered herself to several huge orgasms while Alex's body continued to hang for the regulation half-hour.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A. P. Damien


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





