BDSM Library - His Birthday, Her Choice




His Birthday, Her Choice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    Anita receives an invitation to serve Master Damien on his birthday. She contemplates various methods, and at last chooses a strangling cord. She has several orgasms while he strangles her to death.






His Birthday, Her Choice 
by A. P. Damien 
Note: I've used the name "Anita" for the bottom in this scene. The producer can substitute the usual stage name of the model who enacts the part.
Scene 1: Interior, a corridor, evening. Anita is walking toward the camera. She is wearing "hot" clothes, the sort of thing a college girl might wear on a date when she has decided it's time to bring her boyfriend home for the night. Her midriff is bare. She walks past the camera.
Shift to a view over her shoulder as she opens the door. We see just a bit of the bedroom beyond.
Scene 2: Interior, a bedroom, evening. In addition to a comfortable bed, there is a writing desk, a bedside table with a lamp, a box of some sort, and a closet (door closed). There is something square and white propped up on the desk.
[Ideally, the box should be a toy chest of the sort a well-off family might get for their child to put toys away in. Alternatively, it could be a cedar chest, or even a large cardboard box covered with adhesive shelf paper to make it look nice.]
Anita enters and closes the door behind her. She does a "take" as she sees the square on her desk. She walks over and picks it up. It is an envelope, the kind used for formal invitations. The woman opens it and pulls out an "engraved invitation". [Note: if the producer isn't up to making up a custom "engraved' (embossed) card, use "parchment": paper with a high rag content, dampened slightly then dried in an oven so that it is uneven and slightly yellowed.]
Camera looks over her shoulder and zooms in until we can read the paper. It says:
"Master Damien requests your service on (date). Bring your choice."
Anita: (quietly, almost reverently): "His birthday. He wants me for his birthday."
Anita reacts with pleasure, something like a child who has just been informed that the family is going to Disneyland. She sets the invitation carefully down on the desk. She kneels on the floor and opens the box, looking at the contents. Her face and posture express anticipation, an intent, almost hungry, expression with a bit of sexual need thrown in.
[A really good actress could convey the comments in this next section with just body language and inarticulate noises, but that kind of actress doesn't work in this kind of video, so have her do an echoey voice over to indicate her thoughts as she takes items out of the box.]
Anita reaches into the box with one hand and brings out a gun. She looks down the barrel, then sets it on the floor on her left. ["Too quick"]
She reaches in again and brings out a hunting knife. She tilts it so the blade gleams and we can see that it is very sharp. She lays the flat against her throat, shakes her head slightly. She touches the point to her belly. Her head goes back and her expression becomes more sexual. Then she reluctantly sets it next to the gun. ["Painful, oh, yes. But... so messy."]
She brings out a length of rope with a noose tied in one end. She slips the noose over her head and pulls the knot snug against the left side of her neck. She remains still for a few seconds. Dissolve to...
A larger room, slightly subdued lighting, [dream effect], Anita naked, standing on a stepladder with the noose around her neck and her hands tied behind her. A hand pulls the stepladder out from under her and she begins to kick. 
[dream effect in above: show that this is imagination by soft focus or fog and perhaps a major shift in color balance or a cloudy border around the scene]
Dissolve to...
Interior, the bedroom. Anita loosens the noose ["maybe"] and takes it off. She coils the rope up and sets it down next to her right side.
She brings out a small vial of amber liquid and a syringe. She holds the vial up to the light, tilts it slightly to see how the liquid moves [it should be somewhat more viscous than water, maybe salad oil or colored glycerine]. Then she sets them next to the gun &amp; knife with a shake of her head.
She pulls out a cord [ideally this should be a silk cord, 1/8"-1/2" thick. But you could substitute a bathrobe belt or the drawstring from a pair of sweatpants or pajamas]. She wraps it once around her neck, with the ends crossed behind her. Dissolve to...
The same larger room, subdued lighting [dream effect], Anita sitting in a chair, leaning against a man's body. A pair of hands is pulling the cord tight around her throat while she makes choking sounds. Dissolve to...
Interior: the bedroom. Anita makes a satisfied noise and carefully puts the other items back in the box. She closes the box, unwraps the cord, and coils it neatly on top of the box. She stands up gracefully, goes over to the bed, turns down the covers.
Fade to black as she starts taking her clothes off.
Fade to...
Scene 3: Interior, the larger room mentioned above, mid-morning. Daylight leaks through the curtains or shades on the window(s). Damien sits in a wide, comfortable armchair. There is a small table next to the chair. Damien is wearing a robe or something else that looks classy but can be easily removed. There is a mirror facing the chair, either a full-length mirror on the opposite wall or a free-standing mirror on another table.
A door opens and Anita walks in, dressed in something that looks like it came from Fredericks of Hollywood. She is wearing the cord draped loosely around her neck.
Damien: [whistles] "Nice, very nice."
Anita pauses for him to admire her.
Damien: "The strangling cord. An excellent choice."
He admires her for a few seconds more, then beckons Anita to come to him. He takes her by the hand and pulls her down onto his lap. His hands roam over her body, caressing her cheeks, her neck, her breasts, her belly, her thighs.
Anita sighs happily and leans back against Damien.
Damien kisses Anita's ear and the side of her neck, then guides her to turn around so he can kiss her lips. They spend some time necking, Anita's arousal becoming greater and greater until it is obvious that she needs more.
Damien: "You may come."
Anita has an orgasm.
Damien waits until she is able to pay attention again. "It's time to get ready."
Anita removes her clothes and stands naked before him, staring lustfully at him.
Damien stares back, then he removes (or opens) his clothing: "I think it would be good if I were inside you while I strangle you."
Anita: "Oh, Yes! Master!"
Damien sits down again and takes Anita's hand, guiding her to stand with her back to him. He reaches onto the table and opens a tube of lubricant, spreading some of it on Anita's anus and some on his erect penis. He takes her hips and gently pulls her down until she is half sitting above his lap.
Anita spreads her ass cheeks while
Damien positions his penis against her anus.
Anita lowers herself onto him. She makes sounds of pleasure/pain (as in "it hurts so good") as she feels him penetrate her.
Damien spends a few seconds caressing Anita's breasts and rolling her nipples between his fingers. Then one hand reaches down to caress Anita's clitoris.
Anita's breathing becomes faster and faster as Damien stimulates her, and she gives small cries of pleasure.
Damien: "Are you ready?"
Anita: "Yes! I have been ready since I received your invitation. For three days I have endured an agony of pleasurable anticipation."
Damien: "Then you may come."
Anita has another orgasm, much louder than the first. Her screams of pleasure are cut off as...
Damien pulls the cord tight around her neck. "You will never breathe again."
Zoom or dolly in to show the cord biting into her neck. Cut to...
Medium view: Anita has a look of intense pleasure as her orgasm continues.
Damien looks intent on his own pleasure as he feels Anita squirm in his lap under the combined stimulus of her orgasm and the need for air.
Eventually Anita's orgasm ends, and she begins to struggle in earnest, wriggling in his lap and straining her chest and diaphragm muscles as she tries to get another breath.
Anita's hands grip the arms of the chair tightly as she struggles for breath.
Damien enjoys the view of her face in the mirror and the effect of her struggles moving her on his cock.
After some time, Anita's hands close into fists and she begins to pound alternately on the arms of the chair. Her weight rests entirely on Damien and her legs stretch out as she continues to struggle, but she never tries to loosen the cord, nor to attack Damien's hands as they pull it tight around her neck.
Eventally Anita's struggles weaken. Her hands continue to beat on the chair arms, but more weakly.
Damien: "You may come, one last time."
Anita stiffens as another orgasm takes her by surprise. She holds that position for several seconds, then goes limp in Damien's lap.
Damien continues to hold the cord tight for another 30 seconds or so, until Anita's legs begin to kick spasmodically. Damien cries out as he comes inside Anita, pulling the cord even harder as his own orgasm overtakes him.
Anita's face looks completely relaxed, satisfied and at peace.
Finally it is over. Damien releases the cord and pushes Anita off him, lowering her body onto the floor. He gets up and cleans himself off, then arranges her body so it lies neatly on the floor, not just crumpled there.
Damien gets up, wraps his clothes around him, and goes out.
Fade to black. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A. P. Damien


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





