BDSM Library - Li Chang Hangs




Li Chang Hangs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Chang is happy: she gets to watch the peasant girl Naboko hang first. So happy that she gives the hangman a blowjob while they watch Naboko dance. Then it's her turn, and she enjoys every second of it.






Li Chang Hangs
by A. P. Damien 
There's a double-header on the schedule this morning &#8212; two girls will be hanged. Li Chang Mi will go second and she's glad. Not because it means she gets to live a few extra minutes. No, because this way she gets the extra excitement of watching Naboko Murakami hang. 
The two girls are brought out. The guard helps Naboko strip naked before her walk to the noose. It's obvious that she's having second thoughts &#8212; she probably signed up for this just to get the money for her family. Whatever the reason, Naboko's walk is unsteady. The guard has to walk beside her, murmuring reminders to keep her going, and her legs are so wobbly that she occasionally has to stop and lean on him for a few seconds. It's obvious that she would turn and run, except that she would have to return the money and her children would starve. 
The hangman is white, of course. A Chinese or Japanese man might be rich enough to support a woman's family for ten years and send her children to college besides. But only an American or European would be crazy enough to pay that much just to see her hang. But he's younger than Li Chang expected. Downright good looking. She feels herself getting excited just looking at him, even though it won't be her turn in the noose for nearly 30 minutes. 
After the hangman binds Naboko's hands, she's just too shaky to get up on the little stand. The guard and hangman have to lift her up. 
Li Chang is so disgusted that she decides to show how it should be done. She doesn't even wait to be led out. She walks out, slowly, with a natural grace that the peasant girl couldn't hope to emulate even with full control of her body. As she walks, she takes off her clothing, one item every few steps. After each piece of clothing comes off, she tosses it to some spectator, without pausing or turning her head. The last item, a sort of loincloth, she saves for the hangman. He folds it up and sets it aside as a keepsake, a remembrance of her as someone special. 
Once the commotion caused by her unexpected appearance has died down, the hangman continues. He fits the noose over Naboko's neck. She's having trouble standing, so he just kicks over the stand and leaves her dangling by her neck. She instantly panics and starts kicking and struggling, throwing her legs in every direction, struggling for support, for air, anything to relieve the pressure on her neck. 
There's a chest high partition separating the hangman from the spectators. Li Chang slides gracefully behind it and kneels at the hangman's feet. She looks to him for permission; getting it, she opens his robe. He is hard already, and she takes his erection in her hand and wraps her mouth around it. Li Chang watches Naboko struggle while she pleasures the hangman with her lips and tongue. She's in no hurry &#8212; it will take 20 minutes for Naboko to die, perhaps even longer. 
Li Chang feels herself getting more excited as she watches Naboko twist, writhe, and kick at the rope's end. She feels the hardness of the hangman's cock in her mouth; it's as if she can feel every pleasurable sensation she gives him coming right back between her own legs. She stretches out the blowjob, watching Naboko's death struggles out of the corner of her eye. The hangman isn't looking at her, of course. His head is turned so he can watch Naboko hang. 
Naboko's face turns red. Her tongue starts to protrude and her struggles weaken and slow down. After a while she no longer has the strength to do more than twitch slightly. Her eyes bug out and her face deepens from red to purple. Even the twitching stops. 
Li Chang speeds up now, sliding her lips rapidly up and down the hangman's shaft and flicking the most sensitive spots with her agile tongue. Her timing is perfect. The hangman groans and starts thrusting into her mouth just as Naboko twitches again, slowly drawing her legs up to her chest and letting them fall loosely again. Li Chang feels the orgasm she's been building up to as Naboko's final struggles slow down again and stop... and the hangman fills Li Chang's mouth with his cum. 
Two guards come, cut down Naboko's body, and take it away for burial. Another noose is slung over the crossbeam. Now it is Li Chang's turn. She stands, as gracefully as she knelt, glides underneath the noose, and waits for the hangman. She carefully refrains from swallowing &#8212; she wants to die with his semen in her mouth. 
She turns slowly and offers her hands to be tied behind her back, then turns to face the hangman again. He brings the little stand &#8212; less than a foot high &#8212; back and helps Li Chang climb up onto it. She bows her head to accept the noose as he fits it around her neck, looking closely at it as it passes over her head. It was measured to her neck earlier this week. It looks like the traditional Western noose with 13 coils, but there is a knot in the running line to stop it when it's just tight enough to strangle her, but not quickly, and not to shut off the blood to her brain. She will be able to savor her hanging. 
At last everything is ready. Li Chang stands proudly with the noose around her neck, her chest thrust forward to counterbalance her hands tied behind her. She is the center of attention &#8212; everyone is watching her. The hangman puts a hand on her hip as if to steady her; only she feels the lascivious squeeze he gives her as his hand slides into place. 
"Ready?" he asks quietly. 
"Oh yes!" she whispers back, "I came once from blowing you, and I expect at least one more." 
The hangman steps away and kicks the stand from under her. He starts to hum an old tune: 
Isn't it rich? 
Are we a pair? 
Me with my feet on the ground 
You in the air? 
but then he stops. An erotic moment like this would not be improved by clowns. 
Li Chang feels the noose tighten around her neck. Her breathing is labored now and she will soon have trouble getting enough air, but this is the moment she's been waiting for. The money her family will get paid for the privilege of snuffing her is nice, but she came here to experience this, the rope around her neck, the air under her feet. 
She begins rubbing her thighs together, stimulating herself. Her mouth is full of the hangman's salty semen, a symbol of life in her mouth even as she travels the road to death. She is able to keep this up for several minutes, but eventually her chest muscles get too weak to force enough air past the noose. She rubs more frantically now, racing against panic, unconsciousness, and death. 
Soon she can no longer control herself. Her hands twist, fighting the bonds holding them behind her back. Her legs flail trying to get a purchase on something or at least fling herself up in the air to get a little air past the knot. But she has waited too long and is too weak. She succeeds only in making the noose even tighter around her neck. 
Li Chang doesn't see her own face turn red and puffy, or notice when she starts to drool, but the hangman and spectators see it all. They see her flailing legs move faster and faster, then slower, then weaken to a sort of twitching. 
But there's a quiet after the storm. Her need for air seems to diminish. So does her awareness of the world around her. Her struggles slow down and she feels a quiet certainty, a sort of buzz. Her thighs rub together again without her thinking about it, and she feels another explosion of pleasure between her legs. Then her vision fades and all sensation goes away. She is floating, floating in the air with the noose around her neck. Everything is perfect. 
The hangman watches Li Chang's struggles slow down and stop. Looking at the way her thighs moved, he's fairly sure she had the second orgasm she was aiming for. 
Another few minutes, and Li Chang provides the watchers with her version of the final convulsion. Even dying she manages to be more graceful. 
The hangman leaves her body there for the guards to dispose of. He takes Li Chang's loincloth back to his girlfriend, waiting in his hotel room. They'll have a wonderful time tonight. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A. P. Damien


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





