BDSM Library - Four Vignettes




Four Vignettes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Four short snuff scenarios involving Barbie.






Four Vignettes
by A. P. Damien
NOTE: These are fantasies from my teenage years. I just glossed over the motivation, and the sex and strangulation are outlined rather than being described in detail as I usually do. 
Barbie's Big Mistake
Barbie and her boyfriend made a major mistake: they took a shipment of drugs they were supposed to deliver, and ran off with it. They ran and hid, fearing I would send goons to kill them. But that's not my way. Too crude, inefficient. 
I know that a message can reach farther and faster than a thousand spies, with more effect than a dozen enforcers. I put the word out that if they would come back I would hold no grudge against their friends and families. There was no mention of their own personal safety, of course. 
Sure enough, they showed up in less than a week. My doorman led them to my dungeon, where I told them to strip naked. They were tied to posts and given twelve lashes each, then given time to recover before receiving a second, and eventually a third dozen. 
A couple of my bodyguards helped her boyfriend onto a tall chair and tied his hands behind him. I slipped a noose over his head and snugged it up under his chin. I led her to stand on a trapdoor in front of him and put a noose around her neck too. Then I told them what was going to happen. 
Barbie wrapped her mouth around her boyfriend's penis and worked to arouse him. When he was good and hard, I knocked the chair over and left him hanging. This brings us to the fun part. 
If Barbie can make him come in her mouth before he loses consciousness, she earns a quick death: a long drop and a broken neck. He will be able to see her body hanging beneath him as his struggles slow to a stop, the last of his semen dripping down onto her face. But if he loses consciousness first, she will stand there until he dies, then she will hang slowly just as he did, strangling to death with a noose around her neck and his cock softening in her mouth. Perhaps he will come as he dies &#8212; too late to grant her a quick death &#8212; and she will be unable to swallow his come while the noose chokes the life out of her. 
While Barbie and her boyfriend are enjoying the hospitality of my gallows, a favored slave will make love to me with her mouth. She envies Barbie hanging there and hopes I will hang her someday. And who knows. If she is very good and makes me come just as Barbie's struggles come to an end, perhaps I will. 
Barbie's Choice
Barbie and her boyfriend have volunteered to die for my pleasure. I lead the two of them to my playroom, where I tie him, standing, to the wall. Barbie kneels in front of him and I tie her ankles together, then her wrists to her ankles to keep her in position. 
Barbie takes his cock in her mouth, and I wrap some netting around her head and his butt to keep them from getting separated. 
Finally, I tie a rope around each of their necks. Barbie will give him a blowjob and they will be strangled to death, but each of them gets to decide *when* the rope will tighten around their own neck. So many possibilities. 
For him... 
Perhaps he chooses to have the rope tighten as soon as Barbie starts blowing him, so he can have the pleasure of her mouth to distract him from strangling to death. 
Or perhaps he chooses to enjoy the blowjob without distraction and have the rope pull tight as soon as he comes. 
Or perhaps he chooses to wait to the last possible moment, to feel the pleasure of her hot mouth, then watch her mouth hang slack, her eyes protrude, her face turn red and then purple. Watching her die with a mouth full of his come that she can't swallow because of the rope impossibly tight around her neck, and at last see her final death spasm. Then the rope will grow tight and he will start to struggle for breath, but he will know what to expect from watching her go through it. 
And For Barbie... 
Perhaps she is confident of her ability to perform even without breathing, so she chooses to feel the rope tighten as soon as the blowjob is well started; working on him with her lips and tongue until he starts moaning loudly, then feel the rope bite into her neck while she continues sliding her lips up and down his cock. She lasts barely long enough to feel his semen gush into her mouth before she loses consciousness. 
Or perhaps she is less confident, and chooses to give him that last pleasure with her breathing unhindered, then feel the rope choke off her breathing as soon as he begins to come into her mouth, dying a few minutes later with her mouth full of his semen and still-shrinking penis. 
Or perhaps ... The rope strangles him from the very beginning while Barbie draws the pleasure out, making him come in her mouth less than a minute before he loses consciousness forever. Then she can swallow his come and watch his last struggles before her own throat is choked shut and she dies slowly, his cock still in her mouth, the rope so tight around her neck. 
The Fine Print
Nearly a year ago Barbie accepted me as her Master and signed a Slave Contract that gave me the right to take her life if I so choose. And of course our play has included a lot of breath control &#8212; I strangle Barbie while we fuck, or hang her until she's nearly unconscious before I cut her down and screw her brains out. 
But recently she's been cheating on me, visiting another Master's dungeon for torture sessions and even having sex with him. What she doesn't know is &#8212; he told me about it! 
So here she is, kneeling on the floor of my dungeon. I loop the cord from my bathrobe around her neck and grasp the ends. I offer her my cock, and she begins to pleasure me with her lips and tongue. As I enjoy her mouth, I begin to pull on the cord. I'm still letting her breathe, but she can feel it dig into her neck and know the threat &#8212; that it can, and will become tighter. 
I respond to her mouth by getting harder, and she redoubles her efforts to please me. After a few minutes I am good and hot, and she begins the steady movement of her lips and tongue over the head and shaft that she knows will make me come in her mouth. As she does so, I gradually tighten the cord around her neck until she can barely draw any air through it. I've left her a little opening so she can develop suction, but not really enough air to survive on for very long. 
After minutes that seem an eternity, she feels the changes in my cock that signal I'm about to come. She expects to be rewarded with my semen to swallow and a chance to breathe again. But instead... 
As I start to come I pull the cord as hard as I can. Her breath is completely cut off. I come into her mouth, but she can't swallow, so my semen remains, filling her mouth with the unique flavor she has come to associate with pleasuring me. Then I withdraw and let the last few drops coat her lips. 
Now I tell Barbie what I have found out. And she remembers that clause in her slave contract and realizes that she's going to die. But it's too late to fight me, she's too weak. And she realizes that she has earned this death, and as she thinks about it she finds the idea appropriate... even exciting. 
I watch as her face turns red, as she tries to swallow but can't, as the pressure of the cord around her neck forces her tongue out of her mouth. And hold on while her chest heaves and her body bucks in a desperate try for air that she cannot get. Her eyes start to bulge with the vain effort to breathe, and even as her body fights for air she feels the excitement mounting between her legs. Eventually she starts to fade out. Her eyes glaze over, everything turns red, and she realizes that she is coming, for the last time. The world turns grey, then black. Her face relaxes and the unswallowed come starts to dribble from her mouth. 
I hold on for minutes longer, while Barbie's face turns purple and the tension drains from her body. At last, I tie the cord off and send for a new slave to dispose of the body. 
Let us hope that she will behave better and not earn the disastrous lesson Barbie has received. Barbie: The Last Time
Barbie comes to me, offering herself as my slave. When I show her the slave contract, she sees all the usual clauses about obedience and service. But there are also two special clauses at the end, in big type with boxes next to them for her to initial that she's read them. 
The first says: Barbie agrees that this arrangement is not permanent, that Damien will keep her only until he tires of her. Barbie also understands that Damien has never kept a slave for more than two weeks. 
The second says: Barbie grants Damien the right to kill her in any way he pleases when he is tired of using her. 
And of course the usual clause about the master taking responsibility for the slave's safety and health has been crossed out in red ink. 
She thinks about that for a few seconds, then decides to go for it. Better a week of what she really wants than a long and dull life. And of course she knows from seeing me at the local bondage club that "any way he pleases" will involve some form of strangulation. 
Barbie gets to enjoy slightly over a week of my attentions. Screwing while she hangs, then letting her down for a second, incredible orgasm as she returns from semi-consciousness. Fucking her ass while choking her with a rope until she passes out. A variety of asphyxia delights using nooses, ropes, belts, my hands, and almost every possible position. 
Then I tell her I am growing tired of her, and give her a few hours to make her peace with the idea of death &#8212; and to say goodbye to anyone she trusts not to bring in the authorities. 


I put her on the bed on her hands and knees and attach her to the bed so she can't move her hands or feet. Her legs are slightly spread, leaving me free access to her private parts. 
Then I tie a soft cotton rope to one bedpost, run it once around her neck, over a pulley on the other bedpost, and tie a metal disk to the far end. I add a 1 pound weight to the disk, and she feels the rope start to tighten. Not too much, sort of like a man wearing a necktie and a shirt that's 1/4 inch too small. 
I add more weights, slowly, a few ounces every 15 minutes. After a while, she feels the rope start to bite into her neck, but she can still breathe OK. At this point I climb up behind her and take her doggie style. 
I add more weights, and the rope gets a little tighter each time. After a few hours I can hear the breath rasp in her throat. I've gotten hard again, so I kneel in front of her and allow her to pleasure me with her mouth. She manages to swallow all my semen, even though the rope makes swallowing painful. 
Over the next two days I use her for my pleasure from time to time, while occasionally adding more weight. And in between taking my pleasure of her, I sometimes finger her to orgasm. By the evening of the second day, the rope is so tight that her breathing reflex isn't enough &#8212; it takes conscious effort for her to get enough air. I take off a few ounces &#8212; I don't want her to die in her sleep. 
In the morning I offer her the chance to please me with her mouth one last time. 
As I come in her mouth I add back the weights I took off last night. It's all she can do to breathe, swallowing is beyond her, she's stuck with a mouthful of my semen. 
And I resume the game of adding a few ounces at a time. After some hours, her breathing becomes quite loud and irregular. She stops breathing for nearly a minute at a time before the pain in her lungs forces her to make the effort to pull in another breath. When I take a few minutes to play with her pussy, the extra oxygen demand from her orgasm nearly kills her. 
Now, seeing she's almost done, I enter her asshole, then add the final ounce of weight. She thrashes around as the pressure builds up in her chest, then finally forces her overloaded chest muscles to pull in another breath. The same thing happens again, and yet again, but each time it's harder. 
She's losing the race. 
I don't move at all within her &#8212; her twisting and writhing provides all the stimulation I need. I watch her face turn red in the headboard mirror. Then I reach down and finger her pussy as she slowly runs out of air and loses consciousness. The last things she feels are the burning in her chest, the rope tight around her neck, and a final orgasm as my hand does it's work on her clit. As her struggles slow down I start moving rapidly in her asshole, filling it with my semen just before her body stops moving... forever.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A. P. Damien


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





