BDSM Library - The Execution Center




The Execution Center
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A fox reports to the execution center to be garroted. It turns out talked his master into signing the execution order. A wolf kindly takes care of the fox's needs.






The Public Execution Area
by A. P. Damien
This story was inspired by the Dolcett drawing public.jpg. It takes the form of a movie script, with stage directions, dialog, etc. 
fade in
INTERIOR, a hallway, a heavy wooden door at the far end.
Walls are painted a uniform color, no artwork, like a hospital (or jail). There is a white rectangle on the door, and benches on either side of it.
A young FOX-morph (bipedal) walks down the hallway. The camera follows him. As he approaches the door, we see that the rectangle has lettering on it, and we read it over his shoulder: 



Do not enter more than 15 minutes before your scheduled time.
Do *NOT* be late.




The FOX looks up at a clock over the door, then sits down on one of the benches. He looks composed, perhaps a trifle impatient.
Time passes (the clock hands move forward, covering 10 minutes in a few seconds).
The FOX looks at the clock again, then gets up and takes hold of the handle. As he pulls the door open, we again get an impression of it being thick and heavy.
Dissolve to:
INTERIOR, a room with three heavy chairs
The chairs are a little like old-style barber chairs, the kind that go up and down on a pole. But these chairs have an open back. Each chair has manacles on the arms and legs. A wooden post sticks up above each chair back; there is a hole drilled through each post and a loop of thin rope passes through the hole. 
One of the chairs is occupied by a naked female CAT-morph. The manacles lock her wrists and ankles to the chair.
A BEAR-morph stands behind the CAT, with a heavy stick threaded through the loop. The BEAR is holding the ends of the stick, exerting some effort to hold it in place. The CAT's head is slumped over as if asleep, but her back is arched and her chest taut.
A second chair stands empty, and the third chair looks very much the worse for wear. The leather padding on the arms is clawed up and some of the stuffing ripped out; one of the wrist-manacles is broken, the other rather bent, both ankle-restraints are also in bad shape. The wooden post at the back has a crack half-way through it, and the chair seems to sit slightly tilted on its pole.
FOX turns his gaze from this to another sign on the wall
CAMERA pan to the sign




Remove all clothing, place on shelf.
Take a seat in the next available chair.
An executioner will be with you shortly.






FOX does as instructed, stripping off his clothing and folding it neatly on one shelf of what looks like a linen closet with no door. FOX sits down in the nearest empty chair, his tail sticking out through the open back.
Time passes (the clock hands move forward, covering 5 to 6 minutes in a few seconds).
FOX begins drumming his right hand on the arm.
Time passes, (dissolve, show the clock moving forward, etc.)
FOX looks more and more impatient. Then he seems to fall into a reverie of some sort, probably a sexual fantasy -- his penis gradually grows erect.
Eventually a WOLF-morph comes over and greets the FOX.
WOLF
Welcome to the Dolcett memorial execution center. It'll be my pleasure to serve as your executioner today.
FOX comes awake with a jerk.
FOX (angry)
It's about fuckin time. My appointment was nearly 1/2 hour ago.
WOLF
I'm sorry. We had one victim earlier today who fought like a tigress -- literally: she was one. We're still not finished repairing the damage.
WOLF gestures toward the damaged chair.
FOX
Not my problem.
WOLF
Hmmm..."
WOLF pauses, looks at a clipboard in his hands.
WOLF
Let's see what you're in here for..."
WOLF makes humming noises while reading the paper on top.
WOLF
I see your master sent you here for 'a bad attitude'. Fits you to a tee, I'd say.
FOX stares arrogantly at WOLF.
WOLF
Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
FOX
Eat me!
WOLF
Glad to. Spit-roast, oven-roast, stew, pan-fried, or sushi?
FOX
I didn't mean that literally, you turkey. It was an insult. Tell you what, though... How about a last fuck?
WOLF
Glad to oblige. Let me revise my greeting. It will be my pleasure to serve as your executioner today. Well, let's get you set up.
WOLF fastens the manacles tightly around FOX's hind legs, then (somewhat looser) around FOX's forelegs. He pulls the thin rope over FOX's head and around his neck. Then he puts one foot on a pedal.
The chair rises slowly until the seat of the chair is nearly level with WOLF's shoulders.
WOLF
Now... you said you wanted me to eat you, right?
FOX (confused for about 2 seconds, then grins)
Uh... Yeah!
WOLF grasps FOX by the hips and pulls him forward until FOX's butt is barely in the chair. WOLF leans over and wraps his mouth around FOX's penis. WOLF begins moving his head up and down, but slowly, about one stroke a second.
FOX draws air in noisily as he feels WOLF's mouth on his cock. Then he starts moaning. After about a minute, the moans turn to frustrated sounds as WOLF maintains the same slow rhythm.
WOLF stops, pushes FOX's hips back, leaving him sitting against the (partly open) back of the chair.
WOLF presses another pedal, and the chair starts going down.
WOLF
Now it's your turn, if you like.
FOX
I like, I like!
The chair lowers all the way to the floor.
FOX leans forward and wraps his muzzle around WOLF's cock, sucking it greedily.
WOLF stands, hands on hips, for about 30 seconds to 1 minute, then pulls back.
FOX tries to move forward to keep WOLF in his muzzle, but the manacles prevent him.
WOLF
Time for the main event, little foxie.
FOX
Hey! I may be submissive and cute, but I am not little. 
WOLF Looks FOX up and down (camera pans to match), especially noting the erection which is already dribbling a little precum.
WOLF
I guess not. But it's still time for you to get fucked and strangled.
FOX grins.
WOLF refastens the manacles on FOX's forepaws very tight. We can see them digging into FOX's wrists.
WOLF steps around behind FOX. He puts one foot on a pedal and the chair rises a couple of feet.
WOLF reaches back without looking and takes a small tube off a shelf behind him. He smears some on his erect (and dripping) cock.
WOLF
Ready or not...
FOX raises his tail and twists it to one side, uncovering his tailhole.
WOLF presses the end of his cock against FOX's anus.
FOX
Yes! Go ahead!
WOLF slowly pushes into FOX.
FOX (breathy, drawn out)
yeaaah.
FOX yelps.
WOLF
A little long for you, huh?
FOX
Uhhh. Yeah.
WOLF pulls back a couple of inches.
WOLF
That's OK. You'll be able to tolerate it in a minute or two.
FOX (sighs in relief/pleasure)
I have a confession to make.
WOLF
There's a priest down the hall. Should I call him in?
FOX
No, it's not a religious-type confession. You'll do fine. That order of execution... I typed it up and gave it my Master to sign.
WOLF (expels breath)
Huh! You got a death wish or something?
FOX
I'll admit this is making me hot, but no, that's not why.
WOLF
Then how come?
FOX
My master is a tiger, and he's bi. He alternates, he prefers males for a few years, then he'll want females for a few years. He's always had a wandering eye, but lately he's been looking at the femme-furs, and I knew he was getting ready for a change. And he's never really been good at figuring out his own feelings. 
I didn't want him to go through that, and I certainly didn't want to be sent away. So I typed that up and gave it to him. He looked at it, looked surprised, then gave me a long look. "I guess you're right," he said, and picked up a pen and signed it.
He'll find a nice vixen or she-otter or marten or something and be happy for another five years or so. And I get an ending suitable for one of Damien's slaves.
WOLF (grunts)
Unh huh.
FOX
So now you know.
WOLF
Now I know. Ready?
FOX
Ready.
WOLF inserts a stick into the rope loop and twists it rapidly.
FOX stiffens as he feels the rope squeeze his neck, then consciously relaxes.
WOLF begins to stroke slowly in and out of FOX.
FOX sits quietly, a dreamy look on his face, for about 20 seconds. Then he starts to look uncomfortable, and he tenses up.
WOLF gives the stick another full turn. He continues to stroke in and out.
FOX begins to writhe in the chair. His chest arches as he strains for breath. His cock is fully erect, pressing against his belly and dripping precum, about one drop a second.
WOLF slowly pushes all the way into FOX.
FOX pushes back against WOLF. FOX's cock is now dripping a steady stream.
FOX writhes harder. His face has an intent look, and he thrusts his pelvis forward several times.
WOLF (shouts)
Yes! Yes! Oh yes!
FOX spurts semen onto his belly. Some drips down onto his thighs and the plush leather seat of the chair.
WOLF pulls out of FOX, but still holds the stick in both hands.
Time passes.
FOX slumps down in the chair.
Time passes
The BEAR comes over, checks the pulse at FOX's neck.
BEAR
He's done.
WOLF
I know. I'll bet his Master will enjoy the footage from our cameras.
WOLF releases the stick.
FOX's body slumps forward slightly.
WOLF removes the cord from FOX's neck and unfastens the manacles.
WOLF and BEAR carry the body out the door.
FADE OUT.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  A. P. Damien


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





