BDSM Library - Inappropriate Redhead Daughter Story




Inappropriate Redhead Daughter Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    In this story, a father is seduced by his beautiful fiery redhead daughter. Their vanilla relationship takes a turn for the evil, however, when she blackmails a pair of twins to join reluctantly in their fun, and the dad and daughter spend a night horrifically tormenting and raping the pair.






Inappropriate Redhead Daughter Story



Description: In this story, a father is seduced by his beautiful fiery redhead daughter. Their vanilla relationship takes a turn for the evil, however, when she blackmails a pair of twins to join reluctantly in their fun, and the dad and daughter spend a night horrifically tormenting and raping the pair.



An important disclaimer: Everything in this story is purely fantasy, and should never happen in real life. Each character and event is purely fictional. The plot involves actions which are immensely, inexcusably morally wrong. If you have any hesitation about this distinction between fantasy and real life, or about the distinction between right and wrong, you must stop reading now and should seek counseling. An additional note: no character in this story should be assumed to be underage in any legal jurisdiction. 







---

I need to tell you a story. It's going to start out sounding fairly gentle given, you know, the context. But the story takes a sudden turn towards more frightening realities, and by the end, you'll understand why I'm telling it to you.

 

You see, not too long ago, my daughter Rachel here announced at dinner, out of the blue, that she wanted to have sex and she wanted me to be her first. 

 

It was just me and her in the room--her mother died long ago--but of course such an announcement is shocking. I rejected the notion out of hand. At first. But she pleaded with me, and she is very beautiful. She cajoled me, telling me she had sexual desires she could never let her schoolmates know about, that it had to be with someone she could fully trust. She wore clothes over the next few days that showed me just how ready she was. She sat on my lap begging, kissed me tenderly, tweaked my nipples while I pretended not to even consider the notion. She treated me to beautiful puppy-dog pleading eyes framed by her so-sexy, so-cute wavy red locks�punctuated by her exasperating and heart-stopping wry grin. And I did capitulate finally. So she told me she would let me know when it was time.

 

She came home with a report card of all B's a few days later, and as was standard, I had her prepare for a spanking. She pulled down her pants to reveal she was wearing nothing at all beneath them. I played it cool, straightened my hardening cock, and began the punishment.

 

After I finished the twenty-five swats against her bare bottom Rachel took several seconds to compose herself. She then said, without looking at me, "Okay, Daddy, it's time."

 

I gulped. "Now?" I asked. I was incredulous. I'd just spanked her as hard as I could. I couldn't believe she'd choose now of all times.

 

Now she turned, and from the look on her face it was clear that she was ready. Or that she felt ready, anyway. "Yeah. It's time, right now Dad." Even as her cheeks remained wet from tears she walked up to me aggressively and began pushing me back toward the couch. I nearly tripped. I mean, I'd made a promise, sure, but this was all happening so suddenly.

 

She climbed up on top of me and cupped my face in her hands, and went right in for the kiss. I hardly understood what I was feeling. I mean, a woman's tongue is not something I'm a stranger too. But I hadn't felt anything so young, so vibrant, in years. Decades I have to admit. And this wasn't a woman, this was my daughter.

 

Then she lowered her pussy down onto my still-clothed, very hard and uncomfortable dick. I groaned involuntarily, and felt her grin as she kissed me. Now she reached down and began undoing my pants. There was no belt down there of course, since I'd just used it on her ass. 

 

"Okay," I said. "We're doing this. Okay." I helped her with my pants. She gaped happily at the sight of my erection for a moment, then turned to face me again, an overwhelmed look of eager lust in her face as she leaned in again and kissed me deeply. Then she drew back and we locked eyes. I felt her lift her pelvis up, the slowly draw it forward.

 

So of course, skin touching your dick feels nice. But this was electric. This was not just any skin, this was pussy skin. Shaved as it turned out. The skin of the pussy of the girl looking deeply and longingly into my eyes. The girl grinning sideways, knowing how wrong this was. The girl who was my daughter. So it wasn't just skin contact. It was electricity the second I felt it. We both jumped with the incontrollable pleasure of it. Then we laughed, and she gingerly lowered herself down again. This time we controlled ourselves, and I watched with hopeless gratitude as she closed her eyes, moaned, and began stroking herself back and forth against the length of my dick.

 

She did this for a good long while, occasionally looking up at me and smiling almost demurely in her lust, as though embarrassed but pleased that I'd just walked in on her dancing alone in her room. Then she'd look back down and concentrate on pleasuring herself. And her pleasure was all mine.

 

Finally, when she could take it no more, she shifted slightly and now I felt pressure at the head of my penis. This was happening. She began pushing down, begging with her wincing high pitched moans for my dick to invade her womb. She managed to breathe out some words "Don't cum until I do okay Daddy?" I panted my assent, and she got herself down onto my dick--one inch, two, up and down as I began thrusting myself upwards into my daughter's cunt. Finally the slipperiness of her juices took full effect and she met no resistance as she forced herself down to my dick, all the way to the hilt. She pushed herself downwards even after she was all the way down the staff, striving to force my dick to brush against her cervix. Then she humped upward and downward one time, and we were goners. Blind, unhampered fucking commenced. It took all my control to prevent myself from squirting my load into her ovaries, but I did manage.

 

Somewhere in all the frenzy she or I had removed our shirts, and I was busy teasing her nipples when she finally collapsed, every muscle in her body tightening as she twitched, her head pressed down on my chest as she had her first orgasm on my cock. I stroked her sides, her back, her ass, her legs as she continued to spasm on top of me, my every touch preserving her in her orgasmic state as she sighed and yelped in turn from the waves of intense pleasure.

 

It had to end sometime, and when it did, she lifted herself up weakly. I began tentatively thrusting, now eager to cum, and she grinned at this--then lifted up off of me. "I'm done, Dad, thanks that was awesome," she said, grinning evilly. 

 

"Um..."

 

She laughed.

 

"So are we... am I..."

 

Still laughing, she said "Dad, you're a perv! Wanting to cum inside your own daughter!" But as she said this, she climbed down between my legs, and grinned up at me with her face very near to my dick. "Alright perv," she said in a friendly and matter of fact tone. "Let's see if you can control yourself," and, grinning, she took my cock in her hands and began rubbing it against her face.

 

I began thrusting my pelvis involuntarily, and she looked up, "I'm serious, Dad. No cumming til I say so. If you cum before I say so, you're never seeing this body again, understand?"

 

Shit. "Yes," I sighed, and resigned myself to a long afternoon with possibly nothing to show for it at the end.

 

Rachel spent several long minutes teasing my cock with her face. She began by rubbing it all over her cheeks, her lips, her eyes, moaning and smiling at me as she did so. When she opened her mouth and began licking her pussy juices off of it, I closed my eyes and moaned involuntarily, arching my back and praying not to cum. Rachel laughed, "Nope, Dad, you gotta keep looking." So I forced myself to watch my daughter as she first licked my dick up and down from every angle, then began eagerly going down on me.

 

Any time I would begin pumping up and down in response, she'd stop til I calmed down. Then she'd resume. The noises escaping from my mouth were ludicrous but I was desperate. As I pleaded and begged with her, she simply snickered while continuing to mistreat me by providing as much ecstatic pleasure to my cock as she knew how.

 

Just as I was feeling like I could take no more and was preparing to cum into and all over her face--even knowing this would mean my access to her would be ended forever--she lifted her face off of my dick. Lucking up at me, her lips swollen, her eyes dreamy, she murmered "Okay, next step." I watched, not understanding her plan, as she lay her naked body down on the floor in front of me, tummy down, ass up. She turned to me over her shoulder, reached down with one hand and began playing with her pussy. "Do you want to cum, dad?"

 

I didn't lie. 

 

"Okay, you'll cum soon. But first you're going to lick my asshole til I cum again.

 

So this was not something I had ever done, or even pondered, prior to this point. It says something about how desperate I was that when she said this I didn't even hesitate. I eagerly went down to the floor, spread her asscheeks, and stuck out my tongue.

 

While my daughter brought herself to orgasm--taking her time, enjoying it, easing up each time her orgasm began to build up--I used my tongue to make love to her anal sphincter. I took pleasure in hearing the way my movements led directly to her squeals of pleasure. She was taking charge of this meeting, but in this position, my tongue had all the power--and most importantly, had the power to prod her to that orgasm which I was sure would mean I'd finally get my turn.

 

She did finally allow herself to cum. I kept licking through her orgasm until she finally hissed in overwhelmed pleasurable soreness "Okay stop."

 

I did stop, but crept up to place my face at her shoulders and neck, and began nuzzling and kissing my daughter's back, shoulders, neck and ears. I could see her smiling happily as I did so, and my heart lept in anticipation every time my dick "accidentally" touched the back of her leg or an asscheek.

 

"Okay," she giggled, "you can fuck my ass if you want to."

 

I wanted to. But as I almost immediately placed the tip of my dick onto the entrance my tongue had just prepared, she called out again "But no cumming yet. Just keep fucking me til I cum again."

 

Jesus Christ!

 

But if fucking my own flesh and blood was bad enough, raping her would be even worse. So I did as I was told, crying (I mean, almost literally, with tears) "Oh my God!" as my dick reveled in the warm encapsulating flesh of her colon. She herself was crying out as well, in tones that could as easily have been agony as pleasure, but she didn't ask me to stop, and I didn't. Instead she used her hand once again to stroke her clit while I fucked her ass. I came so close to cumming so many times. My powers of self control went beyond anything I knew I was capable of. 

 

She finally had her third orgasm, clenching my dick with her ass while her body quaked with the insane pleasure of it. She screamed over and over again for what seemed like a full minute as I drilled as deeply into her as I could. I bit her back, prolonging her sensation. And finally she collapsed, unable to maintain the intensity of her orgasm. "Okay, get off," she said breathily but nonchalantly. I was not going to cum inside her ass apparently.

 

Disappointed, but aware that I had no real say here, I pulled out and leaned back. She turned over, exposing her beautiful breasts to me, still smiling, completely exhausted. She grabbed my hair and pulled me in to kiss her deeply. As she did so, she scooted back a little, then pushed my face down onto her breasts. I kissed her nipples for a few seconds before she continued pushing, and I knew where this was going. 

 

She'd had three orgasms already, but had clearly decided to be insatiable. I now began licking her pussy, and finally, put my mouth on my daughter's clitoris.

 

She crudely wrapped her legs around my head, tightly clamping me into place, and I nearly felt like I was going to suffocate. But she didn't take so long for this fourth orgasm, and once it was over, she said "Okay dad, you can fuck my breasts now."

 

I climbed up onto her tummy and placed my cock between her breasts. She seemed to take an unusual amount of physical pleasure in this, using her hands to enclose me between her breasts, and using her thumbs to rub the head of my cock. As I began fucking her breasts, I had to ask, as humiliating as it was to do so. "Can I cum now, Rachel?" She laughed heartily, stretching it out as I continued hopefully fucking her breasts, and finally, she sighed, and said "Yes, daddy, you may cum on my breasts."

 

Then she bit my nipple, and I came almost immediately, squirting my semen all over her chest, her neck and her chin. I groaned loudly in relief as it all came spilling out, even as she continued clamping down hard on my nipple. When she finally let it go, and I'd finally finished putting my spunk on her, she pushed me up to a sitting position, and placed her fingers in the cum puddle on her neck.

 

Now she let me watch as she cleaned herself off.

 

As we were both coming down from our sex high, I climbed off of her and simply lay on the floor next to her. She let me put a hand on her leg, wedged right up against her pussy. "Dad, thanks, that was awesome" she said. 

 

"You're welcome?"

 

"You can see now why I wanted it to be you and not... the boys at school."

 

"What do you mean?"

 

"I mean, I'm such a... I'm such a complete slut. If I let a boy do any of those things to me I'd turn into the school rapewhore in a heartbeat. If I asked to be spanked, I'd never hear the end of it in the halls. And no boy would like, lick my ass like you did. I knew I could get you to do it if I made you desperate enough, but the boys at school, they would just be like 'fuck you bitch' and they'd take me however they wanted me."

 

"Really?" I asked, wide eyed. This was not the high school environment I'd grown up in.

 

"Never mind, I don't want to talk about it," she said, and we just lay there and rested for a good long while.

 

 "Since you were good," she said as I was beginning to nod off for a nap, "I'm going to sleep with you in your bed tonight. I'm in charge. Okay?"

 

"Okay," I said, and we slept for an hour or two on the floor.



---

 

After we'd napped, then got dressed, ate dinner, then cuddled in front of the TV, it was finally time to go to bed. I was ecstatically anticipating further fun times with my daughter but did not want to presume, even given that she'd kind of promised more fun earlier that day. But finally it was she who suggested that we go to bed, and taking my hand in hers, walked me to my bedroom.

 

We stood by my bed kissing for a long while, slowly removing each other's clothes. Once we were nude, she laid down, pulling me gently down on top of her, keeping her eyes locked on mine, smiling as she pulled me into position, placed my cock at the entrance to her pussy. 

 

And so we made vanilla, missionary style love for a long while. I finally was allowed to cum, not on her, but in her. Intensely aware that this was my daughter I was fucking, I pushed as powerfully as I could into her womb, attempting to deposit my sperm into her as deeply as I could, reveling in her pleasured shrieks of pain as I touched, and lightly penetrated, her cervix with my cock.

 

Having finished, I lay next to her and used my hand on her til she had had an orgasm as well.

 

"Daddy, I want you to fuck me like that ten times tonight."

 

I laughed, "You do know a man has to recover, right?"

 

She turned to look at me. "I know. And I know it will start hurting you after the second or third time. But I don't care. Fucking make love to me ten goddamn times tonight." She said this in the sweetest tone. Such words coming from such an innocent face.

 

I kissed her, and began the second bout. In the end, though I got no real sleep and she had to cajole me all night, poking me every time I dozed, I did manage to fuck her over and over again. Probably more than ten times, actually, but I lost count.

 

---

 

 

Things remained basically vanilla between us for a long while. I mean, she was a little kinky. She enjoyed being spanked, for example. And rim-jobs a-plenty were given in both directions. And she would sometimes tie herself up and allow me to cum all over (and in) her for a day. But nothing particularly rapey or anything like that. The craziest it got was "Sex Twister." This was a game she made up, using a twister board. We'd play Twister as normal, but after each spin, whoever's turn it was had to find a way to keep their hands and feet in place while rubbing their genitals against some part of the partner's body. Every time she fell over, we added ten to a total number of swats she was going to get before we fucked after the game. And every time I fell over, I had to cross off a random item from a list of all the activities she would perform on me while we fucked. The list looked like this:



Lick Daddy's cock

Go down on Daddy for ten minutes.

Deep-throat Daddy.

Kiss Daddy's nipples.

Lick Daddy's asshole.

Stroke Daddy's cock with my hands.

French-kiss Daddy.

Hump Daddy's leg.

Fuck Daddy with my ass.

Fuck Daddy with my pussy.

Fuck Daddy with my tits.

Swallow Daddy's cum.

Put Daddy's cum on my face.

Let Daddy hurt my nipples.

Let Daddy kiss my nipples.

Let Daddy eat my pussy.

Let Daddy slap my pussy.

Let Daddy eat my ass.

Let Daddy slap my tits.

 

We also got her a fake ID so I could take her to sex shops. We got into a routine--ever weekday after school she would immediately strip, shower, put her hair up and put on a sexy corset and heels with no underwear. She would sit snuggled up to me on the couch, and we'd idly stroke each other while watching porn, til finally we were undressed and ready for sex--but then we'd play Twister for half an hour or so to find out just how many times I'd be hitting her and just what activities we were going to engage in. She was happy, I was happy, it was a good life to be honest.



---- 



One day, she came home with a surprise. This is where things take the turn I mentioned at the outset. I heard the front door open, and began dropping my pants in anticipation of our couch "cuddling," when I looked up to see her and two other girls walking into the living room. I recognized the two girls--Kamilla and Karisha, two identical twins my daughter's age who had moved here several years ago from somewhere in Eastern Europe. They were half white, half some kind of asiatic or Siberian or something, extremely beautiful girls. Tall, leggy, fit athletes, both in honor society with my daughter. The two girls, upon seeing my nakedness and erectness, appeared to be extremely embarrased, and in shock I started pulling my pants back up but Rachel just laughed, "No it's okay Dad, the girls are going to join us today."

 

"Honey," I said, still pulling up my pants, "This is not wise. We can't let others know about... about..." I stumbled, trying to find a way out of the situation.

 

Rachel approached me and kneeled down, pulling my pants gently back down. "No seriously, it's fine. I caught the girls cheating on a test, took a video of it and everything. If anybody finds out, they will be kicked out of honors. Their parents will be super pissed and they'll never make it into college. Hell they'll probably be shipped back to the Old Country or whatever to marry their cousins. Their lives'd be ruined. So I told them come stay with us for a weekend and I'd forget what I'd seen." And down she began to tug on my underwear, exposing my newfound erection to the three girls.

 

I looked up at Kamilla and Karisha. They were staring agape at the site of their classmate on her knees in front of her daddy's erect cock, their arms folded protectively in front of them. But they weren't screaming or running. They were standing there, as though ready to take whatever was about to happen. "Is this true, girls?" I asked. "You're going to keep this a secret or else get kicked out of school and ruin your lives forever?"

 

The two girls nodded together, hesitantly, as though wishing not to acknowledge this doom. Then Kamilla looked up directly at me. "Yes we... we promise we won't tell." She looked at her sister for confirmation, and got it with quiet nod.



To be clear, though their parents were from somewhere in Europe, these were one hundred percent American girls. No meek accents, no confusion about social cues. They were just everyday girls who were terrified of getting in trouble and did not want to lose their chance at college and get shipped to some country they'd never been to.

 

Realizing what an opportunity I had, I finally I stepped out of my pants. Rachel grinned evilly, and said quiety, "Yes!" Then she stood up. "First, we punish them. Girls, turn around and put your hands on the table."

 

The girls, taken aback, started, then did as they were told, bending over, thrusting their clothed asses out at us. Rachel went over to them, reached around Karisha's waist and undid her belt. She then yanked the girl's shorts down around her ankles. Then, after kissing the girl's leg, making her squirm, Rachel pulled the girl's underwear down, exposing her ass. 

 

This is when both sisters began to quietly sob, realizing this was really happening. 

 

"Stay still," she said to Karisha, and then moved over to Kamilla, pulling her skirt and underwear down to her feet as well. Then as the two girls continued quietly choking back sobs, Karen brought Karisha's belt over to me. It was leather with a number of metal and plastic crystal-like studs in it. "I don't know how many times you should hit them," she said.

 

This was it. I was about to abuse a couple of girls who were basically not willing participants. I mean, they'd agreed, but I didn't pretend that made this consensual. 

 

I took the belt in hand, then kissed Rachel deeply. She went a little weak, gave a little moan at this. "You strip," I said, and as she began immediately to comply I said "I'll figure out the right number as I go."

 

Now addressing the twins, I said "Do you guys get spanked at home?"

 

Both girls wailed, "Noooooo!"

 

"Alright, then I should tell you. You don't move your feet, you don't move your hands, and you keep your asses sticking out, understand?"

 

"Yeeeheeheeess!" they cried in abject fear.

 

"Just because it's your first time that is not going to fly as an excuse. You obey or I keep going for even longer. Are you ready?"

 

Neither girl said "yes" but both emitted a kind of mortified squeal of "mmhmm?!" And so I let loose.

 

I had spanked Rachel before, as previously described, but this was something entirely new. Rachel had been a willing and pleased participant, and the pain had been a tool for her pleasure as much as mine. But as I beat these two girls, I had no concern for their feelings--or actually, I had great concern for their feelings, but in the opposite direction than they surely had--and their squeals and screams were by no means play-acting or expressions of a punctuated frustration of lust. Not at all. These girls were hurting. They were terrified. They were humilliated. And I was the one in control of all this. My cock became so erect it hurt.

 

Meanwhile my daughter rachel sat behind me in a comfy chair, nude, rubbing herself off with a passionate grin at me whenever I looked back at her.

 

The girls' asses and legs were bruised, the studs on the belt causing a pattern of red spots to form with each blow. I knew those asses would belong to my cock before the girls went home, and I was hoping to find a way to make it hurt them, with spikes on my legs or something. I knew I had no such equipment laying around but the fantasy was nice.

 

After a while my arm tired, and I paused for a moment while the two girls keened. At this point Rachel got up and walked over to them. "You girls learn your lesson yet?" she asked chipperly.

 

"Yes Ma'am!" they cried, but she just laughed, not deigning to answer this obvious ploy. Instead, she sat down right behind them, reached up with her hands, and began massaging both girl's pussies.

 

The girls shrieked in shock, and squirmed away. But she grabbed their legs with a pinching grip. "Stay still or you get more of the belt!" The girls obeyed, and Rachel continued the pussy massage.

 

The girls now moaned with discomfort, but the moans slowly became desperate in a different way. "Sluts!" Rachel laughed. "Oh you bitches. Alright I'll make one of you cum. The first one to cum gets a break. The other one? More belt, and not just on the ass."

 

Karisha, on the right, now spoke up, "Please, please let us go. We won't cheat again!"

 

Even I laughed at that. Rachel answered, "Cunt, why do you think we give a fuck about that? We're here to rape your asses. Do you seriously not get that you're being blackmailed?"

 

Then she resumed the pussy-stroking. "Which of you bitches will betray your sister by cumming while we whip her? Which will it be, hm?"

 

The two girls stood there, straddling Rachel's hands, trying desperately not to be the first to cum, but struggling with the increasing pressure of temptation and the prospect of further whipping. I simply idly stroked myself while sitting in the same chair Rachel had been in a few minutes before, enjoying the show as the two gilrs helplessly wiggled their asses, eventually simply baldly masturbating on Rachel's hands while she herself moaned and cheered them on evily. Finally Karisha started yelling, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I have to cum!"

 

Karisha yelled back "No you fucking bitch!" But it was too late. 

 

The moment Karisha collapsed to the floor, twitching in orgasm, Rachel withdrew her hand from Kamilla, leaving her standing there, stranded, on the brink but with no satisfaction. Instead Rachel took Karisha's legs and separated them, immediately attacking Karisha's pussy with her hand, using her fingers as a fake dick, using her thumb to directly stroke Karisha on the clit, while Karisha shrieked in continued orgasm, begging Rachel to stop but unable to move away as the powerful orgasm took in her whole body.

 

Rachel finally stopped when she was good and ready, giving Karisha's pussy a hard final slap as she stopped, causing Karisha to yelp and curl over on her side. Looking up at Kamilla, who wept as she continued to stand in spanking position, she commanded her, "Turn around, take off your shirt and bra, and put your hands on the table behind you."

 

Whimpering, Kamilla said "Yes ma'am," and complied, affording us a frontal view of her entire sexy body. I still had the belt in hand, and Rachel now gestured toward me. "She's all yours dad," she said smiling, and scooted over towards Karisha, who was still twitching and trembling in the afterglow of the evil orgasm she'd just been through.

 

I stood up, wielding Kamilla's belt. "Please," she begged. "Please don't hit me anymore."

 

I walked towards her, and grinned sheepishly. "Kamilla, you shouldn't have cheated."

 

She closed her eyes and sobbed facing the ceiling, helpless. I landed my first blow, hard, across the front of her right thigh. She yelped and lifted that leg up. "Uh oh," I said. "Leg's supposed to stay on the floor!"

 

"I'm sorry I'm sorry!" she yelled putting the leg back down.

 

"Don't do it again."

 

"Yes sir!" she cried, and I immediately landed a second blow, hard, exactly where the first had been. Heroically keeping her hands on the table and her feet on the floor, she bent over several degrees, her body reflexively closing off to the agony of it. Then I hit her other thigh.

 

As she practically barked in pain through the next several swats, I could see below us that Rachel had wrestled Karisha into a position sitting down between Rachel's legs, looking up at her sister's punishment, with Rachel's hand down between Karisha's legs. Rachel was going to make Karisha cum while watching Kamilla get whipped. 

 

Grinning, my cock desperate, I began to spread my beating around. I hit Kamilla's breasts.

 

Kamilla broke, wailing in pain and reaching up to fold her arms across her chest. "You broke the rule again, Kamilla." Kamilla quickly moved to replace her hands on the table, but it was too late. I explained to her what her special punishment would be, then carried it out.

 

The I hit each of these body parts three times: each leg, each breast, and each nipple. And I did it with her belt buckle. Then, when I was finished and she was in a state of simply shrieking uncontrollably, I switched back to the strap portion of the belt, and continued the beating til Karisha below us finally came, her yells of stolen pleasure mixing with Kamilla's agonized screams.

 

I needed to get my dick taken care of. Rachel did not disappoint on this. After Karisha's second orgasm was over, Rachel forced the girls to their knees, taking their hair behind them in two handfuls, and pushed them over to my cock. The two girls, still crying uncontrollably, made disgusted faces as my manhood was thrust into their faces, but this just added to the fun as I took the tops of their heads and began guiding my cock between their faces. Rachel and I turned their heads so that both had their lips on my cock, and at our command, the two girls opened their mouths, allowing me to fuck myself silly between their open mouths, their tongues providing a wonderful pulsing lubrication.

 

I took turns with the girls then, spending a while raping Karisha's sobbing face, then Kamilla's broken countenance. But of course after all the shenanigans it didn't take long. I squirted my cum all over Kamilla first, then Rachel pushed the two girl's faces together, bidding them to clean the cum up with their tongues, but not to swallow.

 

The girls reluctantly manouvered my cum off of Kamilla's face into Karisha's mouth, and where Karisha had rubbed cum onto her face, this was deposited into Kamilla's mouth. When both their faces were good and full of my semen, Rachel commanded them to french kiss each other. As they did, and as they wept, my cum dribbled out of their locked mouths and onto their breasts and legs--and so they continued with another round of humiliating cleanup. After the second deep cum kiss, they were now allowed to swallow after getting the further spit/cum dregs that had fallen onto each other's bodies during the second kiss.

 

"Oh my god," I said. It had been truly awesome. And this was just the first part of the first evening of a projected three days of fun. "Oh my god," I said again.

 

The two twins sat now on their asses, their knees up, their arms curled in front of them, whimpering quietly. "I'm starving," said Rachel. "Let's give the girls a break."



---



But giving them a break didn't mean we left them completely alone. We ordered two pizzas. We forced the girls to answer the door nude to take the pizza, and to bring it to Rachel and I on the couch as we sat down to watch some porn together. The two twins sat on their knees, ass and back erect, and held the pizzas out to us, acting as little side tables while Rachel and I enjoyed some food and porn together. When we'd finally finished, we took the two pizzas away. The twins were visibly hungry, and disappointed that after the face raping and body beating they'd just been through, they were not going to be fed.

 

Instead, Rachel declared it was time to take the girls to bed.

 

 Rachel and I held hands as the twins walked nude in front of us down the hall towards the bedrooms. Rachel verbally directed them into her bedroom, and we joined them. On Rachel's bed were three pairs of handcuffs. "Okay, dad, we each pick a girl for the night. Should we flip a coin?"

 

I looked at the two dismayed Eastern European beauties. Kamilla still had angry red dots all over her breasts and legs. Karisha's legs seemed to be twitching a little from the multiple orgasms Rachel had given her. "You know," I said, "I don't think I'm done with Kamilla." Kamilla, who'd mostly kept it together since dinner, now let out a loud sob. "I think I'll take her tonight, and you can keep having fun with little Karisha here."

 

"Okay, sounds good," said Rachel, her manner businesslike. "Kamilla, down on your knees, hands behind your back, nose on the floor."

 

Kamilla complied, and Rachel cuffed Kamilla's wrists together, putting the key down on a high shelf. 

 

"Karisha, I'm going to secure you down for the night. Lay across the bed, and grab the bedposts with your hands." Karisha did so, laying perpendicularly across the width of Rachel's bed, tummy down, stretching her arms out to grab the bedposts. Rachel then cuffed each of her wrists to its corresponding bedpost, so that Karisha's back, ass and legs were helplessly trapped and exposed to whatever Rachel might decide to do that night. Rachel now seemed to relax, looked up at me and grinned. She motioned me over, and we had a long, passionate kiss listening to the twins' sobbing. Then Rachel said "She's all yours dad, me and Karisha want some privacy now."

 

I took the hint. I grabbed Kamilla from the floor and stood her up, grabbing the key from the shelf. I then took her by the neck and directed her out of Rachel's room and towards my own. As I left, I closed the door. "See you in the morning, Sweetie," I said to my daughter. She smiled sweetly, "Yep, see you tomorrow!"

 

I took Kamilla to my room and had her sit on my bed. I didn't know quite what to do. Finally I asked, "Are you hungry?"

 

She nodded silently.

 

"If you're good, after a while, I'll get you something to eat."

 

She nodded again.

 

"Okay then," I said, locking my door. "I'm going to uncuff you, because you're going to be using your hands, but you're not going to do anything stupid, right? Because you're hungry, and because you want to go to college, right?"

 

Once again, she nodded. So I approached her from behind and uncuffed her, keeping a firm grasp on one of her wrists. I pulled her back to lay on the bed with me. "Put your arms around me," I said, "And look me in the eyes." 

 

She laid down, her head on the pillow next to mine. She put one limp arm on top of mine, and sort of forced herself to look at my face.

 

"No," I said. "Really hold me, pretend you like me, look into my eyes, and smile."

 

She didn't do a great job. The smile was so forced. But she made an admirable effort.

 

"Now say you love me."

 

She recoiled in disgust and shook her head. "No, no no!" she said almost like a baby.

 

"Tell me you love me or else things will go even worse for you."

 

She got control of herself, and looking up at the headboard, muttered, "I love you."

 

"No," I said. "Hold me, like you love me, and gaze into my eyes, and smile, and say, "I love you so much."

 

And she did it. She cried, but since she was pretending to love me, I pretended the tears were a sign of happiness. She put her arms around me, held me tight, her legs entwined with mine, my cock pulsing against her tummy, and looked up into my eyes and smiled. "I love you so much."

 

"I love you too," I said, and she maintained her gaze, freezing up but knowing to obey.

 

"Now put my dick between your breasts." She scooted down a little, and gingerly--they were still sore--put her breasts on each side of my dick. "Now lick my nipples," I said, and she complied.

 

I fucked her tits like that for several minutes, but did not allow myself to cum yet.

 

I looked down at her and disengaged when I felt I couldn't hold it anymore. "Do you still love me?" 

 

She immediately looked into my eyes and smiled that dead smile. "Yes, I love you so much."

 

I reached down and pulled her face up to my level, rolling her back and climbing on top of her. "Then spread your legs for me." 

 

I think she threw up a little in her mouth. "No, no, please!"

 

Using my knee, I began forcing her legs apart. "You have to pretend to love me," I said, "Or I'm going to hurt you and your sister more than you thought possible."

 

"Okay, okay," she said desperately. "I love you, I love you."

 

And she spread her legs for me. So I obliged by placing my dick at her pussy, and began pushing.

 

When I finally entered her, she cried loudly, all pretense at love forgotten. I allowed this, since it turned me on quite a bit.

 

I lifted myself up, sat on my knees and watched my dick invade her pussy. Watched her bruised, marked body pulse up and down with my thrusts, eliciting wails of desperate sadness from her. I licked my thumb and began stroking her clit.

 

She hissed, then cried, "Nooooo...."

 

"You love me so much you're going to cum while I fuck you," I said.

 

"Noooooo..." again. But it was unavoidable. My dick inside her, plus my lubricated thumb servicing her clit, were going to spell her orgasmic doom.

 

"Okay I came!" she said after several minutes, but it was a lie, and to punish the lie, I took her beaten nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and pinched hard. Once she was finished squealing at this treatment, I began servicing her clit again. She didn't lie again, and after a while, her whole body finally went rigid.

 

"The slut loves me after all," I said, grinning, and collapsed on top of her, feeling her unwilling, orgasmic pulses as our skin touched over everty square inch I could manage. Taking her hair in hand I pulled, and kissed her neck as I began thrusting into her vagina, finally ready to let loose inside her. Pushing as hard as I could, I felt myself piercing her cervix as she shrieked in sadness and pain, and finally I deposited my invading sperm directly into her womb. Then I lay on top of her for a long while, as she cried beneath me. 

 

I dozed off after a while, but she rather bravely albeit quietly asked tearfully, "Umm... you said I could have something to eat..."

 

I chuckled at this, climbing off of her and pulling my limp dick out of her vagina. "I guess you're right, a promise is a promise. Come with me." I took her by the hair and led her to the kitchen.



---



I reached into a drawer and pulled out a long wooden spoon, then I crouched down in front of her, looking at her shaved crotch and her inner thighs. My cum was leaking out at a steady pace. I began scooping it up with the spoon. While Kamilla sobbed in realization at what was happening, I used two of my fingers to reach up into her vagina and milk out some more cum. Eventually I had a goodly load on the spoon. Now I reached into the nearby pantry and pulled out a hot dog bun, spread my cum mixed with her vag juice all over one half of it, tore off the other half, and placed the bun on the cabinet behind her.

 

"Turn around and face the bun, hands on the cabinet." She obeyed, still sobbing. "After ten swats, you can begin eating, and the swats don't stop til you've swallowed every bite, got it?"

 

"Yes sir,"

 

"Okay then," I said, and began tearing into her ass and legs with the spoon. After ten swats worth of scryelling in pain, she then took the hot dog in hand and gingerly began nibbling at the cum-covered bread. Then as I continued laying into her with the spoon, she became a little more eager to down the thing. When this caused her to choke and cough up the breaddy cum mixture onto the cabinet, I didn't even have to tell her what to do--in desperation she bent down and sucked it up into her mouth on her own initiative.

 

"Good work!" I said. "Now turn around." She did so, rubbing her backside. "What do you say?"

 

"Thank you?" she mumbled looking down.

 

"And?"

 

"Lufyu" she muttered.

 

"Look at me and smile."

 

She looked at me and gave me that sweet smile again. "I love you!" she said and embraced me, my cock touching her tummy, and I bent down a little so that she could kiss my mouth--and she did. She was getting good at this.

 

I was thinking of taking her again there on the kitchen floor when we heard an incredible shriek from her sister back in Rachel's room. I sighed, feeling I had to at least go check to see what was happening. I took Kamilla by the hair again and pushed her in front of me, saying "Well, let's investigate that I guess."

&nbsp; 

We entered Rachel's room as Karisha continued to scream, and I saw that Rachel had apparently been shopping behind my back. For there she was, mounting Karisha from behind, a strap-on vibrating dildo attached to her pelvis that looked to be over a foot long and an entirely evil number of inches wide, said dildo rapidly pounding its way over and over into Karisha's tiny little asshole. And it had these sharp little studs all over it. Karisha was screaming because she was possibly being torn to shreds down there.

 

Of course the human body is an amazingly flexible thing and I saw no blood. So when Rachel yelled out "Dad! I'm almost cumming! Fuck my ass!" I decided that might be enjoyable and wise. I quickly cuffed Kamilla to a bedpost then took position behind Rachel. And while Rachel continued cruelly ramming the screaming Karisha in the ass, and while Kamilla wept for her sister, I now fucked my daughter, Karisha's rapist, in the ass. It was like I was raping Karisha's ass via my daughter. Her thrusts were now my thrusts. I made them hard and cruel as I could, which absolutely thrilled Rachel. She came in short order. I did not, and I was disappointed to discover I would not be cumming in Rachel' s ass on that particular occasion. She disengaged as soon as she'd finished, yelling "Fuck that was awesome!" and slapping Karisha's ass several times.

 

Only then did she think to ask me, "So what did you guys want anyway?"

 

Over the crying of the twins, I told her I thought maybe Karisha had had enough of the giant dildo. Rachel grinned, "Okay, wanna trade?" She glanced sidelong at Kamilla as though appraising a fine cut of meat.

 

Well, that hadn't been my plan, but it seemed fair. 

 

We undid Karisha from the bed, cuffing her wrists behind her back. Then as Kamilla pleaded with us, we sat her down on the bed. Whereas Karisha had been cuffed face down, exposing her ass to mistreatment, we laid Kamilla down on her back, spreading her arms, and then her ankles, such that her pussy was forced to gape wide open before Rachel and I. Rachel handed me Kamilla's belt from the previous evening. "Want to tenderize her a little?"

 

Here was a new thing. Rachel and I had never done anything like this to Rachel's pussy before. I took Kamilla's studded belt, lifted it up, and when she realized what was about to happen she screamed as loudly as Karisha had at her recent ass rape. I brought the belt down directly on Kamilla's pussy while Rachel rubbed herself off. I hit Kamilla ten or fifteen times, leaving her pussy--soon to be raped again--seriously welted. Meanwhile, Rachel had pulled out another dildo to attach to her strap on. "Vagina's bigger than an asshole so..." and she replaced the giant ass dildo with an even more humungous one. Kamilla looked on in terro. As I took Karisha by the hair I said absently "We're going to have to talk about where you got the money for these toys, you know." Rachel grinned. "I know." She then placed the blunt end of her dildo against Kamilla's welt-covered pussy, and began pushing.

 

Karisha sobbed and I laughed appreciatively as we walked slowly down the hall back to my bedroom listening to Kamilla's terrified and agonized screams.

 

Once we got to my room, I uncuffed Karisha. I laid on the bed on my back, grasping her arms tightly as I did so, then pulled her nude, sobbing body over on top of me. She didn't struggle--she was in too much pain, to weak to do so, as I reached down and placed my dick at the entrance to her ravaged asshole. "Now," I said, beginning to push myself into her as she wept. "You're going to fuck me with that ass, but first, you're going to tell me how much you love me."

 

I tormented her nipples until she convinced me. Then I let her fuck me until I came into her asshole, and I then allowed her to shit my cum out and make love to it with her mouth. She smiled at me the whole time--or she tried anyway, and occasionally succeeded even through her tears.

 

---

 

The next morning, as Rachel and I ate breakfast and the twins, at our command, sixty-nined on the floor for our enjoyment (no cumming allowed til we said so), Rachel announced to them, "Two more days of this girls, and you know what the crazy part is? By Monday morning on the way back to school, you bitches are going to be begging for more of this."

 

That sounds insane. Impossible. I know! But you can see Kamilla and Karisha right here on the floor, perfectly happy to be my--our--slaves. And we totally mistreat them, all the time! Worse than what I've described so far! I know you can't believe it, but there it is. And when Rachel and I are finished raping and ripping you apart tonight, we're going to do the same to you--in a couple of days, you're going to be begging us, please, to let you live with us forever. The K's never had a pet of their own before, they might think it fun. 

 

You don't think you'd ever do that? Shall we make a bet? Let's begin.

 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Onvisy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





