BDSM Library - Sue\'s surprise at party




Sue\'s surprise at party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  My wife Sue gets a surprise at her birthday party






I suspect that the fantasy of having two men is shared by many women - certainly it is by two females to my knowledge. One is a 30 ish year old divorced friend who confided to me that she had always fancied sex with two men so arranged to have the mechanic who looked after her car visit her one evening at the same time as another male friend was due. Both had made passes at her but she had not done anything about either up to now. She introduced them to each other and made an excuse to leave the room, returning a few minutes later in a basque and tiny pants. "Well, do you both want me?" she asked and after a short delay for their great surprise, the three of them enjoyed an evening during which she told me she was vigorously fucked by two men each trying to outdo the other. She achieved her desire of being taken from behind on her hands and knees whilst she sucked the second man. I admired her for knowing what she wanted and taking the initiative.



The other woman with this fancy is my wife, Sue. A couple of years ago, I arranged a special evening for Sue to celebrate her 40th birthday. She is a tall, sexy, natural blonde who has various fantasies but this one in particular which we had often discussed putting into practice but had never taken the plunge and I decided that this was the time to arrange a surprise happening of her fantasy.



My task now was to find two suitable men - men who would enter into the part and be adventurous and demanding but not anyone we knew where there would be the risk of after-effects which could spoil a friendship. It was not easy. I needed two men who would get on well together themselves and who would both give her the type of evening she wanted. They had to be men who I knew well enough to judge them in this respect but not friends or colleagues where there may be complications afterwards. They had to be local and approachable so I thought about the strip-o-grams and telephoned a local agency to arrange a meeting.



The first barrier was the suspicion that he was being set up somehow but I overcame this a little by showing them photos of Sue and I together, normal shots of us on holiday, to establish who she was. I then showed them photos of her which up to then only Sue, I and the confidential film processing service had seen. These showed her naked including some pretty crude poses. At this point he began to believe that I was genuine and he made suggestions as to which of the men on his books would be appropriate. He had photos of them in tiny shorts and as you would expect, they were all well developed young men. We agreed a fee and selected the two most likely and a meeting was arranged for me with the two of them. Cut a long story short, they were both agreeable to playing the roles I wanted and we discussed the kind of things that Sue fantasised about. A Saturday night date was set and I then made the normal arrangements for a party including a disco and outside caterers so she had nothing to do that evening.



The party was a great success - the food was great, the music was good and there was plenty to drink. It was summer and we danced in the garden until it got dark and chilly when we came inside and continued. The women wore light summery clothes and there was a very slightly naughty atmosphere in the air as everyone had had a fair amount to drink which was perfect as I announced the grand finale to the party and in came the male strippers. The disco was primed to have their music ready and the women shrieked and gathered around to watch the display. They were very good and played up to each of the women in turn, dropping clothes onto them, kissing some as they danced passed them and generally playing to a very appreciative audience. They both left Sue to the end and danced around her as they stripped off their remaining pouches to be totally naked. One of them grabbed her hands and pulled them to his cock and she held his erect cock for a moment to the gales of applause but she then remembered the others all around and pulled back from him. Jeff and Dave picked up their clothes and held them strategically as they left the room to get dressed.



After this, the evening broke up and guests made their farewells until all had gone. Sue was by now extremely relaxed and I asked her if she had enjoyed her party and she had. I teased her about the strippers. "I saw you holding his cock - if the others hadn't been there you would have gone further I reckon" I told her. "Well, they did have lovely bodies and were very fanciable" she replied. I topped up her glass and left the room, coming back with Jeff and Dave, now dressed. Sue was most surprised. "I thought you had gone home" she said to them, blushing.



Dave stood in front of her and said "we didn't have a chance to wish you a happy birthday - we thought we could perhaps have a dance with the birthday girl." At this he put out his hand and lifted her to her feet and they started to dance to the music I had put on. The three of them danced and I could see Sue begin to relax. I then put on a slow record and Jeff took her in his arms and danced very close to her. He gently lifted her chin to kiss her and she looked towards me anxiously - when she saw me grinning back at her she knew it was OK and returned his kiss which became quite passionate. He was holding her tight until Dave tapped his shoulder to take his place and also got a kiss. Dave ran his hands over her, gently, and we could see her respond by snuggling in to him. 



Jeff called over to her "you know Sue, this is very unfair to us." "Why is that?" she asked him. "Because you have seen us naked and we haven't seen anything of you." At this point I stepped in and danced close to her. She held me tighter than usual and was obviously very aroused. I bent to whisper in her ear. "Do you want them? If you do, I would love to see you strip for them - its up to you." "Are you sure you wouldn't mind?" she whispered back and I just lifted her chin to kiss her and cupped one of her breasts and through her blouse felt her already hard nipple. No other reply was necessary and I stepped back and went to the hi-fi to change the music back to something fast and loud.



Sue took her cue and started to dance to it, the two men now sitting watching her. She started to unfasten her blouse and pulled it out of her skirt and threw it at them, just as they had done earlier with their clothes. She stripped right off to her pants and danced for them until Jeff got up and danced with her. Dave joined him and then I changed the music again to slow it down. This time the two of them danced around her, feeling her body, touching her breasts, running their fingers down her back, over her tummy and kissing her. She had hands everywhere and then Dave led her to the settee and pulled her down onto his lap. He then started to feel her body as he kissed her and his hands slipped into her pants and she opened her legs to let his fingers enter her. By now her arms were tight around his neck as she pulled him into her. Jeff had now stripped off again and lifted her arms away from Dave who got up and stripped off. The lifted her to her feet and Dave knelt in front of her and lowered her pants to reveal her short trimmed pubic hair, glistening wet with the juices that his fingers had earlier slurped from her cunt.



Dave fingered her then leaned into her and tongued her while Jeff stood behind her as she leaned back into him, his hands cupping her breasts and feeling her. Dave was obviously getting through to her as she started to climax and Jeff lowered her to the carpet where Dave now kneeled between her thighs. He lifted her legs over his shoulders and, holding her calves, raised her legs high so her bottom lifted and her cunt was offered to his now erect cock. Slowly he leaned into her and had no difficulty in slipping straight into her. She gasped as he pushed right in and put his full weight into her then he started to fuck her with long, deep strokes. 



She looked fantastic, lying on the carpet with her legs raised high and Dave fucking her. Every time he banged into her, her whole body rippled and her breasts shook and wobbled - I found it a real turn on. Jeff was kneeling beside her head and he held his semi erect cock in his hand and leaned over her so it was hanging near her mouth. She took him into her mouth while Dave still fucked her and she sucked Jeff until Dave lowered her legs onto his shoulders and leaned into her, moving his hands to the floor on either side of her neck as he almost folded her in two. Jeff had moved back as Dave changed position and we watched as Dave speeded up, fucking her now with fast strokes as Sue gasped, partly from his pumping into her and partly from being almost folded in two, until Dave shouted and came. He pulled out and let his spunk spray over her stomach and breasts and he then gently rubbed it into her breasts which shone with her sweat and his spunk.



Dave rolled off Sue and Jeff lay beside her. He fingered her wet clitty and nibbled her nipples until she came again then he told her to get on her hands and knees. When she obliged, he aimed his cock at her cunt and pushed into her, holding her hips and pulling her back onto him as he thrust into her. Again her body shook with each stroke but this time her breasts were hanging down and swayed beautifully in time to Jeff's thrusts. He stayed in her for some time until he too came, this time she got spunk over her bottom and Jeff then rubbed it into her and finger fucked her bottom before he pulled out and let her collapse in a heap on the floor.



She looked radiant, flushed and satisfied, all at once. When the three recovered, I stripped off and put more music on and we all danced naked around her, the three of us touching and feeling her as she danced. Dave then was ready for another bout and this time pushed her up against the wall, grabbed her bottom as he entered her then raised himself so he was holding her her up by her bottom, with her sitting facing him, his cock deep inside her. Dave walked around the room like that, every few steps he would bend his knees as if he was dropping her then straighten up sharply so his cock pushed deeper into her and her weight pushed her down onto him. Her arms were round his neck, hugging him and she thrust at him as he fucked her in that position until he pushed her against the wall again and leaned into her to climax, this time he did not pull out but shot his spunk into her. When he let her down, it ran down from her open cunt and dribbled down the inside of her thigh. Jeff had her again as well, this time he lay her on the settee and fucked her conventionally, from on top. He pushed her legs wide open, one hooked over the back of the settee and the other fell off the side with her foot resting on the floor.



When the two men left, she was absolutely knackered - well and truly shagged in all senses of the word - and told me it had been her best present ever. Who knows, I may arrange an un-birthday present for her one day as it was such a success for her and for me to watch.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Maxm


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





