BDSM Library - Careful What You Wish For




Careful What You Wish For
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A wife rebels against her husbands internet obsession but does she go too far?






Careful What You Wish For

The Princess unharness him from the cart and led him unresisting into the stables where she fastened him, by means of his bridal to a stall. Gently she sponged down his naked back, removing the sweat brought about by the strenuous ride he had given her though the Autumn countryside. Attending to his flanks she noticed that he had developed an erection. She pretended to punished him by giving him a playfull little pat on the bottom then preceded to undo the buttons running down the front of her frilly white blouse. His hands encased in imitation hooves, he could only honour her white, apple round breasts with his mouth, first licking then sucking each cherry red nipple.

'Henry! Are you coming to bed!'

'Not yet! Later!'

&lt;Ctrl&gt;F5 halfway down the page?

The Princess slowly unbutton the flies of her tan jodhpurs revealing her flaxen-haired mound.

Henry experiences a shock of blinding pain, falls off his chair and lies paralised on the floor. Looking up he sees Jane, his wife brandishing the Taser which she has just used on him.

'You think I don't know what you doing down here, leaving me all alone upstairs. I know all about that web-site of yours and your precious Princess. That was your last chance!&nbsp; All I wanted was a bit of fondness but if you want to be pussy-meat? Suits me!' She lent forward and slipped an electric dog-training collar round his still ridgid neck. Then shrugging off her dressing gown revealed her leather-gloved, basqued, high-heel thigh-booted body. Lifting up her left-hand, the one containing the remote for the pain-collar she brutally aroused his from his torpor.

'You can put this on for a start,' she said tossing her flimsy nighty at his face.'Off with your trousers. I'll be wearing those around here from now on. Then you can get the Hoover out. You never do any house-work. It always gets left to me. Well! You can vacuum the whole flat and be quick about.'

In the middle of the dining-room Henry senses Jane coming up behind him. She lifts the back of his nighty revealing his naked buttocks. He looks round and sees she has equiped herself with a riding-crop. ' Don't turn round! Don't stop! And go right up to the corners.' He feels a stab of pain as the riding-crop makes contact with his rear but he is still collared and his fear prevents him from reacting. 'Faster! You're too slow!' Another wack lands on his other cheek and still he dutifully continues his task.

Finishing his chore he finds her lounging in an arm-chair in the living-room sipping a glass of sherry, the remote from the collar on a lanyard round her left wrist while her right hand idly taps the riding-crop against the big leather boots she has on.

'Make me a meal. Something simple. Scrambled-eggs on toast shouldn't be too much of a challenge, even for you. Then serve it to me here dressed in your nighty.'

Henry burns three pieces of toast and gets half the egg stuck to the pan but eventually he produces his offering which he takes on a tray into the living-room. In order to serve her, seated as she is in the arm-chair he has to bend forward. As he does so she lifts her gloved right hand under his nighty and up to grasp his cock. The fear and comotion of the last hours has reduced his 'shaft' to a shrunken stump which she pinches and gives a little tug. 'Get used to it! Mouse!' For the first time their gaize met and he was appalled by the implacable resentment he saw there.

She broke a piece of the crust off the toast and held it, cupped in her palm out towards him but low down so that he had to kneel&nbsp; to take it is his mouth. She patted him on the head. 'You never know you might get to like it!' And her humour was even more scarry than her emnity. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp; *&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

'Henry!' It is morning. He has spent a very uncomfortable night chained to a radiator, Jane promising to get a wicker basket for him but now things seem to have settled down. She has allowed him to share breakfast with her and is now calling from the bathroom where he finds her in the shower, the curtains pulled back revealing her her naked, glistening wet body. 'Fetch a towel and dry me off.' Her smile is warm and inviting.

'They can talk big but at the end of the day they just can't do without it,' thinks Henry as he genty rubs the fluffy cloth down her body. She lift her arms, arches her back enhancing her breast, making little cooing sounds, leaning her body against his. Soon his cock begins to swell and he senses that she too is becoming aroused. Eventually his erection makes contact with her thigh.

Zapp! She has hidden the remote control, he is still collared remember, in the curtain rail and it is now in her hand the button pressed. He is on the floor in agony. 'Animal!&nbsp; How dare you have an erection without permission. I can see you will need some sever training. Now reach into the top drawer and hand me the gold-foil cover box.' Another stab from the collar ensured his prompt obedience.

From behind the now drawn shower curtain Henry heard a faint buzzing sound followed by a series of 'oohs' and 'ahhs' then a big 'ahaaa'. Jane drawns back the curtain and with a big smile on her face walks out of the shower. 'You were a big help, Henry. Now put this back in the drawer. We must see about that wicker basket for you. At the foot of my bed seems appropriate but we will have to devise a remote lock, can't have you wandering about' 

*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *
It is Sunday mid-morning in the local park. Henry dressed in lycra shorts and a too small pink 'Breast Cancer' t-shirt is running curcuit round the meadow. Jane, in a yellow gingham frock is seated on a bench finishing the remains of an ice-cream. Henry was not allow one.

Later they took the pinic hamper and found a secluded spot by a stream where they shared a picnic lunch afterward relaxing on the grass in the shade of a willow tree.

'Isn't it nice just the two of us together?' Henry, still grumpy, made no reply

'Remember the capers we got up to when we were courting?'

Still no reply

'No wonder the kids came early.' There was a catch in her voice.'They came and now they are gone. Dave to Uni and Glenda to Australia, so it's just the two of us again.' She reached out and touched his arm but he pulled away.

'I'm hot. I think I will take something off.' She reaches under her skirt, pulls down her knickers and spreads them flat on the ground beside her, like a flag or a sign-post. Henry stares off into space.

Jane inched the hem of her dress up until it barely covered her crotch, then in desperation gives Henry a big nudge in the ribs with her elbow. Stung into action Henry kneels between Jane's spread legs. As he lifts up her skirt she gives an anticipaitory whimper. He leans forward and burys his face in her muff only to receive a hard whack to the side of his head from a plastic picnic plate.

'Get off me! Useless wanker.' She scrabbles in the picnic hamper for the gold-foil covered box. 

&nbsp; 
*&nbsp; *&nbsp; *&nbsp; *

'I suppose you want me to go on working?' It was evening and they were sitting on the sofa watching 'Sex in the City' on DVD or at least she was. Henry dressed only in a 'Women's Rights' t-shirt and a pair of canary yellow panties was battling between boredom and fear. He was still captive to the training collar the remote a permanent fixture on her left wrist.

'You have my permission to continue your employment.'

'And you'll be glad of the money I suppose?'

'As a matter of fact I now earn more than enough for all my need. I just think it is good for you to have an interest outside the home, provided it does not interfere with your house-work. It is laundry night to-night by the way. Oh! And you don't talk to me that way. I will have to punish you just as soon as I have finished watching this film.'

Henry was on tenter-hooks. What form would the punishment take. Jane had shown herself to be both imaginative and effective. Whatever it was would be sure to involve excruciating pain. At least he now had something to think about other than Cary's disastrous love-life.

'Lay down here on the floor.' She had left the room for a short time and Henry had expected her to come back with a whip, a cane or some other fiendish device but no, nothing except he notice she was wearing a latex glove on her left hand.

Standing over him she undid the buttons on her white blouse, tugged it free from the waistband of her jeans and let it slip to the floor. Then she removed her bra. Her breast, not quite the pert orbs of her youth, were still impressive. True, gravity had done its work but at the same time they had filled out giving their sway a kind of grace.

She knelt on the floor beside him, pulled down the front of his knickers. Her gloved left hand burrowed down between his legs cupping his tackle lifting it up free of the garment. Her thumb, between his cock and balls pushed his limp todger up, back against his stomach.

 His whole crotch area was aflame with mind numbing pain.

Looking up he saw that her right hand, held up high was displaying a small spray can of iodine, the effects of which on his testicles had been the cause of his agony. In dumb show she lowered her right arm pressing it against her mobile breasts. The message could not have been cleared: did a poor little female do this to you. Then a smile lit up her face, she cocked her head to one side as if thinking, made a mew of uncertainty then she nodded her head. Yes! She would do it again.

Knowing what was to come, Henry tried to brace himself but she held the can low down between his legs where with his head on the floor he could not see what was happening. The pain, when it came was sudden and over-whelming.&nbsp; 

Now in dumb show she put a finger to her lower lip, thinking: should she do it again? But then her expression change to a far off look, next her face filled with panic. Something was going wrong and Henry could not figure out what. Then she smiled an expression of deep satisfaction. She brushed her hand against her breast and Henry saw that her nipples had become erect. She caught his gaze with a look of devilish glee.

For the first time Henry knew real terror. 



&nbsp;&nbsp; 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Terri West


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





