BDSM Library - Three Wishes




Three Wishes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Summer finds a genie in a bottle granting her three everlasting wishes. However her wishes don\\\'t always pan out the way she imagined them. A slow started Erotic Horror story featuring heavy body modifications. Not for the squeamish.











Three Wishes
By The Bann Sidhe

Summer held her breath as she dug out another box from the heap. The air grew thick with dust and the light that shone through the small attic windows showed thousands of motes hanging in the room. 
They just inherited the house, she and her boyfriend Jared were still unpacking and many of her grandmother's things were still lying all around the place. Choosing what to keep and what to throw away was not to Summer's liking. She barely knew where to begin.
But if it wasn't for the endless unpacking life was good to Summer. She had a nice enough job working for a charity organization. Money wasn't spectacular but she felt good at the end of the day. Her boyfriend was a veterinarian. They just inherited a house that had no loans on it. Jared wasn't exactly a swooning romantic but he was a good solid man. Their sex life could be a bit stale but other than that life had been good to Summer. But no matter how good people have it, they will always try to make it a little bit better.
She picked up a box and almost lost her balance, not because it weighed too much but because it weighed too little. Something rustled inside.
Curious she opened it up and saw the one and only thing in the box. It was an old lamp made out of brass. It had a dull browner-than-gold shine around it and it just lay covered in dust. Summer took a swipe at it with her rag and held her breath as the air became thick with dust. Buffing it up as best as she could.
I wonder where grandma got this strange thing.
It was pretty though, in its own simple sense. The curves of the metal flowed through the lamp and it had faint engravings on the lid and the sides of it. Pretty geometrical patterns, delicately crafted and beautiful enough to warrant a closer look. Summer dabbed the rag in water and polished the lamp.
Then suddenly she saw a movement reflect in the lamp's surface and heard a noise behind her. 
"AH!" she screamed. The lamp dropped to the floor with a clatter. When she saw the man in the room she screamed again.
Standing eight feet tall the man had to hunch over to fit in the low ceiling of the attic. Huge with muscles swelling over his body. He wore a small silk vest and a pair of loose silk pants. Other than that he was nude and his black hair was drawn back and held in place with a simple cord. His long thin mustaches hung loosely down to his chin. They swayed gently as he smiled.
"Hello." He said in a deep voice.
If he wasn't standing between Summer and the stairs down she would've ran without a thought.
"W-wh-who are you?" she finally managed."
"I..." his large hand drew up to his even larger chest. "...am Baseem the Eternal."
"Baseem?" Summer asked incredulously.
"Yes?"
The two stood there watching each other. Baseem simply smiled and folded his hands together and waited. Summer desperately tried to gather her thoughts. 
"So why the fuck are you in my house?" she wondered.
"You did rub, didn't you?" he smiled at her.
"I did no..." Summer looked down on the lamp. "I guess I did."
"So. What do you think?"
"What do you mean what do I think?"
"Why do you think I'm in your house?"
"I think I might've hit my head and I'm not really here."
"Perhaps."
"Have I?"
"No." he replied.
Her eyes wandered the floor, searching for something to say. "Can you prove that?"
"Can I prove that?" Baseem smiled at Summer again.
"If you really are a genie, do some magic for me."
"You only get three good tricks you know." Baseem smiled again.
Summer thought for a second and quickly looked up at him. "What about a bad trick then?"
Baseem slowly leaned forward to her and for a moment Summer thought she had angered the giant. 
"BWAHAhaha!" Baseem laughed, his eyes squinting to a close. 
"I like you." He pointed at her, closed the hand, blew on it and opened it again. Out flew three hummingbirds, chirped and flew about the attic before setting on a sunlit beam in the ceiling.
"Oh!" Summer exclaimed and put her hands over her mouth. She followed the birds with her eyes for a while. "Do another one?"
"Ok." Baseem said and held out two fingers and touched Summer's forehead. "You are miss Summer Young. You live here on 2147 Green Street. You have a boyfriend Jared, you just moved into this house together. One of you have doubts if living together is such a good idea. You want a cat, he wants a dog and..." he removed his fingers quickly and laughed. "... and it seems one of you have unfulfilled desires in the bed chamber."
Summer looked up at Baseem's penetrating eyes and couldn't feel anything other than awe and wonder. Then she realized he was speaking about her sex life and blushed, her eyes darting away.
"Your desires, I can make it so they come true."
Summer glanced up at the giant again, her face still red. Summer had a deep fetish for fellatio, giving it. She loved the smooth skin on the cock against her face, inside her mouth. She loved the smell of it, the faint taste the head on her tongue. She loved the look a hard cock when it was swaying above her head as she knelt on the floor. She loved the distant masculine face with his set jaw and firm brow looking down from her far away. The very thought of it all gave her goosebumps.
One would think that her disposition towards giving deep and thorough blow jobs would be a dream come true to any man but her boyfriend Jared was not entirely agreeable. While he obviously did not dislike getting head, he wanted to be able to "see all of her" when they were fucking. If she had her way, she would've had him put her on the ground, stick his dick in her mouth, come inside her throat, make her lick it clean while she fingered herself to orgasm. Like she was being used. That was her desire. 
While they did that on occasion, it wasn't enough for Summer. Like an itch in the back of her mind she always wanted it and almost never got it. Not the way she wanted it.
She thought it was because she was a bit of a butter face and Jared wanted to see her body and not only her face like he would be seeing when she sucked his dick. Summer had always been self-conscious about her face. She tried to cover it in makeup and make it a little bit prettier but it never quite did the job. Her body was athletic, her waist tight, with smallish breasts and her butt was muscled and defined. But her face had its eyebrows too close, the nose was too big, her teeth never quite straightened out and her eyebrows were going nowhere.
She shook her head, trying to get a hold of herself. "I... If you really are a genie with three wishes. Why would I use my first wish for sex? Doesn't that seem kinda petty?"
"Why wouldn't you use your first wish for sex? Do you know how many people use all their wishes for sex?" Baseem smiled at her. "I say, use one for your own pleasures first and then think about what you want the others to be."
Summer's forehead wrinkled as she mulled everything over. "What are the rules?"
"Ah, clever girl." Baseem smiled. "Three rules for three wishes. One, you may not wish for more wishes, you only get three. Two, I grant wishes not miracles and three, all wishes are Eternal. Once we swear the oath I will sanctify it and we are bound to it, there can be no going back."
"Does that mean you can't lie?"
"I can not break a sanctified oath. It is impossible."
"How impossible?"
"I can't even try."
Summer's brow furled in deep consideration. "Exactly what does 'an Eternal Wish' mean?"
"I am Baseem the Eternal. I fulfill wishes eternally. It means that I have to maintain your wish. If you at anytime find yourself in a situation where your wish is no longer fulfilled, I am obligated to come back and fulfill it yet again."
"So if I wish to be rich, once I spend all my money you have to give me new money? For example?" Summer wondered.
"Yes, exactly. You have a good head on those shoulders young woman." He smiled and nodded. "So, what is your first wish child?"
Summer's eyes wandered through the room searching for a good wish.
"Maybe to fulfill those desires I saw in your mind."
Summer chewed her lip. Her intellect told her not to, that it was a bad first wish but her baser needs yearned so for it. Jared only needed to be a bit more dominant to send her heart aflutter.
"Ok, just the first one." Summer finally said.
Baseem's smile widened. "So is it your Eternal Wish to give have reason to take men inside your mouth and to feed on his seed every day. Is that a fair representation of your wish?"
"To take..." Summer began, trying to repeat what Baseem had said but her entire body shivered at his words and she felt herself being covered in goosebumps. "Yes... yes." She agreed.
"You have to say the words."
"Oh ok." She drew her hair behind her ear.
"It is my wish tha..."
"Eternal." Baseem smiled.
Summer smiled nervously.
"It is my Eternal Wish that I get a reason to take a man in my mouth and feed on his seed every day."
Summer's body shook and goosebumps erupted all over her skin as she said the words. 
Baseem held out his open hand to Summer and she took hold of his two fingers. As they shook hands the words of their oath appeared in thin air, written in shimmering golden letters they swayed softly next to the two of them as Baseem sanctified their oath.
"That's it?" Summer asked.
"Go and take your man's seed in your belly and see what happens. If will be waiting here for your next wishes." Baseem said and simply vanished. The lamp on the floor bounced and the lid was sucked back on to it.


* * *


That day, enticed by the genie's words Summer walked up to Jared the moment he got home and kissed him. 
"Mmh?" he mumbled into her mouth as he dropped his bag on the floor. Her hands reached up and caressed his chest and his grabbed her shoulders as she pressed her breasts against his warm body.
She reached down and grabbed the bulge in his pants and she slid down in front of him. He had not even gotten his clothes off. She caught him enough by surprise for him to let her do as she pleased. And so she did. As she unzipped his pants the wonderful smell of her man's cock escaped from his jeans. Her mouth watered.
She took his semi erect cock in her mouth and drew her head along it's full length, feeling it against her tongue and the back of her throat. She looked up at him. His eyes were filled with surprise. She smiled up at him with his cock in her mouth. He reached down and cupped her cheek. Summer liked that and went to work on his dick.
It didn't take long until he spasmed and squirted his load into and she smiled widely as she felt it trickle down her throat and into her belly. Swallowing it made her feel warm, not just because it was making her excessively wet but there was something else. Like her insides glowed by the touch of Jared's cum.
She got back up on her feet, kissed him on the cheek and went back to tidying up the kitchen. "Welcome home darling." She said and barely contained a laugh, she smiled instead. Jared looked at her and shook his head, he too smiling and laughing.
Her belly felt so full and heavy that she didn't have dinner that day. When she woke up the morning after, she slid down under the sheets and took his cock in her mouth again. Waking him up with an orgasm was something she'd always wanted to do but never had the guts to try.
He came almost instantly. Surprised, she swallowed down his morning cum and gave her a mischievous smile as he sprung up from bed, startled, newly awake and freshly milked.
Again, her stomach glowed and felt wonderful. More wonderful than she could've ever imagined. It was as if the sun was shining stronger, the birds were singing more clearly and everything that Jared did was perfect. The way he looked at her, the way he drank his coffee, the way he got himself dressed. Meticulous and perfect. She could've watched him all day.
She wasn't hungry for breakfast either so she skipped it. When Jared asked why she wasn't eating anything she said she'd take a shower first and eat later. That way he would've left for work before she got out. She masturbated herself to orgasm in the shower, it almost made her lose her footing and fall as she groaned and bit her lip to be quiet, not comfortable Jared hearing her touching herself while he was still in the house.
Summer skipped lunch as well, Jared's load was enough to sustain her half the day as she worked from home on her big presentation. When the evening came, she was starting to feel hungry for the first time since her wish had been granted so she started to make dinner for the two of them. She was going to surprise him with it when he got home, and then she would treat herself to dessert by crawling under the table and taking him in her mouth after dinner. The thought of her made her giddy and jumpy with a large smile playing on her face.
But as they sat down to eat, something was wrong. The sweet potatoes that she had baked smelled wonderful, but when she took one on the fork and pulled it up to her mouth she felt her tongue crawl. Shaking it off, she took the food inside her mouth. Her face shriveled together. It was the most foul thing she had ever tasted.
Jared, hungry as always when he got home barely noticed her discomfort and wolfed the food down without a thought. There was nothing wrong with the food. Summer forced herself to chew and swallow.
Immediately she threw up inside her mouth. Her eyes widening she managed to cover her mouth with her hand. Another wave of nausea hit her quickly and she threw up on the floor beside her. Jared had now taken notice.
"Sweetie?! What's wrong?" he got up from his seat and put his hand on her shoulder.
"I... I..." Summer began, not quite understanding what was going on.
"I just need to rest, I'm not feeling too well." She said.
"Understatement of the week." He noted, his voice thick with worry. "Have a glass of water." He said and filled one up for her. Smelling at it first, she took a small sip. It tasted like stale old refrigerator. But it was passable. She swallowed a mouth. 
"Thank you." She said and gave the glass back 
She glanced back at the food wondering if she could possible hold down a bite, she was hungry after all. The sight of it made her insides churn in revolt and she almost threw up again, her hand quickly covering her mouth.
"Oh baby, I think you got a stomach bug."
"Yea, yea. That must be it." Summer quickly agreed. Her eyes glanced between Jared's legs seeing the soft bulge of his yet to be erect penis. Her stomach churned loudly.
"I... I think I'll just go have a lie down." She lied and went upstairs.
"Do that sweetie, I'll take care of this. Holler if you need anything."



* * *


Summer rubbed the lamp furiously. Behind her she felt the gust of a warm wind against her back. 
"Yes?" she heard Baseem's voice ask behind her.
"You!" she shouted and tossed the lamp at him. It harmlessly bounced of his chest and he caught it in the air on its way down. He gently put it on the floor.
"Yes. Me. How was your first wish, did you take your man's seed in your belly?"
"Yes I did. And that's about the only thing I could take into my belly. I told you to make him want me go down on him, not to make me allergic to food! Yea! Allergic. To food! I tried potatoes, bread, yogurt, milk. Nothing goes down!"
"Mmh-hmm." Baseem nodded.
"Is that all you have to say? 'Mmh-hmm'!? This wasn't a part of the deal, call it off."
"Oh, but I'm afraid that's where you are wrong." he snapped his fingers and the air next to him burst into light. The bright letters of their agreement floated in the air yet again. "The deal was to give you reason to take a man inside your mouth and to feed on his seed every day. Surely you agree that you have plenty of reason to fellate your man every day now." Baseem said.
Summer's insides knotted themselves in realization of what she had done.
"I-I don't want it any more. I wish to be normal again."
"Oh, I'm sorry my child. The rules are clear, all wishes are final. You can not wish a previous wish away."
"But... But how am I going to live?"
"On the seed of men off course. That's what you wanted." Baseem told her.
Quivering with rage she barely found the words. She picked up the lamp and threw it at him again shouting "Fuck you!". He disappeared and the lamp clattered harmlessly against the attic wall.
"Baby are you all right up there?" Jared shouted.
"Just a minute!" she shouted back while drying her face with the back of her hand.


* * *


Summer tried to blow Jared again that night, but he didn't think it was right for her to do that when she was feeling sick like she was, so he pulled her up and wrapped her arms around her instead. "Not tonight babe, you don't have to."
She tried telling him that she was fine but to no avail. She fell asleep hungry that night.
The morning after Jared had awoken before her. He had made her a light breakfast of fruit and some cereal and a note to get better soon and that he had called her in sick so she needn't worry about work today.
Summer's stomach churned again as she put the note to the side. With great trepidation she made a bowl of cereal. She looked at it for minutes before finally grabbing the spoon and tasting a mouthful of it. She quickly spat it out.
She didn't know what to do. Her stomach was churning painfully now, she needed to eat something. She picked up phone and thought about calling Jared, explaining everything. She put down the phone again shaking her head. How could he believe her, he'd have her taken to the psych ward. Summer's stomach churned again and she almost folded over in pain. 
"God..." she groaned.
What was she to do? She put on a jacket and went downtown. She didn't know if she was to try to find an ex boyfriend and maybe get a quickie with him, just try to seduce some random guy. 
Like a porno. I'm sorry sir, I forgot my wallet. Can I pay... some other way?
She was terrible at seducing men. What was left? Selling herself on the streets. The thought made her stomach knot itself. 
It's 8 o'clock in the morning. How many Johns look for a girl at 8 in the morning?
She parked the car, left her purse in it and started walking. She found a cafe that looked deserted and ordered a coffee. Summer's voice was straining and she tried to bump up her bosom. She wished she wore something sluttier.
"That'll be $1.99 ma'am." The guy behind the counter said.
Summer glanced down hungrily at the man's crotch and then quickly looked up. "I... eh. I forgot my money..." she began and trailed off. The guy looked at her. He had a thick mustache and a pot belly. She leaned over the counter and tried to show off what little cleavage she had. "Maybe I can... pay some other way?" He looked down at her breasts and for a moment she thought she got it.
"Look ma'am. Take the coffee, it's fine. You should go see Clara though. She's got a shelter." He said and gave her a card with the address to Clara's homeless shelter. Her face burned with shame and she left with the coffee, not saying another word.
Summer started crying, not knowing what to do. Her stomach was hurting so bad for something to eat. She popped the lid of the coffee. It smelled wonderful.
Desperate, she took a mouth of the coffee and swallowed it. She immediately dropped the cup to the floor as her insides protested. It felt like her entire stomach was being turned inside out. She collapsed on the pavement. The clerk from the coffee shop came running out, she barely remembered his voice before passing out.


* * *


The heart rhythm monitor beeped softly. Her finger hurt, something was snapped on to it. Her slumberous hand reached up tore it off and the monitor shrieked its warnings out loud.
Soft hands reached down and put it back on to her finger. 
"The Jane Doe is up doctor." The nurse hollered.
Her eyes blinked and she stretched her arm up to rub the gravel out of her eyes. Her arm hurt, she looked down at the IV drip fastened into the top of her hand. The doctor checked in with her, wondering what her name was and if she wanted them to call someone. She said it was Jane and that she didn't want them to call anyone. Apparently she was severely dehydrated but she had been stabilized now with the IV but they still wanted her in for observation. She smiled and thanked him.
She didn't feel dizzy any more in fact she felt quite lucid. But her stomach was still yearning for food and she felt the pinching pain deep inside her. Waiting till the room was clear she found the off switch for the heart monitor, dressed in a hurry and snuck out.
I still have two more wishes to go.
She half-ran back to her car. Checking her watch she realized she would get home before Jared did.
She parked the car at home, ran into the house and rushed up the stairs into the attic. Picking up the lamp she rubbed it again.
Moments later she felt the same dry hot air blow through the room and before her stood Baseem, still smiling, still towering over her like a giant.
"Baseem I..." she began but was cut off by the giant.
"I must say, I feel very bad for how your first wish unfolded child." He began and got Summer's attention. "And, while I can not undo your eternal wish that we swore on I can give you time and shelter to come to grips with your new... situation."
"Ok..." Summer said cautiously.
"You could come home to visit me at my home. There would be a possibility for you to eat there and not go hungry." Baseem smiled.
"Is that a promise."
"You can stay as long as you like." He nodded.
"Is that a promise?" Summer realized how this worked and corrected herself. "Is it an oath?" Her arms clasping at her stomach.
"I swear, while you stay at my home I will not throw you out or deny you my hospitality for as long as you wish to remain." Baseem smiled.
"I will still have two wishes remaining?" she wondered
"Yes."
Summer nodded.
"You have to accept." Baseem waved his hand and smiled.
"I-eh... agree?"
The golden letters of the oath shimmered between them as Baseem as the oath was sanctified.
"Very well, let us go then." He said and picked up the lamp from the floor. Behind him he opened a door. A door that Summer had never seen, a door that couldn't be there. It would lead out into thin air outside the house. He opened it and warm air breezed out of it.
"Ladies first." Baseem smiled.
Summer walked through. Baseem tapped his lamp twice and a stream of white mist flew out from its tip into the attic. It gathered up dust and junk from the room and squeezed it together, forming a human like shape. After he closed the door it reshaped itself into a picture perfect copy of Summer. It looked around confused for a few seconds before clapping it's hands "Phew, ok. Breakfast. I'm starving!" it exclaimed and hurried down the stairs.


* * *


"Don't stray from the path."
The bird's chirped loudly overhead. Her body was dripping of sweat, it was trickling down on her body and the road underneath. Her ankles was burning, her feet were aching and she could barely keep her head still. Summer slapped her own neck and winced as she scraped blood and small insect parts from her fingers. Her vision was swimming. 
"How long?" it felt she had asked the question before, but she couldn't remember. She was thirsty, exhausted and above all starving. Her hunger was a like a cold pit inside her, sucking on her insides.
"Not long now my child." Baseem seemed unabated by the heat as the road unraveled itself in front of them.
Summer wanted to think about what she would tell Jared when she got home. Or that she should have left him a note explaining what was going on. But her entire focus was consumed by the ravenous pit in her stomach. She was starving like she never had before.
Every time Baseem put his fingers in her back and nudged her on, she could take a few steps forward but then she was too weak to walk.


* * *


He put her down on the terrace. "Your Highness, our guest has finally arrived."
"Yes, and she is weary from the travel." A pair of eyes studied her body "Does she hunger?"
"You would know."
"Did she swear the oath?"
"We both did."
A hand caressed Summer's forehead, her matted hair clinging to her sweat soaked body.
"This poor thing is famished, so in need of something to eat..."
"I'll leave this to you."


* * *


The birds sang around her as she woke up. It felt like she had slept forever. It was so warm. Summer stretched out her arms like a cat. Her eyes popped open.
"Wha... whe...?" she sat and looked around. The view stole her words. She was sitting on a balcony, the railing cut in marble and formed like gusts of wind. The ceiling rose high above her, like the innards of the largest cathedral and it seemed to go on forever in the distance.
Outside the railing was flowers and trees of a sort she had never seen before, meticulously planted and cared for. Arranged in a panoply of colors and scents. A garden so large that and so vast that it seemed to stretch from horizon to horizon.
"Good morning." An accented voice said. Summer jerked and saw the man sitting on the other side of the table. Her arm drew up over her chest. She stared at him.
Lean and defined, his half naked body rested on a chair. The table was set low and her eyes wandered over his bared chest. His mocha colored skin shimmered in the morning sun and his long black hair hung in a pony tail over his back. His arms and fingers glimmered with gold and a young face looked back at her.
"G-Good morning." Summer finally managed. She then looked down on her clothes and saw that she wasn't in jeans and T-shirt anymore. She was instead wearing blue silk garments. She felt naked underneath them.
"Wh-where am I?" she asked.
"You are in Baseem's Eternal Gardens. Did he not tell you where you were going?" his voice was accented, his speech came more from the throat than the mouth, but his voice was sweet and young.
She stared into his deep eyes for a few seconds before she literally had to shake her head. "Who are you?" Annoyed, Summer scowled. 
"A guest here, like you." The porcelain tingled as he took a sip from a very small coffee cup. On the table sat oranges, grapes and fruits that Summer had never seen before was served. A small feast.
He took a knife in hand and cut into a fruit. Juices spilled over through the crest and dribbled down onto the platter before he broke the fruit apart. Summer's stomach rumbled. She was hungry, but not delirious like she was on her way here. 
Not starving anymore.
"Breakfast is the best meal is it not?" he ate a large wad of fruit meat from the knife. "Your language really has the best word for it. Break fast. Breaking the fast after sleeping. Nothing ever tastes so sweet as on an empty stomach." he said and pushed the other half of the fruit over to Summer with the knife.
"Please share my food. You must be hungry from the travel."
Summer looked at the fruit, it smelled sweet but she had not forgotten.
She blinked a few times, still feeling slumberous. "Who are you again?"
He looked at her. "I am a prince of my land. You may call me A'yan."
"Eh-yen?" Summer tried.
"A'yan" He said again.
"Ah'yen?"
He smiled at her unsuccessful attempts at his language. "Ah. Yaan." He said slowly.
"Ah'yan" she tried.
"Very good." He smiled at her. "Now I insist, I cannot eat while a lady is sitting hungry at the table." He slid the fruit even closer to her side.
"I-I can't." Summer almost teared up.
"I see."
"No, I don't think you do." Summer cleared tears out from her eyes.
"You can not eat the fruit." He half stated half asked.
"Yes... I mean no. No. I can't eat it."
"Do you mind if I eat it?" he said and took the plate back.
"Go ahead." She said, her hand pressed against her mouth and she averted her eyes tears rolling down from them.
"You are hungry." He said.
She stared out into the gardens. 
"You are hungry, I can tell." He said again.
"I'm sad." She stressed her words.
"I know why you are hungry."
"You do?" she furled her brow.
"Baseem is a friend, he told me. When you came here, you were very pale, very cold. I made sure you were fed when you arrived. Baseem said you were lucky to make it."
"He did, did he?" Summer thought of the giant. "Wait what? You fed me?" she covered her mouth.
"No, no. I could never take advantage of an unconscious woman." He shook his head. "I had my guard empty his seed into a cup and then put it to your lips."
I can't tell if this is creepy or caring.
She looked at the man sitting in front of her. His physique was chiseled like a statue perfected over decades. His face was beautiful and full of youth while still being strong, his eyes were painted in a cool gray and his gaze revealed nothing of himself to whomever it landed on.
"Thank you." Summer finally replied. "I was so hungry, I think I was starving."
"Now that you are awake I will give you the choice. You can sate yourself on me if you wish, but it will have to be done in the way of my people." A'yan said.
Summer blushed and didn't find the right words. "You- I can- You mean..." she blinked at him trying to find her words. "You mean I can blow you?" she lowered her voice.
"You may serve head if you wish. But you must learn the proper rituals first."
Summer's stomach churned.
What choice do I have?
"Ok, how do I do that?"
He dabbed his mouth and stood up, his hands clasped behind his back.
"You start by kneeling in front of me."
She saw how tall he was now that he stood up. Her eyes fixated on his face she slid down to her knees. He was even taller from the floor.
"Then you prostate yourself and greet me."
"I what?"
"You bow down and greet me. I am a prince." A'yan said.
She was about to let him know that they weren't big on royalty in America but her stomach protested out loud.
Leaning forward she put her hands on the floor. "Greetings prince." She was unsure what to say.
"Very good." He replied. "Now after greeting you ask nicely if you may serve head."
She sat back up "Ehm... May I serve head for the prince?"
"I will reply either that you may not or that you may. You may." He nodded at her. "You may now reach up and remove my garments."
Her entire body shook as her hands untied the knot at his waist. It didn't take much before his pants slid down his legs and his large thick penis swung freely in the air. 
"And you may no-" A'yan was interrupted by the girl engulfing his semi erect cock. He smiled down at her.
Summer's blond hair shook back and forth over her shoulders. She was like a wild animal at a fresh kill, crazed with hunger. Her tongue worked around his foreskin peeling it back, her lips folded inward to avoid any teeth. Summer's blue eyes were staring up at A'yan's gray and they locked. She could not will her eyes or head to shift. His sculpted chest, his jawline and that angelic face.
A'yan did not betray a single emotion on his face when he looked down at this new woman serving him. Calm and collected he watched as she did what she did best. That deliberate look, that unabashed demeanor washed over Summer as she sat by his feet. Her nipples grew taught and her cleft wet.
He placed his open palms on her skull. "Once I put my hands on your head, you will cease your movements. I am now the man and you are the woman." A'yan said.
With a mouth full of cock Summer could not reply she simply froze in place and looked up at the prince above her. His hips started moving as he gently thrust his cock into her mouth. It didn't take many seconds after that when he let out a short cry and his eyes squinted and his mouth opened as he looked down on Summer. His cock twitched inside her mouth and she tilted her head upwards, she was ready to receive him. A'yan's thick and moist cum splashed into Summer's mouth and her eyes widened as she felt her oral cavity fill up.
"Royal seed is never to touch the ground. You will swallow it." He instructed, but Summer did not need to be told. She had already took one and two gulps of it and felt the wonderful sensation of his cum in her stomach.
"Thank you." She said, her mouth still sticky and full of his taste.
He smiled down at her. "You learn quickly." He caressed her hair and the two sat back down at the breakfast table.


* * *


"You can stay here for as long as you want." Baseem explained, his long legs moved slowly in order to not out pace his much smaller guest.
Summer had been dressed in thin flowing silk in soft pink and green. She had a top and a pair of wispy harem pants. Soft pink petals fell from the trees above and the birds sung in harmony around them.
"Thank you. This is a life saver." Summer told him.
"No need to thank me dear, I only did what was right." He smiled at her.
"I must inform you that you are only allowed to visit the guest wing of the palace. That is this part of the garden, the two terraces over there and the guest rooms of the harem which is just beyond that door." He gestured with his hand as he spoke, pointing out the discussed areas.
She laughed "That's huge, I could get lost in your guest wing."
"Maybe so, but still you may not go beyond it. I have many guests and they value their privacy."
"Ok. And if I want to talk to A'yan? He can go where I can't go." Summer asked.
"The prince is a very busy man. I can see that he has taken to you though and I'm sure he will want to see you more. You can send for him through one of my servants."
Summer blushed. She immediately thought of Jared back home. Before she could say anything Baseem interrupted her.
"I can see on your face that you worry for you man back home. Worry not, I sent him a brief but discrete message explaining that you needed go out of town for work."
"He will be expecting a phone call." Summer said immediately.
"Hmm..." Baseem stopped. "I'm afraid we are not exactly equipped with phone lines here." He smiled warmly. "But we can arrange for you to write him a letter. If you write it I will have one of my servants deliver it."
"Ok." She agreed. 
I will have to lie to him, but how can I tell him the truth? I'm just going to buy some time while I figure out where to go from here.


* * *


Baseem had given Summer her own room and while she slept there during the night she ended up napping all over the palace. Couches, sofas, spare bed rooms. She had been here for two days now.
Whenever she woke up, A'yan was somewhere nearby and shared breakfast with her again. She was grateful for his understanding when she talked he grew silent and didn't interrupt. He listened to her while cutting an orange or drinking his coffee. He and Baseem seemed to be one of the few people around here that spoke a bit of English. The servants seemed to understand her but never spoke English back to her.
After he had eaten they played their little game again. She would kneel in front of him, bow, greet him, ask for permission. He would stand up and give it and Summer would undo his pants and go wild on his long and thick penis. His wonderful, beautiful penis. Symmetrical, powerful, so full of life and vigor. He would look down at her in his calm way and she would try her best to make him drop his mask. Easier said than done. And she would look into those eyes. Those eyes. Summer sighed thinking about them. So unerringly sure about their place in the world. Those eyes would never take no for an answer and they were always looking at her. She found herself smiling, and shivering at the thought.
She walked into a large open room, filled with baths, ottomans, couches and pillows. A large terrace overlooked the magnificent garden and during the day the sun shone in brightly into the room. Large wall sized mirrors adorned the wall were beautifully woven carpets did not. But none of that where on top of Summer's mind right now. She was hungry and A'yan was nowhere to be seen. He always disappeared after breakfast and she very rarely saw him again until the next day.
She was getting hungrier by the minute though. While there were servants gliding through the room most of them were women or, from what she could gather, eunucks. Big large oafish men that kept to themselves and were quiet most of the time. None of them could sate her hunger. She walked on.
It was however not hard to find willing men in this place. It seemed that most of the guests where in the gardens to enjoy themselves and Baseem supplied them with any pleasure they could request.
After spending only two days here Summer had seen more debased sex acts than she had ever had before. Women being taken in both openings was common place. Sometimes giving head to a third one. Bondage proliferated among some of the guests and when they got their hands on one of the pleasure girls they were quickly finding themselves in binds they could not get out of. She first wondered if the other girls were like her but she quickly found out that they weren't. They ate and drank like normal and were a part of Baseem's harem.
Summer stopped and looked up at the large arch. For her unknown letters were chiseled into the stone above. She couldn't read it, but she knew what it said. 
Harem.
Here she could hopefully find someone to feed her. 
As she approached the gate she could already hear the moaning and groaning from inside. The first time she entered she was shocked and didn't move for a full minute. This was her third time here and she was prepared for what she was about to see.
A large room, filled with ottomans, couches and even what could pass as a bed. Servants stood lined by the wall waiting with refreshments should any of the guests need them. Harem girls lounged in the area, conversed with the guests or pleasured them. The ceiling was composed of magnificent arcs of mosaic set in beautiful blue patterns, and this was just the atrium.
This place was too public for Summer who still blushed any time she tried to find someone to feed her. Doing it in front of all these strangers in such an open room was out of the question. She needed something smaller. Summer snuck into the room and quickly passed through it. She came out in the harem's courtyard. In the middle of it was a pool the size of a small lake and around it the flowers and plants of the gardens erupted from paved stone ways that zigzagged next to the water. She was standing on a balustrade leading to one of gazebos that sat high up above the pool. Lake. She didn't know what to call it.
Water poured down from the balustrade into the pool like an artificial waterfall and she could see gold fish a foot and half long forming schools in the pool below. Summer followed the balustrade out over the water, it was like walking on a pier carved out of marble. She gazed in awe at the palace around her, it seemed like it had no end. Spires and towers and domes all reached for the sky and it was hard to fathom exactly how large the palace was.
She put her hand on her belly as it twinged, calling out its emptiness to her. She stopped and looked down at it for a second before turning her head up. There were people in the gazebo ahead. The wind caught her hair as she walked high up above the pool and made her way to the glass door ahead of her. She opened it and slipped in.
"Aah! Ooh..." the room was filled with moans of the two girls lying on the ottomans, each being pounded vigorously by a man. They were beautiful with unblemished skin, painted faces, long glistening hair and curves in all the right places. Others stood in line and waited their turn.
The air was thick with heat and the moisture had since long fogged over the windows.
She took a deep breath. If she just pretended to work here, maybe they wouldn't ask any question and she wouldn't have to answer any. None of them spoke English anyway.
Blushing she slid down to her knees next to a man. He was tall and strong and had scars on his thighs and on his side. Normally she would've noted the hair on his body and made up a snarky joke but now her focus had been narrowed by her hunger. Her eyes were transfixed on his hard cock.
She licked her lips and swallowed as she took in the hard shaft next to her. Rigid, solid, stern and large. Summer wondered if she could take it. She decided to do it. Her belly trembled and her body shivered. She felt cold.
With a quivering hand she tapped the man's thigh and he turned around to her. Sitting on her knees she simply looked up at him and opened her mouth wide. Her cheeks were crimson.
He looked down at her first confused but after a moment a wide smile lit up on his face as he reached down and grabbed Summer's head.
"Oh God..." she thought as he guided his cock inside her wet mouth. She looked up at him and lightly placed her hands on his thighs as she started bobbing his head. With a neutral face he gazed down at her.
Another man grunted and pushed a few last times as he came inside one of the harem girls. As he slipped out of her, she caressed her breasts and beckoned to the next man who quickly hurried over and began to fuck her.
Summer focused on the cock in her mouth and wrapped her lips around it and pushed her tongue forward, keeping her teeth away for him. He started talking to her in a deep voice in his unfamiliar tongue. She didn't understand a word. She didn't care, she kept sucking. She could taste him already, the pre cum had started leaking out. Finally her spurted in her mouth and she quickly swallowed him. A small load.
She scowled in disappointment. The man above her laughed after he settled down from his climax and reached down and ruffled Summer's hair. He asked her something and she politely smiled back.
"Excuse me." She said and slid over to another man but the second she touched him he stood up. The center girl had been turned up on her knees, sitting on one cock already the man dropped his trousers and stuck his up her butt which she was spreading with her own hands.
"Aah! AAH!" she moaned loudly.
Summer felt a twinge of hunger in her stomach and hurried over to a third man and he was sitting down in a chair, his dick glistening wet. She didn't even look him in the eye or say hello, she just put it in her mouth.
It tasted of vagina. Summer's face cringed as the scent washed over her. She gently nibbled and sucked on his limp dick. He exclaimed something out loud and pointed at Summer and his friends in the room laughed with him. 
Summer needed another load, a big one. He wouldn't have it considering he just came. She mewled with his cock in her mouth at the realization and decided to pull out and look elsewhere. The man's hand grabbed the back of her head. He hissed something sternly to her and pushed her head back over his dick. Summer froze. 
A single word was spat at her. She didn't know what it meant but she could guess. Slowly she started bobbing her head up and down his dick. He mumbled something and leaned back in the chair, relaxing.
She worked on his cock until it stood up again, and she kept working it until he finally grabbed her head and thrust into her mouth, his cock poked the back of her throat until he came and gave her a pitiful load to swallow. When he was done he dropped her and left. Her throat felt bruised and when she turned around she saw that everyone else had left and the sun had set.
She was going to sleep hungry tonight.


* * *


She couldn't remember when it happened, but some time during her stay in Baseem's garden her appetite had increased. Perhaps it had grown slowly, over time, she wasn't sure. The first time she fed on a man, it sustained her for nearly a full day. When she came to the gardens and she was free to service men to her heart's content. Then maybe she fed three times per day, it left her feeling full and warm inside.
But as of late, she fed from maybe five, six or seven guys and she still felt like she had room for extras at the end of the day. Especially during the night when good loads were almost impossible to come by. The men fucked the other harem girls before they turned to Summer and as a result they were already spent when they came inside her. She remembered the time in the harem a week ago when she was pushed down on the cock of a spent man. It wasn't common, but when it happened it was really bad.
To sate her need of six loads per day, she probably serviced over 10 guys per day, on average. They were also never quite the same people. A'yan was always there in the morning. They had fallen into a routine where she joined him while he had his breakfast of fruits, jams, cheese and coffee. They talked during the breakfast, he typically talked about his day, his latest hunting exploits or the politics of his homeland. Apparently two warring parties, the Khamsa and the Tisa'a were quarreling over food and A'yan was responsible for keeping the peace. Summer listened with interest, but she often found herself doing more looking than listening. A'yan's strong arms and smooth skinned face shone like a sun to her and sitting there that morning she would bask in his light forever if she could.
As A'yan finished his breakfast Summer slid down to the floor and serviced his growing shaft. His load was always large, thick and creamy. She reveled in slowly letting it run down her throat. She had grown to love the taste of it, the smell of it. She could easily tell the difference from A'yan's cum and other men's cum just by texture alone.
"I wish you would come like this all day long." She once told him. He only caressed her hair in response.
Later that day, Baseem came by. The giant of a genie that brought her to this wondrous place to begin with. She greeted him courteously and he her alike.
"So tell me Summer, how is your stay in my Eternal Gardens?" He asked her as they walked through a corridor of trees with bird song whistling around them.
"It is good Baseem." Summer said.
"Lord Baseem." He hummed jovially. "The other guests and servants will wonder if you do not address me properly child."
"Oh, I'm sorry. I meant no disrespect. Ehm, lord."
"No off course not, I know you didn't."
"So, Lord Baseem. Things are good."
They took a couple of steps in silence.
"But..." he began and smiled down at her.
"But I'm getting hungrier and I need more men now then I did before. The girls you keep in your harem are so beautiful, more beautiful than I'll ever be. It's hard sometimes for me to get everything I need. I'm trying to be as good as possible but I'm nowhere near your harem girls... It's hard to get to the men before they do!"
Baseem let out a bellowing laugh. "Is it now?" he wondered.
"Yes, it's quite a problem. I often go to sleep hungry."
"I see. That is not very pleasant my child." He observed.
"No, it isn't." she said quietly.
"What about your friend A'yan? Does he not feed you every morning?"
"He does, and it lasts most of the morning. But I need to feed again after lunch and then again after that. During the nights it feels like I don't do anything but go from man to man trying to get the last drops of their seed." Summer complained.
Baseem smiled at Summer's words, like he always did. "I... could help you with that if you wish."
Summer raised an eyebrow. "How do you mean?"
"You have two more wishes. Should you wish to use them."
Summer felt apprehensive. She remembered that the last time her wish didn't exactly pan out the way she wanted it. But her time here in Baseem's palace had been more than she had hoped for.
"What kind of oath do you suggest?" Summer finally asked.
Baseem laughed loudly. "Ah, you learn. It is good to think these things through before you say yes. Let's see now. I will swear to make men more pick you first among the other girls in the harem."
"To make men to pick me first... over the other girls in the harem." Summer wrinkled her brain over the words, trying to see where this could screw her. The only thing she could think off would be for him to make the other girls uglier. That would not be very nice, but it wouldn't affect her.
"Say it again." She demanded.
"I will make you more attractive, such that you can get to the guests in the harems quicker than now and perhaps even quicker than the other harem girls."
"Often." Summer added. "Often quicker than the other harem girls." She didn't want to say 'always', she surmised that could be dangerous.
Baseem chuckled in his deep voice as they walked up the stairs to the palace and she could feel his voice reverberate throughout the stone floor where she walked.
"Very well then. Is that your Eternal Wish? You have to say the words child." Baseem said.
"It is my Eternal Wish to be so beautiful that men would often pick me over the girls in your harem."
Baseem reached forth with his hand, Summer grabbed his index and long finger and they shook on it. With a woosh the words forming their oath appeared hanging in air next to Baseem as he had sanctified their oath.
"And this is an ongoing process. You will keep working at it, to make me even more attractive?" Summer asked, remembering the rules Baseem presented during her first wish.
"Yes, I am Baseem the Eternal. I am oath bound. Are you ready to begin?" Baseem said and showed Summer to a mirror.
"Yes." She swallowed hard and smiled a little. Goosebumps rose on her skin and her eyes wandered all over the room.
Looking at herself in the mirror she actually thought she looked pretty good. Her thin silk dress was translucent enough to let her contours show clearly through it but opaque enough to not reveal much more than that. It showed of her thin body which she had always been proud of.
"Look into the mirror." Baseem told her and she did so. Her hands fidgeted. She laughed nervously.
Then the genie gave the mirror a quick shove and it started spinning. "Keep looking at the reflection. Can you see it?"
She squinted, trying to catch a glimpse of herself in the rapidly rotating mirror. It was all a blur. "I..." she began.
"Look harder." He urged her.
She leaned forward and just as she started to see bits and pieces of herself Baseem slammed his large hand down on the mirror, halting it straight in front of Summer's face. She squealed and jumped by surprise. And then she saw herself in the mirror and squealed again.
Her eyebrows were plucked and sat in a straight line. Her eyelashes long and thick clearly shooting out like a rim around her eyes, making them look even larger. Her nose was somewhat smaller, her teeth straightened out and her lips were filled out, glistening of moisture. The skin on her face was clean, without blemishes and all her freckles were gone.
She still had the same eyes, forehead and chin. Her hips had swelled out and her fingers were more delicate. She could see the old her in her new look, but it looked more like what she would've expected a beautiful sister to look like.
She jumped up and down in excitement, she could barely contain herself. As her breasts jumped around on her chest she immediately felt how different they were. Her hands reached up and cupped them. With open mouthed astonishment she looked up at Baseem.
"How big?" she asked him, not sure if she liked or disliked this new part of her body. She had always taken great pride in her small yet very well formed breasts.
"Bigger!" he laughed and left her there at the mirror.
Geez - these must be like double Ds or something. I used to be AB cup... 
She twisted and turned in front of the mirror, looking at her new breasts.
Well, at least they don't look artificial.
She cupped them in her hands again. 
But they are heavy...
"Wow..." she finally blurted out.


* * *


"Ah! Aah! AAh! AAH!" she screamed so loud the birds took flight from the nearby tree. The man lay on top of her, her hands reached up to his glistening chest and felt its firmness. He thrust into her rhythmically, pushing his pelvis hard into hers. Then as he was close to finishing, he pulled out and walked up next to her. Summer's head tilted up and she opened her mouth wide, sticking her tongue out.
Grunting, his cock came above her face, shooting rope after rope of cum into her already sticky mouth. Kissing him clean after he was done, she laid her head back and let the cum lay still in her mouth. He was the fourth guy.
Number five walked up between her spread legs and placed his dick between her folds and pushed in.
She laughed silently and smiled. 
Oops, a little spillage.
She scooped up a rogue strand of cum from her chin and licked her finger clean. She had already come twice from the long fucking. The first man was particularly well endowed. She had stolen him from the black girl whose name was Kyah. She was probably the most beautiful from them all. But all she had done was to sit down next to the guy she was courting, push her breasts together with her arms and look up at him with her hungry-and-lusty eyes, occasionally glancing at his package. It didn't take more than half a minute before he had excused himself and devoted all his attention to Summer. Kyah didn't look very happy.
She loved it. Never before had getting men been this easy. 
With three loads of cum already in her belly and a fourth being savored in her mouth, her day was done. After the fifth guy finished in her mouth she closed her lips and slid a hand down to her wet and tender crotch and gently stroked herself while bathing in the afternoon sun. 
From a balcony above, her host Baseem was watching. He watched and he smiled.


* * *


"I have a present for you." A'yan said.
"For me?" Summer said.
"Come, sit."
She sat down on a stone bench. It was beautifully carved and underneath the bench they sat on were beautifully carved statues of two kneeling persons, the bench rested on their backs.
A'yan sat down next to her and put a satchel in his back. "First let me tell you a story."
Summer nodded and smiled.
"Once there was a maiden. Her name was Talatha'shar and she was a kindred soul lost by fate and time. She never quite fit into her world.&nbsp; She was different and didn't have many friends growing up. "
"How do you mean different?" Summer asked.
"Well, for one. She preferred her pillow play like how the animals do it."
"Oh." Summer looked surprised, not expecting this turn in the story. "And that's bad?"
"In her country, that was not considered proper behavior for a girl too even have wants in the bed chamber at all. But she did, and she suffered for it."
"I see."
"Also no matter how hard she tried, she could not stand coffee."
"Coffee? Was that a problem?" Summer giggled.
"Coffee was the most important drink in the land where she grew up and as a wife she was expected to make it for her husband."
"Ok."
"One day, when she was growing up. Her parents married her to the son of one of their friends. They moved in together and lived. At first, she was very happy. Happy to have found someone that cared for her, someone that loved her. But as the years passed, she still felt different, like she was looking in from the outside. But she could still not make very good coffee. This didn't anger her husband who just told her to keep practicing. But she, she felt like she was useless.
"One day, after many years, it finally became too much to bear. She told her husband that their pillow play was most boring and that she hated the thought of drinking coffee with him in the morning every day, she didn't even like it."
Summer nodded and placed her head in her hand as she listened.
"When the husband asked her how she wanted to make love she told him 'take me to bed now and I'll show you!'"
"Ooh, spicy." Summer smiled
"So the two went to bed, they kissed, they undressed and then when he laid her down and was about to enter her temple..."
Summer started giggling.
"What?" A'yan asked 
"Nothing you're just very cute..." she drew her hands through his thick hair. A'yan took her hand from his hair, kissed it and placed it on his thigh.
"She turned around. She turned around and got up on all fours and told him 'Take me like a stallion takes his mare.' Her husband got up from bed and wondered what she was doing. She told him this is what she wanted, she wanted to enjoy life regardless of what people would think of her."
"They had an argument and they fought for hours and hours. Finally her husband cried 'I cast you out! I cast you out! I cast you out!'" A'yan paused.
"What does that mean?"
"That means they are divorced."
"Wait what? He can just do that?"
"Yes. It was the ways of their land."
"Get out! That sucks." Summer declared.
"So cast out from her house, owning only the clothes on her body she wept and walked to her parents. But her parents didn't open the door, they didn't even acknowledge her calls from the window."
"Why?"
"Because they had already heard that their daughter had been divorced and why. She had brought shame and dishonor on their family and they washed their hands of her."
"That's cruel. And stupid."
"One would think so yes."
"I certainly would."
"That's because you are who you are." A'yan caressed Summer's cheek. She smiled helplessly in his hands and could not stifle a giggle as his intense eyes gazed into hers.
"So Talatha'shar wandered helplessly all day and all night. She was chased from her neighbors and from the village and from the palace, for they had all heard of what she did. So she wandered and she wandered until she was a long way from home. And there, with no food and no water she collapsed in the wild."
"I hope the story doesn't end there." Summer noted.
"Then she woke up..."
"Oh good."
"Let me finish." He pointed at her.
"Sorry." She smiled.
"Then she woke up and she was surrounded by a beautiful garden and sitting next to her was a beautiful prince Amir. The prince told her he had been out riding and stumbled upon her body. He took her home to his kingdom and fed her soup until she woke up.
"The woman fell to her knees and thanked the good prince, thanking him over and over. When he reached down for her chin she shied away. He asked her what was wrong and she said 'Please my fair prince, do not touch me. For I am a sullied woman with no honor and I dare not dishonor you as well.
"The prince looked at her for a second before he reached in towards her face and gently turned her face to him. He told her, 'How can something so beautiful have no honor. No, you honor me by being here, by sitting here with me. Please, I would be honored if you would stay.'"
"Aaww..." Summer cooed.
"And Amir and Talatha'shar married. Their pillow play was as adventurous as the morning star itself and Talatha'shar could drink whatever she wanted whenever she wanted it. And this..." A'yan said and drew something up from his satchel. "...was her necklace."
Summer's eyes widened and she sat up straight. It was made out of pure gold and glimmered beautifully in the sunlight. A line of golden links so small and so delicate she first thought it was a golden string, they held up a golden sign. Or a series of letters, written in a curly alphabet she couldn't read. He held it up to her.
She covered her mouth with both hands. "For me?" she asked surprised.
"Yes. Please, accept it." A'yan said and put his hand on her shoulder, motioning her to turn around.
"Oh..." Summer turned around and smiled so wide her cheeks hurt. She didn't care. A man never bought her jewelry before.
"Your hair..." He whispered from behind her. She drew it all over one shoulder as he reached around her and drew the necklace up her chest and fastened behind her neck. The signs rested close to her collar bones."
"It's so beautiful. Thank you." Summer said with a wavering voice. "A beautiful necklace, for a beautiful woman. I couldn't think of anyone else to wear it." His hand drew from her shoulder to her back and caressed her.
"What does it mean?" she said and touched the letters.
"Talatha'shar. Her name. I thought you could be my Talatha'shar." He leaned in closer.
Summer turned around. Her mouth half open and her eyes large as she looked up on him. 
"Do you mind? If I call you Talatha'shar?" A'yan said. He was so close she could feel the warmth of his body wash over hers. Her chest heaved up and down as she breathed. 
"No."
He leaned down and kissed her.


* * *


When Summer looked into a mirror now she no longer looked twice. She had gotten used of the sight of her new appearances that Baseem gave her.
No not Baseem, I gave this to myself. It was my wish.
She had been apprehensive about her larger breasts at first but when she saw how a generous cleavage made men nearly robotically turn their heads to take a second look she started to enjoy them. The attention they gave her from the Eternal Garden's guests was second to none. They also felt wonderful to have touched. She had read somewhere that larger breasts were less sensitive but nothing could be more wrong about hers. They tingled in arousal and became sensitive to even a feather light touch when aroused. That part she liked. But the extra attention men gave her didn't always pan out as planned.
The pubic hairs tickled her nose. His hands clasped firmly around the back of her neck, her fingers were clawing at his thighs. A helmet and a pair of armored pants lay on the ground as guard together with his three friends were teaching Summer about deep throating. Tears streamed from her face. Not because of pain, but due to the humiliation. His hands and his cock decided if and when she could breathe.
He let go of her.
Like a spring pushed on her head she dislodged herself from his cock. Her open mouth panted loudly, like she had just emerged from a long underwater swim. That was how her body felt.
"Relax..." one of the guards said, they were standing in a circle around her. One of them grabbed her and swiveled her around on the marble floor. She looked up and a huge black man towered above her with an equally huge erection straight in front of her face.
"Fuck..." she whispered before his hands grabbed her head and thrust his long cock all the way down her throat.
Someone grabbed her hips and hoisted her up to her feet. "Nng!" she complained, her voice only stuttering bursts during the brief moments the cock left her throat and cleared the airways to her nose. Awkwardly, she leaned forward as she was being pulled up, her face pinned at the crotch of the guard in front of her, her mouth still impaled on his firm shaft.
Her arms clawed at the man in front of her, but when she realized how feeble her attempts were to stop her fingers found their way into the straps of his armor. It was something to hold on to; she gathered that she needed it.
The swollen purple head split her labia aside as it situated itself within her cleft. Her wet snatch was open for him and with one deft push her buttocks jiggled as his hips slammed into her.
"Aah... this slut is in heat like a dog." The guard gasped. Summer gave up all tries of meeting their thrusts. Stern hands held her hips and head in iron grips and she was being fucked from two opposite directions at once. She could only hold onto the belt of the man fucking her front and try to maintain balance to the thrusts of the man fucking her from behind.
"I love the girls here. Never afraid of a good spit roast." One of them commented, his breath panting. "That's not a proper spit roast. Spit roast is mouth and ass, you're doing her mouth and her cunt."
"Oh really?" The guy from behind said and pulled out. Summer froze and tried to look behind. When she realized what was happening her mouth worked to vocalize her protestations. But she was only gagging on the cock in her throat. The guard behind her switched his grip of her ass and closer to her.
Summer moaned into the cock in her throat as her ass was being split open by the invader behind her, his glistening wet cock pushed deep inside her inch by inch.
Suddenly her insides were filled with the warm sensation of his life sustaining seed. For a short while Summer relaxed and her throat swallowed as if it had a life of it's own, massaging every last drop of cum from the man's cock as he was pushing his hips into her face. His bunched up sack pressed tightly against her chin and she could feel his nuts being drawn up into his body through its leathery skin.
He quickly pulled out of her, a trickle of cum mixed saliva dribbled out from her gaping mouth and down her chin. She barely noticed, she was panting, her chest heaving up and down as she worked hard to fill her lungs with air again.
But her respite turned out to be a short one as her view was once again blocked by a man's pelvis and his eager cock aimed straight at her. Hands grabbed her head and he slammed himself against her face and she pinched her eyes shut as her face got pressed in by the guard's eager hips.
Unexpectedly, she felt a third set of hands. They were on her knees, trailing up her legs to her thighs. But the angle of the hand, it had to come from underneath.
"Come on." He heard one of them say from below. The fucking stopped. Summer took the short respite to breathe through her nose as much as she could. Both the guards pushed her down.
"Mnnngh!" she moaned as she unwillingly knelt to the ground. She felt her pussy lips part again, splitting for the large cock that was pushing up inside her. She sat down slowly on the cock, and hands grabbed her thighs from underneath, pulling her down fully.
"Mneee!" Summer's squeal echoed in the room as she was filled completely. Now when she had knelt properly the three cocks started moving again. Pistoning in and out of her ass, throat and pussy. 
The men groaned and gasped all around her. The cock in her throat started to leak precum and she could feel it trickling inside her. A stern hand smacked her ass raw and she felt prickly stubbles on her swaying breasts as the guard she was riding started sucking on her nipples.
Ten minutes later she lay on the floor panting. Cum was leaking out of her orifices, her buttocks were shining red and her throat never felt so sore. A thin veneer of sweat covered her body and stuck her hair to her face.
Summer sat up feeling lightheaded and stuck her fingers between her legs, pooling up the leaking cum and in her hand. Pulling it up to her face she looked at it with vacant eyes for a few seconds before she pressed it to her mouth, sucking it in.


* * *


The heels of her shoes tapped against the marble floor as she made her way through the palace. The murmur of the crowd grew from a distant echo to a tumultuous roar. She had never seen so many people in one place at once.
A'yan hadn't been at breakfast this morning. Instead he left a note.
My dearest Talatha'shar. 
I regret that I can not share breakfast with you this morning for I am preparing for one of my people's most cherished celebrations later this night. Myself and others have invited many guests and I want you to be one of them. Find a beautiful dress and come to the great hall at dinner time. You must drink from a bowl before you can enter, but it is safe for you.
Yours truly,
A'yan
He had started using the name of the princess in the story. Talatha'shar. Summer loved it, it made her feel special and she couldn't help but smile when he used it.
Summer looked up at the corridor in front of her. She had honestly not expected so many people. She stopped and stared at them. A sea of guests spilled out in the room before her and they were only standing in the corridors outside.
Summer get stuck in the crowd and in front of her stood a couple speaking English.
"Is it this time a year again?" A man said
"Yes, it's the last day of the fire month." A woman replied
"Oh, I wouldn't know I don't keep with the fast."
"Hsssh! Are you mad?" she hissed. "The Hunger Lord is in the palace, you mustn't anger him. What if he heard you?" she looked around.
"I'm a loyal servant of Baseem the Eternal, I have nothing to fear from some visiting lord from another realm."
"What do you think Baseem values most, his reputation among the lords or you?"
The man grew quiet.
"Yes exactly, now you should pray that no one heard you. We will partake in the festivities and we will do so with a smile." She said and forced a smile.
"What does he look like, the Hunger Lord?" The man asked quietly
"No one knows. He is here incognito."
Summer looked around and the hallway suddenly grew quiet. The crowd parted as an extremely thin man with leathery skin and a red robe strode forward. He passed near summer and she could see his bony hand clasping the staff he relied on for walking.
"Is that hi-" he winced as the woman cut him off.
After he had passed she turned to him and said "No that's the grand vizier of some royalty that's here."
The vizier raised his voice and spoke, his voice was more powerful than his stature would suggest and it carried throughout the entire corridor. But he spoke in the same tongue as the others and she couldn't not understand him. After a few words everyone started applauding. Summer joined in. After the applause had died out the 20 feet tall doors creaked open and the guests started pouring through.&nbsp; 
Summer followed the crowd and passed through and walked into the great hall for the first time. She stopped in her tracks and looked up dumbfounded. The walls rose so high up small clouds were forming just below the ceiling. Colonnades and murals decorated the walls and flowers erupted from vases on every table. In front of her servants were carrying baskets of red and orange flower petals that the strew across the floor as the guests walked in.
On the tables all manners of food was laid out. Fruits, freshly cooked rice, poultry, meats, grilled, steamed, marinated, in sauces. Summer didn't feel anything for normal food any longer but even she felt compelled by the magnificent display in front of her.
Servants stood with bowls of a clear liquid and poured up small glasses of it and gave it to every guest. The guests quickly downed it one gulp and gave the glass back to the servant.
A'yan said I could drink it...
She accepted a glass and held it to her nose, it had no smell.
Summer hoped for the best and emptied the small glass. It felt like the liquid disappeared going down her stomach. She didn't grow nauseous but after a few seconds she felt a pang of hunger as the liquid emptied her stomach. Other guests around her also swallowed the liquid, some of them apprehensively and none of them looked unperturbed as couples exchanged comments with each other and put their hands on their stomachs.
Then she saw him. A'yan was sitting at a honorary table at the far end of the hall. She hurried there.
It took her minutes to walk to the other side of the hall and she couldn't take her eyes of the clouds up above.
Two guards crossed their spears blocking her path.
"Hey!" she exclaimed. "A'yan!" She peeked past them and waved.
"Let her through." He waved and the guards relented.
She held her skirt as she hurried up the stairs. A great beast was grilled and laid out over several silver platters. It's black shimmering fur hung like a trophy on the table.
"A'yan!" she hollered "Have you seen all these people?"
He smiled at her. "Yes my Talatha'shar, I have."
"Quite a turnout I'd say."
"It will suffice."
Summer stared at him with an open mouth.
"It will suffice? But there must be thousands of people here."
"And yet there could be thousands more. Our lands are bigger then yours. Bigger palaces, bigger kings and bigger galas." He smiled at her. "There are some rules while you are a guest at the end of the fast and I want everyone to follow them. Even you."
"Ok." She nodded.
"The food laid out is a symbol and a test. A symbol of abundance and a test of the people's strength of will. We will fast until midnight and not before then will we eat or drink. This goes for you too."
"But I'm hungry." Summer pouted her lips.
He waved his fingers. "The rules are the same for everyone I have also drunk the water of the fast. Traditionally the one fasts for the entire fire moon, but not everyone in here follow the old ways. You will not eat or drink until midnight if you are to be my guest. That is final." He said.
Summer looked him in the eye and realized he was serious.
"If this is important to you A'yan, then I'll do it." She finally said.
His smile returned. "This pleases me. Now I would ask you to leave me, I have guests to welcome."
"Off course A'yan." She said and left.
God. He is so beautiful. That pristine face. The royal dignity he carries himself with. I can fast for him. It's only a few hours.
She didn't take more than two steps from the stairs before she heard her stomach rumbling. She took a deep breath and walked into the crowd to mingle.
She spent what felt like hours listening to people, trying to make out the at least a few of the words in their foreign tongue. She recognized a few words now. Na'am meant yes and Laa meant no. Or was it the other way around? She was just happy that some words were seeping in.
A guard came to Summer and put his hand on her shoulder.
"Yes? Is something wrong?"
"Talatha'shar, would you please come with us?" he asked.
Many had learned of the new name A'yan had started calling her by.
"Sure, is there something wrong?"
"Just come with us my lady." He said and walked towards one of the side rooms.
The stepped through the silk curtains and entered one of the smoking rooms. Water pipes stood on the floor and the sweet smell of tobacco washed over her. Other than a few servants, she was the only woman in the room.
"Is that the one?" A mustached man asked
"This is her." The guard replied
Summer looked around, not understanding what was being said as she still had not learned the language. She only understood a few words here and there.
Two hands pushed her down to her knees. "Oof! OW! Hey!" She scowled and looked up. Two of the men were already pantless with big erections aimed at her face.
"Oh." She smiled.
"Oh no! I ca-" a cock pushed into mouth and started sliding in and out.
God it's so big and thick.
She wrapped her lips around it. The cock slid alongside her tongue and she found her own head bobbing up and down the shaft vigorously. A few moments passed and Summer caught herself wondering what his cum would taste like, what the texture would feel like on her tongue, slithering down her throat. How the warmth would spread inside her. She mentally shook her head.
I promised A'yan I would fast with him. I promised.
She leaned back and pulled herself free from the cock and it dislodged itself from her mouth, wet and glistening from her saliva. "I'm sorry, I can't. I promised to fast just like all of y-" another cock pushed in to her mouth. This one fast and quicker, it poked the back of her throat. "Agh-ggh..." Summer gurgled as he pushed into her throat.
She heard clothes drop to the floor and shallow breathing from the men around her. Hands stroked cocks and eyes were fixed on the woman between them all. Turning her eyes to look around, Summer saw all of them. She was surrounded by the entire room, too many for her to count.
Her eyes widened as she felt the warmth moisture explode inside her mouth. He came.
Oh fuck!
Her stomach growled as her mouth filled with his warm and thick cum. She couldn't bring herself to spit it out, instead it oozed and dribbled down from her open mouth. It somehow felt less of a waste, less disrespectful.
Her stomach felt like a cold empty pit and she trembled as the next man stuck his cock in Summer's hungry mouth. She looked him up in the eye and worked him with her entire head. Her blond made up hair rolled over her shoulders each time she went down his shaft. She did what she had done every day since she got here, she did what she loved to do, to watch men above her look down on her, to see their faces as she worked them, to smell their wonderful cocks and to take their cum in her mouth. Only this time she wasn't allowed to swallow. This time she had to go hungry.
He came. She let it dribble out over her chin again. Her brow furled and her body shook in a pang of hunger. The men in the crowd pointed at her face and chin.
"Looks like she wants it on her face." He laughed.
"Well lets give her that then." Another man stepped forward, his hand already working his cock and Summer was ready to take it in her mouth but he palmed her forehead and pushed her away. For a second she pushed against him with an open mouth, reaching for his cock. Confused Summer looked up at him and with a word and a smile his ejaculate hit her straight in the face. A long strand smacked down over her forehead, nose ridge and more. She shut her eye and turned her face away.
What the hell?
The men around her laughed as she flinched away from second and third ropes of cum he shot at her. They landed in her hair and on her dress respectively. He took a step forward and dried his dick on her crimson red cheek.
Summer reached up and dried the cum out of her eye. She sat there for a second and looked at her finger, her hunger sucking at her insides. Every fiber of her being wanted to lick the finger clean. But she could only think of A'yan's disappointment. She was partaking in a yearly ritual. Surely there was a punishment for disrespecting their customs.
Another cock stuck itself inside Summer's mouth and it wasn't long before that emptied itself inside her as well. Her hunger stung her again and Summer couldn't resist it any longer. She cried quietly from the hunger, tears streaked down her face as the cum bubbled out from her mouth.
One of the servant girls handed her a large crystal plate. She took it in her hands and when she tried to put it down the girl held her hands up with the plate under her chin.
Thick and creamy, another load splashed against Summer's forehead and started running down her face. She felt the cum getting stuck in her eyelashes and how it dripped from her chin. Dripped down on the plate. She stared down at it.
A cock pushed into her mouth. Summer's head began bobbing over it. Her stomach wrung itself in hunger when she smelled the deep scent of the cock in her mouth. The smooth taut skin on her tongue, the blood gorged head poking the back of her throat. The dark brown eyes looking down on her waiting for her work him until he comes. She yearned to fill her belly. That her entire face reeked and dripped of cum was only making matters worse.
He came in her mouth. Her throat started moving on its own trying to swallow it but a man took a stern grip of her cum soaked cheeks and growled two words to her. She stopped swallowing.
"S-sorry..." she squealed and spat the cum out. It landed on the plate she was holding.
She looked up and around her. There was no end to them, the room was packed and they were all stroking huge shining cocks. Summer had to stop herself from licking her lips for they were also laced in cum. Instead she simply opened her mouth wide and waited for the next one.
Perhaps hours later Summer still sat on the carpet. Her dress was soaked through, her hair was plastered to her face and neck. Her eyes had not been opened in over an hour and her face could barely be seen behind the wet gelatinous mask of semi dried cum she was wearing. The only part of her face that was seen clearly was her aching mouth that she forced open. She was bent over the cum splattered plate her aching arms were struggling to hold.
She had tried to count the number of men she just serviced. She lost count at 50 once and at 35 the second time and that was only the cocks that came in her mouth. If it hadn't been for her running wet pussy and her tingling breasts distracting her the hunger would've been unbearable. She had never experienced a craving this painful before. It was like her stomach had shrunk into a prune, leaving only a pulling and sucking sensation, pulling her entire belly into her.
Cum dribbled down her lips into her open mouth. She spat it out and flowed down her chin onto the plate. Summer had no idea what she looked like but her cheeks were still burning crimson, even after all this time.
A loud clock rang out in the great hall. From silence followed a short speech and uproaring applause. The few guests still lingering in the room cheered and corks popped from their flasks and glasses were filled. On plates a feast was brought in with roasted chicken, steaming rice, sauces, marinated beef, grilled fish. But Summer only leaned forward.
She bowed down to the crystal plate she had been holding for all this time and put her lips to the runny yellow-and-white platter of cum she had gathered. People pointed and talked about her. She knew what they were saying but she didn't care, nothing had ever tasted so sweet or wonderful. Sitting in the middle of the room Summer put her lips to the platter of cum and started sucking it in. She drank her fill. The plate was cold but it turned her insides glowing warm. Her aching muscles were soothed, her mind swam in delirium. When she was done she lay down her back and started cleaning her face with her finger, licking it clean after each stroke. Her belly felt like it swelled up from her body.
Meanwhile in the doorway stood a thin old man with leathery skin and a red robe. Watching intently for his master.


* * *


The sun was shining on the two of them. They were holding hands as they walked the path to the lake. Summer's naked feet reveled in the feeling of the cold stone against her skin and she grabbed at them with her toes.
"Do you like it here?" A'yan asked her.
"Mm-hmm... I do." She replied and wrapped her hand around his arm, leaning on his shoulder. He smiled and drew his hand through her hair. The Gardens made Summer feel like a sexual being like she never had before but A'yan always made her feel like a lady.
They came down to the lake and sat down on a wooden bench, it was warm after having been in the sun all day. His hand quickly caressed Summer's naked shoulder. Her feminine forms were barely visible through her silk top and her big airy pants. She smiled back at him and cupped his face, kissing him on the lips.
"I have some good and some bad news, my Talatha'shar." He said. Calling her by the name of the princess in the story always made her smile.
"Bad news first." She said, she was a responsible girl. "I have to go away for a while."
"Oh no." She pouted and gave him her best puppy eyes. "For how long?"
"Not long, I just have some business to attend to back home. My subjects are missing me."
"Your subjects?" Summer giggled. "I didn't know you had subjects." Summer giggled.
"I do. I am a prince after all." A'yan said seriously.
"Oh, I see..." Summer said, her hand trailed up along his slimmed yet muscular chest. "Not long... You promise?"
"I promise we shall see each other soon, if you would like it." He replied. Summer smiled back
"And the good news." She asked him?
"Well..." he kneeled down to the floor and held out a closed hand towards her. "My dearest Talatha'shar, I have been told it is a custom among your people to offer one of these when a man offers a place in his home to a woman."
He opened up his hand and inside it lay a thin gold ring fitted with a large sapphire.
Summer's eyes widened. As she stared at it, she looked up at him in disbelief. It was gorgeous. She looked down at it again.
Her hands covered her face in disbelief, a smile played over her face quickly and she looked back up at him. "Are you-?"
"Would you like to be my Talatha'shar, as husband and wife?" he asked her, presenting the ring as a gift.
Summer's hands covered her face.
"Yes!" She exclaimed with the widest smile that had ever graced her face. "Yes! Yes! I would!"
"Oh, I am so glad. That you said yes." He smiled softly back at her as he put the ring on her finger. It fit her perfectly. Summer thought he looked happy, he was always like that. 
"There is power in a promise but you break the engagement if you to take the ring off. It is very important that you always wear it." A'yan said
"Off course silly, I'll wear it forever." She kissed him on the lips and soon thereafter he kissed her back. Her arms entwined around his head and shoulders as the two sat on that bench by the lake. 
A'yan's hand found it's way up Summer's blouse and cupped her large swaying breasts. Sometimes they still felt weird when she walked but she thoroughly enjoyed the feeling when men cupped them and couldn't quite contain them.
She felt her chest swell with lust as she pressed herself unto him, sitting upon his as her hands continued to comb through his thick hair and her mouth continued to taste his warm tongue.
In silence, he disrobed first himself and then her. He took her breast in his mouth, tasting it and she moaned, pulling his head down to her chest. His growing member pressed against her thigh and she loved every moment of it.
She slid over his lap and could feel her wet pussy leave glistening marks on his thigh as she made herself ready to mount him.
"No!" A'yan said.
Summer snapped out of her lust filled haze. "Huh? What?"
A'yan was holding his hands under her thighs, keeping them apart. "We must not join together before our marriage." He looked at her very seriously. 
"Oh?" She pouted, this time for real. "What do you mean join? Like, no fucking?" she bit her lip playfully. 
"My spear must not meet your flower." He said.
"So... no fucking?" She leaned nearer to him.
"It breaks the engagement. It is our way." He simply said.
"Well that suits me fine." Summer said and slid down to her knees. "I was just getting peckish anyway." She smiled and leaned in between his legs and kissed his erect shaft.
A'yan looked down on Summer with cool eyes as she went to work on his erection, his hands caressed her hair as she worked beneath him. She finished him off rather quickly and wrapped her lips around his sensitive head as he was coming, making sure not a single drop of his glowing hot seed was wasted.
He grunted and tensed as she brought him to climax and after she was done, he drew her up into his lap and they watched the sunset together.


* * *


"Do you really have to go?" Summer's eye brows closed together.
"I'm afraid so my Talatha'shar." A'yan caressed her cheek. "We must be apart for two moons now, such are the laws of our engagement."
She turned and twisted the sapphire on ring on her finger. "But... I'm going to miss you so much!" her chest already throbbing from the loss. 
"And I you, my beautiful wife to be." He said and leaned in to kiss her. "When we meet again, we will be joined together. Forever."
Summer's hands clawed the open air and shivers ran down her spine as he said that word. She leaned in to kiss him again, tasting his tongue one last time.
"I'm sorry, we can't go on. In two months time my sweet." He said and climbed into the palanquin. Four large eunuchs, giants towering over Summer's petite form, lifted the palanquin and walked off with it. 
"Remember, hunger is the best spice." A'yan.
"You 'Mean longing makes the heart grow fonder'?"
"That is how you would say it." He waved from inside his palanquin. "I will see you in two moons." He was carried away.
Summer's hands slowly rubbed her belly, imagining the feeling of his hands on her waist and his warm firm chest against hers. She closed her eyes and for a moment she could taste him in her mouth.
"Excuse me, miss." A man in front of her cleared his throat.
"Y-Yes?" Summer said after almost jumping from surprise. She recognized him as the A'yan's vizier, his chief adviser. The man had leathery skin and was almost impossibly thin. He wore a red satin robe with wide sleeves and a decorated hat that was so tall that it had to be clasped under his chin.
"Prince A'yan wanted you to have this, as an engagement gift. He said and handed her a ceramic jar.
"Oh, that's nice..." She said looking at the jar. It had a label attached to it with a piece of string. She opened it up to read it but it was in this realm's language. She couldn't even make out the letters.
"Those are the instructions for use, please do not use incorrectly." He noted.
"But I can't read them, this isn't English."
"The A'yan Sawm wishes for you to be fluent in his mother tongue if you are to live with him and he expects you to practice every day." He said and handed her small red book.
She held the jar with her arm and opened up the book. It looked like a dictionary or a schoolbook of sorts.
"Oh. I'm not sure I can. I'm not very good with languages."
"You will learn if you wish to be the prince's wife. I have instructed everyone in this wing to cease speaking English to you."
Summer felt a knot in her stomach. "Besides, it's not like you have much else to do here until you reunite with the A'yan Sawm."
"As-salaamu 'alaykum" he bowed to her.
"Ehm... Salam aleykum?"
Amused, the vizier sneered and left her.


* * *


The candle light flickered across the room the pages of her book and the naked skin of her body. The moon loomed outside the window, large and majestic it hung over the palace yard.
Not one minute had passed since A'yan left and Summer had missed him already. His soft voice, his beautiful face and his knack for always being around when she needed company, needed help with something or was just hungry. She knew that two moons wasn't a very long time but it felt like years. She wanted to be with him again, to feel him against her and when they married to feel him inside her.
Summer sighed and opened the book again.
"Sabah El-Khair. Good Morning." Summer lay on her bed, feet in the air and nose in the book that A'yan's vizier had given her. He was right, no one would speak English to her any more. She couldn't speak with anyone.
 "Masaa El-Khair. Good Evening." She repeated the book. "So I guess Masaa is evening and Sabah is morning?" she mused.
"Sabah." She tasted the word and in her mind imagined the rising sun and singing birds. It was a beautiful word. "Sabah." She smiled and flipped the page.
"Na'am, yes. La'a, no." Summer nodded. "I know those already."
Another phrase quickly caught her eye. "Do you want? Beddek?" Summer bit her lip. Imagining what that would be like, asking someone if they wanted to fuck her in this foreign language.
Summer knelt on the bed, spreading her legs wide and tossed her hair behind her. She looked up above her where a man would stand, she could almost feel the scent of cock. She cupped her large breasts in her hands and looked up. "Beddek?"
She felt like such a slut.
Biting her lip she smiled and looked down at the bed again. Her fingers reached down between her legs and casually stroked her moist lips. On the night table next to her stood the jar that A'yan had given her. It was filled with a pink salve, but she still couldn't make out what the instructions meant. She took the vizier on his word and didn't touch the stuff before she knew what it did.
She looked down on the book again and she felt a light sting in her stomach.
Study or go find a snack?
Moments later she was walking down the corridor in her silk pants and top, the door clicking shut behind her.
But where would she go this late in night? She wasn't quite sure so she simply wandered the palace until she find someone. The place was huge and filled with people, finding someone wouldn't be so hard she thought.
It did however take a while until she saw a living soul and at first she didn't see him, she heard him. The rhythmic thuds of a knife on a chopping-board felt familiar.
A kitchen? How ironic, me. Going to the kitchen. To eat. Let's hope the chef isn't a woman. 
She stepped into the kitchen. A huge fat man stood in front of the table chopping vegetables. He didn't see her yet. Carefully, she knocked on the door. He didn't see her still.
"Ehm... Masaa El-Khair." She managed.
He stopped and looked up at her. "Masaa El-Khair." He replied.
Bubbling with success, Summer couldn't help but smiling. Between them there was a huge simmering pot.
Summer wanted to try some small talk but the words wouldn't quite come to her. Then she heard a wheezing cough behind her. A tall and gangly man.
The two men started talking heatedly to each other, almost shouting. They exchanged words for a while before the thin man left again, but one word caught Summer's ear. "Talatha."
She furled her brow and listened to it again in her mind. She didn't mishear, he said Talatha. Carefully, she padded up to the chef. "Ehm... Talatha?" She asked him.
He looked at her strangely. Summer bit her lip, realizing her question didn't make much sense to him. "Ehm... Yanni... Yanni eh Talatha?" hoping it meant 'What does Talatha mean?'
He began talking back to her, too fast and too slurred for her to make out much of the words. He gesticulated with his entire hand and said "Wahid, Ithinin, Talatha." He said and looked on her.
Summer furled her brow again. "I still don't understand..." she said and shook her head, hands clasped behind her back.
The chef put up one finger. "Wahid." Two fingers, "Ithinin." Three fingers. "Talatha."
What? That can't be right.
Summer held up three fingers to him, "Talatha?" she asked to confirm.
"Na'am." He replied, 'Yes'.
Summer approached him and held up her necklace to him. "Talatha'shar?" she asked him. "Yanni eh?"
"Talatha'shar?" he repeated after her with a belly jiggling chuckle. He held up both hands, flashed all his fingers, closed them and then showed three of them. "Talatha'shar." He confirmed.
Thirteen? Why would a princess be named Thirteen?
Summer mused. It seemed like such a silly name, and nonsensical. She looked down at her necklace and thought on it.
It has to be a normal girl name, like May or April? Maybe it's a lucky number here?
 When she looked up she saw the chef staring down at her half naked body and her almost transparent top. She let go of her necklace.
Well this is going to be easy.
She flashed a smile.
Reaching up to her breasts, she cupped them through her blue silk top and gave him her most innocent look. "Beddek?" her voice softened.
The chef dropped the knife on the table and grabbed her. With a shriek he hoisted her up on his big belly and ripped through her top with his large hands and sank his mouth down over one of her breasts.
Summer grabbed his shaved head to hold her self still as it felt like he was devouring her nipples, suckling and chewing on them. She squealed in surprise and when he got to her second teat she started giggling. It certainly wasn't what she was expecting.
She felt her stomach churn and her pussy wetting. Squirming to get free, he dropped her down to the floor and she sank down to her knees immediately. Her hands already up in his breeches, trying to untie the knot that held them at his waist.
The chef looked down at her and grinned foolishly. She guessed he didn't get lucky that often.
"Well today is your lucky day." She said to herself with a smile.
Finally his pants dropped and his already semi erect cock bounced out in front of her. Summer's mouth watered, it was a beautiful penis. Circumcised, long and thick. And it reeked of cock. Musky, pungent and powerful. She could almost taste his cum already.
She reached forward with her hand and touched the shaft. It was huge, almost as thick as her wrist already. Swallowing hard, she wondered if she would be able to fit it in her mouth. She was almost giddy with the thought of what the chefs batch would be like. She imagined it huge and sticky.
Her breath shortened and she felt her jaw open as her mind cleared. Her mouth filled with sticky cum. Like overeating chocolate and barely being able to chew or speak because of it. But with cum. She leaned forward and kissed his head more eager then ever.
The chef looked down at her in silence, letting her work.
She took his large head inside her mouth, letting her mouth and lips slide across his shaft as far down as she dared to go. Summer heard a content rumble from above her, it urged her on. She started bobbing her head over his massive cock and her hands reached up and cupped his sack, gently caressing it. He was completely erect now and his girth was massive, stretching her jaw open. She had her tongue over her bottom row of teeth in order to not scratch him, but the sheer size of him pushed her tongue down on the teeth so hard that it started to ache.
Summer persevered and kept on working the chefs cock. His smell was filling her nose and ravaging her mind. Her pussy was dripping wet and her nipples standing in attention, stiff as rubber.
As she was in the middle of her work she heard a noise behind her. She froze for a while and listened. The chef's large hand immediately reached down to her head and pushed her towards him, urging her on. She continued working him.
A man spoke, the chef replied. She could feel his voice reverberate through his massive body into her lips. He said something and both men chuckled.
More men? Great. I'll go to bed with a full belly tonight.
Moments later she felt hands on her back. Behind her, someone said something to her. He was close, she could tell from his voice. Then she heard even more movement behind him, men talking between themselves. Speaking in hushed voices, whispering.
Suddenly the hands grabbed her hips and jerked her up. Summer squealed as she bent her back, keeping the chef's massive cock in her mouth. Her pants got pulled down and she could her the fabric breaking. She felt like she was being doubled over, her hips bent ninety degrees, her chest parallel with the ground. She held onto the chef's jacket for balance. Her ass jutted out straight back and she could feel the air on her cheeks and her wet snatch as it was pushed back between her thighs.
A soft but loud slap landed on her butt. Two fingers reached into her sopping pussy and the two men exchanged a few words, commenting her wetness, and then laughed over her arched body.
Go ahead, fuck my pussy. Stick a cock in it.
Summer pushed her tongue out under the cock in her mouth, sliding back and forth, feeling her throat softening and warming up.
A cock dashed against her butt cheek, hot and hard. Two fingers reached into her and scooped up her juices and then smeared it between her butt cheeks. Summer slowed down for a second, not quite reacting fast enough.
Moments later she felt a cock over her asshole, pressing in. Her entire body tensed and she screamed into the cock in her mouth. Her hands on the chef's stomach, she pushed away and got the chef's cock out of her mouth. "No! Not ther..." she managed to blurt out before the chef's massive hand grabbed her head and smashed it back onto his huge cock.
Wide-eyed she saw his belly approaching her face and felt his huge cock charge through her mouth into her throat. She had to fight not to gag and tears welled up in her eyes. Her small arms made a feeble attempt to push the giant chef away but he didn't even budge an inch.
From behind he pushed hard and she felt his hips press up against her rounded ass.
She whimpered and cried, but no sounds would get past the massive phallus in her mouth and throat. Summer had learned to deep throat properly, she knew it would be hard to breathe perhaps even impossible. She tried to breathe in through her nose but it felt like the air was barely moving. Like breathing through a straw. She could only take quick short breaths as her throat stuttered open and closed as the chef was starting to fuck her in earnest.
Slow strokes from in front of her, his large hands holding her head in an iron grip. His massive cock going all the way and then half way out. Quick, frantic strokes behind her, the man's gnarly fingers dug into the flesh of her butt and his hips moved like a piston, fucking her ass as fast as he could. The pain from her behind was numbing.
The man's grip tightened and he made one final push inside her, she felt his cock twitching inside her as he dumped his load. Moments later he pulled out and she thought the worst part was over. Then she heard the voices behind her again. She had almost forgotten, they were more than one.
Summer's heart sank with the realization and when she felt the next set of hands on her hips holding her up she could only wish he would go for her wet and willing pussy. But no, these men had made up her mind. There was only one hole they wanted from her.
Tears streaked down summer's cheeks. The chef's cock was still slowly thrusting in and out of her throat. After the fourth man she lost track. More people came and went behind her than she could remember and they all used her ass. Then they came back for seconds.
Goosebumps shivered over her body as she started to feel pool of cum inside her left from all those men. The chef still hadn't shot his load. Like a clueless giant, he just kept slowly pushing in and pulling out with the regularity of a piston. A very slow, very large piston.
Finally, when all the other men had sated themselves on her ass more than just once, she heard the chef moan above her. She tensed as she felt his cock swell inside.
And came he did. A thick stream of hot cum erupted into her mouth, splashing her palette and pooling under her tongue. With quick reflexes she began swallowing when she felt that even more was coming, she didn't want it to overflow. Summer managed to slump down on her knees as she swallowed mouthful upon mouthful from the chef's flowing pillar.
At last he let go of her head and pulled out.She jerked away, a trickle of cum running down her chin. She coughed and breathed deeply, her mouth sticky with cum just like she wanted.
But what she didn't ask for was her deep red and throbbing butt, smacked and slapped more times than she could remember and her distended and opened ass hole, relentlessly fucked. She blushed deeply with shame as she reached down and scooped up cum oozing out of her ass with her hands and pressed it to her lips. The men pointed and jeered as she started lapping it up.


* * *


Her gold and sapphire engagement ring turned left and right on her finger. She couldn't stop touching it. It was a beautiful ring of beautiful gold with a beautiful blue sapphire. "It will match your eyes." A'yan told her. She smiled at the memory. Her chest was aching painfully from the distance between them. She so wanted them to be together again. Then she remembered what he said. "Hunger is the best spice."
Summer sighed and leaned her head in her palm. 
"Nothing could be more true." She said out loud. But painful as it was to be apart this wasn't her biggest concern at the moment. Her backside was still aching and her hole was still tender, it had been a few days since the tryst Summer had with the chef and his helpers in his kitchen. On more than one occasion she had to dodge and hide from his assistants as they were prone to come back for more when they saw her for they had become enamored with her backside.
But the bad part was that the reputation of her apparently "Tight and smooth" ass had spread throughout the palace and the amount of men who wanted to try out her back-door was large and growing.
She wasn't sure what she was going to do about it, but it was a real problem. It hurt, never quite got enough time to heal and it cut down on what she got to swallow.
Summer sighed and tried to focus on something else. She held the jar of salve that she got from A'yan in her one hand and the dictionary in the other. She was getting skilled enough to translate the words on the note from her fiancee.
My dearest Talatha'shar
Accept this gift from me, Prince A'yan your fiancee, as a token of my affection for you. Within this jar lies a beautifying salve made from desert roses harvested in the light of the year's first full moon. Some people call this salve is the Moon Rose salve.
Summer raised her eyebrows. "Really?" she asked out loud. She opened it up and smelled it. It didn't smell like much. She saw only a faintly pink salve in the bottom of the jar. It looked like a very small amount.
Use a sponge and apply a thin coat of salve to your lips, areola and on your heavenly gate. 
Summer snickered when she read it out. It was what Prince A'yan called her pussy. He could be so gentleman like.
If you wish, you may also place it on the ring between your cheeks. Do not get it on your fingers. Do not place on any other location on your body. The Moon Rose salve is very potent and can bring with it undesired effects if used improperly.
When applied to your heavenly gate, be certain that you cover every fold. Work it in with patience. Only when it is fully applied will the beautifying effects come to life.
Summer beamed with a smile, she did it. It took her almost a week to understand the letters, after that it was pretty easy.
"Ok..." she opened up the jar and swiped a sponge on the salve. She drew it up into the light and it glistened a soft pink hue in the evening sun and her naked skin grew goosebumps from the excitement.
She slid across her bed over to the mirror and looked at herself. She smiled, her unblemished skin and large white eyes looked back at her with a dazzling smile. She smiled back to her own beauty in the mirror. Summer could still see the old her in the eyes and the forehead, but she would be lying if she said she didn't prefer her new looks. 
She applied the salve to her lips. It felt like lip gloss. It shimmered in an eye catching pink hue. Summer smacked her lips together and spread the gloss out evenly. It looked nice.
Then she applied to her Areola, they tightened immediately to the cold touch of the salve and Summer shivered. Then she sat back and to spread her legs. Her butt ached in pain again. "Ugh... God..." she winced.
She looked at the salve and thought for a second. Then she got up on both feet and squatted. Her fingers reached behind her pussy and spread her cheeks with on hand and smoothly painted her aching anus with the Moon Rose salve. It tingled and itched, it made her clench her buttocks almost painfully hard. But then after awhile it subsided and the pain went away.
She lowered her shoulders and exhaled and sighed with relief.
Sitting back down again she spread her legs and started to massage in the salve into her pussy. Her snatch had grown moist from all the excitement and the salve turned into an ointment quickly. An ointment that Summer rubbed into her pussy with quite some enthusiasm. The applying of the ointment turned into masturbation and she leaned back in bed and stretched her body, happily massaging herself to an orgasm in the warmth of the evening sun.
As she was moaning in bed, in the midst of her climax, she felt something that made her freeze. All the spots on her body that had been touched by the salve stiffened. Then, as if the salve itself was moving it grew tight over her lips and nipples. Like someone was crunching them from all directions at once. But even more overwhelming, the same sensation flashed over her pussy and ass. 
As the sensitive flesh crawled and tightened Summer began squealing in fear and grabbed a towel and tried to dry it off. She drew it over her breasts but nothing came off, her nipples were completely dry. So were her lips. Only her own wetness came off her pussy. Dropping the towel she leaned forward and looked herself between the legs. Something was happening.
She could see how the outer lips of her pussy withdrew back into her body, like they were shrinking right in front of her eyes and conversely her inner lips filled out and was even more visible and exposed than they usually were.
Summer's nipples grew in thickness and her Areola shrunk in width. Her lips swelled even further and pouted large from her mouth. She couldn't see what was being done to her ass. She stared at herself in the mirror. Not only did all her body parts shrink and grow, they still bore the glistening soft pink coloring that the salve had. Summer tried to wipe the gloss from her lips with her fingers. Nothing happened.
Wide-eyed she quickly turned down to her nipples. Pink. She spread her legs and looked at her opened up pussy. All of her pubic hair had fallen off and her enthusiastic rubbing had brought the salve to every part of her pus and made it shine in a soft hue of frosted pink.
As she realized what she had done to herself, Summer blushed.


* * *


"Hello child." Baseem's deep voice startled her. She jumped and turned to him.
"Hello." She said meekly.
It had been two more weeks after Summer had applied Prince A'yan's engagement present. Lips, nipples, pussy and perhaps most pressing her anus, had become very noticeable indeed. Summer could always feel the air rush over her naked pussy with her pubic hair gone and without her outer lips shielding her inner bits. As a side-effect of walking around and always feeling her inner lips and clit she quickly worked up quite the sexual appetite. Between sating her hunger and her now growing sexual needs she found little time for anything else in the palace and she was growing lonely, yearning for A'yan's company again. But it was still more than a moon to go. 
The problem was though that the salve has also been applied to her ass and it had apparently gotten an eye-catching pink hue that drew men like bees to honey and her asshole in the latest couple of days had felt like it was perpetually distended. At least most of the men had the common decency to finish in her mouth when she asked them.
Not nearly enough of them.
"Walk with me. A beautiful day is it not? What is on your mind child?" Baseem asked her.
At least she understood the language almost perfectly now. Speaking it was harder.
"I..." she began and cleared her throat. "I have a problem."
"Yes? Perhaps I can help, you have two Eternal Wishes that I have to fulfill."
Summer chewed her now pink lip.
"Well. You see." She spoked in a hushed voice. "The men here, they... are very eager." She tried.
"Yes. Very eager." Baseem smiled.
"Too eager." Summer whispered.
"Oh-ho-hoh..." Baseem chuckled. "Really now? I thought you had a certain hunger to sate." 
"Well, yes I do. But they stick their dicks in all the wrong places all the time."
"Oh..." He shook his head. "I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about that."
"But I have two running wishes. Can't you do something?"
"The first wish is for you to have a reason to take men in your mouth and take their seed in your belly. The second wish is for you to be attractive and draw the men to you. I can't solve your problem by fulfilling any of those wishes." Baseem said.
Summer chewed her lip again. She knew he was right, but she saw no way out of this. Yesterday and the day before that she had gone to bed hungry. This morning she would've wanted ten or so loads. She had gotten a measly three, the rest of them blew their spunk in either her pussy or ass. It was impossible to enjoy the sex because she was too hungry and her anus had been in constant pain for over a week now. The day before she almost fell over from exhaustion and hunger.
She needed his help, short of a chastity belt she couldn't stop the men around her from fucking her when they wanted to. 
I don't think there's any other way... 
She fretted. It felt like a waste, like she wanted to save it for something better.
"Baseem, I think I am ready for my third wish..."
He stopped and bent his body down. Face to face his smile widened. "I'm all ears."
"It is my Eternal Wish for men to prefer my mouth over my other holes. And I don't want them to ever take me in my ass again."
"This would be your third and final wish. Are you certain?"
Summer's eyes trailed up as she thought through the wording of her third wish. Her stomach churned in hunger and her anus seared in pain.
"Yes. I'm so hungry, just... Yes. Please."
"It is a deal." Baseem held out his two fingers and Summer shook them. The oath appeared in golden script for a few seconds before being flashed out of existence.
Baseem smiled back at her and looked her in the eyes for a long moment.
Summer blinked a couple of times, "Well?"
Baseem held up an opened box in front of Summer. "What is in the box?" he asked her. 
"I'm really hungry."
"What is in the box?" He repeated.
"Ehm... nothing?" 
"Are you sure?"
Summer leaned forward and looked closer. "Yes. It's... empty."
Baseem hummed and snapped the it shut. It had a fine painted dandelion on top of it. Baseem started to shake the box. At first there was nothing. Summer raised her eyebrows and looked at it, seemingly unimpressed.
Then, something started to rattle in the box and Summer's eyes sparked with interest.
She could hear it. It was something small, like a pebble or a small rock whisking around in there. Suddenly, the rattling grew as more and more things were rattling around inside the box.
What's that and where is it coming from?
The rattling grew and grew until it sounded like a maraca. And after a full minute of shaking Baseem finally stopped and held the box in front of Summer and started to slowly open the box. She leaned forward as the lid was opening. 
"Aa-h!" she gasped and drew back from the box. It was full of teeth.
"What is in the box?" Baseem asked.
Summer was had to take a moment before regaining her composure. "thee'h" She lisped. Summer covered her mouth with her hand.
Baseem smiled down at her. Her eyes widened in shock first and then anger. "'Ou thook my thee'h?!" she asked him.
"Yes." He responded.
"Why de h'uck?"
"Well child. You have given me three mandates over you. To give you reasons to take men into your mouth, to make men want to be with you and to give men reasons to take you in your mouth over your other holes. That means your mouth needs to be more enjoyable than your nether regions. Teeth aren't very enjoyable."
Summer stared up at the genie towering above her, the realization of what she had just done crashed down on her.
"My thee'h ne'her s'ouch. Ne'her!" she complained, now shouting.
"Oh, hush child. No need to raise your voice. I'm just doing as you asked."
"I didn'f afk for f'is!" she kept shouting.
"Now now dear, I must insist that you lower your voice. Men find loud mouthed women most uncomely."
"Gi'f s'em back!"
"Remember your second and third wish. You'll be forcing my hand if you continue with this." He warned her.
"Gi'f me my thee'f back!" she demanded and pounded his chest, pulling on his arm.
Baseem snapped his fingers, Summer's hands raced up to her throat. Clutching it she was gasping for air.
Baseem stuck two fingers forward into the air in front of her and pressed down, Summer sputtered and hissed as she nearly enough gagged. Her tongue was pressed down and flattened with a force stronger than she had ever felt. Her brow was furling, her eyebrows pressed together and quivered above her wetting eyes. She looked up at Baseem and tried to get his pity.
Summer's tongue flattened in her mouth, permanently. 
"Your tongue is such a wonderful muscle my child. Soft, wet and powerful. We must not condemn it to wailing and crying." Baseem's fingers started to carve in the air, reaching upwards. Summer felt her tongue flatten and roll up the inside of her cheek. His fingers switched direction and Summer felt her tongue roll up her other cheek.
She tried to shaking her head violently, but whatever force held her was too strong and she merely shuddered an inch back and forth. Her chest heaved up and down, her breathing frantic through her nose. After a few moments she was lucid enough to feel her mouth and tongue. The latter was stretched out and rolled up both her cheeks. 
Her tongue continued to trail up the inside mouth until they both met at her palate. Her tongue burned and she shrieked as the two ends seared together.
"We made an oath you and I. No men will take you in your mouth if all you do is lisp and sputter vitriol. Now they will truly prefer your mouth over your other parts." Baseem said and let go of the Summer's body. She slumped to the floor and breathed heavily. Her nose wheezed of rushing air. She sat up on the floor and touched her mouth. It felt full but didn't hurt. She tried to speak but no words would come out.
Her lips were slightly parted. She pressed her jaws together trying to close her mouth but found that a pressure in her mouth stopped her lips from fully closing. She strained against it but gave up and&nbsp; crawled up to a large mirror.
From the outside she looked normal. Her lips were parted just as if she was about to say something or she was awaiting a kiss. She opened her mouth for the mirror and found that it wouldn't open very far, only a few inches. When she saw what as inside she stared in shock.
Her tongue had been rolled up inside her mouth and formed a tube. An empty cylinder. A tunnel of flesh. 
"Ooo-gh'ooo" Her quivering eyes cried as they took it all in.
Her tongue could barely move, secured not only in the floor of the mouth but in its roof, cheeks and everywhere in between. Her hands reached up and touched her face as she stared in wide-eyed horror.
She tried moving it, thinking it had only gotten wrapped to the side, maybe it was numbed like at the dentist. She tried moving it right, left, in and out but neither was possible. No matter how much she tried it only tensed pathetically within her parted lips.
It was two fingers wide but she could see it pulsate and contract with the occasional twitch in her wet flesh. Summer tried to move the tip of her tongue. She saw the front of her tunnel pinch shut. Every muscle in her tongue was a ring and her new tongue now a line of rings.
She swallowed hard and saw her tunnel oscillate, contracting and relaxing from the tip all the way to the back of her throat. One big wet, rolling contraction going all the way back. Her eyes were the size of saucers. 
"This wasn't what I wished for..." she tried to speak."Ooo-oo'nf..." was what her mouth produced. 
Summer shivered in the tropical heat and her gaze fell to the floor. She didn't understand. How was she to talk to people, how was she to ask questions or answer them. What was she supposed to say to A'yan? 
Baseem stood above her and smiled. "A very good wish my child, I'm certain it will bring you great joy. Oh and yes, before I forget." He said and snapped his fingers. 
Summer's ass suddenly tingled and crawled intensely enough to make her squeal and then she felt nothing. Creasing her brow, she reached between her legs and felt her anus. Only smooth skin sat in it's place. It was gone. Her eyebrows bobbed together and she whimpered as she felt the empty flesh.
"A very good wish indeed." He said and patted her on the back with his enormous fingers before he silently departed, leaving Summer in front of the mirror.


* * *


It was late in the afternoon and the palace was in its midday lull. Most of the guests were taking a nap from the day's activities and the servants were preparing for dinner later in the night. 
She made a run for it. 
Summer couldn't fool herself any longer. She had stayed at the palace out of necessity, because it kept her well fed. Then she stayed due to her heart, her feelings for A'yan had almost made her forget about home. She had a home, a house and a boyfriend that she had betrayed. She had feelings for A'yan and she acted on them without hesitation. It wasn't right. She felt dread at returning home to him but it wasn't close to what she felt about Baseem. They said that they had delivered a letter to him, now she had started to doubt if that had really happened. She did after all only ask for it, she never wished for it.
She would gladly explain everything, she wouldn't even mind being sent to a mental institute. As long as it got her away from this place.
Twilight was setting upon the gardens as Summer's naked feet carefully padded out in the gardens. She couldn't find her old clothes, the ones she came here in, so had to make do with her silky top and harem pants.
She wandered down the garden, to the exit and out through the gates. The jungle swelled up above and around her. It was looming, animals chirping and screeching from within. Summer swallowed hard as she looked inside.
'Don't stray from the path' Baseem said sternly when she walked here. It seemed like a good idea, the underbrush out of the path was thicker than anything she had ever seen.
She walked on, going further into the jungle. The path swayed and turned, she didn't remember it like this. 
I was pretty out of it when I came here. I don't remember much.
She walked until her feet grew damp with the earthen floor of the forest and then stopped to get her bearings.
As she turned and looked back her heart skipped a beat. The gate to the palace was just behind her, no more than a few dozen yards away.
But I've been walking for half an hour!
Her brow furled and eyes trembled.
She turned back around again and almost jumped out of her skin as she was startled by a child standing right in front of her.
No older than thirteen or fourteen, she was thin and gangly and had probably been human at some point. But she no longer looked like it. She looked more like an animal. With yellow bright eyes and black shimmering skin.
Her eyes stared at Summer and then behind her, she turned and looked out into the jungle and then back at Summer.
"Hello." She wanted to say. She waved instead.
The black skinned girl sniffed the air in between them, thinking for a while before she spoke. 
"Hello." She said, her voice midway between a purr and a growl. She stopped for a while, like even she was unused to how she sounded.
Summer waved again.
"What are you doing out here in the thorny wilds? You look like you belong in The Gardens." She growled. Summer didn't think she was trying to be aggressive, but maybe her voice couldn't make any other sound.
Summer pointed into the jungle. "Home." She tried to say.
"Oh'om."
"You can't speak can you?" the girl asked. "Soon, I won't be able to either. Maybe we can be sisters in suffering then." The girl stepped closer and sniffed Summer's hand.
"I would give you my name, but I lost it." 
Summer creased her brow and tilted her head. 
What?
"I've forgotten it." The girl said. "I've been here too long. Do you remember yours?"
Summer nodded.
"Don't forget it. When you forget your name, you belong to The Others forever."
The Others?
Summer wanted to ask so many questions. How she got here, what this place is, what she meant by The Others.
The girl was barely dressed, she wore only a loincloth over her hips and her feet were paws standing on a high rise. As she turned and looked around, like she did every now and then, Summer could see a thin tail as well.
"I can't go home, I don't remember my home any more than I remember my name. I had - I think - a mother." She growled. "If I could only see her face, I could go home. But I can't. I don't remember..."
Summer clasped her hands, not sure what to do.
"The jungle takes you where ever you want to go. Back to the gardens, to other realms or back home. But you have to remember it for it to take you there. If I could only remember my mother, I could go home." The girl growled.
"They took me here, they put me here. In the jungle, to hunt and to live in the dirt. And one day, they'll come for me. They'll ride through the forest and hunt me down and..." A branch fell in the woods and the girl jumped around, claws out.
Only the birds could be heard.
"They'll hunt me down and slaughter me like the animal I am. They'll skin my coat and wear it as a trophy and make one of their feasts out of my meat. That is why they took me here." She hissed and spat out the words.
The girl pricked her ears and listened into the jungle. "Are they here? Did you bring them with you?"
No!
Summer shook her head.
The girl pulled her lips up, revealing razor sharp teeth. "You brought them here didn't you. Are you the bait? The bait to draw me out?!" The girl advanced and Summer started backing up. 
No, I swear! 
She held her hands up in front of her and shook her head.
She roared in furiously, setting of the birds into the air.
"Maybe it's me that will feast on you tonight!" She unsheathed her claws and sat down on all four and growled loudly again.
Summer ran. 
She could hear the animal girl chasing her from behind, she could feel the dirt kick up on her legs and sense the warmth of her breath as she was chasing.
Summer screamed as she ran. Faster than her legs had ever taken her before. The jungle took her to the place that first came to mind. Moments later she ran through the gate of The Eternal Gardens and two guards spotted her. "Animal attack!" one shouted and readied his spear and ran to the gate. She never looked back, she just ran.
Finally she slumped down on the gravel road and looked back, her breath since long gone, her feet aching and her legs numb.
She saw the two guards chase the girl off. Standing on all four, she looked like a panther. 
Is she also one of Baseem's guests? What did she call him... The Others? Does that mean there are more than one of them?
Standing up she dusted of her legs and brushed off gravel that stuck to her skin. 
She said the jungle takes you where ever you want as long as you remember it. She couldn't go home, because she couldn't remember her mother... But that is not a problem for me. I remember my home. All I have to do is keep my boyfriend's name and face in my mind and go back in there! Jake here I come! 
She took the first step, then stopped. 
Jake? No, not Jake. 
Her heart skipped a beat. 
Karl? No, he doesn't even look like a Karl!
Then she froze again and stared wide eyed out into space. She couldn't remember what he looked like.
She took a few steps to the side, her eyes looking down at the grass, searching, rummaging through her mind. 
I'm sitting on my knees, my hands are on his thighs. Yes, those thighs, with the jeans. We're about to make love. I look up on his face and...
She saw A'yan.
Stopping and staring out onto the grass. A'yan's angelic face looked down on her. His jet black hair weaved over his fore head and his eyes gazed into hers.
Summer shook her head violently. 
No! No!! I need to remember, his name, his face. Anything...
Baseem approached quickly. "What is going on here?" he boomed, demanding attention from one of the guards.
The guardsman knelt before Baseem. "My most benevolent lord." He said, taking his helmet off and bowing.
"Captain. Exactly why is my guest wandering out into the jungle on her own?!" he demanded. 
"I'm sorry my lord I..." the guard tried.
"Yes you are." Baseem's voice sharpened to a point as he flicked his wrist.
The guard was tossed into the air. Remaining airborne for meters and he skidded and rolled even further after he had landed. Baseem snapped his fingers and the gate to the gardens slammed close with an ear deafening clamor, with the guard captain on the other side of it.
"Lieutenant." Baseem called to the other guard. He approached immediately and bent the knee, bowing his head with helmet in hand. This one kept his tongue. 
"You are now captain of the guard in the verdant wing. See to it that this gate remains closed and that no guests wander alone into the jungle."
"Yes my lord. Thank you lord."
Baseem dismissed the guard and turned to Summer.
"My dearest child, what did you do?" he smiled widely.
She looked up at Baseem.
"You have to understand that the jungle is a very dangerous place, it would claim the life of the unprepared and I wouldn't not be able to live with myself if something happened to you on my watch." He put his hand over her shoulder and she shied away.
"There now. I'm sure you have friends looking for you in the palace. Why don't you go relax with them." He said and pushed her forward with his giant hand.
She hurried away without argument.
"It seems our little Talatha'shar has too much free time on her hands." Baseem said to himself when Summer was out of earshot. He snapped his fingers and Summer stopped dead in her tracks and looked down on her belly. It churned loudly. She was hungry. She was more than just peckish, she was hungry to the point of pain.
That was sudden... 
Her head was swimming from fear, fatigue and hunger. Perhaps if she could feed and rest a little she would remember.
Baseem inspected the closed gate. It was securely locked with a large and heavy metal rod. It was locked in place by a halter and you could only pull the rod out if the halter was also pulled down. Content Baseem watched as his now starving guest walked up the stairs to one of the palace's balconies.


* * *


His large hands cupped her swaying breasts, fingers caressing the sensitive skin underneath and on the side, nipples being softly kneaded. Her pussy grew hot and her skin shivered, goosebumps shooting up.
Her petite hands reached down into his pants and found something warm and solid. His long cock stood up from his trousers that slid down to the floor. Summer looked down on the cock and felt the sides of her vision blur. Like she was in a black shimmering tunnel. Her gaze dropped down the cock, the warm meat resting in her hands. She felt it with her fingers. It twitched. Her mouth watered. Her stomach wrung in pain and hunger.
He grunted and put his one hand on her shoulder. He didn't need to nudge her down, she slid down to her knees before he told her. She pouted her lips as she got closer to him and relaxed her tongue. It opened up inside, ready to take him in. Summer firmly slid her head over the cock, feeling the texture of smooth skin and bumpy veins slide through her new mouth. His salty, musky taste permeated her head.
His cock stroked her tongue from all sides. The sensation more than she could've possibly imagined, intensity that her mind was not made to handle. Like a thousand french kisses, his cock slid deeper into her wet tunnel and her whole mouth electrified.
 Her head whooshed and she had to blink and put her hand on his hip to not lose balance. She was dizzy, she was hungry, she was horny.
Summer's nipples stood in attention as her nose pressed up against his pubes and she heard him grunt deeply above her. A cascade of feelings washed over her. Breathless arousal, crimson red shame, shattered defiance but above all was the wringing hunger.
Her blond hair dashed back and forth as her head bobbed furiously over the cock. She grabbed it with her new tongue and he grunted with eyes wide open, his hands held her head with the claws of a mating animal. He was taken with her and his hips had started moving. He was fucking her mouth as much as she was giving him head.
With her new mouth she could no longer flirt or ask anyone.She need to pick men up wordlessly. After many failed attempts she had simply walked up to this one and put her hands on his crotch. It filled her with crimson shame and she felt like a slut, but her hunger got the better of her.
On top of that, she didn't dare smile anymore. She knew how freakish her flesh tunnel of a mouth looked and smiling would show everything. She would've preferred to keep her mouth completely shut but not even that was possible, her mouth always gaped slightly, her lips apart just so that she had that look that made men look twice. But Summer didn't quite see it that way. She tried desperately to shut her mouth and all she felt was her lips stupidly apart like she was too dumb to think of anything to say.
But even worse, when a man fucked what was left of her mouth, the tight tongue and the friction against his hard cock seemed to flick a switch in her body. Her now pink and exposed inner lips grew wet almost immediately as it drove her into a lust filled craze. While the shame coursed through her mind and blushing body, her pussy was dripping. She couldn't help herself, she touched herself when a cock entered her mouth. Slowly at first but she felt herself pick up in speed as the cock in her mouth started pounding the back of her throat.
Then as she could taste the precum, she felt her body leaned forward and her head tilting up opening up her throat for him. Her lust directing and moving her as much as she did. He thrust even deeper into her, and grunted and pushed his hips all the way into her face as he started coming into her throat. When he had shot his load, he grunted and pulled his cock out of her. Some remaining cum spilled out in her mouth and she got to taste him.
Without as much as a word, he stuffed his cock back into his pants and left. Summer laid back on the couch and with one hand she scooped a leftover strand of cum on her chin and pushed it down into her mouth. 
What would A'yan say if he saw me like this?
Summer's eyebrows trembled as she stared at the roof.
Would he disown me? Who would want to marry me now? Or would he be furious? Demanding Baseem to undo what he has done. I'm sure that he can if he wanted to.
Her mouth felt full and open at the same time. She could not make sense of the new sensations her body fed her. Her newly fucked mouth hole was distended and opened all the way to the back of her throat. At the same time, her flesh tunnel pressed against her cheeks and jaw making it feel like she had taken a bigger bite than she could chew.
She laid on her back on the ottoman still hungry. Her head had tipped over the edge and she was looking out over the room upside down, her hair cascading down to the marble floor.
When A'yan comes back he will make Baseem turn me back to the woman he put this ring on.
Summer raised her hand and looked at the gold and sapphire ring. It gleamed in the sun.
As long as I don't take it off we are engaged and he will marry me. Just one more moon...
A man stepped up and stood astride over her. His naked muscled legs on either side of her head and above her an erect cock and a tight sack. She was too hungry to move. She just laid there and looked up at him. She could only see his crotch from below. Hands reached down and grabbed her head through her thick blond hair and lifted it up. She whined quietly at the unexpected lurch. His other hand guided his cock down to pink ring of flesh that was now her mouth hole. She felt the taut flesh of his engorged head pass through her soft lips. As it made contact with the wet flesh inside her mouth her entire body tingled and her body shook by itself.
She blushed as she found herself opening her mouth for him and moments later his hard cock was pushed inside her. She prodded at it with her tongue and felt the growing tightness in her mouth. She clinched her wet flesh around his warm shaft. She could trace the veins on his cock with her sensitive tongue. Every inch he pushed in was like an electric coil tingling her tongue. The sensations raced down her naked skin. Her pink nipples shot upwards, sensitized tenfold she could feel the air brush against them.
The heat of his body washed over her as he leaned forward and pressed into her throat. She didn't gag. Even when he was pushed all the way in, she could breathe through her nose, albeit very slowly. Like sucking air through a straw. Her head grew dizzy again. She reached up and cupped her large breasts, squeezing her nipples between her fingers.
The man leaned into her. His sack pressed up against her face and flattened out, covering her nose and most of her eyes. She saw nothing but his bobbing scrotum and the blinding sun above it. She didn't care what she saw. Vision had become secondary. She could smell his cock, she could feel it slide in and out of her mouth hole, she could feel her body growing warmer and warmer as it felt like her entire body was blushing. Her pink pus was weeping wet and her breasts ached for attention.
Her throat bulged as every thrust of his large cock went deep. A frothy mixture of old cum and saliva spilled over as he was drilling her and it ran down her face. She got some in her eye, she closed it. Summer didn't care, she was too busy having her hunger sated.
Minutes later he exploded with loud, powerful grunts his hand slamming the ottoman she was lying on. His cum slid straight down into her stomach, filling the void, bringing warmth to the cold.
He pulled out and left her there, she was panting as her breath was short. Her mouth hole wouldn't quite shut close, it was distended after the harsh fucking. A frothy mixture of saliva and cum covered her face.
But she didn't get to catch her breath for seconds later a young muscular man stood above her.
Summer wrapped her hands around his thick muscled thighs, waiting for him to go on. 
"What a mess you are."
He reached down not to caress her smooth breasts, but to use then as handles as he shoved into her.
What a mess I am...

* * *






The midday sun swept into the room, missing all of her sleeping body but a single foot. She stirred and turned on the soft couch. A good sized meal had made her sleepy. 
"Ah there you are." The large hand gently placed itself at Summer's back, nudging her up to sitting. Freshly awake, she blinked in confusion and rubbed the gravel out of her eyes. "Walk with me child." Baseem said.
Summer sat up and looked on him with large eyes. She was naked and drew a pillow up into her lap, wanting something, anything between her and the genie that brought her here.
"I'm sorry that I haven't had enough time for you child. There are many oaths with many people I am bound to uphold. But now today, I have time to attend to you. How are you? Are you well fed?"
Summer blinked and stared up at him. Didn't he get that she couldn't exactly have a conversation any more? It was him after all that twisted her mouth and turned it into what it had become.
"I certainly hope you're not starving." He said with a more serious tone.
She fervently shook her head no.
"Ah, excellent. Walk with me." He said and pushed her naked body off the couch with her giant hand. She followed him with with slow steps.
"So what about your location problem? Your back side can now rest easy I hope?" Baseem smiled.
Many times men had tried to stick it in there but then just slid down a notch instead. Or even better stuck it in her mouth instead. She could still feel nothing but fear for the genie next to her. She nodded a yes to him.
He smiled and patted her head. "Very good." She flinched away from him.
"I must be up front with you." He said and stopped in front of a mirror. "I've heard some disturbing words about your behavior from my guards." Baseem said.
Uh-oh. 
Her brow furled as she looked up at him. She realized that something was going to happen and started shaking her head and backed away from him. 
Baseem snapped his fingers and she squealed as she was lifted off the ground, floated to him and set back down again at his side. He continued talking as if nothing had happened.
"As you know one of the main features of the new mouth hole I gave you was that you could take men as deep as they wanted. Men like that, they like seeing their whole member disappear into a receiving female."
Summer tried to back away again but this time Baseem's massive hand reached down to her back and nudged her forward with him as he kept walking.
"I've heard that you are pushing the men away as of late, to keep them from going as deep as they want." He said with a smile.
It hurts my face. When they are rough and really lean into it. I'm going to get bruises if they go on like that.
 Summer shook her head and stared up with her wide eyes to Baseem.
"As the steward of our oaths I am bound to make sure that men have a reason to use your mouth over your other hole. So from now on I am going to allow them to go as deep as they wish in your mouth." Baseem told her.
No, no please. No more. I'm done, I've accepted everything you've done to me. When will I be able to go home?
Her eyebrows closed and her eyes started welling up. She shook her head again, not knowing what he was going to do but she already knew that she wasn't going to like it.
He twirled his mustache between his fingers and suddenly lit up. "Actually. We can satisfy both your second and third wish at once. Most excellent." Baseem's large hand hurried to Summer's svelte back and turned her to a crowd in the room they had just stepped into.
A group of a dozen guests sat there, mostly men and a few female entertainers from the palace "Ladies and gentlemen if I could have your attention for a moment please."
They all turned around to Baseem and Summer. She was naked and tried to cover herself up. Her arms brushed into her huge breasts. Too large to cover with one arm she brushed them together as much as she shielded them.
"This is Prince A'yan's Talatha'shar." Baseem said and the crowd grew silent quickly. "Please feast your eyes on this classic beauty. The poor girl has a debilitating condition making her only to sustain her life on the seed of men. You might have seen her prowling around the gardens and the guest wing. Maybe some of you have had the privilege of feeding her. If you haven't already you will get the chance soon.
"I have also helped her. I have opened my home to her, if you will an entire buffet of young men as yourself. I just couldn't live with myself if I left her to starve." The crowd chuckled. 
Summer drew her shoulders up and wished she could disappear. She tested Baseem's large hand behind her by leaning backwards. He immediately pushed back and pressed his stern fingers into her back. She wasn't going anywhere.
"I have also given her the smoothest possible mouth to help her in her plight such that she might please any man she approaches and I have also given her these most feminine of curves in to draw the bees to the nectar." Baseem's finger first lifted one of Summer's arm and then traced the outline of Summer's large breasts down to her svelte waist and then out to her swelling hips.
A guy in the crowd whistled and Summer could feel their lusting eyes on her naked flesh. 
Baseem then turned Summer to the side. "As you can see, not only does her curves and her trained posture gives her a beautiful hourglass look from the front. But it gives her a lovely S-shape from the side." Baseem traced his hand from Summer's shoulder, down to the sway of her small back and then out again to her large rounded buttocks.
"Now clearly, the girl is very near perfection. There isn't much to do regarding the her curves..." Baseem began and took up a red silk sheet and draped it over Summer from the shoulders and down as he turned her yet again to face the crowd. "...other than to underline them."
With a quick jerk he tore the sheet away from her body and the audience gasped. One man stood immediately and Summer could see them staring slack jawed at her body. She watched them watch her for several seconds before she looked down at what was so spectacular.
She gazed down to her chest. Her breasts were unchanged, jiggling and swaying as always. She looked down on her waist and hips, they also looked like before. Her feet looked as well. 
Then it struck her.
A knot in her stomach so heavy it felt like a cold, choking lump of steel.
Panicked she looked down on her shoulders. Her eyes widened and her body started shivering as she saw what Baseem had done. Where her shoulders ended only emptiness followed.
Her arms were gone.
She tried moving them, but nothing happened. The shoulders barely moved an inch. The arms were gone. 
Tears flowed down her cheeks. Summer was shaking, her mind barely processing what had happened to her.
Then on the floor, she saw it. Her engagement ring. The gold ring with a set sapphire that he gave to her. 
No!
She cried out in her mind, forgetting her other worries. She wasn't allowed to take it off, ever! 
"Oh, look at this. The girl can not wear her engagement ring any longer." Baseem leaned down and picked up the ring. 
No! I need that! 
Herfeet stomped in desperation, trying to grab it from his hand with her mouth.
Brushing her aside he held the ring his fingers and addressed the crowd. "That can't seem fair now can it? That she is going to lose her husband after becoming so beautiful."
The crowd cheered a resounding no.
Summer froze and looked at the scene in front of her.
"But the engagement is not off because she did not take it off, I did. That doesn't count. But she still needs to wear it, the only question is - where? Being all armless it seems our girl here has quite the conundrum on her hands." The crowd chuckled and laughed at the joke. The female servants covered their giggling mouths while looking at Summer. She blushed deeply but had nowhere to hide her face. She turned her face down to the floor.
"Put it on her toe!" one man cheered. "Hang it from her nose, that's how we do it back home." Another man boomed. A dozen suggestions rolled through the air and after a while Baseem's held up hand silenced them all. Then without a word he took the ring between his fingers and blew on it. The metal started to reshape itself. The sapphire that was set on the outside of the ring drifted through the metal and after a few seconds it was set in the middle of the band, the blue round gem sticking out equally on the outside and the inside of the ring.
Baseem flicked the ring down to the ground where it bounced and with incredible speed shot up between Summer's legs.
"Ng!" she grunted, her thighs shutting close and her eyes wide with the painful surprise. Laughter and giggling ensued from the crowd yet again.
After a few seconds Summer slowly and with great trepidation parted her legs again and looked down. But her huge breasts were in the way. She turned around and looked straight into a mirror and saw herself. Her gaze drifted and barely registered what the mirror showed her.
Sometime ago she had been a shy girl with a flat chest, a boyish face and small hips.
The unblemished doll faced blond looking back in the mirror had an armless chest with pendulous breasts that naturally brushed up against each. Her petite svelte waist swelled out to hips large and unwieldy. Her parted lips and permanently painted eyes made her look both horny and playful at the same time. And between her legs a hairless pussy rested, it's outer lips almost completely receded and her thin inner labia pouted out, creased and shimmering in her moisture for as her parted lips on her face was made show any onlooker her willingness so too were the lips between her legs.
Then she finally saw it. Her engagement ring. It sat in the fleshy clit on top of her pussy, glimmering of blue and gold. She stared at it, her heart pounding in her chest. It was not only pierced through her hood, it ran deeper than that. It ran through the actual clit underneath it. Her heart raced as she moved her hips and felt the metal shift minutely inside her clitoris. Blood rushed down between her legs in response.
Baseem chuckled and left the room. "She's all yours gentlemen." He said as he walked up the stairs, hands folded behind his back and a smile on his face.
In the mirror Summer could see a man coming up behind her, his face appearing over her shoulder smelling her hair. A hand appeared on her hip, another on her breast.
Oh God...
The hair in the back of her neck stood up.
A third hand reached in between her legs and trailed up her thigh. 
The women behind started to lean back lazily in their couches. Some kissed, others reached down into their pants and started to caress themselves. "Fuck her like a dog!" one of them called out. Giggling echoed in the room.
Tears streamed down Summer's face as she was pushed down to the floor and the first cock appeared in front of her face. She wanted to push him away from her. He grabbed her head sternly she tried to reach up to grab him, to wriggle out of her grip. But she had no arms. The growing cock got closer and closer to her mouth. She tried to press her jaw shut, but it was always open. She tried to twist her head away but how could her neck be stronger than two man arms?
The cock slammed deep into her and Summer's tear streaked eyes widened, feeling her throat being filled and stretched.
"Wet and willing!" The guys above her noted her.
Hand's reached down and fondled her body. Her swaying breasts, her svelte waist, her swelling hips and her ample ass. They pinched her nipples and slapped her butt. "Slap it harder!" one of the girls encouraged and harder they slapped. Summer jerked as she felt the impact slam down on her reddening flesh as she was being fucked in the throat by the man in front of her.
With one hand on top of her head and the other under her chin, he had total control of her height and angle as he was pushing in and out of her mouth hole. 
"By God this one is so smooth." He grunted above her as he picked up speed. Her tongue twitched involuntarily around his thick shaft and massaged it. The back of her throat pressed around crown of it's head. His fingers dug into her scalp as he tensed and grunted. His thick semen shot into her throat and slowly started to trickle down into her belly. Summer felt the warmth spread inside her. She cried as her body yearned for more.
He pulled out of her and literally no more than two shallow breaths later Summer's mouth hole was stuffed with a new cock. This one longer and thinner.
"Look at her wet dirty cunt." The women said from the couches in the back. "Fuck it! Fuck her dirty wet cunt! I want to hear her squeal." The loudest of them called out.
Summer trembled as she felt hands grab her hips and raise her up to her knees. A cock quickly found it's way into her pink cleft.
"Is she wet?" someone asked.
"She's gushing over." The man behind her laughed and slapped her rump. His cock started fucking her pussy. Any squeals Summer might've let out were silenced as her throat was blocked by the cock inside it.
Being taken from both behind and up front, her body shook and jerked every time they thrust into her. Her large tits swayed underneath her armless torso and her engagement ring, still worn, dangled from the meat of her clit. Twisting and turning, it was teasing in more and more blood into her already wet pussy and before she knew it her legs started twitching and spasming. Her engorged clit drew back into her flesh, pulling on her ring as a most unwanted orgasm tore through her aching body.


* * *


"Jake... Jacob, Jeremy, Jonas... No, not those..." Summer tried to remember, her boyfriend's name. His face, his job. Her job, her mother's job, her brother's job. Did she have a brother?
Her face reeked of cock. Pouting lips drooled with saliva and cum, it dripped down her chin and on to her huge breasts. She couldn't wipe herself. She swallowed all she could. But when she was on her stomach it drooled out of her unclosable mouth. The result was the mess that was now her body.
A fleeting image of a house sometimes passed by her mind, but it never lingered. She still only saw A'yan when she thought of her boyfriend.
Proud and loving A'yan. Kind and gentle. I wonder what he would do if he saw me like this? He would be furious. Ordering Baseem to revert all that he has done to me. After all, I'm not the girl he agreed to marry. I'm something else...
Her mouth was distended from all the cocks that she had this morning, it was harder than usual to close it. A new man came up to her where she was sitting on the floor. He didn't say hi, he didn't introduce himself or talk to her, he didn't even look at her. He simply pulled down his pants, grabbed her around the head and stuck it in her.
With reddening cheeks, she began bobbing her head over his dick. Her tongue masterfully pressing and massaging his dick inside his mouth and she could feel him swell. It didn't take long until she could taste his pre cum. Then all of a sudden he pulled out.
With a surprised whimper she looked up at him. Leaning forward she tried to take his dick in her mouth again but he put his hand on her forehead. With the other hand he jerked his dick until he finished, he blew his load on her forehead, over her nose and in the eyebrow. She flinched as she felt the warm sticky cum on her face.
Fuck. You. 
She glared up at him. He didn't even look at her, he simply pulled his dick into his pants and walked away.
Baseem had said that any proper lady should be able to be escorted by a man, now that she couldn't wrap her hand around a man's arm she needed some other way to be walked by men. So he fashioned a leather collar for her and took her golden necklace, the one that read Talatha'shar that A'yan gave her, and seared the golden letter to the front of it and locked it around her neck.
Then he attached a leash to it.
Today, one of the guests had tied her to a sofa and she was sitting on the rug besides it. The guest left but didn't bother to untie her, so she had been stuck there since breakfast. Her legs were aching, her back was hurting.
I won't ache ever again if I get home. I just need to remember something. Anything.
"Hello... girl?" A man said, bending down to read the name of her collar. 
"Would you like to go out into the sun?" he said and pulled on her leash. She looked up at him. He was tall and blond. He was speaking English, not that other language they spoke around here. He had a red T-shirt that read Mark.
An American?
Her heart skipped a beat. 
If only I could talk to him. You need to leave, you need to leave now. As long as you remember home, go home! 
Her distended mouth Oo'd and Aa'd at him.
"I can't understand you silly. Come on, I heard you were hungry. I got some friends that need to see you." Mark said and took her leash. On unsteady legs, she got up and followed him.
They walked out of the inner chambers to the balconies and then down into the sun lit gardens. A group of three other guys and one woman stood down there, all still dressed in jeans and T-shirts. They looked so out of place to Summer.
"Hey! Look what I found!" He hollered and put on his sun glasses.
The group turned and looked at him and Summer. She didn't really see them, she had to look at the each step and carefully walk down the stairs. If she fell she couldn't shield herself.
The others looked at Summer and gaped. "No way!" one of them finally exclaimed. Especially the girl gaped widely and was speechless.
"She has no arms!" One of them said.
"No shit captain obvious." A second one said.
"That's not the freakiest part. Look at this." Mark said and used his fingers to part Summer's lips, showing her fleshy tunnel to the others.
"What the..." The third guy said.
Summer jerked her head to the side shifting away from his fingers.
"She's here on her own free will, like we are right?" the girl asked.
"Well, I'll put it this way..." Mark said and put his fingers between her pussy lips. Summer closed her eyes and moaned at the sudden touch. She had been sucking on cocks for half a day but not a person had touched her down there. She was aching for release. Goosebumps erupted over her breasts and belly. Mark held up the glistening fingers in the sun. "...she's not complaining." The guys laughed and cheered.
Their hands on her body made her feel more helpless than when she was chained up on the balcony. Her disarmed body could no longer keep her hand between herself and a man. She couldn't shield her privates from the hungry eyes of passersby and she couldn't hold on to a man and set the pace when he fucked her. Her feminine curves, the ones that Baseem gave her, the ones that she wished for was always on display and nothing could ever distract from or get in the way of them again.
"Who wants to go first."
"You guys put her on her back here. This poor girl needs a woman's touch." She said.
"Oooh... Lucy like?" Mark teased.
"Ok, come here girl." A guy said and Summer jumped and Squealed as he slapped her butt.
She couldn't do much other than follow and laid her down on her back. He put a large and&nbsp; hard pillow underneath her shoulders. It was just short enough for her head to not have any support so it hung upside down at the edge of the pillow. Summer knew full and well what was about to happen.
But before that something unexpected occurred. She felt a pair of small soft hands on her thighs. A pair of lips kissed the inside of her thigh. "You poor thing, you're all weepy. Let me clean that up for you." Lucy said and suddenly stuck her tongue between Summer's pink lips.
Wide-eyed she inhaled deeply. Sensations of pleasure streamed from her snatch all over her hips, her legs, her belly. Her nipples stood attention right away.
I can't remember the last time someone gave me tongue... 
Summer closed her eyes.
The image of a ceiling flashed before her eyes. It had a lamp painted in blue hanging from it.
"Look at this cute ring." Lucy said and drew her finger over it. It pulled on Summer's clit and she almost sat up straight on the ground from the intense, overwhelming sensations.
"Oh... haha." Lucy laughed. "You like that?"
Y-Y-yes...
Summer felt her mind swim.
The ceiling flashed before her eyes again. She remembered, a kiss on the inside of her leg. A tongue delving deep into her folds, stubbles on her skin.
My bedroom! 
She finally realized and now sat up completely. Two hands grabbed her armless shoulders and pushed her back down again. A cock was placed between her lips and as by reflex she opened up her throat and let her lips hug and embrace his head, urging him to push in.
"Oh look at that. Bitch wants to be fucked." He exclaimed.
"She wants to be throat fucked. Get in there bro. Do it!" Mark cheered.
He pushed forward slowly, sliding all the way. She could hear him gasp in surprise as her smooth and straight throat engulfed his cock.
When she thought the tongue in her pussy couldn't get any better, the sensations of a cock sliding deep into her mouth hole sensitized her entire body one step further. Her legs twitched and her feet dug into the grass beneath her, her toes grabbing it with all her might as Lucy gently wrapped her lips around Summer's ringed clit and sucked on it as her throat was being slow-fucked by the guy above her.
The orgasm coursed through her every muscle and she even tried to scream but any cries of pleasure turned into her throat squeezing the cock inside it.
"She's coming." The guy above her panted.
"No shit captain obvious." Lucy noted, she's twitching like mad.
"Well it's her..." he panted. "Her mouth, it's like hugging me. And it's spassing out on me. Oh God!" his fingers slammed down and grabbed her naked flesh. Her massive tits was the first thing he caught and he squeezed them as he started coming inside her throat.
Pulling out of Summer's mouth hole, the captain's softening dick still twitched and jerked and suddenly Summer's panting could be heard.
"I was just about to ask if she likes living like this but I think I just got my answer" Lucy beamed from between Summer's legs.
"In my book if you're sopping wet horny and coming in less than a minute, you're enjoying yourself no matter what. My turn now." Mark said and sat down above her. He looked down. 
"You ready?" he asked and cupped his hand as support under her head. She nodded up at him. "Ok..." he said softly and put his dick between her lips and started pushing.
You ready?
The words echoed in her head. It was what he said the first time they made love. It was in that very bed room. It used to be his, before they moved.
You ready?
She heard him again.
"Man, her pussy is so pink. Look at that." Lucy said.
"Her nipples are pink too." The captain said.
"No shit" the guy behind him laughed.
"Let me see." He said and hunched down in front of Summer's pussy.
"Oh, that is one pretty pussy."
"It even tastes sweet." Lucy chimed.
"Really?"
She reached forward and stole a kiss from him. Surprised, he didn't know if he was to push her away or embrace her and kiss deeper. Before he could make up his mind she broke the kiss off. "Sweet, right?"
"Tastes like... cunt." He laughed.
"Get out of here." She shoved his shoulder. "It tastes sweet. And yeah, it sure is a pretty one." She said and drew her fingers over Summer's pussy. "Her outer lips are so small so you see everything." The captain said.
"A porn pussy in other words." Lucy said.
"Hey, some girls are like that naturally."
"Yea, and some guys have an eight inch dick naturally too. If it's not mother nature or the photographer, it's the surgeon boys." Lucy said.
You ready?
The words echoed in Summer's mind again. 
Go on, I'm ready. 
She had replied and he pushed into her. It hurt a little bit.
"God she's so smooth, It's totally unreal like." Mark exclaimed as he picked up speed and started thrusting deeper.
"Yea, I know. It's like a pussy on it's own."The captain said.
"Man, fuck pussies. This is better." The third guy noted.
"You only say that because you're fucking someone's face Mr S'n'M. You like that don't you."
"It's a got a certain, humiliating quality." He admitted.
"And you like it."
"And I like it. So do you." He countered and pointed at the bulge in his pants.
Mark came loudly, thick cum splashed inside Summer's mouth and throat as his cock jerked and shot its load. He bobbed back and forth slowly, caressing his sensitive dick on the insides of her mouth as it was growing limp. Finally he pulled it out, ever so carefully and his hand's reached down and caressed her cheek. "Thank you." He said.
You're welcome. She thought.
You're welcome...
A man towered above her, a loving man, a lover. It was the first time she gave him head. He was shy and came almost instantly. She swallowed it and he thanked her for it. She said you're welcome.
Lucy leaned up on Summer's body and caressed her breasts. Her mouth closed over one of her nipples and she began playfully sucking and nibbling at it.
A pair of man's hands grabbed her legs and pushed them apart. She tensed when she realized what was about to happen and suddenly a cock pushed its way to the hilt into her sopping wet pussy.
"Double action bro." The captain said as he sat down over Summer's face and pushed his dick into her without any warning. She mewled her complaints for a brief moment until the dick silenced her mouth. She would've liked to catch her breath.
They fucked her from both sides as Lucy was tending to her sensitive breasts. Catch her breath or not, Summer came again quickly as her ringed clit brushed against the man's pelvis. Her body spasmed hard against the two cocks inside her. Her armless torso arched its back, her legs tensed and her feet grated against the ground underneath. 
"Again? She came again?"
Are you ready?
Thank you...
You're welcome.

* * *


She was unsure who this Talatha'shar was that everyone talked about. Sure, she knew that it was her name, or a name. A'yan gave her the necklace, the jewelry is on her collar and people called her Talatha'shar. She didn't mind the name. 
The way people talked about Talatha'shar though was more than just a name, it was a person. It was a hungry girl that craved cock her every waking moment, she craved it in her mouth, she wanted to suck on it and wanted nothing else. She wanted the cum in her belly and occasionally she wanted a good drilling in her pussy, or her painted cunt as she heard the men refer to it. If she didn't get that, she would shameless hump, grind and rub herself against anything at crotch height.
She was beautiful and lustful, arousing men and women alike. When she didn't have a cock in her mouth, she was conspiring to get one. When she wasn't coming, she was wet, horny and happy about it. Summer didn't recognized her.
She only wanted to go home. She wanted home to her boyfriend and to their house. She wanted to say how sorry she was too him for leaving without saying a word and she wanted to be held in his arms again. She knew he would take care of her, she knew he would find a way. Summer had to eat when she was hungry, she couldn't change that.
She did not rub and grind the furniture.
"Here you go Talatha'shar." The man said placing his head on her parted lips. She leaned forward and took it in her mouth. He laughed above her. "Such an eager slut." He said to his friends, they agreed and leered at her.
Summer wasn't an eager slut. She did what she had to in order to survive. The man got impatient with her apparently too slow blow job. He grabbed her head and started thrusting. His hips pushed into her face, pounding her cheeks and her nose got pushed into his belly over and over again.
She would've whimpered or complained if her throat weren't stuffed with dick. Finally he slammed her head to his hips and held her there as he was coming in her.
Barely able to breathe, her nose only let the minutest amounts of air into her lungs when she was filled up and most of her nose was blocked by his abdomen. She couldn't even punch his legs, or try to push away in her disarmed state. Tears started forming in her eyes as her legs twitched. But she was going nowhere until he was done.
At last he let her go and she exploded backward, his long cock sliding out of her as she fell back to the floor panting. She glared up at the man above her and his friends.
"Look at how fucking wet she is." He said and pointed between her legs. 
"Go on boys, have a bit of fun. I'll be in the gardens." He smacked one guy over the shoulder and left.
Another man lay down over her. Almost within a second his body was pressing against hers. His hard chest against her soft breasts, his hands on either side of her face. She looked up at him, in the eyes. He had a shaved head and a scarred face. Not a beautiful man, but he reeked of power and masculinity. 
Like time slowed down he leaned forward and smelled her. Her hair, her neck, her breasts. "Are you as much of a slut as the lieutenant says? Nod if you want to be pussy fucked."
God... 
Summer's mind raced with all the possible outcomes. Was he tricking her? Was he taunting her?
His hand reached down and touched her, just the slightest touch on her engorged folds and she shuddered under his warm body.
"Don't you want this?" he asked her. It felt like she hadn't come in a day. People had only used her mouth, she couldn't masturbate. She couldn't get off on her own.
With crimson cheeks she nodded.
With his face completely at rest, he pushed inside her. She mewled loudly as her pussy embraced and welcomed it's newest guest. The hundredth cock. The thousandth cock. She couldn't know how many there had been. She expected him to thrust and keep thrusting but he just pushed inside and stopped.
"You're going to have to work for it." He grabbed her and rolled over with her. Suddenly she was lying on top of him, cock still in her pussy. Her blond hair cascaded down over her armless shoulders and trailed over her naked chest.
"Go on slut, show me how much you want it. Pump that cunt of yours." He told her and grabbed her tits. She arched away from him and sat up straight.
"Oooo..." she mewled as his massive cock slid a couple of extra inches inside her wet snatch. Her legs found their place on either side of him. She hadn't done this in what felt like years.
Her mouth opened and as she moaned in ecstasy, her ring pulled on the swelling clit as she felt the his hard cock shift inside. She started to ride it, pulling her rounded hips up and down over his hard shaft. She felt it swell and slide at the mouth of her pussy, the sensitive flesh was being pulled taught. How she wished someone, something would touch her clit. She always did when she rode, but now her armless body could only slide up and down the cock and wish for a helping hand.
But no hand was forthcoming. She felt him swell and pulsate inside her as he clenched his large hands around her the flesh of her breasts.
Summer tipped over with a muffled squeal as he sat up and put his hand on her chest. With all his might he slammed in into her two more times, grunting as he did so. Summer turned her head to the side and felt him pound into her opened hips.
"I'll be back tomorrow. Be ready for me." He said and wiped the sweat of his lip before sliding out from her and standing up.
Summer breathed heavily and looked up at him, not moving a muscle. She didn't try to say anything, she didn't even move. She only wished she had come from it.
What's the point of being pussy fucked if I don't get to come? Could've just as well use fucked my mouth...
The next man in line laid down on top of her. A younger man with long black hair. He didn't say anything, he simply drew his hand over her face and looked at her. She met his eyes, unsure what he would do to her.
Unlike the man before him, this boy was beautiful. Not entirely unlike A'yan, youthful, but without her prince's regal presence.
He grabbed her shoulder and easily flipped her to her stomach, her massive breasts pressed against her chest as she couldn't lean on her arms. It was not very uncomfortable and Summer looked behind her to see what he was doing. Hey drew her hair over her shoulder and away from her back. He kissed her between the shoulders.
Oh? 
His gentle manner surprised her.
Then he touched her shoulder's where her arms would've been. The sensitive patches of skin made her entire body shiver and shoot goosebumps. Her muscles literally shuddered from it.
He drew his fingers over her shoulders and traced her body all the way down to her waist. It was one smooth line now. She was an hour glass shaped mannequin. A living walking lusting hungering insatiable mannequin. His hands swelled out over her hips and grabbed her ass, slowly and firmly he pulled her cheeks apart. Then his cock pushed into her wet cleft.
G-G-gooooo-od!!... 
Summer hollered and panted like a siren. She came as he entered her, her breasts pressed against the thick rug underneath her and her hips grinding her smooth and ringed cunt on it as well. It was the most exquisite mixture of pain and pleasure she had ever felt; her nerves overwhelmed and her legs smashed into the floor, her toes curled, her back arched, her throat moaned loudly. The only sound she could still do. He came thereafter and left her lying. Her wetness and the cum of half a dozen men slithering out of her pussy. The blend of saliva and more cum drying on her face. The leaves rustled, the sun came out from behind the clouds and warmed her tired body as Summer fell asleep.


* * *


I will see you in Two Moons.
His words echoed in her mind. She kept track in a book in her room until day 41 but after Baseem decided to expose her beauty by removing her arms she hadn't even been back there. She had been sleeping on couches, in unused rooms or in the beds of the Eternal Garden's guests.
There had been more than 19 days since he disarmed her. She knew it.
But the moon is still waxing. It's always waxing.
Her toes curled against the cool marble as she stared at the moon.
Then Baseem stepped into the room. "Ah there you are." 
Summer immediately looked up at him and took half a step back. "You've been a busy beaver as your people would say. Mmh?" He smiled widely.
What do you want?
Summer backed up and pulled her shoulders up, her legs pressed together.
"I've been thinking." He began. Summer immediately tried to shrink away. He waves his hand and she was shoved towards him. She landed a mere meter in front of the giant.
"Your third wish, you said you would prefer men to use your mouth over your other holes. I think we still have some work to do there." Summer followed his words with great trepidation. She whimpered under her breath.
"I think men have been, let's say, pollinating your flower a little bit too much. It's been distracting them from feeding you properly." Baseem smiled.
Summer froze and stared at the genie with unblinking eyes.
"I've been thinking about it and I think the only solution is to remove it." He said as he pulled up a blue silk cloth and held it over her crotch. As Summer processed the words her eyes widened and she pulled back, but it was too late. With a flick of his wrist Baseem pulled the cloth away from her now completely smooth groin. Not a groove or a slid nor a fold or a lip. Just one smooth bump between her legs.
Summer's legs started shaking. She felt it, she felt that it was gone. She couldn't see it but it didn't matter, it was a numb void down there.
Tears welled up in her eyes and her legs grew limp, she fell down to her knees.
"No! No... Please please!" she tried. "Ooo'nf Oo-Oh."
"You don't like it?" Baseem asked. Summer inched closer on her knees. She would've hugged his leg, kissed his feet, done anything. She shook her head vigorously.
"But you asked for this. I'm confused, was this not what you wanted?"
She shook her head again, even harder.
"Oh I see." Baseem said and scratched his chin. "But I am bound by your Eternal Wish, I have to enforce it you see." He smiled again.
Summer shook her head, tears rolling down her cheeks. She couldn't live like this.
"Don't cry, it makes you unattractive Talatha'shar. You wouldn't want to be ugly for your husband." Baseem asked.
You don't want me to be cunt-less for him either! Put it back!
Suddenly, Baseem snapped his fingers and brightened up. "I've had an idea."
Shivering and shaking, Summer looked up on him.
"What if I could give you your flower back while still upholding your last eternal wish?"
Summer wondered if he was toying with her. She didn't know what to think. She just looked at him.
"Well? Would you like it back?"
Slowly she nodded.
"Very well then." Baseem said and fastened the silk cloth on Summer's face, just below her eyes. "There we go. Everyone happy." Baseem laughed and walked away.
It took Summer a few moments to understand.
Her eyes widened.
What...
She tried to reach up and touch her face but she had no hands.
Scrambling up on her legs she looked around for the nearest mirror. She scurried on naked feet away from the balcony and into the palace. The corridor was empty, she hurried down it and ducked in through the first open door.
It was one of the palace's many guest rooms, mirrors were sure to be abound. She saw one immediately and hurried to it she stumbled on the carpet, almost falling to the ground getting there. Closing in on the mirror she could see her own image in it. Completely naked except for the leather collar and the blue silk veil over her mouth. She took a deep breath, the sensation was disconcerting. Her chest rose but she felt no air move.
She shook her head and scratched against the side of the cupboard until the veil fell off. Standing up straight she looked into the mirror.
She saw her engagement ring.
Summer stood still and felt her heart thump in her chest. The blood coursed through her skin, her muscles. Every fiber of her being pulsated with the increasing rhythm of her pounding chest.
Her mouth was gone and so was her nose. Starting an inch from her chin and ending between her eyes lay her pussy. Still painted faintly pink, her outer lips still receded and her inner lips jutting out.
Instead of her nose, her meaty clit swelled out from her face and from it hung the gold and sapphire engagement ring A'yan put on her finger. The one she must never take off or they were no longer engaged. The one that dropped to the ground when Baseem disarmed her and that he then put back on her clit.
Around her pussy were it met her face there was a thickening of the skin with that smooth leather like quality that a newly shaved pus had. Her now thin inner lips stood out half an inch from her face, they curved and weaved slightly never going in a straight line.
Tears rolled down her cheeks. She couldn't sob nor whimper. Not a sound came from her as she stared into the mirrors looking at the ruin of her mouth. Time passed, servant's passed to and fro in the corridor outside, breakfast, lunch and dinner came and went and the palace's harem boiled over with heat and lust.
Summer still stood there staring into the mirror, until someone inside the room spoke.
"Hello." a deep voice behind her asked.
She turned and looked at him.
A man, muscles swelling, his chest built like a hundred year old oak. "Who are you? Are you from the palace? What's your name?" He tried.
Summer would've cried, but all her tears were used up. She couldn't speak to him, she couldn't even hum or moan. She could only stare at him through the mirror and furl her brow in fear.
He walked up to her and asked her "What are you doing in my r..." he cut himself off when he saw her face.
She immediately turned away in breathless shame.
"Let me look at you." He said and his large hand grabbed her chin, turning her face back. He was firm but gentle.
"Did the palace send you here as a welcoming gift? Are you mine?" he asked her.
She shook her head no.
"Well." He smiled. "That's a pity. But you since you entered my room without permission, you are mine. At least for the evening." He said, his voice so deep that she could feel it in the soles of her feet.
Summer surrendered. There was nothing she could do. Nowhere she could go. No one she could seek refuge at. She lowered her head. 
"That's a good girl." His fingers caressed her cheek. "Down." Even when he hushed his voice, it still penetrated her entire body.
With shaking legs, she sat down on the rug.
He reached down and brushed the hair from her face. It brushed against the ring and she shuddered, her entire body felt electrified. She would've squealed.
His finger reached down and stroked her big clit.
Summer flinched away at his touch. It was so delicate, it felt even more sensitive than ever.
His hand caught up with her and wrapped itself around her face. He wasn't a man that was used to be denied. His thumb reached up and stroked her clit again. "Look at me." He ordered her with a stern voice.
Summer's large and trembling eyes looked up at the giant towering above her. "Good girl." He said softly as his thumb gently brushed over her exposed and ringed clit.
She felt her stomach tighten. It wasn't what she expected. Moments later, her stomach churned. Summer shivered, unable to come to terms with her feelings. Her mind was overwhelmed by her new body.
His finger stroked the girl and her pussy filled with blood, her clit grew thick and her lips bloomed and spread across her cheeks as her pink flesh wept with her arousal.
Meanwhile Summer's stomach tightened, it churned and hungered. First she was peckish now she started to feel real hunger.
The man undid a knot and tossed his loincloth to the floor and revealed a massive member longer than most erections when it was drooping between his legs. Summer looked at it and got even hungrier. A drop of wetness ran down her chin. She blushed deeply. Her shame ordered her to turn away, to leave, to beg forgiveness for the way she was. But she was ordered to look at him.
His hand reached down and stroked his dick and surely it was finding it's firm shape. Soon all her eyes could see was the naked head of his cock and how it was reaching ever upwards to her face and her pussy.
He put his hand on her head and guided his huge cock towards her.
"Are you ready?" he asked her as his head pushed her inner lips aside nudging just an inch inside her.
Are you ready?
The voice echoed in her head. The ceiling of that room, the blue lamp, the bird's singing outside. 
Are you ready?
His cock split her lips gently.
Jared!
She remembered.
Darting up from the floor the man released his grip in sheer surprise of what she was doing. He wasn't used to his slaves defying him.
She ran out through the room and into the corridor.
I need to go home! I can go home!
Summer raced to the nearest balcony, hoping it had access to the gardens.

* * *


The gravel crunching under her naked feet was the only sound that could be heard. She was running through the gardens as fast as she could. Her feet ached and hurt but she didn't care. The moon was the only source of light, the lamps in the garden had been put out for the night. Summer could see the jungle looming up above the fence. Dark spears shooting up in the night sky.
She ran to the gate, where she remembered that it was.
I'm coming home Jared...
When she got close to it she slowed down and finally stopped. It was closed.
Baseem ordered it closed.
Her heart skipped a beat, she had forgotten. 
I'm so stupid.
She walked up to gate and leaned into it, trying to push it open. It wouldn't budge. She blinked her eyes and tried to see through the darkness. The gate was bolted by a large rod. It looked really heavy.
Summer didn't care. She walked up to it and hooked into it with what was left of her shoulder, leaning into it, pushing with all her might. It wouldn't budge. She slipped and fell down into the dirt. With no hands to break the fall she landed with a heavy thud. She moaned in her head.
Getting up on her feet was a slow process but eventually she got there.
Summer walked back up to the rod. 
It should've moved
She was sure it would've.
Looking at it she saw the halter. The notched rod connected to the halter. It needed to move to release the rod.
Ok, I can do that.
Summer walked up to it and hooked into it with her other shoulder, the first one still ached and pushed. Almost immediately it moved. Summer heart fluttered. She felt it unlock.
"Now just to push that rod." She said and walked over to it.
Behind her she heard the halter snap shut again.
She stopped and turned. She saw it now. She need to pull and keep pulling on it to keep it released. Her eyes trailed alongside the rod. 
...and simultaneously push the rod. Easy for anyone to do... with two hands.
Summer stared for awhile on the mechanism that stood between her and her freedom. She slumped down on the ground, tears welling up in her face.
Fuck you, fuck you Baseem. I'm so stupid, so fucking stupid. What am I even doing here? Jared, are you missing me? Are you looking for me? Are you worried?
She laid down and pulled her knees close and let her tears streak down her face in silence.
"Good evening." A voice from behind startled her. She recognized it and sat up quickly.
"What are you doing out here all on your own Talatha'shar?" Baseem wondered, his hands clasped behind his back. "A good thing I ordered that gate closed, the jungle is dangerous." He said and smiled and met her eyes. His eyes let Summer know that he knew.
You said you weren't going to stop me from leaving. 
Summer accused him in her mind tears rolled down her cheeks.
"Now now, let's have none of that." He said and snapped his fingers. She was lifted up to her feet. "You wished to be beautiful Talatha'shar. And how beautiful is a crying girl? No more tears." He said and drew his hand over her face. She immediately her face dried up her eyes unable to cry.
Angry, she scowled at him.
"And no angry faces." He drew his hand in front of her eyes again and her face was forever at rest.
She looked up at him. Summer wanted to be angry. She wanted to be sad. She just stared at him with a vapid look.
Baseem's face closed in on hers. He studied her for a moment and finally said, "Perfect."
He waved his hand and her golden metal link leash appeared from his robes and shot through the air, latching on to her collar. Blue silk cloth flew out from behind him and twirled around her body. It was the same outfit she had always worn since she got to the palace. Thin silk harem pants, top and now also a silk veil covering her face below the eyes.
"Come on Talatha'shar. It's morning soon and there are many new guests that are eager to meet you." He said and tugged on the leash. The two of them wandered back to the palace.
Jared, if you can hear this. Don't look for me...


* * *


You were brought here against your will. They fooled you. A voice whispered to the girl.
She blinked and looked around her. The girl didn't quite know who she was. A deep gnawing feeling made her think that there was more to life than, but she seldom complained. But the voice inside her lingered in the back of her head itching at her consciousness.
The girl sat on the mat looking at the men around her. It was a normal morning. The sun rose minutes ago and the masters had come out of their rooms for the servants to bring them something to break their fast on. She had awoken with the sun as it washed over her half naked body, she had slept curled up on an ottoman at a balcony.
She was called Talatha'shar. Thirteen. It was what everyone called her and it said so on her collar. If she focused she could read it through a mirror. But sometimes the voice whispered another name inside her.
As the men around her was eating she too wished to break her fast for she had awoken moist and hungry. Drawing her shoulders back she pushed her ample breasts forward hoping to catch the eye of a man or two as they passed by.
She heard steps to her side. She&nbsp; turned and looked up. A man towered high above her. The slit on her face glimmered with moisture as he drew out his stern cock. She tilted her head upward, reading herself for it. Her stomach felt empty and her slit glistened of morning dew. She hungered. His hand reached down and undid the veil that covered her face. She shivered in anticipation as she felt him undress her modesty. 
The cock entered the girl's pussy. Above her he moaned in pleasure. He pushed into her through her tunnel. She could move it if she wished. Right now she wanted him deeper deeper.
"God... she's pulling me in." He moaned.
She pressed her neck upwards, pushing the cock down her throat as deep as possible. She wanted her face to meet his belly. Her head started moving, her entire upper body swayed back and forth, drawing her wetness over his cock again and again. Her hole massaged it, holding on to it, pushed it down, deeper down into her.
The girl was wanton. Part out of lust and part out of hunger. They had become the same for her. When she hungered, the her face weeped and bloomed. When caressing hands woke her lust her stomach churned and hungered in turn.
The cock was pushing in through her pussy, pressed down her sensitive tunnel and down into her empty throat. Her stomach was ravenous. She needed his feed, she needed him to give it to her. She did what she could to take it. Men never resisted her.
Moments later, his fingers grabbed her skull and she relaxed. She had it now. The only thing standing between her and his cum was a handful of thrusts and a few grunts. She sat still and felt the warmth of his cum trickle down her throat and into her belly, filling her up with his precious fluids drop by drop. Bringing his warmth to her cold, bringing his life to her void. He pulled out of her and left, the veil was left on the ground.
"Thank you." She wanted to say. The girl blinked up at the man in silence.
She thought that was good fun. The voice whispered in her head, half heard, half imagined. Like a conversation remembered from long ago. 
You're being used, an object to masturbate in by horny men. You're nothing but a toy to them.
"I was hungry." The girl thought.
They made you that way.
She just wished her head would be quiet as the sun warmed up her skin. Men eyed her exposed face as they passed by. The girl was half ready for one of them grabbing her and fucking her at any time.
"Maybe I should go play with one? I'm still wet and hungry." She thought.
Her eyes trailed over to a young man leaning against the wall. He had been looking at her but looked away as her eyes met his.
"Maybe he can play with me?" she thought. "Look at his cock, it's already hardening by the sight of me."
The girl looked down and saw the bulging print on his pants trailing down his right leg.
You need to go home. You can't stay here. You have to remember home!
"We tried going home didn't we?" The girl wondered.
Yes. We tried. But they don't want us to.
"If we can't should we even try? We can get in trouble with the masters." The girl thought.
No one is your master. No one. You are engaged to a prince. Prince A'yan.
The girl blinked and gazed out in front of her.
"Is my home with the prince?"
If... if you can't go home. You should go to the prince. He loves you. He will help you away from this.
The ring in her clit itched and her pussy wept. Feelings of lust and hunger a came to the front of her mind, pushing any contemplation away
Her lips spread out like a blooming flower on her face as she looked around. Her eyes met with Omarr. A stable provider for her. A dignitary from a foreign land Lord Baseem had said, he was to be treated with the utmost respect.
The girl loved Omarr, he gave her all the things she craved. He was gentle when it was called for, rough when she wanted it, his enormous cock filled her pussy to the brim, his seed was plentiful and perhaps his most salient quality was large cock and powerful pubic bone pushed and ground against her clit. He looked at her, she caught his eye. Goosebumps shot over the girls skin. 
"Good morning." He smiled as he approached her and undid his robe. His cock was already half risen. The girl batted her large eyelashes at him a couple of times. Fidgeting with her restless legs, her tits were set asway underneath her transparent silk blouse. The morning sun penetrated it, making sure it hid nothing.
He greeted someone else on his way to her, the girl's eyes were locked on his cock. Huge and black. "Like delicious chocolate" she thought and paused. "What's chocolate?" 
It's a treat, you can have it at home. As much as you like.
"But there are so many treats here. See how delicious he looks." The girl stared at Omarr's black cock.
"Good morning Talatha'shar." He said and cupped her cheek. The girl pressed her head into his hand, like a kitten.
The girl rested her head in his palm. It didn't quite feel like her name. Thirteen. Talatha'shar.&nbsp; They called her that, but she never felt like a Talatha'shar.
"Good girl." He chuckled. "Are you hungry?"
She looked up at him and nodded immediately, she felt her lips grow and spread over her face. Her hungering wetness was ready for him, it was more than ready. It was weeping, she could feel it drip down on her chin and dripping down on her breasts.
"Oh." He chuckled and drew his finger over her chin, catching another droplet. "Let's make use of that morning dew and let's set these two things free. " He said and with the pull on a string undid her top and drew it away from her. A warm breeze washed over the girl's breasts and she drew her shoulders back, showing him the fullness of her breasts and how hard her nipples was in his presence. His hands reached down and fondled their softness. The girl's shoulders jiggled in delight at his touch. But then he stopped just as she yearned for more. He looked down at her in silence and she looked up.
The girl's skin tingled, she fidgeted and inched closer to him yearning for him to be inside her.
"Are you ready?" he held the cock up to her face. 
The girl nodded her head.
Omarr's fingers dug into her hair, pulling it back as he grabbed her head. His cock approached the insides of her lips. She was the receiving earth and he was the storm cloud. Rolling in from beyond the horizon and raining down thunder and nourishing water alike unto her receiving body.
His cock pushed inside her. The girl couldn't moan, but her shoulder's relaxed and she pushed her head down-forward and slowly pressed up towards him, her eyes searched for his. But his cock was too hard already and pushed too far down. She spilled over a little bit when he first pushed in, a seeping stream grew and trailed down her chin. The first drop hit her naked breast as she felt him push into her throat.
He didn't stop until his entire cock was inside her and her face pressed against his trunk of a body. Her entire jaw, slit and throat strained with pressure. His hands wrapped around her skull and pressed her closer. Usually she could use her tubular tongue to grasp, massage and pull on cocks. But with this Omarr it was impossible. He was so large that he filled all of her mouth hole and throat. There was no room to press against him, it was like trying to push down a wall. It only made her even wetter.
He rearranged his grip and drew her even closer to him. Her engorged clit rubbed up against him and she wriggled in his grasp. It was too much, it was too sensitive. She tried to get away but he wouldn't let her. He held her there and let his hips rock back and forth, fucking her as she was trying to squirm out of his grasp.
The girl's body trembled. He let her go and she leaned back from him. Releasing her oversensitive clit from his stern grasp. The ring in her clit dangled and her stomach churned with increasing hunger. She could only think of it what it would feel like when he filled her belly.
He grabbed her head and started thrusting. He pushed into her. The voice inside her tried to squeal. The girl knew she couldn't. 
His black cock pounded her pink pussy, his body smashed up against her face with every stroke and she could feel her lips and cheeks being mauled.&nbsp; She could feel her clit being rubbed against his body with each and every stroke.
It didn't take long until she started to meet his thrusts. Voluntarily offering her head to his charging body. Opening up her throat for his pounding cock. She felt her clit recede, it drew back. Her entire pussy contracted, her head was swimming in lust and hunger. She couldn't tell where the one started and the other began. What was once her tongue strained and cramped against the massive phallus invading her wet hole. Her neck contracted, her shoulders shrugged and moved, her toes twitched uncontrollably and her breasts felt like they were being contracted to a singular point.
Her shoulders started cramping and her legs strained against the ground, it would've made her sit up if Omarr didn't push her back down with an equal force. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, her heart skipped a beat and her breasts exploded with pleasure. Her breasts were coming; part of the orgasm felt like they contracted and blossomed in expanding pleasure. Her pussy gushed over and her juices ran down her face and splattered over her now wet tits.
Each drop spilled on them perpetuated her pleasure, almost starting the entire orgasm over again. It was exhilarating , it was exhausting.
The girl's heart beat like a piston and her muscles ached as she was slowly recovering from her climax. Omarr was still pounding her, harsher than ever.
Then he pulled halfway out as he started coming.
The girl realized what he was about to do and pushed forward, wanting to dunk her head over his cock, making sure he came as deep as possible.
But Omarr grabbed her hair and held her at a distance despite her desperate attempts to swallow his cock whole. With the head of his cock just inside her pussy, he came inside her. Like his stature, his load was enormous. The girl felt it fill up her pussy face and she tried to tilt her head upwards so it would run down her throat. He didn't allow it and held her head leveled with the ground. She looked up at him with pleading eyes but to no avail.
He dumped his load into the front of her pussy, just inside it and part of it immediately started to leak out. "Breakfast is served." He chuckled as he wiped his cock on her over sensitized clit, ring and all. She flinched but realized she would make a mess if she pulled away with the cum still fresh in her sopping pus. He left her with a&nbsp; faint veneer of cum on her clit. She slumped down on the floor, hurrying to her back down on her back. Her face a wet mess of sweat, juices and cum. Her wet cunt was exposed and splayed out over her cheeks. Her chest was heaving up and down, her heart was slowly calming down. She felt his massive cum slowly trickling down from her pussy into her throat and into her belly, bringing warmth to the cold.
The girl was delirious from pleasure and feeding.
This is not your home.


* * *


The leash snapped shut around the the girl's collar. Her neck jerked forward as Baseem checked that it was properly fastened. She looked up at him. His appearance had not changed at all since she met him the first time. The girl couldn't quite remember how long ago that was, but she knew that this man demanded respect and she dared not defy him. Maybe it was because he was a giant, she wasn't sure.
Baseem walked and the girl followed. They went deep inside the palace. Baseem unlocked doors with the wave of a hand and servants dropped to their knees and prostrated themselves in his presence. They walked long enough for the girl to feel lost. She hadn't been in this part of the palace before. On her own she only wandered the balconies, gardens and closest rooms in the palace. She wondered where they were going. Her eyes peeked out from under her blue silk veil and hungrily eyed passing men. She felt a twinge of hunger and her lips grew warm.
"Is this her?" A man in a red satin robe said. He had a hat so large it had to be clasped under his chin and his skin was like brown leather and he was impossibly thin. The girl recognized him. She was with her fiance the prince. Her heart skipped a beat and her eyes grew wide.
"Yes, this is her." Baseem replied.
The man leaned forward and without even asking loosened the girl's veil. She shied away but the leash on her collar stopped her.
Two moons have passed. You can go to A'yan. 
The girl had a faint recollection and she fidgeted in place, her feet padding the ground in exuberant joy.
"He is a kind man isn't he? The prince." The girl wondered.
He was always gentle to us. But he didn't agree to marry what you are now. He can turn you back. He can make Baseem.
Busy focusing inward, the girl did not hear the conversation next to her.
"I see." The man said and covered the girl's face again. "The lord is eager to see his wife to be. We mustn't make him wait any longer."
Baseem nodded. "Then let us walk the ten thousand steps together."
The vizier put his staff to the ground and proclaimed into the air. "Lord of hunger, you that are mighty and just."
Baseem knelt and tugged at the girl's collar. She hurried down to the ground. She had never seen Baseem kneel before.
"May your glory always be seen and your subjects always be loyal. I offer to you my empty stomach, I have fasted for three sunsets and I now ask passage into your realm for me and my companions. May our fast grant us clarity and show us the way."
The man finished his prayer in silence.
They stood up and walked into a windowless corridor that wasn't there before. It was crafted out of white marble and void of people. The walls were adorned with reliefs picturing towns, castles and people. People kneeling and holding up empty bowls in front of them to a single man who sat on his throne and watched from afar. The door slid close behind and extinguished the last light in the room. The vizier lit a lamp and led the way.
Pictures of harvesting fields and large wells in the desert, overflowing rivers and rich fields of grain and date palms next to emaciated people, working in the field under a large sun. They walked for what felt like hours. The girl grew hungry and fitful in her temper. Her veil stained with her wetness and her feet ached from walking. The corridor seemed endless and never ending. It felt like they had walked for hours and she could still see no end to it.
Her feet marched on and her mind swam in a confusing mess of hunger, lust and exhaustion. Baseem was uncharacteristically quiet and the prince's vizier walked ever forward while the girl had started to drag her feet but she could strain against the pull on her leash and she was forced to keep walking.
If you can't get home, you have to survive.
Her stomach roared in an upset and she could hear the vizier hum his approval in front of her.
Hours later they finally stopped. The girl immediately slumped down to the floor. The corridor had come to an end, a dead end it seemed at first. The vizier's red coat flowed as his arms reached up and felt the relief on the wall ahead of them. With a click, he pressed a switch and a whoosh of dry air rushed over them.
Overwhelming light shone in on them and the men shielded their faces with their hands while the girl shied away and turned her head, her eyes stinging with the blinding light. The leash jerked her forward and she nearly stumbled to the ground in the sand.
After her eyes adjusted she gazed out over a vast dune sea. A desert stretching from horizon to horizon and a cloudless sky hanging above it. The girl stared. Long gone were the green gardens of Baseem's realm. She was somewhere else now.
Her leash jerked so hard she almost tripped over herself to follow Baseem. They walked into the white marble and alabaster palace city. A river flowed through it and the city walls enclosed the fertile ground around it. 
The three kept going and arrived at an outdoor plaza. Beautiful marble tiles and ripe date palms dotted the city. And for the first time they saw people, simply dressed in brown or white linen. They all looked up at the three as they entered and immediately shied away or bowed deeply. 
Both the vizier and Baseem commanded respect over the crowd by their presence alone but one whispered to another "Talatha'shar..." and pointed to the girl. The two soon there after knelt and pressed their forehead to the floor. Seconds later they all did the same. One by one, they knelt down in front of her. The girl looked on them with confusion and struggled to take it all in.
"Door slave." The vizier started. A gangly woman with gaunt cheeks stood up from the crowd, her head bowed. "Where is our lord?" he demanded.
"He is in the harem your eminence." Her voice was barely audible.
The vizier folded his hands into his sleeves and walked past her.
"Come now Talatha'shar. Your prince awaits you." Baseem jerked on her leash and she hurried after, almost tripping on the prostrated bodies around her.
The girl's heart was pounding. This was not how she had imagined it. They walked and later she found herself in front of a grand door three stories high and half a dozen meters across. A huge relief adorned the door that was so high set it could only been as they approached it.
A man stood in the middle and next to him on the floor sat countless figures with their heads tilted up to him with their mouths agape.
"Do you wish to proceed?" The Vizier asked.
"I will see the Hunger Lord now." Baseem answered.
Hunger Lord?
The doors creaked and moaned as they grated against each other, moved by unseen forces to open up. The door slowly opened until it was wide enough for the three of them to enter. Baseem jerked the girl's leash and she stumbled in after him on her bare feet. Once they stopped she shook the hair from her face and her eyes widened.
They stood atop a flight of stairs looking down into a room that would've been two or three stories below them, the ceiling was set like an opera hall. At the top of the walls huge windows let in the yellow sun and from the bottom of the stairs she could feel cool air come rushing up.
But this wasn't why the girl was staring. 
Beyond the stairs, at the bottom of the room in the middle of the floor stood an enormous golden throne and on it sat the A'yan Sawm. Her prince.
Neither was this why the girl was staring.
On the side of the throne a woman was teetering. Her black skin shone in the light and her long curly hair flowed down her back. She had no arms nor any legs below the knees. Curvy with large hips and a svelte waist, she stood and balanced on a pair of&nbsp; stumps as she pressed her melon sized bosom against the throne. On her face instead of a mouth and a nose was a wet slit with pink insides and her lips had chocolate colored borders where they were fully extended. In her meaty clit hung a thick ring of white gold adorned with a large pearl. The only clothing she wore was her black collar, on it her name was written in pure gold.
The prince's finger was lazily stroking her clit and her quivering body was pushing forward, pressed against his throne and crushing her own breasts against it trying to lean in on his hand, but his touch remained featherlight.
In the other end of the room, on a pedestal lay another woman. With yellow skin, almond eyes and raven black hair she lay down on padded red velvet, unmoving. She had neither arms nor legs. She did not even have stumps to move and wiggle but was just an unmoving body. On the middle of her round hips a bald and naked pus could be seen but when her head tilted up and to the side to look at the new guests the girl could see that yet another slit adorned her face, both equally wet and opened. From her nose clit hung a simple gold ring and on her collar the name Ashara glimmered in golden letters.
On the floor, with her massive teats swaying underneath another woman appeared. Her arms and legs ended above the elbows and knees and she crawled on all fours, her pendulous breasts almost touching the floor as she did so. Pearly white skin shimmered with sweat and her red hair flowed down her back. A huge pus flowered in the middle of her face and from her clit hung a ring set with an emerald. It's color matched her eyes. Her collar read Itna'shar.
"Most esteemed Prince, Lord of Hunger, King of the never ending fast, most powerful and just. I approach you today with an honored guest, Lord Baseem the Eternal from the Realm of the Eternal Gardens." The vizier proclaimed and bowed until his forehead touched the stone.
The Prince sat on his throne and gazed up on his guests in silence. Only his finger moving, gently stroking the swollen clit next to him.
The girl's heart beat in her chest. The silence was deafening.
"I have brought for you, as per our contract your one and final wife, most powerful and just Lord of Hunger." Baseem said and bowed.
"I see." A'yan said, his face unmoving.
"Is she to your satisfaction?" Baseem asked and snapped his fingers. In a quick gust of wind all of the girl's clothes were blown away from her body. Her face exposed for all to see, her heavy bosom swayed over her svelte waist and the curves of her armless body gleamed and shimmered in the warm sun.
A'yan stood up from his throne, his golden armor rattled and his long cloak swept behind him. Saba'a, who had been vying for her husbands attention looked up with yearning eyes. He observed the girl for a few more moments before speaking.
"No." 
Baseem's face was unwavering like a mask, "Even though she is not your one and final wife, is she enough to your satisfaction that you wish to keep her?"
"Yes." He sat back down. "You can leave now dervish." The prince said and waved his hand. Saba'a pressed herself once again to his throne.
Seconds later the door slammed shut and the girl turned and looked behind. She stood alone at the top of the stairs.
Khamsa, a thin raven haired woman with porcelain white skin walked out into the room. Her short hair framed her face and her long neck made her head literally stand out. A svelte, tight body and large black eyes were her most distinguishing features. Her thin, short lipped slit had dark lips and gleamed almost imperceptibly in the light of the room. Khamsa's arms ended in stumps above her elbows and they were tied taught with black silk rope across her back. 
The girl looked around the room and saw more. Sitting on mats, lying in the couches. In the far back was the only one of them who still had arms. Her one hand was stretched down far between her legs massaging her folds and the other hand had stuck two fingers deep into the wet hole in her face. From her clit hung a ring set with a diamond. Her collar read Wahid.
His youthful face looked up at the girl and his hand reached out to her". Come down here and join your sister wives in your new home." 
The girl's skin shivered, wrought with goosebumps, her nipples hard, her mind swimming. She looked to the sides of the room. All the prince's wives looked up at her. The six to his left and the six to his right.
As she put her naked foot on the first step, Talatha'shar walked down the stairs to her new husband.


"Be careful what you wish for,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; it might just come true."

THE END



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Bann Sidhe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





