BDSM Library - Practice Makes Perfect




Practice Makes Perfect
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A submissive to a Transgendered Domme needs to learn how to better service her she-cock so is taken to a glory hole to learn how to be an excellent cocksucker






With a sigh you thread your finger through the d-ring at the top of my hood, pulling me off your she-cock. You bring your face down to mine and you look into my eyes. "I know you'd never sucked cock before you met me, and you are doing better than you once did, but you have no rhythm as you suck my she-cock."



"I am sorry Mistress, I am trying my hardest," I say barely concealing my disappointment in my failure.



"I know boy -- you try hard, but you need much more practice, and I am not sure I can patiently wait for you to get it." You look off into space as you think about how you can solve the issue. Suddenly a light appears in your eyes. I know you have a solution. "Go put on your chastity shorts, and come back with a pair of sweat pants and a sweat shirt that you can wear over top."



I am naked except for my collar and my hood, and I crawl off to put on my chastity shorts. I return moments later with the leather chastity shorts on, crawling with a sweat suit in my hands. You order me to stand, and you order me to turn around and bend over.



I hear and feel you open the zipper covering my ass. I gasp as you shove your lubed finger n my ass, followed quickly by a butt plug. You zip the shorts back up and I see you apply locks tot he shorts, ensuring I cannot touch myself or remove the plug. You hold out the sweat pants and sweat shirt for me to put on, and I assume you are going to be taking me somewhere -- where I have no idea.



You snap the gag and blindfold onto my hood and a leash to my collar. You tug my leash and you lead me into our garage. I hear you open the back of our SUV and you tug my leash. I know it is the signal for me to crawl into the back of the SUV. I lay on my side curled up, and you pull a blanket over top of me, covering me from view.



I push back against the back of the seat, pressing my plug more deeply into my ass. I am sure it is not a secret to you now that I like to have my ass filled, and I moan around the gag, and I can hear you chuckle.



"My little anal slut. Hard to believe you were an anal virgin when you came to me."



I lose track of time as you drive, but eventually you pull up to a stop, and I hear you get out of the car, walk around to the back, open the door, and grab my leash, signalling me to exit the SUV. I hear you open a door after you lock the car, and you lead me in somewhere. Music blares and I have no idea where we are. You lead me through the building, eventually into a room where the music is more muffled.



You order to me to remove my sweats, and after I take them off, fold them and hand them to you, you press yourself against me, reaching around to press the plug as deeply as you can into my hungry ass. I moan and you laugh.



"Arms behind," you say, as you pull an armbinder up my arms. I suckle the gag in my mouth, feeling incredibly turned on. You pull the gag off and I slurp up the line of drool.



You lean into my ear and you whisper to me that you have figured out how I can get a lot of cock-sucking experience in very short order. You tug my leash and I know you want me down on my knees. You rip off the blindfold, and I blink my eyes rapidly, adjusting to the light. As I adjust I see a wall with a hole right in front of my face. You laugh and tell me I am at the city's busiest glory-hole. Chances are, you tell me, that you will suck at least a hundred cocks tonight.



The is a saw-horse in front of my that you allow me to lean on. "Mistress? How will I hold the cocks if I am in the arm binder?"



"You must focus on the skill with your mouth, lips and tongue first, then you can incorporate your hands later." As you finish speaking you sit on my hips and you stick your finger through the glory-hole, waggling your finger to prompt the first cock to come through the hole. You grab the top of my head with one hand and my jaw with the other, and you move my head as the first cock slide through the glory hole.



I work my mouth, my lips and my tongue as prompted by your hands. I hear the guy on the other side of the wall start to moan, and he thrusts his cock hard through the hole. I feel his cock pulse as his first string of man-juice comes flying out. I swallow as much as I can, and he pulls he shrivelling his cock from my lips.



You pat me on the head. "Good start boy". You stick your fingers through to waggle your fingers again as you laugh and say "Practice makes perfect!"



I sigh to myself, only because I know it is going to be a long night.



After about 25 cocks, my jaw is getting somewhat sore, but I am sure that I am doing better, as you have stopped directing me with your hands. I hear you shake out keys on a key ring, and I feel you unlock and unzip my chastity shorts. I feel empty but not for long as you thrust your hard she-cock into my ass. I moan on the cock in my mouth, and I feel it twitch. I take the hint and start to moan on the cock, which isn't hard because you are fucking me hard. It is a lot to concentrate on, working my ass, and sucking. You whisper to me to stop thinking so much and just give into the sensations.



I try to follow your instructions and just focus on the feeling of being spit roasted. it must work as both you and the anonymous cock in my mouth spray cum inside of me.



You hold a bottle of water to my mouth and I drink thankfully. As I am drinking, a massive black cock snakes through the hole. As I start to move to take it into my mouth, you push me over onto my back. "I think I'll take care of this one," you say to me. "Tongue my ass pussy," you say as you sit on my face. I can no longer see you sucking the massive black cock, but by the sounds you are making, and the ways your hips are bucking on my face, I know you're having an orgasmic experience.



You stand up and I see the massive black cock, which you are jerking. I see it twitch, and a deluge of cum comes flying out of the cock onto my face. You laugh and say that with all of the cum, even with the black leather of the hood, I now look white from all of the cum.



You tug on my leash and get me back on my knees, and I spent another few hours sucking one cock after another. I am starting to feel bloated from all of the cum in my stomach. I have no idea how many cocks I have sucked. My shoulders ache, my knees ache, my back aches, but I power through it to complete the task as you desire.



As yet another cock sprays cum into my mouth and pulls back through the hole, I feel you release the arm binder. You tug on my leash and I roll onto the floor, you curl your body around mine, pull off my hood, and pull an blanket over top of us. I am so exhausted I drift off to sleep -- for how long I am not sure. You shake me, waking me and kiss me, long and deeply.



"Let's go home. You've done well tonight, but you will come here every night for a week to perfect your skills." We get re-dressed and you take me by the hand and lead me out of what turns out to be a sex shop. I am a mass of aches, but strangely content, knowing that what I learn will please you as I become an excellent cock sucker for you.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   slave d


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





