BDSM Library - stealing slave




stealing slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Mistress punishes slave for stealing food






One of the slaves at Mistress Carolines castle was found eating waste food from her food stores trash dispenser . He tried to escape but her riding guard Alexandra whipped him down and trapped him with her horce by pressing the slave to the ground with the hooves. Mistress Caroline passed and the slave screamed some bad words which Caroline took as an insult. He was brought to her royal room to where mistress caroline sitting on large elegent thorn to decide slaves punishment as slaves cant eat anything untill unless allowed by mistress even it is waste food and slave is starving to death She was angry and decided to execute him slowly and painfully by running him over with her Rolls Royce Silver Shadow , the slave was moved and tied on a concrete road with his legs spreaded. Mistress Caroline was dressed in black high heeled diamond studed leather stapy sandals complete lined inside with smooth leather sharp mattel heel tips to crush and trample Many times snails, mice, toads and frogs were cruched under her sandals. She also used to pierce the hands of the slaves with her sharp mattel heels by wiggling her foot as she was forcing her heel through the skin and flesh. The Rolls had smooth and soft seats of brown leather. Caroline stepped inside and slided slowly with her button in the soft leather seat until she felt comfortable. The feeling of smooth leather turned her on. She started the engine and drove out from the garage. From the outside of the car it was seen the lustre from the leather seats and that Caroline was smiling. She drove to the concrete road and stopped just in front of the slave tied on the road. Caroline wanted to crush him flat. She reved the engine hard to become warm. The slave was begging for mercy but Caroline closed all windows so she could not hear his words. She drove off and backed towards the slave in order to only crush his legs with the wheels under the drivers side. She stopped the car 2 meter in front of the slave and then she rubed her body on seat of soft and smooth leather. The leather squeaked under here body as she sank down in the seat from which a delightful leather scent was felt. She was moving here body in the smooth leather and She worked her french manicured fingers to push the gear shift in the reverse position and the car backed towards the slave. He screamed of agony and pain as his legs were slowly crushed below his knees by the back wheel. Caroline worked out here toes in her elegent sandals and slowly forced them on gas leaning back in the leather seat. The crunchy sounds made Caroline wild as she was enjoying the feeling of soft and smooth leather in the seat. She stopped the car just after the front wheel crushed his legs a second time. She drove the car some 100 meters away and turned the car in order to accelerate the Rolls. She press her toes in one of the leather sandals to floored the gas pedal. She moved the other foot up on the leather seat and pushed her sandal sole into the smooth seat in order to feel the crushing vibrations through here toes. She was slowly bouncing in the soft leather seat which now was warm and dry except in a spot just below and between her legs. A smell of leather, parfume was felt inside the car. She was very excited and aimed the car so that the wheels on the drivers side would start to crush the slave between is legs and end to crush his head. As she was closing in, she saw how the slave dissapeared under the hood of the car. Large bumps and slammings were felt and heared through the seats and pedals. The bumps were so large that Carolines body slided in the leather seat which made her very hot and wet. She saw in the back mirror a pulp which was still moving. Smiling and wild laughing, she stopped the car and reversed it to crush again. As she crushed the slave again she saw that his head was uncrushed. She runned him over again and pressed her toes in sandals deep down in the leather seat as the head crushed with an explosive sound. Caroline could not resist and she had an orgasm. She runned him over again and stopped the car when he was complete under it. She calmed down and drove back. The car had a lot of blood staines and the seats needed to be licked and cleaned



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sam_boy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





