BDSM Library - Catholic Schoolgirl\'s Revenge




Catholic Schoolgirl\'s Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple plays out a religious fantasy involving some very serious sins, including watersports, oral sex, and anal sex.






"This is quite a list." He scanned it again, then looked over at her, mouth slightly open and head tilted.
She shrugged and nodded, her head jerking briefly, lips pursed. "Are you okay with it though? I mean, we never really discussed hard limits as far as doing things to other people."
"Yeah, I guess, I mean..." He shrugged back. "But I don't top. I guess that's where I'm confused."
"You're still not topping me. You're doing what I tell you to. I suppose technically you could say I was topping you from the bottom, but as long as the BDSM police don't find out we should be okay. It's all negotiated, and if you don't feel comfortable, it's no big." A long pause. "But I'd really like to do that scene, and I want to do it with you, and I trust you not to take it to far."
"Because you could always kill me later."
She knew he was on board then, when he started joking, and grinned. "So you're good with it?"
"Yeah, let me just go over it a couple of more times to make sure I remember everything. And I'll need to drink some water, lots of water, maybe some iced tea."
Tremors rippled through her body. "I'll go get changed."
The buttons on her blouse clicked against the tabletop as he slammed her into it, holding her there with one hand on her back and a hard fist clenched and full of her hair. "We found that today in your locker!&nbsp; Care to explain what you were doing with it?"
The suction cup base held the dildo upright, the rubber dick jostling and bobbing as the table vibrated with her struggles. "It's not mine Father, I swear!"&nbsp; Her ears rang from the smack to the back of her head and her breath gasped out of her body, leaving her wordless as the fist in her hair twisted and pulled harder.
"Lying. Little. Whore." Contempt dripped from his voice as he flipped up her skirt, jerking her panties down until they caught at her knees. "It smells just like your disgusting cunt you filthy slut. Let me show you." He pushed her further onto the table, smashing her face down onto the dildo and fingering her cunt from behind, rubbing her clit hard, tugging on her lips until her struggles turned into sharp jerks of pleasure and she started to get wet. His free hand pulled the dildo off the table, leaving her face on the cool wood, drool seeping out the corner of her mouth.&nbsp; Her breath exploded with a warm, hot gasp of mist as he slammed the cock into her, sawing it back and forth, twisting and angling it to hit every part of her cunt, then slamming it down in front of her, slick, wet, shining and glistening obscenely.
Her shoulders thrashed and she tried to roll away but he held her, face pinned against the cock, letting her breathe in the smell of it. "Still want to deny it's been in your cunt you fucking bitch?"
Teeth grinding together and hips twitching, she spit out angry words. "It's not mine. Someone must have put it there."
Hard meat and bone crashed into her ass, and she jerked and snarled.&nbsp; He slapped her again and again, standing over her, watching her ass turn red then darker shades as her bruised flesh absorbed the force. "We'll do this until you admit it is yours, you disgusting tramp."&nbsp; Over and over, the vibration flooding through her blood into her cunt, heat and pain mixing with wet pleasure.&nbsp; His hand smacked down into her endlessly, and her snarls turned to a sob, then a soft wail.
Finally she just lay still, surrendering, then shuddered and sobbed. "It's mine, it's mine, it's mine, just please stop hitting me, it's mine."
A shriek as he slapped her ass again. "You fucking cunt, can't keep your legs together for ten seconds can you? Come on, you'll have to be punished." He dragged her by her hair, pulling her towards the bathroom, her steps short and awkward with her panties still hobbling her knees. Tears, drool, and snot dripping to the floor in a trail of organic bread crumbs, wetness trailing down her legs. 
She cowered in the corner of the shower as he leaned over and pulled her shirt apart, ivory buttons popping and rolling on the slick plastic floor. Her hair hung down around her face in wet strands, plastered to her skin with sweat and heat. He slapped the dildo down in front of her, screwing the suction cup base down to the floor, and pointed at it. "Get on it, if that's what you want so much."
She shuffled forward, spreading her legs, knees squeaking as her flesh slid across the shower. The fake cock slid inside her, and she looked up, fear and lust in her eyes as she imagined what was going to happen next.
"Close your eyes, and pray for forgiveness." 
Her eyes shuddered closed, and she licked her lips, drawing in a harsh breath. His own breath poured out of his mouth as he unzipped his pants, licked his lips, and waited, remembering the list.
"Our Father, who..." She gasped and choked, the words dying as his piss splashed across her nose, trailed down to her mouth, and stopped. She caught herself on her hands, coughing and gasping as he stood over her.
He paused, and she waited, then gave him a quick smile and looked back down.
"You see what happens when you fill your body with disgusting thoughts and actions? It makes it harder for you to be saved. You choke on the lust in your cunt just like the piss in your mouth. Now, fuck yourself and pray. I want to see if you're such a whore that you can cum with piss on your breath."
She started over. Riding the cock hard, slamming her hips up and down, fingering her clit. Choking and spitting as she prayed and he pissed in her mouth, splashing hot acidic urine on her face, flooding her skin until it washed down, soaked her blouse, dripped off her tits and the room reeked of it. Over and over, holy words and bodily fluids mixing until she finally shuddered to an orgasm and he emptied his bladder onto her while she bucked and screamed.
The smell of piss filled the room, the hot, disgusting wet smell of bodily waste. She stood up, leaned against the wall and smiled. Her legs trembled, and rivulets of mixed fluids ran down her body, pooling around the cock still wobbling on the floor.
He smiled back. "That was quite a scene." He turned to get her a towel to clean her face with, and the small cup they kept for water on the sink.
He felt her hand in his collar, dragging him back against her, pushing their bodies together, his shirt soaking through and plastering itself to his back. "Oh, the scene is just getting started.&nbsp; I like to call this next part 'Catholic Schoolgirl's Revenge.'&nbsp; It's a sequel, but I think it's better than the original."
He felt her hand wrapped in his hair, pulling him back into the shower. His lungs sucked in a deep breath of air, full of the deep smell of sex and acrid scent of his own piss as he carefully stumbled backwards. "You pious fuck." She pulled him close then spun him around, rubbing her wet naked body against his. 
His groan of anticipation trembled through her body, and she smashed his knee into his balls. Their knees collapsed together, his in pain, hers in lust, and they sank to the floor together. The dildo was stuck to the floor between them, swaying from the vibrations of their bodies moving through the floor. She pushed him back against the wall, pulled his head down and grabbed the dildo.
The suction cup came loose with a wet pop, and she smashed it down again under his lips as he sank forward, the pain in his balls making it impossible for him to stay upright.&nbsp; She held his head just above the dildo, letting it rest on his lips. "Oh Father, teach me how to pray," she lilted in a sing song voice, mocking him as piss dripped off her breasts down onto the back of his head.
He groaned a last gasp of pain, and drew in a deep breath. "Our..." His words disappeared in a choked growl as she pushed his head down, filling his throat with the dildo, shoving his words back down his throat. She held his head as he choked and coughed, his drool mixed with the taste of her cunt on the dildo.&nbsp; "What's the matter Father? Can't you pray with your mouth full of dick?"
His head twisted from side to side, trying to shake the cock out of his mouth, jerking his head back and forth.&nbsp; She felt electric thrills and her heart beat faster with each instinctive jolt of his body, the animal pain washing over her and pounding deep inside her.&nbsp; Finally, she jerked his head up, letting him breathe in deep gasps, spraying spit out of his mouth, wet saliva running down his chin and arcing down to land on her stomach and mix with the wetness gushing from her cunt.
"I said to fucking pray!"&nbsp; She snarled it at him and shoved his face back down on the cock, pounding his head up and down, bouncing the rounded end off the back of his throat and making him gag each time. Words came out, but barely, as he tried to recite a prayer. Garbled, mangled pious syllables of supplication choking in his throat as she rammed his head down and pulled it up.
The torture went on, her voice mocking him and snarling at him. Drool poured out of his mouth and pooled on the floor with the wetness that was seeping out of her cunt, tears dripped out of his eyes and ran down his cheeks as she spit words out of her mouth onto his face. She raped his face, kneeling in front of him, holding his face down on the dildo until one smashed plea came out over and over. "Pleesh... stropp... mam..."
The sound echoed off the fiberglass walls of the shower, and she felt it tremble all the way through her. Pulling his head up she let him breathe, the words coming out of his raw throat and washing over his drool soaked lips again and again. 
Her hand smacked into his face, a hard stinging slap.&nbsp; "You're praying to me now?&nbsp; That's kind of hot, Father, but so very naughty." She stood up carefully, looking down at him, and then smashed his face into her crotch.&nbsp; "Pray to my cunt, Father."
She pulled him in tight, holding his face against the short hairs and wet, sensitive flesh of her cunt.&nbsp; He mumbled words, half out of his mind, and this time it was him choking as her piss poured down his face, ran into his mouth, and turned his prayer to choking, bitter, wet gasps of violation.&nbsp; It ran down his throat, pooled on the white collar and plastered the black shirt to his skin. It ran down the chain around his neck and dripped off the crucifix that bounced on and off his body as she jerked his head side to side.
"Keep praying you fucking pious fuck." She let him start again, then smashed his mouth against her body and pinched his nostrils shut.&nbsp; He licked as hard as he could, trying to get her off, trying to talk, the breath in his mouth smashing against her wet skin.&nbsp; The air in his lungs burned, the wet words trapped in his mouth against her skin, and she rocked in pleasure from their heat.&nbsp; She felt herself start to come, a deep trembling in her legs and quivering skin and pushed him away.&nbsp; "You can't pray that way either?&nbsp; Well, I've got one more idea."
She pushed him back, and spun him around. His face was red, bright and hot with lack of air.&nbsp; His cock was hard, bulging against his tight black pants as she dripped wetness down her legs and breathed hard, her skin electric and alive.&nbsp; He felt her hand hot against the small of his back as she worked her fingers into the waistband of his pants, and yanked them down.
The wet smacking sound of the suction breaking on the dildo echoed off the walls as she jerked it free.&nbsp; "Now, you're going to pray."&nbsp; She lined the dildo up against his asshole, hugged her chest tight against his back, and waited for his breathing to slow.&nbsp; He felt her teasing him, pushing the tip of the fake cock against his ass, his heart beating harder and faster, his teeth clenching against the impending violation.
"Our Father..."
She shoved the dildo forward, pushing until it popped into his body and violated him.&nbsp; He gasped and continued, the words a brutal cadence as she sawed it back and forth in his body.&nbsp; On all fours he gasped out the words, punctuated them with moans and cries of pain as she slammed it into his body, the crucifix bobbing back and forth on his chest.
Their hot bodies plastered together with piss soaked clothes she fingered her cunt as she sodomized him while he gasped out the prayer.&nbsp; Tortured, horrible pain and searing heat mixed, wet fluids rolling out of her cunt, dripping from his mouth.&nbsp; Hot pleasure and deep animal growls came from her throat, the gut wrenching throbbing like he was going to vomit rolling from his body as she pulled the dildo out and slammed it back in, the fake balls smashing into his skin.
She ground her palm against the base, trying to force it in further as her body shuddered and convulsed, orgasming as he finished, gasping out the final word with a tortured sob of surrender as she collapsed against him, sobbing out the ending of her own prayer.
"Amen."

Copyright Jerry Jones.
Thank you for reading, around 200 more stories like this one are available on my blog at http://littlesubmissions.wordpress.com/




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jerry Jones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





