BDSM Library - Growing control




Growing control
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A woman controls a pansy from college to adulthood with financial domination, diet control, orgasm denial, bladder control, and humiliation






I don't know what it is about it, the control, that I like so much. I just do. Ever since I met him, in college, it all just seemed so natural. So easy. My tutor, offering to write my papers for me when I wanted to go party. Doing my homework problems when I was too hungover. Driving me and my friends home from parties when I was too drunk. 

It had continued after college, again, naturally. Whether he followed me or not, mattered little. I took a well paying job in sales. I was good at it. I'm good at getting people to pay, to buy, the things that I want them to. He took a respectable job in IT that afforded a respectable lifestyle. It sort of just, continued. He'd send me gift cards and doting emails. I'd ignore him, or sometimes I would tell him about my dates. Sometimes I'd ask him for flowers or to do an errand. He once waited at the DMV for me for 2 hours while I slept in. 

It was never sexual, at least not reciprocally. God, he's never even seen me naked. I knew he was hot for me. I assumed he was jerking off for me. I never saw him with other girls. I told him outright he wasn't good enough to get a girl. I told him he should probably be paying for it, and he should probably be paying trannies or dudes. He would look down and get sad eyed and then agree with me. I liked saying things like that, and I knew he liked it, and I liked that to. 

It went on like that for a few years. I remember the day it turned more serious. He emailed me right after his birthday. it was a typical email from him, complimenting me, wishing me a good day, asking if I needed anything. And then he mentioned his parents had bought him a brand new tv for his birthday. it was unusual because it had nothing to do with me to the untrained eye. It seemed like a normal sentence, but I lingered on it. I began to realize it was a test, a suggestion almost. Once I realized that, I understood better what he wanted. I quickly emailed back- something I rarely do - "I want the tv. When can you bring it over?"

This was going to be different. He had sent me gift cards of $50 or $100, once even $200. But the tv was $3000 at least. And it was going to be mine. I wanted it, and I suspected that he mentioned it as an offer. He wanted me to take it from him. To take what was his for pleasure, to enhance my pleasure. It would have been to weird and not right to out and out say that at first. But if I was right, and he responded in the affirmative, it would be a whole new world. 

I was right. He responded a few minutes later. He said "of course!" That weekend he set it up in my house. It was the first time I'd let him in my place. It was a little weird, I could tell he was nervous, shaking. I took advantage. I pounced. I knew what he was and what he wanted from me. He was a pathetic little wreck. That very day, I was inviting myself back to his place to see where he lived. I had a plan already in mind. After setting up my new 60" tv, I asked him to box up my old tv- to put it on craigslist, and to give me the money. 

Over the next few months we became even more acquainted. The rush I felt that first day when he left and i turned on MY tv, was unlike any high I'd ever experienced. It returned a few days later when he dropped off the $350 he got for my old tv. I was hooked and I wanted more. Through him, I learned more about findom. I wasn't entirely interested in putting myself out there online for weirdos, but what I had going with him was nice. 

I learned more about him. Where he worked, how much he made, where he lived, what he drove. Everything. The rush came from many places, it came from the control, it came from the denial, the ruination, the sacrifice, the indulgence. Within a few months, I had become emboldened. He was beyond willing. I was introduced to a new world. I slowly began stripping away the elements of his life, and reshaped it around me. I pushed his limits where he needed a push, but he rarely objected. 

Together, we helped him downsize. From a 1 bedroom apartment to a studio, saving a few hundred a month and selling off spare furniture. We sold his queen size bed (honestly, what was he thinking) and set him up with a twin mattress on the floor. His new studio was spartan, but we agreed he didn't need much, and that I needed the surplus. He had his cheap mattress on the floor, some pink blankets and sheets. He had his computer, some dishes, and not much else. I was gleeful in knowing he was a virgin, and determined to keep him that way. The thought of him living his whole life as a virgin made me wet. He would live in his tiny apartment, visiting me on weekends to clean for me. During the week I would order him to do certain tasks, write 10,000 lines of devotion, video chat with gay guys online, etc...

As time went on we opened a joint bank account. His paychecks would go there. We would both have access, but he only had my permission to spend on his rent, his bills, and a specific food allowance. I monitored this all closely. I didn't want to outright ruin him, and send him into extreme debt. I thought about it, the way other dommes did, have him open a bunch of credit cards and max them out and then leave him to fend off creditors. I preferred to become more of a succubus, controlling him, yet making him dependent on me. He made a decent living, but nothing extravagant. I spirited away a few hundred a month extra for my planned early retirement, and spent a bit on my own indulgences. A massage here, a tan there, a mini-vacation or a pair of boots. I didn't live the high life, but I got what I wanted. 

I didn't just take take take either. I helped him upgrade his wardrobe (hoping it would lead to a promotion at work). I cancelled his cable, and installed tracking software on his computer. Over weeks, I watched his vile porn habits. I studied what he was into, he knew i was tracking it, and I told him not to change anything. He was a computer geek, and could have hid his habits, or kept a secret bank account from me. But I doubt he did, what he submitted was to me fully. Some of his weird fetishes would never work for me, creampies, cbt, bimbos. But a few things stood out and intrigued me; his obsession with toilet things and adult babying, eating things, and extreme chastity. I saw my window to absolute control. I stocked his apt with cheap trashy panties, fishnets, bras, wigs, lipgloss and mascara. I encouraged him to dress up and video chat with random horny men online. I even got him some starter butt plugs, dildos and gags. 

I didn't want to overwhelm him by changing his entire lifestyle at once. So I began with his diet. He was really into stories and videos of human ashtrays and eating dog food. I realized this was a trigger for him. So with two motives in mind I moved to restrict his diet to the extreme. I hoped a restrictive diet would help his flabby ass lose weight, and again, maybe help professionally. Secondly, I wanted to replace the slight joys he had in life with me. 

His diet was to be intentionally dull, repetitive, and joyless. He would be allowed to eat: 
For breakfast: Plain yogurt. Plain Oatmeal. or Plain Shredded Wheat with Skim Milk. 
For lunch: Wheat Bread with Creamy Peanut Butter. 
For Dinner: Plain Whole Wheat Noodles (no sauce)
Snacks: Plain veggies (carrots, celery, lettuce, cabbage, cauliflower, broccoli), Dried prunes or apricots, Baby food. 

If we was good he could earn a reward food, such as berries or honey to put on his oatmeal or yogurt, jelly for his peanut butter, sauce for his noodles, and dressing for his veggies. 
When he was bad he would earn punishment food. Lacing his cold oatmeal with castor oil. A can of dog food. Gross cheap food (like 85 cent chicken gravy cold). Cover his food in his piss, or his favorite, in old cigarette butts. Neither of us smoke, but I started collecting ashes from a dear friend of mine who was none the wiser. I would give him bottles of my piss to make into ice cubes to top off his punishment foods with. 

It was rough at first, weening him off real person food and onto the slaves diet. The first few weeks he earned a LOT of punishment food. I cleaned out his pantry and fridge, and checked his receipts to make sure those were the only food he had. When I found out he bought a candy bar at the work vending machine, it was a long next three meals. He could have lied about it to me, but I loved so dearly that he fessed up. From then on, he was not allowed to carry cash ever again. Problem solved mostly. Sometimes people would bring in donuts or bagels and he would slip up. I was there on cam making sure he ate his doggie food dinner out of a dog bowl on his hands and knees!. 

I had a key to his apt and would drop in sometimes to make sure there were no secret food stashes and he was actually eating what he claimed to. I didn't manage every element, but after a few weeks, I believed he was only eating his boring plain foods! He was losing weight and we were ready to move on to the next control step. Chastity!

Throughout my entire time of knowing him, he had never said no to anything i asked. When I had him write my women's studies paper in college in 18 hours while i was hungover, he lept. When I made him sneak out of work and eat a can of dog food in his car during lunch, he took pictures. Chastity was one of his biggest desires, but he just wasn't ready to wear a belt 24/7 and still work. It frightened him too much, and I relented. He would report directly to me after work on Friday for belting, and be released on Sunday night. During the week, he was under honor to not cum or touch his lil pee pee unless specifically directed. 

I tended to allow him release every 2-3 weeks, sometimes at home, sometimes in front of me, always in some humiliating or degrading fashion. Like the diet, his chaste obedience took some time and earned him some punishments. I never liked touching him, spanking and slapping weren't so much my thing. But I did make him home wax off his pubes, and cover his wee wee in icy hot on cam! During the week, I would assign him edging and porn watching assignments. 

The last element of control I introduced I wanted to be unique, and not just another sissy male fantasy. So in addition to eating only the minimal boring food, only cumming every 2 weeks, I instructed my slave that from now on, he must receive permission for using the bathroom. I had this in mind when incorporating prunes and laxatives in his food and punishment. Now at work, he would text for permission to relieve himself. If I did not respond, and he used the bathroom, he would get the punishment food. At night, and at home, the deal was the same. Occassionally, I would instruct him to wear a diaper when he got home from work. In those cases, he was required to use the diaper, as his toilet permission had been revoked. 

THE WEEKEND

We had settled into a nice routine over the past year or so. Every monday he would go the grocery store for himself, stocking up on the basics of his bland diet, and spare punishment food. After, he would write his lines "I am nothing. Goddess is everything. I give myself completely to goddess" from the time he got home from the store until his bedtime at 9:30pm. He would go to work. Tuesday nights were edgings. I would send him a series of videos he had to watch entirely. Without cumming or touching himself. It was a lot of TG, forced bi, and gay porn. But I would also send him some ball busting, whipping, foot worship, and bbw porn too! Wednesday and Thursday we mostly online chats, maybe more lines.

Friday during the day I would send him my shopping list. Immediately leaving work he would go the grocery store to restock my needs. I relished sending him to the store to see up close all that he could not have. He would buy all my food needs for the week, fresh fruits and meats and sweets and snacks, wine, coffee, all the luxuries I enjoyed every day and he would never touch again! Making him buy it was just delicious! I also never hesitated to add tampons and pads and stockings and femme things to the list. I was happy to be done with errands, having my slave do them for me. 

After acquiring all of my needs, he would report directly to my house. When he arrived, he was instructed to text me, and I would let him in remotely. While I was out getting my hair done, he unloaded the bags. Upon entry to the house, he found instructions to remove his stupid clothes, and put on his chastity belt, a double padded diaper, plastic pink panties, and a one piece romper in pink! He wore this while preparing me a gourmet dinner. 

When I arrive home, the dinner is almost ready. I change into comfy clothes, and tell him all about my day and week and my plans for the weekend while I eat a fresh salad with real dressing, a thick juicy steak and a glass of wine! He has some cold plain noodles prepared. I'm tempted to give him some of the scraps off my plate, but I think to myself he hasn't really done anything special, so when I'm done eating I scrape mine into the trash and instruct him to put away the leftovers. After dinner, slavey asked for permission to pee. Slave is not allowed to use the toilet in my house (gross!) I considered his request, and decided I liked to see him squirm and denied. 

After that, I got ready for a date, a guy I'd been on a few dates with, nothing serious. I allowed slave to serve as my footmat while I applied my makeup in the bathroom. I told him to keep his eyes closed, I don't even really like him to see me in my undies. He kept shifting under my feet, no doubt anxious over his full bladder. After I finished my makeup, slavey helped me pick between two dresses. One in purple that better showed my tits, and another in white that flattered my ass. I chose the purple one, and slavey again asked permission to pee. I was almost ready to leave, and decided slave could just go home and report back tomorrow morning at 8am for maid duties. I told him he could pee on the walk home. However, he was not allowed to remove the diaper, tomorrow morning when he came there would be a fresh one for him waiting to change into. He was allowed grey sweatpants and hoody over his pathetic baby costume so nobody would harass him on the 30 minute walk home. 

Shortly after he left, I did as well, and had a nice date with a cute guy. It wasn't going anywhere, but I liked to let slavey think otherwise. Slavey was required to go right back to bed as soon as he got home. Every Saturday he is required to report at 8am for maid duties. When he arrived, I was out on my way to yoga class, but I like to let him wonder if I went home with the date. I remotely let him in. 

By the door were clear instructions for him. 1. He was permitted to have his morning pee in last nights soggy diaper. 2. When he was done, he was allowed to change into a dry triple padded diaper, and his same plastic panties and his ruffled pink onesie. 3. After that he could have breakfast- I had prepared 4 baby bottles, one with milk, one with apple juice, and 2 with water. On the floor in a doggy bowl was cold oatmeal with a tablespoon of castor oil. On top were half a dozen prunes. 

Once he was done with his breakfast, the chores get done. Laundry, stripping the sheets and washing them. Collecting all my clothes from the floor, sorting them and washing them. Intimates get washed by hand and he is required to save that for last. He vacuums all my floors and carpets, mops the kitchen and wipes down the surfaces. Collects dishes and runs the dish washer and puts away the clean dishes. He scrubs the bathrooms and the toilets. He dusts the bookshelves. Every other weekend I have a once a month type chore- washing windows, cleaning the fridge, washing my comforter etc... 

Sometimes I like to watch him work, sometimes I like to obstruct his work with verbal assaults, sometimes I like to distract him by touching myself through my pants on the couch, sometimes I like to oversee everything he does and make sure every bit is perfect and punish anything less than perfect. Today, I got a massage after yoga, and met some girlfriends for brunch after. I didn't get home til 2, all the while letting him wonder if I went home with the man from last night. 

During that time he had texted three times begging permission to pee, i failed to respond, and he texted that he had failed me and wet his nappy. So sad, he must really love that punishment food! I had more in store for him. I told him I would be home in 30 minutes and instructed him to refill the baby bottles and drink them all. For lunch, I instructed him to finish the entire bag of prunes and eat a can of baked beans from his doggy bowl, and take another spoonful of castor oil. 

When I walked in the door, he was cleaning his doggy dish as he had just finished eating. I smiled. I saw that he was done with about 2/3 of the cleaning. He still had to clean the guest room, the guest bathroom, fold the laundry he's already washed, and handwash my unmentionables. I interrupted him to have him wipe down my yoga mat, and to inspect his work thus far. He'd done a good job, he was getting to be almost professional level maid!

I let him get back to his chores while I curled up on the couch for a nap when he was already interrupting me. He was asking for permission to go #2. I smirked. My plan worked exactly. I knew he hadn't gone since first thing the day before, and I'd be feeding him plenty of laxatives. He knew he would never be allowed to use the toilet in my house, so he was asking to fill up his diaper!

I always like to give my sissy slave options. It seems to contradict my quest for total control, but these small choices allow him the illusion of a real life. For him, i let him know, he could fill his diaper right then and there. He would be required to finish his chores and then wear it all the way home where he could change into a clean diaper and spend the rest of his sunday relaxing at home. However, if he chose to poop now, I would push back his next allowed orgasm from Tuesday night, to sometime next weekend. Maybe Friday, maybe Saturday, maybe Sunday. Additionally, for stinking up my house, he would be forced to eat punishment food for the next week. 

His second option, was to finish up his chores, and leave. He could poop anytime after leaving my house. He could go home. I would give him a fresh clean diaper to carry home and change into. If he did that, he would keep his regularly scheduled next release for Tuesday night. He would cum on cam for me, in some as yet determined embarassing predicament. 

His third option, was to finish up his chores, and walk home. He could poop anytime after leaving my house. However, he would not be allowed to change his diaper until I gave permission sometime tomorrow morning. I would lock his current diaper on with number but breakable locks. Tomorrow morning he would have to get up, pickup a copy of the days paper and send me a picture with that and the unbroken lock. If he did that, I would let him change and clean himself and give him further instructions. If he did that, stayed in his dirty diaper overnight, i would let him cum tomorrow, 2 days early, in my presence. I told him his choices started now, and I went and put on the locking numbered clips onto his diaper. He would have to break them to remove them and I would know. 

I reminded him he could poop now and leave if it got too bad. I could see from his shaking legs that he was struggling. I encouraged him to get back to work, he still had a bathroom and a bedroom to clean, laundry, trash to take out etc... It was around 2pm. 

he got to work as i curled up on the couch and read a book. i saw him finish the guest bedroom, and when he was almost done in the guest bathroom, i walked in with a basket of all my nail polish (almost 200 shades!). I upended it on the floor. "Whoops!" I said "Please pick these up and organize them by color." I watched his face turn red, and could tell he was clinching tight. I turned and walked out. His face stayed that color as he finished the polish, then as he stood stoicly and hand washed all my panties, stockings, and bras, and hung them to dry on a rack in my bedroom. The laundry took a solid hour, and by now it was after 4. I watched him collect the trash. I was having some gal pals over for wine that night and wanted him out anyway, so I allowed him to don his sweats and take my trash on the way out.

�I wonder how long it was before he exploded into that diaper. I would take glee in the fact all night long that he was sitting in a soggy diaper. I didn't think for a second he would change out of it, he loved his orgasms, and the chance to do it in front of me was a first for him. Maybe I was being too generous to allow him to cum in my presence. I would have to devise a truly unique release to make it worthwhile. I entertained my friends, slept wonderfully, and awoke refreshed to check my phone. There is was, sent at 8:30am, a series of pictures of the paper, the intact locks, and one saggy soggy foul nappy. 










THE LOANER  A few weeks later I was having a girlfriend over for drinks after dinner one weeknight. She’d had a really rough day and was venting.
 "Don’t you ever just want to smack somebody" she said. Vikki was a dear friend. We had a lot in common. I knew from our chats that she was perverse and kinky in a similar fashion to me. We’d swapped stories, and she knew I had  someone under my thumb. In fact, she was the one who supplied my boys diet of cigarette butts. She was a bit bigger than me, a bit shorter, attributes that displayed themselves in her curves.  "I know what you mean. I might have just the thing for you." She didn’t believe me at first, but when I explained, she was curious. “Why not. Get his ass over here.” I called Slavey at home. He was working on his assignment for the week, which was to come up with a list of 200 ways he could be making me more money. I told him to drop what he was doing and come over right away. 30 minutes later, he arrived.   I introduced him to Vikki, making him strip in my living room. I showed her his teeny weeny peeny, his tight hole, his smooth skin (waxing and shaving are mandatory!). I showed off his new slim physique that a strictly controlled diet gave. He was not at all muscular, I wouldn’t let him work out. I wanted him weak. She was impressed.  I told him to stand up straight, and that Vikki needed to de-stress. I instructed him to be a good obedient little piggy, and hold his hands behind his back. He complied. Vikki eyed him from head to toe and uncorked an open palmed slap across his face that echoed in my living room. Sissy was stunned. Vikki stepped in and as sissy stood upright again, she hit him again across the face, followed by a quick backhand! Sissy groaned and Vikki stepped back. I was grinning ear to ear. As we looked at sissy, we could see tears forming in his eyes. Vikki pounced.  "Cry baby!" She grabbed him by his ear and twisted and he squealed like a little piggy and started crying harder. "Look at this fucking crybaby! Three slaps and bawling like a pansy ass bitch. What the hell! I’ve never seen anything so pathetic. What a fucking loser. I bet it was fun to beat you up in highschool, huh, you little pansy fag? You little crybaby?"   I stood up and got right in front of slavey. “Listen here bitch. I didn’t give you permission to cry. Now you’re going to stand up while my friend slaps your face or else your not gonna cum for 3 months. Understand me?” Slavey nodded and took a deep breath. Vikki looked at me and laughed. “Those were warm up slaps pansy. I’m gonna give you ten real ones. Lets see if I can’t make you cry again.” Vikki snarled.   She stepped back and began again, with force. She used only her dominant hand, leaving a mark on his face, turning it bright red. One at a time, the pansy sniffling and biting his lip for each one. By the time she reached ten he was bright as a tomato, but he held strong and didn’t cry. Vikki took a step back, “Phew, I needed that. What a way to take a load off.” I turned to slavey. “Say thank you to Vikki! You are lucky she would even look at filth like you.” Slave dropped to his knees and profusely thanked Vikki. In instructed slavey to stand in the corner (still naked) while Vikki and I regrouped and sipped our glasses of wine.   "Does he cry like a bitch like that when you spank him?" Vikki asked me.  "I don’t spank him much, or slap her. I don’t actually like to touch him at all. I have a riding crop I’ve used a few times, but that’s not really my thing." I replied "Oh really? Then why is his ass so red?" She asked. "Hahaha, oh man, that’s not from spanking, that must be his diaper rash!" I told her the whole story of last weekend, she was laughing so hard, all while he was standing there with his nose in the corner. "Wow. Well, I’m happy to volunteer to spank him if its not your thing. But I also wanna get you a cane. Those things are brutal, and you wouldn’t have to touch him at all. You really never touch him? no kicks to the balls?" "Nope, its not for me." I replied "He never licks your clit?" She asked, incredulous.  "Ew, gross, his nasty face in between my legs? no thanks." I was repulsed.  "Well then, I guess this bitch is overdue for a spanking." "Well by all means, have a go at him. Slavey get over here" I called. I excused myself to get a refill on my glass of wine. When I returned, Vikki had the sissy across her knee. I could hear sissy squealing and the echo of bare hands on bare skin behind. I stood and watched as she delivered spank after spank with her bare-hand on his bubble butt. He bit his lip and tried hard not to whine. After a flurry of spanks to each cheek, Vikki stopped and made sissy retreat back to kneel in the corner.  "What a release" She said. "He’s a decent bitch, what a cute little round ass too! I’d do some damage to that thing if I had my way!" "Why don’t you borrow him for a night?" I asked. "It might help boost your mood, and it would free me up some time, and it would be good for the slave too, to serve others. Plus he’s real good at chores- if you need any cleaning he can do that for you. Just make sure whatever you feed him is gross." I loved having these conversations right in front of the slave, speaking with the truth that he had no input whatsoever. We worked out an arrangement, that after the sissy finished his chores for me this Saturday, Vikki would pick him up at my place. He would spend the night at her place and then drop him back off at his place on Sunday night. She loved the idea, and we parted for the night with plans set.   The weekend went as usual. Slavey came with my groceries Friday night and cooked me dinner, and returned and spent the whole day Saturday cleaning my apartment. Around 5pm, Vikki rolled in, just in time to watch him as he finished scrubbing the shelves in the refrigerator. I had him performing completely naked, in his chastity belt. We chatted for a bit, and we decided to remove the sissies belt for the remainder of the weekend. He would need it removed before work on Monday, and plus, it would allow Vikki some fun play opportunities to have him free. I gently reminded him of the rules; no cumming, and ask permission to go to the bathroom. I told them to have fun, and send me lots of pictures!  It wasn’t more than a few hours that had gone by when I got the first picture via text, my bitches head, from above between Vikkis thighs. Hey, to each her own. A few more pics came in that night, a pic of the sissy’s back, bent over from above, with a strap on dildo penetrating his asshole. One of slavey on his knees again this time eating something from a bowl on the floor. And one of slaveys face covered in slutty bimbo makeup, deep purple eye shadow and shiny deep red lip gloss. Only 2 more came in on Sunday. One of the sissy bitch on his knees scrubbing a toilet, and another at the end of the afternoon. The last one was just an image of a purple, black, and blue butt, with deep red stripes across it. Delicious! I got a call from Vikki, thanking me again, later that night after she dropped off pansy back at his place. I asked her how it went.  "Oh god, we had so much fun! You have to let me borrow your slave again! That pansy eats pussy like a champ. I mean, he needed some encouragement, but he got the job DONE!" She had to run, but promised me we would catch up later in the week.   The next night, I got on cam with my sissy slave to ask him how it went. He seemed a bit shell shocked. He told me all about how as soon as he arrived, Vikki had him naked on all fours in front of her couch. She pulled her panties down and had him eat her out for almost an hour, when she dragged him by his hair to her bed, and sat on his face while he licked her asshole for another 30 minutes. Vikki is kind of a bbw, so I can only imagine slaveys face gasping for breath with his nose stuck in her butthole. She was chainsmoking the whole time. I was laughing so hard. I could tell slave was kind of embarrassed, but he did say he was very lucky that Vikki let him kiss her holy parts and that he thanked her profusely. he was bright red, and i made him tell me all about how much he enjoyed licking her asshole. he did, and he told me he was hard the whole time.   He told me that next they took a break for dinner. She let him dig through her kitchen trash can to find food, and he told me he wound up eating scraps, apple cores covered in dirt and coffee grounds and a stale pizza crust. Meanwhile she ate thai food delivery. After dinner, she brought him into her bathroom and taught him how to apply makeup, she applied foundation, eye shadow, mascara, lipstick, and lipgloss, and actually made him look like a pretty convincing bimbo! i pressed slavey about this, and he admitted he liked the way he looked and how it made him feel. since he liked it so much, i told him it could become a regular occurrence.   Once he was all dolled up, Vikki brought him into the bedroom and had him try on a few different dresses, skirts, panties. She made him model each one, turning, bending over, curtseying, blowing kisses. Ugh, next time I would demand more pictures! videos! She then made him get on his knees and wait with his eyes closed for a few minutes, kneeling at the edge of the bed. When she returned and allowed him to open his eyes, she was wearing a purple strapon.   Slavey told me all about how she violated him with that strapon that night. First, making him beg to lick and suck. Then bending him over and gently popping his cherry. what he described went beyond an innocent fucking. this poor sissy lost his virginity and then some! she started him out doggy style, with copious amounts of lube and her fingers before slowly guiding the strap-on in. she worked it in slowly and surely until she had a good rhythm going, grabbing his hips and pulling him back onto her. she made him squeal and beg and squirm and finally moan, until she flipped him over on his back, thrust his legs over her shoulders and continued on. in this position she began playing with his teeny uncaged clitty and he began to get hard. she teased him expertly as he begged her to stop so he wouldn’t come! I was beaming with pride! what delightful agony he must have been in. abstaining from cumming, but i just know he enjoyed the probing of the strapon. he admitted as much.   that night, Vikki let him sleep on the floor at the foot of her bed. the next morning, she made him pour rice crispies in a doggy bowl, and pissed all over it, and made him eat it on his hands and knees for breakfast. whereas the previous night had been almost all sex, oral, strapon, dress-up, he described the morning as nothing but brutal beatings. she made him wait, leaning, naked, touching his toes for almost an hour while she got dressed and had coffee. she told him how deprived he was that i did not spank him, and was going to give him an education in barehand, paddles, crops, tails, and tawses. with rulers and spoons and hairbrushes and slippers. and he was going to count and thank her.   and she did just that. unloading on his ass and turning it all shades of black and red and blue and purple. he described how she lectured him on the pros and cons of each device, making him count and thank her after each stroke, and making him give his analysis of each device after. he learned to fear the cane and appreciate the hairbrush. and he learned what happened when vikki pulled his little balls back between his cheeks and unloaded on them! it was only then that he showed me his bruised and swollen balls! she had whipped them during the spankings, and finished the morning by ballbusting him with her barefeet and knees! while he held his hands behind his head, she kicked away. each time he fell down, tears rolling down his cheeks, she yelled and made him get back up. the final indignity came when she put her cigarettes out on his dick and balls.   i could not believe how bad his balls looked, and i could not believe he would tolerate such pain simply because i asked him to obey her. so i asked him, and he confessed at a certain level to enjoying the pain, but mostly that he did not want to disappoint me by disappointing my friend. i knew i had him wrapped around my finger, but now i knew he was gone beyond retrieval. i licked my lips cautiously, wet at where this new-found power could take me. but also frightened of what my dear friend vikki was capable of, and how much further she could have gone.   he told me spent the last part of the afternoon massaging vikki’s feet and calves while she watched tv on the couch. occasionally licking between her toes and ashing her cigarettes in his mouth.   i was stunned, and taken aback. i asked slavey if he would do it all again, given the choice. and after a deep breath and a thought, he confessed that he would. i smiled, and simply said “good.”




Review This Story
 || Email Author:   pmsmikeslave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





