BDSM Library - Tam\'s Trip




Tam\'s Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A trip to the sex shop







".So,why do you want me to drive to the porn shop with you,and buy sextoys?"
" No,not quite,WE drive to the shop and You buy me the sextoys,which I will pay for."
She sipped her drink as he thought over what she had said.
"Why can't you drive there?"
"I want you to embaress me in the store.Okay?"
He smiled,leaned back and grinned.
"Embaress or humiliate?"
"Humiliate,please."
"When?"
"As soon as you can."
He rose and took her hand pulling her out of her seat.
"Right now,but we don't start till we get to your place."
They left the club and left in her car.Fifteen minutes and they arrived at her place.He open her door and and walked to the door. Inside he removed her coat.
"Last chance to back out."
She shook her head.
"Bedroom,now"
"What?Why?"
"You want to be humiliated,so you will dress as I want."
She lowered her head and walked to her bedroom.Once there he looked through her closet as she quietly waits.He pulled out a white,long blouse.He held it up to her,then handed it to her.
"Go to the bathroom.Take off all your colthes.Do up your makeup and put this,only this,on."
She went to the bathroom and did as she was told.She redid her lips to a bright red,so more eyeshadow and liner.She picked up her favorite perfume and was about to apply a bit when she stopped,She slipped her right hand down to her pussy.Her index finger slide along her pussy.She then rubbed her finger on her neck.She buttoned the shirt as she returned to the bedroom.He was leaning against the dresser.
"Now,do what I tell you,or I leave."
She nodded.
"Good,get dressed."
He left and she moved to the bed.Her tall black boots were there.Black stockings and a garter,her only one,belt,and a lacy,low cut bra.She dressed swiftly and went to her frontroom.He was sitting on the couch.
"Very nice."
He then rose and walked right up and onbuttoned all but the lowest button on the blouse.From her purse he removed the money and tucked it down the bra past her nipple.
"Lets go."
He held the door open and escorted her to her car.Before he opened the door he quickly grabbed her hands and handcuffed her hands behind her.She quickly sat in the car and he buckled her in.
"Open your legs,wide."
She did as he said and shivered.He got in and started the car.
"I think we'll go the backroads."
He pulled out and made his way to the darker roads.She could only sit there as he played with her pussy.He covered his fingers with her pussy juice and licked it off.
"Tasty,amazing how wet you are.If this as a sign how much this turns you on,there going to be a cunt honey glaze down to your shoes tonight."
He again played with her pussy,covered his fingers in cunt honey and let her clean it off.She sucked the fingers one by one,just like she would suck his cock later.Over and over he feed her the honey.
"We're here."
Inside he grabbed a basket and had her hold it.She hunched her shoulders to keep her shirt closed.
"Stand up straight or the blouse comes off,slut."
She blushed and stood up.He leaned close and kissed her.
"Humiliation,"he whispered,"enjoy."
He turned back and walked down the aisle.
"First,something for your mouth."
She stood by him as he looked over the display.
"Ball,ring or cock?"
She lowered her head.
"What ever you believe is best,Sir."
"Well,lets combine two and get this ring gag with the cock attachment."
He held the gag up to her mouth with his right hand as his left went down to her pussy.She clinged as he flicked her clit.He dropped the package in the basket and turned away from her.
"Now,for your pussy."
She composed herself and followded him.
"Let's see.Something simple,lifelike or high tech?"
She was squeezing her thighs as he looked at the dildoes and at her.She wanted to say something,but what,and how.
"Perfect.Remote control and totally insertable."
He showed her the package.It was an egg shaped object.She moved up to him and kissed him.
"Yes,Yes,Yes."
He reached around,dropped it in the basket,and then held her tight to him.Again she kissed him,wanting him to know how horny she was.
"Now,let's find something for your ass."
At the section with the ass plugs he again was just looking over the items.
"Do you get one for special times,or two,one for special times and another for everday?"
"Two,and an inflatable one as well,please."
He found an inflatable,and one for everyday.The special one he hid from her.He then found a set of nipple clamps and a leash.At the counter the cashier was all smiles as he totalled up the purchase.
"Like to have battries put in the egg and the control,to be sure it works."
As the cleck did the check he opened the special plug and showed her the long tail that hung from it.
"Egg is working fine.Will that be cash or charge?"
He smilled and open her blouse.She took a quick breath as he pulled the lacy cup covering her right tit down till her nipple then the money was visible.He took the money,but left the cup down,her nipple exposed and her tit on display.He paid,then open the box with her special butt plug .It wasn't the plug that surprised her was how long the tail that was attached to it.
"Turn around and bend over."
She spun around,bent over and arched her back.He used her cunt honey to lube the plug.She gasped as the plug was slowwly pushed into her ass.She could almost hear the snap of her anal ring as it opened and then tightened around the plug.She looked between her legs and saw the tail dropped toward the floor.
"Stand up,turn around."
She straightened up and spun around.He had the egg in his hand.
"Lift you leg."
Without thinking she lifted her leg so her pussy would be opened for him.He reached down and slowly pushed the egg up into her pussy.She panted as the egg went deeper in until she felt it on her G-spot.She sucked his fingers clean,enjoying the look on the clerks face.
"Go down the aisle,Let's see how the tail looks."
She strutted down the aisle.The tail was swishing back and forth and the plug in her ass felt so good.At the end she turned around and saw him raise the remote and click it.The egg felt like it exploded and she almost fell.Gasping for breath she strutted back to him.He lowered the vibration as she got closer,but never turned it off.She smiled and shook her tit.He uncovered her left tit and tucked the coins in under her nipple,then put the bills under her right nipple.Now both of her tits were exposed.He opened the nipple clamps and slowly placed them on her rock hard nipples.He then attached the leash to the chain connecting them.She could fell her pussy gushing cunt honey down her thights as the clerk licked his lips.They left and he helped her into the chair.She gasped as the plug went deeper in her ass.He belted her in and undid the last button and opened the blouse so her bald cunt was on display.He tapped her clit then shut the door.
"If the seatbelt law didn't exist,i'd have you sucking me off all the way back."
He started the car and as he pulled out he played with the remote.
"Please,let me cum!OH GOD STOP IT !I WANT TO CUM!"
He played with the control the entire trip back.

'








Review This Story
 || Email Author:     Sir Readrer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





