BDSM Library - Kate Abducted 




Kate Abducted 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Down on her luck, Kate gets some life coaching which turns her life around, but not as she had expected.






Kate Abducted - Part 1
======================

"Kate you're fired!" yelled a voice across the call centre startling Kate who'd just slipped back into the room after a slightly longer than allowed cigarette break.

"But Steve!" she exclaimed, shuffling towards her desk, "It makes my voice more sexy."

"That's the fourth break you've had this morning, three too many!&nbsp; You're out!" he shouted, striding angrily across the room and blocking Sarah's path.

Kate surveyed the room for allies but saw only the other operators chatting on headsets while keeping their heads down so not to be noticed.&nbsp; Deflated and with a slight tear in her eye Kate took off her badge and tossed it at Steve before turning and slinking back out through the door she'd only just entered.

That was the end of Kate's fifth job in the three years since she left school.&nbsp; Never doing well academically and being quite shy, Kate had left school at the first opportunity and much to the disapproval of her foster parents.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kate struggled to find work after that, but then got a job in a call centre doing tele-sales for conservatories and double glazing.&nbsp; On a good day she might have made one sale and earn a bit more money on commission, but generally the job required putting up with a torrent of abuse and being told to fuck off routinely by people not wanting to be interrupted.&nbsp; After that job fell through, Kate eventually and reluctantly took work as a phone sex operator.&nbsp; The money was good, and initially she just read a script with her husky voice, trying to ignore the 'clients' jacking off on the other end of the line.&nbsp; Gradually she numbed to the filth she was reading and got more creative and proficient at the job and was able to keep clients on the line for longer, earning her an extra few pennies each minute.&nbsp; The job was utter filth, both coming from the clients and in what she'd to say or repeat back to them, describing herself in intimate detail and acting either submissive, dominant, young or old depending on the callers tastes and which number they came through on.

For Kate the money from this job was better than anything she'd earned before and working mainly nights, she was able to get a part time job at a supermarket and was just able to cover the rent on a bedsit flat in a tower block at the edge of town.&nbsp; Moving out from her foster parents had felt odd, but they seemed keen for her to go, feeling their work was done and not wanting any more problems from their low achieving adopted daughter.

It took Kate about ten minutes to walk back to her tiny bedsit from the call centre, getting through the door and slumped on a stool at the breakfast bar, holding her head in her hands.&nbsp; Sobbing a little she took a pack of cigarettes from her handbag and lit up before spreading open the local paper out in front of her on the counter and starting the search for a new job.&nbsp; Without a computer or smart phone job listings were how she'd found most of her work, and looking up and down the columns of text she recognised a number of roles she'd called up about in the past, but not had any luck on.&nbsp; The small box out advert for life coaching with it's weird swirly text and logo was still there, and puffing deeply on her cigarette she started to wonder if that was the only thing on the page she hadn't tried.

A couple of days working only in the super market make Kate anxious, and her evenings were spent mainly searching for jobs.&nbsp; The rent on her bedsit was coming around and while she had just about enough money to cover that month, Kate didn't know what she'd do after that.&nbsp; Many of jobs she'd called up had knocked her back already, and she didn't have the qualifications needed for any of the better paid jobs.&nbsp; Cigarette in hand, she finally called the life coaching number.

"Dan here!" answered a slightly immature sounding voice.

"Erm, Hi, I'm Kate, I called about the coaching you offer?" enquired Kate, wondering if it had already been a mistake.

"Yes, that's me.&nbsp; How can I help?"

"Well, I'm trying to find a job, but haven't had much luck.&nbsp; I was wondering if you have some advice?&nbsp; And do you charge for this?"&nbsp; The ad in the paper mentioned nothing about a price, but Kate was smart enough to know that there would be a catch somewhere.

"Okay, I can help with that.&nbsp; First, there's no charge you'll be pleased to know, I just do this as a sort of charity.&nbsp; Now, what sort of job are you looking for, what have you done in the past?"

Kate ended up talking with Dan for about forty minutes, explaining most of her life story to him as he asked more and more questions about her previous jobs, experience, schooling and parents.&nbsp; Hopeful that he would have some magic to fix her situation, Kate just kept answering the questions in more and more detail.&nbsp; She wasn't even sure she should be telling the stranger quite so much, but she just kept on, hoping for some pearl of wisdom.

"So did you enjoy your last job?" Dan asked about the phone sex line work.

"It wasn't so bad in the end, once I got used to it..." offered Kate, "but I hated the boss."

"Right then, Kate.&nbsp; I think I can help you.&nbsp; Firstly I detect a confidence issue, and I think that's coupled with an addictive personality which is being negatively expressed, at least in part through your smoking.&nbsp; We need you to take control of your life fully, and if you are happy with this, as a first step I would like to come to your flat and perform some hypnotherapy to deal with the cigarette addiction.&nbsp; Is that okay?"

"Urm, sure" she nervously replied, "but it's a bit of a mess here."

"Okay - we can address that too, I'll be around tomorrow night at 8pm"


Kate didn't know if she was doing the right or wrong thing inviting Dan over, but he sounded trustworthy on the phone and had listened patiently to her like no one else had done in recent times and his effeminate voice was far from threatening, though not particularly wise sounding.

At 8pm the following Day, the door buzzer rang and Kate let Dan into her flat.&nbsp; Immediately she was stuck by his good looks, his square jaw and while not well built, he clearly worked out.&nbsp; Oddly Kate was surprised that Dan looked so young, perhaps a year or so younger than herself and she looked him up and down as he stood smartly dressed in a suit.&nbsp; Shaking hands in a warm but business like approach to greeting Kate, Dan immediately started gaining Kate's trust.

Dan himself was surprised by Kate - he knew her back story from before but hadn't asked about her looks and was taken a back by the pretty brunette with hazel eyes, slightly freckled cheeks and a cute button nose.&nbsp; Entering the bedsit Dan paused for a second, first looking around the messy room, then back at Kate.&nbsp; At 5'2" her slightly plump figure made her look somewhat voluptuous and a bit curvy even beneath the dowdy sweater she was wearing.

Dan smiled into Kate's eyes, "Okay Kate, is it okay if I sit here, and you there?" he offered, directing himself to the stool at the breakfast bar.

"Erm, sure." said Kate, sitting gingerly on the edge of her futon bed, much lower than Dan, but accepting that there was no where else for them to sit in the room.

"Okay Kate.&nbsp; Thanks for inviting me around.&nbsp; As you know you don't have to pay me for this service, but if at the end you find it useful, you can donate anything you like to me, okay?"

Kate nodded.

"So, I'm going to hypnotise you to treat your cigarette addiction, is that okay?"

"I guess so, you know what you are doing, right?" asked Kate hesitantly.

"Oh yes Kate, very much so.&nbsp; Now, have you been hypnotised before?"

"No, not before," confirmed Kate.

"Okay, if you lay back and close your eyes, I'll get started."


After almost fifteen minutes of talking Kate into relaxing, Dan had Kate hypnotised, laying peacefully out on her bed.&nbsp; He looked at his watch, and thought that was pretty quick for the first time.

"Kate, listen to my voice and I will help you.&nbsp; I will always help you, and you shall believe what I say.&nbsp; You will trust me, you will honour me, and you shall perform my will and follow my command.&nbsp; Do you understand me Kate?"

"Yes" replied Kate lazily.

"I shall be the master of your life, and you will ask me and only me for advice.&nbsp; I am the only one with advice for you Kate, and my advice is the only good advice.&nbsp; You shall seek my advice and follow it always.&nbsp; Do you understand me Kate?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

"You no longer want to smoke.&nbsp; The cravings you feel are for chocolate bars, not cigarettes.&nbsp; You have been brainwashed by the cigarette companies, but I am undoing that.&nbsp; You desire chocolate bars instead,"&nbsp; started Dan, "eating chocolate will make you feel full and happy, and it is cheaper than smoking.&nbsp; No more will you carry cigarettes in your bag or keep them in the house, instead you will carry chocolate bars and eat them instead of smoking. Do you understand me Kate?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

"I will now place a small silver anklet on your left ankle.&nbsp; This will protect you and bring you prosperity.&nbsp; You will not remember me placing it on you, and will wear it always, and will never question it's presence.&nbsp; You know only that it gives you good luck and will never try to remove it, you will accept it being there as though it is natural and always should have been there.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

Dan pulled a small silver anklet from his inside jacket pocket and knelt at the bottom of Kate's futon as he raised the leg of her tracksuit a little and proceeded to fasten the anklet around her left ankle.&nbsp; "I will now leave.&nbsp; You will not remember being hypnotised, but will remember and act upon everything I have said.&nbsp; In one weeks time you will feel the urge to call me again, and I will still be here for you.&nbsp; I am always looking after you."&nbsp; Dan held his hand on Kate's shoulder firmly as he said this, continuing "When you hear the door close, you will wake up, not remembering being hypnotised, but acting on my every word."

With that Dan walked briskly out of Kate's flat and slammed the door shut with a bang before sneaking down the hallway and away.

Kate woke with a start, a little confused looking around the room to verify that she was on her own, wondering what had just happened.&nbsp; Cautiously getting up Kate slinked over to the breakfast bar and looked at the time - it was now almost ten pm and she'd need to sleep soon, but first she wanted something and seeing the ashtray on the table felt a sudden urge for chocolate!

"Damn, out of chocolate again!" Kate thought to herself as she grabbed her keys and bag before heading out to the local petrol station.

...

Almost a week had passed since Kate had lost her job but she wasn't worrying about that any more.&nbsp; In fact she wasn't worrying about much, hadn't smoked once all week, and hadn't even thought about cigarettes or even needing smoking.&nbsp; However, unfortunately for Kate, her newly programmed chocolate addiction was taking over instead.&nbsp; Where she'd previously smoked about 10 a day, she was now eating that many chocolate bars, even a few more and was now putting on pounds of fat.

Remembering her previous long chat with Dan on the phone, she called him again with her problem.

"Hi Dan, it's Kate"

"Hi Kate!&nbsp; How the smoking?"

"Er, fine, but..."

"So it worked?" said Dan encouragingly in a soft effeminate tone.

"Yes, but now I'm eating a lot of snacks," Kate said almost blushing.

"I see.&nbsp; What sort of snacks?"

"Just chocolate bars, erm, instead of the smoking.&nbsp; Is there any more advice?" asked Kate hopefully.

In secret Dan could barely contain his excitement.&nbsp; At least two of his suggestions had worked perfectly; he'd changed her craving for cigarettes into a craving for chocolate, and she'd also phoned him after a week for more advice.

"Certainly, shall I come over tomorrow at 8pm?"

"Okay, please do" asked Kate eagerly.


The next day, at exactly 8pm Dan arrived at Kate's bedsit as he had before.&nbsp; Dressed smartly in a similar suit, he also bought a holdall with him this time.

"Hi Kate," he said, entering the bedsit and sitting at the breakfast bar before Kate had even asked him in.&nbsp; Kate closed the door behind him and reclined on her futon as she had before, her eyes following Dan with interest as he settled.&nbsp; "You look to have put on weight, that can happen when you quit smoking.&nbsp; I've dealt with it before." said Dan bluntly and slightly sympathetically.

"Well yes, it's great I've quit, but Dan, I can't stop eating chocolate, can you help me, please?" asked Kate, looking helplessly up at Dan, as though he was the only one that could help.&nbsp; Dan blinked twice wondering if she was still hypnotised, thinking how suggestible and compliant Kate seemed, even when not in a trance.

"Yes I will, but I'm going to have to hypnotise you Kate, and things are going to have to be a little bit different.&nbsp; Have you been hypnotised before?"

"Err, I don't think so."

"Good.&nbsp; Now Kate, do you believe in God?"

"Well, not a God, but something must have put us here, I suppose?" Kate offered philosophically.

"Right, well let me begin.&nbsp; If you will lay back on your bed and relax...."


Dan took 20 minutes hypnotising Kate into a deep trance, following his normal routine, slowly and repeatedly taking Kate to the most suggestible state he could.&nbsp; Finally when Kate was relaxed, Dan started to speak with her subconsciousness.

"Kate, are you wearing you anklet?" he asked softly.

"Yes" responded Kate without emotion.

"For how long have you worn it any why?" asked Dan again.

"It protects me, I've have worn it forever."

Dan was elated, noting that his prior suggestions had held, as he verified that Kate was indeed still wearing the anklet on her left ankle.

"Kate, you will continue to wear anklets as you always have done, and also one I am about to give you for your other ankle.&nbsp; Together these will protect you and you will accept them.&nbsp; You will never try to remove them and will think they are natural and have always been there."

Reaching into his pocket, Dan took out two heavier silver anklets, each adorned with a couple of dangling ornaments.&nbsp; Their design was simple with a small circle surrounded by outward crosses, and the whole thing was a slightly larger version of the one anklet Kate was already wearing but with sturdier chain.&nbsp; Gently and carefully Dan affixed the new anklets around each of Kate's ankles before fastening and crushing the clasps with a pair of pliers to ensure they couldn't easily be removed.&nbsp; Using the side-cutter, Dan then cut off the original and much daintier anklet he had given Kate the previous week.

"Kate, I am going to put some items in your bedsit.&nbsp; They will be marked with a special symbol which means they belong to the Gods and I do this for the Gods.&nbsp; This will let the Gods watch you, protect you, help you.&nbsp; The Gods will judge and guide you and help you in your life.&nbsp; These are for your benefit, and you will not interfere with anything marked with this symbol, it will not concern you.&nbsp; You will accept these things, as if they have always been there, they protect you.&nbsp; The help you.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

"The Gods have also granted you some magic items.&nbsp; You will look after these and use them whenever you need.&nbsp; You will accept that these are gifts from the Gods and that they have magical powers too advanced for humans to understand.&nbsp; You will not question how they work, but just believe that they do.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

"These gifts are marked with the opposite symbol.&nbsp; Anything with this symbol is from the Gods and is to be revered.&nbsp; Anything with this symbol is magical and powerful.&nbsp; Anything with this symbol is good for you and will help you.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

Dan looked around the bedsit before continuing, "The first item is a magic cloak.&nbsp; You will find it in a packet under your pillow.&nbsp; When you see this, you will want to wear it since it is a gift from the Gods.&nbsp; This magic cloak must be worn without anything else, and when you put it on you will not be allowed by the Gods to remove it until you have cleaned your bedsit for at least 4 hours.&nbsp; Only after 4 hours of cleaning will the Gods want you to remove the cloak, and then, when your bedsit is not clean and tidy, you will be drawn to wear the cloak again.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

"The next item is a magic bowl.&nbsp; It has been put here on the floor for you by the Gods where it must remain.&nbsp; It's magic is only effective on the floor because that is where the Gods have placed it.&nbsp; You cannot touch it with your hands, but anything you eat from it will taste delicious and will not make you fat.&nbsp; This is kind magic from the Gods and it will help you to lose weight.&nbsp; You will want to eat anything you find in the bowl and will not eat from anything else.&nbsp; Food from this will also make you desirable to the Gods and will make you proud of your body.&nbsp; However, this magic will only work when you are not wearing anything.&nbsp; Any clothing of any sort will interfere with the God's magic on this bowl, so you will be naked when eating from it.&nbsp; You accept that this because it is magic from the Gods, and will eat and drink only when naked, when you can use the God's bowl.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

"Good.&nbsp; There is another magic box besides your bed.&nbsp; This one belongs to the Gods and is marked with their symbol.&nbsp; You will not touch it at all, and will not notice it.&nbsp; This box means nothing to you, and is of no interest.&nbsp; Do you understand?"

"Yes" replied Kate.

Dan was getting really excited by his apparent success and took an iPod and headphones from his holdall.&nbsp; Placing the headphones firmly over Kate ears, Dan started it playing a track with further instructions and reinforcement of the 'Gods'.&nbsp; Kate looked to be taking in the instruction and Dan couldn't believe this was working so well.&nbsp; With a hand firmly on Kate's shoulder he pushed her gently, confirming the depth of her trance before standing up and calmly opening his hold-all a little wider to pull out more booty.&nbsp; From there he took a cellophane packet containing some sort of dress and slid it under Kate's pillow before pulling out a large steel dog-bowl marked with the word 'PIG'.&nbsp; Dan placed the bowl on the floor in the middle of the room, looking towards the corners of the ceiling to evaluate where he might place cameras and what view they would get.&nbsp; Making up his mind, Dan used some dabs of super-glue to stick the bowl in position before heading to the tiny shower-room/bathroom at the back of the bedsit flat.&nbsp; There he stuck a tiny wireless camera in one corner of the room, and pointed it to the shower before placing another camera in the opposite corner of the room and facing it at the toilet.&nbsp; Dan took out a sheet of stickers, each one a small circle surrounded by outward arrows, looking a little like a male gender symbol but with many arrowheads and the inverse gender of the symbol on Kate's anklets.&nbsp; He stuck a sticker on each camera before returning to the dog bowl and sticking one on each of its sides.

Finally Dan stuck a sticker on the handle to the refrigerator before glancing back at Kate who was still lying peacefully on her bed and listening to his iPod.&nbsp; Dan took no time installing four wireless cameras in the top corners of the main room of the bedsit, adorning them similarly with a magic sticker and he could feel a tingle in his cock as he installed the last of the cameras under the book case, behind where he hoped Kate would feed from the bowl.&nbsp; Using his smart phone, Dan checked each of the cameras was working correctly, watching himself wonder around the room in the screen and making adjustments.

Dan finished and looked at his watch.&nbsp; Using adhesive tabs and super glue, he'd set up the flat in just eight minutes and had clear pictures from the subtle corner cameras streaming video wirelessly to his phone via the Internet.

Dan knew the length of the iPod track and still had another six or so minutes remaining.&nbsp; Casually he unwrapped five large chocolate bars and dropped them into the dog bowl, tossing the wrappers around the room.&nbsp; Next he placed a small blue locked postbox on Kate's bedside table and affixed stickers to that before taking £200 from his wallet in £20 notes.&nbsp; Each one had been stamped with the God's gift symbol and he pushed them into Kate's palm, gently pressing her hand closed around them as she lay quietly breathing on the bed.

Dan hesitated a second, wondering if he was progressing too fast or if the iPod was giving Kate too many instructions, or if it would work.&nbsp; Looking at the iPod, he waited for the track to finish before removing her headphones and re-iterating some of the more important points.

"Kate, the last and very important instruction is that you must not leave your bedsit.&nbsp; The anklets you are wearing will not protect you outside of your flat and more importantly the Gods may visit you from time to time and you must be waiting for them.&nbsp; They will knock at the door and will wear a magic symbol similar to the one on your anklet.&nbsp; When you see them, you will feel compelled to invite them into your flat, into your bed, into your body.&nbsp; You will look after your Gods and do anything for them, anything they request.&nbsp; You will see the Gods with the respect they deserve but never make eye contact, never look them in the face.&nbsp; Instead you will close your eyes or look at their feet, not needing to see them as you know that they are powerful, strong and handsome creatures who will want to use your body and you will want them to use you.&nbsp; You will allow them to stay as long as they want and do whatever they want, and when they decide to leave, you will thank them."

Dan paused wondering if he had missed anything.&nbsp; "Oh, and you will let the Gods do whatever you they want both to you, your flat and possessions.&nbsp; These are your Gods who look after you and you will accept and enjoy their will, whatever that maybe."

Looking around the room, Dan was satisfied that he'd done enough and hopefully his track on the iPod would have done the rest.&nbsp; "Kate, you will wake up when you hear the door slam shut and not remember being hypnotised but will remember and obey everything I have said, and will wait for the Gods to visit without leaving your bedsit.&nbsp; In your hand is a gift from the Gods, spend it on rent only."

Dan snuck out of the room with his holdall, slamming the door loudly behind him.&nbsp; As soon as he was on the street he got his cellphone out and with one eye over his shoulder, Dan watched the feeds from Kate's room as he walked briskly home.

...

Kate woke up with a start, finding herself laid flat on her back on her futon bed and felling a little disorientated.&nbsp; Slowly sitting up, Kate noticed the cash in her hand before seeing the bowl of chocolate bars in the centre of her room.&nbsp; Carefully placing the cash on her bedside table, Kate felt a strong hunger for chocolate and started to salivate.&nbsp; Glancing at the clock she noted it was now just coming up to 10 pm, and while she knew she it was bad to snack before bed, Kate felt compelled to eat from the bowl, like it was her duty to satisfy her hunger.&nbsp; Almost immediately she took off her sweater and T-shirt as she approached the large bowl of chocolate, which shone deliciously in her eyes.&nbsp; Kate kicked off her socks and unbuttoned her jeans, slipping them off before she was stood in her bra and knickers in front of the bowl.&nbsp; After a short hesitation, Kate closed her eyes and pulled off her panties and bra before putting her hands together and while standing naked in front of the bowl, and with her her tits, belly and ass hanging out, she made a short prayer.&nbsp; Once done, Kate carefully lowered herself to the ground until she was on all fours, and with her pussy pointing directly at Dan's bookcase camera, she stuck her face into the 'PIG' bowl and started gorging herself on the chocolate, her tits and belly swinging beneath her as her ass wobbled.&nbsp; Using only her mouth, Kate ate noisily, making a mess as chocolate smeared around her lips and cheeks.&nbsp; Kate did not slow down as she gobbled into the bottom bowl and when on occasion some chocolate would be pushed from her bowl and scattered onto the wooden floor, only then would she use her hand to drop it back into the receptacle provided by the Gods, after which gobbled the food down as though she were ravenous.

Only minutes later and having finished licking the bowl clean, Kate finally crawled - quite literally - into bed and switched off the lights.&nbsp; There she lay naked under her duvet trying to sleep, but having eaten so much chocolate she found herself full of energy and not able to sleep.&nbsp; Frustrated Kate grabbed the pillow and wrapped it around her head as though trying to force herself to sleep, and it was then that she found the cellophane packet Dan had left.&nbsp; Sitting bolt upright, Kate flicked on her bedside table lamp before grabbing the packet and tearing it open, shaking out the garments contained within and spilling a short frilly French maid's outfit onto the duvet in front of her together with two crumpled fishnet stockings.&nbsp; The dress was sheer with white trim, under-wiring and a small apron at the front, and to Kate it looked massive.&nbsp; Instinctively checking the label Kate saw it was hand wash only and a size 18, but she was only a 12, and perhaps only a little more than a 10 just weeks ago when
she was still smoking.

Rolling out of bed Kate stood up and made another small prayer before slipping the loose dress over her head and tying the halter neck loop behind her head.&nbsp; Only now did she notice how short the dress was, and wondered if it was missing a skirt or something as it barely covered her ass or furry pussy, no matter how she tried to pull and adjust it's flimsy sheer fabric.&nbsp; Reaching around behind her back, Kate struggled to tie together the cords which held the costumes vast under-wired cups under her fat tits, but finally she made it and proceeded to slip on the fishnet stockings.

Dan was watching the cameras from his house and switching the cameras to low light mode, smiled to himself as he watched Kate stood in the French-maid's outfit and stockings making a prayer.&nbsp; "Go on..." willed Dan, watching for Kate's next move.&nbsp; Moments later and prayer complete, Kate sprung into action and donned some rubber gloves and started washing up at her small sink in the kitchenette area of her bed sit.&nbsp; "Oh Kate!" exclaimed Dan as he watched her washing furiously at the sink.&nbsp; Feeling victorious, Dan flicked off the screen and rolled into bed himself.

...

Kate had spent over four hours cleaning that night, before she'd finally taken off her maid's outfit and stockings, put on a large old T-shirt and surrendered her body to bed.&nbsp; It was almost midday and she was still dozing, feeling exhausted but a bit better for her now much tidier bedsit.

Just slightly hungry, Kate was just about to get up out of bed when a loud knock came to the door, startling her.&nbsp; She felt both strangely nervous and excited, and still wearing just her T-shirt, jumped up and opened her front door to poke her head out of the gap.

All of a sudden Kate jumped backwards as the door flung open, and she tumbled onto her ass with her legs crudely splayed.&nbsp; Stood before her was a tall figure in a long dark trench coat with a long pale elongated head and wearing a large silver medallion.&nbsp; Kate instantly recognised the medallion's design and scrabbled to a kneeling position, averting her gaze to the figure's boots.

Making barely a noise, the figure stepped into the bedsit and quietly closed the door behind itself, before stopping in front of Kate, standing towering over her.&nbsp; Kate was now kneeling in a prayer position with her eyes closed and head bowed as the figure carefully stepped around her and to the centre of the room.&nbsp; Now stood behind Kate, the alien nonchalantly opened it's trench coat and took some large chocolate bars from an inside pocket and dropped them into Kate's bowl before taking to a stool on the breakfast bar.

"Eat!" came a strangely digitised voice.

Almost immediately Kate span around and shuffled on her knees to the bowl in the centre of the room, and pausing to rip off her T-shirt, she plunged her face into the pile of chocolate bars which had been deposited there by the visitor.&nbsp; On sat at the breakfast bar, and looking down on Kate, the guest pulled out a camera phone and started taking pictures, the synthetic shutter sound alerting Kate to what was happening, but seemingly not bothering her.&nbsp; As Kate continued to feed, the figure stood up and got closer to Kate, taking pictures more closely of her face buried deep in the pile of chocolate bars before moving to her side and then finally crouching low behind her, taking pictures of her fat ass and what could be glimpsed of her hairy cunt underneath.&nbsp; Seemingly satisfied with the pictures taken, the figure then stood up straight, towering over Kate who was still eating ravenously from her bowl.

"You should shave your cunt bald.&nbsp; You will shave your whole body from your neck down every day.&nbsp; We do not like any hair!" came the digitised voice flatly as the figure pressed one of it's boots into the back of Kate's neck, forcing her face painfully into the bowl.&nbsp; "Got it?"

Kate was almost suffocating in chocolate as the foot pressed even harder.&nbsp; "Yes, my God!" she whispered from the side of her mouth tensely.

Seemingly satisfied, the figure relented and released his boot, "Eat!"

Kate needed no prompting and was already enthusiastically lapping at the chocolate in the bowl as the figure walked over to her bed and sat on it's edge with legs outstretched, watching Kate feed.&nbsp; The figure was rubbing his crotch, and by the time Kate had finished licking her bowl clean, her guest had pulled his trousers down and was reclining on the bed with his erect cock and hairless balls exposed.&nbsp; "Now, crawl over here and suck me off!" came the next instruction.

Kate had barely finished her meal and still with chocolate stuck around her lips, she crawled with her head hung low towards the figure reclined on the bed.&nbsp; Crawling up between his legs, Kate was careful not to make eye contact with the creature as she opened her mouth and lowered her pretty face onto the huge cock before tightly closing her chocolate covered lips around the shaft and sucking hard.&nbsp; Bobbing her head up and down, Kate worked on her visitor, using one of the few things she'd learnt at school and copying what she'd seen on the Internet, trying to bring the visitor off quickly.&nbsp; Initially her guest barely moved, only taking more pictures with his camera has Kate worked her hardest.&nbsp; Soon however she could taste pre-cum in her mouth, its salty bitterness a stark contrast to the sweet chocolates she'd just been scoffing.&nbsp; Suddenly the guy grabbed her head with his hand and pushed his cock deep into Kate's throat just as he spurted globs of cum, almost choking her.&nbsp; Kate tried to push away with her hands but he was far too powerful for her and held her there until his orgasm had finished, finally letting her free.&nbsp; Gasping for air and coughing, Kate glanced up at the figure, only to receive a sudden and harsh slap across the face.

"Never look at your God!" exclaimed the figure as he pushed Kate roughly off himself and onto the floor.

Kate lay motionless with tears in her eyes as the figure stood and buttoned up his trousers.&nbsp; He paused for a moment and took a chalk marker from his pocket before scrawling 'BJ', 'Cunt' and 'Ass' and drawing some dividing lines on the wall above the head of her bed.&nbsp; Crudely he drew a circle with eight outward arrows above his chart, then placed a dash under 'BJ' and set the marker down on the box Dan had left previously on Kate's bedside table.

The figure opened the door to Kate's bedsit and was just about to step out when he turned and looked back at Kate who was curled up on the floor and paused."

"Thank you," snivelled Kate to the tall figure, being careful not to look in his direction.&nbsp; The visitor simply took something from his pocket and posted it into the box on her bedside table before leaving the room, closing the door quietly behind himself.


END





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   sarahdom12


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





