BDSM Library - Fellatrix Training




Fellatrix Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A slender blond teen recounts the story of being trained as a fellatrix. The training is supervised by her mother and some of it is very rough with bondage and discipline. This story was inspired by a passage in \"School of Sluts\" by ric.






Fellatrix Training



by BinderOfGirls@gmail.com



A slender blond teen recounts the story of being trained as a fellatrix.

The training is supervised by her mother and some of it is very rough

with bondage and discipline. This story was inspired by a passage in

"School of Sluts" by ric.



I am a trained slut, well practiced in giving pleasure to boys and men

using my cunt, mouth and ass. My mother is an excellent slut and

supervised my training. I love sex and enjoyed most my slut training,

but I have the most vivid memories from my fellatrix training. 



As a teen slut I was expected to be a good cock sucker. I enjoy sucking

cock and thought that I was pretty good at it. But one day my mom

decided to evaluate my skills and she arranged for several young men to

visit. I was surprised when they arrived and was even more startled when

she ordered me to strip and then suck each of their cocks to orgasm

while she watched. I quickly recovered my composure, stripped naked

while the men watched and got to work. Back then I was using only basic

techniques known to any slut - talking dirty about how much I liked cock

sucking, cooing about how big and hard the cock is, licking the shaft to

get it wet, sucking the head and swirling it with my tongue, bobbing my

mouth up and down while fondling the scrotum, and licking an sucking the

balls while jerking the shaft with my hands, stuff any good girl knows

to do. All the visitors clearly enjoyed my mouth sex, ejaculating big

loads of cum for me to swallow. But mom was more critical and said that

I needed to learn advanced oral sex techniques. She said that while I

obviously enjoyed mouth sex and had the makings of a good oral slut, I

still had a lot to learn and was old enough to be trained properly. She

told me that after school every day for the next month I would be

expected to spend the entire evening at home sucking cocks until she was

satisfied with my style.



Mom made some calls and arranged for many visitors, at first boys and

later men, to come to the house every night so that I could learn

advanced techniques for giving oral pleasure. I was very eager to begin

and assumed that the sessions would also include some hard cock in my

tight little pussy. Before the first session, I didn't masturbate during

the day and by that evening I was very aroused from anticipation.



Before the boys arrived, I showered and shaved my legs and cunt mound. I

fixed my long blond hair into a pony tail and secured it with a bright

red bow thinking that I would look like a gift for the boys. I was very

excited and could feel my pussy getting very wet. I almost gave into the

urge to masturbate, but held off to better enjoy the sex that was sure

to come along with the oral training. I imagined pleasuring one boy

while another rode me hard from behind.



I entered the living room completely naked except for the red bow in my

hair. I was surprised to see how many boys were there - it would be a

busy night for me! Many were already naked, sporting erections. Mom told

the boys that they must keep their hands to themselves and let me do all

the work, no guiding my head or thrusting their cocks into my sucking

mouth. I expected this, to be a great cock sucker I needed to be able to

find the correct rhythm and technique for each boy by feeling the subtle

involuntary twitches of his body as he was pleasured by my mouth.



The next announcement came as a shock and bitter disappointment to me.

None of the boys were to touch me in any way! No cocks were to penetrate

me except in the mouth! The boys were not allowed to lick or even touch

my swollen slit. I had been looking forward to getting fucked all day,

my pussy lips were thick from lust and wet with lubrication. I would

have happily fucked every boy there, but would get no relief all night!

I pleaded for some release, even a dildo or vibrator, but mom held firm,

none of the boys' energy would be wasted with pleasuring me and all of

my time and focus would be spent pleasuring them. 



For the first few boys I was instructed to bring them off by twisting my

head side to side with my tongue sticking out and licking the sensitive

spot near the head on the underside of the shaft. My swirling tongue

soon caused cum to erupt directly into my sucking mouth. Swallowing cum

is second nature to me and I drank it down without missing a beat.



Next I was to bring off several boys by repeatedly kissing the cock with

my half open lips while making loud smacking sounds and then plunging my

pursed lips over the head of the rigid phallus, sucking hard, and then

pulling my lips off the head with a loud pop. The sound of it alone

would have been enough to make anyone aroused. Sloppy wet kissing sounds

alternating with the loud sucking pops. Kiss, kiss, kiss, pop, kiss,

kiss, kiss, pop, pop. The boy growing more and more aroused until with a

groan, the semen was spraying all over my face. I enjoy the taste of

semen and will eagerly lick it from a spurting cock.



The evening went on and on like this. After I coaxed semen from several

boys using a new technique, and mom was satisfied that I was doing it

correctly, she would describe the next technique and another hard penis

would be presented to my flushed face. Sometimes I was told to combine

several of the techniques, switching from one to the other until the boy

started moaning and finally erupted, spurting directly into my eager

mouth or spraying onto my swirling tongue and kissing lips.



My arousal was growing urgent, my pussy was a sloppy wet mess and my

nipples were rock hard from excitement. I asked for permission to

masturbate in front of the boys, saying that watching me pleasure myself

was sure to help keep them hard. But mom insisted that I could

concentrate better without the distraction of cumming during the

training. It was so frustrating!



After most of the boys had shot hot cum into my sucking mouth, I could

no longer ignore my now very swollen and sloppy cunt. I was not used to

so much cock sucking without pleasuring my hot pussy and I was becoming

delirious. Once again I was begging for some kind of release. But mom

was a strict teacher and insisted that I focus on my sucking skills

without a break. I asked her to at least allow some boys to pleasure me

during future sessions, after I had learned some of the things she

wanted to teach me, so that I would have something to look forward to.

But she refused me even the hope of future pleasure from the sessions.

For every cock sucking training session, every single one, my poor cunt

was to be completely ignored - it was horrible news!



After coaxing the last of the boys to spurt his cum onto my swirling,

darting, probing tongue, I started to get up, thinking we were done. But

mom asked the boys if they were up for another round of mouth sex

courtesy of her daughter. They thought that would be great and so the

entire cycle was to be repeated with me trying different tricks on each

boy. Mom said that this was so that I could learn what most aroused a

man by experimenting on his rigid member using a different techniques

and feeling how his body reacted to them. Once I found what tricks he

liked best, I could focus on those to give him the most pleasure

possible. 



The boys had all spurted once, so this round would take much longer. The

sexual tension coursing through my body was making me hot and dizzy.

Even when sucking one of the boys from school without fucking, I would

often rub my clit and cum! I was very frustrated and feeling rebellious,

so I decided to pleasure myself on the sly. What harm could just one

orgasm do? While sucking one of the boys, there were so many that had I

lost count, my hand slipped between my legs to fondle my sex. It felt

wonderful and I was sure that a quick cum would be easy. Mom was

standing behind me giving instructions to suck hard and swirl my tongue

on the sensitive underside of the cock while holding it deep in my

mouth. I thought that she would not notice so I started to rub the

swollen nub of my clit with my index finger. After just a few gentle

circles around the hot little bud I was on the verge of an orgasm.



But I was wrong. She did notice and was very angry. She jerked my arm

away and asked how I ever expected achieve anything if I could not

concentrate on my task. She asked two of the boys to hold my arms behind

my back while she left the room for a moment. When she returned she had

some thick white rope. With help from the boys, she tied my hands

tightly behind my back at the wrists and elbow. My ankles were also tied

to keep me from getting up. Some of the boys looked shocked at this, but

others taunted me, saying that they were appalled that a mother would

have to tie up her own daughter. I was so embarrassed!



The scene is easy to imagine. A pretty teen girl is being trained in the

oral arts. She is naked and not ashamed to display her trim body, tiny

tits, hard nipples, round ass and shaved pussy to a room full of young

men. Her long blond hair is pulled back and tied with a red ribbon. She

is aroused by the naked boys and her cunt lips are obviously swollen

with lust. Her job for the evening is to suck off all of these boys and

she takes to the task with enthusiasm, kneeling on a pillow and eagerly

taking hard pricks into her tiny mouth. She is guided by her trainer,

ordered to try new techniques, given advice, and made to pause if one of

the boys in danger of a premature orgasm. She becomes more aroused as

each of the boys presents his hard cock to her mouth to be kissed,

licked and sucked to orgasm. After a while she has become so aroused

that she rebels against her instructor, demanding some pleasure for

herself. The trainer reprimands the girl and orders her to continue.

After yet another hard cock is made to spurt, the girl can't control her

urges anymore and begins to touch her own pussy, her tiny fingers

seeking out the swollen clit now jutting from the top of her slit. It is

already slick and waves of pleasure wash over the teenager as she

furtively rubs the little button of flesh. She is on the verge of

orgasm, not paying any attention to her task, when the instructor

notices what she is doing and angrily commands her to stop.



Of course the instructor cannot allow such disobedience and must punish

the teenager. She is held fast by strong hands while her hands, guilty

only of touching her own flesh, are bound tightly behind her back. Her

elbows are also bound together, pulling her slender shoulders back. Then

her ankles are tied to prevent the rebellious teen from fleeing the

room. The trainer then forces the girl back onto her knees in front of a

line of virile young men. The slim teen, now restrained by tight bondage

as punishment, is forced to continue the very task that she fought

against. It is frustrating and degrading for her to be sternly

reprimanded and punished in front of everyone. The tight ropes don't

permit her to rise even though she desperately wishes to flee in shame. 



The room is well lit and she kneels in circle of bright light. It is

easy for the boys to see that her tight little cunt is more than ready

for use. They take turns stepping up to the girls bound figure, mocking

her for lacking self control. Each man presses forward, bringing his

jutting rigid cock to the pretty teen's mouth so that he can receive

oral pleasure from the bound girl. The shame of it brings a rush of

blood that seems to make her pretty face glow and her bright blue eyes,

brimming with tears, seem to sparkle. She is only permitted to use her

tender red lips, small soft mouth, darting tongue and tight little

throat to work the men's cocks and bring them to orgasm. She uses what

little range of motion left to her to lean forward, letting the pre-cum

slick head penetrate her lovely red lips and push deep into her mouth.

For hours her long blond mane shines as it swings in time with her

bobbing or twisting head as she desperately works to satisfy the demands

of her trainer. She must follow the instructions carefully, using only

the proscribed technique to coax each hard prick to spurt into her

lovely face. 



Over and over she must perform on command, not even allowed to choose

how to best achieve the seeming endless mouthfuls of hot cum that are

her only goal for the evening. The training is as relentless as the

girl's arousal and shame. She gets no rest during the degrading task. As

soon as one cock spurts into the girl's sucking mouth, another hard and

dripping penis replaces it. The evening goes on like this, hour after

hour, raging hard cock after raging hard cock while the older woman,

still angry at the girl's disobedience, instructs and corrects her in a

mocking voice. Any failure to perform correctly draws a loud reprimand

and a threat of worse punishment. This only increases the girl's shame

and causes the tears to fall anew. But the degrading treatment does not

quench her arousal, and her tiny slit is still inflamed and dripping

lubrication for pleasure that will never come. Her lithe form kneels in

growing pool of cum and saliva mixing with her own hopeless juices.&nbsp; The

tight bondage pulls her arms back sharply, stretching the front of the

girl's slender torso, making ribs stand out starkly above the hollow of

her belly. Her chest is flushed red from the hot shame of it all,

highlighting the swelling of her immature breasts and nicely framing the

big thick nipples, still hard from her arousal. She is forced to work

hard by the bondage and the demands of the trainer, her head bobbing and

twisting to stimulate the rigid cocks lodged in her mouth. Semen and

saliva drips from her chin and runs down her chest, making it glisten in

the bright light. Her belly button is full of the fluids and her legs

funnel the slippery mix to the slit between her legs. She can feel the

boy's ejaculate running over and dripping from her hot swollen labia.

This only makes the arousal worse and her poor little cunt, scorned and

useless, burns her. The girl remains bound until all of the boys

ejaculate into her hot little mouth a second time. Only after they all

dress and leave the house is she released from the strict bondage.



At the start of the next evening's cock sucking training, I was again

bound with rope. I pleaded with mom to free my hands so that they could

be used to help make the boys cum, but she saw through that ploy, saying

that I should learn all the hands free tricks first. In fact she said

that because I could not be trusted to obey, my hands would be bound

behind my back before every session began. I was condemned to spend 4

weeks sucking cum from the dicks of hundreds of boys and men with my

hands bound behind my back! It would be much harder to get the boys to

come a second time using only my poor tired mouth. 



I was even forced to remain bound when practicing advanced positions

that presented my mouth to a man in unusual ways. I was moved into the

required position like a rag doll by one or two of the males. It was

terrifying to have no control of what they did to my body. I would often

startle and cry out while being positioned, but the men would only laugh

at my plight, mock me and talk about how they were going to enjoy

ravaging my face in a new way. Even after this degrading treatment I was

expected to do my best to perform whatever oral sex act that was

commanded, no matter how uncomfortable I was or how difficult the act

was made by the strict bondage. 



I had to practice every night, sometimes working on as many as 10 boys

and men without a break. It was easy at first because there were really

only young men, just boys really, hard in an instant with spunk flying

in only a few minutes, and because the first of the advance tricks were

easy to learn and not physically difficult. To make the training more

effective if the boys came too fast, I often had to get everyone off in

a second round. It took much longer for them to cum the second time and

I got a lot of practice under mom's guidance. As the training

progressed, there were older, more experienced boys that took longer to

cum and could even offer advice about how they had been sucked off by

other sluts. 



Once evening with these more experienced boys, mom announced that it was

time to start deep throat training. The boys were very happy to hear

this news, but I was startled. I had tried to deep throat some boys

before, but gave up after choking and retching. I have a strong gag

reflex and thought that I couldn't learn this technique.



For the first session of deep throat training I was just supposed to get

used to having a penis penetrate past the back of my mouth. The men were

told to hold still while I struggled to push forward and accept the

entry of just the cock head into my throat. I was made to repeat this on

each man, doing nothing else to stimulate him until he reached orgasm.

The men were very aroused by my awkward efforts, but progress was slow

because I had to stop many times, retching and gasping for breath. But

as soon as I regained composure, my mouth had to engulf the rigid pole

again so that I could repeatedly force the slick tip into my tiny throat

tunnel. This went on for hours, one man taking a full 30 minutes for my

timid efforts to be rewarded. When the men finally came, huge gouts of

ejaculate would flood the very back of my mouth making me cough and

choke. Semen would spray from stretched lips and even come out of my

nose. Mother was not pleased by my lack of control and made me use my

tongue to clean up all of the spilled semen. It was humiliating. 



Progress was slow. My young throat was tight and tender, and would get

sore from the hours spent trying to force hard cocks into it. It took 3

days of training, over 60 loads of cum coaxed out using only the

stimulation of the cock head barely penetrating my throat opening,

before I could keep control of my gag reflex and breathing enough to

make it look professional. I was quite proud of myself, thinking that I

have mastered deep throating. Of course, this was not real deep throat,

but was just a basic front throat technique. It was also easy because

the men held still, so I was in for a rude surprise as the deep throat

training progressed.



For the next session I was to get used to the men controlling the rhythm

of the shallow throat penetration and ejaculating while the penis head

was still in my throat tunnel. I was placed face up on a table with my

head hanging over the edge. This gave the men easy access to my throat,

but I was not permitted use of my hands to control the force or depth of

the thrusts into my face. The men were to repeatedly force just the head

of their penis into my throat while I was remain passive and accept the

throat penetrations. It was frightening to have the thick cocks forced

deep into my mouth while I could do nothing stop it. I struggled to

maintain control while the man forced his cock deeper, searching for the

opening of my throat, before finally forcing the swollen head into it.

Over and over the men used my poor aching throat like this while I

struggled to follow mom's commands and passively accept this new use,

holding still while the bulbous head was lodged in my throat. Thick

mucus dripped from my abused mouth, running down my face, into my eyes

and hair. The men were encouraged to thrust just a little deeper as

their orgasm started and to ejaculate directly into my esophagus. During

ejaculation I was supposed to swallow over and over to help milk out the

thick hot cum. Waves of panic swept over me as the men reached orgasm,

grunting and yelling out in pleasure, thrusting uncontrollable deep into

my face, rigid swollen members spurting gigantic gouts of sperm into my

throat. It was a horrible session and was relieved when the last man

finished rutting his hard cock into my flushed face. When mother asked

if anyone would like another orgasm courtesy of her bound daughter's

tight throat, I started crying and begging for mercy. Most of the men

took pity and declined, but three men callously used me again, roughly

pushing thick cock heads into my throat tunnel over and over while I

twitched and bucked on the table until they achieved yet another orgasm.

Whenever my mouth was not stuffed with a prick, I was crying and begging

them to stop the abuse. Mom became angry at my lack of control, slapped

me across the face and then ordered all of the men to have a second

orgasm. There were 9 men that night, so I was roughly face fucked 18

times over the course of 5 hours.



The next evening my throat was still sore from the previous abuse. I

didn't feel like taking the boys into my throat and refused to open my

mouth. I told mom to just teach me something else that evening. She got

very angry and reminded me how things had turned out the last time I

failed to obey. I could see that it was a big mistake to rebel again.

This time my punishment was to be mouth-raped by everyone. I tried to

fight, but the boys were called into action, holding me so that mom

could hog tie me. Then she installed the jaw spreader, it easily forced

my petite mouth wide open. She also pressed a curved rubber guard over

my top and bottom teeth so that I could not scratch the boys' cocks. I

tried to beg for forgiveness, but she ignored my garbled speech and the

men just laughed. There was not even the pretense of teaching me any

technique that evening. It was to be a session of pure punishment for my

disobedience. I was to be mouth raped by a gang of virile young men.



I was put on the kitchen table face down. My hair was tied to my hog

tied arms and legs, pulling my head up to present my now very vulnerable

mouth and throat to the hard cocks. All of the boys and most of the men

had never had an opportunity like this before. They were even more

aroused by this opportunity than they had been by the promise of being

deep throat fellated to completion by a pert blond teenage girl. I was

appalled. Would any man, given the chance, forcibly mouth rape a pretty

teenage girl? All of the men at my home this evening would. For the next

three hours, they ravaged my face, forcing hard cocks into my throat and

pumping savagely until cum erupted like a geyser. They even helped each

other, one man holding my head firmly in place, lining up my mouth and

esophagus to make it easier for another man to deeply and brutally

penetrate my tight throat, pushing his cock all the way into my neck.

Some of the men had long cocks and I could feel my voice box being

compressed to make room for the invading shaft. 



All seven boys took a turn fucking my face, six came back for seconds,

and two, without looking ashamed at all, took advantage of my aching

gullet for a third helping of cruel forced throat sex. Mom supervised

the entire ordeal, watching how long the rigid members block my

breathing and tapping the boys on the shoulder to remind them to pull

out every so often to keep me conscious. I totally lost control, crying,

sobbing and hoarsely begging whenever my mouth was free. By the time the

brutal gang rape of my throat was only half over, I was so overwhelmed

that I just stared at the boys through eyes so glazed that they would

not even focus. My larynx was so traumatized that I could not speak, my

pleas reduced to a hoarse whisper.



I did not try to stop the deep throat fellatio training sessions after

that, unwilling to risk another round of throat rape. A few more

sessions and I had truly mastered basic deep throating. I could smoothly

slide a hard cock past the back of my throat and deep into my esophagus

on command. Again I was quite proud of this achievement, thinking that

the deep throat training was finished. Wrong again.



The boys and men that appeared for the training for the next day had

much bigger cocks. When I tried to deep throat the first of these big

pricks I was startled to find how much more difficult is was to force a

throat penetration. The cock heads were huge and I was embarrassed to be

gagging and retching uncontrollably again. Mother was displeased and

insisted that I be able to work up to a full shaft penetration. She took

over for a minute and showed me how to build up to it. She would go only

to front throat at first, repeatedly jabbing the wide cock head at her

throat opening. Gagging just a bit on each attempted penetration

generated a lot of spit and mucus as tip tried to penetrate her still

constricted throat. She then used the big mouthful of spit and mucus to

lubricate the entire length of the cock. Once properly lubed, she used a

slightly longer stroke with each plunge until the opening to her throat

tunnel was stretched enough to accommodate the width of the head and

shaft. Then she began working toward a full shaft penetration. It took

several minutes, but she succeeded. Then it was my turn to try again. It

took a long time, but after several failed tries with me gagging and

crying, my face wet with tears of frustration, I was finally able to

duplicate her success.



For each night's training session, the boys got older and more muscular

with cocks that were much longer and thicker than I had ever sucked

before. These boys had more sexual experience with throat sluts and took

much longer to cum, I had to use many of the tricks on each boy until I

found some that could make them moan and twitch, I would concentrate on

these tricks and only then was I finally make the older boy cum.



After each hard cock spurted into my mouth or throat, mom would give me

pointers on how to improve my style, sometimes demonstrating on another

boy. 



During the last week of the training, my hormones were peaking and I was

incredibly aroused by the men. As the sucking, licking and deep

throating when on and on I became more aroused and frustrated than ever.

My neglected pussy wept a slick clear juice that ran freely down my

thighs or dripped from the thick swollen lips into a puddle on the floor

while I sucked cock for hours. I tried to cum by rubbing my legs

together, but it only made the arousal more intense and made me more

frustrated. I was not allowed to rest or get cleaned up between men, so

there was no chance to rub my aching clit in the bathroom between mouth

fucks. A thick mix of the men's white sperm, my saliva and the thick

mucus from my throat dripped from my lips onto my small tits and ran

down my chest, dripping off my hard nipples to join the pool of cunt

juice on the floor. I wanted so badly to touch my cunt, my nipples or

even my asshole to pleasure myself. 



The boys and men were no help at all. They ignored my little hot and

puffy teen cunt per mom's instructions, announced at the start of each

training session - "The little slut is here to learn how to pleasure men

using only her mouth, not with her hands, tits, cunt or ass. She doesn't

need to cum and no one is to distract her from the lessons by helping to

get her off. There will be plenty of time to pleasure her tight little

fuck-hole after she finishes the training."



This evening I was so overwhelmed with arousal that I lost control and

screamed at everyone, begging them to help me cum just this one time. I

told them to look at how wet my cunt is and said it was torture to deny

orgasm to a horny slut. Later I wished I could take back those words.

Some of the men were sympathetic to my begging for release and said that

they wished that they could help me cum. But most of the men seemed to

enjoy seeing me beg for sexual release while helplessly bound. They

watch as my tiny little cunt drips juices onto the floor, my sexual

frustration only made worse when the only response to my pleas is to be

repeatedly face fucked by huge hard cocks. Many of the men like the way

the tight bondage thrusts my meager chest forward, forcing my rib cage

to stand out above my belly and making my diminutive tits with their

thick erect nipples jut forward. Before forcing me to take their hard

cock into my begging mouth, they will often toy with my erect nipples,

laughing at my frustration before forcing the erect male organ past my

lips. I was helpless and angry. I let emotion overcome my fear of

punishment and refused to orally satisfy another prick until I got some

relief. This was the worst mistake of my short life.



After a few minutes of whining and refusing to continue the suck

training, some of the men were getting angry at the delay. Several even

wanted to discipline me for asking to cum! They said that I should be

punished for not being able to control my urge to pleasure myself. Mom

agreed. She then encouraged each man to spend at least a few minutes

punishing me until I submitted to oral sex. The men were going to hurt

me right before I sucked their cock to orgasm! It just didn't seem right

to let a man hurt a slender teen slut and then force her to pleasure him

with her tiny mouth. But hurt me they did, slapping my ass and my small

round tits. I was soon crying and begging them to stop hurting me, to

please let me suck them off like a good girl. Even after I submitted,

mom insisted that each man hurt me for a few minutes before I performed

for him.



There was one man that I was afraid of, a man with a cruel look and cold

gray eyes. He had attended several of my fellatrix training sessions and

was always much rougher than the other men. He seemed to take pleasure

from my discomfort and panic, often not ejaculating until I was crying

from the difficult effort to pleasure him. When it was his turn, I could

see that mom was nervous. He looked at her and she hesitated before

nodding her head, giving permission for him to proceed. 



At first he just spoke to me quietly saying that I was silly for

complaining about training without being fucked. He stroked my hair like

I was a pet while saying that it was dangerous to compare sexual

frustration or even a little ass and tit slapping to torture. Then he

lightly touched my nipples while saying that he would be very happy to

show me what torture felt like. Then he pinched my nipples, hard, until

I started crying again.



The gray eyed man pent a long time hurting me, toying with the just tips

of my breasts, both nipples and areolas. Alternating between gentle

stokes and unbelievably hard pinching, twisting and pulling. Sometimes

he would pinch the entire areola sending blinding pain shooting through

my belly and making my cunt clench. And sometimes he just hurt the thick

nipples, erect from the pain, made even more sensitive than normal by

the punishment they had already received. When he pulled and twisted

just the nipple tips the blinding pain flooded up my neck to my head,

strangling the cries in my throat making it impossible to breath.



All the men in the room watched, most with erect cocks dripping pre-cum,

while I was tortured by a true sadist. It was not even half way through

the time he spent punishing me and my poor tits were bright red, tipped

by areolas deep red and puffy from swelling, tipped by purple nipples so

bruised that they were three times normal size. I sobbed and begged for

mercy the entire time he tortured my sensitive nipples, but received

none. Next he spent a full 5 minutes alternating between slapping my

breasts hard and seemingly trying to pull my nipples off the tiny little

mounds. During this punishment he described horrific ways that he would

like to punish me, to torture me, all over my tiny body, using whips,

canes, clamps, needles, branding irons, and even surgeons tools. If

there was any further misbehavior during training, he would show me what

real torture was. If I ever begged for an orgasm again he would remove

the tip of my clitoris with a razor blade and then pack the wounded bud

with salt. Reaching between my legs he felt around for my clitoris and

then spent many long minutes pinching and pulling it so hard that my

vision went black. 



When the abuse finally stopped he told me to beg for permission to put

my filthy mouth on his cock. I would have done anything to stop the

abuse pleading with him to use my mouth for his pleasure. Finally, he

moved forward to bring his rigid member within reach.&nbsp; Still sobbing,

nipples and clitoris throbbing with pain, I brought my tear soaked face

to his crotch. I pushed my swollen lips over the hard cock of the man

who had just finished hurting me so horribly. I forced his rigid pole

into my throat, still sore from screaming. I used every trick that I had

learned to pleasure the man who had just tortured me, but it still took

a long time to make him cum. When at last he was ready, he pulled his

cock from my willing throat, pinched my nipples one last time, grabbed

my pony tail, slapped me hard across the face, back and forth several

times, then without even touching his cock, squirted a huge volume of

hot ropy cum onto my tortured nipples. After covering both areolas with

ejaculate, he roughly rubbed the hot cum onto the burning tips of my

horribly bruised nipples while I screamed and cried. 



Everyone in the room was silent, staring wide eyed at the horrific scene

they had just witnessed. I was in shock from the ferocity of the abuse,

sobbing and shaking in fear, terrified that the other men would continue

to hurt me so dreadfully. All I had done was beg for a little pleasure,

and this man had considered cutting off my clitoris as just penalty. Mom

was shaking and stopped the punishment after that, but I remained

petrified with terror. I didn't say a word during the rest of the

session. My abused clit, swollen and red, thrust out from my pussy. Some

of the men gently inspected my injured nipples and clit before being

pleasured, never having seen anything as cruel as this in their lives. I

endured them touching my bruised flesh in silence except for the

occasion gasp when they were too rough. When they were done inspecting

my wounds, I enthusiastically accepted their cocks into my mouth and

throat. I did my best to concentrate on pleasing them orally, while

staring in fear at the gray eyed man the entire time. He watched me back

and his cock remained erect for the rest of the session. When mom

declared it over, he went to her and they quietly discussed something.

She looked shocked, but he seemed have some power over her and she

nodded to his request. He then announced that he had asked for and

received permission to further punish me.



The younger men looked stunned at this announcement, but many others

were enthusiastic about the idea. I was to be restrained tightly in a

vulnerable position, viciously beaten and then ass raped. It seemed like

a bad dream and I watched in horror while still on my knees, surrounded

by puddles of sex fluids, as he retrieved a thin leather belt from his

pants. I was made to stand up and my ankles were unbound. I tried to

fight, but being thin little girl I as easily overcome. Held by four

strong men I was led to the opening between the living and dining rooms.

Part of the wide opening is blocked by a decorative railing that was

about waist high. I was forced to bend over the railing, face down, to

present my tiny round bottom for punishment and ass rape. 



The sadist asked for volunteers to secure my legs and arms. Two men who

had earlier hurt me worse than the others before having their cocks

sucked sprang into action. My own mother got more rope for them to use.

They forcibly spread my legs apart, so wide that I could feel my cunt

gaping open and then they secured my pale slim ankles to the posts in

the railing. More rope at the knees kept my thighs from closing to

protect any part of my ass or pussy. I had never been bound like this

and I had never been really punished before today. The sadist grabbed me

by the hair to keep me from changing position and forced me to bend even

further over the railing. My arms were still tied behind my back and I

felt so exposed and vulnerable that terror overwhelmed me. I started to

scream and beg to be released, but he just laughed and used the handful

of my hair to shake my head from side to side like I was a toy.



He stood right beside my head in the dining room while the other men and

boys gathered in the living room where my cunt and ass were now so

grotesquely exposed. They had a front row seat for the chastisement of a

slender teenager's pert round bottom. I could feel a breeze on my wet

and puffy cunt lips as they moved into place.



Then the gray eyed man began to beat me. He beat me slowly, pausing

between each brutal crack of the belt. He continued for a long time

giving each of my ass cheeks at least 100 stokes. There was no hurry, so

he did not rush the punishment. He aimed the blows carefully so that

they fell parallel to the crack of my ass, now reduced to a shallow

groove by the wide spread of my legs and thighs. As the beating

progressed, some of the blows began to fall directly in the groove

between my cheeks stinging my cunt lips and asshole. I could see through

the posts of the railing that the blow directly on my pussy lips caused

juices from my still soaking wet cunt to spray onto the men seated

closest to me. When he was only half finished, my ass was already bright

red and burning with pain. My cunt lips were also turning red, but were

still leaking the familiar clear fluid. I hoped that one of the other

men would take pity and ram a cock into the willing hole, some pleasure

would make the beating more tolerable, but the punishment continued

without relief. So far the punishment was not as bad as when he tortured

the tips of my sensitive breasts. I thought that it would be OK, that I

could survive this. I thought he would soon stop beating me, fuck my ass

and the ordeal would be over. But I was wrong, he was just getting

started.



The beating became more vicious as all of the strokes fell into the

groove between my ass cheeks. Many of the blows struck my grossly

exposed anus and cunt lips. Soon the groove was filled with bright red

flesh, burning and throbbing. By the time he finally finished, my cunt

was bruised and it would be many days before I wanted anything to touch

it. My asshole was a swollen bright red ring of pain. This sadistic man

now planned to fuck me there.



He prepared for my punishment ass fucking by using his belt to bind my

neck to the railing to keep me bent over. Then he went to the other room

and stood between my wide spread legs and inspected the damage. My tiny

round ass was an angry shade of red, cunt mound and labia bruised and

swollen, and the bright red anal ring stood out from the swelling -

exposed and vulnerable to his cock. He spat directly on my ass hole

several times, pressed his big cock head against the bruised anal ring,

and pressed hard until it began to spread open. I had been ass fucked

many times before and thought I knew how to relax for it, but being

penetrated through a whipped anus was the worst sexual experience of my

life. He slowly forced his cock into my tight teen asshole in one long

slow smooth stroke while I gave a long wavering scream.&nbsp; Then he rode me

very roughly, hard and deep, making my guts cramp and wrenching agonized

cries from me. I tried to endure it in a sort of silence, fearing more

punishment for complaining, and said no words. The only sounds were my

guttural sobbing and the occasional pitiful scream torn from my well

used throat by the hard cock invading my beaten ass. I desperately tried

to relax my anus so it could survive the rape without tearing. I finally

succeeded, but then he announced that my ass hole was getting too loose

and that he would have to tighten it up by hurting me again.



He bent forward putting more weight onto my tiny torso. Then he reached

around to find my ruined nipples, grasped them firmly and pulled them so

hard that both small breasts were stretched to the side of my chest. My

sensitive nipples, already tortured beyond reason, were pulled 6 inches

from their normal location and were easily visible to everyone in the

other room. The pain was so bad that I could not see, could not breath

for a full minute. My anus was now clenching his clock hard, the pain

worse than ever. I broke down and lost control, begging and cursing

whenever I could get enough air. He rode me like that for many long

minutes, using my terribly stretched nipples to control my bucking teen

body. The punishment of the ass rape went on and on. I screamed, cursed

and begged the entire time. Finally, thrusting as hard as possible, cock

head lodged deep in my bowels, nipples pulled to the point of tearing

free from my tiny breasts, he finally spurted his cum into my abused

body. After a few more seconds of deep thrusting while he finished

ejaculating into me, he slowly pulled his cock from my now gaping, raped

ass hole. I just lay there sobbing, expecting more torture. I was

shocked at the ferocity of the attack. How could any man hurt a young

teenage girl like this and get sexual pleasure from it?



He then announced that I was a failure as a mouth slut and asked mom to

send me to the pain slut training program. There had been talk of it at

the school, but I thought it was just a story to scare lazy sluts into

working harder. I was in shock that it was real, a place for failed

sluts to be tortured for the sick pleasure of sadists. Thankfully mom

said that I was too inexperienced for that kind of training and that she

would let him know if I needed pain slut training when I was older.

After the session with the gray eyed may I could imagine what it would

be like to be trained by a sadist and made to endure endless suffering

solely for his pleasure. I vowed to be the best mouth, cunt and ass slut

possible.



Several of the men asked if they could continue the ass fucking. Mom was

pale and with a quavering voice told them all that it was time to go.

After everyone left, she released me from the bondage. I was barely able

to stand. My rapist's semen, tinged pink with blood from my injured

anus, dripped from my gaping ass hole and ran down my slender thighs.

Mom said she was sorry for allowing him to hurt me again, but that I

must learn to obey during training. She said that a good slut must learn

to survive being punished by a sadist and that most of a sadist's

pleasure comes not from the slut's actions but instead comes hurting the

slut. She would not talk about what happened to sluts that failed the

normal pussy, ass and mouth training, but now I knew that they could

become pain sluts - routinely enduring brutal torture to provide

pleasure to sadistic men.



There were no sessions for a few days after that so that my body and

mind could heal before continuing. I tried to be a good slut student not

complain or beg for sexual release again. But if I was careless and did,

mom was quick to suggest punishment. The boys went wide eyed at the

suggestion of hurting me, but many of the men were eager to oblige her

request by hurting me and making me sob and cry and scream, while the

boys watched in shock.



Thankfully there were no more sessions with sadists, but there was

nothing easy about the remaining mouth sex training. Mom only invited

well hung boys and men and lots of mouth slut experience. I was amazed

at the sight of their huge rods, so long and thick that they looked

unreal. The first time I was confronted with a room full of monster

cocks, I just stood there, naked, staring around at them. It was

unbelievable that they was so enormous and that that they would soon be

stretching my tiny little mouth. My slutty cunt knew how to react, in

less than a minute a thick drop of clear lubrication dripped from the

swelling lips and fell to the floor between my slender legs. Once my

hands were bound behind my back yet again, it was time to force the

first gigantic cock into my gentle warm mouth. I am a fairly petite and

slender girl and this cock was easily as big as my upper arm. It made my

jaw ache to open wide enough to accept the massive head.



These big thick cocks stretched my tender lips making them crack. It

hurt to continue and I cried from the discomfort, but mom insisted that

I be able to handle even the thickest man's penis. She warned me that if

I didn't stop complaining, the jaw spreader would be used again and she

would allow everyone throat fuck me as punishment. I tried not to cry

and complain after that. The jaw spreader gang mouth rape that I had

endured earlier was not an experience that I wanted to repeat. She did

take some pity on me and periodically coated my lips with balm to keep

them from bleeding. 



I had to try to choke all of these huge cocks down into my throat, over

and over. My throat was sore all night and most of the next day during

this part of training. My friends at school were sympathetic and didn't

make fun of my croaking attempts to speak after a night spent with my

sore mouth stretched around huge erect penises. Some were just too big,

but mom insisted that I try my best.



The deep throat training with these huge cocks was very difficult and

tears ran down may face as I gagged and choked these monstrous male sex

organs past my stretched and bleeding lips, past the back of my tiny

mouth and down into my aching teenage throat tunnel. At least four hours

a night were spent with my mouth stretched around penises that were far

too thick to expect a willowy teenage girl to handle.



Because I had some trouble with the thickest ones, during the last week

of training she brought only the largest men with huge thick rods to me

to practice on. She said that even though I was too tiny to fully deep

throat a monster cock, I must give it the best attempt that my far too

small mouth and throat was capable of. One man's phallus was 11 inches

long, over 3 inches in diameter at the base, and had a head that was as

large as an apricot. I started crying as soon as it was this man's turn

and could barely force myself to make the attempt. Mom made me spend

over an hour trying to deep throat the massive rod. Even when he was

moaning and twitching from my efforts, and was more than ready to cum,

she would pull my face from his crotch and make me pause until he

recovered his composure. When my short reprieve was over, it would be

time to try and force the huge rigid member down my aching throat again.

Tears ran down my face as each failure cause me to choke and gag, my

thin neck bulging obscenely as the huge head was jammed into my throat

tunnel. After maybe 100 tries, mom got a tube of KY jelly and squeezed

some into my mouth and made me use my tongue to spread the slimy goop

all over his thick hardness before continuing the effort. The lube

didn't help, there were still 4 inches of rigid cock outside my lips. I

could not get the head of the massive thing past the middle of my neck. 



After another 200 tries, she finally took pity on and stopped the brutal

attempt to penetrate my throat. When she told me that I still had to

make him spurt semen into my mouth I started sobbing, but started

trying. I tried everything, licking the shaft, popping the head, sucking

his balls, using my tongue to probe the slit. But nothing worked. He had

waited to so long to cum that could not get him off. Mom told him to

just force fuck my face until he found the rhythm that he needed to get

his release. He gladly took her up on the offer, forcing the huge shaft

into my tiny mouth again. The giant head of his cock jerked and bucked

in my mouth. He alternated between slow thrusts that went as deep as

possible into my abused throat and shallow rapid face fucking that took

the bulbous head just a few inches past my lips. Even though my lips

were becoming horribly bruised, I tried my best to help get him off by

swirling my tongue around the most sensitive places it could reach. 



For another 10 minutes he frantically used my face as if it were a cunt,

how, I wondered, could a man be so callous as to treat a teenage girl

this roughly? Finally he began to moan and slowed down. The thrusts were

shallow now and I was probing the huge slit in the head of his cock,

pushing the tip of my tongue into it. The slit was really big and

without warning it began to pulse great gouts of semen onto my tongue.

The spunk flooded into my mouth in waves. I tried my best to drink it

down, but by this time I could barely swallow anything. A gigantic flood

of semen squeezed past my now bleeding lips and dripped onto my sob

wracked chest. I had never seen so much cum. After his orgasm was over,

he apologized for being so rough with me. I looked up, still kneeling

between his legs, with my face and chest just absolutely covered with

his cum and in a barely audible&nbsp; whisper said that I was sorry that I

couldn't deep throat him and begged him not to punish me for the

failure. He looked surprised to hear this and bent down to give me a

tender kiss on the forehead saying that I was a good girl for trying so

hard. The next day my lips were bruised and cracked for everyone to see,

my mouth was so sore that I couldn't eat, and my voice was just a hoarse

whisper. Thankfully there wasn't any training for the next few evenings.



Finally, mom announced that the oral slut training was complete. It had

been a difficult month, but I recovered quickly and was proud of my new

skills. Mom is a great teacher and expert cock sucker and for me it is

now second nature to use my talented little mouth to pleasure a boy or

even a large experienced man. I can quickly find the mouth sex tricks

that give him the most arousal and then bring him to orgasm using only

my mouth either as fast or as slowly I as want to.



A few days after the last fellatio training session, mom told me she had

arranged for a reward. On Saturday some of the men would be coming over

to spend the day pleasuring me. I was thrilled at the idea and eagerly

prepared for the event. We made a trip to the salon the day before where

I had my hair trimmed, got a manicure and pedicure and even had my cunt

mound waxed. I felt so sexy! The next day I awoke early and bathed. My

hormones were raging as I dressed in a slutty schoolgirl outfit,

complete with tall white fuck me shoes. By the time the men started to

arrive, my cunt was sopping. I was ready to be fucked, no bondage, not

cock sucking, no punishment, just pleasure for my tight teenage pussy.

When I paraded into the living room in my slutty outfit there were

already lot of men, a lot of big men. As the men were getting undressed,

I was thrilled to see that they all had huge cocks. I exhibited my body,

teasing them by flashing my breasts, pussy and ass. More men were

arriving all the time I was showing off. When there were almost twenty,

mom announced the rules for the day. It was to be my day for pleasure

and they were to be gentle with me. My mouth and anus were out of

bounds, but they were free to kiss, lick and suck my breasts and pussy.

I was to be pussy fucked as much and in any way that I wanted. The

master bedroom had been prepared and one man at a time was to go in and

fuck me. Whenever a man ejaculated he was to go back to the living room

and another man was to take his place. This was to continue until I was

satisfied. I was overjoyed! It meant that I could have a hard cock in my

slick little cunt for hours and hours. I stood in the center of the room

and undid my top, exposing my tiny barely mature breasts, nipples

already hard. I walked to each man in turn and asked him to pleasure my

breasts. For the next 30 minutes my tiny breasts were gently licked and

my hot thick nipples gently sucked while big hands caressed my slim

body, stroking my back, legs and ass. Juices from my hot little pussy

were running down my thighs the entire time. 



Next I peeled off the too short skirt to expose my swollen pussy for

everyone to see. Wearing only my fuck me shoes, I asked if the men could

please lick me between my legs before we got started. Mom said that this

was my day and anything I wanted was good. I walked over to a seated man

and straddled him, climbing onto and kneeling on the arms of the easy

chair to present my tiny swollen slit to his mouth. He gently cupped my

pert ass cheeks and tenderly kissed and licked my pussy lips before

lightly sliding his tongue along the length of my slit. My juices were

flowing freely now and it didn't take long before I could feel an orgasm

approaching. I climbed down from the chair before cumming, asking for

someone else to take a turn. The next man helped me to sit on his

shoulders while he licked my cunt. He was rougher than the first man and

almost made me cum before I stopped him. It was wonderful to be so

aroused and to be in control for a change. Each of the many men orally

caressed my pussy and I really enjoyed being able to compare the

different techniques. I was able to maintain good control while being

licked between my legs my so many men, accidentally coming to orgasm

only twice.



I announced that it was time to go to the bedroom. Mom selected the

first visitor, knelt in front of him and began to fellate him to a full

throbbing hardness. I led him by the hand, feeling like a queen. His

cock was pretty large, but I think that mom selected him to go first

because it not so thick as to hurt me. Later I would be stretched out

enough to take the really big ones. I had him lie down on his back and

climbed onto him, slowly guiding his big cock into my very ready cunt

hole. I rode him slowly at my rhythm, feeling another orgasm approach.

He was very aroused to be fucked by a tiny teen girl and erupted,

spurting cum into my tight hole before I could finish. Normally I would

have been disappointed, but there were many others waiting to take his

place. I slowly pulled his still rigid member from my body and sent him

out to get my next lover. For this fuck, I knelt on the edge of the bed

and presented myself for a doggy style fuck. He was happy to oblige and

in just a few minutes I lost myself in another orgasm. He continued to

thrust into my teen pussy until he erupted just as I could feel another

orgasm approaching. I felt like a total slut now, semen dripping from

the swollen slit between my legs as I positioned my body for the next

hard rod to penetrate me. Missionary this time, the weight of the big

man pushing our sex organs together and roughly stimulating my clitoris

quickly brought me off again. The next orgasm came fast. I was delirious

with pleasure now, easy multiple orgasm are the best thing about being a

true slut. When he spurted in me, I was coming yet again.



Mom came in the bedroom to check on me next, she quickly cleaned up my

sperm soaked pussy with a warm wash cloth and squeezed some lubricant

into my cunt to make sure that I didn't get too sore. I wondered at this

until the next man arrived, his cock was enormous. I decided to ride him

cowgirl style. It took a few minutes to achieve full penetration and I

could feel his gigantic prick pressing deep into my belly and pushing my

guts around. I was a wonderful feeling to be penetrated by a cock so

long that it takes your breath away. His cock was so thick at the base

that my clitoris was pulled toward my cunt hole and rubbed on the shaft

of his cock on each stroke. I came twice while slowly riding him.&nbsp; I

think he liked looking at me because his eyes never stopped scanning my

petite frame. He gently toyed with my nipples when his orgasm hit, his

big thick cock bucking into my tiny little body, filling me with so much

semen that it squeezed out onto our grinding crotches even while he was

still ejaculating. 



The wonderful reward went on and on. For most of the afternoon I fucked.

My pussy was loose and sloppy by the time the last man filled me with

his cum. Most of the men had fucked me twice, so I must have gotten over

30 loads. I was sore, but in a good way. The lubrication never failed,

so it was still very pleasurable to be fucked. Sluts are made to be gang

fucked, as long as we stay wet, we will happily keep fucking. I lost

track of the multiple orgasms, there could have been over fifty. I just

lay in the bed in a puddle of semen, fingers toying with my stretched

out cunt. Mom sent the men off and came in to congratulate me. She said

that I was one of the best cunt sluts she had ever seen, fucking dozens

of times and still aroused enough to play with my pussy. I was so proud!

Then next day I was a bit sore, but still masturbated to orgasm four

times.



On Monday at school word had gotten around that I had been gang fucked.

My friends were concerned, but I told them how wonderful it had been and

how careful all the men had been to make sure that I was properly

pleasured. They were relieved and may have even been a bit jealous, but

I was happy to be known as a fully trained oral and cunt slut. Someday I

would still have to be trained as an anal slut, but that is another

story. Thankfully my success as an oral slut means that I will never

have to suffer pain slut training. Later I learned that several of the

girls I had been at school with had failed the slut training and been

given to the grey eyed man. The stories of the horrific abuse that they

suffered became slut horror stories. I shudder to think of the kind of

torture they are routinely subjected to.



The boys at school were all very interested to sample the results of my

fellatrix training. I naturally wanted to share my new found skill. For

the next month, I skipped lunch and met with a group of boys in one of

the encounter rooms. They took turns licking my pussy while I crouched

over a boy's face while I orally pleasured another boy. As the boy

approached orgasm I would begin to deep throat him. Most of the boys had

never experienced full shaft deep throat and they would yell in surprise

as cum erupted into my throat. I drank enough cum each day to keep me

from being too hungry before dinner at home. 



Mom heard of my lunchtime activities and said that it was a good idea to

keep in practice. She then told me that I had to periodically refresh

the monster cock deep throating training. She was true to her word and

at random times each year, she still arranges a brutal monster cock

throat fucking session to gauge my growth and ability. I dread the

nights when I come home to find huge men with their unbelievably

oversized sex organs waiting to throat fuck me as much for their

entertainment as for my training. Mom says that with enough of this kind

of training, I will someday be able to deep throat fuck a horse size

cock. I don't see how it will ever be possible for a slender girl like

me to deep throat a horse. It is only a few times a year and I always

try my best and have gotten pretty good at it. Big men are often amazed

to see such a thin young girl swallow then entire length of their cock.



When sucking a man I have never met before I will sometimes use one of

my favorite tricks. After getting him rock hard and making sure that his

entire penis is slick with my saliva, without warning I will plunge my

mouth to the base of his big cock in a single slow smooth stroke while

twisting my head from side to side. After a few strokes like that I will

hold position for almost a minute while repeatedly swallowing so that my

throat muscles massage the shaft. Looking up at them with my pretty blue

eyes wide open, I will snake out my tongue to lick his balls without

moving my head at all. Sometime the man is so surprised that he cum

immediately, pulsing semen directly into my throat with a yell of

surprise. I will keep the rigid spurting pole embedded in my throat and

bob my head a few inches up and down while he finishes ejaculating. Then

I slowly slide my face off of the rigid organ while still staring wide

eyed into his surprised face. I than pull my mouth back just a single

inch and slowly lick the last drops of semen oozing from the slit. Then

I give them my best innocent teenager smile and say sweetly "Did you

like that? If you want, I can make you cum in my mouth again..." 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   BinderOfGirls


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





