BDSM Library - A Rewarding Hobby




A Rewarding Hobby
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A sadistic man travels to an offshore brothel to make an amateur BDSM video. A petite blond is restrained and her bottom, thighs, feet, breasts, sex organs and anus are severely punished. Sexual activities include fellatio, cunnilingus, forced vaginal sex and forced anal sex.






A Rewarding Hobby



A nasty BDSM story written by BinderOfGirls.



I have a rewarding hobby. I make pornographic videos showing young women

being punished and sexually abused by a sadistic man. Because they are

my videos, I get to pick the girls to be punished and fucked, so I pick

girls that are my type. I also get to choose the actor to play the

sadistic man, so I choose a true sadist - me.



Fairly slender girls are my favorite for this type of film. A thin girl

in tight bondage can really look great with the right lighting. Breast

size is not important to me, but I do prefer that the girls used for my

"fun" have thick nipples.



I hate plastic tits, tattoos and piercings, so any girls with fake

boobs, ink or metal are ruled out. Not only do they look gross to me,

but these girls may enjoy a bit of pain or at least have a high pain

tolerance. I prefer to punish a girl that is unfamiliar with pain. It

make playtime much more rewarding. Her crying, screaming and begging

make great video.



I also like my girls as young and inexperienced as possible. The must be

of legal age, of course, but other than that, the younger the better.

Older girls may have some familiarity with being punished, although

probably nothing as severe as my particular form of entertainment. To a

na�ve young toy, being really punished hard for the first time will come

as grim surprise. The way a girl will react to her very first

punishment, say a hard ass spanking, is totally unpredictable. I have

seen everything from stoic acceptance with clenched fists and a few

tears to crying like a baby. But when the session progresses to more

serious torment, perhaps when I strike her hard on a sensitive spot for

the first time, or pinch one of her nipples real hard, watching the look

of shock on her cute young face just before she screams is always a

truly precious moment.



Several times a year I arrange for a stop at a special offshore brothel,

calling ahead to spell out my requirements for the visit. The brothel is

located on Grand Cayman Island, just outside of George Town. It caters

to a very select clientele who travel there for financial business. The

girls are carefully selected, well cared for and highly compensated for

the services they provide. For the right price almost any taste in

sexual entertainment can be accommodated, even an extreme taste like

mine. Due to the unusual nature of my entertainment requests, the price

is very steep and the girls must volunteer to take part.



On this trip I am making a custom BDSM film at the request of a client.

For this I need a girl to volunteer to be bound and punished on camera,

specifically to be tied down with her legs spread wide and then to have

her naked crotch whipped. The call is made to the brothel and my

conditions, requirements and offer are taken down by the receptionist. A

few hours later I receive confirmation that several appropriate girls

have agreed that they would "perform" in the video for the offered

price. I had expected to have to increase the offer and I am thrilled

that I will be able to choose from several girls on this trip.



The usual annoying details have to be taken care of, funds transferred,

travel arrangements made, equipment is rounded up and tested. I sleep

well the night before the flight, my dreams full of helpless girls bound

and punished. The flight is short and uneventful, giving me most of a

day to relax on the beach before dining at a nice restaurant and

sleeping at the posh Ritz-Carlton.



Arriving at the brothel early the next morning gives me plenty of time

to set up the room where the shoot will take place. It takes while to

rearrange the furniture and setup the cameras, lights, and microphones.

I grab a shower when finished and relax until it is time to meet the

girls.



The girls paraded into the room in the usual skimpy outfits. As per my

phoned in requirements, they all have natural breasts and are all ink

and metal free. They were all told the specifics of the 4 hour long

session - recorded for release as a BDSM videos, signed model release is

required, no permanent injuries, no blood play, after the session begins

it will continue for the full time, the session cannot be stopped, there

are no safe words, they will be put in strict bondage, punished hard for

my sexual pleasure, fucked in any holes that I choose. They even know

that they will be whipped between the legs, beaten directly on their

pussy, and that they should expect that a full week will be needed to

recover from the abuse. It is quite a list. The girl I select will be

very well paid, more than she could make in several months of tricks,

but I am always amazed that anyone would volunteer for this.



Some of the girls look apprehensive, but others are obviously excited by

the prospect of being paid such a large sum for a few hours work. One

girl stands out from the rest - a petite blonde. She has shoulder length

golden hair with soft curls. From the look of her skin and pale eyebrows

she may be a natural blonde. True blondes have lovely skin, not thin

transparent looking skin like a ginger, but a sort of creamy translucent

look. She seems too young for to be in this line of work, perhaps she is

just getting started. She is not tall, probably just five two, but has

nice slender legs that look long compared to her tiny frame. She has

tiny tits, probably not even a 'B' cup, but I am pleased that her

nipples, poking out behind the thin top, are big and thick. She has a

plain face, cute enough for my needs, and bright blue eyes. As I

carefully look her over she even blushes a bit. Perfect. 



A nod in her direction is all that is needed and the other women exit

the room. After motioning her to stand in front of my chair, I tell her

to show me her cunt. She blushes bright red at this rude command, but

obediently widens her stance, lifts the short skirt and pulls the tiny

thong to one side, to reveal her mound and slit. She is clean shaven

except for a landing strip of blonde hair. My guess was right, she is a

true blonde. The outer lips of her pussy are thick, completely hiding

the inner lips, making her cunt look like a nice plump peach. The slit

looks small and tight. I tell her that her cunt meets my approval and

she adjusts the thong and lets the skirt drop back down. The blush has

spread to her neck and chest making her look even more attractive.



We head to her room next to get some clothes. She has a lot of little

girl stuff, school outfits and brightly colored hello kitty top and crap

like that. A lot of her normal clients are probably wealthy closet

pedophiles with a secret desire to fuck their own daughters. The sick

bastards probably her call them daddy. I tell her what I want her to

wear and she begins to rummage around the closet.



I like to have the girls I play with wear shoes. White "fuck me" shoes

with very high platforms and an open toe are my favorite. A lacy white

garter belt and plain white stockings will complete the outfit. The

white material will be a good frame the area that I am interested in.



After she has gathered the requested clothing, I watch her pull the thin

top over her head, ruffling the blonde curls. Her tiny little tits are

tipped with lovely dark pink nipples, nice and thick. She wiggles out of

the skirt and then, out of habit I suppose, she turns her back to me,

bends at the waist and slowly pulls down the thong while looking over

her shoulder at me. I have to admit it is nice move. When she stands to

face me again, now completely naked, I see that her belly is nice and

flat all the way to her mound, which is the only thing that is plump on

this girl. Nice tight little body, except for the thick nipples and

womanly cunt mound, she could easily pass for a young teen.



She fastens the garter belt around a trim waist, and then sits on the

bed to pull on the stockings, lifting each leg up high while smoothing

the silky material. This is another nice move that shows off her slender

legs.



She stands up and steps into the pumps. When she bends over to buckle

the shoes I am treated to another nice view of her pert little ass, with

those thick cunt lips peaking from between her thighs. Damn does she

have a tiny slit. Standing up, she walks over to me trying to look sexy,

assuming that we will begin to play now. I tell her that we will be

playing in another room, a special room prepared for me. She is

surprised to hear this, and I wonder if she has ever seen any of the

special rooms. Now she looks anxious, she probably thought that I was

going to punish her using the toys in her room like the old bastards she

usually services. I can imagine her using a little girl voice to ask

them to punish her for being naughty. Safe to say that she would never

ask for the kind of punishment I plan to give her.



I tell her to ask any questions now, because once we start playing she

is to remain quiet. This seems to make her even more nervous. With a

tremor in her voice, she asks a few silly questions about what kind of

sex acts I would enjoy after punishing her. She obviously has no idea

what she is in for. My answers are curt and meaningless. While I will

certainly fuck this cute little bitch, sex is not the real reason that I

am here. At last she works up the nerve to ask how much the punishment

will hurt. For this a give a real answer, telling her that the

punishment will be rough, that I will make her scream and cry, that she

will be very sore afterwards, but that I will not injure her. I remind

her that she will be well paid. Her eyes are brimming with tears now and

she looks like a frightened little girl, but manages to keep from

running out of the room and just nods her head. I almost feel sorry for

the stupid little bitch; she has let greed overcome common sense. No

amount of money is worth what she will soon have to endure, she should

run.



I give her time to regain her composure before leading her out of the

room. She is blushing again, not used to parading around the brothel

undressed. Her inexperience is becoming more and more obvious. What a

joy this is going to be.



The special room is waiting for us. She has obviously never been to this

part of the establishment. I stop at the door labeled Music Room. She

looks confused by the name, must have never read "The Story of O". I

pull hard on the handle and the thick sound proof door opens with a

whooshing sound.



I had stopped by earlier to set up the room to my taste. The

gynecological examination table, modified for serious bondage is waiting

under bright lights. My digital cameras are already set up, one on the

ceiling mount looking down at the table, one on each side of the table

for wide views of the action, and another on a tripod for a tight shot

of her face. The last camera is on a tripod pointing between the leg

supports to record my real plaything for the session - her tender little

cunt.



I strip down now. The temperature is comfortable and I like to be naked

when beating a girl. My cock is already fairly hard and I plan to dump

several loads of cum into this girl, but only after she has been

properly punished.



She has been staring around the room at some of the other equipment, the

whipping bench, the 'T', the cross, and the horse. She is obviously

dazed and frightened at the strange and dangerous hardware. It looks

like she may bolt, so I tell her that the table is the only thing that

will be used to restrain her. Then more to distract her than any other

reason, I tell her to give me a blowjob. She seems to snap out of it,

the familiar task allowing her to calm down. I tell her to use just her

lips and tongue at first, as light and slow as she can. I sit down in a

nice cushioned chair and she obediently takes her place on the floor

between my legs. I toss her a throw pillow and she kneels on it, cute.

Her tiny little mouth is quite skilled and I just relax and enjoy as she

demonstrates many nice little tricks. I am not surprised that she is a

good fellatrix; many girls with small tits develop a compensatory sexual

skill, usually oral or anal. After about 20 minutes, she has progressed

to trying to deep throat me. My cock is fairly thick and she is having

some trouble, making quite a mess of herself and gagging up a lot of

slime. After a few minutes she manages to choke down my rod and is then

starts to repeatedly deep throat me using slow full length strokes. Her

stretched lips travel from the head all the way to the base and then

slowly back up to the head again. Good technique, the strokes are smooth

and regular, sometimes she even pauses with my rod all the way down her

throat and licks my balls - a nice touch. She could probably make me

spurt doing this, perhaps it is what she is hoping for. 



Fully aroused now, I am ready for some real fun. I hold her head at the

deepest part of the penetration and tell her to look up at me. Then a

rabbit fuck her cute little face for almost a minute until she begins to

panic from lack of air. Then I slowly pull her face off of my now very

rigid prick. Her lips glisten in the light and I watch as the strings of

mucus and pre-cum trailing between my cockhead and her lips slowly arc

down onto her tiny little tits. She knows how to showoff, making a pouty

face and letting the saliva and mucus in her mouth drool out and drip

from her lips. I enjoy the sight for a minute and then stand. I fist my

cock and pump it a gently while looking her over. She knows how to play

the obedient cock sucker and stays in position, arching her back a bit

to show off her messy chest, keeping the pouty expression that makes her

look even more like a little girl. I enjoy the sight for a while then

tell her to clean up. She stands, looking a bit disappointed that she

didn't get a creamy reward for the half hour she spent working my prick

with her mouth. Equal parts lovely and clueless, she probably still

thinks that her main purpose here is to make me cum.



She goes into the little bathroom and I start the cameras. They are all

1080P HD with enough memory to record continuously for 4 hours. As

usual, I will edit this footage into a custom film for one special

client and into several other films for other customers. It will bring

in quite a bit of cash, enough to cover the cost of the trip plus a tidy

profit. Someday I would like to turn this from a hobby to my main

business, but perhaps that would spoil the fun.



When she appears again she is nice and clean. I lead her to an area

flooded with light and use the still camera to document her tiny body.

After getting nice some long shots, I get close up views of her face,

tits, ass and cunt. I like to have before and after pictures to use when

advertising my videos. 



Next I tell her to get onto the table. The table is high and will place

her cunt at the level of my cock. She walks over to the table, climbs up

onto the small step stool and lies face down. God, she is so clueless! I

tell her that she will be face up and she stands again, looking

confused. I help her into place, sitting on the padded top with her

round little ass cheeks part way off the edge. My excitement is growing

more intense now and my cock is rigid and a large drop of pre-cum has

formed at the tip. I remain calm and try to be gentle with her. Until

she is bound, she could still bolt.



I push her onto her back and raise her legs up into the adjustable metal

leg rests. I secure her legs at the ankles, just below the knee and mid

thigh using strong clear straps that buckle below the metal guides. I

slide her down so that her ass hangs completely off the table and she is

only supported by the small of her back. I secure her with more straps -

one strap above her pelvis, another just below her tits, and another

just above her tits. I walk around to her head and pull her arms up

securing them stretched out above her head and slightly out to the side.

Then I step back and enjoy the view. She is stretched out tightly now,

her tiny tits are now just barely mounded at all, but those big nipples

stand out starkly. Her chest shows some strain from the bondage, ribs

standing out a bit and her belly hollow below the rib cage. Her legs

look great in the stockings and those outrageous shoes. I adjust the leg

guides to push her legs higher and wider spread, exposing her round

little butt for the first part of the punishment. She is trembling again

and looks like a frightened little girl. She should be afraid - soon I

am going to make her cry.



I adjust the camera pointing at her cunt, then push a stainless steel

table over beside the exam table. As I lift the cloth that has been

hiding my instruments, she cranes her neck to see what is on the tray

but can't get a view. 



The first thing that I will do is shave off the landing strip on her

pubic mound. The tiny patch of hair is meaningless and will not get in

the way, but this is a sort of ritual for me and makes great video.

Picking up a bowl, I walk to the bathroom and fill it with hot water. I

soak a wash cloth, wring it out and drape it over her cunt mound to warm

it up for a smooth shave. With the towel still in place I mix up some

shaving soap using a traditional brush and a small bowl. After a minute

I remove the towel and spread the foam over her mound, then use a

straight razor to gently scrape off the foam and the offending hair. I

use another warm damp towel to remove any residue and the pat her mount

dry with another towel. The shaving ritual seems to calms her down and

she is looking pretty and relaxed. Silly girl, you are in tight bondage

with your cunt exposed in a sound proof room with a true sadist, you

will not be relaxed for very long. 



Even with her legs splayed, I am impressed that her cunt slit still

hides the inner lips. She really does have nice thick labia and must

have a tight little hole. The white stockings and garter belt form a

nice frame for her exposed ass and cunt. All of her punishment will

occur within this frame, well almost all - I really must hurt those big

thick nipples at some point.



After a final check of the cameras and the restraints, I remind the girl

(never even asked her name), that she is not to talk while she is being

hurt, that any words will be result in severe punishment. Crying and

screaming are OK, but if she starts to talk in any way she will be very

sorry.



I tell her that I will now start hurting her, and will start by giving

her ass, inner thighs and pubic mound a beating. She looks very

frightened now, but is clearly trying to prepare herself for the coming

pain. Her eyes are closed, she is taking deep breaths, and her tiny

little hands are clenched into fists. She is trembling again and her

nipples are erect from the adrenaline rush.



I select at paint stirrer, a large one for use with a 5 gallon bucket.

It has been sanded smooth and varnished. I like this instrument for

initial beating, it makes a nice loud noise, can be used very hard

without danger of cutting the skin and after a while will turn the

beaten area bright red. Before really beginning to torture a girl's

cunt, I like to redden the surrounding area, creating a sort of frame

for the artwork. The contrast between the white garter and stockings and

the beaten flesh will look great. 



I am still very excited, drops of pre-cum falling regularly from the tip

of my cock, but I have the discipline to remain calm. The punishment of

this lovely young girl will be slow and deliberate with every painful

stroke recorded by the unflinching eyes of the cameras. 



First I paddle her buttocks and the backs of her thighs, several strong

swats to the left before switching to the right. I continue this pattern

until she is whimpering and crying a bit. The blows are loud and sting,

but they are fairly tame, and she takes them without complaint.



Next I work on her inner thighs, beating the area from the juncture

between crotch and legs down to the tops of her stockings. It takes a

while for this part of the beating - there is a lot of exposed flesh to

punish. Again the strokes are fairly light, and apart for crying out

several times, she takes it well. 



Her ass has reddened up nicely by this time, making a nice contrast with

the garter belt. The inner thighs are looking well punished and contrast

well with the white stockings.



I switch to my next target, her Mons Pubis, also called the mound of

Venus, or in common terms her pubic mound, the plump little bulge at the

base of her abdomen. I swat her there with the paddle, directly on her

pubic mound, for about 5 minutes. She seems startled that I am hitting

her there and is soon crying out and sobbing. I wonder if the owners of

the establishment told her what kind of punishment to expect. Surely she

didn't think that I was just going to spank her ass and thighs? I don't

really care and continue the beating her pubic mound until it is bright

red. By this time she is jumping and crying out with every blow. The

beating goes on until I am satisfied that this first punishment is just

the right level of severity. I drop the paddle on the tray. Bending

over, I give her a kiss on the Mons Pubis and she jumps at the pain from

even this gentle touch.



She tolerated the initial beating better than I expected for such a

young whore, gasping and crying out a few times, but not begging me to

stop. I wait a few minutes for her to calm down and relax a bit. Her

buttocks and inner thighs from the top of the stocking to her crotch are

a nice even shade of red and are hot to the touch. But it is her pubic

mound is the real visual treat. It is dark red from just below her navel

almost to the start of her slit. I must have beaten her Mons a bit

harder than I intended. The color is almost purple in several spots and

the entire area is starting to swell up. I pat it with my hand until she

cries out. The flesh of her cunt is still pale and undamaged, but is now

completely surrounded by beaten flesh. Her tiny little slit looks

inviting, so I drag a chair over and sit down with my face at the level

of her cunt. I am surprised to see that a clear fluid is leaking from

the bottom of her slit, running down over her asshole. I plant a plant a

soft kiss on her slit. She smells nice, a mix of her body wash fragrance

and girly sweat. I decide to taste her, dragging my tongue up and down

between the plump outer lips. She tastes fresh, salty and sweet. I

continue to gently lick until she starts to become aroused and gives a

small moan.&nbsp; 



I continue to lick, kiss and suck her tight little slit. The thickness

of the outer lips is unbelievable and it feels great to have my tongue

between them. I continue the oral stimulation, gradually focusing more

and more action near the top of her slit. After a while she is moaning

loudly. My tongue seeks out the bud of her clitoris at the top of her

slit and circles it until she climaxes. As she is orgasms I continue to

gently lick and kiss the bud. After she finishes I give her a few more

licks along the length of her slit, enjoying the slick heat of it. It

was a nice diversion and the stimulation will make her cunt much more

sensitive when I punish it later.



Standing between her legs again, I reposition the leg supports to really

spread her legs as far apart as possible and move her feet toward her

head. Now her slender legs form a wide V in the air above each side of

the punishment table and her cunt and asshole are grotesquely exposed.

The tendons in her crotch stand out vividly and her thick outer cunt

lips have finally pulled apart, revealing the delicate flesh within,

slick and swollen from the oral pleasure she just received. I bring her

legs just a bit closer together, so the tendons don't show as much. With

the tendons sticking out like that, it would be too easy for a misplaced

blow to cut through the skin at the juncture of leg and crotch. After

all, I promised not to injure her and I am a man of my word. The new

pose is obviously very uncomfortable and she is wiggling her hips around

trying to relive the stress so I tighten the restraints around her belly

and pelvis, I don't like a moving target.



It is time to see how she will react to the first hard blows directly on

her exposed cunt. I take a minute to wipe the tears from her face and

arrange her hair. After adjusting the zoom on the camera pointed at her

face, I return to my seat between her legs. Picking up the same paddle

used for the initial beating, I take careful aim and give her cunt three

of the hardest and fastest blows that I can manage. The aim was good and

the hits fall directly on her cunt, covering the exposed flesh from the

bottom of her pubic mound to the bottom her tiny slit. I immediately

look up to her face to watch the reaction. As the pain from the blow

sinks in, I am rewarded with her open mouthed and wide eyed look of

stunned shock. She makes no sound for several seconds before emitting a

wonderful, full throated scream. I listen to her gasping for breath and

sobbing for a while, reveling in her reaction to just three hard swats

to the sensitive flesh of her pussy. In just a few minutes she has gone

from the pleasure of having her pussy licked to orgasm to the pain of

having it struck very hard with a long wooden paddle. I am very aroused

now and ready to begin to really punish her beautiful little cunt.



Next I select a tapered carbon fiber rod. It is nearly three feet long

and is very flexible. The wide end is wrapped in leather strips to form

a comfortable grip. It was originally part of an expensive fishing pole.

I show her the thin rod and tell her that I will now beat her between

her legs for the next hour or so. She stares at me while I tell her

this, eyes wide and head shaking back and forth. I swish the rod through

the air - the sound is loud and frightening in the silence of the room.

That is all it takes for the panic to set in. She must have thought that

the initial beating and the swat to her pussy was the main event and

that I would fuck her now. She starts to beg, telling me that I have

already hurt her enough and she can't take more right now, asking me to

please fuck her instead. I give her an angry look and she shuts up, but

I am secretly thrilled that she broke the rules and was hoping for an

excuse to force a gag into her mouth and hurt those lovely nipples.



Setting down the rod, I pick up a ball gag and walk over to her head. My

hard on is raging now, dripping almost continuously now. She stares at

my crotch as I approach, lips trembling and her mouth opens a just a

little bit, probably hoping that I will now fuck her there to finish the

session. I inform her that because she spoke without permission, she

must be gagged and then have her nipples punished. She looks up at my

face in surprise. I command her to open her mouth and accept the gag. To

my increasing delight, she clamps her mouth shut and shakes her head

wildly, blond curls flying about. Then she starts begging again, use a

little girl voice, saying please daddy, don't hurt me anymore, please

fuck your little schoolgirl. Now I really am angry at the little slut,

but elated that she is giving me another excuse to hurt her. I would

have been happy to just put the gag in and torment those thick nipples

for a while, but now I also get to hurt her until she accepts the gag.

It is a wonderful turn of events for me, a more experienced submissive

would never make a mistake like this. 



Walking to the other end of the gynecological torture table, I drop the

ball gag onto the tray. I unbuckle the shoe from her left foot and

remove it dropping it in the tray with a loud bang. She jumps at the

sound and stops yammering mid sentence. Her foot is small and dainty,

probably just a size six, encased in the sheer white material of the

stockings. I pick up a rattan cane and quickly give her three hard

strokes directly on the sole of her foot. The room is silent for about a

second before she emits a full throated scream that tapers off into a

gasping stream of begging. I wait for almost a minute for the red lines

from the caning start to show through the silk and then give her another

three in parallel, being careful not to cross the original welts. No

more words now, just continuous pitiful sobbing. I repeat this one more

time. The bottom of her foot is now stripped with 9 vivid red welts. I

drop the cane, pick up the shoe and force her foot into it while she

screams in agony. I buckle the shoe, making the straps as tight as

possible.



I wait for her to calm down, the screams and sobbing reduced to

sniffling and the occasional gasping sob. It is music to my ears. I ask

her if she is ready to accept the gag now, she stares at me wildly, eyes

red and streaming with tears. She shakes her head yes but says nothing.

Perhaps she can learn to shut up after all. I tell her that is good, but

first I have to finish your punishment for refusing the gag in the first

place. When I start to unbuckle the shoe from her right foot, she loses

it completely, screaming and begging again. I repeat the process on the

tender sole of her right foot, 3 hard strokes with cane and then a pause

while the welts become vivid. She is right handed, so the right foot is

probably more sensitive than the left. By the time the three sets have

been completed, she is gasping for breath in between the sobs and

screams. When I force the shoe onto her tortured right foot, she passes

out. I wait for a moment, enjoying the sight of her tiny limp body,

splayed wide by the tight bondage and driven to unconsciousness by

unrelenting pain. I break a capsule of smelling salts under her nose.

She chokes and her eyes flutter open. The dazed confusion slowly gives

way to shock and dismay. She starts crying again, legs twitching as she

tries to shake away the pain caused by those outrageous fuck me shoes

pressing against the ravaged soles of her feet. I am in ecstasy at the

sight, balls tight, and cock a rigid pole, dripping with lust.



I pick up the gag again, the ball is bright red and will be a nice

accent, echoing the red flesh surrounding her crotch. Approaching her

head, I simply raise my eyebrows and she obediently opens her mouth

wide. I shove the ball past her gleaming white teeth. It is difficult to

force it in to her mouth - the ball is a bit too large for such a small

girl. She only whimpers as I pull her head off the table by the curly

blonde mane to slide the nylon strap over her head. Then I pull the free

end of the strap, cinching it tight. The strap digs into her cheeks,

distorting her lips and forcing the ball deep into her pie hole. I

smooth her hair around her face while she looks at me with a pleading

expression. I get a tissue and clean her up a bit, then bend down and

kiss her on the forehead.



Moving to the side of the table, I tell there that I am sorry, but her

nipples must still be punished for talking. She looks truly pitiful now,

and just nods her head. I check the clock and tell her that she only has

two more hours with me. I bend down to gently lick and kiss the lovely

little buds. After a minute or two of this, alternating between left and

right, her nipples are very thick and erect. I fetch a small towel and

roughly dry both nipples, scrubbing them hard with the cloth. Tears are

already falling as I take her left nipple between thumb and forefinger

and begin to pinch and twist it roughly while pulling the tender bud

several inches out from her chest. She jerks around and muted cries

escape around the gag as I hurt the thick nerve rich bud for full

minute. When it is finally released, the nipple is swollen and blood

red. Walking to the other side of the table, I repeat the process on the

right nipple, then the left, then the right again. The nipple torture

goes on and on. For many long minutes her pitiful muted squeals and sobs

are the only sound in the room. Next I fetch the rattan cane and begin

to beat the bruised and swelling buds, alternating between hitting the

left and right nipples. They could easily be made to split and bleed, so

I use very light strokes, just hard taps really. I vary the angle after

every few blows, creating a starburst pattern of light red welts that

seems to radiate from the damaged buds. But I am careful to always hit

the nipple and areola. Because the blows are light, the beating must be

persistent. After about fifty light swats with the cane on each nipple,

they have become grotesquely swollen to several times the original size,

and have turned a deep angry purple. I notice that she has fainted

again, so I take a break, waiting for her to awake on her own. Finally,

her eyes blink open. As soon as the look of desperation and despair

returns, I begin again. She loses consciousness two more times, during

this punishment. After about 20 minutes of this playtime, after each

breast has received hundreds of blows, I drop the rod onto the table and

admire my handiwork. Each tiny breast is now covered with wheals

radiating out from each nipple. The thin welts are light red at the edge

of each breast and increasingly dark red approaching the much more

heavily punished areola. The areolas are greatly swollen and puff out an

inch and a half from the punished breast meat. They are topped by

nipples so dark and enlarged that don't even look real anymore, more

like some dirty comic book parody of nipples. I am quite pleased with

this look and with the lack of bleeding. I am a careful person by

nature, and the skin is intact so there will be no permanent physical

damage. The damage to her mind may quite possibly be permanent. I would

be willing to bet that she will never again disobey a client's orders.

Her chest is continuously jerking with heaving sobs now and I let her

cry it out for few minutes. After she has calmed a bit, I bend down and

suck hard on one of the hugely swollen and damaged buds. It is hot,

thick and hard in my mouth. This elicits a muffled scream, I continue to

suck and lick and bite the ruined bud until she passes out again. More

smelling salts are needed to revive my unfortunate toy, and the

nightmare is repeated with the other nipple. I repeat the process three

more times, reveling in the horrible pain that I cause for her. In only

a little while with me, a kiss on her nipples has gone from giving

pleasure to giving unbelievable searing pain. 



I walk around her bound body, enjoying the sight of all the tortured

flesh, and reveling in the thought of what will come next. She is

terrified, her eyes following my every move. After a long while her

breathing has become steady, interrupted by only the occasional racking

sob. I stand between her legs and tell her that I am finally ready to

really hurt her now. Her eyes go wild, she shakes her head and she tries

to talk again, the words unintelligible from the gag pressing down on

her tongue. Oh good, I say, more rule breaking. That shuts her up.



I will now torture this girl's cunt without mercy, slowly and

methodically hurting every part of the sensitive anatomy between her

thighs. I will take my time and enjoy the long slow destruction of her

cunt.



Standing between her legs, I look over the damage so far. The plump

mound of Venus still looks well punished, but color of her beaten inner

thighs and ass has faded a bit. I select the paddle again and refresh

the color of her legs and little round ass cheeks. Five minutes later I

am satisfied with the color. Later I may add some decorative stripes

using the cane before fucking her.



I have spent years learning exactly how much abuse the different types

of flesh found within a girl's cunt slit can take without bleeding or

tearing. This unlucky girl will now get the full benefit of that

knowledge.



Many girls will lose bladder control when their cunt is punished, so get

a pair of rubber gloves and a urinary catheter from my kit. I tear open

the sterile bag, pull out the catheter, clamp off the far end and

lubricate the tip. Then I pull her cunt open with one hand and roughly

push the catheter past her Urinary Meatus and into her urethra. She

really panics now and is yelling past the gag as best she can. This

procedure is not very painful and her begging is pathetic and just makes

me angry. I tell her that violating the rules and enraging the man who

is about to punish your cunt is a really stupid move on her part. That

shuts her up and she begins to cry again. I push the catheter into her

until it enters her bladder and I see the clear tube filling with

liquid. I peel off the gloves, satisfied that the silly bitch can't piss

on me when I start the main event for the afternoon.



I pick up the rod again, show it to her, and then sit down between her

widely splayed legs. I have to be careful with this instrument, it could

easily cut her. Every stroke must be light but, as with the horrific

punishment of her chest, the lightness of the strikes will be made up

for by delivering a huge number of blows. This is actually much more fun

for me than a smaller number of heavy hits, because I have more time to

enjoy the brutalization of her tender flesh. Strong blows look and sound

impressive, but they can only generate a few welts before the blood

flows and continuing would cause permanent scarring. No scars, I

promised, and I might want to play with this little bitch again someday.

Perhaps I will use two girls next time and have them compete in sexual

services with the loser getting punishment while the winner deep throats

my cock. Lots of light blows will also make the entire region sing with

pain at the slightest touch and also cause nice deep bruising. I take

some comfort in knowing that my careful work will be enjoyed by this

stupid little slut for a long time. It is safe to say that when I am

done with it, she won't be using her cunt to fuck any of other clients

for a while.



The thick fleshy outer lips are strong and elastic, designed to protect

the thin delicate inner lips. There is not much protection now because

the girl's legs are splayed so wide by the restraints, the outer lips

pulled apart by the taunt skin of her well beaten inner thighs. The thin

and delicate inner lips are partially exposed but still hide the

entrance to her vagina. At the top of the cleft, the folds of the inner

lips merge to form the clitoral hood which still mostly serving its

purpose by hiding the Glans Clitoris, easily the most sensitive spot on

a girl's body. Her clit is fairly large and is still bulging out from

the earlier stimulation. She came easily, so I am guessing that her clit

is very sensitive, a feature that she will soon regret.



The first part of the cunt beating will be to Labia Majora, or outer

lips. Using the carbon fiber rod, I carefully hit the right lip,

repeating the blow several times before pausing to watch the reddening

of the flesh before switching to the other side. Her labia are nice and

thick and the thin black rod sinks deep into the rubbery flesh on each

blow. This will make great footage. The strokes are parallel to her slit

but move from side to side to ensure that all of the flesh, from the

taunt tendons of her inner thighs right up to the inner lips in her

gaping slit, receives its fair share of abuse. 



I relax into the cruel rhythm of the cunt caning. There is still plenty

of time so I don't hurry. As the slow steady blows go on and on, the

outer lips first become red, then swell and finally turn an angry

reddish purple. I have to pause several times when it sounds like she is

having trouble breathing between the ragged sobs and pitiful muffled

pleas and screams. When my urge to torture this part of her cunt has

finally been satisfied and the outer lips look like thick purple

sausages surrounding her slit, I finally stop. Sitting quietly between

her legs I listen to her ragged sobs and muffled begging while reveling

in the sight of the damaged sex. Her once tiny cunt lips continue to

swell and change color like some grotesque flower blooming. When her

breathing becomes more regular, I get up, get a towel from the table and

go around to her head. I gently wipe her face and plant a kiss on her

forehead. Her blue eyes are glazed and her curly blonde hair is matted

with agony sweat. I return to the chair between her abused thighs to

continue the torture.



The flesh in her Pudendal Cleft, the groove formed by the outer lips,

will now receive my full attention. To make access to the cleft easier,

the outer lips will be pulled apart. I select 4 large binder clips and

clamp 2 on each of the big fleshy labia. The labia are so swollen that I

have trouble opening the strong clamps wide enough to get them on. The

attachment of each clamp to the well punished flesh elicits a long

muffled scream. I use one bungee cord on each side, wrapping it around

her thigh and connecting each end to one of the binder clips on that

side. The cords are short and strong. Her terribly bruised Labia Majora

are now pulled wide open and held taunt, grotesquely exposing the

undamaged flesh in her slit. The unmarred inside surface of the outer

lips and the thin delicate inner lips are now fully exposed. Her cunt is

pulled wide and the tiny vaginal opening is gaping open. Her clitoris is

now fully exposed and I am pleased to see that it is quite prominent for

such a petite girl. I flick it with a finger and am gratified to see

that she jerks and yells at this light touch. This will be a memorable

day for both of us, but I suspect that her memories will give her

nightmares for years. I have already hurt her more than I have ever hurt

a girl before and playtime is not nearly over.



I now cane the freshly exposed inside of her Labia Majora using the

carbon fiber rod. There is little more than an inch of undamaged flesh,

but I want to be thorough. It only takes a few minutes to make the

tender flesh bruise and swell. Her cunt now looks like it has been

dissected, the outer lips, grossly stretched by the clamps, are so

purple and deformed that it looks like the skin has been removed. I

congratulate myself on the excellent work. Without the video for proof

it would be hard to believe that the beautiful thick lips of her cunt

have been transformed into an unrecognizable mass of tortured flesh

without any bleeding.



Punishment of the Labia Minora, or inner lips, is next. Again I will use

the carbon fiber rod, but much more carefully than when I beat her outer

lips with it. The inner lips are thin and very delicate, but they will

still be caned. The blows begin using the same pattern as before,

several light taps on same side before switching to the other. The

strokes are very controlled, hitting only the thin flesh between the

outer lips and the vaginal opening while avoiding the top of the slit

entirely. I can see her cunt opening and anus clench with every hit. The

flesh of the inner lips quickly become blood red and vaginal opening

begins to ooze a slick fluid in a vain effort to provide some

lubrication. I think it is wonderful that sometimes a woman's

subconscious will respond to sexual pain, abuse and even torture by

causing her vagina to lubricate in preparation for the coming rape. The

cruel drumbeat of the punishment continues until I notice that she is

silent and no longer twitches at each blow. She must have lost

consciousness again. The inner labia look like thinly sliced raw steak,

so it was time to stop anyway, before they start bleeding. I gaze at the

sight of her now completely abused labia while my rigid purple cock head

drips a steady stream of fluid onto the floor.



I am getting tired of having to revive the little bitch and decide to

give her stimulant to keep her awake. After fetching an Epinephrine

Auto-injector and an alcohol wipe from my kit bag, I clean a spot on her

outer thigh and inject the stimulant. Epinephrine is an adrenaline

analog and it soon brings her back to the nightmare of pain. Now she

will stay awake longer before passing out and will probably panic much

more easily, both will make good film. After a minute or so, the drug

gets into her system and her eyes go wild. She begins to scream and

babble past the gag. I think she is trying to stop the action, begging

me to not hurt her anymore, saying she doesn't even want the money now.

Too bad, I'm not nearly done playing with her. I wipe her face again,

give her a kiss on the cheek and return to the seat between her well

beaten thighs.



I stare at her tortured cunt for a few minutes, sitting quietly while

pre-cum drips from the head of my prick onto the floor. She has quieted

down a bit and I decide to remove the gag and enjoy her screams and

begging at full volume for a while. Walking over to her head, I unbuckle

the gag and pull it from between her teeth. Then I clean her face and

smooth her sweat soaked golden hair around her face. Her eyes are glazed

and in a hoarse voice she starts thanking me for not hurting her

anymore. I bend down and plant a kiss on her lips. They are dry and

cracked, so I fetch some petroleum jelly and grease them up. Then I tell

her that I am not done, that she has to be punished some more for

talking so much during the pussy whipping. She begins to cry again at

this news and I return to my seat between her twitching legs.



I plant an open mouth kiss on her clit, reveling in the heat from the

beaten flesh of the labia. For several minutes I gently lick and suck

the engorged and sensitive bud. I pull away to look at the uninjured

flesh at the top of her cleft. Her Clitoral Hood has already pulled away

from the tension of the tightly stretched labia, fully exposing the

Glans Clitoris, swollen and sensitive from being licked only moments

ago. I know that hers is very sensitive, because she came so easily

earlier. The urge to beat it hard is very strong, but the tissue is

delicate and the blows must be gentle if the beating is to be long

enough to make good footage and to satisfy my sadistic desire. My

arousal is so urgent now that it makes me dizzy, but I am a man of

discipline and will maintain control. 



I will use a different method to beat her clit. The carbon fiber rod is

very flexible and springy. I place the tip of the rod directly on her

clit and change the angle of my wrist flex the shaft of the rod,

pressing the tip hard against the delicate bud. Using my other hand I

grasp the shaft of the rod a few inches back from the tip, pull the tip

away from her clit and then release it suddenly. The tip snaps down with

considerable force, accurately impacting her exposed clitoris. It takes

almost a second before the blow to the nerve rich flesh elicits a full

throated scream from the petite blond. I wait until the scream has

finished and she begins to gasp in a breath before repeating the

process. I try to time the blows so that she has enough air in her lungs

to make a good scream possible. I am in heaven now, delirious from the

sight of the cane crashing into her clit punctuated by pitiful sounds of

agony. For a true sadist, it doesn't get any better than this.



It does not take long for the punishment to have obvious visual effect.

After the first few blows, the clitoris shrinks back from the abuse,

almost disappearing under the hood. But after a few dozen more stinging

blows the inflammation begins and the bud is again fully exposed to the

impacts of the rod. After a few dozen more, the swelling has become

pronounced and her clit has gone from pink to red to nearly purple. I

decrease the force of the blows but continue, knowing that it is

possible to get deep bruising without making the area bleed. I have to

pause several times when she is unable to breathe due to the

unbelievable level of pain or when I am in danger of losing control and

ejaculating. Long streamers of thick liquid already hang from the end

cock head before dripping into a growing puddle on the floor. The slow

cruel pace of the clitoris torture continues. 



The sounds during the clit beating are wonderful. First there is a loud

snap from the thin rod crashing into the now grotesquely swollen bud.

Then the room rings with a loud scream that tapers to choking sobs. Next

there is gasping for breath, then croaking begging interspersed with

ragged sobbing. Then another loud snap as the cruel cycle repeats. Over

and over it continues until she has lost her voice and even her screams

are almost silent.



At last I stop the cruel beating of the most sensitive spot on her body.

Even to me, beating a young girl like this is a truly barbaric act of

torture. I sit quietly in a dream like state watching her clitoris

continue to swell and darken for several minutes relaxing until I no

longer feel that cum will erupt at the slightest movement. Her clit is

now deeply bruised and so inflamed that the hood looks like a tiny

collar stretched around the base of the thick purple bud. It is so large

from the swelling that it sticks out from her injured cunt like a purple

finger. I am very satisfied with this part of the discipline. Bending

forward I take the thick hot flesh between my lips and suckle it for a

full minute while she tries to scream some more. 



When I notice that the little bitch has passed out again I stand up and

go try to revive her. A combination of smelling salts and slaps to her

face finally bring her to an incoherent, only semi-conscious state. This

will have to do for now, I can't risk another shot of stimulant quite

yet. I gently clean her pretty little face, smooth out her hair and then

plant a kiss on her nose. I feel an odd need to be gentle with her now.

I ponder this for a few moments before forcing my thoughts back to the

next way that I will hurt her cunt.



My penis is still hard and is becoming an angry shade of purple. I will

have to ejaculate soon and plan to do so in her tortured cunt hole. Her

vagina has not received any attention so I must punish the hole before

forcing my angry purple cock head into it.



After placing the clamped end of the catheter into a bucket, I remove

the clamp and wait for the stream of urine to stop flowing. Then I pull

the catheter out of her bladder and urethra in one long slow pull. After

discarding the catheter and dumping the bucket I ponder how to best hurt

her vagina. Except for the urinary meatus and the cervix, most of the

nerve endings are near the vaginal opening. I want to be sure to cause

as much pain as possible when I finally penetrate her injured cunt with

my rod, so I will concentrate on punishing these three areas, using a

different type of torture for each.



I will work on her cervix first. The cervix is the ring of strong muscle

covered by a sensitive mucus membrane. It is the part of the uterus that

extends a small way into the vagina.&nbsp; 



I plunge two fingers into her cunt hole and feel around the top of her

vagina, toward her belly, for the cervix. It is easy to find, just over

two inches past the opening of her cunt. I feel for the tiny opening in

the cervix that allows a man's sperm to gain passage into the womb and

wonder if I could force a finger into it. I try for a few minutes while

she bucks and tries to complain, but the muscle is too strong.



Her cunt is still quite tight for a whore. Again I wonder how long she

has been at the brothel. Perhaps the other girls were jealous of her

easy tricks with the rich old bastards who played daddy with her. I

could easily imagine that she had only been there a few months, making

money for college. Too bad one of the other girls didn't warn about the

harsh nature of the game that I play with the girls. She should still

have been suspicious about the large sum offered for just a few hours

work. The other girls would have known that she might have to be

sedated for several days to recover from the shock of the torture. Even

when she is able to be out of bed, her cunt will out of commission for

a week or more, limiting her to giving those excellent blow jobs while

her cunt and nipples recover from the abuse. While I am curious why no

one warned her, I don't really care. I just want to finish torturing

her cunt hole so that I force my cock into the agonized hole to get

some relief.



I will have to use a speculum to forcefully spread her vagina open to

give better access to her cervix. I get one from my bag, lube it and

force the cold metal into her cunt. I adjust the speculum to force her

tight little hole to open wide. I don't stop until it is gaping,

stretched so far that it looks like it will tear if forced any further.

Her cervix is now easily visible and I smear it with lube. After

fetching cervical dilators from my bag, I put a hand on her flat little

belly, feel around for her uterus, and press down hard on it. This

forces her cervix down into her vagina and toward the gaping opening of

her cunt hole. Using my other hand, I force the tip of the smallest

dilator into the tiny opening in her cervix. This procedure is always

performed with an anesthetic. Of course I want it to give her as much

pain as possible with the procedure. My efforts are rewarded with full

body spasms and gut wrenching screams from the unfortunate girl. When

the tool is embedded deep in the opening to her womb, I pull it out and

get the next largest size. This process is repeated several times to

force her cervix to open. It must be done slowly to prevent the cervix

from tearing. For many long minutes she must endure the dilation until

the opening is about 3 centimeters. I put a rubber glove on my right

hand, lubricate my index finger and insert the finger into her uterus. I

am thrilled to be able to feel the inside of her womb and force the

finger in as far as possible until I can feel all around her tiny little

uterus. She is now enduring the worst cramps and pain of her short life.

Damn, she has passed out again. I pull the finger out and peel off the

glove.



It is time for another shot of stimulant. I swab another spot on her

thigh and then think of a better idea. After getting her to barely

regain consciousness, I swab her clitoris with an antiseptic pad and

then force the auto injector to puncture the center of her clit. That

gets a fantastic reaction and her entire body goes rigid. The needle on

the ephedrine injector fully penetrated her hugely distended clit and

pumped the powerful stimulant directly into the nerve rich areas at the

top of her cunt. She goes completely rigid, with her eyes bugging out

and the tendons in her neck all easily visible. 



I have never been so harsh on any of the other girls and can't

understand why this lovely petite blond has turned me into such a

monster. But I am glad that she brings out the worst in me, this has

been the best sadistic sexual experience of my life. The movie will be

fantastic.



Pressing the needle into her clit hard, I roll the injector around a bit

then hold it for a full minute to make sure the ephedrine gets absorbed.

When I finally pull the needle out, just a tiny bit of fluid tinged with

blood leaks from the puncture. Her clitoris, a sense organ for female

pleasure, is now so thoroughly maltreated that I doubt that she will

ever let anyone touch it again. The amount of abuse that this poor

little girl has already suffered is breathtaking, but I am not done yet.



A new rubber glove is pulled on and lubed. This time I force two fingers

into the opening of her cervix. The ephedrine has given her some voice

again and the screams and begging become my stimulant. I don't stop

probing the inside of her uterus until I am satisfied that it has been

tortured enough. I briefly consider dilating her cervix enough to allow

me to force my cock directly into her uterus, but it actually seems too

barbaric to me.



I retract the cervical dilator tool, and pull it from her cunt. Then I

spend a few minutes examining her gaping hole before bending down to

kiss and suck the ruined bud of her clit. Judging from her squeals and

cries, it gives her no pleasure now.



I have one last task before removing the speculum.&nbsp; The urinary meatus

is the opening of the urethra into the very front of the vagina, just

below the clitoris, but on the inside. I had penetrated it with a

catheter earlier, but that was hardly enough punishment to satisfy my

urges. This is where the urethra empties a girl's bladder into the

entrance of her vagina. The urine helps to keep the vagina clean and the

area is very sensitive. It won't be possible to hurt it too much before

she would require hospitalization, but it can still be made to suffer

some abuse. 



Using a stiff toothbrush, I begin to scrub her urinary meatus. I press

the bristles hard against the sensitive area and rub them around while

she emits high pitched shrieks. I pause several times to check the

damage, continuing until the area deep red and starts to weep a clear

fluid.



It is now time to remove the speculum. When this is done I inspect her

cunt hole. It has been forced open for so long that it continues to

gape, twitching as the muscles of her vagina try to recover some tone. I

think about fisting her now, but my excitement has grown too vivid to be

ignored much longer. I almost orgasm just thinking about lubricating my

fist and then punching hard at the tiny opening of her cunt, over and

over, perhaps hundreds of times, until it finally gives way and my fist

sinks deep past the horrifically injured flesh. Perhaps someday I will

enjoy hurting a girl that way, but not today. I sit still for a few

minutes until I calm down a bit and then prepare for the next phase.



Next I want to hurt the nerve rich area just inside her vaginal opening.

Even after having been distended with the speculum, her cunt hole is

still tiny. I need a way to stretch it open for punishment. I could just

use a bottle brush to scrub at the flesh until it becomes painful.

Perhaps later, first I want to cane it with the carbon fiber rod. I get

more binder clips and attach them to the flesh surrounding the opening

of her vagina. A lot of clips have to be used because the flesh of the

inner lips and vagina is delicate and the force must be distributed if

this idea is to work without tearing the flesh. When the entire vaginal

opening is surrounded by clips, I thread a length of nylon cord between

the clips and captured flesh. When the cord completely encircles her

cunt hole, I tie the ends together. Strong bungee cords are then wrapped

around her thighs and used to stretch the captured flesh, pulling it

hard enough so that it drags the flesh that forms the entrance of her

vagina out of the hole a bit. Perfect, about an inch of flesh pulled

from the inside of her cunt hole now forms a glistening pink circle. The

delicate and nerve rich mucus membrane is now ready for torture. I fetch

the rod, stand beside her belly facing her feet and begin to beat away

at the newly available flesh. Light and persistent blows are again the

rule, I aim carefully so that the just the tip of the rod impacts the

flesh pulled out of her cunt hole. Someday I would love to beat a girl

without restraint, but I promised the owners that she would be usable

again in a week or so. She is soon screaming, sobbing and then and

gasping for air. After about 5 minutes she has mostly lost her voice

again. I stop periodically to inspect the damage and make sure that the

skin is not getting stripped away. There is no damage other than the

expected horrific bruising and welting of the tender vaginal flesh, so I

continue the beating. I change position several times to ensure that the

entire ring of exposed flesh gets an equal amount of attention from the

tip of the carbon fiber rod. Finally satisfied, I drop the rod onto the

table and watch the girl's heaving chest for a long time while racking

sobs make her petite body quiver. I want to fuck her as soon as the

punished flesh of her vaginal entrance finishes swelling up. I guess

that it won't take long before her cunt swells completely shut, and then

I will force it open again and again.



I examine the tiny young blond girl's grossly exposed and horribly

brutalized cunt. My cock is rigid with lust, and drips a steady stream

of pre-cum, it will get a reward very soon now. The beaten area is

framed by bright white stockings and lacy white garter belt. Her thighs

and ass are bright red from the thorough beating they received. Her

pubic mound is purple, raised several inches above her belly from

bruising caused when it was paddled far too hard. This was an error on

my part. No girl this thin should ever have her pubic mound beaten so

hard, it probably bruised all the way to the bone. The outrageously

distended outer lips, so terribly beaten, are still pulled to each side

by clamps and strong cords. The inner lips and the flesh near her cunt

hole is also gripped by binder clips that so pull hard on the tender

flesh that the flesh of her vaginal walls is pulled outside where it was

exposing to yet another pitiless thrashing so severe that it will soon

cause her vagina to swell shut. Her poor cunt looks like it has been

vivisected in some ghastly experiment. The amount of undeserved

punishment that I have delivered to the flesh of her cunt is staggering.

Her clitoris is the crown jewel of the vulgar display. Beaten and

punctured until it has become a huge bloated thing that juts out from

the tortured flesh of her vulva like a weird purple growth. I am amazed

at how large and disgusting it has become. 



After a few minutes more, the swelling of her vaginal entrance is

sufficient and the opening is completely closed off by the injured

flesh. I am satisfied that her pussy has been properly punished. Proud

that not one drop of blood has been spilled, I will now fuck her damaged

cunt.



I quickly remove the bungee cords and clamps from her cunt, enjoying the

sight of the brutalized flesh slowly contracting after it was distended

and tortured for so long. It is a wonderful sight. I stand and step

forward. Then begin to gently rub my cock head over all the brutalized

parts of her cunt. The flesh is hot and now that the clamps have been

released, it is swelling up even more. Rubbing against the punished

labia elicits moans interspersed by squealing and begging, very

satisfying. But it is rubbing my cock against her distended purple

clitoris that gives the response I want - full throated screams, gasping

cries and garbled offers of anything that I desire, she will do anything

if I will stop, no, God no, please stop. 



The entrance to her cunt is difficult to find, hidden by a pulpy mass

flesh that is the vaginal wall I just pulled out from the inside of her

vagina and caned. It takes time, but eventually, after a lot of

screaming on her part, I line my rigid engorged penis up with the

damaged hole and begin to push while she yells and cries like she is

being killed. It is way too tight to penetrate like this, hot and dry,

so I stop and lube her up. I am thrilled to find that just pushing my

finger into the tortured hole is difficult and makes her begin to gasp

for air and then sob uncontrollably. This will be great fun.



I spend another minute rubbing the dripping head of my cock in circles

around her damaged clitoris while enjoying her futile begging for mercy.

Then I find the location of her damaged vagina again, the tiny opening

is now well lubricated, but so tight that I have push hard to force just

the tip into the screaming girl. I revel in the sight of her petite

form, so cruelly displayed by the tight bondage, jerking and heaving as

she suffers the brutality of a thick cock being forced into her tiny

punished cunt hole. The flesh around and even inside her tiny vagina is

now so grossly swollen from hours of abuse that it will take a lot of

effort to force the obscene penetration. As I work to ram the head of my

cock into the abused hole, the damaged flesh of the vaginal entrance

does not dilate, it only gets pushed further back into her cunt and the

flesh surrounding the ruined hole gets pulled into her body by the

tension of the skin. It is an amazing sight. I repeatedly jab into the

mess while watching as all of the flesh of her crotch from clitoris to

anus gets pulled toward the what used to be her dainty little cunt hole

During the entire time I am trying to shove my cock into her ruined

cunt, she is screaming, sobbing and begging for mercy. The sound of

anguish are an aphrodisiac to me and her pleas for mercy only serve to

make me want to hurt her even more. I have pause several times for a

minute or two to avoid spurting, but finally after more than 10 minutes

of this diabolical abuse, the damaged flesh of her vaginal entrance has

been stretched open enough to give way and the tip of my penis slowly

sinks in just a bit. One more hard push and the entire head disappears

into the spongy mass of wounded flesh.



I rest a moment with the head of my cock lodged just past the damaged

vaginal entrance. Her cunt feels great so far, the injured lips are snug

against the hard rod and the damaged cunt flesh grips it tight. It feels

so good that I have to hold still until the urge to spurt is gone. While

waiting, I busy myself by surveying the damage to her tiny body and

pinching her appallingly bruised nipples to keep her screaming and

begging while I relax. 



Ready to finish the penetration, I bend down a bit to angle my cock up

toward her belly. The will be the first deep stroke and it will smash

into her cervix. I shove it in, hard and deep. Her mouth goes into a

wide 'O' and her eyes roll back. Her reaction is everything I had hoped

for while punishing her cervix and uterus. I pause until she can see

again, then I slowly pull my cock back until just the head is inside

her. I place a hand on her belly where her uterus is located, and press

down hard to drive the cervix down into her vagina. She knows what is

coming and begs over and over for me not to hurt her like this, to whip

her tits more, fuck her ass, anything except this. I am delirious from

the thrill of knowing that I can drive her to such pain. Pushing hard I

stab my cock into her, the head slamming against her displaced cervix. I

repeatedly use my cock head as a bludgeon to hurt the most sensitive

part of her uterus until she passes out from the horrific pain. The

ultimate punishment fuck has been achieved, I can make her pass out with

a few stokes of my cock.



Her cunt has opened up a bit now, so I pull my cock completely out of

the tortured orifice and push it back in on each stroke. The friction of

the slick damaged lips feels great. Penetration is easier now, but I

still have to push so hard that her entire crotch flexes. Now I wish

that I had at least tried to open her cervix enough to get my cock head

inside her uterus, I could have been the first man in history to

actually fuck a girl in the uterus, perhaps next time. I continue the

brutal penetrations, over and over, each one so brutal, so agonizing to

her that each is like a new rape. It is time for me to spurt. One last

penetration, to get the head in, then with one hand I press down on her

uterus again and with the other I viciously pinch an twist her

devastated clitoris. While twisting her clit I pump the head of my cock

hard against the injured cervix until, after hours of raging, my cock

begins to spurt. The pleasure is like an explosion behind my eyes.

Pulling my spurting cock out of the girl I slide the head around her

cunt, swirling it around her ruined clit, spraying semen over it. The

shoving it back into her cunt to finish the ejaculation while I grab her

nipples and pull them hard, pulling them at least 6 inches away from her

chest. My orgasm goes on and on as I ferociously yank on her nipples. I

don't realize until after my orgasm is over that I was actually trying

to rip them off of her tiny little breasts. She has lost consciousness

again, but I don't even care and continue to shove my cock around in her

cunt. I switch from her pulling her nipples to tugging on her distended

clitoris as my orgasm subsides.



Finally finished, I pull out of what used to be her lovely little pussy,

now just a mass of soft tissue battered beyond recognition. My orgasm

took the edge off, but thanks to the drug I took earlier it will remain

hard. I want to use the little bitch to get off again, but will probably

have to abuse her a bit more first. She is still not awake. Checking the

clock I see that plenty time is left before I have to free her, but that

enough time as passed to allow another dose of ephedrine. I want to keep

her awake while I deliver more cruelty to her nether regions. 



I wouldn't mind another of her slow deep throat blow jobs while I hurt

her nipples some more, but I couldn't trust her with teeth and would

have to use a jaw spreader. I don't mind a little mouth rape and forced

deep throat penetration, but it is not what I want right now. Perhaps

nice painful ass fuck is the next order of business. I could even

continue to punish her cunt while my cock is in her ass.



I sit down and examine her anus. Like the rest of her petite body, it is

tiny. I wonder if she is still a virgin there. The thought of possibly

taking her anal virginity with a punishment ass rape cinches it for me.

Ass rape it will be. But first I have to wake her up and hurt her just a

bit more. 



I get another antiseptic pad. All of the auto injectors have been used,

so I get a vial and a regular syringe. She is awake now but very dazed.

I have to think about the best, most painful, place to give the

injection. I would love to abuse her clit some more, but it looks so

injured now that it is a bit sickening. Nipples it is then. As I roughly

clean both with the pad she begins to realize what is coming and

incoherently tries to beg me not to. The auto injector pens give a full

dose on a single injection, but now I have full control. I make a game

of it, pushing the needle into a nipple, pressing the plunger just a

bit, pulling the needle out and moving to the other nipple. Before each

prick of the needle, I ask her if she wants me to stop and then laugh

and ignore the answer. By the time I have emptied the syringe, I have

inserted the needle into each nipple and areola at least 10 times. Tiny

drops of blood decorate the tips of her breasts and she is sobbing and

shaking with the pain and humiliation of the ritual. The effect of this

injection is astounding. Her bruised areolas puffed out over an inch as

if to presenting the damaged nipples for display. Her poor nipples,

already enormously swollen from earlier abuse, become rock hard and

stick out even further, sticking out over an inch from the areolas. The

tip of each nipple now stands out almost three inches from the reddened

breast meat. The effect is beautiful and I fetch the still camera to

record some enlargement quality shots. I will have to make this a

regular feature of my torture sessions. Next time I will inject it into

the girl's nipples while she is still otherwise unpunished to see the

effect it has on undamaged nipples. I clean the blood off using a fresh

wipe. She winces at the touch and whimpers at each touch, but otherwise

remains quiet.



I return to my chair between her legs, give her tortured clit a few

sucks to get her crying again. Then I stand up and move the leg

restraints until she is almost bent double, with her ass crack nearly

parallel to the top of the table. I fetch the rattan cane, stand behind

her and begin to beat her directly between the cheeks of her ass. It is

easy to hit the crack between her ass checks, it has been reduced to a

shallow groove by the wide spread of her legs. I take special care to

ensure that on each blow, a part of the cane hits her on the anus.

Raping a girl's anus is good punishment, but raping her whipped anus is

high entertainment. I can use much harder more satisfying blows for this

as the force of each stroke will be spread out. I am treated to nice

yelps and screams before she settles into nice racking sobs again. I do

love the music. When the entire crack of her ass is a pleasing shade of

crimson, I change the weapon. Using the carbon fiber rod again, I now

concentrate much lighter and careful blows so that the tip of the rod

directly impacts her anal sphincter. A few hundred blows later her anus

is no longer so dainty looking. I have turned it to an angry shade of

purple, and it is very swollen and distended. It looks vulgar and seems

to invite the horrific abuse that I intend to continue heaping onto it. 



I adjust the leg restraints to lower her anus to cock level then take a

few more photos with the still camera. Then I fetch the tube of

lubricant and start to grease up her ass hole. When she realizes that I

intend to fuck her ass the begging becomes much more urgent. She was

saving it as a sort of virginity for marriage. Wow, she really does have

virgin ass, I am delighted and tell her so. Then I continue to grease

her up. I can barely force finger into the mass of bruised flesh, so I

get a nozzle for the tube and empty most of it into her rectum. This

will be great fun. My cock is completely rigid again and I lube the head

and then press it against the huge purple mass that only minutes ago was

a tiny anal ring. I am treated to her screams and begging while pressing

the tip of my cock so hard against her ass hole that it hurts me. For a

full 10 minutes, I try to force my rigid penis past her whipped anus.

But it is to no avail, the swelling is so intense that I cannot force

more than the very tip of my cock head past the strong ring of

grotesquely swollen flesh. Her pleas to let her fuck me with her throat

are beginning to sound plausible, but first I have one more trick to

try.



Rummaging around in my kit, I find an amyl nitrite popper. Moving to

stand beside her head, I break the popper open, then force her mouth

shut with one hand and hold the popper under her nose with the other.

She has no choice but to inhale the powerful drug and I soon see the

effects taking hold. Her pupils dilate and her heart begins to pound as

the drug causes most of the muscles in her body to relax. I quickly move

back to her abused crotch and press my cock against her anus again. The

drug has relaxed the abused sphincter and I can finally force the head

into her rectum. She gives a full throated scream now and I hold still

for a full minute while enjoying the feeling of the internal muscles

trying to eject the unwanted intrusion. 



Then the punishment ass fuck begins in earnest as I start to push my

rigid prick all the way into her rectum in a single slow hard stroke.

She is a tiny girl and my cock is more than long enough to fill her

rectum and probably even penetrate into her bowels. She is sobbing

pathetically now, as I use long forceful strokes to ream out her tender

ass. Each push ends with the wide base of my cock pressed fully into the

tortured hole. The grueling ass fuck goes on steadily for 10 minutes

while she sobs and begs me to stop. I decide to take a pause, pulling my

cock from her abused ass. Saying that I am sorry, I tell her that

fucking her virgin ass is not enough to make me cum. I will have to hurt

her some more in order to get off. She stares wild eyed at me. Then I

ask her where she wants to be hurt - nipples or clitoris. She begs me

not to hurt her clit any more. I look at it closely, it has swollen even

larger than before and looks like it will soon need an ice pack to

reduce the swelling enough to keep circulation going. I tell her that I

agree, it can't be beaten any more today. She is so dazed from the hours

of torture that she actually thanks me! Then I tell her that I will come

back tomorrow to torture her clit again. She loses it at this suggestion

and begins screaming no over and over again.



After squeezing some more lube onto my cock. I try forcing it in again.

It takes me several minutes of pushing while she screams before the ass

fuck begins again. While reaming her ass hole, I reach over the table

and grab the long paint stirrer that I use as a paddle. Then I start to

beat her tits with it. After a few minutes of hitting her tiny little

breasts and her hugely swollen nipples, I drop the paddle onto the cart.

Then I bend forward, rutting my cock deep in her ass, and start to pinch

and twist the thick hot abused buds while she screams continuously.

Finally, when I can feel the orgasm starting, I pick up the carbon fiber

rod and give her quick sharp blows directly on the nipples while boiling

semen erupts deep into her tortured ass. During my long orgasm, I

continue to beat her tiny breasts with the rod, covering them with thin

vertical welts. After my ejaculation is finished, I enjoy the heat of

her ass few a few minutes while making her scream by lightly toying with

her grossly abused clitoris. I continue rubbing it and flicking it with

a finger until she loses her voice and can't scream any more. At last I

finish hurting her and pull my cock out of her ass hole and head to the

bathroom to piss and wash up.



When I return she is quietly crying and I briefly consider getting the

jaw spreader and force fucking her face to another orgasm, but I am a

bit tired and time is almost up. 



I tell her that we are done for today and use the warm wet towel from

the bathroom to clean her up a bit. I begin to undo the straps, warning

her that she must still be obedient, or I will beat her again until she

bleeds. I help the poor little bitch to sit up, then clean the sweat

from her back and arrange her sweat soaked hair. I love the way she

looks now, with her face slack from pain and her eyes glazed from the

almost 4 hours of torture I inflicted upon her tiny little body. I kiss

her full on the lips and tell her that she was a good girl to take all

the beatings that she deserved. As I continue to taunt her, my cock

grows harder, but playtime is over. I help her down from the punishment

table, but she cries out and starts to fall as soon as her shoes touch

the floor. Making her stand up in those fuck me shoes is difficult. When

she puts any weight on her feet the severe angle of the shoes causes

searing pain from the foot caning. The injured soles of her feet must

hurt like hell. I humiliate her further by chastising her for refusing

the gag and making me punish her feet.



She looks truly pitiful now and just nods her head and whimpers. I make

her stand again and she cries out and starts to fall. Angry now, I

threaten her with another whipping and she finally manages to balance on

the ridiculous shoes. Swaying and gently crying she manages a few steps,

legs spread wide from the pain in her crotch, while I laugh at her and

continue to mock her for adding to her own punishment by disobedience.

When she is able to walk without danger of falling, I fetch some hand

cuffs and pull her hands behind her back and secure them there. 



I lead her into a pool of bright light, were she stands submissively,

eyes looking down. To most people she would be an object of pity, a

petite young blond, obviously the victim of horrifying torture. But a

sadist is thrilled at the sight of a well tortured girl, punished purely

for entertainment. She looks wonderful to me. I fetch the still camera

and begin to document the results of my handiwork. I will make a small

fortune from the video and pictures shot today. 



Having her arms secured behind her back shows off her well beaten

breasts. Her tiny tits are bright red and look great on her pale chest.

Both mounds are both decorated with dark red vertical stripes - welts

from when I struck them the carbon fiber rod during my orgasm. The

severely beaten areolas are an angry deep red and puff out unnaturally

far from the breasts. Her nipples, big and thick before I hurt them, are

now outrageous looking. They are bloated from the torture to at least

three times their original size and will probably continue to swell even

further. Permanently erect now, they are deep purple, almost three

quarters of and inch in diameter and about 2 inches long. They will

never fully recover from the massive abuse heaped on them today and will

always remain bigger than normal and unusually sensitive. She may never

again want anyone to touch them.



Next I kneel down to check out the front view of her crotch. The white

stockings and garter belt contrast nicely with her blazing red inner

thighs. The pubic mound is deeply bruised and bulges way out from her

belly, but the real visual treat is her injured cunt. Her cunt lips,

grotesquely swollen and purple, protrude from the bottom of her torso

like an infected wound. Her engorged clitoris is almost black now and

sticks out from between the hideously bloated labia. I realize that in

addition to the pain from her caned feet, every movement of her legs

also makes the labia rub against her clit. No wonder she was so

reluctant to walk. Her slit is still slick with lubricant, so I fetch a

cloth and carefully remove all of the moisture around her damaged

clitoris while she squeals in pain. I am thrilled at the idea of making

her torture herself by walking, and the area is bone dry when I am

finished. Now I can be sure that even the slightest movement of her cunt

lips will grate against the super sensitive injured clit and every step

she takes will now be pure agony.



I walk behind her to check out the view. Her ass and thighs are bright

red from the tops of the stockings to the garter belt. I am startled for

a moment by an angry red mass of glistening flesh sticking out from

between the cheeks of her ass. It is her damaged anus. It has been so

severely traumatized by the vicious beating and rape that it is easily

visible. I kneel down to better see and photograph the damage. I command

her to use her bound hands to spread the cheeks apart and she complies

without a sound. All of the flesh between in the crack of her ass is a

dark purple, bruised from the terrible caning I gave her. All of the

flesh between her legs from the top of her pubic mound all the way to

her asshole has been severely tortured, but her anal area is

unbelievable.



Her anal sphincter is hugely swollen and bruised almost beyond belief.

More than two inches in diameter now, it is also grossly distended,

sticking out well over an inch from its normal position. The delicate

mucus membrane that should be inside her rectum, hidden by the anal ring

is now exposed as a disgusting mass of angry red pulp. I have never

beaten and raped a girl's virgin asshole before, and I am completely

surprised at the level of damage. I take a lot of pictures before

getting a towel and removing all traces of lubricant and moisture from

her anal area. Now each step will cause terrible pain in three places -

feet, clitoris and anus.



Next I get dressed. I plan to take her to the common room now to turn

her over to the Madame for care, but also ensure that the other whores

see the results of my handiwork. If any of them purposefully deceived

her about the severity of the session with me I should be able to tell

from their reaction and arrange to meet with them before leaving. They

should be very happy that their plan worked, and agree to help me

persuade other na�ve young toys to agree to my attentions during future

visits. A promise of some cash for the effort will also help.



I decide that she needs to suffer one more humiliation. I fetch a leash

and collar from my bag. While I buckle the collar around her neck, she

just stares at the floor and cries softly. After I clip the leash to the

collar tears start running down her cheeks and she is blushing in shame.



I tug on the leash to lead her to the door. The first step is everything

I hoped for. She screams from the searing pain between her legs and

stops cold. I warn her that it is time to go unless she wants me to play

with her some more. She shuffles her feet to stand as with legs as wide

apart as possible on those stupid fuck-me shoes before trying to take

another step. A sharp intake of breath tells me that it still hurts like

hell. A few more steps and she starts gasping from the pain, but keeps

moving when I give the leash a sharp jerk. It is wonderful to see the

simple act of walking turned into anguish.



She makes quite a sight as I lead her down the long hallway. She has to

walk bowlegged and takes tiny little steps, wincing each time she puts

any weight on a foot. It is a lovely sight. My flight doesn't leave

until late afternoon tomorrow, and I think about coming to see her first

thing tomorrow morning. I will force her to spend a few hours exhibiting

her damaged body, sucking my balls, kissing, licking, and deep-throating

my cock. I guess that she will be very compliant, submitting to anything

she is told as long as it doesn't involve her injured cunt or nipples.

The walk is taking a long time and she is crying out loudly at every

step before we are even halfway there. Once she stops and doesn't move

when I tug on the leash. I give her a minute before walking over to her

and pinching her left nipple as hard as I can. She gives a loud scream

that echoes in hallway. Still holding the nipple I pull until she starts

walking again. After a few steps I release the damaged bud. For the

remainder of the journey she doesn't resist again, obediently staggering

forward whenever I tug on the leash. Humiliating and tormenting her in

this way is more arousing than anticipated, my cock is getting hard

again. 



When we finally reach the door to the common room, I pause and spend a

full minute toying with her nipples and clitoris while she screams and

begs. After she is reduced to incoherent sobbing again, I stop and tell

her how to behave for her grand entrance. Opening the door, I walk in

while she waits just outside. It must be a slow afternoon, because most

of the girls are here. They heard the screaming and begging through the

door and are staring at me. The room is bright compared to the hallway,

and all that can be seen is the leash disappearing into the dimness. I

give it a tug and the mostly naked, tiny, sobbing blond girl staggers

into the room. There are gasps of shock as the other girls stare at my

petite plaything and realize how extensively she must have been

tortured. One girl goes pale and another crosses herself. I notice that

two of the girls exchange smug glances - I will arrange to meet with

them after I finish packing.



After positioning my punished toy in the center of the room, I command

her to stand still with her legs spread wide so that everyone can

examine her punished areas.&nbsp; They crowd around and gently examine her

wounded nipples, cunt lips, asshole and clitoris. She yelps and cries

out when they touch her damaged bits, but does not attempt to flee.

Good, maybe she has learned to be obedient. I look over at the Madame,

she does not look shocked. Having seen a lot of my work before, she knew

what to expect. I tell her that the girl's nipples, pussy and anus will

all need attention and recommend ice packs. She gives me a mean look,

but nods. 



I tell my unlucky toy that while she recovers she can still service

clients - with her mouth. Several of the girls are visibly startled at

this suggestion and my little blond toy stares at me in shock. I tell

her that I will be back tomorrow for a nice slow throat fuck and that I

am looking forward to playing with her nipples while she blows me. She

staggers at the suggestion, eyes wide and mouth gaping in horror. Before

anyone can speak, I laugh, then turn and leave the room.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:   BinderOfGirls


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





