BDSM Library - Kimiko Loves Puppies




Kimiko Loves Puppies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Kimiko takes good care of her puppy dog.






It was Friday night and every one was out having fun. Everyone except for Kimiko, that is, who had other plans for the night. It was quite in her house, with the only audible sound being that of the TV. Kimiko was in the kitchen preparing a late supper and chatting on the phone to one of her friends. She was suddenly interrupted by the alarm clock going off, at which point she put down the plate in her hands and excused her self from the conversation.
"I'm sorry to cut our conversation short, Mizuki, but I gotta go check up on Ayumu." 
"Oh really?!" said an intrigued Mizuki. "Just don't forget your promise to me. I'm dying to see how you're progressing with him!"
"Just give me two more weeks and I promise to show you everything. Trust me, it'll be worth the wait!" Said Kimiko in a more husky voice, before she hanging up the phone and heading upstairs. Once on the second floor, she went past her own bedroom and into the last room in the hallway. She entered the dark room, flicked the lights back to life and closed the sliding door behind her.
The room lacked anything that indicated who the occupant of the room was. It was tidy and typical, except for some unique additions. The bookshelf was devoid of any books, instead housing a full range of BDSM equipment, including restraints, hoods, gas-masks, gags, plugs, dildos, etc. In another corner of the room was a cupboard that, instead of clothes, contained more unique and custom made tools for inflicting pain. One of the walls held a coat hanger that was used to hang an assortment of whips canes, and paddles. The bed looked normal except for wide leather cuffs attached to each corner. A sturdy looking hook was installed in the center of the ceiling.
On the ground, right in the middle of the room, stood what at first look seemed to be a dog. A second look would reveal that this was no dog, but a human being forced to stand on all four limbs.
"Hello Ayumu." Chirped Kimiku. "How's my little puppy doing?" Kimiko said to the still body on the floor. Ayumu, or "the puppy", was dressed in a gleaming black latex suit that had short limbs, forcing the wearer to fold their arms and legs to get it on. The wearer would have to walk on their knees and elbows, their arms and legs resembling the limbs of a puppy. Around the body was a leather harness that dug deep into the soft latex covered flesh beneath it. The head was covered in a matching latex hood that had only three holes, two small ones where the nose would be, and one large hole where the mouth would be that seemed to be plugged with something. The puppy's penis and balls were covered in the same tight latex. From under the black skin the outline of a ring shaped device that separated Ayumu's balls from each other and the penis could be seen. The outline of a penis ring that held a penile insert could also be seen from under the latex. On his ass, the outline of some type of plug could be seen, which could be accessed by opening a panel on the catsuit that woud expose the whole backside. An electronic looking device was strapped to Ayumu's back, and the outline of wires could be seen running from the device to different areas of Ayumu's body.
"Oh poor baby, you must be in agony right now. How many cycles have you had for the past two hours, hmmmm?" Kimiko knew he could not answer, and took a quick glance at the counter on the device. "oh wow, twenty cycles! I bet you're dying to cum, aren't you sweetie?"
With that, Kimiko reached for one of the buttons on the device and said "lets have one more before I let you cum". She then pressed the button, and the puppy started shaking violently, but unable to move from his "standing" position. She let him take the shocking pulses for a few more moments before shutting it off.
Kimiko then stood up and went to the cupboard and rummaged through, collected some stuff and came back behind the puppy/Ayumu. In a business like manner, she started putting on a pair of red latex gloves that reached to just above her elbows. Once she was satisfied there were no wrinkles, she put on a long red latex apron. She tied the apron behind her and moved to the front of Ayumu. She adoringly stroked her puppy's head a few times before grasping the insert inside the mouth hole, and removed it. What came out was an impossibly long and think penis gag, which required a lot of practice to swallow it all (keep it inside the mouth for hours) without gagging, choking, or dislocating the jaw. Ayumu took a very long gasp for air, apparently relieved that the hateful gag is finally out. Kimiko replaced the gag with her fingers for a few moments, playing with Ayumu's tongue, occasionally reaching for his throat to test his gag reflex.
After a while Kimiko put aside the gag, went behind Ayumu and removed the penis sheath, revealing a plugged penis and severely tied and separated balls. She also opened the panel on Ayumu's suit, revealing his plugged ass. She first removed the long penile insert, along with the ring the went around the penis head to hold the insert in. After that, she held the base of the anal plug in her gloved fingers, and slowly but firmly took it out of Ayumu's anus. It took her a while to extract it, as the plug was as long as her forearm, and almost as thick. Ignoring Ayumu's pained grunts, Kimiko finally removed the whole plug from inside of his ass, the gleaming monster slithering in her latex covered hands.
Then she took a bottle of lubricant, and started coating her right hand and arm with it. She took her time making sure her whole gloved arm had a thick layer of lube, before liberally lube to Ayumu's exposed and gaping hole. Once that was done, she took hold of Ayumu's body harness with her left hand, and inserted the fingers of her right hand into the welcoming asshole. Her long red fingers went in first, all five, digging deeper and deeper until she reached the widest part of her hand. She slowed a little but kept pushing, hearing Ayumu's groaning as he tried to take her hand without tearing his anus. Her hand finally went in, at which point she moved her fingers inside him to form a fist. She remained still for a few moments to allow Ayumu's rectum to adjust to her wrist and arm, and then started a slow pumping motion.
She kept increasing the speed of her pumping until she was virtually punching his inside. She suddenly felt his ass contracting on her arm, and grabbed his penis with her left hand and started pumping that as well. She found her self a nice rhythm of fisting Ayumu's ass and pumping his penis, driving him to a mind blowing orgasm she knew he desperately needed. Ayumu gave out a guttural scream as he exploded in Kimiko's hands. His semen, trapped inside him for days, blew out of him after being teased and denied for so long.
Ayumu kept cumming and convulsing for a few moments before finally losing all his energy and falling on his side. Kimiko slowly took out her hand and wiped it on a near by towel. Then she sat next to her puppy, petting him, stroking his shaking body, and whispering encouragement into his ears. She finally replaced his plug, gag, and penile insert, put back his penis sheath and closed back the panel covering his ass. She then took off her gloves and apron and exited the room, shutting off the lights behind her.

Kimiko went back to finish preparing the supper.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Neo Socrates(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





