BDSM Library - Weekend With 12 Sailors




Weekend With 12 Sailors
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is my 3rd and final story in my \"Weekend With\" trilogy. Our heroines are first taken, by their husbands, bound to a dumpy dive hamburger joint, where they wind up dancing topless with a bunch of soldiers. Jennifer and Sally have so much fun that they return to the same      place bound, and dance topless with the same sailors for a short time. However, they are kidnapped and taken to a hotel, where the sailors have their way with them.






Weekend With 12 Sailors
By Jennifer

The weekend after Sally and I returned from Camp Shady Oaks our husbands, Bill and Dan, had planned something very special for Sally and me. We had shown our husbands the candid photos of what took place at camp, and Dan and I agreed that there were some pretty hot shots. Everyone had to work on Saturday during the day. , so Dan and I walked down to Bill's and Sally's house at 5:00 PM. When Dan said that he was wearing a sportcoat, slacks and a sport shirt, that gave me a clue about what to wear, and I donned an appropriate dress, since he refused to tell me where we were going for dinner. That evening, Sally and I were their obedient sex slaves, we were told only that we would be going out for a little dinner, but were going to play for 3-4 hours, before we left. In their living room, everyone undressed, and Sally's and my wrists were tied behind our backs. To start the evening off, we were put down on our knees and had to suck off both Dan and Bill. With that easy task completed. Sally and I were standing very close to each other in the center of Sally's living room. From Bill's bondage duffle bag, Sally and I were blindfolded and ballgagged. A long rope was threaded and looped between our arms and backs, right under our armpits, to tie us tightly together, tits to tits. The next long rope went around our waists, but as Dan and Bill pulled on the rope, it somehow incorporated our wrists, which were already tied, and held them in the small of our backs. 

There was no need to play with our twats. Each half of an 18" flexible Vibrating Double Dong went all the way into our cunts. They shoved some kind of rag or towel in there, to hold the Dong in, and then tied our thighs and calves and ankles together. Sally and I couldn't move. We couldn't see. We couldn't kiss and makeout. All we could do was stand there and wait for the Dong to give us an orgasm. Our fucking husbands made us stand there for at least 45 minutes. I had experienced the Dong many times and learned that it would make me come about every 15 minutes, and I had 3 orgasms already. I could get off a little faster if I could have made out with Sally. The boys watched some "important" ESPN sports program, which I tuned out. When their program was over, they came and took Sally and me apart and released us, except that our wrists were left tied behind our backs. Next, Sally was on her back on the living room carpet, with Bill and Dan holding her legs up and spread open for me.. I had to kneel on the floor and bend way over in order to go down on Sally. There seemed to be a timetable, and moody Bill seemed a little pissed, when I took the time to give Sally a 2nd orgasm. When I was on my back on the floor, and Sally had to eat me out, she stalled, which meant that she did the works and teased me, and annoyed Bill, before letting me come and have a well earned mind blowing orgasm, but only one.
 
Finally, at least in the living room, Sally and I were on our backs on the padded carpet. Bill and Dan fucked each of us hard and fast, for as long as they could go. The whole living room scene would have been enough for me, if I had known what was coming next. The 4 of us walked through the kitchen on our way to the basement stairs. Dan carried all the bondage gear, and Bill stopped by the refrigerator to grab a can of aerosol whipped cream and a squeeze bottle of Hershey's Chocolate Syrup. The last time we used these foods in bondage sex was when I was tied down on Bill's dining room table, and everybody was a mess before it was over. Our husbands helped us down the cellar stairs, where the posts and beams were. With those guys wielding chocolate syrup and whipped cream, it was going to be a mess. We were re-tied, with our wrists crossed in front of us, and tied to one of the overhead crossbeams. Sally and I got our tits covered with aerosol whipped cream. Our love holes and pussy slits were filled with the airy whipped cream. SQUISH, Sally and I were pushed together and tied securely around our armpits. Half of the 18" flexible vibrating DOUBLE Dong was bent into a "U" shape and shoved up our twats. Sally and I were tied together at our waists and upper thighs. The Dong was turned on and started buzzing away at high speed. We were stuffed with whipped cream and the Dong was buzzing and churning the whipped cream into who knew what, yogurt, sour cream, cream cheese, or some new dairy delight. Meanwhile, Sally's and my mouths were filled with a healthy blast of aerosol whipped cream.

Sally and I had to eat enough of the whipped cream to allow us to get our mouths together and freely makeout. Meanwhile, the Dong buzzed and churned away in our love tunnels. If that wasn't enough, Dan and Bill started spanking our butts. The way they had us tied allowed Sally and me to move and try and avoid there blows by less than a quarter turn, but we were also hobbled by the ropes wound around our thighs and we could just barely shuffle around back and forth. In whatever time our husbands planned this torture for Sally and me, it was one of their best, because Sally and I actually never were able to do any good making out, and I had only 2 pitiful orgasms from the Dong. All I got out of those 45 minutes or so was a sore ass. When we were released, our wrists were tied behind our backs palm-to-palm, and Sally and I had to lick off the chocolate syrup and whipped cream from each other's tits and chests. Some of the Hershey's Syrup had run between our breasts and down almost to our navels, but the whipped cream had stiffened or dried somewhat and when we were separated; the whipped cream had set in little peaks. It was impossible to cleanly lick it all off, and Sally and I were left with a sticky shiny residue on our skin.

Sally and I were standing back under the ceiling's supporting beam. Our bound wrists were tied to another rope, which was thrown over the beam and pulled, until Sally and I were bent over at the waist, in the strappado position, before it was tied off. Our husbands had definitely studied our latest photos from Camp Shady Oaks, and were using them as a starting point for what they were going to do with us. Our husbands coated their cocks with chocolate sauce and gave Sally and me a shot of whipped cream into our twats. Then each of them fucked us doggie-style, pausing after each fucking to give Sally and me another whoosh of whipped cream up the love hole. I, at least, had 2 great orgasms this time. Sally and I were still standing bent over at the waist, when Bill and Dan pivoted us around to stand ass to ass. You already figured out what they did, right? Sally and I each got 1/2 of the 18" flexible vibrating Double Dong shoved up our cunts, and it was immediately turned on. While Sally and I independently fought the Dong for orgasms, our husbands stepped in front of us, grabbed our head or hair and fucked our mouths. I came right after Bill had finished and I had completed licking his cock clean. My 2nd orgasm came in the middle of Dan's face fucking of my mouth. Being a gentleman and also my husband, he paused to let me, at least, ride and enjoy the peaks of my considerably strong spasms. When I seemed to settle down, he finished with 3 great thrusts right into&nbsp; my throat. The Dong was turned off and removed from our love holes.

I thought that we were through, but I was wrong. The rope that held me in the strappado position was removed and I could stand up. That was short lived, because I was soon on my knees behind Sally, with my wrists still tied palm-to-palm. I had to lick Sally's pussy clean and then make her come. What a sticky mess that went partially down her thighs, her whole perineum, all of her pussy lips and 2"-3" around the rest of her pussy and pubis mons. When I tongue fucked her, there was all kinds of gunk in there (chocolate, whipped cream and cum). I got no where tongue fucking her. Her clit was relatively clean, and I was able to get Sally to come twice, even with a partial covering of chocolate syrup. I guess it didn't matter where any food stuff started out or was placed, it could wind up anywhere. When Sally was untied and could stand up, she stretched for a minute or two, and was on her knees cleaning my pussy with her tongue. I stood upright and spread my legs. Thus, Sally had a little easier time of it, although I was certain that my pussy was just as gunked up and messy as Sally's was. She worked on cleaning me up for probably 15 minutes, before getting serious and attacking my clit. I came twice for Sally, before Bill stopped her. It was over. 

Sally and I were totally released from all bondage, told to go upstairs and shower and get all glammed up, because we were going out for dinner. Sally and I scampered up the stairs, through the master bedroom and into their bathroom. Before jumping in the shower, we peed and brushed our teeth. We soaped each other up twice, rinsing in-between each soaping, to get all the dried gunk off our bodies. I flushed my pussy 3 times to get everything out and clean. We dried ourselves off and did our hair. With the aid of a blow dryer, comb, brush and a smidgen of hair spray, the natural waves at the end of my hair looped and curled around my breasts. We finished up by applying lipstick, eye liner, mascara, a little eye shadow and a dab of perfume. Bill and Dan were showered and clean, waiting for us. When we emerged into the bedroom, our outfits were lying out on the bed, and were identical.

Our guys dressed us and prepared us for our evening out. The top was a white collared short sleeve crop top shirt, with NO BUTTONS IN FRONT! Instead, there was a 2" wide matching elastic cloth band that went around my body just below my breasts, and ended with two 8" long tails. Dan snugged up everything and knotted the tails between and below my breasts. With no buttons, all my cleavage was bare and the sides of my breasts were exposed almost to my nipples. My wrists were buckled behind my back into a pair of padded leather handcuffs, which were locked on with a tiny padlock. They were quite comfortable, and I found that they swiveled a bit, so I settled my wrists in the small of my back. Next, I stepped into a pair of red bikini panties, which were pulled up to mid-thigh. I was forced to kneel on the floor and lean over the bed. Dan worked his fingers into my clean tight twat and opened me up. He shoved my 3" remote controlled egg vibrator up there as far as he could. A few Kleenexes were placed against my pussy, and were held in place when my red panties were pulled up. I was up on my feet and stepped into my skirt. Dan pulled it up, zipped up the side zipper and fastened 2 buttons on the elastic waistband. My skirt was a 10" long rather flirty red and black plaid pleated skirt. The skirt hung low on my hips and extended about 2" below my private area crotch. Sally and I were showing a lot of skin. Besides our arms and long sexy legs, our midriffs were bare, from a point about halfway between our navels and the top of where our pubic hair would start, if we weren't shaved, and bare skin was showing right up to the base of our breasts. 

I stepped into my 3" heels, but our husbands had one more new toy, besides the padded leather cuffs, to put on us. A 3" leather collar was buckled around our necks and secured with another tiny padlock. The collar moved quite freely and was equipped with 4 "D" rings around its circumference. Sally and I were dressed and prepared, and it was time to go. Our husbands helped us down the stairs. We walked through the house and out into the garage. Sally and I were loaded into the back seat of Bill's SUV. They tied our upper thighs and ankles together, and a rope from the headrest through one of our collar's "D" rings held us in place, along with our seat belts. We were off and headed generally North. Bill punched a CD in the player and turned up the volume, which was his way of saying, NO TALKING!" From his front seat passenger position, Dan turned around, smiled and turned on the egg vibrators inside Sally and me. Mine was on the random setting, which would keep me entertained and frustrated. I not sure how far we traveled, but when I saw the sign for Highwood, Illinois, the only thing that came to mind was the Great Lakes Naval Training Center. We drove about another 10 minutes and pulled into a pothole marked gravel parking lot. The lit sign on the roof read "Sally's Bar and Grille." How ironic, and below the name it said "Topless Dancers." We parked right in front and Sally's and my ankles, upper thighs and necks were released, and we were helped out of the SUV. My remote controlled egg vibrator was turned off. On the wall, just to the right of the front door, was a green lit up neon sign that read "Topless Dancers Tonite," but above that in red neon the word "NO" was lighted. The place gave off the vibe of being a dive.

We entered. The place was maybe half full. There were tables for four scattered about, and some were occupied most likely by locals drinking beer. Over towards one corner, a group of perhaps 12 sailors had put together 3 nor 4 tables and had glasses and pitchers of beer on their tables. There was a bar with about 12 barstools, but only 2 were occupied. I assumed the 50ish gruff looking lady behind the bar was Sally. She wore a Seaman's sleeveless athletic t-shirt, apron below and a sailor's hat. Her arms were heavily tattooed. Behind her, through the pass through to the kitchen, I saw probably Mr. Sally wearing an identical outfit as the bartender, except that he was even more covered in tattoos. There was a row of booths along one wall and we took the end one. I guess it was actually a banquette, because the seat curved around to 90 degrees and the table was cut to match. The splits in the vinyl covered seat were held together with duct tape and the wooden table was heavily carved with initials. Sally and I slid into the middle of the seat, with our husbands on our outsides. The sailors had been eyeing us and pointing and talking about us ever since we entered the place. A 40ish waitress appeared, with graying blonde hair, too short a uniform dress, and baggy nylons, and asked, "What'll you all have?" Dan ordered for our table, "Four cheeseburgers, with fries, a pitcher of beer, 4 glasses an 2 straws." While waiting for our food, I looked around a bit more, but avoided the sailors, who were trying to get Sally's and my attention. Hanging blow the pass through to the kitchen was a small sign reading, "The best burgers in Lake County, Illinois!" In the corner to the left of the bar, was a small elevated stage, which was all dark, and had 2 shiny poles, near the edge of the stage, for the topless dancers to get $bills stuffed in their g-strings. In front of the stage stood an old Wurlitzer jukebox all lit up and full of 45 RPM records. The restrooms seemed to be down a hall to the right of the bar. Our food came.

With our wrists cuffed behind our backs, Bill and Danhad to feed us. I sipped my beer through the straw in my glass. My burger and thick cut fries were dripping grease. Because I was ravenous, I gobbled down every morsel of the terrible food. I had Dan put a lot of ketchup on my burger just to cut the grease, and drank 2 glasses of beer in getting everything down. Bill asked us how we liked our outfits. Sally answered that we looked really hot and sexy, but also looked kinda slutty, even for this place. We were told that the guys bought them online at 3WISHES.com and were actually sold as costumes. Dan piped in that the sailors sure seemed to like them. Bill asked if we'd like to dance, but before either of us could answer, he added, "With the sailors?" We had barely finished our meal, and never answered the question, when 2 sailors appeared at our table and asked if the ladies would like to dance. Dan answered for us, "Sure, these girls love to dance with good looking sailors." Bill added, "Just one jukebox song per dance, and they like slow romantic songs." My sailor led me over to the dance floor, and Sally's took her over to feed the jukebox. My egg vibrator started up on low. The music started and it was one of those dreamy Frank Sinatra songs. 

My sailor had one arm around my back and a hand on my waist. However, it was that hand that started roaming. It moved up my side, all over my bare middle, under my skimpy skirt in back, to squeeze my ass, and directly to my right breast, where he had a real good feel. Then he kissed me, and I kissed him back. My egg vibrator bumped up to medium speed. All the other sailors were on their feet and surrounded Sally and me. My sailor made a smooth move, as we continued our extended kiss. He switched hands and I got the same caressing and groping all over again. He even stuck his hand under my skirt and between my legs, but was thwarted from further advances by my panties, wad of Kleenex and buzzing vibrator. The song ended with us in the middle of a hot deep kiss and his free hand squeezing my ass. The music stayed slow for the next 3 sailors. I was thoroughly groped and caressed and felt up everywhere they could reach, while still maintaining the semblance of dancing. My inner thighs got caressed and every one of them tried to rub my pussy, but met the aforementioned obstacles. The 5th savvy sailor untied the knot in my crop top between my breasts. The rest of my body was ignored. All they did was kiss and makeout with me, and squeezed my bare breasts, and rub, roll and pinch my hardening elongating nipples. 
 
I was getting confused. My 1st sailor was back actually sucking my nipples. I looked over for Dan, but he had his back to me, talking to a couple of the sailors. I think I had 6 sailors, or they had me, and Sally had an equal number. The making out and a lot of tongue tag continued with the second round for my sailors, along with the breast and nipple play and tit sucking. The music changed tempo to something with a faster steady beat. My egg vibrator went to high. My sailor had his leg between my thighs. He humped my pussy, and I bent my knees and thrust my pelvis forward and back, doing a little dirty dancing, and humped him back. At the same time, his hands were on my waist and he loomed over me, bending me backwards and chasing my mouth with his. When he captured my lips, we kissed deeply and my body swayed seductively left and right. It was then that my crop top slipped over my shoulders, slid down my arms and rested at my cuffed wrists. I shook and screamed and came. Everyone cheered. Now I was truly a topless dancer. I looked over at Sally and her sailors seemed to be mimicking mine, or vice versa. I groaned into the mouth of the sailor kissing me, shivered and came again, 3 songs or 3 sailors later, while humping to the dirty dancing music. More cheers and applause erupted.

The music changed again to some fast swing type songs from the WWII era. My current sailor grabbed my bare boobs and kissed me long and hard. Then, he got both arms around me, causing my arms to lift and go backwards, making my breast jut out just a little more. He crushed me to his chest and twirled me around in time with the music. My short pleated skirt billowed outward revealing my upper thighs, panties and ass. When he finished my twirl. He grabbed my bare shoulders, and pushed and spun me towards another waiting sailor, who caught me by my tits. Then, it continued that way for 3 or 4 more sailors. On my next spin and twirl one sailor caught me by my boobs and another stood next to him holding a glass of beer. My head was bent back and I was forced to chug the glass of beer. I looked over to Dan, who was again talking to more sailors, but Dan just gave me the bottoms up sign. There were more cheers and a couple of sailors stuffed dollar bills into the waistband of my pleated skirt. My sailor licked off my beer foam mustache, kissed me and resumed the game. Two sailors later it happened again. I had to chug another glass of beer. More cheers and more money went into my skirt's waistband. Their game resumed. I had 2 beers with my burger, plus the 2 that I just chugged, and I was getting dizzy.

On my next beer chugging attempt, I got 2 swallows down and couldn't drink anymore. The rest of the glass of beer spilled out of my mouth, over my chin and all over my breasts and below. I got booed and didn't get any money stuffed in my skirt's waistband. However, several eager sailors were all too willing to lap the spilled beer off my bare front. Two of them in particular spent far too long licking my nipples. The jukebox droned on, switching back to those slow romantic songs that started it all, but by then no one even pretended to dance. A sailor got me in a tight clench and kissed me long and hard. Then he dipped me. He held the kiss and bent me backwards at the knees, so that my body was about parallel with the floor, and my hands touched the floor and my tits pointed to the ceiling. My skirt was flipped up and sailors began stuffing more dollars into the waistband of my panties this time. Hands lingered and rubbed and groped my pussy and thighs and any other part of me they could get their hands on. I saw Dan moving towards me. He gave me the thumbs up sign. I think he and Bill wanted each of Sally's and my 6 sailors to have a chance to do the dip thing on us. My egg vibrator had consumed my body. I moaned into their mouths, while I was being kissed, and the other times I screamed and screamed and came and came and came. On my 4th dip, two old codgers walked over from a table, where they had been quietly drinking and watching from the only occupied table that had a view of the dance floor. They said that Sally and I were better than any of the topless dancers that worked at the bar and grille. They stuffed dollar bills inside our panties. 

Two more sailors and 2 more maulings, and Dan and Bill stepped in to "save" Sally and me. They pulled our crop tops back over our shoulders and knotted them between our breasts. Before leaving, I went up to each of my 6 sailors and gave them a good kiss and thanked them for a fun time. Sally and I were tied in the back seat of the SUV and we started for home. A CD was played loudly by Bill, to stifle any conversation between Sally and me, but our egg vibrators were remotely turned on a medium setting to keep us occupied. When we got inside Sally's and Bill's house, our padded leather cuffs, and their little padlocks, were removed, and our egg vibrators were turned off. We were ordered to go upstairs and take a quick shower, leaving our 3" waterproof egg vibrators deep in our vaginas. The first thing that we did was to strip our tip money out of our skirts and panties waistbands, and count it. Each of us made over $150.00 apiece, including $20.00 each from the old codgers. Sally put her tip money in her underwear drawer. I would give mine to Dan to hold, and later Sally and I would shop at Victoria's Secret. We undressed and headed for Sally's bathroom. Before showering, we had to pee out all that beer we drank. Maybe we were a little sweaty, and the beer that I dribbled down my front had to be washed off, but otherwise we were relatively clean. When we dried off, our hair took a little extra attention to get it presentable. I slipped into my 3" heels, carried my wad of tip money and headed downstairs naked to the living room.

I got dressed in my bra, panties and the dress that I originally wore, when Dan and I walked over to Sally's and Bill's house. Dan locked my wrists crossed behind my back and turned my egg vibrator up to high. Dan and I walked the few doors back to our house, although I did have to stop for one orgasm. When we got home, Dan freed me, stripped me, re-tied me, and we fucked and sucked into the wee hours of the morning.

**********************************************************
For the next 4 weeks, I was back in my housewife/businesswoman routine. Sexual normality was also restored. Dan and Bill had us as their bondage sex slaves for 4 weekends in a row, except that our husbands seemed intent on pressuring/coercing Sally and me to go back to Sally's Bar and Grille in Highwood, Illinois, where we danced with all those sailors. It actually was a lot of fun to dance bound and topless, and get felt up, kissed and pussy stroked, so we finally agreed to go. On the following Friday, Dan gave me strict instructions, before he left for work. Friday night we were going to Sally's Bar and Grille and hopefully dance topless with some sailors from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station near Highwood, Illinois. 

I had to get home from work, shower, do my hair and put it up in a ponytail and makeup my face. Dan arrived home from work just as I was finishing my hair. I put on my makeup, while Dan took a quick shower. He dressed, while I put on the new outfit Dan had purchased for me to wear that was lying on the bed. The top was a white collarless crop top, with no buttons and wide off the shoulder straps. My 1st outfit had an elastic 2" band under my breasts, with 8" tails that were knotted between my breasts. This crop top simply cupped and molded my breasts, top and bottom, when the 12" tails were tied between my boobs. I put on my black mesh see through g-string panties. The skirt went on next. It was a one size fits all Spandex red and black plaid pleated micro mini skirt that was only 8" long, with a 2" wide ruffled red and white waistband. When I got it on, pulled up the side zipper, fastened the waistband button, and tugged it down over my hips, it covered my g-string panties by barely an inch, when I stood in front of the mirror in my 3" heels. Dan looked pretty sharp in his new polo shirt, khakis and stockless tassel loafers. Dan looked me over and told me to put on some eye shadow. While I did that, he sniffed his way through my perfume bottles on my dresser. I rarely wear perfume

Dan selected a small vile of "Man Killer," a perfume that I had gotten somewhere as a free sample. The vial couldn't have held more than 1/8 &#8211; 1/4 of an ounce of this moderately priced fragrance. It had a glass rod applicator, like a bottle of iodine. The fragrance was a combination of passionflower and sandalwood. I applied a dab of the perfume behind each of my earlobes and a good swipe of it between my breasts. Then, Dan buckled my wrists behind my back, with the padded leather wrist cuffs, and secured them with a tiny padlock. He pushed me onto my back on our bed, flipped up my skirt&nbsp; and pulled my see through g-string aside. Dan applied 2 or 3 dabs of the perfume on my shaved pubis mons. After replacing my g-string and skirt, Dan flipped me onto my belly. He again flipped up my skirt and pulled my g-string aside. He smacked my butt once, and then he fingered my love hole, until I was wet and open. He pushed my 3" remote controlled egg vibrator all the way up my magic cock receptacle. He put a few crumpled pieces of Kleenex over my pussy, put my g-string back and flipped my skirt back down. I thought I was ready to go, but Dan took a silver necklace out of his pants pocket. The necklace had a 1" X 3" rectangular name plate in the center, with the name "Tiffany" engraved on it. As he buckled a ballgag behind my teeth, Dan told me that I would be known as "Tiffany" that night.
 
My husband helped me down the stairs. We stopped at the front hall closet, where he put my knee length green raincoat over my shoulders, buttoned it up and cinched the belt. Dan peeked out the front door to see if the street was clear. We walked down the sidewalk 4 doors to Sally's and Bill's house. The garage door was open and I could see that sally was ballgagged and buckled into the back seat of Bill's SUV. I was helped into the SUV's back seat and buckled in place with the safety belts. My ankles and knees were tied together. I noticed that Sally was wearing a new necklace identifying her now as "Tammy," and she was wearing a bright yellow mid-thigh length raincoat. We set off for Sally's Bar and Grille in Highwood, Illinois. The drive from Lake Forest, Illinois was normally just about 45 minutes, without the early traffic, but it seemed to go a lot faster. I didn't understand why we left so early. Wouldthere even be any sailors there when we arrived? Maybe it was due to Dan, who turned our 3" RC internal egg vibrators up to high. Our movement was limited and we were pretty well silenced by our ballgags. We squirmed and moaned and whimpered. I came 3 times, during the car ride, but I'm not quite sure if the guys in the front seat knew or even cared, because they were singing along to some CD playing in the SUV's audio system. All of a sudden, we were pulling into the parking lot and my egg vibrator was turned off.. The old potholed gravel parking lot had been paved over with asphalt. We parked in the 4th row. From each rear door, Dan and Bill reached in and unfastened our seat belts. Our knees and ankles were untied and our ballgags removed. 

As we entered Sally's bar and Grille, I noticed that the neon "topless dancers tonight" sign had the word "no" was lit up, meaning no topless dancers that night. It was probably just as well, because if Tammy and I had done our little floor show, we would take the topless dancers tips away and Sally would kick us out. We moved directly to our corner banquette in the back. The place was only about 1/3 full. Most of the patrons were probably from the after work crowd, and new after dinner drinkers would show up. I wondered again why we had gone so early. Our sailors were there, just starting their dinners and possible 1st pitcher of beer. When we arrived at our banquette, and saw a "RESERVED" sign on it. I began to grow suspicious. Our raincoats were unfastened and taken off and hung on a peg. Tammy wore an identical outfit to mine. We slithered into the duct tape repaired booth, and our husbands sat next to each of us. Even before our waitress came to take our order, 2 sailors, each with 3 stripes on their sleeves, came up to our table and asked it the ladies would be available to dance tonight. Bill answered for us and told the sailors that Tammy and Tiffany would be pleased to dance with them, just as soon as they finished their meal. They thanked Bill and went away mumbling something about, "I got dibs on Tiffany!" 

I told Dan that I wanted a hot dog and a bag of chips, but said that I'd have a little beer too. All the others chose the greasy cheeseburger and thick cut French fries. What could they do to an Oscar Mayer hot dog and a bag of Jay's potato chips? There was only one waitress and she looked harried. Dan and Bill had already noticed her flitting from table to table, taking and delivering orders. I'd bet she stood about 6'3" in her towering heels. She was slim and curvy and sexy, flirting with every single guy at every table. She was probably in her early 20s, and maybe she was one of the topless dancers picking up a shift. I'm certain that she would get good tips. She had long braided blonde hair, and wore a halter top (no bra) and a short pleated miniskirt, similar to Tammy's and mine, but not nearly as short. She must have been a 44 EE or FF or GG. The current sport among all the patrons, including our sailors, was to pinch her ass or lift up her skirt and smack her behind, when she bent over a table, to serve food or drinks. When our waitress came to our table, she said, with a wad full of gum in her mouth, "What'll it be?" Dan ordered 3 cheeseburgers with fries, a hot dog and a bag of chips, a pitcher of beer and 4 glasses and 2 straws, plus a large Coke. There is this old adage that says you don't fuck the face. It couldn't apply more to our waitress. Her face was caked with makeup trying to cover up her post adolescent pimples. There was so much mascara and eye shadow around her eyes that she looked like a raccoon. 

A napkin dispenser and the condiments were already on our table, when our food arrived. Dan had to feed me, and he put Ketchup and mustard on my dog. It was reasonably good, but not a 100% Chicago all beef dog, or a Wisconsin bratwurst. I drank about 1/2 glass of beer and switched to my Coke. Sally, at the bar, was filling a vertical display case with fresh pies. I ordered a piece of cherry pie, heated, and ala mode. The pie was not homemade, but the commercially made pie that you'd find at any grocery store. The pie was good and hit the spot, but Dan ate almost half of my piece. After my face was cleaned up, I was ready to dance with the sailors. The sailors all had their name patches sewn on their uniforms over their right chest pocket. Their stripes (rank) were on their sleeves. My 3 stripe, Johnson, picked me up at our banquette and took me to the jukebox. He let me select the 1st 6 songs by letter/number combinations. I started by choosing Frank Sinatra's "I'll Never Smile Again," with the Pied Pipers and the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra, and ended my selecting Johnny Mathis singing "Chances Are." Tammy was right behind me with her 3 stripe. We walked to the dance floor. I asked him about his 3 stripes on his sleeve. He explained that he was a Seaman, as was the guy with Tammy, and that all the other guys were Apprentice Seaman, having 2 stripes.. While Seaman Johnson explained everything to me, he untied my crop top, pushed it back over my shoulders, until it slid down my arms and rested on my padded leather handcuffs. Already I was topless, in a topless bar and grille, and everyone could see my jugs. 

The music started playing from the old Wurlitzer jukebox. Seaman Johnson put one hand around my back and cupped my cheek with his other hand. I didn't know whether Dan or Bill had the remote control for my internal 3" egg vibrator, but it sprang to life and settled at a medium speed. He drew me to him and kissed me lightly and chastely at first. I kissed him back and held the kiss, because that was what I was there for. Seaman Johnson always kept one hand free for wandering anywhere he wanted over my bare flesh and beyond. Keep in mind that he had already rendered me completely topless down to the tops of my hips, plus my seemingly mile long legs were bare. All that protected me was an 8" pleated skirt and a pretty well protected and covered pussy, along with a mesh see through g-string. We kissed almost constantly through the 1st song. His roaming hands reached down as far as my mid-thigh. Seaman Johnson had one arm around my back and a hand on my waist. However, it was that hand that started roaming. It moved up my side, all over my bare middle, under my skimpy skirt in back, to squeeze my ass, and directly to my right breast, where he had a real good feel. Then, he kissed me harder and deeper. All the other sailors were on their feet and surrounded Tammy and me. He made a smooth move, as we continued our extended kiss. He switched hands and I got the same caressing and groping all over again. He even stuck his hand under my skirt and between my legs, but was thwarted from further advances by my panties, wad of Kleenex and buzzing vibrator.

Before the song ended, my breasts got a thorough feeling up and squeezing and my nipples were pinched, pulled, rolled and sucked. Seaman Johnson was followed by: Apprentice Seaman Andrews, Apprentice Seaman Hathaway, Apprentice Seaman Corso, Apprentice Seaman Lloyd, and finally Apprentice Seaman Stewart. They all did basically the same things to me that their superior, Seaman Johnson, had done, but not necessarily in the same order. When my 1st 6 songs had ended, my lips were beginning to puff up, from all the kissing. My breasts had been pretty well mauled and pawed, and my nipples looked like elongated dark pink pencil erasers. My pussy cried for an orgasm. I looked over at Dan, but he was busy handing out pieces of paper to the sailors. Like the last time we were here, Tammy and I each had 6 sailors, or they had us, and they were the same identical men. Things were getting more and more suspicious. The music changed tempo to something with a faster steady beat, and my internal vibrator sped up to high. I didn't know the name of the dance, or any of the songs, so I called it Dirty Dancing music from the title of the movie of the same name. The dance is well depicted during the opening credits of "Dirty Dancing," and in the famous "I carried the Watermelon" scene. I watched the DVD again recently, and the actors in the movie do not kiss, but it was unclear, because of the skirts and dresses that the girls wore, if they were actually humping themselves on their partners' legs. At the beginning of the movie, there was a girl in a tight white sweater, who arched her back as far back as I did, and her bra contained breasts pointed straight up. Never-the-less, we did it all and then some.

Seaman Johnson was back for 2nds, and he grasped me by the waist, loomed over me,&nbsp;&nbsp; bent me backwards and captured my mouth in a sizzling kiss. We swayed from side to side, while the kiss continued. When I arched my back even further back, he grasped my ass, under my skirt, and nibbled and suckled my nipples. While this was going on, he got his leg between mine and humped my pussy. I opened my legs further apart for him, because I was so hot to come. I arched back for the next 3 sailors and spread my legs for them. Instead of the scorching kiss that I expected, I was given only a brief chaste kiss or two. Each of them grabbed my ponytail and pulled me backwards, while they grasped my ass cheeks with their free hands, and humped the Hell out of my pussy. My nipples took a good deal of abuse. Even as well protected as my pussy was, the high speed of my egg vibrator and the persistent humping on both our parts. It built up rapidly and hit me so hard that I could only groan and shudder and come with my 1st orgasm of the night. When a woman has an orgasm, there is no hiding it. My 6 sailors cheered and slapped the back of the guy who did me in, and bets were paid off. I came once more, during my turn with the next to last sailor. I left no doubt that I had come for the 2nd time. My scream was louder than the music from the juke box. The 6th sailor tried his damnest to get me to come again, but he failed and the last song ended and the jukebox went silent.

Either the jukebox had broken or it ran out of change. Several people headed for it to try and get it going again. My internal egg vibrator was turned off. Meanwhile, Seaman Johnson grasped my wrist cuffs and raised them over my head. The remaining Sailors took sport in spanking and whacking my ass. They got in 5 or 6 good solid blows, before I realized that I could sidestep one way or the other and either avoid their blows or at least miss the full force of each smack. It became a guessing game between which way I would dodge and where the Sailors would strike next. When it was over, I had taken about 20 solid smacks, and just as many missed my butt or simply glanced off. The jukebox started playing its records and the 1st song was Glenn Miller's version of "In the Mood." The word was that a record had hung up and did not drop flat on the turntable. World War II swing music was blaring out of the jukebox. My Seaman kissed me, held me tight and twirled me around in time with the music. As I twirled around in his arms, my pleated 8" skirt in back billowed up and out, showing everyone my black see through mesh g-string and partially spanked butt. However, when the song ended, my sailor released me with a little shove towards the next sailor. Out there in the free floor space I did from 3-5 complete spins and revealing everything under my pleated skirt. I guess the exhibitionist in me came out. Someone was always there to catch me, kiss me and feel me up, before twirling me around until the song ended. Back and forth I went, always taking the opportunity to show off my legs and g-string.

This went on for more than 6 songs. I had forgotten about the beer drinking ritual. On either my 8th or 9th spin and catch. I was gaining attention from most of the late arriving patrons. One of my sailors caught me, after one of my spectaculars spins. He bent me backwards and held me, wile another sailor stood ready with a glass of beer. The sailors started their chant, "CHUG, CHUG, CHUG, CHUG, CHUG!" I had only consumed about a 1/2 glass of beer during my hot dog dinner. I chugged the 1st glass easily and received the cheers of the sailors, as well as some $dollar bills stuffed in the waistband of my skirt. Two sailors and 2 songs later, I chugged my 2nd glass of beer easily, and earned more $dollars stuffed in the waistband of my pleated skirt. Two more songs and 2 more sailors later, it was time for my 3rd glass of beer. This was the point where I failed the last time we were here. Betting and side betting increased, as well as some of the bystanders getting in on the action. I chugged down my 3rd glass of beer, and got cheers from everyone watching and my skirt's waistband got stuffed with even more $dollars. Would they try a 4th glass of beer? Yes, 3 stripe Seaman Johnson gave the OK. I was getting a little dizzy and drunk. The betting was as fast and furious as a back alley crap game. I had to dance with 3 sailors, through 3 long songs, before the 4th glass of beer was presented to my lips. As everyone chanted the "CHUG, CHUG, CHUG theme, I chugged my 4th glass of beer. Albeit somewhat slower, I got the 4th glass down, without spilling a drop. The whole bar went wild. Bets were paid off and I earned a shit load of $dollar bills in the waistband of my pleated skirt. I waved off any attempt to try for a 5th glass of beer.

Tammy and I were on opposite ends of the dance floor, during the Dirty Dances songs, and there was a lot of noise. Thus, I didn't know how many times she came, if at all, during those dances. Now, it was quite obvious that she couldn't finish one of her chugged glasses of beer, because her front was all wet, despite her sailor's attempts to lick it off. I was startled, when my internal 3" egg vibrator was remotely turned up to high. From that point on, none of the sailors paid any attention to keeping time to the music droning from the jukebox. The first 2 songs were carryover music from the swing music. Then the jukebox played slow romantic songs. Seaman Johnson took me into his arms, took a number of nonsensical dance steps, which I couldn't follow, and then captured my mouth in another of his scorching deep passionate kisses, which I couldn't escape. Then, he dipped me. He held the kiss and bent me backwards at my knees, so that my body was about parallel with the floor, and my hands touched the floor and my tits pointed to the ceiling. My skirt was flipped up and sailors began stuffing more dollars into the thin elastic band of my see through g-string. Hands lingered and rubbed and groped my pussy and thighs and any other part of me they could get their hands on. The jukebox played one more swing song. The next sailor did his best. He bent me into a low dip, while his mouth and tongue ravaged my mouth. Again the sailor's hands seemed to come from everywhere, rubbing my inner thighs, breasts and pussy, while $dollar bills were being stuffed in the elastic band of my g-string. I came during the 1st and 2nd assault on my most personal and private parts, despite the protection I had. The juke box music changed to the slower romantic music. 

The final 4 sailors were able to dance with me, for a few minutes, in time with the music, but eventually kissed and dipped. It wasn't only the sailors who stuffed $dollar bills into my g-string, but many of the regular male patrons joined in and made a contribution and had a good feel or rub of my precious parts, under my flipped up pleated skirt. Even the 2 old codgers, from my last time there, came over and stuffed some $dollar bills down my g-string. After all 6 of my sailors had their turn, Dan and Bill stepped in and rescued Tammy and me, and turned off our egg vibrators. They pulled up our crop tops and re-tied them in front. Dan left a generous tip for our waitress and our raincoats were draped over our shoulders, buttoned and belted on. We made our way towards the front door of Sally's, nodding and saying goodbye to our well-wishers. At the car, Tammy and I were helped into the back seat. Before we took off for Lake Forest and one of our houses, we were ballgagged, and our ankles and knees were tied together. We came to a red light. Where we should have gone straight, we turned right. Virtually all of the suburbs around Chicago sort of merge together and you can't tell what town you were in, unless you know the area or caught a city limits sign.&nbsp; I had no idea where we were. After traveling for around 15 minutes, we came upon a stretch of road with 3-4 hotels/motels, restaurants, stores and gas stations. We pulled into an Embassy Suites parking lot. I thought we were going to spend a night playing our various bondage sex games.

We drove around to the rear parking lot of one wing and parked near an entrance door. Tammy and I were unbuckled and helped out of the back seat of Bill's SUV. I knew that something was fishy, when Dan used a keycard to open the door. One or both of our husbands had to have come here earlier and register to get a keycard. Inside, we piled into an elevator and took it up to the top (4th) floor. Dan and I went into one suite, and Bill and Tammy went into the suite next to ours. Dan showed me around. Inside the entrance door was a closet, with spare linens, towels, pillows and blankets. Dan took my raincoat off and hung it in the closet. Across from the closet was a small full bathroom. The shower was a small 3' X 3' standup shower with a shower curtain. Our living room area had 2-2 chair groupings of upholstered chairs, with a table and lamp between each pair of chairs. There were 2 sofas at right angles along corner walls. Lamps and tables were at the ends and in the center of this furniture grouping. Finally, a huge 8' circular oak coffee table sat in front of the 2 sofas. We had a small functioning kitchenette and table and chairs for seating 4 people. There were cupboards containing dishes and pots and pans. There was a 3 burner cook-top that set above a small refrigerator. Next to the refrigerator was a small dishwasher. We had a coffeemaker and microwave on our little countertop.

Our large bedroom featured a canopied king sized four poster bed, plus dressers, tables, lamps and occasional upholstered chairs. Our master bathroom was sumptuous. It had a huge double shower, 2 toilets, and 2 sinks and vanities, along with a linen closet for all those extra included and complimentary amenities. In the bathroom, Dan stripped the money from my skirt's waistband, pocketed it, andtook off my skirt, and them plucked my tip money from my g-string's elastic waistband, pocketed it, and carefully took off my g-string and sheets of protective and absorbent Kleenex, carefully preserving the form and shape of the wad of pussy juice soaked Kleenex. I sat on the toilet and peed out all that beer that I had chugged, while Dan counted the $210.00 that I had earned. When I finished, Dan wiped, washed and dried my pussy. Then, he put the wad of Kleenex back in my pussy, held in place by my g-string, and finally covered by my skirt. Out in our bedroom, Dan removed my wrist cuffs and my crop top. My arms were twisted behind my back and up between my shoulder blades. He used the attached padded leather wrist cuffs to bind me in that most provocative position. My nipples were pinched and pulled and sucked into longer appendages, so that Dan could affix nipple clamps on them. I was sitting on the bed still ballgagged. Dan buckled padded leather ankle cuffs on each of my legs and clipped them together. The egg vibrator in my pussy was turned to low and Dan left the bedroom, with me still ballgagged. I may have waited and stewed sitting on that bed for at least a half hour, before Dan came for me.

Finally, Dan came for me. He used the remote control to turn off my egg vibrator, unclipped my ankle cuffs, picked up our duffle bag of bondage gear and toys, and led me out into the living room area. If I wasn't ballgagged, my jaw would have dropped or my mouth would have dumbly gaped open. Sitting on a sofa and on the floor were my 6 sailors, NAKED! There were several boxes of condoms sitting on the nearby coffee table. The whole thing had been a setup and I silently cursed Dan. I was positioned standing facing the men. One of the sofas had been moved, and I stood with my back towards the backside of the sofa. Dan started his spiel, "Gentlemen here is the lovely Tiffany." "She has teased and frustrated you a lot tonight, and she has come here tonight so that you can FUCK her!."A big cheer from the men ensued. Dan continued, "Take a good look at her tits and notice how they stick out." "Turn around Tiffany," I did and Dan continued, "You remember these leather cuffs that Tiffany wore earlier at Sally's Bar and Grille." "I can tighten her arms up a bit more and really make her jugs pop out more." " "Will a couple of you push her upper arms together, while I tie her upper arms." They pushed and held my upper arms, while Dan wrapped and tied. My wrists used to be crossed, and now my forearms were now tightly tied parallel to each other. The guys surrounded me and hefted and squeezed my protruding breasts, and studied and flicked my tinkle bell nipple clamps. Dan explained that when the nipple clamps go on. There is a little pain, but after a few minutes the pain is overwhelmed by strong tingling sensations sent directly to her pussy, and she gets even more turned on. 

Dan went on, "I want to show you the protection that thwarted you earlier and what made Tiffany come so many times. He took off my skirt, and carefully peeled down my see through black g-string, keeping the wad of Kleenex in tact. After showing it around, he dumped my g-string in the kitchenettes sink and threw the Kleenex wad into a wastebasket. Next, Dan found the little cord, just dangling out of my love tunnel (just like a Tampax) and slowly pulled out my 3" remote controlled egg vibrator. I swear that it made a big slushy slurping sound, when it popped out. Dan pulled the remote control unit out of his pocket and gave the sailors a demonstration. After setting those 2 things aside, he said, "Let's get Tiffany tied down, but before he did anything, he blindfolded me with a black sleepmask. I was turned around and bent over the sofa's back. A piece of rope was tied to the D-ring on each of my ankle cuffs. The ropes were pulled and stretched tight, spreading my feet well over 3' apart, and secured somewhere on the bottom of the sofa. A single rope was passed between my bound arms and my back, over my shoulders and tied somewhere to the front bottom of the sofa, holding me bent over in the perfect doggie-style fucking position. Dan told the sailors to checkout my ass and wet pussy. I wagged my ass at them.

There was one thing that I had forgotten about, and so had the sailors, but not Dan. "there was something that you guys started at Sally's Bar and Grille, but did not finish," Dan explained, "Tiffany needs a good spanking, so step right up and smack her ass, until it is&nbsp; good and red, and her pussy juices are flowing." I was gagged, tied immobile and unable to escape their blows and slaps. They must have beaten on my ass for 15 minutes. Punishment from the U.S. Navy was more severe than just playing around. I was probably lucky that I didn't receive 40 lashes from a cat-o-nine tail. They really did wallop my butt, and all I could do was moan and whimper into my ballgag, until Dan called it off. My butt cheeks felt so raw that it felt like they had peeled a layer of flesh off me, but true to form, my pussy was tingling and I could feel my pussy juices starting to flow down my legs. Dan told my 6 sailors to determine the order they were going to fuck me in. It sounded like they were playing Rock, Paper, and Scissors. It didn't take them long to decide, because before I knew it, the 1st cock plunged right into me. Dan told them that I liked it hard and fast the first time, and that is exactly what I got. After my spanking, I came almost immediately, after the sailor started pummeling my twat. I had to get control of myself. My nipple clamp bells were tinkling like crazy, as they fucked me. I came once more, at the end, when the 1st sailor climaxed. The remaining 5 sailors got only one orgasm apiece out of me. However, one sailor was in my cunt, pounding away, just as soon as the previous one withdrew. I never had a chance to come down, and all I did was moan and groan and scream into my ballgag. Dan announced that the sailors could use the front hall bathroom to cleanup, or just dump their used condoms in a nearby wastebasket, and Tiffany would lick their cocks clean next, with a long slow blowjob.


They all used an ultra thin condom, and that gave me great sensations. I could feel every little nuance or difference in each individual cock. It was almost as if they were wearing no condoms at all. I gauged the length and thickness of each cock, and compared them to each other. I figured that they ranged in length from 6-1/2" to over 8." I even thought for awhile that Dan was fucking me, but after a few minutes, I could tell that this sailor's technique was different than Dan's, but his cock was at least as long.. After the 6 sailors had reamed the Hell out of my fuck hole in seemingly record time, my spread ankles were untied, and along with the single rope holding me bent over the sofa. I was helped to stand up and my ballgag was removed, in preparation for the blow jobs that I was apparently going to be doing next. I walked around for a few minutes to limber up, and I worked my jaw, until the stiffness went away. 

Dan told me to kneel down in the center of the living room floor. Dan announced, "You can all get in line for the best deep throat blowjob in all of Northern Illinois." I let that slide. "One rule," Dan said, "Keep your hands off Tiffany and let her do the work." "If at anytime you want a beer, they are chilling in the kitchenette's refrigerator. I wondered if Dan and Bill had loaded the refrigerator with beer earlier in the day, when they checked in, but concluded that they were not that presumptuous, and that the sailors had brought their own preferred beer, while I was waiting in the bedroom. The blow jobs went well. Six blowjobs in a row was nothing for me. Though I was still blindfolded, each sailor offered his cock right to my lips. If any of them had tried to play keep away or any other funny stuff, I was prepared to give him a good warning bite. All of the sailors got a wet saliva scrotum licking and individual testicle sucking. The 1st three sailor's cocks were somewhat limp and had no residual cum taste from the inside of their condoms. They had cleaned up after they fucked me. I had to lift their dicks, with my tongue, and stiffen them up, before I could seriously work on them. The last 3 cocks were sticky with more fresh come, from the inside of their condoms, and I licked that off, as I licked and sucked their shafts. I licked those cocks several times, keeping them nice and wet with my saliva. I licked and swirled my tongue around every cock's head and sucked it hard, before bobbing up and down and sucking their shafts, all the while taking them deeper and deeper, until the head of there cocks was as far into my throat as it would go. By teasing them a little, to prolong their climaxes, and rubbing their cock's head against the back of my throat, plus the nearly constants sucking, and every sailor grunted or groaned and spewed his load of come down my throat. 

With the blowjobs successfully completed, I was on my feet and Dan gathered the sailors around me to study my nipple clamps. He pointed out how the clamps had pinched my nipple flesh, and explained that when the clamps were removed, my blood would surge back into my nipples and would be somewhat painful. The sailors job was to suck my nipples gently and ease my pain. You remember that my wrists were cuffed in a reverse double hammer lock, plus my upper arms were tied tighter together, so that my tits projected outward as far as they possibly could go. Dan pulled off my nipple clamps. It was like a litter of little piglets all going after the sow's only 2 good teats. Two guys managed to get their lips on my burning pulsing nipples and did gently sucked them, until the pain stopped and my blood flow to those areas returned to normal. It actually helped a lot. However, what followed was a tit gangbang. My nipples continued to get sucked by others, long past the time my pain had gone away. This was pure pleasure. I got felt up both from the front and the rear. My breasts were squeezed and squished, and my nipples were pinched, pulled, rolled, and sucked into and elongated pencil eraser shape. After 15-20 minutes, Dan broke in and saved me.

He walked me over to a nearby upholstered chair and sat me on its front edge. He pushed me back, so that I was half leaning and half sitting, supported mostly by my head and neck against the padded back of the chair, as well as my butt on the front edge of the chair's cushion. My legs were hooked over the chair's arms and my ankle cuffs were tied to the back legs of the chair. Dan announced, "Before you take Tiffany into the bedroom and fuck her, you guys are going to eat her pussy." "Tiffany is going to pick the best 1 or 2 pussy eaters and fuckers, from among all of you, and you will get to shower with her and spend the night with her!" Of course this was news to me!!! Generally, it was a disaster. Ever since I saw my sailors naked, I drew a total blank on their names. The 1st two guys just licked my pussy for awhile and quit. Sure my clit had peeked out and I felt it every time he licked me. It all felt good, but certainly I never even started building to an orgasm. Someone in back mumbled, "At least suck her clit and get your tongues in her hole." The next 2 guys didn't take the tongue fucking advice, but did lick me and suck my clit. Each time I did have a small half ass orgasm, from each of them. 
 
Then, a savior emerged from the group. Ever since I first saw all the guys naked my mind went blank on their names and ranks. However, the 5th pussy eater partially came back to me. He was the 3 stripe seaman, but I still couldn't remember his name. Instead of licking or kissing my inner thighs and perineum, he simply caressed those areas. At least he seemed to know what he was doing, and it felt really sensual. It was sensual enough to start those real orgasm building sensations in my pussy. When he slowly licked the length of my pussy 5-6 times, it all came back. I don't know what triggered my memory, but I remembered that he was 3 stripe Seaman Johnson. His tongue was probing my cunt and started to tongue fuck me. My passion and excitement grew. He replaced his tongue with 2 fingers. He finger fucked me, while his mouth advanced on my now swollen and attentive clit. As his 2 fingers continued to piston in my twat, he licked and licked and sucked and sucked my clit. Everyone in the room heard me really scream and come for the first time, since I was ballgagged, when all six sailors fucked me doggie-style. A blonde kid, who couldn't have been much older than 20, was my 6th and final pussy eater. He had been paying attention to the success of Seaman Johnson, and I gave him props for at least learning something from his knowledgeable predecessor. He licked my perineum and then slowly licked the entire length of my pussy slit several times. A cursory attempt at tongue fucking me was soon replaced by 2 fingers in my twat. I was previously primed to come again. The blonde guy attacked my clit. He sucked and sucked my ultra sensitive organ, and I screamed and came and screamed and came for him.

Day 2

Dan gave me some time to recover and come down. My ankles were released from the rear chair legs. I stood up, with some help from Dan, and my attached wrist cuffs were exchanged for individual padded leather wrist cuffs. Dan took me into the bedroom an let the sailors tie me spread-eagle to the 4 poster bed. Dan suggested that they put a pillow under my ass and another lengthwise under my head, upper back and breasts. They pulled me and stretched me and tightly bound me in a tight spread-eagle, with greater access to my breasts and pussy. The sailors switched order again, and the blonde guy fucked me first. I now remembered him as Apprentice Seaman Corso, who was the one who made me chug the 4 beers back at the bar. He was a lover of sorts, who got me off easy enough. We kissed and made out for awhile, and he fondled my breasts and played with and sucked my nipples. His right hand moved south and Apprentice Seaman Corso stroked and caressed and made little light circles up my inner thighs, working his way slowly towards my pussy. Two fingers probed my twat and made sure that I was ready to accept his 7" cock. He sunk his dick all the way inside of me. By this time, my orgasm was coming on fast and strong. We had a nice rhythm going, but Corso seemed to lose control. He finished me off hard and fast, and I couldn't keep up with him. We did finish with nearly simultaneous climaxes, which produced huge groans from both of us.

The 2 guys who got nowhere in eating my pussy came next. At least they knew where to insert their dicks, because all either of them did was fuck me as fast as they could, just like they did, when I was bent over the sofa in the living room. Of course I came, but my orgasm didn't set off any bells or whistles. The next 2 weren't much better. Yes we did make out a little. They did play with my boobs a little, and then slid their small cocks in me. It was 2 cases of little experience and little control and staying power. We started fucking fine, and I matched them stroke for stroke, but as they got closer and closer to coming they lost control and resorted to pounding my cunt, as fast as they could just to get their own release. Sure, the selfish fuckers came, and I managed only one orgasm among the 2 of them. I thought very seriously about screaming the safeword and having Dan come release me from this bunch of amateurish sailors that he had set me up with. However, the figure of Seaman Johnson loomed over me, and since I was minimally getting off, I decided to see what Seaman Johnson could do. I could always call the whole thing off, depending on what he did to me and how good he really was.

Seaman Johnson was on all fours hovering over me. We kissed and made out for quite a while. He kissed me everywhere about the face, ears, and neck, working his way down towards my breasts. When he got to my tits,, he straddled my waist and played with my breasts and nipples for what seemed like hours. I was panting and moaning and ready to climb the wals. My breasts got a good squeezing and mashing around. However, by the time he finished rolling, pinching, pulling and sucking my nipples, they were bright red and twice as long as they originally were. Seaman Johnson moved down to the bottom of the bed. He sucked my toes individually. It was very sensual and erotic. No one had ever sucked my toes before, and it was a good thing that I was not ticklish right there. The Seaman kissed his way up each of my legs right to the very core of my being. I couldn't help myself and was humping the air in hopes that he would continue. After he slowly licked my entire pussy slit 8-10 times, he inserted 2 fingers in my twat to make sure that I was ready for his big cock, as if there was any doubt. Again, he positioned himself over me, amd lowered his body, until I was flattened to the mattress, as he skillfully slipped his rigid cock in me as far as it would go. I was impaled on his big throbbing cock and could barely move. "OH GOD." I said frantically, "PLEASE FUCK ME NOW!" All Seaman Johnson had to do was to rock his hips back and forth, and I immediately began moving and gyrating my hips against his cock. 

We were again kissing and making out, as he kept up his slow maddening rhythm. He slithered his right hand between our bodies. He found my clit and began rubbing it. I just lost it completely and shrieked and stiffened for a second, and then convulsed and spasmed my way through 2 back to back orgasms. I moaned into Seaman Johnson's mouth, since we were in the midst of a tongue sucking embrace, when we both came. I love coming while kissing my partner. I can share my orgasms and spasms with him. We weren't done yet. He began fucking me with long slow strokes, utilizing the full length of his cock. Faster and faster, and deeper and deeper he semed to plunge into me. I was so turned on and aroused that after only about 5 minutes I just whimpered and groaned and came. Seaman Johnson let go a few thrusts later. I felt his hot cum fill his condom. That last orgasm nearly did me in. It took me quite some time to recover, but Dan was there to free me from my wrist and ankle cuffs. He took me into the bathroom and let me pee, brush my teeth and put my hair up under a shower cap. Dan tied my wrists behind my back, with an old piece of rope. While all this was going on, I told Dan that I had considered having 2 sailors sleep with me, but decided to eliminate Apprentice Seaman Corso, and wanted only Seaman Johnson. I, also, gave Dan an earful about the poor quality of most of the pussy eating's and fuckings I received. Dan put me in the shower, turned on the water, adjusted the temperature of the water, shut the shower door and left. I waited and enjoyed the warm soothing sprays.

I heard Seaman Johnson use the toilet and brush his teeth, and then he stepped into the shower with me. He washed and rinsed himself first, including his Military haircut, and then concentrated on me. He soaped and washed my whole back side, and then turned me around to rinse that off. Next, he washed and soaped my front side, from my face to my toes. I had to keep my eyes and mouth closed, until I was turned into the water spray and rinsed. Seaman Johnson backed me against the shower wall, and he worked 2 clean wet fingers into my pussy and began finger fucking me. His broad muscular hairy chest pinned me to the shower's wall, and we began kissing. As his fingers thrust in and out of my cunt faster and faster, our kisses grew deeper and longer. My orgasm hit me, when he used his thumb to rub my clit, but my scream was muffled into his mouth. I was fully prepared to drop to my knees and suck him off. Instead, Seaman Johnson got down on his knees before me and ate my pussy. There was no way to smother my scream, when I came and it echoed off the shower tiles. I had no idea how far it might have carried. Outside the steamy shower, Seaman Johnson dried me off, including between my legs. I asked him to remove the wet rope that bound my wrists behind my back. I took the shower cap off, undid my ponytail and brushed and combed my long brunette hair. 

Back in the bedroom, my wrists were cuffed behind my back, using the crossed padded leather cuffs and put to bed on my back. Seaman Johnson had some kind of Military watch with a bell that seemed to ring at odd times. I slept soundly, but kept getting awakened by the watch going off. The first time Seaman Johnson just spread my legs and screwed me. When he finished, he tied my ankles together. The 2nd time his watch rang, he pulled me off the side of the bed and fucked me doggie-style. Finally, when his watch bell rang, I was again pulled off the bed and knelt on the floor. This time I had to suck him off. Dan barged into the room and announced that breakfast was here. My ankles were untied and I stumbled out into the kitchen area. I smelled freshly brewed coffee. Dam helped me into a chair at the kitchen table. Dan and Bill and a couple of sailors must have made a run down to the McDonalds that we passed, when we 1st arrived here. The sailors were sitting around the floor eating Egg McMuffins, Sausage McMuffins, cinnamon rolls, coffee and OJ off the 8' circular coffee table. Dan fed me my breakfast of OJ, which I gulped down, my glass of OJ. My Sausage McMuffin and cinnamon roll really tasted good, along with 2 cups of coffee. When I finished, I told Dan that I really needed to use the bathroom. He took off my padded leather cuffs and I scampered off to the bathroom. 

I did a #1 and #2, brushed my teeth, and combed and brushed my hair and put it up in a ponytail. I didn't think I took too long, but when I emerged into the living room, Dan and my sailors were gone, and all the debris from breakfast had been picked up and removed. Instead, I found Bill and Tiffany's 6 sailors waiting for me. I didn't know any of them. They pounced on me and with a coordinated experienced effort quickly had me tied and immobilized ready to be fucked. My arms were twisted behind my back and up between my shoulder blades and secured with padded leather cuffs. Padded ankle cuffs were buckled on my lower legs. A rope tied to each D-ring of the ankle cuffs was used to pull my legs wide apart and tied to the rear legs of the sofa that I was bent over. Finally, a ballgag was shoved in my mouth and buckled behind my head. They didn't bother with tying my breasts or putting clamps on my nipples. Also, my upper arms were not tied, nor were any ropes used to hold me down bent over the sofa's back. WHAM, BAM, THANK YOU MA'AM, all 6 sailors fucked me doggie-style, seemingly as fast as they could, one after the other, with no pause between them. I, of course, came for each of them once or twice. There was one benefit. Without nipple clamps, most of the sailors leaned over my back and squeezed my dangling boobs and diddled my nipples. GOD, it felt so good! However, they saved my punishment, until after I had been fucked. My ass received a sound extended spanking that turned my ass cheeks dark burning red. My ballgag prevented me from making much of any sounds of pleasure, during my fuckings, or protests of pain, during my spanking.

Still smarting, I stood up, with my legs still tied wide apart, to watch Bill line up 2 of the kitchen chairs sideways, right behind me. Next, he retrieved 3 pillows, from my bedroom, and stacked them on one of the chairs. Bill freed my ankles and removed my ballgag. He took me over to the chair, with the pillows piled on it, and helped me kneel on the floor, with my protruding tits and upper torso resting on the stacked pillows, facing the now seated sailors. From my bedroom, Bill brought out both of our 18" vibrating Double Dongs. The sailors in front of me looked bewildered, but curious. Bill gave the sailors one of the Dongs to checkout, while he fingered my love tunnel, until it was wet and would accept the Dong. His, or Tammy's sailors passed around and studied the device, and Bill shoved half of the other Dong up my cunt. I waited with 9" of Dong sticking out of my twat. Bill went next door, to Tammy's suite and brought back 3 more pillows, which were stacked on the other kitchen chair. Eventually, Dan led a bound Tammy into my suite, followed by my former sailors. Other than some red boobs and a red spanked ass Tammy had a smile on her face and looked like she had just gotten fucked, which was probably just like I looked. This was the 1st time that I had seen Tammy, since we arrived at the hotel last night. Dan and Bill got Tammy in position leaning over the other chair. The sailors were invited to lineup in whatever order they chose for their blowjobs. The Dong was turned on and Tammy and I went to work. We each had to suck off 6 different sailor's cocks 

The GOD DAMN DONG was a distraction. Tammy and I got out of sync several times, between our thrusting and fucking ourselves on the Dong, and our bobbing up and down and deep throating the sailor's cocks. I came 3 or 4 times. I'm not sure about Tammy. Every sailor came and I know that I swallowed all of their cum. Dan and Bill helped us untangle our feet and stand up. Dan announced that there would be a pussy eating demonstration. Maybe after the demonstration Tiffany's sailors would go down on me and the end result would be much better? Dan put me in one of the upholstered chairs and hooked my legs over the arms of the chair. He didn't even tie my ankles to the rear chair legs, but he did ballgag me. All the sailors crowded around us to watch. Tammy was really eager to go down on me. She knelt before me and began licking my inner thighs. I vowed that however many times Tammy made me come, I'd do her one better. Tammy was content to lick me everywhere, tongue fuck me, and made me come by licking my clit. Tammy gave me practically no time to come down, before she sucked my clit and made me come. I shrieked and screamed everytime I came, but my ballgag and the cheering sailors made my garbled sounds seem feeble.

Tammy and I traded places on the chair. Bill ballgagged her, and he also tied her ankles to the chair's rear legs. I licked and kissed Tammy's inner thighs and perineum. I did all the licking round and round her labia lips, before tongue fucking her beautiful pussy, but when I pulled my tongue out of her hot juicy twat, I sucked her labia lips. I made Tammy come the 1st time by simply licking round and round her now engorged clit and flicking it with my tongue. Tammy" 2nd orgasm came only minutes later, when I sucked her clit. Her 3rd orgasm came only seconds later, when I nibbled on her clit. Tammy was left tied in the chair. It looked like my former sailors were going to have a chance to go down on her pussy. I was taken the few feet over to the kitchen table. My wrists were un-cuffed. My 6 new sailors lifted me onto the table on my back. They tied my wrists and ankles near the bottom of each of the table legs. Bill set a chair at the end of the table in front of my pussy and said, "WHO'S FIRST?" I didn't know any of the 6 sailor's names, who went down on me. The Vibrating Double Dong blowjobs and Tammy's eating of my pussy had pretty well set me up for getting my pussy licked and some multiple orgasms. They had been paying attention, during Tammy's and my demonstrations. All 6 of them either licked or kissed my inner thighs and perineum. Also, all 6 licked my labia lips and tongue fucked me for various lengths of time, but only 2 sucked my pussy lips. All of them eventually got to my clit. About halfway through the whole thing, I lost track of who was doing what to me and how many times I came. All of them easily zeroed in on my clit and made me come once or twice by simply licking my now extended and engorged red lady penis., or sucking it, or nibbling on it.

When they had finished, I lay devastated and nearly comatose on the kitchen table. I did come out of it and recovered after 10-15 minutes. I was untied and brought to the center of the living room area. Tammy was already there, still bound with a reverse double hammerlock. My wrists were tied behind my back, palm to palm, and my elbows were tied together, until they touched. The sailors were dispatched into teams of 2 or 3 to tie Tammy and me from head to foot. Our tits were tied at their&nbsp; bases, and the extra long ends were tied tightly around the backs of our partners, drawing us together swollen breast to swollen breast. In addition, 4 or 5 loops of rope were passed around our bodies, under our bound arms, tightened even more mashing our tits together. While this was going on, another team of sailors Took the 18" Vibrating Double Dong, bent it into a "U" shape and shoved half of the dong up each of our cunts. A pillow was shoved between our legs to hold the Dong in, and 4 or 5 loops of rope were pulled tight around our upper thighs, holding the pillow in place. More ropes held our waists, lower thighs and ankles tightly together. As a unit, Tammy and I started to tilt and topple over. Hands came from everywhere and carefully lowered Tammy and I to the floor, so that we were lying on our sides, face to face. An Ace Bandage was stretched just a little and wrapped around our heads, lining up and holding our lips together in an inescapable kiss. Finally, the Vibrating Double Dong was turned on and a pillow placed under our heads. Dan told us that he and Bill were taking the sailors out to lunch, but they said that they'd bring us something back to eat.. Then, everyone left!

Tammy and I had been bound together like this, with the "U" shaped 18" Vibrating Double Dong, several times before, but never had so many ropes been used, and never had the bondage been so stringent and unyielding. Tammy and I tried several times just humping and wiggling about, trying to get the Damn Dong to move even a measly inch in our vaginas. The elastic ace bandage wrapped around our heads could not be so tight as to cut off blood flow or be painful. Consequently, it had the right tension to hold our lips together, but Tammy and I could communicate by speaking into each other's mouths. We decided to just let the Dong do its work and we would kiss passionately, whenever an orgasm built up in either of us. The added kissing would, at least, make our orgasms stronger and longer lasting. So, Tammy and I just lay there on the floor waiting for our pussies to signal us that an orgasm was imminent. When that happened, we made out like crazy, with all the tongue action we could muster, and had incredible orgasms, and we had time to come down from each one. I didn't get much sleep the previous night and didn't drink enough coffee for breakfast. I think that I may have dosed off, missing one of Tammy's orgasms. I was in the midst of my 4th orgasm, over about an hour, when the guys returned from lunch.

Dan got the coffee going and the sailors started to free us. It took so long to untie Tammy and me that our lunch was cold by the time we were ready to eat it, so it had to be nuked in the microwave. Bill, Dan, Tammy and I sat at the kitchenette's table. Neither Tammy nor I were bound in any way, and we got to feed ourselves. Besides coffee, Tammy had a Double Stacker burger, French fries and and apple pie in a cardboard sleeve. I had a Junior Whopper, onion rings and an identically sleeved cherry pie. The sailors helped themselves to coffee or beer, or&nbsp; used the small bathroom by the front door. They were busy taking ropes, padded leather cuffs and all the other bondage toys and equipment into my bedroom or most likely Tammy's bedroom in the suite next door. They were undoubtedly preparing for whatever they had in store for us next. After I finished eating, I used the bathroom. When I came out, I saw only ropes and padded leather cuffs and my ballgag. I was ambushed. They literally picked me up and plopped me on the bed on my back. Padded leather cuffs were buckled onto all 4 of my limbs. Ropes were tied to the D-rings of each cuff. My arms were pulled and stretched towards the upper corner posts of the 4 poster bed, like a spread-eagle. However, instead of my legs being tied to the lower corner posts of the bed, in a traditional spread-eagle, my legs were raised at a right angle at my hips, spread out in a wide "V" position, and tied to the top rail on either side of the bed, where the canopy would have hung. After the ballgag was buckled in my mouth and my tits were tied, the sailors got undressed from their lunch out at Burger King. 

It was obvious that this was not going to be a session of slow lovemaking. Actually, it turned out to be more like a gangbang. From the 1st penetration of the 1st sailor, through the final grunts of the 6th sailor, my cunt was the recipient of their nonstop battering ram dicks. They mounted me, used my swollen tied knockers as handles, and fucked the SHIT out of me. There was an additional irritant or perhaps stimulant thrown in the mix. I still haven't decided whether it was helpful or a hindrance to my orgasm production. All the while, that I was being fucked, one sailor stood on either side of the bed and constantly mercilessly tickled the soles of my bare feet. Those were the only 2 places on my body where I was ticklish. With a ballgag packed and buckled in my mouth for the over 2 hour cock attack, there was little that I could do but to moan and giggle and groan and laugh and pant and cackle and shriek and come. What I noticed was that when one sailor finished with me, he slipped into my bathroom briefly, probably to discard his condom and cleanup, before coming back out into my bedroom and getting fully dressed. Each of the sailors came. They fucked me, until they did come. Did I come? Of course I came, sometimes twice, during the same fucking. When the last sailor had finished with me, I was turned over to Bill. He freed me from my bondage to the bed, except that he left me ballgagged. My wrists were simply buckled behind my back with the single attached padded leather cuffs. As I faced the bed, a rope was tied to my cuffs and pulled until I was bent over at the waist in the strappado position and the rope was secured to the top rail of the 4 poster bed. My ass stuck out prominently waiting to be fucked again doggie-style. 

About 10 minutes later, Tammy was brought in and tied like I was next to me. All the sailors were asked if they wanted to have one last go with us. It was after 4"00 PM, and that's when we learned that the Apprentice Seaman only had 24 hour passes and had to be back at the Great Lakes base by 5:00 PM or 17:00 hours Military time. Dan and Bill ushered out the 10 sailors and said goodbye for the ballgagged Tammy and me. However, it turned out that Seaman Johnson and the other 3 stripe Seaman had 48 hour passes. They were going to take the Chicago &amp; Northwestern to downtown Chicago's South State Street area and hit the Burly-Qs, and then see what they could pickup and take to a cheap motel. Anyway, it turned out that the 2 of them had a little time for one last fuck, or one for the road. They dropped their uniform trousers and entered us doggie-style. Seaman Johnson screwed me, and the other 3 stripe Seaman fucked Tammy. This time it was really good, because he took his time. He used long slow strokes, and bent over my back to squeeze my red swollen globes and diddled my nipples. As our climaxes grew nearer, there was a fast hard finish, and we came at just about the same time. Both sailors used my bathroom to cleanup and put themselves back together. Since Tammy and I were both still ballgagged, both Seaman kissed us goodbye on the cheeks, and donned our heads \with their sailor caps as souvenirs. Dan and Bill said their goodbyes and saw the sailors out.

When Dan and Bill returned, they stripped off their clothes. They had undergone hours of sexual denial, while the sailors did all that stuff to us, and I expected that they were raring to go. The 1st thing they did was to beat our butts, with their belts, until our ass cheeks were dark red and approaching the color of beets. Tammy and I just took it with barely a whimper. Our husbands were back and asserting themselves as the ones who were in control. Then, they fucked us doggie-style. Dan and Bill went into the living room, leaving Tammy and I tied strappado style to the bed frame. I could hear them in the living room trying to make dinner reservations for this evening. It sounded like the small dining room at the Embassy Suites was booked solid. Several phone calls later, Dan made a reservation, but I didn't catch where. Then, Dan and Bill consulted their watches. They had to figure travel time, time for Tammy and I to shower and get ready, time with the Dong (What the Hell was that all about?), and time for play. They decided that about 2 hours of play time might be about right. Tammy and I were untied. I spent the next 2 hours or so tied up in different positions getting screwed, getting my pussy eaten, and giving Bill BJs.

When Bill finished with me, he took me unbound into Tammy's bedroom, where she was already tied wrists crossed and overhead to the top rail of her 4 poster bed,, with her back to the bed. Bill brought me in to stand inches away from Tammy, until our tits almost touched. Dan tied a loose rope around our necks holding us a little closer. Next, 2 sets of nipple clamp's connecting chains were threaded through our necklace chains, pulled downward and fastened to our nipples. This was a 2 man job. One readied our nipples and held up one of our tits, while the other man fastened each clamp to the base of each nipple. This both pinched and tended to pull and hold each breast higher than it would normally hang. Several loops of rope were cinched around our upper torsos and tightly held Tammy and me together tit to tit. The 18" vibrating Double Dong was brought out next, bent into its flexible "U" shape, and half was shoved up each of our love holes. A long doubled rope tied our waists firmly together, and the remainder was used to tie an intricate crotch rope between the 2 of us, holding the Dong securely in place. My wrists were tied behind my back and our ankles were tied together. We were nearly ready, except for the ace bandage, which was wound around our heads, holding our lips together, and fastened with those little brass clips. Dan turned the vibrating Dong's switch on and he and Bill left us.

After 2 hours of vigorous bondage sex sessions with the men, Tammy and I communicated into each other's mouths that we would just let the Dong do its work on us, and we would makeout like crazy when they started to build. We were going to have orgasms, and there was no way to stop them. We were so intimately connected that the slightest sign, by one of us, was a signal to the other. We waited. Sometimes we would wiggle a little, or sometimes one of us would roll our hips, by alternately raising our heels, but neither worked well, because of the tightness of our bonds. Tammy had our 1st orgasm, and I knew it was coming before she ever tried to thrust at the Dong or moaned. This was my signal to makeout like crazy with her, including full tongue action, until she came and shrieked or screamed or groaned into my mouth. All this, of course, started my own orgasm. When we both had come,&nbsp; it was nice to enjoy our orgasmic spasms and slowly come down, until the next one. Tammy and I each came 3 times in maybe a little under an hour, and then Dan and Bill returned to release us. Besides all the ropes being untied, the Dong was removed from our cunts, AND OUR NECKLACES WERE TAKEN OFF! Goodbye Tammy and Tiffany. It was great being Sally and Jennifer again.

We got to take a nice long shower TOGETHER! After doing our business on the can, we hopped in the shower. We washed and conditioned our hair, washed our bodies, rinsed everywhere, and then we played. We made out, fondled each other's breasts and sucked each other's nipples in only the way one woman would do to another woman. We fingered each other, until each of us was hot and juicy. Then, we lay on the hard shower floor and 69ed each other. Before we got out of the shower and dried our hair and bodies, we rinsed every part of our bodies again. I put my hair up in a French chignon and Sally left hers long and flowing. We brushed our teeth and put on a minimal amount of makeup, including a little eye shadow. When we emerged into the bedroom, Dan and Bill were ready and looking sharp. The guys had, at some time, brought clothes for us, and they were lying on the bed. I had black bikini panties, no bra, heels and my little black cocktail dress, with spaghetti straps and a scooped neckline. The modest dress came to mid thigh. Sally's outfit consisted of heels, a red pair of bikini panties and a red strapless pushup bra, as if she needed it. Her dress was a carmine red strapless clubwear&nbsp; dress with sweetheart neckline and was mid thigh length. When dressed, Sally and I had to bend over and get our RC egg vibrators shoved up our twats and protected by a few Kleenex in our panty liners. 

We were going to a very expensive steak house about 20 minutes away. I put my foot down and told our husbands that they were not going to play around with our love tunnels and embarrass Sally and me at such a fancy restaurant. I made Dan and Bill give me the remote controls for our egg vibrators, turned both on to low and put them away in the bondage duffle bag. We left for the restaurant, with the egg vibrator pleasantly buzzing inside me. During the drive, we discussed who might want what for dinner, to try and get a consensus on what wine to order. I said that I wanted an appetizer, which set off another discussion. When we arrived at the steakhouse, we wereseated at a table for 4 in the center of the dining room. Sally said that the prices on the menu were a little steep, but Bill told us not to worry, because the guys were paying for dinner out of the money we earned dancing topless for the sailors. We ordered a sampler platter of appetizers. I had a petite filet with lobster risotto, and for dessert coffee and a chocolate souffle. The 4 of us had 2 bottles of a very fine Shiraz wine. During dinner we talked about what we did at the bar and back at the hotel. The guys kept trying to get Sally and me to commit to doing it again at either Sally's Bar and Grille or some other seedy place. Between courses, we danced to the dinner music played on a piano and sung by a female vocalist. I think we spent about 2-1/2 hours at the restaurant.

On the way back to our hotel, we pulled into a 7-ELEVEN. Sally and I were assigned to pickup some food to cook for breakfast, while the guys headed in another direction in the store. We loaded one of those little carry around baskets with; a quart of OJ, a dozen eggs, a 1/4 pound stick of butter, a pound of bacon and a 4 pack of Arnie's bear claws. The smallest milk we could find was a half gallon, way to much for scrambled eggs, so we settled on a pint of half and half. Dan and Bill met us at the checkout with aerosol whipped cream, plastic squirt type Hershey's syrup and a jar of Maraschino cherries. The last time we played with, the last 3 items, it had been a real mess and a Hell of a lot of fun. Back in the hotel, Bill and Sally went into their suite, while Dan and I went into our own room. The order from Dan was to strip. We both took our clothes off and hung them up in the closet. My wrists were tied behind my back and Dan took me into the bathroom. I had to lie on the bathmat and raise my legs, while Dan pulled out my egg vibrator and packed my pussy with ICE CUBES! My black mesh see through g-string was dry and resurrected from somewhere, and pulled up, to hold the ice cubes in my twat. I had to kneel in the shower over the drain hole. My twat was so hot, from about 3 hours of gentle egg vibrator buzzing, that the rapidly melting ice poured out of my hole into the drain. As soon as the ice contacted the walls of my vagina, it melted pretty fast 

With most of the ice melted after about 20 minutes or so, Dan came back and made me suck him off. When I finished and Dan took off my mesh g-string, the few remaining pieces of ice slid out harmlessly to the shower floor. Dan dried me off and took me to the kitchen area. He tied me down on the kitchen table and filled my cunt with drained maraschino cherries. Sally was tied and brought in. She got to sit on a kitchen chair and had to fish the cherries out of my twat, and eat me out. I remembered the last time we played this game. Sally patiently worked her tongue little by little into my vagina, squishing or flattening the cherries against my vaginal walls, and then scooped them out with her tongue and ate them. The whole thing was driving me up the wall. With a cherry less twat, Sally went down on me and made me come twice, before Bill broke us up, and took Sally back to her suite. Dan lled me off the cherry juice laden table and fucked me doggie-style. Then I was back up on the table and Dan filled my love hole with a generous squirt of aerosol whipped cream. It was getting really messy and sticky. Dan slurped up the whipped cream and dug it out of my cunt with his tongue. Then, he ate my pussy and really sucked the life out of my clit, giving me multiple orgasms.

My wrists were still tied behind my back, and Dan took me back into Sally's suite. She was tied down to her kitchenette table. Bill had made a human sundae out of her breasts and pussy. Her tits had been generously mounded with whipped cream, drizzled in chocolate syrup and topped with a cherry. Her pussy and love hole were, also, full of whipped cream, and Hershey's syrup. Sally had been slid back on the table so that her head hung over the edge of the table, and Bill had his cock buried in her mouth. Dan helped me kneel on a chair and lowered me, PLOP SPLAT, so that my belly landed over Sally's sticky pussy, and my mouth landed in the whipped cream sundae covering Sally's right breast. I gulped down a large mouthful of whipped cream and ate Sally's nipple cherry simultaneously. Then I lapped up the rest of the whipped cream on her right breast. I repeated everything on her left breast. Her tits were relatively clean, but still remained sticky. While Bill fucked Sally's mouth, I alternately sucked her nipples. Bill finally finished his slow thorough mouth fucking of his wife. Dan was waiting to go, and stepped in to resume Sally's mouth fucking. Meanwhile, Bill slid me down Sally's body, so my mouth was right over Her pussy. There was more whipped cream and gobs of chocolate syrup for me to lick and swallow, before I could actually begin to see her pussy parts. I, also, had to dive into her cunt, with my tongue, to get at the whipped cream in her love hole. Some of it had melted, and I got the rest out with my tongue, before seriously getting to work on her pussy. My face was a total mess. From time to time, I licked around my mouth and got what I could that was on my face, but never got it all. Some whipped cream had gotten in my nose. I made Sally come 3 times and figured that was enough. I looked up and saw that Dan was taking his sweet old time, and figured that he was letting Sally do most of the work. When he finally groaned and shot his load down Sally's throat. I was hoping that this food play was over and I'd get fucked. 

Instead, Dan took me into our kitchen and made me kneel on the floor. I didn't think that his limp cock was good for another BJ so soon. He made me suck him hard and then coated his penis and balls with chocolate syrup. I had to first lick his fingers clean. Chocolate syrup was dripping off the tip of Dan's cock and from his scrotum onto the floor. I first took care of the excess chocolate syrup on his shaft and then went for his ball sac. Licking the sticky goo off his hairy scrotum was quite a job. Once completed, I got his still sticky scrotum entirely in my mouth. Besides sucking it, my saliva diluted more chocolate syrup, which I swallowed. After I thoroughly sucked each of Dan's testicles, before I took his whole shaft in my mouth. As with Dan's scrotum, the addition of more of my saliva enabled me to get his dick cleaner and more slippery, so that my lips could easily slide and bob up and down on Dan's cock, while I sucked him for all I was worth. Finally, I took him deep in my throat. This would be no leisurely BJ for Dan, if I remained in control. I took him deep and massaged the tip of his cock against the back of my throat, while I continued to suck the life out of his cock. Sooner, not later, Dan succumbed, groaned and spewed his hot cum straight down my throat. After I finished swallowing all of Dan's cum and licking him clean, Dan took me back into Sally's kitchen

Sally was still tied down to the table. There appeared to be fresh traces of licked whipped cream and chocolate sauce all over Sally's boobs. Bill had not done as good a cleanup job as I had. Bill was busy stuffing Sally's cunt full of cherries. Dan brought me around to face Sally's mouth. A healthy squirt of whipped cream filled my pussy and Sally's mouth. Dan pushed my twat right up to Sally's mouth and held me there, while Bill, at the other end, was tonguing the cherries out of Sally's cunt and simultaneously eating her out. Sally swallowed the whipped cream in her mouth and then scooped up the whipped cream from my pussy. Once she got down to my pussy parts, Sally licked and sucked me to 2 orgasms. When Bill finished with Sally's cunt, he dragged her off the table, turned her around and bent her over the table. I was placed next to Sally and bent over the kitchen table. Dan and Bill fucked each&nbsp; of us, doggie style, before untying and releasing us. We scampered for Sally's bathroom to wash off all the sticky gunk from our bodies, including cum.

Day 3 &#8211;

We didn't even use the toilet, until after we showered. In the shower, we used different sprays and shampooed and washed twice. We had to wash our pussies 3 times, before everything was out of there. Once our pussies were clean we alternately knelt and ate each other out. After my hair and body were dry, I put my hair up in a high ponytail. Finally, I peed and brushed my teeth. I reported to my bedroom, where Dan was waiting for me. He put me in the padded leather cuffs crossed behind my back. He didn't even bind my legs. We settled under a sheet and I promptly fell asleep. I was surprised that Dan only woke me up once to screw me. Early in the morning, Dan woke me up, freed my wrists and told me to cook breakfast with Sally. I found her already at work practically right outside my bedroom door. She had cleaned off the table and floor, where my drippings had landed the night before, and assembled our 4 chairs and set the table. I started the coffee and poured a glass of OJ for everyone. Bill wandered in, from his suite, and went in my bedroom, emerging several minutes later with Dan. I scrambled the whole dozen eggs and added some half and half to the mixture. I added a glob of butter to the fry pan, because it was not Teflon coated, and cook them, until they were light and fluffy. Sally cooked the whole pound of bacon. Just before the eggs and bacon were done, I heated the bear claws in the microwave and served them with a pat of butter on each of the four pastries.

Sally and I had cooked up this scheme the night before, while we were in the shower. It had never happened before. I proposed that Sally and I tie up the 2 men and have our way with them.&nbsp; Sally piped in that they really owed us, and that they had double crossed us and taken us here, and allowed all those sailors to fuck us and do all that other stuff to us. The guys finally relented and agreed, but wanted to limit our time to 2 hours. I countered with 3 hours, and we finally split the difference and settled on 2-1/2 hours. As soon as we finished eating, we took our husbands to their bedrooms. We secured their wrists behind their backs with the padded leather cuffs and laid them out on their backs towards the bottom of the bed. We spread their legs and tied them spread-eagle to the bottom corner posts of the bed. As soon as both men were secure, we returned to Dan. I sucked his cock, until it was stiff and hard as nails. From my Internet reading, I took a piece of rope. Wound it tightly around the base of Dan's scrotum. Next came a turn around each testicle, followed by 2 turns around the base of his cock and knotting it off. But, I was not finished. I tied a vibrator, buzzing on low, to his stiff flagpole, with the head down between his balls. Sally sucked Bill's cock hard, and I tied his male jewels and the buzzing vibrator to his rigid shaft. We left them for about a half hour. The only thing that we had to watch for was any signs that their parts were turning blue. It's similar to tying a female's breasts. 

Sally and I cleaned up the kitchen and put all the dishes in the dishwasher and started it. We both took time to take a healthy crap and get rid of some of the food we stuffed into our mouths last night at dinner. Finally, we patrolled both suites picking up any extraneous refuse and putting furniture back in place. Dan was our first target. I removed the vibrator lashed to his erect dick and re-tied his legs together. Sally straddled Dan's face and had him eat out her pussy, while I straddled Dan's cock, climbed on it, and rode him cowgirl style. When I came, Dan's cock was pulsing and twitching, but he couldn't come. Sally and I switched places on Dan, and I got my pussy eaten, while Sally straddled and fucked Dan's still erect cock. We left Dan in his CBT tie, but did not tie the vibrator to Dan's still erect cock. We next went to Bill's bed and repeated what we had done to Dan. Sally got to ride his cock first, while I straddled Bill's face and he ate my pussy. Again, we switched positions on Bill, and rode his cock and got our pussy eaten. We left the vibrator off Bill's cock too.

We went back to Dan for another round. Everything looked good with his parts between his legs, with no sign of anything starting to turn blue. We each straddled and fucked him cowgirl style and each of us got our pussies eaten out. Before we left Dan, I untied his CBT tie and torture. Bill's cock and balls and scrotum still looked OK, when we went back to his bed, so we each rode his cock and made him eat our pussies again. When we finished, I untied the rope around Bill's scrotum, balls and penis. Sally and I had a little conference. Each of us had come 8 times, which included 4 pussy eating's and 4 cowgirl style fucks. Both of our husbands had been stimulated to the point of absolute frustration. They had gotten turned on and came, but no cum came out. They must have produced a ton of their little swimmers just waiting to burst out into some warm wet cunt. Sally and I decided to individually go to our husbands and make love to them and allow them to expel all their stored up sperm and relieve the tension and frustration that must have consumed their bodies and minds. 











I mounted Dan, inserted his cock in me and began kissing and making out with him. He came instantly. When I started to move, he came again. Finally, I fucked him, and several minutes later he exploded with the rest of his cum deep in my cunt. I had never been so full of cum. I unfastened his wrist cuffs, but left him to free his ankles. I ran into Sally's bedroom. She was just finishing up on Bill. I helped her partially free him, and we ran into their shower, with cum pouring down our legs. We'd let the guys fend for themselves. We donned shower caps and took a quick shower, mainly to wash the cum out of our pussies. We didn't take time to play at all, because we went over our agreed upon 2-1/2 hour time limit. Also, checkout time was looming, and we would have to vacate our rooms. After drying off and fixing my hair, I brushed my teeth and headed for my suite's bedroom. Dan was there getting dressed. Apparently he had no problem freeing himself and probably just cleaned up, without taking a shower. My clothes were laid out on our bed. I had to wear the exact same outfit that I wore at Sally's Bar and Grille, when I danced topless with all those sailors, including my heels and black see-through g-string panties. Those panties had been used several times here in the hotel, but they always showed up clean and dry and fresh smelling. The panty fairy was very nice to me. After I was dressed, Dan inserted the 3" egg vibrator up my twat for the umpteenth time. Before my panties were pulled up, Dan put a wad of Kleenex against my pussy. My wrists were buckled crossed behind my back, with the padded leather cuffs. 

Dan opened our main door just enough to turn around the "
DO NOT DISTURB" sign that was hanging on our doorknob. He put on my raincoat and fastened it, with my empty sleeves dangling free. He left the keycard on the 8' round table, grabbed our garment bag and bondage gear duffle, and we walked through the double doors into Sally's and Bill's suite. When Sally and Bill were ready to go, Bill grabbed up their stuff, flipped the sign on their doorknob and headed for the elevators. Once on the main floor, we exited the back way and walked to Bill's SUV. Sally and I were buckled into the back seat and only our ankles were tied. Dan climbed inn the back between Sally and me. Bill's SUV had plenty of room and a wide bench seat, plus all the rear windows of the SUV were tinted fairly dark. As soon as we took off for home, Bill produced the remote controls for our internal 3" egg vibrators and turned them up to high. Dan unfastened my seat belt and my raincoat, and untied my top, exposing my bare tits. Next he unfastened his pants and slid them down to his knees, along with his shorts. He wrapped an arm around my neck and made me go down on his dick. I came once early on, during my BJ, from the effects of my vibrator. After I sucked Dan off and swallowed his cum, he got one hand under my skirt, inside my g-string, past the Kleenex and rubbed my clit until I had another orgasm. Sally, who had come twice, during all this, was nmext for Dan. She eagerly went down on his rejuvenated cock, took her clit rubbing orgasm in stride. We seemed to be taking the back roads back to Lake Forest, because there was virtually no oncoming traffic. For the rest of the trip home, or at least until we got into populated areas, Dan alternately kissed and sucked on our exposed nipples.

Who knows if Sally and Jennifer,, or Tammy and Tiffany will ever again show up at Sally's Bar and Grille, or any other dive, where they can dance topless with any sailors or other members of Our Military???

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jennifer.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





