BDSM Library - Three J\'s and an S Go To Mardi Gras




Three J\'s and an S Go To Mardi Gras
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A friend of one of The Three J�s boyfriends has a plan to impress his father and show him that he has the vision to take over �The Three Jacks� club on Bourbon Street.   The Three J�s and an S agree to help him in his plan which involves them walking down Bourbon Street on five consecutive nights dressed in more and more daring costumes.






1Three J's and an S Go To Mardi Gras

By The Technician

Female Exhibitionism

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Sara gets a chance to really strut her stuff on Bourbon Street

A friend of one of The Three J's boyfriends has a plan to impress his father
and show him that he has the vision to take over "The Three Jacks" club on
Bourbon Street.&nbsp; The Three J's and an S agree to help him in his plan which
involves them walking down Bourbon Street on five consecutive nights dressed in
more and more daring costumes. .

You don't need to have read "Three J's and an S go Skiing" to understand this
story. It stands by itself.&nbsp; I do not like writing sequels because they often
go down dead ends and wind up being disappointing.&nbsp; I am therefore treating
this as fresh story and will make no significant references to the original.

This is a pretty tame story and centers primarily around female exhibitionism,
which is pretty rampant during the final weeks of Mardi Gras.&nbsp; If you are
looking for more than that, go to one of my other stories.

This story is also very long and starts kind of slow.&nbsp; I know that I should
have probably broken it up into at least three chapters, but there is no place
where the storyline truly breaks. To those of you who complain that some of my
posts are too long, I apologize. To those who complain that all of my posts are
too short, you should be very happy with this.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

WARNING!&nbsp; All of my writing is intended for adults over the age of 18 ONLY.
Stories may contain strong or even extreme sexual content.&nbsp; All people and
events depicted are fictional and any resemblance to persons living or dead is
purely coincidental. Actions, situations, and responses are fictional ONLY and
should not be attempted in real life.

If you are under the age or 18 or do not understand the difference between
fantasy and reality or if you reside in any state, province, nation, or tribal
territory that prohibits the reading of acts depicted in these stories, please
stop reading immediately and move to somewhere that exists in the twenty-first
century.

Archiving and reposting of this story is permitted, but only if acknowledgment
of copyright and statement of limitation of use is included with the article.
This story is copyright (c) 2014 by The Technician ( Technician666@Gmail.Com. )

Individual readers may archive and/or print single copies of this story for
personal, non-commercial use.&nbsp; Production of multiple copies of this story on
paper, disk, or other fixed format is expressly forbidden.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
* * * * * * * * * * * *

Sara walked out of the kitchen where she was doing her final cleanup for the
evening and shouted down the hallway of the condo,&nbsp; "J's, it's almost time.&nbsp; I
have the computer set up in the TV room.&nbsp; Ron said he was calling at ten
o'clock"

The Three J's walked quickly down the hallway to the TV room.&nbsp; The laptop had
been set up on the coffee table, which had been pulled a little farther away
from the couch than normal. That way everyone could see the screen, and the
webcam in the lid of the laptop would pick up everyone on the couch. 

Judy sat in the middle of the couch because it was her computer, and it was her
boyfriend, Ron, who had texted her earlier in the day asking if the Three J's
and an S could be available for a conference call tonight.&nbsp; He said that a
friend of his had a proposition about spring break that they might be
interested to hear.

Because it was her boyfriend who would be calling, Judy was wearing her
favorite nightwear.&nbsp; It was a light blue, baby doll nightie that was almost
totally transparent.&nbsp; It was also one of Ron's favorites, and if this were a
private call between just her and Ron, she would have left off the bra and
panties that were a part of the set, but since this was a conference call and
Kevin would most likely also be present, she was a little more covered up.

Julie sat to Judy's left.&nbsp; Kevin was Julie's boyfriend and a classmate of
Ron's.&nbsp; Both young men were pre-med students which The Three J's and an S had
met the winter before during a very interesting skiing vacation.&nbsp; Julie was
also wearing a nightie, but it was nowhere near as transparent as the one Judy
was wearing, and the bra and panties were satin and much closer to the size of
a more modest bikini than the wisps of fabric that barely covered Judy's
breasts and pubic area. In fact, the bottoms were practically granny panties.

Joan sat on the other side of Judy and was also wearing some of her favorite
nightwear - a long T-shirt style nightgown.&nbsp; It had a rainbow and an image of a
winged, white unicorn on it and looked like it came from the little girls
department... unless you looked closely at the saddle on the unicorn.&nbsp; It was
rather strangely shaped and black, with a pink ridge that ran most of the
length of the saddle at the very top.&nbsp; In very ornate rainbow lettering beneath
the unicorn it said, "Soar with Sybian," a reference to the female masturbation
machine that was the vibrator of all vibrators.

Joan had purchased a Sybian for Sara following their ski trip last winter.&nbsp; It
was "an engagement gift."&nbsp; During their ski vacation, Joan and Sara had finally
discovered and admitted to themselves and the world what almost everyone around
them had already recognized for a long time, that Joan and Sara were very much
attracted to each other in a loving D/s relationship.

Joan, Judy and Julie had been friends since they were born.&nbsp; Their parents
were friends and business partners in many different endeavors.&nbsp; Judy's family
was "old money," and her father spent his time managing the family fortune,
which meant keeping on top of a wide mix of companies and parent companies in
which he was majority stockholder.&nbsp; Julie's family was "not-quite-so-old
money," and her father was the CEO of one of the parent companies.&nbsp; Joan's
family was still considered "new money" even though it had been her
great-grandfather who had started the family legal dynasty.&nbsp; Her father was
Chief Legal Counsel for the parent company that Julie's father ran, as well as
several other companies.&nbsp; This was in addition to his private practice which
was extensive, but mostly handled by other lawyers in his offices.

The trill of the computer brought The Three J's attention to the screen.&nbsp; Judy
reached forward and tapped a key and Ron's face appeared on the screen.
"Everybody there?" he asked.

"We're all here," answered Judy.&nbsp; "Sara is still futzing around in the kitchen,
but she can hear us."

As if to prove that, a voice came from the kitchen, "Hi Ron."

Ron laughed and said, "Hi Sara."&nbsp; Then he coughed slightly and said, "I know
that we had talked about going down Florida for spring break, but Ace here has
a proposition that I think you might want to hear."

"Ace?" responded all three J's at the same time.

"Alowishus Carlton Eastland," answered Ron.&nbsp; Then a deep voice from alongside
him added, "The fourth."

After a quick laugh, the voice added, "But my friends call me &#8216;Ace,'"

"His dad runs a business in... I'll let him explain."

Ron stepped out of the image and a very handsome, very large, very black man
took his place.

He looked out from the screen at The Three J's and said, "I can see that I
surprised you.&nbsp; I often have that effect on people.&nbsp; When you hear &#8216;Alowishus
Carlton Eastland' you expect some white, British dude."

"Let me explain myself.&nbsp; My great-great-grandfather was part of the first
Jamacian slave rebellion in 1832.&nbsp; He was just a kid, but after the British
troops finally restored order, he would have been executed with the rest of
them except that two Baptist missionaries took him away with them to New
Orleans."

He pronounced it "Nawlins," which indicated that he was probably from there, or
near there.

"The two missionaries had been preaching abolition, so they couldn't go back to
the island and they stayed on for a while in New Orleans.&nbsp; While they were
there, they registered him as a &#8216;freeman,' meaning that he was a freed slave.
That sort of thing was totally accepted in New Orleans in those days."

"He married a free woman, and when my great-grandfather was born, he named him
after the two preachers, Brother Alowishus, and Brother Carlton.&nbsp; Slaves didn't
have last names, but he knew that his mother always said that they were from
&#8216;the East Lands," so he chose that as a last name."

Ace looked down rather sheepishly and continued in a somewhat softer voice.
"There was another reason for the name.&nbsp; It was sort of a joke that the white
folk wouldn't get.&nbsp; He told my grand daddy that &#8216;The only way a spade can ever
make it in this white world is to be the Ace of Spades.'"

He smiled and said, "I'm the fourth Ace in the family."

"I can tell from your expressions, you don't get the joke either," he added.
"In a way, that's good.&nbsp; And if you ask me to explain, I'll just get up on my
high horse and go on about it for way too long.&nbsp; For now, let's just say that
&#8216;Calling a Spade a Spade' has nothing to do with a shovel and I'll explain it
all to you some other time.&nbsp; For now we have a business proposition to talk
about.&nbsp; OK?"

"Fine," answered Judy.

"You may have guessed that I'm from New Orleans.&nbsp; You ever been to Bourbon
Street?"

Surprisingly it was Julie who said "Yes."&nbsp; Joan and Judy shook their heads no.

"Ever seen &#8216;The Three Jacks' nightclub?

"I don't remember it." answered Julie. "We drove through with my parents a long
time ago when I was just a little kid."

Ace laughed.&nbsp; "Most people don't remember it even if they walk through as an
adult.&nbsp; The full name of the club is &#8216;The Three Jacks and an Ace.'&nbsp; It's a
corner place near the end of the hot area of The Quarter and most people walk
right on past it either goin' to or comin' from where the real action is.&nbsp; It's
been there for at least a hundred years.&nbsp; I don't know what the original name
of the place was, but when my grandfather won it in a poker game, he renamed it
&#8216;The Three Jacks.'&nbsp; I will probably be running it one of these days..., if I
can convince my daddy that I have any business sense."

He coughed lightly.&nbsp; "Which brings us to my proposition.&nbsp; This is my thesis
project for my MBA, and an attempt to show daddy that I can make some positive
changes to the club.&nbsp; Everybody thinks that we don't have seasons in New
Orleans, but we have four seasons just like everybody else... except for us the
four seasons are Summer, Hurricane, Christmas, and Mardi Gras.&nbsp; The Quarter is
more or less protected from the worst of the hurricanes.&nbsp; Even during Katrina,
most of the places in The Quarter didn't even close until the troops shut them
down.&nbsp; Summer and Christmas are OK and there is a steady flow of tourists to
keep the business running, but down in the quarter, Mardi Gras is our
make-it-or-break-it time.&nbsp; And The Three Jacks' cut of the Mardi Gras business
has been slowly going down.&nbsp; This year could be a really big year because Mardi
Gras and most college spring breaks overlap this year.&nbsp; You following me so
far?"

The Three J's nodded at the webcam, and Ace continued.&nbsp; "I have this idea for a
publicity campaign that will put The Three Jacks' name in the news.&nbsp; Most
people think that anything goes on Bourbon Street, but things are actually very
tightly regulated...&nbsp; pasties are required for public performances..., no
genitalia can show at any time..., even the when and where you can show
asscheeks are all spelled out in the laws."

He laughed, "Now, that doesn't mean that all of those laws are always enforced,
but you have to at least pay lip service to them, and you damn well better
follow them for Summer and Christmas.&nbsp; Those are &#8216;family tourist' seasons. Even
Mardi Gras is family tourist season for most of New Orleans.&nbsp; There are a lot
of krews doing very family-oriented parades all around the city throughout the
weeks of Mardi Gras.&nbsp; But in The Quarter it is old fashioned Carn-i-val, and
the closer you get to Fat Tuesday, the more you can get away with."

"My plan is to take advantage of a quirk in the laws to do something wild.
Almost all of the regulations apply to public businesses, and the language is
specific... public businesses.&nbsp; That was intended to keep the restrictions from
applying to private homes, but it also accidently exempted private clubs from
these regulations.&nbsp; When they realized that problem, the city moved to add
something that said that private clubs would be treated the same as public
businesses.&nbsp; When the lawyers pointed out that the way the that law was being
written, it would apply to private parties in people's homes, they defined a
public business as any place that advertized their offerings for more than a
week in advance and were open for more than twenty-four hours."

"I am going to open a private club for twenty three hours and start advertizing
it five or six days in advance.&nbsp; Daddy says that is impossible, but I am
betting it will work... if I have the proper advertizing.&nbsp; I convinced daddy to
let me use the second floor with the balconies for the night.&nbsp; He hasn't had
more than 50% bookings up there for the last five or so years and 46% is the
break even point, so he agreed. He is even leaving town while I work my plan so
I either make it or don't make it all on my own."

"I told Ron and Kevin that what I needed were three very attractive girls - the
Jacks - who were willing to stroll down Bourbon Street each evening wearing
skimpy costumes and one totally uninhibited girl - the Ace - who was willing to
accompany them wearing even less and pass out playing cards advertizing the
club.&nbsp; I've got the menu and entertainment all lined up. All the reservations
will be on-line, the app and website are already written, all anyone has to do
is scan the box on the card and it will take them to the site where they can
make reservations and put down a deposit.&nbsp; I think we can at least get back up
above 60%. Hell, we might even sell out."

"When I explained it all to Ron and Kevin, they told me that The Three Jacks
and an Ace really needed to meet The Three J's and an S.&nbsp; I can see that you
are all very beautiful girls.&nbsp; Do you know a fourth girl who is very
uninhibited?"

"Do you mean like me?" asked Sara as she stepped into the range of the webcam.
In a way she was also wearing her favorite sleepwear.&nbsp; Actually she was wearing
more than what she normally slept in. She was wearing a black velvet collar and
nothing else.&nbsp; Joan had given her that collar during their ski vacation.
Golden script on the collar said "J J J," which stood for "The Three J's."&nbsp; It
was also Joan's initials.&nbsp; Her full name was Joan Judith Johnson.

The Three J's could hear Ron and Kevin laughing in the background.&nbsp; Kevin
stepped into the image and said, "We figured that there was no way to describe
Sara, so we just told Ace that The Three Js and an S were exactly what he was
looking for and let him find out for himself."
"One problem," said Joan.&nbsp; "There will be thousands of cameras and videos on
Bourbon Street.&nbsp; Sara wants to maybe teach school some day.&nbsp; We are hopefully
going to be leaders in our various fields.&nbsp; Something like this will be on the
internet forever."

"Got that covered," said Ace, stepping back before the camera holding a large
feathered mask before his face.&nbsp; "Mardi Gras masks are one of the big
traditions down here.&nbsp; They cover almost all of the face, and with makeup on
the rest, even facial recognition software won't be able to tell who is under
the masks.&nbsp; This is your chance to be anonymous exhibitionists."

"You can stay in a couple of old apartments on the top floor of the club. Daddy
can't rent them out anymore 'til he meets some new federal requirements for
accessibility - that's what happens when you take federal money after a
disaster.&nbsp; Anyway, you have a place to stay and to change from your secret
identities into your superslut alter egos without anybody knowing who you are.
What do you say?&nbsp; I will even pay the air fare. It's a free Spring Break trip
to Mardi Gras for a little work that will be a lot more fun that it is work?"

"Sounds like a good idea to me," answered Judy.

Joan looked over at Sara before answering, and after seeing the hopeful
expression on her face said, "We'll do it."

Julie chewed her lower lip and said slowly, "I don't know.&nbsp; I'm not sure I want
to do this."

Judy reached over suddenly and thrust her hand down the front of Julie's satin
panties.&nbsp; "She'll go," she answered with a laugh.&nbsp; "Her mind may not be sure,
but trust me, her body is really looking forward to this."

Julie cover her face with her hands.&nbsp; "Judy!&nbsp; He can see us!"

Judy laughed and held her hand up to the webcam.&nbsp; "Then he can see that my hand
is dripping wet and so is your pussy.&nbsp; You are getting off just thinking about
parading down Bourbon street strutting your stuff."

"Don't use the word &#8216;parade,'" interjected Ace.&nbsp; He almost yelled as he
repeated himself, "Don't EVER use the word &#8216;parade' to describe anything that
we do.&nbsp; You would not believe the regulations that kick in as soon as you use
the word &#8216;parade.' You can stroll, strut, saunter, and sashay without a permit,
but as soon as you parade... Lord-a-mighty do it get complicated.&nbsp; And you
cannot &#8216;throw' anything.&nbsp; The special playing cards have to be placed in each
person's hands.&nbsp; If you drop it even an inch, you are suddenly a parade."

Ace laughed.&nbsp; "I guess that is another high horse I get to galloping on way too
easily.&nbsp; Anyway, we have a deal.&nbsp; I will work out details with Ron and Kevin
and they can keep you in the loop on what is going on.&nbsp; Looking forward to
working with you at Marti Gras."

With that, Ace stepped out of the image.&nbsp; Ron stepped into the picture and
said, "I'll let you girls discuss this now.&nbsp; Talk to you later, babe.&nbsp; I love
you."&nbsp; He blew a kiss to Judy.

"Bye Honey," she responded.

Kevin replaced Ron in the image, but before he could say anything, Julie
quickly said, "I think that Kevin and I will continue this conversation in
private in my bedroom."

With that she promptly picked up Judy's laptop and walked out of the room.

Sara giggled, "I think Kevin and Julie are going to do more than talk."

Joan laughed and replied, "Doesn't the commercial say that a video call is the
next best thing to being there?"

"But best is being there, isn't it?" answered Sara as she walked out of the
room.&nbsp; She wiggled her ass slightly as she went through the door and said,
"I'll be waiting in the bedroom, Joan."

***

A little over two months later, Joan, Judy, Julie and Sara waited outside the
baggage claim area at Louis Armstrong Airport for the van that was supposed to
pick them up.&nbsp; Kevin had told Julie that he would be waiting in the Cell Phone
Lot, whatever that was, and that she should call once they had their bags and
were on their way out the door.

"He said he would be right here," she said as she put her phone back in her
purse. Julie then said to Sara with a nervous giggle, "I can't believe we are
actually doing this."

"We haven't done anything yet," answered Sara. "I was sort of hoping to at
least get a full body pat down from one of those TSA screeners. I think it's
hilarious that they automatically assume I would be embarrassed by having a man
pat me down, but wouldn't mind a woman.&nbsp; A man is just hands, the right woman
patting me down could really get my juices flowing."

"After you walked past that window," Judy smirked. "nobody needed to pat you
down. You could see everything you've got right through that dress.&nbsp; Don't you
even own any underwear?"

Sara just smirked back at her and answered, "Of course I do! I have a pair of
granny panties I keep in my dresser for when I have a doctor's appointment."

Julie looked around nervously to see who might be overhearing them and said,
"You two!" She was going to say something else, but at that moment a van came
gliding to the curb with Kevin at the wheel.

"Julie up front with me," he said.&nbsp; "Ace and Ron will put the bags in the back,
and then it's Ace, Ron and Judy in the second seat and Sara and Joan in the
back."

Sara let out a big groan and said, "Back of the bus again!" Then she gave Ace a
big smile.

He chuckled and said, "You do like to stir things up, don't you little lady?"

"All the time; all the time," she answered with a big grin.

"Well," he continued, "Kevin is going to drive the bus and I am going to be the
tour guide. Not much to talk about until we get down to the quarter. One
interstate looks pretty much like any other."

Julie spoke up, "I didn't expect it to be so... big." She then suddenly turned
red. "I mean," she sputtered, "I mean the city and the traffic and all of
that."

Sara piped up with "Julie has the cleanest toes of any of us.... because she's
always got her foot in her mouth."

Ace ignored her and said, "New Orleans is a major shipping port and has been
since before any Europeans came here.&nbsp; There's also a lot of heavy industry and
transportation around here, plus a huge tourist industry."

Kevin started down an exit and Ace said, "Now we are getting somewhere. Welcome
to the French Quarter.&nbsp; The biggest problem down here is knowing which streets
go which way. Just assume that whichever way you want to go, the street you
want to be on goes the other way."

As Kevin slowed to turn off Rampart Avenue, Ace said, "This is the top end of
the quarter.&nbsp; We are about in the middle.&nbsp; If we can get through, Kevin will go
down Bourbon street to Esplanade. Then we will go up to Rampart and back down
to Canal.&nbsp; I will walk with you from Canal to Dumaine where the Jacks is
located.

Joan was about to ask what Ace meant by "if we can get through," when Kevin
turned onto St. Ann Street. "Wow!" she said as he threaded the van down the
narrow street. "No wonder these are one way. You could never pass another
vehicle."

Ace spoke up, "At night when the crowds get big, there will be people literally
from wall to wall on these streets.&nbsp; If the whole crowd in moving in one
direction, it is almost impossible to move against the crowd, even on foot."

Kevin turned onto Bourbon street.&nbsp; "That's The Three Jacks up there on the
left," said Ace. There was a rather nondescript three story building on the
northwest side of the intersection. The ornate wrought iron railings of a
narrow balcony wrapped around the corner of the building on the second and
third floors."

"It looks like... ... houses up ahead," said Julie from the front seat. "I
thought Bourbon Street was all bars and strip clubs."

Ace laughed. "A lot of tourists think that because they only see &#8216;the strip,'
he explained. "But most of the quarter is small shops, houses and apartments.
There are only about 8 blocks of true sin and debauchery. It is a wonderful
place to live... most of the time. The people who actually live down her hate
New Year's Eve and Marti Gras because of all the tourists. The Three Jacks is
on the edge of &#8216;Sin Strip.' Everything from here to Esplanade is almost all
private housing. That's why business is so bad.&nbsp; Everyone walks up from Jackson
Square on Orleans and turns left onto Bourbon Street toward Canal because those
blocks are where most of the action is. I need to draw some of them up this
way. That's where you four girls come in."

Kevin turned onto Esplanade.&nbsp; The wide boulevard with room to park in both
direction made&nbsp; Bourbon Street seem even smaller. They quickly returned to
Rampart and turned left toward Canal Street. "The quarter is only fourteen
blocks long from Canal to Esplanade," continued Ace. "You are going to be
walking nine of those blocks, and the first couple blocks you have to walk
pretty fast so the hotel people don't get upset."

His voice changed and took on a hint of bitterness. "The hotels on Canal don't
want &#8216;sex workers' slumming down their business.&nbsp; But that's what most of the
people came to Nawlins to see.&nbsp; They are attracted to Bourbon street like moths
circling a flame.&nbsp; The Hotels sell that, but they don't want that flame too
close to their high-priced restaurants and clubs."

He looked like he wanted to spit, but instead continued his diatribe, "They
will let their guests go slumming all they want down on Bourbon street, but
don't you dare track any of the dirt on the carpets when you come back.&nbsp; They
gouge them good for their meals before they go and overcharge them for their
high-class cocktails when they come back.&nbsp; But don't you go in there and ask
for a good old-fashioned Hurricane or they will look at you like you was a
water bug that crawled out from under the carpet."

"Sorry," he said suddenly as Kevin pulled up to the curb, "got to riding
another high horse. Let's walk back down Bourbon Street to the club and I will
explain some of the rules of the game. First off, the driver won't stop on this
side of the street. He will go down Poydras&#8211;he pronounced it &#8216;Per-drahs'&#8211; and
then come back up Canal so he is on the right side of the street to drop you
off at Bourbon."

As they crossed Canal street, Ace instructed, "When you first get out of the
van, walk fast and keep walking. No matter what anyone says to you, keep
walking fast. The cops and hotel detectives don't want you around the front of
their hotels and might hassle you, but as long as you are already walking away
they will let you go."

Ace was walking rapidly as he spoke and the girls had a little trouble keeping
up with him.&nbsp; "The second thing&#8211;and this is very important&#8211;is that you cannot
get within 25 feet of the entrance of any of these clubs or restaurants. There
is a &#8216;No Enticement' ordinance that goes back to way before the civil war.&nbsp; I
think it was to prevent the owners from shooting each other, but in any case,
you can't entice another establishments customers away from their business.
That law hasn't been used in forever, but I am going to be dancing around
several modern laws and I don't want somebody reaching back into history to
come up with something to derail me."

"But how can we avoid walking past their doors?" asked Judy.

"Trust me," answered Ace, "the street will be packed with people. You just need
to weave back and forth down the street so that you are always on the other
side of the street when you pass the entrance to a club or restaurant.&nbsp; Don't
worry about the shops. The law only applies to like businesses. Everybody
understand all that?"

"Got it, fearless leader," chirped Sara, who then giggled.

"You three just walk and look pretty," Ace said, pointing to Julie, Judy and
Joan. "You," pointing to Sara, "walk and look even prettier and hand out the
playing cards. You don't mention the name of the club. You don't say why you
are handing out the cards. You don't say anything. If you do, you are
soliciting for the club and that is a whole new set of laws and regulations. It
doesn't matter because the cards are pretty self-explanatory."

He held up a playing card in his hands. It looked very much like an ordinary
Jack of Hearts, and the back looked very much like an ordinary playing card,
except that in a big oval in the middle of the back was what was obviously an
omnidirectional barcode scan block. "When they scan this with their phone, it
takes them to the website and the website explains everything. That, and the
signboards you other girls will be wearing will tell them everything they need
to know. It's all within the law because the laws haven't caught up to the
digital age."

Ace laughed and said, "We're here."

They had now reached Dumaine Street and Ace turned to enter the club. "Do you
think you girls can handle it?" he asked.

The Three J's nodded. Sara asked, "What do I get to wear?"

"That will change each night," answered Ace. "We get a little more daring each
of the five nights. We are definitely within the constraints of the law except
maybe for the last night, and then only for Sara. But that last night, things
are so wild that almost anything goes as long as you don't fight, don't piss on
the sidewalk, and don't carry anything in glass out onto the street."

"I think we are safe there," observed Joan. "I haven't pissed on the sidewalk
since I was six."

"Speak for yourself," replied Sara.&nbsp; Then she asked, "When do we make our
walk?"

"We do it twice each evening," answered Ace. "First time will be at nine. Most
of the little old lady tourists will have gone back to the hotel by then. The
second time will be at Midnight. The website will tell them to expect you, so
people will be looking for you the second time down the street. And that will
include the police, so make sure you do everything right."

"Can we get arrested doing this?" asked Julie, suddenly looking fearful. "I
don't want to end up with a record."

"I will be shadowing you the first couple of nights," answered Ace. "as will
two of my security people, my lawyer, and two retired police officers. If
anything goes down, it will get settled on the street. Worse case, they run us
off and tell us to stay away and my plan fails. The chance of an actual arrest
is very, very small as long as you stick to the rules and don't say ANYTHING to
a police officer."
"If you get stopped, just batt your eyes and stare at them regardless of what
they say or ask. I and the lawyer will step in and handle things. If some drunk
in the crowd hassles you, just move away from them. Don't push, don't yell,
don't argue, just move away. Two big guys with black T shirts that say, &#8216;Three
Jacks Security' should be enough to cause whoever it is to melt back into the
crowd. And for your walks on Monday and Tuesday night there will be two more
black shirts walking with you."

Ace suddenly changed into a very Nawlins dialect. "You jus' godda know &#8216;ow to
tawk to dese peepo," he said with a laugh. Then he switched back to very proper
English. "Don't worry about it. You four just strut your stuff and let the
suits and the muscle and me take care of the rest."

***

Ace had suggested that the girls rest up for the night ahead, but Julie hadn't
seen Kevin in a while and Judy hadn't seen Ron for just as long.&nbsp; So, although
they both went up to their bedrooms, there was very little actual resting done.
Joan and Sara had not been apart so they decided to explore the quarter. Sara
ran in and out of the little shops and poked her head into almost every bar.
She wanted to buy a drink at the Cat's Meow, but couldn't prove that she was
over 21. So instead they went a little farther down the street and checked out
"La Rouge," one of the more raunchy clubs just off the main strip.

Not a whole lot was happening in the early afternoon, but if you've got money,
there is always a stripper available. A really nice looking, coffee-colored
young man informed them that both he and the private rooms were available for
more intimate lap dances. Sara smiled sweetly at him and said, "Right idea,
wrong lap."

When he looked at her very confused, she reached over and pulled Joan into her
arms and gave her a long, deep kiss. The young man laughed and said, "I'll send
Lucille over to see you."

Sara giggled and said to Joan, "I guess nothing shocks them down here."

Joan patted her on the hand and replied, "Give it a few days, honey, I'm sure
you will come up with something." Then they both laughed.

A heavily made up blond in a skin-tight, sequined body suit walked over to the
table. "Hi, I'm Lucille," she said. "Sweety said that he wasn't your type and
that I should give it a try. You interested in some private dancing?"

"Sweety?" said Sara, her eyebrows arched in surprise.

The blond laughed and explained, "Let's just say that you aren't exactly his
type either, but our preferences aren't what is important."

"So am I your type?" asked Sara.

"You could be," Lucille answered, "but I have a feeling that you are already
taken."

"You got that right," said Joan emphatically. "Let's just pretend that I'm her
husband watching her have some fun before taking her back to our room to ravish
her."

Sara raised her eyebrows again, bounced up and down slightly, and said,
"Promise? Promise?"

A short, necessary, discussion of money followed between Lucille and Joan and
then the three of them retired to the back of the club where there were a
series of small cubicles with open archways. "If there's a door, its'
prostitution," explained Lucille. "I think it's an old French or Spanish law.
Evidently you could fuck all you wanted out on the street, but once you closed
the door you got arrested. I think it was really to keep hookers from robbing
the johns. Now it is really for the dancer's safety.., and to keep the
customers from getting too wild."

She looked over at Sara, smiled and said, "Somehow, honey, I don't think that
the lack of a door will hold you back at all."

"What are the rules?" asked Sara.

"You sit in the chair while I do all the moving. No touching. No penetration -
but that doesn't apply woman to woman since you can't actually touch me. Lips
to skin is OK, but no lips to genitals. I usually make a man remain clothed so
he can't accidentally spurt all over me, but woman to woman it's totally up to
you."

Sara answered by pulling her dress up over her head and throwing it to Joan.
Then she sat down in the chair. She was wearing nothing under the dress.

Lucille pulled her body suit over her shoulders and then down her legs and
stood there in a very small bra and g-string. "A full skin to skin dance costs
twenty extra," she said to Joan.

Sara looked at her with pleading eyes and Joan dug more bills from her purse
and laid them on the table with the previously agreed fee. "I spoil you," she
said to Sara.
"I'll make it up to you," she answered as she gripped the edge of the chair
like she was getting ready to start a roller coaster ride.

The blonde pushed a button on the wall and an old fashioned bump and grind song
began playing from the speakers on the wall. Swaying with the music, Lucille
danced around Sara and slowly removed her bra.&nbsp; After a couple more trips
around the chair, she leaned down away from Sara and slid the tiny thong down
her legs, exposing her clean shaven pussy.

Sara was swaying with the music and staring at Lucille as she sat in the chair.
The blonde was moving around her and rubbing her legs against Sara's body. She
suddenly bent slightly, straddled Sara's legs, and pushed her ass cheeks
against Sara's breasts. The music had reached a section with a series of
bump-bumpdy-bumps and Lucille swirled her ass in time to the music.&nbsp; Sara just
sighed and pushed her breasts back against her.

The music was timed out for 8 minutes and Lucille knew exactly when it would
end.&nbsp; She planned her movements so that she was grinding her way up Sara's legs
into her lap, gyrating in time to the heavy beat. Her final thrust on the last
bump of the music left her sitting on Sara's lap with her cunt just fractions
of an inch from Sara's dripping pussy.

When the music ending, Lucille stood up and began calmly picking up her
clothing. "You want a repeat?" she asked Joan. She knew Sara would say yes, but
Joan was the one with the money so her's was the important answer.

"That's enough for now," Joan answered.

Sara looked over at her with semi-glazed eyes and said, "You've got to take me
back to the room, Joanie... now." 

Then she stood up and started walking toward the front of the club. Lucille
laughed and said, "You'd better get that dress back on her before she reaches
the street, or somebody is going to spend the night in jail."

Joan ran after her through the club yelling, "Sara, wait! Put your dress back
on!"

Joan caught Sara just before she stepped outside. She didn't seem to notice
when Joan slid the dress over her head. She was in a pre-orgasmic high and
would remain there until she and Joan got back to their room at the Three
Jacks.&nbsp; They went up the back steps at the club and Sara more than "made it up"
to Joan once they were back in their room.&nbsp; Following that, they both slept
until suppertime.

***

At supper, Ace explained the plan for the evening and showed the girls their
costumes. The Three J's would each be wearing what amounted to a white cat
suit. The skin tight white latex would have been almost obscene if worn alone,
but over it they wore a short, leather petal skirt. The petals alternated red,
black and white in color. Over their shoulders was a large collar cape which
was also composed of petals.&nbsp; Judy and Julie's were totally red,, while Joan'
was black. A leather hood / face mask completed the outfit. The hoods matched
the collars and had matching feathers attached around the eyes which gave the
girls a rather owl-like appearance.

In addition to the costume, The Three J's also wore a leather waistlet-style
corset from which two aluminum poles extended from the back to over their
heads.&nbsp; Above their heads, supported by the poles, was a large playing card.
Julie was the Jack of Hearts; Judy was the Jack of Diamonds;&nbsp; and Joan was the
Jack of Clubs. On the back side of the three cards was an ad for The Three
Jacks which invited everyone to the club. It also said in large font, "For one
night only, visit The Ace of Spades private club for a very special evening."
Beneath that was the same omnidirectional scan block that appeared on the back
of the deck of cards which Sara would be distributing.

Sara's outfit was also white latex, except it wasn't a cat suit. It was a
bikini, a rather modest bikini, but a bikini none-the-less. The bottoms were
skin-tight, but there was a camel toe shield in the crotch so it actually
revealed less than most modern swim suits. On the very front of the bottom
piece was a large spade, located so that the tail of the spade descended
between Sara's legs.

The top was also skin tight, but had more coverage than your average bra, and
since there were&nbsp; nipple shields in the cups, it too, revealed much less than
would average swim attire. A set of high-heeled, knee-high black boots covered
her legs. The boots had a large square coming up from the front like pirate
boots in old movies.&nbsp; It covered most of her thigh and flapped slightly as she
walked.&nbsp; As with The Three J's, a leather hood / face mask completed the
outfit. Sara's hood was white with gold feathers attached around the eyes.

Attached to the back of her top / bra was a small white box with wires that led
into the latex and also down to the bottoms. The wire leading to the bottoms
was held in place with a piece of almost flesh colored tape.

Ace explained that whenever someone scanned the block on the back of the cards,
the website would send out a signal that caused the lights on the costume to
flash. He used his phone and one of the cards to demonstrate and very small LED
lights flashed around the edges of the bikini tops and bottoms and around the
large spade on Sara's crotch. Larger lights also flashed and ran around the
edges of the large Jacks the girls were carrying.

"There is one minor downside to these costumes," explained Ace. "You three
can't sit in the seats of a car or van."

"How will we get to where we start?" asked Julie.

"I took the back seats out of the van," said Ron. "You will have to sit on the
carpet for the short ride over to your start point."

"So, are you ready?" asked Kevin.

The three girls nodded. Sara chirped, "Ready to go." Then she added, "But I'm a
little disappointed in the outfit. I've worn less than this to church."

Ace's eyes opened wide. Ron and Kevin just laughed. Judy smirked and said, "She
has."

Ace joined in the laughter and then smiled and said, "Like I said, the outfits
get a little less each night. We've got four more nights after tonight. If we
started small, you would be walking down Bourbon Street naked by Sunday night."

Sara smiled back and said, "And the problem with that is?..."

Julie gave her one of her looks of shock and disapproval and said, "Sara!"

They went out the back door of The Three Jacks and through an interior alleyway
to the slot where the van was parked. After all the girls were safely in place
in the back, Ace opened the outer doors and Kevin slowly edged the van into the
street. One of the beefy security men from the club was riding shotgun in the
front seat.

The street was full of people, but not packed full as Kevin turned toward
Rampart street and worked his way around past Canal and down a few blocks so
that he could come back up to the drop off point. "We're here," announced the
security man who then jumped out and opened the side door. "Move it, move it,
move it," he shouted as he helped the four girls out of the van.

Almost as soon as they were on the sidewalk, a security man from the Crowne
Plaza started walking their way. Once he could see that the girls were heading
down Bourbon Street, he slowed and then stopped as they began to move into the
crowd.

"Keep right," the security man instructed.
Sara wasn't sure why, since there were no clubs in this block, but then she saw
the doorman at the Hyatt pointing their way and saying something to one of
their security people. As soon as they were past that hotel, the security man
said, "Now start passing out cards."

At first, Sara started by greeting people and saying "Hi," to get their
attention, but the security man reminded her, "No talking. Just smile and hand
out the cards."

"Stupid laws," muttered Sara, but she put on her widest smile and began walking
in front of people to get their attention and then handing them one of the
cards.

After handing out ten or twelve cards, she heard a young man next to her say,
"Cool!" as the lights on her bikini began flashing. "One hit for the website,"
she thought to herself, remembering not to say anything out loud.

They were almost to Orleans street when two uniformed officers signaled them to
stop and said, "We need to see your parade permit."

Sara smiled back brightly and held out one of the cards from her deck of jacks
to the officer.

"That's not a permit," he replied tersely.

"And they are not a parade," came a familiar deep voice as Ace stepped between
the officer and the girls.

"Please do not interfere," the officer said politely.

"I am the owner of The Three Jacks," explained Ace. That wasn't completely
true, but close enough for the circumstances.

"And I am the club's legal counsel," came another voice. "Which means I am
officially representing Mr. Eastland, here, as well as these four young women.
What seems to be the difficulty, officer?"

"I need to see their parade permit," answered the officer.

"They are not parading," replied the lawyer. "Thus they do not need a permit."
He went on to quote section this and that of various laws and explained that
the three girls were merely signboard ads and Sara was merely distributing
"gratis memorabilia" from the club as allowed by the law.

"Up to three walking signs are allowed," he said in his lawyerly fashion, "as
well as one assistant to hand out memorabilia."

All the while, the second officer was speaking softly into his shoulder mic.
Evidently someone at headquarters was checking on what the lawyer had
explained. He stepped forward and whispered something to the first officer who
then said, "OK, then show us the permits for the signboard ads."

"Please turn around, girls," the lawyer said to The Three J's. In small print
at the bottom of each placard were the words, "City of New Orleans Advertizing
Permit" and then a rather long number. The officer read the numbers into his
shoulder microphone and a few moments later gave a shrug and said, "They say
you're legal. Sorry to have bothered you."

The four girls continued on down Bourbon street toward the club. As they left
they could hear the cop speaking into his radio, "The three girls with
advertising for The Three Jacks are legal and they have their lawyer walking
with them. Just assume they will follow the rules. Don't waste your time on
them unless they're doing something really stupid."

Before Ace and the lawyer faded back into the crowds, he leaned over and said
to Sara, "Like I said, you just have to know how to talk to these people. By
Tuesday night you will be able to strut down the middle of the street naked and
they will nod and let you walk by."

Sara gave him a big smile in return.

The midnight walk was a replay of the early walk except that neither the hotel
doormen nor any of the police officers paid any attention to Sara or The Three
J's. Sara handed out about 50 of the cards on that trip and her bikini and the
signs lit up about a dozen times. When they got to the club, Sara told Ace,
"That was boring. All I could do was smile. I couldn't talk to anybody or
anything."

"Let it build," he answered. "Let it build. I promise you that it will be less
and less boring each night."

"It'd better," answered Sara as she went back upstairs to get out of her
costume.

As the girls started up the steps, Ace shouted to them, "Good job by the way.
We've gotten almost a dozen reservations."

***

After the girls had changed out of their costumes, Judy and Ron went out to
check out Bourbon Street at night. Julie said that she and Kevin were staying
back in their room to talk. When Sara heard that, she suggested that before
they talked they might want to check out the store down the street that sold
flavored condoms and various types of warming or effervescent lubricants.
Julie's response was her standard, "Sara!" but Kevin smiled at her and said,
"We might just try that."

Julie turned a very deep shade of red and then said in an almost whisper "If
you want to, honey."

Joan and Sara, themselves, were going back to La Rouge. Sara had talked Joan
into letting her dance in the third set of an amateur night strippers contest.
As they walked along, Sara leaned over to Joan and said, &#8216;How do people walk
around all wrapped up like this?"

For the purpose of the contest, she was wearing a sensible skirt, bra, panties,
and even a slip. "My body is suffocating," she added.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *

All four girls slept late into the afternoon on Saturday. Ron and Kevin wanted
to go explore more of Bourbon Street in the daytime, but the girls wanted to go
shopping.&nbsp; The outcome of that discussion was obvious from the very beginning.
They ended up at the Convention Center wandering through the shops and trying
local cuisine.

Julie complained that the crawdads gave her the creeps. "It looks like you're
eating bugs," she said shaking her whole body in disgust.

"Fried grasshoppers are very tasty," Sara responded and Julie turned a rather
interesting shade of green. Then she and Judy said together, "Sara!"

It was well after six when Kevin pointed out,"We'd better get back to the club.
You girls need to get into your outfits for tonight."

When they got back, Ace had the costumes for the evening laid out in the
upstairs room of the club. The three sign boards were still there with their
leather corslets, but gone were the capes and skirts and the latex cat suits.
In their place, for The Three J's, were bikini outfits very similar to the one
which Sara had worn the night before.

Joan's exactly matched what Sara had been wearing, including the black boots.
The one exception was that in place of a large spade on the very front of the
bottom piece, there was a large club. It, too, was located so that the tail of
the club descended between Joan's legs.
Judy and Julie's costumes were also similar, but had red boots. The red heart
on Julie's front was situated so that the bottom of the heart was between her
legs. That meant that the top of the heart mimicked the top of her mound even
though nothing was really visible. Judy's diamond was similarly placed.

Sara's outfit was again a white latex bikini, except it was about half the size
of what she had worn the first night and there was no camel toe shield. The
thin latex conformed exactly to the lips of her sex as if it had been painted
on.&nbsp; The top was equally down-sized so that a good portion of Sara's breasts
were exposed on the top and side. There were no nipple shields so the latex
rubbed against her nipples causing them to swell slightly in response. Their
outlines immediately became totally visible through the thin white material.

The only thing not down-sized about Sara's outfit was the battery pack, which
continued to hang on the back strap of the bra.&nbsp; She was once again wearing
black, high-healed boots, but tonight they ended just below her knees.

All four face masks were scaled down slightly, but still covered the girl's
entire faces. The feathers which stuck out from the mask down and to the sides
alongside their eyes made it impossible to identify them.

Once again the four girls sat on the floor of the van for the short ride to
their starting point. When the van pulled to a stop, the large bouncer again
opened the side door and urged them to hurry. His voice wasn't quite as urgent
as the first night and, as expected, they were basically ignored by the doorman
and security people at the Crowne Plaza as soon as they were sure the girls
were headed on down Bourbon street.

The crowds, however, were not ignoring Sara and her more skimpy outfit. There
was soon a significant number of inebriated, young college men walking with
them. Many were asking Sara for her name or phone number. One geeky-looking,
very young college boy kept repeatedly scanning the card she had given him and
saying, "Wow" as the girl's bikini tops and bottoms lit up. Apparently he was
more impressed by the display of technology than anything Sara or The Three J's
was showing.

The crowd got thicker with people streaming up from Jackson Square as they
reached Orleans street.&nbsp; The Three J's had to hold onto the shoulder braces of
their signs to keep them from being knocked askew. People were bumping into
them and rubbing against them, sometimes not altogether accidentally.

With just a block left to the club, Sara broke her silence when one young man
reached out to squeeze her breast. "Back off frat boy," was all she said, but
she "accidentally" brushed against him with her next step. Well, actually, she
kneed him in the nuts, but either he was drunk enough or Sara hit softly enough
that he didn't cry out in pain. Instead, he just smiled and bowed as she passed
him by.

When they reached The Three Jacks, Ace followed them in the door. He bent down
slightly and asked Sara, "A little less boring?"

"A little," she answered with her best sly smile.

"We are up to 23 reservations," he answered.

***

The midnight walk Saturday was not exactly a repeat of the nine o'clock walk.
The crowd was thicker and drunker and had heard about the nearly naked chicks
carrying the signs. The website said that they would be walking again at
midnight, and those who had been on the site shared the news with their
friends.&nbsp; Many were waiting with cameras as the girls came down the street,
including a couple of news crews and at least one "Wild Women of Mardi Gras"
video team.

Sara lost track of how many men tried to reach out and touch her. She was
pleasantly surprised at how many women also wanted to stroke her body as she
passed by. As they crossed Saint Ann's, a policeman stepped up to Sara and
motioned for her to stop. All he did, however, was ask, "Are you the ladies
from The Three Jacks?"

Sara smiled and held out one of the cards to him. He took it and said in a very
official sounding voice, "OK, then. But keep it legal" Sara noticed that as
they moved past him, he quietly slipped the card into his back pocket.

It was past one when they got to the club. "Want to do a little more fun
advertizing?" asked Ace handing them a large sack of beads. "Help me throw
these down to the crowds from the balcony. You would be amazed what some
girls&#8211;or even guys will do for two bits worth of plastic."

A few minutes later, Sara, Ron, Kevin, Ace, and The Three J's minus their
shoulder signs, were standing on the balcony tossing beads to the crowd. It was
truly amazing what a college girl would do for a string of beads. Some would
just smile and say please, but most flashed their breasts even though they
already had thick necklaces of the multicolored plastic beads.

Every so often, Ace would hold up a really nice, larger necklace and entice the
crowd with it. He would wait until at least one of the girls had totally
removed her top before throwing it out to the crowd. After a while, a few of
the girls would whip off their tops as soon as they saw Ace hold up the bigger
prize.

Around three, Ace said, "Club's open all night during Mardi Gras, but I'm not.
Time to finish with a bang. Get ready to go inside so the police don't have
anything to shut down."

Sara looked at him quizzically and he explained. "We're going to push it past
legal, even for Bourbon Street, and the cops will have to ask us to stop
throwing things and go inside. But if we are already going inside, they don't
have to act and nothing gets recorded in their radio logs. No hassle with the
police, but everyone will have pictures to post on the internet with The Three
Jacks in the background.

After making sure that everyone had finished throwing their beads and was ready
to go inside, Ace held up an enormous necklace with large green, gold and
purple beads, each the size of an egg. He twirled it around on his hand several
times. At least a dozen young women were standing bare breasted looking up at
him and shouting for him to throw it. Then one young, dark-haired girl walked
into a slightly open area in the crowd and slid her dress and panties to the
ground. Then she took off her blouse and raised her hands toward Ace.

Ace taunted her for a few moments and two other girls joined her naked in the
street. Several police officers were starting to converge on the girls when Ace
threw the large necklace. It flew like a lasso and circled the arms of the
first girl. All three girls then quickly picked up their clothes and ran into
the crowd away from the approaching police officers.

One of the officers pointed his baton up at the balcony, but everyone was
already going inside so he just turned and continued on his patrol.

***

The sun was again low in the sky by the time the girls came downstairs on
Sunday. They had somehow expected things to be a little quieter on Sunday, but
if anything, it was more packed, more drunk, and more noisy..., and it was only
four o'clock in the afternoon. Ace informed them that they had dinner
reservations at one of the nearby upscale restaurants.

"It's on me," he informed them. "Well," he drawled, "it's on me and the owner
of the restaurant. I got his son out of what could have been a real mess a
while back, and he owes me. This's my way of lettin' him pay me back so he
don't have to feel beholdin'"

"This is like another country," said Judy, shaking her head.

"Always has been,"&nbsp; answered Ace. "and always will be."

After supper the girls returned to get into their costumes. "Wait a minute,"
said Julie when she picked up the small, skin tight, red bikini. We wear
whatever Sara wore last night. Our outfits keep getting smaller, too."

"Figured that out, did you?" said Judy.

That isn't what I wore," said Sara. "Mine was white with a black spade. Your's
is red with a white heart and your boots are white. Judy has red bottoms with a
white diamond, and Joan has black bottoms with a white club. Plus you have your
corslets. That's all very different from what I wore."

Julie still looked very unsure of herself as she pulled the tight bottoms up
and wiggled them in place. "But they're the same size," she whined. "And what
you have tonight is even smaller. The only thing that doesn't get smaller is
the masks."

Sara just smiled. Her bikini top was two small white triangles that barely
covered her areola. The bottoms had a small V in the front and a thong back
with only a very tiny top V above her ass cheeks. A small, black spade covered
the front V. Her boots were shiny black, high-heeled ankle boots. "Don't
worry," she said to Julie. "You will look very lovely in this tomorrow night."

Julie's only answer was a very worried face.

Ace came up around 8:30 to check on them. Sara greeted him with, "This is
definitely getting more interesting. And there are two more nights to go!"

"Yes there are, ladies," he answered. "Yes, there are, but tonight is tonight
and it is time to walk."

He led them through the interior alleyway to the van. It took several minutes
just to get the garage doors open against the crowds on the street. They slowly
made their way up to Rampart and then more quickly made the circuit which
brought them to their starting point at Canal and Bourbon Street.

Word had spread of their nightly ventures. The photographers were awaiting the
arrival of the van and began shooting pictures and capturing video as soon as
the doors opened. Sara gave a wide smile beneath her mask and held out cards
toward the cameras. The security guard gruffly reminded them, "Move it, move
it, move it," and they hurried onto Bourbon Street before the hotel people
could get too upset.

Tonight it was almost impossible to move without brushing against people. As
she moved through the crowd, Sara felt more than one hand caress her buttocks
as she squeezed past. From the occasional "Eeek," it appeared that Julie was
having the same problem, except Sara hadn't considered it to be a problem.

The lights on her mini-bikini were flashing almost continuously as people in
the crowd scanned the cards. She ran out of cards several times and Ace or one
of the security people following them quickly stepped in and handed her another
deck of jacks.

When they finally stepped into the front door of The Three Jacks, Judy hugged
Ron and said, "This is almost getting to be like work." When he looked
concerned, she added brightly, "It's exciting and I love it, but you have to
push your way through the crowd and I am using muscles that I don't usually
use."

Ron gave her a big smile and said, "I can give you a massage before your
midnight walk."

She returned his smile and pulled him toward the stairs which led up to where
they were staying. Julie gave Kevin an embarrassed smile and said, "My muscles
could use a little massaging, too." Then she pulled him toward the stairs
before Sara could make a comment.

Joan leaned over to her and asked, "How are your muscles doing?"

Sara responded, "I could use a horsey ride&#8211;that is what she called using her
Sybian, but I think I will have to settle for a cold shower."

Joan kissed her and whispered a "Neigh" in her ear and then more loudly
imitated the sounds of a horse knickering. Sara scampered for the stairs with
Joan walking slowly behind her.

***

A little after eleven, one of the security people from The Three Jacks knocked
on each of their doors and warned them that they needed to be dressed and ready
in about fifteen minutes. The four girls literally ran naked from their
bedrooms to the larger dressing room and hurriedly got into their costumes. A
few minutes after that, they were threading their way to the garage for the
trip to their starting point.

As on the night before, the crowds at midnight were larger, more drunk and
anxiously waiting for the girls to appear. A cheer rose from the crowd as the
girls scampered out of the van and headed toward Bourbon street. The continuos
flash of cameras was nearly blinding. One video crew even had a stabilized
camera on a long boom which they held above the girls as they walked. Ace's
idea to gain publicity for The Three Jacks was definitely working. The question
now was whether or not he could draw in the customers, especially to the rather
pricy one night private club.

The crowd was packed tighter than ever and the girls seemed to be going against
the flow. Julie screeched when someone dumped a full hurricane down her front.
It was apparently an accident, however, because the young man began apologizing
profusely even before the two beefy security men appeared&nbsp; suddenly on either
side of him.

The only other problem of significance was a "wardrobe malfunction" just before
Sara got to the club. The thin string holding her top together in the back
broke under the weight of the battery pack and the small triangles flapped open
exposing her nipples. One of the security men stepped forward, but after seeing
that there was nothing that could be done merely said, "Just keep walking" and
walked beside her the final half block to the club.

Kevin was waiting for them at the door, "Ace wants you girls to join him in
costume on the balcony and throw beads. Judy looked a little unsure; Julie said
"OK, Kevin, but you're coming up with us." Joan merely nodded. Sara, however
lit up like it was time for presents at Christmas. She reached down to her
almost not there bottoms and disconnected the battery pack. Then she handed the
battery back and broken top to one of the security people."Hold on to this for
me," she said as she scampered toward the steps.

A few minutes later, the crowd was roaring for the girls to throw them beads.
Sara was standing there practically naked screaming, "This is fun." and Julie
was asking Ace, "Is that legal," meaning Sara standing topless on the balcony.

"On the street, no," he answered. "From the balcony maybe, but just because we
are this close to Mardi Gras itself. Try that in the summertime and there'd be
cops busting my ass in minutes." He then turned to Joan and said, "She really
is something special isn't she?"

Joan laughed and said, "There is only one Sara." Then she smiled at Ace and
added, "and she's mine."

Ace laughed and replied, "I was only thinking in business terms, little lady...
only in business terms for publicity purposes. Things will get a little more
wild around here the next two nights and I was worried she couldn't handle it.
Now I wonder if the street can handle her." He laughed again and Joan joined
him in his laughter.

They stayed on the balcony until almost 4:00 am. Several of the girls in the
crowd had abandoned all pretense of flashing for beads and had totally removed
their tops as they stood and shouted for the people on the balcony to throw
beads to them. When Ace brought out the grand necklace with which he closed
each night, there was an immediate crowd of six or eight totally naked girls
vying for the huge plastic necklace. While most of the girls stood right under
the balcony reaching up toward ace with their hands, waiting for him to throw,
one girl stood out in the middle of the street with her hands held straight up
in the air as though she were tied to a post.

"That little girl knows that I like a challenge," laughed ace and tossed the
necklace so that it opened up into a spinning circle that dropped exactly over
the girls arms and spun around her body as it made its way to the pavement at
her feet.&nbsp; She quickly scooped it up and ran into the darkness before the
police could close in.

She could have saved herself the effort. Tonight the police were just looking
on with a glazed boredom that reflected their inner thoughts that there were
only two more nights of this shit before they could finally get a day off.

***

Monday night, Sara was still in bed when the security people knocked on the
doors and said, "Time for costumes and makeup."

"It's only 4:30" she complained.

"Your outfit is going to take a little longer tonight," the security man
answered. "They want you there at 5:00."

Sara hurriedly showered, dried her hair, and then reported to the room where
the costumes were kept. Two young black women wearing smocks were waiting for
her. One was holding what appeared to be a small pencil with a hose running
down to an air tank. Ace followed Sara into the room.

"Tonight you will be showing more... and less," he explained.&nbsp; "This is your
costume," he said as he held up two small stars and what appeared to be a
really odd hair band connected to a dildo.

"Betty Jo will show you how this works, and once it is in place Madam Tarue
will spray paint the rest of the costume on your body."

One of the girls came up to Sara and said, "Just take everything off, honey, I
will show you how to put this in place."

Sara pulled her dress up over her head. It was all that she was wearing, so she
was standing naked in front of Ace and the two women. Holding up the stars,
Betty Jo said, "These are basically pasties. They fit over your nipples. We'll
tape the wires straight back and then down to the g-clip."

"Usually a g-clip doesn't have an insert," interrupted Ace, "but we had to have
someplace to put the batteries."

Betty Jo guided the clip in place between Sara's legs and slowly pushed the
battery pack up into her vagina. On the front side of the clip, just barely
covering her clit and the upper part of her sex was a large spade. On the back,
just above the crack of her ass, was a slightly smaller spade.

"Let's test this before they paint things in place," said Ace and he scanned
one of the cards with his cell phone. Both spades as well as the pasties
flashed several times. "Looks like it's workin'" he said with a slight laugh.

"Oh," he added, "tonight there will be one difference in the light show.&nbsp; If
someone actually pays for a reservation, the spade in front will flash really
bright like you're taking a picture.&nbsp; Every time it does that you know that
someone's bought in for a night at the club. We are at over 70% and climbing. I
was hoping for at least 60%, now I'm thinking we might really sell out."

He smiled broadly and a definite twinkle appeared in his eyes as he said, "And
Sara, just to keep things interesting, there are a few other things the light
show will do, but you'll figure that out on your own." Then he left.

Madam Tarue was an artist and artists cannot be rushed in their work. She
slowly covered Sara's entire body with a harlequin patter of black and white
squares.&nbsp; In some of the white squares, there was a small black spade. In some
of the black squares there was a small white spade. The paint felt cold and
strange as Madam sprayed it up between Sara's legs.

Finally Madam said, "I am almost totally finished. Stand with you hands out
from your body and your legs apart while I make sure everything is dry. The
last thing we will do before you go is to put on you shoes." She held up a pair
of high-heeled black sandals with leather thongs that would wrap up around
Sara's legs. "That way," she added, "you will be more comfortable standing
around for the next half hour or so."

Sara looked up at the clock. It was a little past eight. It had taken three
hours to apply the makeup.

The door opened and The Three J's came in to put on their costumes. "Wait a
minute," said Julie. "Am I going to have to wear that tomorrow night?"&nbsp; She
sputtered, "I can't show that much skin..., and she doesn't even have a mask."
"There is a smaller mask that covers the eyes and the top of the face,"
explained Ace, who had come in with them. "And besides, she is actually showing
less tonight than she did last night. In any case, tonight you three are still
wearing bikinis."

"But there is no way I am going to risk ending up topless in the middle of
Bourbon Street," whined Julie rather angrily. "Even if I do agree to wear that
tiny bikini."

"You have no worries," said Ace in his most soothing voice. "We have attached
your battery packs to your sign supports so there is no danger of breaking the
bikini straps. And as you saw last night, the crowds themselves are getting
more and more daring. We have to be just a little more daring each night in
order to stand out."

"Come on Julie," said Judy, "in for a penny in for a pound, and we already are
in way past a penny."

Julie looked back and forth between Ace, Judy, and Joan and then finally gave a
big sigh and said, "OK, but I am not going to go up on the balcony and throw
beads in this. Looking up at it, it will look like I am naked."

"Oooo, I hadn't thought of that," squealed Sara. "Thanks for telling me,
Julie."

Julie's only response was "Sara!"

It was practically impossible to get the van out of the garage, but the
security people finally cleared enough of the street to let them pass.&nbsp; Sara
was not able to sit because of the makeup, so she was more or less standing
bent over with her hands braced against the window ledge on one side of the
van. While that protected her makeup, it did give a very interesting view
through the window for anyone on the other side of the street as they passed
by.

In a few moments they were at the drop off point and the security man who
accompanied them was yelling his standard, "Move it. Move it Move it."

The mob of photographers and video people was even larger tonight and two of
Ace's security people had to act like a snow plow to open the crowd in front of
the girls. It would have made no difference if Sara had attempted to speak
tonight because the noise of the crowd downed out all but the most intense
voices.

After about two blocks, a bright flashing light almost blinded Sara. She looked
around to see from where it was coming before she realized that it was from her
own crotch. Someone had purchased a reservation.

After three cycles, the light stopped flashing and suddenly Sara stood very
still with an odd look on her face. Now she understood Ace's mirth when he said
that there were a "few other things" that would happen when someone purchased a
reservation. The "battery pack" didn't just look like a dildo, it was a dildo
and it was vibrating madly within her. Mild electrical shocks were also
tingling her nipples.

Julie asked, "Are you alright, Sara?" and Sara replied, "I was just thinking
about how much you are going to like wearing these costumes tomorrow night."

Sara "flashed the crowd" another dozen or so times by the time they reached the
club.

During the midnight walk, her flasher only went off five or six times.

After they were back at the club, Judy, Joan and Sara joined Ace on the balcony
throwing beads. Around three, Sara stood next to Ace and said, "You know, it
might attract more crowds if my flasher went off continuously for a while."

Ace smiled at her and said. "On continuous cycle the battery will only last
about fifteen minutes."

"That's OK," she responded, "I'll probably only last about ten." Then she gave
Ace a very wicked smile.

Ace reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. A few moments later,
Sara's crotch was acting like a beacon drawing people's attention on both
Bourbon Street and Dumaine. Sara was not throwing beads, but was instead
holding tightly to the railing with both hands. Her mouth was open in an O and
she was panting.

"Sara seems to be really enjoying this," Judy said to Joan.

"Sara is Sara," was all that Joan replied.

After about fifteen minutes, Sara's flashing light stopped and Sara seemed to
slump slightly against the railing. She was now all sweaty and her body paint
was starting to run. "I think I need to go inside and wash this off," she said.

"That will take oil," Ace replied. "There are several bottles of baby oil in
the shower. Rub yourself down good with that and it will take off the paint.
Just remember to take off the g-clip and pasties first so you don't get oil in
them."

Sara gave Ace a lopsided grin and wobbled back into the club.

Soon it was once again time for Ace to throw the giant necklace that marked the
end of the night's festivities from the balcony. Word of what had been
happening the previous nights had evidently spread and college fratboys with
cells phones and professional photographers with tripods and high extenders
were gathered in the intersection awaiting the bevy of naked young women who
were hoping for the big prize.

There were about eight or ten naked young women standing out in the street.
Most of them saw what had happened the night before and were making themselves
into stakes for Ace to try to drop the necklace around.&nbsp; Ace was swirling the
necklace over his head trying to make his decision on which girl to lasso with
the loop of beads when suddenly another girl ran onto the street naked from
beneath the balcony.

This girl was glistening with oil and her wet hair hung down over her face. She
ran out into the midst of the hopeful naked posts and suddenly bent over so
that her head touched the pavement. Then, with a kick of her feet, she stood on
her head, her feet sticking straight up into the air.

Ace continued to twirl the necklace as he watched the oiled girl slowly spread
her legs front to back in a scissor kick and then open them totally wide to the
side so that her glistening cunt was visible to everyone.&nbsp; Her body seemed to
sparkle from the many flashes as photo after photo was taken of her most
obscene pose.

Ace could see that the police officers were speaking into their shoulder mics
and he made his decision. The glittering green necklace looped through the air
and landed squarely over one of Sara's outspread legs.

She immediately sprang to her feet and pulled the loop of the necklace up over
her shoulder and ran back into the club before the officers could converge on
her. A moment later she was standing in the door to the balcony with the
necklace across her shoulder, slanting down to between her legs.&nbsp; It looked
like she had won a very raunchy beauty pageant ribbon.

"Nobody could see my face," she said with a loopy grin.

"But everybody could see all the rest of you," Julie replied from inside the
room behind her. "You are unbelievable!"

"Sara, Sara, Sara..., you are unique." was all that Ace could say.
"And she's mine," murmured Joan as she took Sara back inside and to their room.

***

Tuesday night was the final night and there would be no midnight walk. At
midnight the police and fire department would clear the streets of the French
Quarter with riot shields and fire canons and Mardi Gras would be officially
over. The people inside the clubs could continue to party, but it was not a
good idea to go back out on the street until after about 2:00 am.&nbsp; By then the
cops would have cleared the crowds from the streets and people who had to be
out would stay on the sidewalks as they went back to their cars or hotels from
the clubs.

Sara and The Three J's got up around 3:00 in the afternoon and ate "breakfast"
before going out on the streets for a short while.

"Remember you have to be back here at 5:00 for makeup," reminded Ace as they
left.

"We remember.&nbsp; We'll be there," they all said as they wandered down to some of
the little shops that they wanted to at least go through while they were in
town.

True to their word they arrived back at The Three Jacks a little before five
and went directly up to the room where their costumes were kept. Ace, Betty Jo,
Madam Tarue, and two assistants were waiting for them.

"Shouldn't there be four makeup people?" Sara asked.

"I need to talk to you about that," answered Ace. "After last night, I changed
my mind about your costume, or at least most of it."

"Then what will I be wearing?" she asked.

Ace held up his left hand.&nbsp; In it was what looked like one-half of a g-clip
with a small black spade on one end of the band.&nbsp; The other end of the clip
went into what appeared to be a smaller version of the dildo Sara had been
wearing the previous night.

"And?" said Sara.

He held up his right hand. In it was a large bottle of baby oil. "Of course you
will also be wearing your mask," he said with a chuckle. "And these," he added
as he held up a pair of stick-on sandals that left her feet looking like she
was barefoot.
The dildo portion of the g-clip was an anal dildo. The small black spade had a
hinge in the middle of it which opened a soft clip on the back side that
attached to Sara's clit. "That's to ensure that the most critical part of your
anatomy remains covered," Ace explained. "It has the same bright flashes if
someone purchases, plus a few other interesting details."

Sara smiled back at him. His previous interesting details had been very
interesting indeed, as The Three J's would find out tonight during their walk.

"Could you trigger it onto continuous when we are about a block from the club?"
she asked.

"Do you know what you're askin' for?" he replied.

"Oh, I do," she answered. "And I especially want to see Julie make that final
block."

"I would say that you are the Joker in the deck," he replied, "But there is
definitely only one of you and there are two Jokers."

"Maybe I'm both of them at the same time."

"Maybe you are," Ace laughed.&nbsp; "Maybe you are."

***

The van dropped the girls off at exactly 9:00. The trip over had been a little
more difficult with The Three J's all bent over in odd poses trying not to
smudge their makeup. It was also more difficult for Kevin as he drove because
almost everyone on the sidewalk was rapidly taking flash pictures of the van as
it passed by.

When they finally arrived at the drop off point, the chaos of the streets
became even worse as crowds of students with cell phones and professional
photographers with high-end still and video equipment swarmed around the girls.
The doorman at the Crowne Plaza stared intently, but made no move to call his
security people into action. In fact, after he looked around quickly to see
that no one was watching him, he raised his own cell phone to his face and
began shooting video of Sara as she scurried toward Bourbon Street.

Once on the street, the crowd began pressing in tightly around them. It was
impossible keep everyone's hands off of the girl's bodies, but the four
security people tried their best. At one point a very drunk, very large college
student stepped in front of Sara and reached out with both hands. "With one
hand you get your boobs felt up, with the other you get your pussy rubbed. You
make the choice."

The security man who had been riding in the van with the girls appeared
suddenly between Sara and the drunk. He held out both of his hands. In one was
a large, bright orange, slip of paper. The other was gripped through a set of
brass knuckles. In a voice that would freeze hell, he said, "With one hand you
get a free drink at The Three Jacks. With the other you get a trip the
hospital. You make the choice."

It is amazing how fast some people can sober up. The student immediately said,
"Got it," and grabbed the coupon out of the bouncer's huge hand. He then faded
quickly into the crowd.

Right after they started moving again, the heart, diamond, and club on The
Three J's g-clips began flashing brightly. Sara stopped and looked at them with
a big smile on her face waiting for the vibrators to kick in. The yelp from
Julie told her when that occurred, and at the same time something bit Sara
right between the legs. Her anal insert didn't vibrate like the one in her
pussy had done the night before, but it evidently put out a tens-like pulse and
the spade clipped to her clit was a dual electrode that was delivering that
severe shock directly through her delicate bud.

Sara stood with her legs wide, vibrating slightly with the electrical shock.
The flashing and shocks repeated itself three times, then everything went
quiet&#8211;except for Sara, who raised her hands above her head and yelled out,
"Ace, I love you!"

Six more people made last minute reservations as Sara and The Three J's wound
their naked way through the crowd. When they crossed Orleans, Sara called one
of the security men over to her and asked, "You got a cell phone on you?"

When he answered yes, she said, "Call Ace and remind him that it would make a
great end to the walk if we flashed our way the last block into the club. Tell
him I definitely want him to put it on continuous like he did last night."

"You sure?" he asked.

"You betcha," she answered.

As they crossed St. Ann's street, all of the crotch emblems lit up with bright
flashes and Sara's clip began pulsing through her clit.

"Sara!" Julie shouted, struggling to maintain her walk. "You did this, didn't
you!"

Sara just smiled and kept walking.&nbsp; By the time they entered the club both
Julie and Judy were panting heavily and having a lot of difficulty walking.
Joan was very flushed, but seemed to be bearing up much better than the other
two.

"We have to go up to the second balcony tonight," Ace informed them at the
door. "With walk-ins tonight, we've got a full house on the second floor...
thanks to you girls."

When they got to the upper balcony, the heart on Julie and the diamond on Judy
were still flashing brightly. They had not removed the large jacks that were
flashing above their heads. Both leaned against the iron railings breathing
heavily and, driven by the throbbing inserts, were thrusting their pelvises
against the air. Joan was a bit pale, but seemed to be riding out the
vibrations.

Ron and Kevin stepped behind Julie and Judy and the girls cried out, "Get these
things out of us."

"Lean over," Ron instructed and both girls gripped the balcony rail and leaned
over as far as they could exposing their stuffed pussies to the boys.&nbsp; Both Ron
and Kevin reached forward and slowly pulled the g-clips from between the girls
legs. They were surprised to find the vibrating..., and glistening dildos
attached to the g-clips.

"Take me," said Judy. Ron looked at her a bit confused at first, but then she
said "Now!" and Ron lowered his zipper and stepped between her legs. Kevin
looked over at Julie, who blushed greatly, but nodded her head rapidly. Soon
both boys were ramming themselves deeply into the girls gushing cunts.

Meanwhile, Sara and Joan cycled between kissing deeply and taking a break from
the kiss to throw more beads to the street below.

"I think I will throw the big prize a little early tonight and then let you
kids go off and enjoy yourself," said Ace. He began twirling the giant necklace
over his head and about a dozen girls on the streets below started stripping.
One, who had evidently been there the night before, immediately stood on her
head and began scissoring her legs.

"I don't see anything new and unusual tonight," Ace yelled down to the crowd.

Another girl started into what appeared to be a headstand, but instead stayed
up on her hands and hand walked over so that she was front to front against one
of the girls who remained standing. The standing girl grabbed the upside down
girl around the legs and pulled her upward so that her face was even with the
upside down girl's cunt.&nbsp; She then wrapped her arms securely around the girl's
waist and buried her face between the her legs. The upside down girl was now
holding tight around the standing girl's waist and also had her face buried in
her cunt.

"Now that is something you don't see every day," Sara yelled at him, and after
a few more circles in the air above his arm, Ace let the necklace fly. The red
necklace spun through the air and looped around the legs of the upside down
girl. It continued to spin in a circle around both of them as it made its way
to the ground. The two girls did not seem to notice, however, and remained
locked in their strange embrace until one of the female officers tapped the
upright girl on the shoulder and told her brusquely, "Time to move along."

Only then did they break their embrace, slide the one girl back to the ground,
pick up their hard-won necklace, and walk on up the street hand in hand. One of
the other girls hoping for the necklace picked up a pile of discarded clothing
and yelled after them, "Hey! You forgot your... ... oh, never mind," then she
too walked off down the street naked.

"I think its time for us to move along, too," said Joan as she pulled Sara
close. "Ace gave me the code for your clip and its got about another hours
worth of battery in it."

"Then what are we waiting for?" asked Sara as she pulled Joan toward their
room.

***

Saturday morning The Three J's and an S sat at the Louis Armstrong Airport
waiting for their flight home. It had, of course, been delayed due to weather
and they were passing the time discussing their adventures at Mardi Gras.

"What totally surprised me," said Judy, "was how normal the rest of New Orleans
is. I mean, you get out of the French Quarter and it is just another city with
shops and factories and malls and horrible traffic and all of that."

"What surprised me," said Julie, "was how rapidly the French Quarter got back
to business. I always thought that Mardi Gras was this giant party that erupted
once a year, but its party time down there every night. It just gets bigger and
wilder at Mardi Gras." She took a deep breath and fanned herself artificially
with one hand. "... a lot bigger, and a whole lot wilder."

"And that's about the wildest you have ever gotten in public," chided Joan. "I
couldn't believe it when you and Kevin did it right there on the balcony in
front of hundreds of people."
Julie's face reddened considerably and she said, "Nobody knew it was me, and
you couldn't really see what we were doing. Nothing showed from the front."

"But you were two stories in the air," piped up Sara. "People weren't looking
from the front. They were looking from below, and believe me, they could see
everything!"

Julie looked at her in total shock.

"And they could see Kevin, so eventually somebody is going to figure out who
you are."

Julie gasped in shock and started to almost hyperventilate.

This time it was Judy who said, "Sara!" Then she turned to Julie and said,
"Don't you remember? Ron and Kevin were always wearing masks when we went out
on the balcony.&nbsp; Ace insisted on it. He said if his was the only face visible,
they would have to identify him in any stories that came up in the newspapers."

Julie calmed down slightly and then turned to the giggling Sara and gave an
especially frustrated, "Sara!"

Sara started to say something else when Joan tapped her on the shoulder and
pointed to the television. There was some sort of boring "New Orleans Week in
Review" show playing and the girls had been ignoring it, but the image now on
the screen was of Sara in all her oiled glory and The Three J's in their skimpy
g-clips and pasties winding their way through the crowds that final night of
Mardi Gras.

The announcer was saying, "And the big mystery of the week is: Who was &#8216;The Ace
of Bourbon Street?' ACE Eastman, the Fourth, son of the owner of The Three
Jacks, came up with what has to be one of the best advertising campaigns we
have seen in many years as he had his &#8216;Three Jacks and an Ace' parade down
Bourbon street twice each night during the final week of Mardi Gras."

"Oooh, he used the P word. Ace isn't going to like that." said Joan.

Images of the girls from each of the nights sequenced on the screen as the
announcer continued, "The private club that Ace opened for one night skated
through a loophole in the law, and so did his advertising campaign. Police
Superintendent Serpas said, &#8216;A lot goes on down in the quarter at Mardi Gras
that borders on illegal. This stood right on the fence, but it was still legal
and we had to let it go.'"

The image on the screen then switched to in front of the club. Sara could be
seen dashing out of the front door glistening and totally naked and then doing
her headstand in the middle of the street. A black square censored out her
genitals, but her breasts were clearly visible. The announcer said, "Even in
this now-viral video of what everyone believes to be &#8216;The Ace of Bourbon
Street,' her face is never visible&#8211;even though that is the only part of her
body that is not fully on display.

The TV then cut to a talking head shot as the announcer finished up with
"Although their pictures will be circulating on the internet for a long, long
time, it appears that we will never know who these four young women were. One
of the technicians here at the studio has even used facial and body recognition
software to compare them to everything from local mug shots to security footage
at the airport to the yearbooks at the school that Ace the fourth attends. But
despite all that, we are still unable to identify any of them. So to our
mystery women of Mardi Gras whoever you are, "Good bye and PLEASE come back
next year."

Sara fingered the large beaded necklace she was wearing and said to Joan,
"Maybe we should do that, and perhaps start with smaller costumes on the first
night."

Julie responded with a "Sara!" that was almost loud enough to drown out the
speakers as their flight was called.

Judy, however, heard the announcement and said, "That's us!"

So, The Three J's and an S moved toward the gate to board the flight home.
Their adventure at Mardi Gras was over... for this year.

***

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
END OF STORY
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Technician


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





