BDSM Library - Raised in a Female supremacist household




Raised in a Female supremacist household
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Mistress Jennifer talks about her life experience in a Femdom home, the first time she was put in charge of the males, and how she liked whipping them so hard.






100314





RAISED IN A FEMALE SUPREMACIST HOUSEHOLD 



Story by R Black





My name is Jennifer. I'm sexy, beautiful, in good shape, and at home, I'm the overseer of my mother.



I was raised in a Female supremacist household, which meant that my father and my two brothers were trained to be my slaves.



And my mother's, of course.



When I felt I had spent enough time watching Mom monitoring the slaves' work, she told me I would soon be allowed me to supervise at her side. She is so good at doing this, and it looked like so much fun. I liked the way she induced this fear in my dad and my brothers' eyes. I laughed at lot just being with her.



However, the day I came of age, she put me in charge on my own. No need to say how nervous I was. The males seemed surprised by this unexpected announcement. they didn't express anything, as usual, but I think they were worried I might not been up to the task due to my young age. "She's a Woman now," Mom said, and that's all that was needed to put them in line. 



Before I started, she advised me to wear thick clothing while in case I'd get a rebound from my own whip. I put on one of my leather jacket, a pair of leather pants, gloves, and knee-high Gothic-style boots. 



I looked at myself in the mirror of my bedroom, all dressed in black, and I felt sexually aroused by all this leather. I felt so sexy, so powerful, but I knew deep down inside I was still just a novice, so I was worried sick inside myself.



The slaves were kept naked, of course, except for their collars, shackles and chastity belts as usual. they didn't have any protection from my whip at all. 



Then, she let me assign a task to each slave. I had paulie cleaning the bathroom starting with a bare-hand polishing of the toilet bowl. I sent dad to polish the silver in the living room and had vincent clean up the kitchen floor on his hands and knees. Like Mom always did once they're all in position to start working, I cracked my whip in the air to announce the beginning of the day's chores. 



My father and brothers immediately began to toil on my behalf. Mom left to her room with a good book, leaving me on my own with three slaves, all older and physically much stronger than me. 



The first ten minutes that followed were the worst for me. I was worried to be either too hard (or worse) - too soft on them. I was walking around them, whip in hand, checking their progress when vincent accidentally dropped some water off his bucket. he knew he had made a mistake and was already sponging the (rather small) excess of water. 



I came from behind him and gave him a good kick in the ribs with my booted foot. he crubed on himself in pain and gasped for air. Then, I raised my whip and hit him three times on his back side.

"Look what you did, you stupid asshole! Didn't you know I'd be watching you?"



I didn't yell at him, I just told him, but sternly enough for him to understand I wouldn't let him get away with anything. 



As he started to get his breath back, I stood close to him and ordered him to apologize.



My brother bowed down to me and asked forgiveness. I accepted his apology and sent him back to work with a good kick in the ass. 

"Fine!", I said. 

Mom discreetly showed up in the corridor and smiled. We both restrained ourselves from laughing out loud in front of the slaves but it was very funny nonetheless. I discreetly showed her vincent's marks appearing on his back and she smiled at me. She gave me a little bump on the shoulder and kissed my forehead.



dad had seen what happened and I think, from the look on his face, that he was also proud of me.



Once a slave had finished his chore, I assigned him another. 

The whole thing lasted the entire afternoon and at the end, the house was spotless. Aside from a few more kicks, a derogatory comment now and then, a couple of good smacks in the back of their heads and having to raise my whip one more time on paulie (who spilled some water too after I had sunk his head in the toilet), nothing out of the ordinary happened. However, I found it to be a very good experience. It demanded a lot of attention but it was physically very easy. 



Most importantly, I was dripping in my pants.



For example, even though I was right by the fridge sometimes, I interrupted a slave from his work so I could get served a drink or such thing. I had dad lick my boots once, and I used paulie's mouth as a urinal. 



When paulie had the chance to speak to dad, I heard him say: "Her vagina was wet", and dad whispered to him: "She's just like her mother".



I acted as if I didn't hear it, but I felt complimented by what they said.



Later on, I took a fifteen minutes-long break sitting on vincent's back while I kept him cleaning the floor. 

I loved the fact that they kept calling me "Mistress" the entire time. 



I felt confident in myself and it was wonderful.



Once the job was done, I sent the slaves to the showers and ordered them to report to the kitchen to prepare us dinner. Mom joined me in my room as I put my whip back in my drawer.



"So?", she asked, curious about my first experience as slave laborer.

"Oh my! You HAVE to do this at least once in your life!", I exclaimed. It really felt great and I loved it!"

Mom was very proud of me.

"I say forget dinner! Let's lock the slaves in their cages instead! I'm taking you to your favorite restaurant for all the good work you did by cleaning the house today". 



I was thrilled for being rewarded so well.



We took the slaves in the dungeon and locked them up before heading for the restaurant.



The next day, I officially became Mom's "Overseer". She wanted me, like her, to get the best from the slaves and to enjoy myself at doing so. I pleasantly turned out to be haughtily arrogant as well. I quickly learned to love assigning them rigorous tasks and chores, especially the burdensome ones, like cleaning the floors on all-four, and forcing them to do it in a demeaning manner, say by using nothing but their toothbrushes. (I make them brush their teeth with them when their work is done!) I keep an eye on them when they works and bestowing systematized swift blows when they slow down or don't do something right. 

Mom made it clear to me that any sign of frustration or anger from any of the slaves, even if it's just giving me a dirty look must be dealt with in an expeditive kind of way. Even in doubt, she's known for giving superb bitch slaps to the slaves. She made clear to me that the reason to scourge them hard is to break down any desire for revenge from the slaves and to make sure that the next time they'll look at me again, I'll see the eyes of a battered dog, not those of a man who thinks he has the right to get mad at me.&nbsp; 



When it happens, I not only scourge them hard as well as she does, but I expect an instant apology from the slave. 



At home, it is clear which is the 'weak' gender and who's in charge.



Mom also explained that I would make mistakes and that my perceptions could have been altered by a mood swing or such thing, but that in no circumstances I was to feel guilty for inflicting&nbsp; punishment by mistake.



"To err is human, but to forgive without punishment is weakness", Mom always said in this case. "But if they really haven't done anything wrong, that it's me who's been mistaken?" She smiled and said;"Then it is better that a dozen slaves should suffer under the lash than to see the Mistress being convicted of having been at&nbsp; fault"..



She told me once that when I start whipping, I look implacable. I must admit that I like to inflict pain in a methodical kind of way, like&nbsp; any good mistress should always do. She said I tend to draw back my lips a bit, just enough to reveal my teeth, which makes me grin. It's true that I relish in my power and authority,&nbsp; that I love to hurt them with the whip, that I'm happy when I'm making them suffer. 



The whip I own is perfect ofr the job. It isn't a real bullwhip, of course, because that would cause too much damage to the slaves and I wouldn't be able to make the fun lasts, but it's the next best thing to it. It's a black leather six inches whip which end has been made to kick pretty hard on the slaves. The bruises it causes are great to look at. I wanted a whip which would reflect my personality and the moron who did it for me managed to design it to my exact specifications. 

I found out he was quite submissive to Women when he privately asked me to try it on him. he ended up under my heels alright, and as a result, I got the whip for free (which was only fair)



The way I had it made, it allows me to manoever with grace and agility and it is long enough to give a strong strike when needed. I love to hit my victims repeatedly with this well-practiced precision I have and I just can't get enough of the sound of the it makes. I take pleasure in the grace of the movements with the body and the infliction of pain. 

Whipping a slave can be really empowering. I learned how to whip the slaves from my Mother, but most of all, I wanted to develop my own style, which in my case mean that the amount of pain I would bring down on them would be greater than her's. 



I examined her technique carefully, scrutinized her every move, and studied the welts she left on the slaves' bodies. She really knew how to inflict pain without causing permanent damage on them. I also liked how she rebukes a slave when he's done something wrong, and how she uses verbal humiliation to put him back in his place. All the slaves could do was to crawl to her in submission and apologize. 



This is probably why I wanted to follow her footsteps in my own way; to control, to dominate, to rule. I wanted to have men crawling at my feet and kissing my boots too. Not only because I love men that way, but also because her work is truly admirable. 



After a short but intense period of experiments on my father and brothers (which I admit, was quite hard on them, but then again I had to learn, right?), I became an expert at beating them. 



Whatever it's with a flogger, a riding crop, a cat-o-nine tails or my favorite single-tail whip, I'm glad to say that the slaves prefer Mom's whipping to mine because she's not as hard on them as I am. The main reasons are that I tend to hit them in their most tender parts of the male body, like the sides right below the ribs, for example. A spot which Mom usually prefers to avoid.&nbsp; The other reason is for each ten hits she would give them, I'd give them fifteen. 



I secretely heard the slaves complaining about it once among themselves for me being too hard on them, and I was glad to have my hypothesis confirmed. I was proud to know that all the slaves got the message. It didn't take much time for the males to know that the Daughter was more ruthless than the Mother. I wanted to be more vindicative and unyeilding than her, so I had to be more severe in my discipline and punishment, whatever it was justified or not. 



The End



R Black

rblack_author@yahoo.ca









Raised in a Female supremacist household PART 2





I made a few friends at the Agency where I'm working and I already had a few others from school before that, but the person I love the most aside from my mom is my cousin Caroline.



Caroline also lives in a Femdom house. However, the domination she and my Aunt Anna exercises on their males is not as extreme as ours. They rule their house like true dommes, of course, but it's not the same thing. Even though Anna never consults her husband frank about anything and he's got no power over his daughter Caroline, they don't beat up on their men like Mom and I beat on my father and brothers. 



Where I live, men have no defense, no right and no say. At best, they are treated like pets, and at worse, as commodities, like whipping posts. While Anna chose her husband and son's clothes for them, we keep our men naked and collared the large majority of the time.



Aunt Anna and Caroline don't make their males crawl on the floor, spit in their food in front of them or use them as footstools like we do. Mom and I have trained them so well, it's something to be proud of. That is why my cousin is so fascinated by the lifestyle I enjoy at home. It is one of the topic we speak the most about when we're on the phone.



There are times when I can spend an hour talking with her while sitting on paulie's back and we both mock him a lot for being such a doormat. 

The thing is, Caroline got some sort of crush on my older brother paulie and she would love to treat him this way too. When she comes to visit, I let her treat him like she wants. It's something she's very fond of doing, probably because she can't treat her own father frank and brother jonathan the same way in her own home. 



The relationship she's got with her father is also different from the one I got with my dad. While they exchange kisses on the cheek or on the forehead, dad must either kiss my butt or my boots, depending on my mood, and I never kiss him back. I slap him in the face or smack him in the back of the head instead. It's all done in good-natured fun. Fun for me that is, because when I feel like making daddy cry, I know how many bitch slaps I need to bring tears to his eyes.



The way we apply discipline and punishment are not the same from her household and mine. 

I find sending a male for an hour in a corner is way too soft for him if he's done something wrong. It's obvious that a belt, a flogger or a whip will have a much better effect on a slave, both physically and mentally, than some lousy corner time. I mean, it's like waiting for the bus!&nbsp; When we want to keep a slave in one place, we put him in a cage! It will be cold, uncomfortable, and extremely boring. he will regret it and will beg us to get him out. We'll do so only if we feel like it.



I think the main difference is that Mom and I are a lot into BDSM and we have fully incorporated it in our lifestyle. However, I suspect Caroline to be a bit of a sadist like me. Obviously, she loves to hear stories about what we do with our males. I wouldn't be surprised if she tells me someday that she masturbates on what I tell her sometimes.&nbsp; 



She never hid the admiration she's got for me either, and I think she would like to dress like me more often. I must admit that after spending some time in my wardrobe, she looks much better in leather and latex than in her regular clothes.



I encouraged her to indulge herself in that matter, and I suggested her to ask her mother to cut down some of jonathan's allowance to her benefit so she can purchase the clothes she really wants to wear. She did so, and much to our surprise, Caroline's mother announced she would get three times jonathan's allowance if she'd want to.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



"Go for it!", I said. 

"But she's gonna take most of jonathan's allowance to give me more," she said, unsure of herself. 

"What's your point?", I asked her with a laugh.



When jonathan got the news, he complained, and Caroline busted his balls with her knee like I told her to do. Aunt Anna saw no objection to it and it put things in order in no time.

"they should never have any money anyway," I said to her when she told me about it. We had a lot to laugh about.



Still, I find jonathan to be quite lucky since Mom gave my brothers' complete allowances to me years ago and I didn't even have to ask for it.



I also began to encourage Caroline to be more dominant with her father as well. 



"I'm sure you could treat him the same way I treat mine," I said about the jerkoff.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *



I remember testing him once during a family reunion a few years ago. I saw the effect I had on him the moment I came out of the car in my black leather pants. We spent most of the evening outside as the weather was great to spend the night in the backyard around the campfire. frank kept ogling me most of the time, and evidently, my cheerful nature with the women, but my bossy attitude with the men had something to do with it. I made him serve me drinks and fetch me stuff all evening long. At some time, he returned from the bathroom and found me comfortably sitting in his seat. he said nothing about it. I intentionally stepped on his toes a few times during the evening and he's the one who apologized! However, I thought, any woman could have done the same kinds of things to any of these wimps. 



I went to talk privately with Anna and Caroline to see if I could push my dominance a bit further with him. 



"It's nice of you to ask, Jennifer," Aunt Anna said, "and whatever you'll do to him, it's okay," she added. I promised it would be fun to watch if she would allow me to play a trick on him. She agreed, and Caroline said she was looking forward to see what I had in mind.



The moment we got back with the others, I asked frank to serve me a beer in a glass and I made sure it sounded like an order. I waited for him to sit on one of the chair around the fire before leaving mine. Then, I approached him from behind and, while giggling, I slowly poured the full content of my drink on top of his head. My beer flowed down his head, covered his face and completely soaked his shirt. 



As expected, all the women bursted in laughter.



This kind of practical joke was something our males were used to at home, but for frank, it was the very first time, and I was really looking forward to seeing what he would say to his insolent young niece after what I had done.



At first, he was shocked, of course, and he looked like he had dumped his head into a pool. he kept his arms apart from his body, attempting to avoid touching the cold beer dripping all over him. his pants were wet too, and while he was looking at the mess,&nbsp; he turned to me only to see me, broadly smiling, pouring on him the few drops I had left in my glass. It was hilarious.



Curiously, the best part came after we finally stopped laughing out loud. Anna didn't make a big deal out of her husband's misfortune, and she ordered her him to stand along the wall so Caroline could rinse him with the oze. My cousin took an exaggerated amount of time (and pleasure) to do so. frank asked to return inside the house to change, but none of the women allowed him to. 



And to make sure it wouldn't hurt anyone's feelings, we permitted Caroline to do the same to my dad, which brought the house down once again.&nbsp; Then, it was decided that all the males would go along naked for the rest of the evening.



It was fun to see so many clothes lying around the floor while we were walking on their shirts and pants with our platform boots.



frank still had to continue his service during the evening, and once he went back inside the house to prepare some drinks for the women, I blocked his path so I could talk to him in private.



"That was quite funny what I did to you," I said with an arrogant smile. 



I didn't say a word, but looked at him with a self-assured, somewhat cocky attitude. To be honest, I was craving for quite some time for a male, either my father or an uncle like him, to try to establish a semblance of authority on me. I was thinking "come on, asshole! Show at least a tiny bit of courage for once, or are you just too submissive to say anything about what I did to you?" 

If he would dare to do so, I could have had a really good reason to take off my belt and punish his audacity. I wanted to put him back in his place for a good reason. I hoped frank would dare to reprimand his overbearing and insolent niece for once. But instead of giving me the roasting I deserved, he just stood there, speechless, and I kept waiting to see what he would say. 

he didn't respond, but I could tell how humiliated he was. I raised his chin and made fun of him.



"It was fun to drop that beer over your head in front of everybody," I said with a smile. I didn't move an inch and stood my ground. 

"you're quite an example for your daughter and son, frank," I added while I raised his chin a bit higher. 



Again, no words from him.



"you're really a pathetic loser, frank! you know that?", I told him. 

Finally, he said something.

"Yes, Mistress Jennifer!". 

"you see no objection as we'll treat your son jonathan the same way someday, huh?"

"Of course not, Mistress Jennifer!"

"What a good doggie-boy you are, frank!", I said with a smile.



Even though, he had a platter full of glasses and bottles in his hands, I made him kneel to me and made him beg me so I could let him go. I also noticed the big lump he had in his pants.



It was the first time he had called me "Mistress", and he never called me otherwise afterwards. Such a jerk, but so adorable!



So it proved one thing; that frank was as spineless as the other males were, and that there was a great potential to turn him into a really decent slave if Anna only wanted to.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * * *



"You'll learn to appreciate him a lot more when you'll have full control over him," I said, and I explained to Caroline how men are so easy to hold on leash. 

"If you got control over his dick and balls, you'll have the rest of his body to do what you want as well, including his mind". While she already knew, like all women, that men are controlled by what's between their legs, it takes a well-advised woman to enroll her male pet around her little finger.

"It's what they really want, you know," I told her, "they want to be Mommy's little boy, to be told what to do by women. they crave feminine authority. All they're looking for is a female who's not afraid to wear the pants and to pull on the reigns".



I advised her to go shopping with her father this week. 

"Go to some fetish stores and ask him what he likes the most," I advised her. Caroline quickly found out his father was into lycra and latex. 

"Have him buy you the stuff he'd like to see you into, but only if you like it as well, and don't hesitate to make him purchase some stuff of your own, whatever he likes it or not".



She came back with a pair of Gothic-style, knee-high boots and a latex corset. he also bought her (what a surprise!) a pair of leather pants!

"Don't thank him for anything," I said to her, "you're doing him a favor. he's the one who should thank you instead".

When Caroline asked her dad to shine her boots for her, she didn't have to ask him twice, and she found him in her room polishing her new boots with a shoe-shining kit he had "almost" forgotten somewhere in the garage.



"You'll find out it's much better when he's got to shine them while you're wearing them," I said. She called me one evening and told me that's what she was making him do at that very moment. While I could ask her direct questions about what they were doing, she used words and expressions in a way that he couldn't know what we were talking about. Of course, it was all about his new status at home.



"It's a great vacation spot," she would say, "very much like the way you like it".



Later on, she called me back and told me she had put one of her foot on his back while he was shining the other boot. Apparently, he looked at her with a bit of shock in his eyes, but she simply smiled at him and kept her foot where it belonged. She even gave him instructions on how to brush the tip of her boot much longer. he fell back in line, and when it was time to do the other boot, he didn't say a word when she rested her other foot on his back.



During the weeks that followed, she increased the level of her dominance with her father and brother while they complied with every demands she made. Her mother noticed some changes around the house and liked it as well.



"When are we gonna meet to your home again?", she asked me the other day, "I'd love to make your brother paulie shine my boots too". 



"he'll lick them clean for you if you like", I told her with a smile.





&nbsp; End of part 2













Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R Black


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





