BDSM Library - Sandra\'s 4 levels of punishment




Sandra\'s 4 levels of punishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Sandra goes through the levels of humiliating punishment from her father in front of her brother and a family friend.






5 levels of punishment



Sandra knew she was in trouble. The minute she received her graded paper with the "B-" in dark red ink. She knew her father would be mad.



Her father arrived home from work. She had been working hard on dinner, hoping to ease his mood. Sandra knew things were not going to go well, her father was already in a bad mood, it seems he had just lost another client.



He was in his study, going over some paperwork when she approached him. Meekly, she set her graded report on his table. He set down his whisky and looked it over.



"I'm very disappointed in you Sandra." He said. "This is a bad night for this."



"I tried my best, sir. I'm sorry." She replied, eyes on the floor.



"You understand, this is your future you're throwing away."



"I understand sir, I'm very sorry." She said.



"You don't want to end up like your mother, we just can't have that." He paused, taking a sip from the glass. "Punishment one tonight. Go change for dinner."



"Yes sir." She replied. She had anticipated this, and though it was a horrible punishment, at least it was only level 1. She just wished her younger brother, Evan, wasn't home.



Level 1

Sandra went to her room to change for her punishment as her father and brother sat down to the dinner table.



"Where's Sandra?" Evan asked his father.



"She's changing." He said, then he yelled upstairs, "Hurry up, or we'll upgrade your punishment!"



A smile passed over Evans lips as he anticipated the evening, his cock began to stiffen.



Sandra rushed downstairs. She was in the attire for her punishment. White panties and white high heels. She was having a difficult time down the stairs in the heels. She held her breasts as they bobbed, but when she entered the dining room she stood at attention. 



High heels together, long, lean legs straight, flimsy white panties snug, her firm stomach was tight, her breasts where jutting out as her hands were held behind her head, long dark hair draped around her arms. 



She stood there a moment while her father spoke. "You understand why this is happening. This is not sexual in nature. Your nudity is only an extension of your punishment. You wish to be fully clothed, which is why you are not." She had heard it many times before, and wasn't sure if she was justifying her nudity to her or to himself. 



She stood there, displaying her firm breasts to her father and brother. A pair of lacy white panties, her only cover.



"Don't worry dad, she likes it." Evan said with a wide smile as he looked upon his sister. "See, her nipples are hard. She loves this."



Sandra flushed. Her nipples were hard, and now the focus of the room.



"Shut up boy, this is not for your entertainment." He said to Evan. Then to Sandra, "Go get dinner."



Without a word she slipped into the kitchen and plated their meals. She returned momentarily and set the plates out, then took the bottle of whisky and topped her fathers glass off, hoping to win some points by anticipating his need.



They sat, ate and talked for a while. Sandra feeling her brothers' stare from across the table.



Shortly, her fathers whisky glass was empty and she got up to get the bottle. The only time she wore high heels was during her punishment and on the rare date with a boy. That being the case, she was unaccustomed to walking in the four inch heels. As she returned with the bottle, her ankle shifted under her and the bottle fell to the table. It didn't break, but the expensive whisky flooded her fathers plate.



"Goddamnit." He said, jumping from the table. "You're as worthless as your mother. Change for punishment two. Then clean this up."



She hated all of the punishments, each worse than the previous. Sandra had only been punished to level three. Her father said he had another level for her, but she hated the absolute humiliation of level three, and feared the idea of a level four. 



The punishments had begun after the divorce and she, her father and Evan moved to their new home. Sandra's mother had been fired from her job because she was caught on video breaking company policy. Sandra had seen the video online. 



It was a surprisingly clear video of her mother. She was completely nude, bent over The Executives' desk. The Executive had a handful of her hair and was pumping his cock into her mouth. Over and over, throat fucking her. The Executives' Assistant was on the other side of the desk, this dick thrusting into her from behind, his hands on her hips. Sandra watched her mothers entire body rock back and forth across table as the two men pumped into her in rhythm. 



At first the case could be made for rape. It didn't look good for The Executive and his Assistant. 



The Executive fiercely pulling her by the hair as his dick pumped between her red lips and the smile on The Assistants face as his cock was enveloped by her cunt. The Executive finally grabbed her head, pushed his cock, balls deep, into her mouth and pumped his cum directly down her throat. There was no audio, but the look on The Executives face showed he was definitely having an amazing orgasm. As The Executive slowly pulled his cock from her mouth, rivulets of his white cum dripping from her mouth, The Assistant unloaded his semen into her pussy as he continued to thrust. After The Assistant had withdrawn from her, she stood up, licked her lips clean of spunk and then lowered herself to her knees and lovingly licked the mixture of The Assistants semen and her pussy juice from his still hard shaft. She cradled his balls and slid his dick into her mouth as she cleaned him, a few hard pulls as she sucked what little cum was left from his cock.



If the video would have stopped there a rape charge could have been considered. However the video continued. After Sandra's mother licked The Assistants cock clean she stood and gave him a passionate kiss. Then as the two men began to dress and she went off screen. A moment later, she returned with a tray coffee, still fully nude. She gave the Executive a passionate kiss, then set the coffee cups down. Sandra's mother then seated herself in one of the chairs. She draped her legs over each arm rest spreading enough to show her pussy was glistening, and began taking notes on the topic of the men's conversation. She would occasionally touch her open pussy with her fingers. The video continued on for a while like this with Sandra's mother taking dictaction, spread eagle and occasionally playing with her clit. Then, at the behest of The Executive she stood and circled around the desk. She crawls under the desk and out of view as a large smile returns to The Executive and the meeting continues. 



Everything changed after the divorce. Her father had been publicly humiliated and they moved when the video came out online. That's when the punishments took a sexual turn. 





Level 2

Sandra followed her fathers instructions and proceeded to remove the white panties, punishment level two. She stood at attention, her white high heels together, breasts jutting out, hands behind head and now her shaved pussy revealed. The folds of her cunt, now on display as well, though she kept her legs together.



As usual, Evans eyes were drinking in every inch of her. From her hard nipples to the slit of her cunt.



The first few times she reached Level two, her father actually criticized her pussy grooming. She had it shaved in a landing strip for bikini season, but he said it made her look like a whore. After that, she kept it shaved and he never said anything. Either he preferred his daughter presenting herself with a smooth pussy, or he was afraid a tightly trimmed pussy was meant for the pleasure of others.



She stood a moment, presenting herself, a cool breeze sliding across her smooth pussy. Her father then released her to clean up. She removed his plate, luckily he was almost finished. He opened another bottle of whisky, not a good sign.



"You're really screwing things up here, Sandra." Her father said.



"I know, sir. I'm very sorry to disappoint you."



"Tonight is a very bad night for this." He replied.



Evan was thrilled. He was slowly stroking himself under he table as his sister went about clearing the table wearing only four inch heels. He knew that with his father in a bad mood, this could be a great show. 



Sandra finished clearing the table and was doing the dishes when the doorbell rang. Sandra froze.



She heard her brother open the door and greet someone. It sounded like Mr. David Orlando. A long time friend and associate of her fathers. 



"Oh god no, oh god no."



"Sandra, come say Hi to David." Her father said from the other room.



Sandra was silent. She stood there shaking. Her chest heaved at the thought of greeting David in only her high heels. 



David Orlando had been a friend of her father's for years. He used to watch Sandra and Evan when they were younger, take them to the pool or shopping mall when needed. He was like an uncle to her.



Her father entered the kitchen. "Get in there and greet David." He said.



"No, please no. Don't make me do that. Please. Daddy, please." She said.



"You've brought this all on yourself." He said. "I don't know why you insist on this. You're like your mother, just looking for a reason to arouse men. I just hope you can control yourself and not become the whore we all know you are inside." He took her hand and began to lead her to the living room. 



She pulled her hand from his and retreated back to the kitchen. Her high heels clattering on the tile as she covered her breasts and pussy.



"Please Daddy, no. Please don't make me go out there." The tears were streaming down her face now. She leaned defensively against the cold kitchen counter.



"How dare you disobey me." He said. "Now you get out there and show David Level Three."





Level 3

Sandra's stomach dropped, and her eyes fell to the floor as she comprehended the humiliation of what was about to happen.



"Get out there now and say hello to David, or we'll go straight to Level Four." He said.



"Yes sir." 



Evan was speaking with David but Evan overheard the conversation in the kitchen he excused himself quickly to get his homework.



David's jaw dropped when he saw the beautiful girl walk in. She was as tight and toned as he had always fantasized. He used to drive Sandra and Evan to the local swimming pool and would hang out long enough to get an eyeful of her in a bikini. Now she slowly walked towards him, her only attire, the white high heels clicking on the tile. Her breasts were heaving with rapid breath, her fidgeting hands tried to cover the smooth folds of her cunt.



He had heard of some of the punishments from her father. After a few drinks he would talk about the punishments designed to keep Sandra from becoming the slut her mother was. These stories often powered the fantasies he played out in his head while David fucked his wife.



Sandra was shaking as she clicked her heels together and came attention. Her dark hair pouring over her arms as she locked her fingers behind her head. She was breathing very heavy now, knowing that in a moment she had to go to Level Three in front of this old family friend. She was mortified at her rock-hard nipples, and watched as David's gaze went from her breasts, down her flat stomach and landed on the folds of her bald cunt.&nbsp; 



"Hello David." Sandra stuttered, her eyes on the floor.



"Hello Sandra." He replied. "I see you've been a bad girl."



"Yes sir, I've disappointed my father." She replied, tears from her cheeks dripping onto her breasts.



Her father spoke up. "This is punishment Level Two, you are about to see Level Three." He motioned to the dinner table, which Sandra had just cleared.



She slid onto the table, closed her eyes and lay back on the table. She then spread her legs as far as she could with her knees bent and heels on the table top. 



As the men watched, her pussy lips spread revealing everything to them.



Her father nonchalantly continued, "So this is Level Three. Intended to humiliate her from her natural inclinations as a whore. I think I'm losing this battle though, because even though she's aware of the nature of the punishments, she continues to break the rules. It is as if this is her natural state. To be spread open for the entertainment of others."



She laid there, spread eagle with her hands behind her head. A cool breeze danced across her exposed, pink lips. Tears ran down her cheeks as the men discussed her sex.



Her father continued, "You see how her pussy lips spread at the least inclination. Her body is obviously prepared to receive a man at any time."



Her brother, Evan, reappeared with his school backpack. He casually sat down at an end table opposite the table Sandra was on. He had marked this location as ideal for this situation. He could literally look inside his sister, while his father could not easily see him from the living room, where he usually worked or watched television.



Evans dick was rock hard and he quickly scattered a book and some papers to give the appearance he was studying. 



The two men sat in the living room, so they could see the full splendor of Sandra's spread body.



Sandra turned her head a bit and noticed that Evan was actually masturbating. He had his hard dick in his hand and was jerking it to the scene of his sisters spread pussy. Her father couldn't see him from his vantage but Sandra was sickened. She watched him for a moment, and Evan's eyes were scanning her entire body. From the tips of her four inch heels, over her long and lean legs, into the pink of her spread cunt.



She could hear him building to climax. "Oh my god, you sick bastard." She heard herself say.



"What's going on in there." Her dad said.



"Dad, come look at this." Evan said before Sandra could say anything. He tucking his dick into his pants.



Her father and David approached the table. Sandra lay motionless, breasts heaving and pink lips open before them all.



"We are trying to have a meeting." Her father said. David was taking in the view from at the end of the table, directly between her spread legs.



Evan spoke, cutting off Sandra, "Dad - Jesus, look. Her pussy is wet. She's turned on by this. What a whore."



"What?" Her father said, looking at Sandra's spread pussy.



This was the worst thing. She was actually moist. There was a tingle below her stomach, and she knew that somehow, being put on display like this was actually turning her on. The humiliation, the lack of power, the submission. For some reason she was getting turned on.



Her father looked down and saw a few drops of moisture on the table top. 



Without warning, he dipped his fingers into her cunt. 



Sandra inhaled sharply, shocked that her father had just entered her, worse though, her exhale came out as a light moan.



Her father pulled his fingers from his daughters pussy and looked at the slick wetness of Sandra on him.



"You are a little slut, aren't you." David said.



"There's one way to be sure." Her father said swirling the moisture on his fingers with his thumb. "Spread your lips for us Sandra. Show us all your little clit."



Sandra couldn't contain the hitched breathing as her tears gave way to a steady cry. "Please, Daddy. Please, don't make me do this." 



"Do it now." He replied, "Or would you prefer someone else do it?" He glanced at Evan, who was wide-eyed in the corner. "You probably would like someone, even your own brother to touch your cunt wouldn't you."



Sandra moved her hand down her quivering stomach, "No, sir." She said hesitantly, "I'll do it."



She slowly felt the soft flesh of her parted lips. Her brother, father and David were transfixed on the spectacle of this gorgeous girl spread before them. Her breasts heaved into the air as she pulled her lips apart exposing her hard clit. Now everything that made her a woman on display in the dinning room. She lay there, legs spread apart, only the heels of her high heels remained on the table top. Her wet, pink pussy lips parted by her fingers and her glistening clit revealed between the folds of her cunt.



"Yes, apparently she is a slut." Her father said. "She's just like her mother, she's intent on humiliating this family further by being a piece of fuck-meat. We need to punish this slut." As he said this he slid his fingers into open pussy again. This time a little slower, a little more precise, a little deeper.



Sandra again inhaled quickly as she felt her fathers fingers slide into her. This time there was a&nbsp; discernible moan and her back arched, pushing her hard nipples into the air.



"Jesus." Evan said.



"Yes." Her father said, as he withdrew his two wet fingers from Sandra's sex. "This will not do at all." He said, moving to the opposite side of the table, where Sandra's tears freely rolled down her face.



Her father stood there a moment, watching his fingers as he swirled his daughters pussy juice between&nbsp; fingers and thumb.



He gently lowered his wet fingers into her open mouth. Her eyes flashed open. In a moment she realized what was happening. She instinctively closed her mouth around his fingers. She didn't mean too, she just did it and at that very moment realized her mistake.



She was sucking her own pussy juice from her fathers fingers. And she was doing it while her brother, and a family friend watched her.



David reached forward, and gently rubbed her exposed clit. 



Sandra gave an audible moan at the sudden sensation, and before she knew it, her own fingers had slid below David's and entered her pussy.



The feeling was electric and she arched her back with a long whimper. Her mouth opened and her father slid in deeper. She felt his fingers glide over the roof of her mouth. She tasted her own pussy further in her throat.



"She must be punished for this whorish display. She must be taught how to act properly."





Level 4

As her whimper subsided, her father slowly pulled his fingers from his daughters mouth. David, feeling a change in Sandra's father backed from her enticing spread pussy lips. 



As the meaning of her fathers words materialized in her hazzy mind she pulled her fingers from her cunt. She looked up at her father who was standing directly above her head. 



"You have embarrassed this family for the last time. We must take action to save you from your whorish desires. You are Fuck-meat and I will not stand for it." Her father said, as he slid the belt from pants. "Give me your hands." He said.



Sandra slowly brought her hands above her head, her pussy juice still on two of her fingers.



"David, Evan, if you'll assist me with this, we'll teach this meat-hole of a daughter she must resist her urges."



"Hold her." He said. With that Evan and David each moved in and grabbed her by her bent knees. Her father reached down and held her outstretched arms above her head.



Sandra was still trying to understand what was happening when her fathers belt whipped down between her open legs. The pain was sudden and blinding. Shock waves of radiant pain exploded from her exposed cunt. Her father was actually whipping her pussy.



She instinctively tried to close her legs on the first impact, but Evan and David held them tight. As if rehearsed, they both took her by her long legs and pulled her open further, bringing her legs up towards her waist. As the wave of pain from the initial belt lash diminished Sandra could feel the inner lips of her cunt being spread as her ass was raised from the table and she was stretched open. 



The lashes continued. Evan was rock hard again and rubbing his cock through his pants with his free hand. Sure, he had made out with a few girls, even got to first base with one, but that was nothing compared to this. His sisters pussy spread apart, only a few feet from his face. Her loud whimpers and groans were a huge turn on, he loved this. Sandra's full tits jiggling with each strike as she cried and thrashed. He could see her pussy lips quiver, and the moist, pink muscles inside her spasm with each strike of the belt.



The pain between her legs had become a constant, throbbing heat. Each blow of the belt blossomed the hot radiate of pain throughout her. She thrashed about to no avail with her arms held over her head and her legs held wide open she could do nothing. 



Sandra didn't know how long the beating had continued, how long she was laying in this prone state with three sets of eyes leering at her most personal womanhood. She didn't know when she felt the change, but it was fast and involuntary. 



Another strike of the belt, now wet with her moisture. The pain between her legs erupted. She had never felt anything like it before and now waves of exhilaration and incredible pleasure mixed with all other feelings. The abject humiliation of her breasts and her pussy lips on display, the feeling of helplessness and loss of control, the waves of pain, and now this new feeling were a sensory overload.



Her orgasm was blinding. She let out a long moan of absolute, and complete pleasure. It could not be mistaken for anything else. Everything stopped. Sandra's body twitched as her moan continued. David and Evan could see the muscles in her soaking wet pussy throbbing for something to grip. Rivulets of her juice where running over her exposed asshole.



Evan couldn't contain himself any longer. His rock hard cock was in his hand and he was furiously jerking off. 



"You have revealed yourself, as the slut of your mother." Her father said, setting the belt down. "I have failed in my attempt to raise a good girl." He reached across her and and ran his fingers over her swollen, wet pussy lips. Her juice glistened on his finger as he examined it momentarily. "There is only one place for you now."



He slid his wet fingers into her mouth. This time she will fully sucked her juice from him.



Her father took her by the shoulders and rotated her ninety degrees so Sandra was laid out across the short side of the table. Her head hung off the end of the table, at eye level with her fathers crotch. She watched him pull his enormous, hard penis out.



Where once she was afraid, now she embraced her nature and was actually salivating at the notion of a cock in her mouth. 



David needed no invitation. He had fantasized about this moment for years. Sandra, at the prime of her physical development was spread eagle before him. Her pussy was wet with her natural lubrication. He pulled his hard cock out and thrust it into her. Her cunt enveloped his hard dick, it was more delicious than he could imagine. The muscles within her tensed and contracted around him as he entered her further. Her cunt was incredibly tight and hot as the head of his cock slid further into the young girl.



The feeling of David sliding into her sore cunt was shocking, painful and absolutely pleasurable all at once. As Sandra gasped a moan, her father slid his dick between her red lips.



Sandra now had two men inside of her. Her fathers dick was the largest she had ever seen and it was gently sliding into her open mouth. She had to stifle her gag reflex as the cock filled her mouth and continued down her throat. She could hear her father moan with pleasure and she instinctively tightened her lips around his meat. He was taking it slow, gentle as he slowly slid slipped his cock in and out of Sandra's throat.



David was less gentle. After the initial slow, exploratory entry into Sandra, David was now pounding her pussy with vigor. Her pussy was still throbbing with pain from the beating she had just endured. With each plunge into her, a shot of exhilaration blossomed from her sex.



She could feel the second orgasm growing inside of her. David pumping her cunt building the pain between her legs as well as the feeling of him deep inside her was unbelievable. The fact that her father was also slowly pumping his massive dick in and out of her waiting throat built on the sensation. In the back of her mind she also knew that somewhere off to the side her brother Evan, was jerking himself off to this her.



It all came together in her mind. Her depression, isolation and lack of self respect, it all evaporated. She was her mothers daughter. She was a slut, a whore, a girl who's self identity was only realized when she was being used by men. Her life was to serve and please others. Only then, in her own humiliation and depravity would she be fulfilled.



Her orgasm closed in on her.



She was whole when she was filled with men for their pleasure. This is what she was missing in her life.



Her cunt began to twitch and her pelvis was beginning to burn.



She lay on her back, the only clothing where the high heels which existed only to make her more sexually appealing. Her legs where held apart by one man as he fucked her open pussy. Another man now used her wet mouth as another fuck hole. While a third man observed and enjoyed her humiliation and deprivation.



The orgasm hit and her world exploded.



She let loose a guttural groan. Her body convulsed. Her cunt clamped around David's pumping member and he couldn't hold back any further. He griped her ankles tight and began pumping his cum deep inside her. Thrusting over and over, his fluid filled her.



Her father saw Sandra's firm, tight stomach begin to flutter and the moan from her throat vibrated his cock with a new pleasure. He let go of his restraint and pumped into her hot, wet mouth. His seed pouring into her throat. 



As he pulled and pumped his cock into her mouth she could taste the salty sweet semen, and she swallowed eagerly. She tightened her lips around his dick, one last effort of her climax to bring pleasure to his penis in her mouth.



Sandra's orgasm spread through her like electric shock. Her stomach was aching at the exertion of her thrashing. Her belly was now being filled with cum from two men simultaneously. 



She loved that David was holding her ankles so tight, she couldn't stop him if she wanted. Her father's semen was still pumping down her throat. At some point her hands had moved to her breasts and she was pulling and pinching her nipples like she'd never done before. She needed the pain, she needed the loss of control, being used for pleasure was her calling.



David and Sandra's father pulled their cocks from inside her moist holes. David released her legs and she lay on top of the table, spread open, her legs and head hanging off either side of the table. Her heavy breathing still made her breasts sway and dribbles of semen trickled from her reddened cunt and across her ruby red lipstick. Her hands remained on her breasts, gently stroking and twisting her nipples.



Her father spoke, "Well now," he said, running his hand across her cheek.



She looked up at him with a mix of pride and mortification. She knew she had done a good job, she had pleased her father and his friend.



He looked down at her, her eyes were wide with expectation and she involuntarily licked her lips of his white cum.



"You did well, Sandra." he said. "Now clean up this mess." He gestured to the side of the table.



Sandra lifted her head and looked over to see Evan had unloaded his own cum all over the table. He stood there, in shock, with is cock still in his hand.



Without a word she flipped onto her stomach and rotated herself on the table. Sandra slid forward on all fours. Arching her back she raised her ass high and feet into the air as she lowered her lips to the pool of sperm. Sandra tasted the sticky fluid as she sucked it from the table. 



"Look him in the eyes." Her father said.



She looked up at her brother and met his eyes as her tongue licked up his spilled juice from the tabletop. 

This boy she'd spent her life with, who she used to babysit and play with was now watching her lick his&nbsp; cum up like a spilled milk. His semen tasted like man.



Evan still stood there, cock in hand, unmoving as he watched his sister eagerly lick up his spent load from the table.



She took a moment and ran her tongue across the table, to be sure and get it all. Then she moved herself forward, her breasts sliding flat across the table and she wrapped her lips around the head Evans dick. She looked up at him and his eyes were bulging at the site. She sucked a few more drops of seed from his still hard cock. The juice swirled around her mouth a moment before sliding down her throat.



Once her brothers' cock had been sucked dry Sandra eased herself off the table.



She stood there, naked and glistening before the three of them. A thin film of her fathers sperm glazed her lips as a mix of David's and her own juice trickled down her thigh. She was sweating nervous, her nipples ached from being so hard so long. 



She stood there, heels together, breasts out and hands behind her head. Not sure what to think or do.



"Well now," Her father said, looking her over, "I know how we're going to win back my clients."





---------------

This is my first story, if you like it please let me know. It's taken a long time to finish and feedback would be appreciated.



Thanks,

sandy deigner

deigner@gmx.com



















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sandy deigner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





