BDSM Library - Kidnapped, Circumcised and Chaste




Kidnapped, Circumcised and Chaste
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Boy is kidnapped and forced into a chastity belt aftering being circumcised








Kidnapped, Circumcised and Chaste





Adam is a straight, twenty nine year old slim, toned and successful man who enjoys a luxury lifestyle after working for 7 years for an extremely wealthy solicitors firm. He enjoys nightclubs, partying and drinking and has little responsibilities.

Adam was walking home from work like any other day. When he was just about to turn into his home street, a white van pulled up beside him. Two masked men jumped out and grabbed him, covering his mouth so he couldn't scream. After being shoved into the van, the door slammed shut as the men started to undress him. Naked, confused and scared he tried to scream for help. Quickly one of the men put Adams socks into his mouth and tapes his mouth shut to silence him.

Still moaning and struggling to escape, the van started to drive while the two men fought to tie Adams hands to the prepared shackles attached to the van's floor. The drive took just over an hour, and as there was no windows in the back of the van, Adam had no idea where he was being taken or why. He was hoping this was all part of a practical joke that had gone too far, or that there was a rational explanation for all this.

Eventually the van stopped and the men opened the door. Adam quickly looked out of the van to see what looked like a farm house and a forest. He was left there for ten minutes when he heard some footsteps come from around the corner.

"It's nice to see you again." said a tall brown haired women in her late twenties. "No don't speak, I know you're a bit tied up a the moment" she said laughing. Adam know who this girl was. They used to date for a few years, until Adam cheated on her with a girl in his office. When she found out she broke up with him and seemed to take it quite well, or so he thought.

The girl nodded to the masked men, who forced a pillow case over his head and untied him. He was then made to walk for ten minutes, naked, until he reached what felt like a staircase. He followed the men down the staircase, where he was sat on a bench. His hands where chained up behind his back to a hook in the bench and the pillow case was removed.

Still gagged, Adam looked around the dark cellar he had been brought to. The room was empty except for a door that resembled that of an old fashioned bank vault's. Adam moaned to try and get the attention of the masked men, but they would not respond. After another few minutes, the girl arrived again, wearing only her underwear. Adam started to get an erection, which amused the girl.

"Oh, there's really no point in getting excited. You'll never be getting some of this again." she chuckled. "I just wanted to say my final goodbye, before I leave you in the hands of my lovely men. You see, for two years I stayed by your side, despite your inability to bring me to orgasm, or spend more than a few minutes pleasuring me. It was always about you, but now I want to get my revenge."

Adam's erection was extremely stiff and he was slowly getting frustrated by the girls teasing advances. "I hope you enjoy the next stage of your life, and maybe you'll learn something from it." said the girl, while removing her bra, playing with her breasts then leaving him with the masked men.

"Look Sir, our boy's got excited already." exclaimed one of the men, while pointing to Adam's cock. The other laughed and started to remove his pants. He revealed a long uncut cock which he began to stroke while Adam watched. Quickly, Adam became flaccid at the sight of the semi-naked guy.

"Looks like our boy doesn't like the sight of cock" said one of the men amusingly. Adam squirmed and tried to break free of his restraints. He moaned and tried to utter out a plea for help, but his socks stuffed in his mouth prevented any words getting out. "I'm sure we'll get him hard again soon" said the other guy, while he set a briefcase on the floor in front of him.

As one of the masked men reached out to Adam to stroke his cock, Adam flung his feet into the air, kicking one of the men in the face. Quickly, the other man reached into his briefcase and brought out another set of chains. He proceeded to tie Adam's feet to another bolt in the floor preventing him from making any more rash movements.

"Damn" said the injured man, "You'll regret that". The man reached into his briefcase and pulled some lube and a set of wires. He began to massage the lube into Adam's flaccid cock, in a failed attempt to make him erect. After several minutes of trying to get Adam hard, they both responded "time to bring out the big screen". After some preparation, a video of Adam having sex with the girl he cheated with appeared on a widescreen TV infront of him. Within minutes Adam had an uncontrollable erection which pleased the masked men.

One of the men continued to rub the lube into Adam's penis while he moaned and struggled in pleasure and pain. As he got close to orgasm the men would stop and squeeze his ball bag until he screamed out in pain. This happened for almost thirty times, each time getting closer to orgasm but still being denied. After the last attempt, one of the masked men slide his penis over Adam's face, wiping some precum onto his cheek. This made Adam's cock shrink up extremely small at his obvious lack of attraction to the male body.

"Okay time for us to leave" spoke one of the men while the other reached into the briefcase to reveal a metal belt with a steel tube attached. The man wrapped the belt around Adam's waist as he avoided his attempts to struggle. Adam's flaccid cock was then pushed into the steel tube where it was locked into place, before the key was removed, put into the briefcase.

"Now, this is a little gift from Kelly to you." said the man as he picked up a metal collar with a flashing green light. He attached it around Adam's balls and continued. "Now, this is connected to the remote control I am handing. I am going to untie you so you can walk about and stretch your legs. But when we come back if you try to attack us or refuse to do anything we say, this will happen". The man pushed one of the buttons on his remote that delivered a shocking scream to Adam.

Adam screamed in pain and pulled against his chains, trying to protect his vulnerable balls. "So no funny business, understood?" asked the man, as Adam quickly nodded in agreement.

The men then untied Adam, picked up the briefcase and then left the room, slamming the vault door shut behind them, leaving Adam alone in the poorly lit room. Adam quickly scouted the room, looking for a window, door or any means of escape. All he could see was a table with bread and water, and four security camera's, one in each corner of the room, and a second small door, that was locked.

Adam reached for the gag in his mouth and freed his tongue, before letting out a loud scream. "Kelly you bitch!" he exclaimed.

The Next Day
After what must have been a day, three men opened the door with one waving the remote control. Adam scream "please don't shock me" while another man commanded "sit down boy".

"Now we have a busy day ahead of us" said one of the men holding the briefcase from the previous day, "Follow us". Adam followed the men to the locked door, which was opened before he was lead through.

In the room was what looked like an operating theatre. There was a bed with four straps, a bench of needles and the room was brightly lit. "Lie on the table" said one of the men. "No was man" screamed Adam and he ran back into the dark cellar. Quickly he fell to his knees in screaming pain, as the shock was administered to his electric collar. The men grabbed him and brought him into the operating room, where he was strapped onto the bed. Each foot was strapped to the bottom, and head hand to the top. A large belt was then placed around his waste preventing him from moving at all.

"What are you going to do? Please don't chop off my dick. I'm sorry I cheated. Tell Kelly I'm...." said Adam before he was interrupted. "You're not losing your dick" explained one of the men. "Well not all of it anyway" said another as he chucked.

Adam tried to squirm out of the operating chair, but it was no use. He could not move. Soon, Adam's chastity belt was removed and a local anaesthetic was injected into his cock. One of the men then gave the unlocked cock a good clean inside and outside of the foreskin. "Please don't do this" begged Adam, but he was soon silenced as the remote was revealed but not pressed.

Soon one of the men took a scalpel from the table and began to pull back his foreskin as far as it would go. The man was extremely careful and delicate while he gently removed the foreskin from Adam's cock. After the procedure was done and Adam's raw dick was cleaned again, he looked down to see his one beautiful uncut dick had now been tightly cut and his sensitive head was revealed on show without protection.

The man then replaced his scalpel for a piercing tool, where two holes where pierced into his cock head. Two solid steal hoops where then attached and locked into place, which would eventually added for some nice decoration, although its practical uses would be revealed soon.

"Now, you cock is going to be quite sensitive for the next month so I doubt you'll be jerking off anytime soon. Here is some cream that will help with the pain once the anaesthetic wears off. We're keeping the electric collar around your balls" said one of the men, while leading Adam back into the cellar.

Soon, Adam was left alone in what had now become his new home. He noticed a letter on the bench which is picked up and read.

"Dear Adam,

After two years of unsatisfying and selfish sex form you, I have decided to teach you some better behaviours. For years I went down on your cock that you refused to wash. I did anything you asked, only for you to cheat on my with that bitch from your work.

I hope you learn you lesson,

Kelly"

Adam cried as he looked down at his dick. He appreciated the tidy job the men did of cutting the foreskin off his cock, but he was sad about being forced into his new look. He had been cut very close to his cock head, leaving no foreskin available for masturbation and his glans were starting to become dry. After a few hours the anaesthetic started to wear off, and he could start to feel the sensitivity and pain in his cock. It wasn't unbearable but shortly when the TV started to play the sex video again he became aroused which caused a great amount of pain.

The next month
Over the next few weeks, Adam struggled of boredom and frustration. He was unable to jerk off, despite the video of him having sex with his co-worker being played every day on the TV.

The masked men would come in every day and check on his progress, while providing new food and drinks. They would comment on how the hoops and cut foreskin are healing nicely before leaving Adam back on his own.

Eventually after 5 weeks, Adam was so frustrated from not having an orgasm that he decided to risk the pain and jerk himself off after watching the sex video for the 40th time. However, after a few minutes, before he was able to cum, a shock was delivered to the collar around his balls, bringing him to his knees. Soon a man unlocked the cellar door and entered holding his briefcase.

"Well, it looks like you're ready for the final stage of your ordeal." said the man, while Adam whimpered on the floor. "You'll be glad to know we're going to let you go soon. Sit on the bench".

Adam did as he was told, while the man opened his briefcase to reveal a different and more sophisticated belt than before. The tube on this belt was shorter and split into two. It also had small slits in the tip. He could also notice some very small spikes along the inside of the tube. The rest of the tube was solid steel which linked into the belt. This belt was padded, however you could see in the middle there was another thick sheet of stainless steel.

"Now are you going to struggle? You know what will happen" said the man as Adam reluctantly agreed. The man tied the belt around Adam's waist and adjusted it for a snug fit. Adam's cut cock was then placed on one half of the tube, while the hooks in his head were locked in with pins to the tip of the tube. The second half of the tube was then locked onto the other side of his dick and then locked into place with a bolt, that locked onto the belt.

Everything clicked into place and a padlock was looped through the penis tube bolt and waist belt. "Now since you're cock has had it's foreskin removed, cleaning should be much easier. Simple point the shower head through the slits and you will get clean. Also the hoops will hold your cock in place, so there's no point trying to pull you cock out." explained the man.

Adam tried to speak to ask a question, but was interrupted as the man explained "No questions, I'm sure you'll work everything out in your own time". The man then put a bag over Adam's head and lead him back into the van. He was then dressed and driven back to the same place he was picked up from. The bag was removed from his head as he was pushed out of the van, left to stagger back to his house a few minutes away.

Home at last
Would you like to hear about what happens next?









Review This Story
 || Email Author:     Klapperz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





