BDSM Library - I want you to hang me




I want you to hang me
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A woman gives up control of her hanging fantasy






I want you to hang me.

by John Fitzbe

+++++++++++++++

f/f&nbsp;&nbsp; torture, hanging, snuff ?

====================



I want you to hang me.



And then what? I go to prison for killing you?



I've worked it all out, Let me show you.



Stand here, Good, now the noose goes over the head.



Wait a momment, why are you putting the noose over my head?



So you can see how it works. Now look up, See the pully.

It's self locking. That means when you pull on the rope like this,

Watch! eyes up , look at the pully, see how the rope slides over and locks in place. 

Now you're on your tip toes and I don't have to keep pulling on the rope.



Cough, cough, please let me down, please!



I will, But look see how when I pull on the rope again, 

you go up a bit and the rope comes out of the lock. 

I Pull on the rope and lift you up just a tad more 

and the rope is released from the lock. 

I let go of the rope and down you come.

easy as pie.

Oh, here let me help you with that noose.



I got it!, I can get my neck out of the noose just fine, by my self.

Hanging is your fantasy not mine.



Okay, I'm sorry I strung you up, But now you can take revenge on me and string me up.

I just wanted to make sure you understood how it works.

So this is the plan. I've got 4 camcorders set up to record the entire session.

They are up and running now. They have already recorded your little noose dance.

They have 8 hours of recording space. and you don't have to mess with them at all.

To start I'll strip naked for the camera, you can do like wise if you like.

Then you will tie my hands behind by back and then tie my ankels together followed by my knees.

Then before you slip the noose around my neck. you will put this 2 lb. exercise weight in my hands.



What's the purpose of that?



As I'm hanging, I'll black out, causing me to drop the weight,

I'll black out in less than 2 minutes.

When the weight falls&nbsp; 

that will be your cue to unlock the rope and lower me back down.

Any questions?



You'll black out? You won't choke?



there might be some choking, but I'll pass out because the noose

will cut off the blood flow to my brain.



Why didn't I black out?



Because the noose didn't tighten all that much,

becuase you never left the ground, You had toes for support.



I wonder what it feels like to black out like that?



You know what it feels like when your arms fall asleep?

Like a thousand needles pricking your arm all at once.

It's like that only it's your brain that feels the needles.



And how do you know that?



I've done some experiments, this is not my first hanging.

any thing else?



No questions, But a stipulation. 

Once you let me tie your hands, this becomes my fantasy

and you become my victim. As your executioner I will run this senario

as I see fit. for my enjoyment not yours.



What are you talking about.



I'm talking about your execution. Once you allow me to bind your hands

you become mine to do with as I please. Ultimatly, I will hang you.

But not untill I've had my fun. Do you agree?



No, I don't think so.&nbsp; You'll follow the senario I've laid out.



In that case, I don't want to play.

Have a good time&nbsp; You'll have to hang yourself.

Good luck with that, I'm out of here.



...



Wait! don't leave. I need you to let me down.



Let me tie your hands and I'll never let you down.



Cute word play.

which way did you mean that.



That remains to be seen, you will just have to take a chance and trust me.



I do trust you. Thats why I asked you here.

Oh my gosh. I'm looking at that noose. And the notion of turning

my fantasy over to you.

I am so horny. okay, I'll do it.



Do what?



I'll let you tie my hands, I'll be your willing victim. your property.



Good. I like getting my way.

shall we begin?

Now I believe you're to be naked for this fantasy.

But first, I want you to put the noose around your neck.

Now tighten it down, don't strangle yourself.

Take the loose end of the rope and stretch yourself, 

that's it up on your toes.

Now we need some music to strip by.

Here's a good title, "Stay'in Alive" by the Bee Gees.

That's it,&nbsp; find the groove.

Now take your blouse off. follow that with your skirt.

Thong or no thong? Lose it.

Play with yourself. That's it, Finger bang! Baby!

Before I tie your hands, the bra must come off.

Quick the song is ending. 

That was the most unerotic removal of a bra I've ever seen.



The noose... Too tight.



I suppose a noose is a handy cap for a stripper.

You got yourself up on your tip toes, why don't you let yourself down.

Can't unlock the rope, Aw. Here let me help you.

First I lift you up off the ground.

Oh look at your feet, they are kicking nicely.

Now I let you down.

It's decision time.

Put you hands behind your back so I can bind them



Give me a moment, please.

What are you doing?



Giving you a moment. I'm tieing your ankles and knees

while you make up your mind. Then I'm going to give you a crotch rope, 

followed by breast bondage.

My but your wet. And if your this excited now, think of the orgasim

you'll have when you actully hang.

Oh thank you, now tell me what it means now that I'm tieing your hands.



I'm yours, all yours, to do to, what ever you wish.



These breasts, they belong to me now?

Yes Mistress.



Don't call me Mistress, call me Executioner.



yes executioner



These breasts, lets watch them swell up and turn purple

as I wrap the ropes around them.

I want you up on your toes again while I go to my car and get my toys.



Don't leave me like this, It's starting to choke me.



I'm just going to my car.

See I'm back already.

Oh my! your face is as purple as yout tits!

I better lower you for a bit, so you can regain your composure.

So tell me are these tits numb or tender?



Both executioner



I better untie them then as I want them to be tender.

Very tender.



What do you have there executioner?



Skewers.

I'm going to puncture your tits with them.



What?! No, No , please executioner. No.



Are you not mine ? To do to as I please?

This will prove that point.



No. I'm not yours, let me go, we're done here.



Ah, but your hands are still tied.

And these tits are mine.



No! Ahhhhhh.

you witch. Oh Oh OH!

Ahhhhh!



Now for the other one, and then will get on with your execution.



Ohhh. Ahhh, stop pleases ahhh. ahhh.



I'm done with your, I mean my tits.

Are you still wet? I am, Owning you, skewering your tits.

It's all so arousing and now I'm going to hang you.

I'm going to play with myself and watch as your life fades away.

I'm glad you have arranged for th video cameras.

I can watch your death over and over.



You can't really kill me.



A short while ago, you would have said I couldn't

really puncture your tits.



There are details you haven't prepared for.

disposal of my body, police interagtions.



True, but I'm clever, If I have to, I can find a place to hide your body.

And I don't think the police will give much thought to me as 

a suspect. their interagation will be a couple of questions. When was the last time I saw you?

What kind of mood were you in?

That's about it. 

Aww. don't cry. That's not apart of you fantasy is it?

I know what you're missing.

You want to be molested. 

A big vibrator on your clit, bringing you to orgasim.

I can give you five minutes with a vibrator.



I don't care.

If your going to kill me, kill me.



Very well, let me get a chair here so I can watch you dangle in comfort.

while I stimulate myself. I think it's only right that one of us has an orgasim while you die.

Any last words? No?

Up you go.

Here hold this weight as long as you can.

I think I'll need five minutes to get off.

Try and hold on for five minutes, for me...

Your executioner.



fin

















 















 

&nbsp; 











Review This Story
 || Email Author:   john fitzbe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





