BDSM Library - Story of my self torture




Story of my self torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:      I\'m a female that loves to torture my breasts and my vagina for sexual pleasure. Using the most outrageous things like electrical tens units and insects






Story of myself torture.


-My name is Debbie and I'm a 49-year-old white divorcee. I am 5 foot 7, 148 pounds, I have green eyes, shoulder length brown hair. My measurements for those who want to know is 38C -29- 38. I used to trim my pubic hair but now I shave completely clean.

I've had a few male friends in the past but they were just like my ex-husband and could not understand my sexuality. You see I'm a masochist. Yes, I love inflicting pain on myself or have others inflicted for me. I've always been like this since a young girl. When I would tell most men that I like to be spanked, whipped on both my breasts and my pussy they would think I'm nuts and run for the hills. My husband tried but couldn't bring himself to beat me like I wanted. I like my breasts hurt and my pussy to hurt.

So that brings me to one of my fantasies that I indeed carried out on myself. I had read on some S&amp;M sites about to torture and cunt torture and was amazed at all the different variations that you could torture a few male tit or cunt. I was really surprised that I came along a site that showed a woman sitting naked on a ant hill. She let those ants crawl all over her cunt as she squirmed from the tiny bites that they were given her. I just about came looking at that short video and wished that it was me on at anthill.

I came up with what I thought was an ingenious way to really self torture my clit and deep in my cunt. To give me the ultimate pain. I gathered a 1-1/2vacuum tube and cut it about 8 inches long. I got tape in taped 2 small rubber ties with hooks on the end to both sides of the two close to the and that was cut. I then set up a weight lifting&nbsp; bench and raised where you put the barbell on its holder to its highest setting I fastened ankle cuffs on each side to except my legs and secure them. Then I got too large wide leather belts from the Salvation Army store that will go one around my pelvis area just above my cunt the other around above my tits and below my armpits so I will be secured to the bench and could not get up. Next I secured a ring in the floor with a chain that would go to to handcuffs that I would lock on my wrist like couldn't stop what I was about to do to myself. I had taken the key for the lock that would unlock my handcuffs in on a heavy shoelace I froze the key in one of those popsicle freeze containers (the ones who used to make ice pops) this would be hung so I could reach it with my hand and the only way to free up the key as I torture myself would be to melt the pop to get to the key. 

What I had done all set up I went in search of my tormentors and found in my backyard a ant hill of red ants. I scooped around 50 to 60 of these red ants into a&nbsp; container with a stocking lid on it so they would still get air. I also had a pair of old stockings that I cut a patch out of them and configured it so it would go over the vacuum tube then wrapped several routes of plastic electrical tape as to form a cap that would go on the end of the tube and allow air to get in to the tube but keep the ants from crawling out of the tube.

The final step was to get out my commercial tens unit this unit has five contact leads on it so I could put a positive and negative on each nipple and I put one on my clit. This unit would be set on a AC timer that would come on a couple minutes after I started my torture. The unit was set at 8 on the power dial.

With everything gathered, everything set up I chose 11 o'clock on Saturday at the time to proceed to torture myself. Everything was in place in my rec room. The ants were collected everything was ago at 11 o'clock I strip down naked got the tube ready to insert deep into my cunt I had to string with the key hanging close to where my hands would be. The tens unit was at the ready already set up with timer on. I stuck the tabs on both nipples in one image to away from my nipples. I stuck one on a alligator clip on my clit with a pad 2 inches above my clit. I proceeded to lock my ankles in the ankle restraints with my pelvis pitched up I readied to handcuffs so I can snap them on quickly. The final thing for me to do was to insert the tube deep into my cunt. It took a bit to get it deep and up against the opening of my uterus because I would not use any lube that way the walls of my cunt would grab the to and hold it in me better. Then I attached the rubber straps to the rail of the weight bench to keep that tube deep in me. With my heart pounding and with anticipation I did the final act and that was to take the lid off the container of red ants and poor them down the tube I quickly put the nylon On the end of the tube then it quickly snapped to handcuffs on. By the time I laid down and was putting handcuffs those ants were already biting at my uterus. God did it hurt I was strapped down and it took all my effort to put the handcuffs on and then I grabbed the ice pop with the key and held it for I wanted to unlock myself and get those pesky red ants out of me. Just as I was trying not to scream the tens unit clicked on sending pulses of electricity to both my nipples and my swollen clit. I was incensed with pain shaking uncontrollably by what I was doing to myself. Has the pain from those ants biting me and the electricity burning me I was actually coming uncontrollably from the pleasure and pain I was receiving. My cunt was grabbing the tube tightly as I was cumming and cumming.

It was 45 min. later and after five orgasms from the pain the key to my handcuffs finally became available. I quickly unlocked my hands and shut the tens unit off. My legs by now were cramping so I locked them and then pulled the tube out of my cunt closed up with the ants still deep in my cunt. And yes they were still biting more than ever because they were running out of air. I had such a burning pain right below my belly button from the burning itching uterus. That would be with me for days after the ants died. Of course eight hours later I did douche all those little tyrants out of me.

Will I do it again you ask? Yes maybe with yellow jacket bees, or crickets, or maggots. Something that will eat and give me pain at the same time. I'd love to hear from any one of you women out there that love to do what I do to my body. You can contact me at Debbie at hauker07@aol.com



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Debbie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





