BDSM Library - Snuff Flight 




Snuff Flight 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  It\'s Sandy\'s first flight as a sexy young stewardess and unfortunately her flight gets hijacked.






Snuff Flight
by Impaler49152 in October 2014
 
Sandy was excited. Her first flight as an official trainee stewardess 
would take off in a couple of minutes. She still could not belive she got 
this job. As a college dropout her chances of getting a well paid job were 
very narrow. But somehow she managed to get this job, with a little help 
from her college friend Jennifer who got her the job interview with her boss.
 
The fact that she agreed to meet him after work at one of the airport 
hotels and let him fuck the hell out of her might have helped as well. 
After a couple more "job interviews" in the hotel room she finally got the 
job.
 
She was 19 years old. You might call her a little bit naive but she made 
up for that with an almost perfect body. She was slim, athletic but still 
petite with a cute face and firm breasts. She liked to dress very sexy but 
today it was not up to her to choose the wardrobe. She really liked the 
new sexy stewardess uniforms the airline had just introduced. It was 
rumoured that the Stars'n'Stripes-Airline (or SSA for short) was trying to 
get a sexier image by hiring young and good looking service staff. 
Especially the stewardesses where "hand picked"; or in Sandy's case "dick 
picked".  But it wasn't like that was a big deal for her. Sandy loved sex, 
and even though she would have never admitted to it, she wasn't very 
picky. Every guy who knew how to use a shower every now and then was gonna 
get sex from her if he asked nicely. But like most pretty girls she had 
the problem that most guys thought she were out of his league and did not 
even dare to ask. Well, their bad...
 
  
Sandy was especially happy that her old friend Jenny was with her on that 
first flight. Jenny worked for SSA for a little more than two years now. 
She just finished the traineeship and was now a full time stewardess for 
SSA. Needless to say she was hot as hell. That seemed to be a requirement 
if you wanted to work for SSA. And Sandy could only imagine how many SSA 
managers she had to fuck to get this job. But while securing her job by 
spreading her legs for the right people in the company she would have 
rather fucked some of the handsome pilots. Especially the Captain and the 
First Officer of todays flight where perfect examples of SSA employes she 
would love to go the extra mile for. And while it was rumoured that lots 
of pilots enjoy the "sevices" of the flight crew even during the stayovers 
at abroad destinations she had never been approached by any of the pilots. 
The thought that one (or even both) of them would like to test the 
off-plane service skills of "the new girl" really got her wet. So she 
tried to think about something else and was kind of relieved when Jenny 
interrupted her day dream by asking her to come along to show her some 
pre-departure procedures.
 
As the plane took off, heading from Los Angeles to Dallas she noticed a 
familar face among the passengers. A women in her thirties named Carol, 
who she met briefly in her first week at SSA. As far as Sandy knew Carol 
worked for SSA for more than 12 years as a stewardess. Sandy was 
wondering what she was doing on this flight as passenger...
 
The flight started uneventful. Captain Hopkins was a very reliable and 
professional pilot. His career had been flawless. And Sandy could not 
help to think about his well build body and his handsome face. Before 
Sandy knew she was daydreaming once again... the kind of daydream that 
cound end in a stain inside your panties.
 
As Sandy was fighting the urge to just disappear into the bathroom to join 
the "Mile High Wanking Club", her daydream got abruptly interrupted by 
yelling and screaming from the business class. As she slid aside the 
curtain between the economy and business class she could not believe her 
eyes. There was Carol standing in the isle holding a large knife to 
Jenny's neck.
 
"NOBODY MOVES! EVERYBODY CALM DOWN! I WANT EVERYONE TO RETURN TO THEIR SEATS 
AND BUCKLE UP!", Carol yelled. 
 
With a slightly calmer voice she contintued "I have planted a bomb on 
this plane. I need to push this button every 2 minutes or the bomb will 
go off. If you try to remove the remote from my wrist the bomb will also 
go off. So nobody touches me!"
 
Carol turned to Sandy: "Listen, girl. I want you to go to the flight 
deck and inform Captain Hopkins that this flight has been hijacked. 
Bring him here, so we can talk about my demands!"
 
Sandy's heart was beating like crazy. This can't be happening. It was her 
first flight and she was in the middle of a plane hijacking. What were the 
odds? So she ran to the cockpit and told the Captain about the situation. 
Hopkins instructed his First Officer Martens to take over the controls 
before he followed Sandy to the business class.
 
"Carol, what are you doing? Are you out of your mind? Is this your idea 
of a joke?", he yelled towards Carol as he approached her.
 
"No, Jack. This is not a joke. This is all for real. As much real as the 
fact that I got fired last week because according to our HR department I'm 
too old and not appealing enough for this job. SSA want's a younger and 
sexier image. So apparently once you reached your mid thirties it's time 
to pass the job on to some inexperienced 19-year-old flight whore like 
this one", Carol said as she pointed towards Sandy. "So, SSA seems to 
think SSA passengers want more sex? Well I'd say let's give them what they 
want. Jennifer? I want you to take off this slutty flight whore uniform. 
Take it off nice and slow. Give the business class what they paid for!"
 
"Carol, you are crazy. You didn't ge fired because SSA wants sexy flight 
attendands. Jennifer is a qualified stewardess. She wasn't hired for her 
looks!"
 
 
"Alright Jack. So if this is not about sex than I dare you to take your 
pants off. Humiliate yourself. Show the passengers your dick. And more 
importantly: Show them that this is not about sex. I want you to watch 
Jennifer as she strips out of her uniform and pleasures herself right 
here in front of everyone. And I dare you, not to get a hardon while 
watching her!"
 
Carol releasd Jenny out of her grip and walked towards a female passenger 
in her mid twenties. She grabbed her out of her seat, and cut the girl's 
blouse open. Then she tore her bra off so she could press the blade of the knife 
against the girls bare breast.
 
"I'm not kidding. Jenny, start stripping. Show the passengers what kind of 
an in-flight whore you are. And Jack, if you don't get out of that pants 
in 10 seconds I will cut this bitch's tits off!"
 
Jenny couldn't belive what's going on. But after a couple of seconds she 
realized that Carol was really not joking. So she started to unbutton 
her blouse and pulled down her uniform's mini skirt.
 
Jack hesitated for a while, but as Carol started pushing the knife into 
the girl's breast so that a small cut opened up he knew he could not 
wait longer. He opened his trousers and took them off. Then he pulled 
down his boxer shorts.
 
Sandy's pulse skyrocketed. Not only that she was in the middle of a plane 
jacking, she was about to see Captain Hopkins Dick as he was forced to 
strip in front of her and everybody else.
 
Meanwhile Jenny had stripped almost completely naked. All she was 
wearing were those sexy black nylon stockings and the high heels that 
the airline made their stewardesses wear since a couple of weeks.
 
"Come on Jenny, you little whore. Everyone in the flight staff of SSA 
knows that you have a thing for Captain Hopkins. Pleasuring yourself with 
his naked cock in front of you, shouldn't be that hard for you. You're 
probably all wet by now. So spread that cunt and give yourself a good rub. 
I want you to cum for the Captain and make him hard. I give you 7 minutes. 
If you fail to make him hard, then you will be the first hostage to die."
 
Sandy was confused. She didn't know what to think... she didn't know 
what to feel. She was on a rollercoaster of feelings. And as she saw 
Jenny starting to rub her pussy she was not sure if Jenny was really 
aroused or just a damn good actress.
 
Captain Hopkins was emberrased. There he was, the Captain of this flight 
standing with his naked dick right in the middle of business class with 
everyone watching him. While one of his hot stewardesses was forced to 
masturbate in front of him.
 
"Jack, I can imagine you would rather be with little Mr. Flight Whore 
alone in one of the airport hotel rooms and fuck the shit out of her. 
But as you claim: it's not about the sex. So I want you to prove it. I 
don't want to see your dick get hard. And I certainly don't want to see 
you cum. Otherwise you would have lied to me, and that I cannot accept. 
So as your punishment I would have to kill you! And now I want you to 
look at Jennifer. Don't take your eyes of you, or I will cut this 
passenger bitche's tits off.", Carol said slowly.
 
Captain Hopkins had a real hard time to look at Jenny. Not because he 
was disguested or embarresed, but because she looked hot like hell and 
watching her pleasuring herself in this setting was a huge turn on for 
him. So he was fighting his body's natural reaction to get his dick up.
 
But being very disciplined, he managed to keep in control. Yes, his limp 
dick got a little bigger as the bloodflow increased but by distracting 
himself he found a way to control it somehow.
 
After 4 minutes, Carol said: "Well Jenny, you disappoint me a little. 
You can't even get your Captain to get horny for you. What kind of a 
whore are you? Try harder, or in 3 minutes you will become the first 
dead hostage of this hijacking."
 
Then Carol turned to Sandy and said: "And what about you? Don't you want 
to help your fellow flight whore to get your Captain to cum? Why don't 
you undress as well and take Captain Hopkins Cock in your mouth? You 
better hurry, only 2:40 minutes left for little Jenny!"
 
Sandy didn't believe her ears. It took her couple of seconds to realize 
that she was actually forced to do what she dreamed about since she 
entered this plane: She was supposed to suck the Captains Cock!
 
Of course she was embarresed to undress in front of dozens of passengers 
but she was so horny that she didn't even hesitate. So she slipped out 
of her clotes and kneeled down in front of the Captain. Then she took 
his large but still haf-limp dick in her hands, opened her mouth and 
started to suck on it. First only the tip, then she took it all in. As 
she closed her eyes she actually forgot for a couple of seconds 
everything around her. As reflex her hand reached down between her legs 
and she started to rub her wet pussy. As she realized Carol did not say 
anything about pleasuring herself she stopped for a second. Only to 
continue a couple of seconds later because: Why not. She already 
embarresed herself, so why not at least enjoy it?
 
Captain Hopkins started to sweat. He was fighting with himself but he 
started to loose the fight. The stimulation of Sandy's tongue and mouth 
were simply too much. He felt his dick growing and getting hard within 
seconds.
 
Sandy was estatic. She dreamed about sucking that dick and even though 
his life was threatened he couldn't resist but to get hard on her. That 
was about as much as an ego boost a girl like her could get.
 
"60 Seconds, Jenny. I hope your whore friend can make him cum, otherwise 
I will have to punish you for being such a failure."
 
As Sandy realized her friend's life depended on her she took the 
Captains dick in her hand and started to stroke it faster and faster. 
She had about 45 seconds left to make him cum. For a second she thought 
about the fact, that he was supposed to be killed if he cums. But then 
she disregarded that thought. Carol would not be so stupid to kill the 
pilot of a plane in midair.
 
20 seconds... she stroked faster and faster. Jack started panting. 
Fighting the urge to shoot his load all over Sandy. 
10...9...8..7...6...5...4...3...2...1... Jack somehow managed to hold 
back. 
 
Sandy was frustrated. How could he withstand all her efforts to make him 
cum? Was she soo bad at giving hand- and blowjobs? She stopped jerking 
his dick in frustration.
 
Jenny on the other hand was still desperately rubbing her clit without a 
trace of shame. She was panting, moaning loudly... The fear of get killing 
seemed to give her the kick she needed to overcome her shyness. She was so 
busy giving a good masturbation show she did not even notice that she 
already lost the "race". Carol smiled at her as she saw Jennie's orgasm 
building up. She kneeled down in fron of her between her spread legs. But 
Jenny did not even notice. She had her eyes closed and all she could focus 
on was that upcoming enormous orgasm. Sandy saw in horror as Carol took 
the large knife and played with it near Jenny's spread vagina. Suddenly 
Jenny held her breath and stopped the rubbing. As her legs started 
shaking and her whole body started shivering everbody could see that she 
was just having a really good orgasm. But even before she could relax she 
felt a even stronger feeling between her legs. As she opened her eyes she 
saw in horror as Carol stabbed her spread cunt with the large knife. She 
slid the blade into her fuck hole, only to pull it out immediately to stab 
her labia from above, slicing off her clitoris and parts of her cunt lips 
in the process. A fountain of blood shot from her cut open vagina, as 
Jenny screamed in horror and pain.
 
Sandy was shocked, so, she did not even realize as another little 
fountain errupted right in front of her. It took her some seconds to 
understand that Captain Hopkins just shot a huge load of hot cum sideways 
into her face.
 
As Carol noticed the Captains "reaction" to the unfolding scene in front 
of him she turned to him and said: "Well, well, well... Jack. Looks like 
you are into the slightly more kinky stuff. Watching a girl masturbate and 
getting a blow- and handjob doesn't do it for you. But watching a girl 
getting her cunt sliced open with a knife, pushes you over the edge? 
Well, suit yourself. If that's what gets you going let's play a little 
game. I will continue torturing little Jenny as long as your dick stays 
hard. If you want to save her, you better come down, Captain!"
 
Jack was devastated. The shame and humiliation was off the charts. He 
just came in front of dozens of his passengers while one of the 
stewardesses had the ultimate ruinied orgasm as she got knife-fucked 
while cumming. 
 
And now he was supposed to come down after being teased like hell? He 
looked at Jennifer. She was holding her bleeding cunt with her hands, 
sobbing and crying. The scene was still a huge turn on for him. The worst 
part was that Carol had really figured him out: Watching dark erotica of 
young girls getting tortured and killed was always one of his secret 
fetishes. He used to spend a couple of hours each week visiting web sites 
with this kind of sadistic content. And he loved it. So as he saw how 
Carol took the knife to play with its blood smothered blade over Jenny's 
sexy and helpless body he could not help it. Instead of going down his 
dick went right up, getting as stiff as it could.
 
As Jenny saw the Captain's once again full errect cock she paniced. With 
tears rolling down her cheeks she begged for her life. "Captain, please! 
Try to come down. I don't want to die. Please! I do anything you want. 
When this is over you can fuck me any way you want but now please come 
down! I beg you!"
 
As Captain Hopkins saw her pleading and begging he knew that it 
triggered exactly the opposite. Watching this hot young girl lying in 
front of him, only in black nylons with a spread mutilated pussy, crying 
and begging for her life was right now the biggest imagineable turnon for him.
 
Carol smiled as she saw his reaction. She took the knife and held the 
blade against Jenny's left nipple. Carol hesitated shortly then she 
sliced it right off. Then she grabbed her breast to squeeze the blood 
out of her like juice out of an orange.
 
Sandy watched everything like it was a bad dream. This could not be 
true. Sure she would wake up in a second and realize it's only a 
nightmare. But she did not wake up. She still felt the sticky cum all 
over her left cheek, her forehaed, her nose, lips and chin. She was like 
in trance. Full of adrenaline and endorphine. Her heart was racing, her 
face was blushed. And then she realized her hands were still between her 
legs, slowly rubbing her pussy. She did not even thik about it. It was 
like a reflex. As she realized it, she stopped immediately only to 
regret it. The slow stimulation of her pussy had given her a feeling of 
comfort.
 
"Ok, time to finish this. As you obviosly cannot come down I'll offer 
you a deal. As I said before: If you cum I'll kill you. As you can see 
in this bitches face you came without a doubt. So I will keep my word 
and kill you. But as you obviosly enjoy this I will grant you your last 
request as long as this request would be "Giving Jenny her Death Fuck". 
And you don't even have to do it alone. Sandy, get your cum covered 
whore face over here!"
 
Carol took the knife and played with the blade around Jennifer's belly 
button. Everyone was holding their breath. Then, with a smile on her 
face she pushed the blade right through her belly button so that only 
the 10-inch handle of the blade would stick out of her belly. Jenny 
could not even scream. The shock and the pain kept her voice mute. She 
had trouble breathing.
 
"Sandy come here. I want you so squat down on your friend, facing her 
lower body. Then I want you to spread your cunt lips and shove the 
handle of the knife right into your pussy, while it's still sticking in 
your whore-friends belly. I want you to fuck the knife handle with the 
blade inside her!"
 
Sandy was terrified. How could she make her do something like this? It 
was humiliating, emberrassing, disgusting, perverted... but also kind of 
hot and sexy...? What was wrong with her? Why would she find that sexy? 
But it wasn't like she did it voluntarily. So who would blame her? So 
she squatted down, spread her dripping wet cunt lips with her fingers far apart and 
lowered her pussy on the knife handle... all the way in, so her cunt 
lips would touch her friends bleeding belly.
 
"Go on, fuck her with that knife!", Carol encouraged her. 
 
Sandy had trouble keeping the balance at first but then she actually 
managed to move up and down on the knife. It was mostly the handle 
slipping in and out of her fuck hole, but due to the motion the knife 
also went in and out of Jenny's belly, which made it really look like 
she was fucking her friend with that knife.
 
Jack Hopkins was in shock. He was just told that 
he was about to die. But then he received also the opportunity to make 
one of his all time secret dreams come true: To fuck a girl to death. 
Watching super hot and sexy Sandy masturbating on that knife, which was 
stuck into another hot girl's belly was simply to irresistable for him. 
And what would be the consequences? He would be dead anyway. Noone could 
sue him for his actions. So he could as well enjoy the last minutes of 
his life. So he kneeled down between Jenny's legs and pushed his hard 
cock into her bleeding cunt. He was only inches away from Sandy. Her 
firm breasts were moving up and down in front of his face while she was 
riding that knife handle. So he did not hesiate to touch her breasts and 
lower his face in between them. Kissing them, biting on her nipples 
softly, while his large dick was pumping deeper and faster into Jenny's 
cunt. He could feel her blood flowing against his penis. This girl was 
dying. But she was dying with his cock inside her.
 
Sandy was like in trance. She closed her eyes, focusing on that feeling 
that the large knife handle caused in her love canal. She could only 
imagine how the other side of the knife must have felt in Jenny's guts. 
And then Sandy felt the Captains tongue and lips on her breast. Caressing 
her, licking her nipples. She was in paradise. High on adrenalin and 
endorphine. Way beyond the point of shame or regret. She didn't care that 
dozens of passengers where watching as she was basically fucking her 
fellow stewardess with a knife to death while getting her tits licked by 
the captain of this plane. The whole situation was surreal to her. So she 
did the best she could do at that moment: enjoy every second of it.
 
Jenny had lost so much blood that she started to feel dizzy. She could not 
see clearly any more. She did not even have the strength to cry or scream 
any more. She was just lying on the floor of the isle, hoping it would be 
over soon. The last thing she felt before she fainted was the Captains 
sperm shooting deep into her vagina. Then she became unconcious.
 
As the Captain came into Jenny's torn pussy, he anounced his orgasm 
involuntarly with a loud moaning sound. Sandy was on the verge of 
cumming herself and seeing the Captain cuming right in front of her gave 
her the push that she needed to orgasm herself. One last time she let 
herself sink all the way down on that knife handle so it would almost 
hit her cervix. As she looked down she saw the mess of blood and her own 
pussy juice on that knife handle. As she got up she noticed that Jenny 
was not breathing any more. She had just fucked her college friend to 
death. As the realization began to sink in she felt horrible. If they 
would ever make it out of here alive how would she explain that she just 
orgasmd on her friends dead body?
 
As Sandy got up, Carol ripped the knife out of Jenny's dead torso and 
without further warning slid the Captains throat. He collapsed with his 
dick still inside Jenniffer onto her dead body. 
 
It was dead silent in the cabin. All you could here were the engines of 
the plane. Noone dared to say anything or to make a noise. The 50 people 
in the business class cabine were terrified. Carol was not joking for 
sure.
 
Carol walked to the PA-system and started to make an announcement for 
everone to hear over the loadspeakers:
 
"Ok, here's whats gonna happen next. The First Office will divert the 
plane to Mexico. We will land there in about 90 minutes on an abandonend 
airfield, where my "friends" are already wating for us. We will show the 
world the real meaning of the term "sex sells". As this airline entierly 
uses sex as their selling point we found it only apprpriate to use this 
airline's passenger for a little drastic demonstration of the perversion 
that comes along with this practise. Currently this plane has 390 
passengers. For what we want to do, we will need mainly female 
passengers of the age of 18-30. As we don't need so many older male 
passenger we will let some of you go on arrival. A bus will bring you to 
the next city. If you want to belong to this group of people you will 
use the remaining 90 minutes of this flight to rape the 10 female flight 
attendands. You will be required to film the rape on your phone or at 
least make a photo of your cum being shot on or in a flight attendand. 
When you're done you can exchange your phone for a "walking free" pass. 
I will also ask you to rate the "in fligh service" of the stewardess you 
raped. The girl with the worst rating will be one of first ones to be 
tortured to death later. As for our female passengers: I'm sorry to say 
but this sexist airline did not employ any male flight attendands. But 
I'm sure our 10 girls would love to go down on you, for a good rating. 
During the remainder of the flight we will show a compilation of real 
torture/rape/snuff movies on the inflight entertainment system. As for 
the flight attendands, you have exactly 60 seconds to undress and start 
the inflight fuck service for the 1st, business and economy class! Enjoy your flight!"
 
 
....to be continued....
  












Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Impaler49152


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





