BDSM Library -  A New Toy




 A New Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Sarah is kidnapped, bound, and subjected to fondling, tickle torture, near asphyxiation, and rape as her new life as a plaything begins.







Sarah had a feeling today would be a good day. She was wrong, of course, but she didn&#8217;t know that yet. Spring had just arrived, and she was celebrating the first good weather in quite a long time. Ditching her sweatpants and sweaters, she was wearing a short, bright yellow skirt and a tight-but-comfortable t-shirt with thick, colorful horizontal stripes and a pair of bright red flip-flops. The only dark color to be found was her long, flowing, jet black hair. Her cheery, bright attitude and her colorful attire, coupled with her less than average height and thin, sleek arms and legs made her seem much younger than she was. She was used to that, though. Most people assumed she was around 16, which was amusing and flattering, although slightly annoying, since she had just turned 21. Reflecting on this, Sarah decided to celebrate the beautiful day with a drink or two.
Sarah had just turned down a side alley on the way to the bar when she heard a sound behind her. She tried to turn around, but was grabbed by the waist and hauled into the air. She cried for help, but her scream was cut short by a thick, strong hand covering her mouth. Changing her tactic, she began kicking and flailing, but her slender, tiny arms and legs could not do much damage to her abductor. She was carried through a dark doorway, and heard another man close the door and bolt it tight behind her. She heard a voice from across the room say "Good find! She will make a delightful new toy!"
Sarah looked around the dimly lit room, and she saw a metal table with leather cuffs standing prominently in the center of the room. Realizing what was happening, she redoubled her efforts, twisting and rolling in her captors grasp as she was thrown roughly on the table, the firm hand still over her mouth. The other man rushed over and helped to hold her down. Her captor feigned a stumble, his hand slipping off of her mouth, and Sarah saw her chance and tried once again to scream for help. The duo of captors, however, were expecting this, and jammed a gag into her mouth before she could scream, with efficiency that could only have come from practice. The gag was fastened tightly around her head, the strap cutting cruelly into the sides of her mouth, and forcing her mouth wide open.&nbsp; As she screamed into the gag, her captor took a moment to admire how well the bright red ball gag matched her clothes. It was almost a shame she wouldn&#8217;t be wearing them much longer. He got back to work, grabbing one of Sarah's thin, delicate ankles and forcing it straight. She struggled futilely as he strapped the ankle down and fastened the leg to the table. Shortly after, she felt the other captor doing the same to her other leg, leaving her legs tied tight, but spread painfully apart. She felt the rough hands grab her wrists, and forcefully tied them down to the table. The captors let go of her, and she burst into another fit of flailing, yanking her arms and legs toward her body, trying to break free of the cuffs. For the first time, she heard one of her captors speak. "Oh, stop struggling...it really is pointless you know, you are our plaything now, and you simply can&#8217;t escape." It was the response of the accomplice, however, that made her realize exactly how hopeless it was. He grinned and said "Oh come on, let her struggle a bit, you know this is my favorite part!"
Sarah heard the receding footsteps of one of her captors fade away. She was now alone, tied fast in a dark, locked room with a stranger. She began to cry. "Oh, you're crying now? It makes so much noise" came the hoarse voice of her captor, "I guess that means we will need a better gag". He turned around and grabbed a latex hood, pulling it over her head. The new addition covered most of her face, extending from her chin to the top of her nose, just barely leaving her eyes uncovered. Two air holes in front of her nose allowed her to breathe, but the tight seal formed by the latex, coupled with the ball gag, quieted her sobs to nearly inaudible levels.&nbsp; She realized now that she was unable to escape, unable to cry for help, and nobody was coming to save her.
Sarah watched as her captor kneeled at the foot of the table and removed her flip-flops. "Nice view from here" he said. She was briefly confused, but realized quickly that the kneeling man was positioned at her feet, and she was wearing a skirt, her legs tied wide apart. Despite her predicament, she blushed and instinctively tried to close her legs, but the straps prevented her from moving them even the slightest. Her captor rose to his feet and pondered for a moment, should he start out light, or just jump into the heavy torture? He made his decision, selecting a brush from the table beside him. Sarah could not see what was he was grabbing from her angle, but she soon found out. The brush flitted across her exposed feet as her captor tickled her mercilessly. She tried to recoil from the brush, but due to the binds on her ankles and wrists, succeeded only in thrashing her chest and stomach across the table. "Oh, do stop squirming, my partner may enjoy it, but I do not, and if you keep it up, you will be punished." He continued his tickling, and Sarah tried her hardest to remain still. Unfortunately for her, she could not last forever. She began flailing once again.&nbsp; Despite her captors claim that he did not want her to struggle, he smiled faintly, a cruel curl to his lip. "Let&#8217;s set one thing straight, girl. You are my slave now, and you will follow my orders or you will be punished. So, since you won&#8217;t stop squirming, I will simply have to make you stop."
Sarah's captor walked to the other end of the table, behind her head. She heard a ticking noise coming from behind her, and soon she felt her wrist straps come unattached from the table. She pulled her arms towards her, ready to make her escape, but she was stopped short. A metallic clinking sound told her that her cuffs were now chained to something else, and escape was still hopeless. The horrid voice of her captor came once again, "I&#8217;ve told you, you cannot escape. Forget your previous life, you are my toy now, nothing more." From behind her, she heard a hideous creaking, and she felt the chains pulling her arms up. Her arms were pulled straight up, but the stretching did not stop. Searing pain ran down her arms and torso, into her legs as she was stretched to her limit. Her eyes were wide in an expression of anguish and hopelessness, tears welling in her eyes and running down the sides of her cheek.
Sarah, now stretched to extremes, felt the brush tickle her feet once again. This time, however, she could not thrash, could not even move. Each time the brush passed over her, she reflexively tensed her muscles, sending jolts of pain up and down her overstretched limbs, and all she could do was scream faintly through the gag. For a moment, she hoped she could endure. Then she remembered: she was trapped, she had no choice, she had to endure.
Part Two
Sarah felt nothing but pain. After what seemed like days of torture, her captor had finally stopped and put down the brush. After a few brief seconds, she felt the man's rough hands on her stomach. Being stretched as she was, her shirt rose with her arms, leaving her midriff entirely exposed. His hands ran up and down her stomach and along her sides. His hands slowly rose and slid up underneath her candy-striped shirt. His hands found their way to her warm, soft breasts. As her captor fondled her, she closed her eyes and tried her best to pretend this was not happening. She felt her bra become unclasped, and a sharp pain brought her out of her desperate realm of pretend as her captor grabbed her nipples and twisted hard. He drew his hands slowly out from under her shirt, removing her bra entirely in the process. He dropped it to the ground beside the table, and once again began rubbing her stomach, his light touch tickled her, causing her to shiver ever-so-slightly, reminding her of her previous nightmarish experiences. She felt the questing hands slip down under the band of her skirt, the fingers sliding back and forth along her soft panties. The hand rose slightly, then slid under the soft layer of cloth. Sarah could do nothing but groan softly as the hand slipped inside her. Once again, her tears began to flow.
  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When her captor finally got bored of his "exploration", he withdrew his arm. Sarah heard a hissing sound, as of metal sliding across metal. She saw the source of the noise was her captor pulling a polished, gleaming knife off of the table. The captor slid the knife across her stomach, not enough to cut, and she felt the cold metal playing across her skin. Her captor slid the knife under her shirt, then deliberately pricked her nipples, drawing small beads of blood and causing her to wince. He then pulled upward, cutting off her shirt. Then he slid the knife under her skirt and repeated the cut, leaving her bare save her stark white panties. Her captor put down the knife. He had settled on a different method of removal. He grabbed the front of her panties and slowly pulled upwards. Sarah felt the cloth tighten and gather together in her cunt. Her captor kept pulling, and the cloth bit viciously into her sensitive skin. She half screamed, half sobbed into her gag as the line of cloth drew tighter. Suddenly, her captor pulled hard and the cloth snapped, leaving a sharp, throbbing line of pain inside her cunt. She heard the distinctive sound of a belt buckle clinking, followed by a zipper coming undone. For now, the torture had ended, and a new nightmare began.

Part 3
By the time Sarah's captor had satisfied himself, she was covered in a glistening layer of her sweat and his cum. He stood back and took a moment to watch the mesmerizing rise and fall of her chest as she struggled to breathe through the small holes in the gag. "Well" he said, "now that we have gotten that over with, it&#8217;s time to add some more entertainment". He took out a small container of white powder. Sarah was both curious and terrified as her captor dipped a brush in it, getting the brush covered. "Because I won&#8217;t be here to tickle you forever, I need to make sure you have something to keep you...entertained". He approached her, and applied the powder around the outside of her cunt, and then applied even more within, emptying the container. For a moment, Sarah could not figure out his intent. Then, suddenly, she realized what the powder was: Itching powder. She groaned helplessly into her gag. She felt the itch build up beyond any itch she had ever felt, but with her limbs so tightly stretched she could do nothing. Her captor took out another container, and covered her body in the powder. "Of course, there is still one more toy to add...my personal favorite".&nbsp; 
Sarah heard a rustling around as if her captor was looking through a pile to find the new "toy". After a few minutes, he returned, and he removed the ball gag from underneath the latex hood, leaving the latex to cover her mouth. Sarah felt cold metal resting on her nose, then a pressure on the back of her head as the device-whatever it was-was firmly tied in place. She began breathing heavily through her nose, terrified of this new, unknown instrument of torture. As the strap was tightened to painful levels, she began to hyperventilate. Suddenly, she felt something cover her nose, and she could no longer breathe. She held her breath for what seemed like forever, and she knew she could not survive much longer. She began flailing, trying to breathe but succeeding only in punishing her already over-stretched muscles further. Finally, she could no longer hold her breath. Her body forced her to take a deep breath, but she only inhaled the latex over her mouth, choking herself on the rubbery hood. She felt fear and panic like never before. She began to black out. She was going to die. Then, as suddenly as it had started, it was over. Her nostrils were unblocked, and she could breathe again. She took a deep breath, but was cut off after only a short few seconds, the device once again covering her nose. This time, she didn&#8217;t last nearly as long. What she did not know was that the leather straps holding her wrists in place were monitoring her pulse and other vital signs. The device always knew exactly how long it could prolong the torture before letting her breathe. This process continued over and over again. She thought she would get used to the feeling of panic and desperation eventually, but she did not. As the device closed and opened again and again, she began to break sooner and sooner, until she was constantly in a near-suffocation state of flailing and futilely gasping for breath. In the brief seconds she was allowed to breathe, she could feel only the terrible itching of her whole body, and the raging pain in her arms and legs.
 She vaguely felt something pierce her arm. "This is an IV needle, it will inject you with water and other nutrients you need to survive, so we can keep you like this.....forever". Her captor then washed the powder out of her cunt to satisfy himself once more. She felt him pull out of her when he had finished, but immediately after felt a cold metal object jammed painfully into her cunt. Through her panicked haze of near asphyxiation, she felt it begin to vibrate, pleasuring her. Despite her best efforts, she could not deny the pleasure of the large vibrator, and soon began to feel the overwhelming sensations as her cum flowed out of her. She heard the door close, but she was so wrapped in pain and terror it seemed almost as if it was in another world. She was left alone, her only visits were when her captor returned to relieve his own urges. She craved death, for she thought even hell could hold no worse torture for her, but she was denied even that escape. She was kept in this state for months on end, playing and replaying the cycle of pleasure, pain, suffocation, terror, and orgasmic release until she could hardly remember her life before her capture. She was no longer Sarah, she was simply a toy.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zionix Archal


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





