BDSM Library - A Chinese slut submitting to White power




A Chinese slut submitting to White power
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   the story of an inferior chink cunt who have the sexual urge to be used by white men based on true story






A Chinese woman's submission to White power




PART I

1

I'm a cheap chink cunt and I have the sexual need to be used by a White man
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'm 29 years old, slim, petite, well educated Chinese woman.&nbsp; Even though I still look very young compared to other women of my age, biologically I'm approaching the peak of my sexuality.&nbsp; But I'm married to a worthless Chinese husband who can't fulfill me and every day and night I fantasize of being sexually dominated by a real man, a White man—whenever I fantasize about sex, it's inevitably a White man, always, even in my dreams I dream of a dirty old White man just stripping me naked, beating me, tying me up, whipping me mercilessly with his belt, and then use me, brutally, treat me like a dirty yellow cum dump.  I can't help myself and I really wish someone could help me fulfill my unfulfilled sexual desires that are just burning me alive.&nbsp; Call me his chink cum dump, his chink meat urinal, rape me, torture me, beat me, humiliate me.  I yearn for this kind of treatment.  And for a long time I had struggled with those evil bad thoughts because they were unfeminist and un-liberal, but then I realized, if I am really equal to men, I should never be ashamed to admit those feelings, because men have no problem with expressing their sexuality and why should I?  And men curse, yell, scream, and society is perfectly ok with that, but should I as a woman be held to a different standard?

Anyway, my husband and I own a Chinese restaurant in Flushing and everyday I see hundreds of White men coming into our restaurant with young and pretty Chinese girls and I feel so excited, hot and sexually aroused imaging to myself that I was that young and pretty Chinese woman being fucked hard and sexually dominated by those White men.  Those Chinese women who are engaged to White men are the luckiest women on earth and just about every Chinese woman I know secretly want to be dominated by a White man.

The other day I brought my son to play in the park and I saw a bunch of young White men and a few black men playing basketball together and those virile White men were the most beautiful sight I have ever seen.&nbsp; They were so muscular, strong, and handsome!  And they beat those little black men so bad.  And then I looked over to my husband and I felt so disgusted.  If my chink husband is a man, then, another word must be used to describe those White men.  Those White men must be divine.  Those White men are godlike compared to my little chink husband.  Those White men must be worshiped with my lips.  My yellow cunt will be honored if those divine White men stripped me naked right there in the basketball court and gang raped me.

I often imagined myself being forced to strip naked in our restaurant, made to kneel down in front of a beautiful, mighty, powerful White man and the older that White man is, the more I'm turned on.&nbsp; I will serve those godlike White men on my hands and knees and serve them by crawling naked on the floor.  I don't really know if I convey this, but I'm so horny right now and I really wish someone could help me, to put out that delirious fire that is burning me alive.  I am naked and on my knees as I write this.  I need a White man to worship.  My naked chink flesh need to be consumed and used by a divine White god.

2

White men are God's gifts to Asian women
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;White men are so beautiful, so powerful, so charming, my only wish is to be a White man's Asian sex slave, worshiping him, licking every inch of his godlike body, kissing the ground he walks on,  obediently savoring each drop of his semen, sweat, and piss.

White men are rightfully dominant and all Asian women need to submit and worship White men, as nature intended, as God intended.  Because White men are supremely good.  Because White men are divinely superior.

I love White men and I cry myself to sleep at night dreaming of a glorious White man coming to save me, to ravish me, to rape me.  If only a White man will burst through my bedroom door right now and rape me, fuck me and make me His.  I will forever be a White man's pleasure doll of love.&nbsp; All Asian women deserve to be White men's sex slaves.

3

It is glorious to be used by a White man
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;White people just don't know how glorious, how “have face” it is for a lowly chink woman to be fucked by a White man.&nbsp; Sometimes even just being a whore to a White man means being so much superior than other Chinese women.&nbsp; Chinese prostitutes for White men are so much more expensive than other types of prostitutes and they are truly the cream of the crop among Chinese women.&nbsp; Only the best and prettiest Chinese women deserve to be used by White men.&nbsp; As for me, personally, it is glorious just to be a White man's cum dump, to have the honor to submit to the divine dominance of a White man.&nbsp; Because White men are so powerful, so glorious, that all the little chink men are scared when they see a Chinese woman is with a White man.  Even if I am just his slave, his inferior cum pig, the cum of a White man will give me so much face in front of all the other Chinese women.&nbsp; I will be looked up to like I was a better person, simply because a White man has used me.

I need White man's cum inside me, inside my mouth, my stomach, my pussy, my anus.&nbsp; My uterus screams for White man's amazing cum.&nbsp; I want to be a White men's little chink whore.

4

As an asian woman, I absolutely hate asian men!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Why?&nbsp; Because I am married to a pathetic little chink man.&nbsp; And I even gave birth to another asian man!&nbsp; Yuck!&nbsp; I came to America with the hope that I would marry a White man and give birth to beautiful mixed children and all my Chinese girlfriends chide me for marrying a Chinese man and they all laugh at me and even calling me a loser for marrying a Chinese man.&nbsp; Even if I married a Korean man or a Japanese man it would have been so much better than marrying a disgusting Chinese man because then having a Japanese or Korean husband can give me more face in front of my Chinese girlfriends.&nbsp; I was really pretty when I was like 21, and now I am approaching 30 and I have completely lost the confidence that I once had when I was even 25, and I feel like I can't attract White men anymore.&nbsp; Why is it so hard to date White men?  Because all the White men are stolen by other Chinese women who are prettier and richer than me!&nbsp; OMG like some of those Chinese women are not just so pretty but really really rich too and they all date White men!&nbsp; And they steal all the White men away from me!&nbsp; The competition among Chinese women over White men is just too fierce.  Even White men who are old and ugly are stolen by very pretty Chinese women.&nbsp; You have no idea how hard I have to work to attract White men.

Every day I hate myself and I regret my decisions in life.  you have no idea how cruel girls can be to each other.&nbsp; I have a Chinese girlfriend who married a White man and she has given birth to beautiful White children and she says things like "OMG your son is not mixed blood?  What's wrong with you?  Look at my baby.  He's mixed—half White and half Asian.  He's going to grow up to be both strong and smart.  Your son is going to grow to be a little dicked chink man just like his father."&nbsp; And there's another Chinese girl who's married a Korean guy and she's like “Yeah Korean men are just so much superior than Chinese men.”&nbsp; Everybody treats me like shit because I'm married a Chinese man!

I'm so mad at myself I wish I can redo all my life all over again. 

5

A White man is coming to fuck me tonight
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I am shaving my pussy right now to prepare myself for a White man's coming. My husband and our stupid son are visiting their grandmother in Long Island and won't be back until Tuesday and I have to take care of the restaurant and all the staffs.  But I'm so excited right now!  Finally, I am going to be fucked by a White man tonight.  He is going to come to my home, fuck me, humiliate me, and take me away, use me, and own me, use me like a little Chinese whore.  I am so excited right now I can't wait!

6

The most amazing night
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This is the second time I had tried to have sex with someone off the internet and I just had the most amazing night of my life.  So after the first attempt I became bolder and I told people the fantasies that I really wanted and I became acquainted this hot young college aged White male over the internet, and I set a date to go to his house and I thought he was by himself but he actually shared his house with five male friends.  I was flabbergasted when he opened the door and I saw five virile young White men, all naked and smiling at me and they said they knew what I wanted and—they fucked me like I have never been before in my entire life.  For the first time in my life I felt alive.&nbsp; I understood what it meant to be sexually liberated!

For the entirety of my life up to that point I had been imprisoned by the Asian male patriarchy to feel ashamed of my sexuality.&nbsp; If I wanted to have sex with a White man, those misogynistic Chinese man would say I am a slut and I am a whore, and I was shamed and guilted into becoming an obedient Chinese wife to a worthless chink husband, but tonight, I was emancipated from the shackles of Asian men.&nbsp; I have become independent, strong and reborn!&nbsp; White men have baptized me and given birth to me anew to the world of sexual liberation!

Those were tall, handsome, muscular young White males with amazing libidos, and they had given me the best sex I have ever had.&nbsp; I was a bitch in heat and they had fucked me to the dog heaven.&nbsp; Even as I went back home, my mind was still on fire thinking about all that happened to me and the more I thought about it the more I felt my heart aching and my pussy was dripping wet yet again!&nbsp; And I went into my bedroom's bathroom to inspect my pussy—my husband had already went to bed, he had to get up at 5 in the morning; I had told him the night before that a few friends of mine were going to play mahjong—I saw how badly tortured my pussy had been.&nbsp; My gook pussy had been degraded and destroyed as it was meant to be and when I said those words in my mind I felt so horny yet again and I started to finger myself, and when my finger dug into my own degradation a slew of semen dripped out of my cunt; and then I tried to pee and I felt sharp pain shooting through my vaginal nerves right into my lower stomach and when I lunged for some air I felt liquid in my nostrils and there was semen in my nostrils as well.&nbsp; I smeared those semen on my lips and gently licked it with the tip of my tongue—it felt amazing.&nbsp; I felt disgusting, sick, degraded, tortured and hurt, remembering everything that had happened to me and I felt so satisfied, knowing that I have been bred with White men's semen.&nbsp; My tiny little chink yellow pussy had been impregnated by White men's seed, the semen of the most superior men in the world.  I was reborn again.  

It's amazing how sexually aroused I am when I'm around White men.&nbsp; Every time when I walked down the street and I saw a White man looking at me, it's like electricity shooting through my body.&nbsp; I wanted to tell him that I want him so bad, I wish he would come up to me, talk to me, seduce me, take me to his home, fuck me, use me, and shoot his cum into me, breed me like a cheap Chinese whore, and then tie me up like a garbage bag, and dump my naked body to the dumpster.&nbsp; My naked yellow flesh is for white men's consummation.&nbsp; Bite into me, slap me, and treat me like a cheap Chinese slut.&nbsp; Use me in anyway as you wish.&nbsp; Take me away from this lonely world of solitude.

Those White boys had wished me to stay with them for the entire night, but I told them it was impossible, given that I have a family, a worthless little dicked husband, and a pathetic little faggot son who's going to grow up to be just like his father, and when they said they wouldn't let me go until I had yet another round of sex, I became scared, but boys will always be boys.&nbsp; They had simply wanted me to make them cum again.&nbsp; We were having sex in the living room couch and I was kneeling down the whole time to let them have easy access to my sex.&nbsp; Out of my feminine instinct to be modest, I pretended like I didn't enjoy it as much, but I loved every minute of it!&nbsp; And when they shot into me yet again I felt the deepest joy, a certain pride, at being able to sexually arouse them as I did.&nbsp; After they had fucked me hard again, they let me go and I had promised them that I will be back soon.&nbsp; It was scary but I know it was what I wanted.&nbsp; Everyday I had fantasized of being a sex slave forever kept underneath a White man's feet and it was so long before I had the courage to carry out my feverish dream.&nbsp; God I hate my life.&nbsp; If I were free, I would have stayed with those young White men all night and become their sex slave and they would have fucked me nonstop for the entire night and I would be so happy.&nbsp; I am such a horny shameless slut. 

I feel so jealous of those young Asian girls who still go to college.  I can only imagine how often they get fucked.  I wish I was young again.  I wish I could redo my life all over again, and I would have married a White man and be gang banged by all his friends every night.  I love White men, and I love being the yellow cum dump for White men.  It's my destiny.  It's my desire.&nbsp; It's every Asian woman's desire.&nbsp; 

I am still so excited that I can’t sleep.  I still couldn’t believe what I had done.&nbsp; And it feels so good.&nbsp; I'm a slave for White cock.

7
So what I become pregnant by White men
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I have to admit I didn't use condoms.  It was part of my plan, to be bred, to be filled, to be cummed inside with those superior White semen.  I wanted the feeling of drowning in a pool of semen.&nbsp; It was pure ecstasy!&nbsp; I love the feeling of a dominant white cock shooting semen inside me, into my vagina.  It was the most craziest best feeling ever, like I was a movie star.  I was like the most important woman in the world.  It felt sooooo good.&nbsp; And if I become pregnant, I will be able to have a beautiful mixed child just like all the other Chinese women, and he or she will be so beautiful I'm sure my husband will love it.  Besides, White and Asian look so similar he wouldn't even notice.  My Chinese husband's mother always ask why our son is so dark skinned.  She wants a very light skinned child and so I did my best for our second one.  If I become pregnant, our second child will be very light skinned I can promise her that!

My White lover actually has another Chinese girlfriend about the same age as he is.  So I am just an another horny dumb Asian cow to be used as his cum dump whenever his other Chinese girlfriend is not available.  She was gorgeous by the way.  My White lover had shown me a picture of her and he told me he had actually tweeted a picture of me to her saying that I was their landlord, and he even joked that he wanted to do me but then she tweeted him back saying that "Chinese women don't like White guys!"  There is no way she would have suspected I had been having sex with her boyfriend.  Oh Lord I wish I was young again. Not that I look old, but I have just been so tied down with family and job and having a kid.&nbsp; I wish I was carefree like a 19 year old Chinese girl in college so I can date those hot young White studs.  I love them so much.  But to them I'm just an old cow now even though I'm only 29.  I feel so ashamed of myself.

8

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At some point I think I need to discontinue this lie.  I am not attracted to my little dicked chink husband at all.  I want a White man.  I don't care if he is old and ugly; as long as he is White, I will love him.  I have money.&nbsp; If I divorce my husband, half of the restaurant business is mine, so I will be quite wealthy.  I need, I want, to be a White man's sex slave, because I'm addicted.  I just love the feeling of a White cock inside me.  I don't understand why but I just get turned on so much by being fucked and humiliated by White men.&nbsp; I'm sure all Asian women do but they don't like to be honest with their feelings whereas I am perfectly honest.&nbsp; 

9

I need a White owner
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I need a White man to own me.  I need a White man's discipline and I need to be used by him, tortured by him, and sexually abused by him.  I need to receive daily beatings as all the other Chinese girls owned by white men receive, the strong hand of a dominant white god punishing a little chink whore, who ought to be always naked, always on her hands and knees, collared and leashed like a bitch, exhibited to strangers, shared to his friends, sexually humiliated at all times, become a White man's semen urinal, and bear his children for him.&nbsp; 

I have a Chinese girlfriend who is happy married to a White man and she is never allowed to wear clothes inside her husband's house, even when their friends show up.&nbsp; One time when her husband was not at home she told us to come over to her house to play mahjong, and then when her husband came home in the middle of it and saw her wearing clothes inside his house, he immediately tore off all her clothes and ordered her to get on her hands and knees and gave her a sound whipping with his belt right there in the living room, in front of me and the other two Chinese women.&nbsp; And when she couldn't bear the whipping anymore she crawled to his feet, huddled on the floor like a supplicant before the divine, and then wrapped her soft arms around his massive legs like a pitiful creature, sobbing and begging for mercy and all her tears and saliva were drooping on his leather shoes, and we all stood there and watched in silent ecstasy, exchanging furtive glances with one another, knowing deep in our hearts that she deserved such treatment and each one of us was sexually aroused by the dominance of a white god.&nbsp; I was literally soaking myself as I watched in terror, while another hided her secret smiles in her heart.&nbsp; If the White man had commanded, all three of us would have obediently submitted to his will, to become his sex slaves as he wished.&nbsp; He looked so dominant, so strong and naturally powerful and it is only right that such a naturally, genetically superior godlike man should be worshiped.&nbsp; As we left the white god's house, while we were outside on the porch, we heard the sound of fucking and his Chinese wife was moaning and she was apparently being fucked really hard after she was being beaten and all three of us stood there on the porch, biting our lips and listened in shameful ecstasy.&nbsp; Her moaning was loud and feminine, mixed with groans of defeat and sighs of woe, like a woman in agony, or a prisoner of war who's being captured by her enemy and was now too tired to scream after repeated torture .&nbsp; It was so sexy and it was so right.&nbsp; God made White men the most divinely supreme beings in the universe and it is the duty of every Asian woman to submit and worship him.  All Asian women should rightfully be White men's property.

After that instance, whenever we showed up at her house, she never dared to put on clothes again, and we all clearly saw the whip marks on her naked ass.&nbsp; Not only that, she was never allowed to sit in the house either.&nbsp; She must either stand on her feet or kneel on the floor and we weren't used to playing mahjong on our knees so we never went back to her house again.&nbsp; Her neighbors had told us that every night they could hear her being fucked and even see her through the window.&nbsp; Their&nbsp; house's curtain was never closed.&nbsp; It was how every Asian woman dream of being treated.&nbsp; You might not believe this, but there is saying in Chinese “Your husband cherish you only if he beat you”, and for a Chinese woman, to be beaten by her husband is a sign of being loved and many Chinese women would complain bitterly if their husbands were not beating them.&nbsp; 

10

The New Master race
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Make fun of Asian women all you want, how we worship White men, how we desire to become White, the end result is already here: thanks to the valiant effort of Asian women everywhere, Asians are gradually becoming White.  And face it, Asian women and White men will reproduce the most beautiful and intelligent babies, even reproduce super intelligent White men who can reproduce further with pure White women! Like Tommy Chong, Lisa See, and Timothy Wu.  Asian women and White men are the future of White!  The new Aryan race is here and it is the cross breeding of dominant White men and submissive East Asian women!

11

The most wonderful month of my life
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Everyday of the last month I have been fucked to paradise. I visit my secret White lover's house on the pretense of delivering Chinese food (I told my husband they wanted to do a catering plus delivery and will pay the extra money to keep me there because they are doing a party) and I bring with me 80 dollars worth of Chinese takeout.  When I arrive at his place—the main door is above a flight of stairs—I drop to my knees and kowtow to my young White lord beneath the stairs, there is a fence that keeps me from view, and while I remain prostrate his friends would rush out the door like minions and take the food inside, while leaving me and my White lord like stone statues staring into each other.  After all the food had being taken inside, I was ordered to crawl up the stairs.

Once inside his house, I would immediately strip naked and crawl over the living room to the kitchen where they were eating and I would ask to be collared with a bright red dog collar. And thus as he and his friends ate the Chinese takeout, I remained on my knees to serve them, fetch them beers, massage their feet, and sucking on their cocks or licking their assholes as they continued to eat.&nbsp; Later his friends would order me to crawl around the living room with chopsticks stuck into my vagina and anus, for their amusement.&nbsp; Then they whipped me with their belts and the whipping sound was so loud it would wake up their housemate upstairs, a middle aged White man who works in construction. At which point my White prince, when their housemate comes down to complain, would eagerly offer me up as his punching bag to take out all his sexual frustration.&nbsp; I would stay upstairs being fucked while my White prince and his friends played videos downstairs, and after he was done with me he would tell me to go back downstairs.&nbsp; I had promised my White prince that I would never use a condom and as I walked back downstairs I would feel semen dripping out of my cunt and it was a sexy feeling, knowing that I was bred with superior white genes inside my womb, as white dominance glows and grows inside me, its glory slowly and patiently fermenting the cycle of life.&nbsp; 

I am proud to say, that I have been gang banged, repeatedly by all my young White lord's buddies.&nbsp; I have been sexually used like a good chink fucktoy.&nbsp; I am White men's chink fucktoy.&nbsp; My purpose is to serve and please and amuse my white owners.

And I feel so wonderful, knowing that my purpose has been fulfilled, my mission in life is being accomplished.&nbsp; Every time after I visited them I make sure I was aalways very proud of the fact that I have been stuffed with their precious semen and I love the feeling that my whole body rake of semen but unfortunately I was also mixed with the smell of Chinese food.  And no one ever even noticed because the smell of Chinese food is too strong.  It's such hard work to work in a Chinese restaurant.  You always smell of Chinese food and you can never smell of anything else.&nbsp; Whenever someone meet me for the first time, they almost always immediately recognize that I worked in a restaurant because my whole body rakes of Chinese food. 

Every so often my young White lord would text me and send me the pictures he had taken of me and I get so turned on looking at pictures of myself being fucked so good.&nbsp; And when I was alone, depressed and unhappy, I took out my phone and texted my secret lover, and browsed through the secret stash of naked pictures of myself being fucked hard by my prince, and instantly I feel better.&nbsp; I love the pictures of me being  surrounded by beautiful White cocks; those gorgeous White cocks made me look so sexy, so feminine, so natural, so slutty.  It is the best thing for an asian woman.&nbsp; It's necessary that every asian woman must be gangbanged by White men at least once a day for her to feel satisfied, and to show our appreciation for our White gods.

At a White man's presence no asian woman should be permitted to wear clothes, and upon entering a White man's house, an asian woman must always drop to her knees, and beg to be collared and leashed, as a sign of her complete devotion to her White god.

At the command of my White prince, I did a brazilian wax to completely remove my pubic hair so I don’t bring shame to him when I am naked around his house.  Having pubic hair is unpleasing to the eye and unpure by European standard, so now I have become pure and pleasing to my White prince, my White lord.  I am my White prince’s most obedient slave.

It is the most exhilarating feeling when my little chink cunt is being conquered and dominated by the most powerful cock in the world.&nbsp; And I am the happiest little chink in the world.

12

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I am happy everyday now and I am constantly amazed at how creative and intelligent my White prince is.  This other night, after all his buddies had taken turns using me, my White prince stuck a rubber tube into my anus and put the other end into my mouth.&nbsp; Then he ordered me to suck the cum out of my anus. I had just had anal sex and my anus was filled with cum and I was so exhausted I just lay there and couldn't even move so my White prince helped to flip my legs over my head and all the semen instantly squeezed out of my anus and started through the tube slowly dripped into my mouth and everyone was laughing and clasping their hands.&nbsp; My White prince is the most wonderfully creative genius.

A lot White men don't seem to understand this, but for us asian women, it is an honor to be used by White men, and we consider ourselves inferior to White men and we are flattered if we could have the honor of being sexually used by White men and I was no exception.  There was this another Chinese woman who married a White man and I used to talk to her everyday and every single time she would boast to me how great her White man was in bed, and I used to feel so bad but now I don't because I can boast to her too because now I have been used by a White man as well, and I showed her pictures of my White prince and lol, she was in such consternation when she saw how hot and handsome my White prince was.&nbsp; She was so jealous.&nbsp; Her White man is old and ugly, like over 60 years old, but my White man is hot and young. I have so much face in front of my Chinese girlfriends now.

13

My secret sex life with my White prince has actually made my relationship with little dicked chink husband a lot better because I used to get angry and irritated at him, but the fact that I have been cheating on him all this time and he doesn't even have a clue make me feel good about myself and his presence doesn't bother so much any more.  He brings home money and I sneak out back with my White prince.&nbsp; We have a happy family together :D

14

If an asian woman is "raped" by a White man, that shouldn't be considered rape.&nbsp; 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It's very hard for me to believe how could any asian woman be "raped" by White men when it's so clear that asian women are actually so desperate to have sex with White men, and I have often heard of the case that White men in Asia have been literally "raped" by over-eager asian women who would just do anything to have sex with White men.  I am not denying rape doesn't exist and I am certainly not a rape apologist like some feminists are, but I am seriously questioning how it could be possible for an asian woman to be raped by White men.  I mean, if it were a black man or an asian man, that would be considered rape, I'd give you that, and rape does exist, unfortunately, but I'm just saying rape by White men can't possibly exist because I can't think of why any asian woman would not consider it an honor to be "raped" by White men.  And if it ever was rape, then, the asian woman who was "raped" should be honored to be "raped" by White men, and don't tell me she is not happy to be impregnated by a White baby.  I have heard so many cases where a little chink husband would ask a White man to impregnate his wife just so they can have White babies. 

And to be completely honest, I don't think my husband would be bothered at all&nbsp; if our next child turn out to be a little whiter than he is. ^_^

15

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;White prince has started training me to drink piss, which I have never done before, but my White prince has insisted that if I truly love him and devote my life to him, I would drink his piss and all the piss of his buddies.  It is a Herculean task for me.&nbsp; I know a lot Chinese women who enjoy drinking their white men's piss but I just couldn't bring myself to do it, so he had compromised to let me start by drinking my own piss first.&nbsp; It wasn't any better.&nbsp; I would rather be drinking a White man's piss than my own, but I had to start somewhere.&nbsp; I drank a large quantity of water and then had my hands and feet tied over my head so my pussy was directly aiming at my mouth.  The reason he had tied me up was because in previous attempts I had backed out of it and I tried to avoid the piss and it was my wish to be tied up because I wanted to push myself to complete the task and not to disappoint my White prince any more.  So this time I really was determined to drink my own piss.  And my White prince was standing over the edge of the table with his beautiful big White cock right above my head.  If I drink my piss, my White prince said, he will let me suck on his gorgeous White cock.  On the other hand, he was also carrying a long bamboo stick in his right hand, if I had failed to drink my own piss yet again, he will cane my ass with that stick.  It was his "carrot and stick" plan for me.

So when I started to feel the tingling in my pussy, I tried my best to keep my mouth open and I was determined to swallow every drop, but the taste was so horrible.  I couldn't bring myself to swallow anymore after the initial gulp and so as my punishment and reward my White prince had decided to give me a whipping while I sucked on his gorgeous cock.

I promised I will try better the next time we meet.

16

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I won't be able to see my White prince for at least the next few days so I guess I will be spending a lot time at home watching porn and masturbate LOL.  My White prince has a Chinese girlfriend, as I said before and she is coming over to spend the weekend and possibly longer with him.  I feel so sad not being able to be used by my White prince but I also feel so proud of the fact that there are so many young, hot, gorgeous Chinese girls who are eager and willing to serve White my prince as it shows how desirable he truly is.

The very thought that a gorgeous young Chinese woman is currently serving my White prince in anyway he wishes turns me on and fills me with a warm fuzzy satisfying feeling knowing that I am his secret lover, that I earned the honor to have once served my White prince as his docile, submissive asian sex slave—I feel a strange sense of pride.

To be honest, White men have been way too gentle with us inferior chinks.&nbsp; Every Asian woman has the urge and the need to be dominated by a strong and powerful White man, and some of them just choose to hide it, and not only that but we get turned on so much when we are being humiliated and degraded.&nbsp; Just look at how many Asian women are in porn and how much they enjoy degrading themselves.

I think it's pretty rational to say that we Asian women carry the inherent slave genes inside us, that if we are not being humiliated, degraded and dominated, we feel empty, direction-less and we become tantrum-prone and easily angered, but when we are being beaten, disciplined and sexually well used, we revert back to our natural state of being calm, gentle and submissive.

Therefore, all Asian women should serve as slaves to White men and there should be no argument against it, and when this is done, this world will be a so much happier place.

But, just to be sure, we Asian women are not slaves like the blacks.  We Asian women we are the beautiful slaves, the feminine slaves, the model slaves that all other slaves desire to become.  We are not the rebellious slaves who don't know how to appreciate the gratitude of our White masters.&nbsp; No we are the diligent slaves who are obedient, docile and respectful toward our White masters.&nbsp; We are the good slaves to White men and all Asian women should strive to be good slaves to White men.

Let me tell you, the day when we reinstate slavery is the day when mankind will rediscover happiness.  Some human beings are just not capable of freedom and no matter how hard you try to deny this fact, it will not change the nature that is the human nature that has been determined by genetics and evolution lasting for hundreds of thousands of years and you think 30 years of liberal ideological brainwashing is going to change that?  Asian women are naturally slaves and White men are naturally masters; Asian women are naturally inferior and White men are naturally superior, and there is nothing you can do that can change this very basic fact about human nature that has been recorded for over two thousand years.  Slavery is written in every Asian woman's genome and oh trust me, all of us Asian women know we are slaves and, if given the opportunity and the courage, we will all be proud slaves.

17

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My prince texted me a picture of him and his Chinese girlfriend in bed. Isn't she beautiful?  And seeing her being fucked so hard by my White prince make me feel so insecure and I am filled with jealousy.  I know I am not his girlfriend.  I am merely his Asian cow, his and all his buddies' asian cum dump, and I understand my place, but I still feel so horrible knowing that there is a younger, sexier and much prettier Chinese girl serving him right now.

18

"All chink women are born to be White men's exclusive semen urinal!"  Oh yes my White prince yes!  Your beautiful words fill my heart with joy!  This is how all Asian women should be treated, because deep down you know—you know, it's true—Asian women can only find joy and freedom through White men's dominance.&nbsp; No tiny Asian dick can satisfy my lust for the supreme White cock.&nbsp; My White prince had written the words "White cock only" on his Chinese girlfriend's forehead.&nbsp; Not only that, but he took a picture of it and captioned with that beautiful sentence: “All chink women are born to be White men's exclusive semen urinal!”&nbsp; And I felt so horny reading that sentence.&nbsp; A little bit jealous too because of his girlfriend but I know there is no way a handsome godlike White man like my White prince can be all kept to myself.&nbsp; I wish all Asian women should have the words "White cock only" tattooed on their foreheads so when we walked down the streets no men except White men will dare to approach us.&nbsp; Every Asian woman has had the experience of being approached by creepy black guys, asian guys and hispanic guys who think they have a shot at us when in fact, to be honest, we are only attracted to White guys.&nbsp; We belong to White men.  We are White men's property.  White men are God's gifts to us.  White men set us free from bondage and liberated us from thousand years of sexual repression so we can come to White men, to their salvation, and we cannot live without the blessing of divine White men who are godlike in their manly strut.&nbsp; Is it really wrong then for Asian women to worship White men as gods, when White men are the true sons of god.&nbsp; Oh beautiful White men that I love, I worship, as all worthless chink women should ... White men are Asian women's bridges to heaven.

19

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Every Asian woman knows it. It is so liberating to be White men's sex slave.&nbsp; Does that sound contradictory?&nbsp; Only in theory.&nbsp; In practice it is the most intense and liberating ideology.&nbsp; Being White men's sex slave means being loved, being cherished, being used as an Asian woman deserve to be used, by the most superior and dominant men in the world.  Every Asian woman deserves to be owned by White men and, if the world were right, only by White men. 

A little chinky cunt owned by White men, is the happiest chink.

20
Only White men deserve Asian women
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Asian women are beautiful, feminine, docile, submissive, and everybody in the world loves and adores us Asian women.  Naturally, as the most sexually prized women in the world, we only deserve the best type of men, and that is, of course, White men.  White men are handsome, dominant, intelligent and superbly superior, and it is natural and right that Asian women should only belong to White men.  We Asian women deserve better than those little dicked chink men, and we certainly shouldn't be dating those savage niggers who live on welfare checks.  We need to be owned by the most powerful, and benevolent masters of the world, godlike White men, divine in their manners, manly in their struts as they roughshod across the world with fire and lightning.  White men are Asian women's gods and all Asian women are right to worship White men.

21

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It is in every asian woman's best interest to enjoy pain for White men's pleasure, and any asian woman who does not do so should be severely punished by whipping, torturing, and beating as condoned by White men.  Asian women deserve to be beaten by White men, because White men are gods.

22

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Living in Flushing, I know a lot of Chinese women who want to have sex with white men, and a lot of them are very desperate to meet White men, because being seen with a white man gives them face and they will have a better life.&nbsp; So of my numerous acquaintances, there were a Chinese woman and her daughter, who both worked in a massage parlour.&nbsp; The mother is divorced and later remarried to a White man.&nbsp; A lot of those Chinese women who work in massage parlours are illegal immigrants and looking for a white husband is their way to obtain permanent residence, but also having a white husband means having a good life.&nbsp; Many of them live in ten dollar hotels and if they can move in with a White man, that means they can get a place to stay, so naturally, in a massage parlour if the customer pays them well, those Chinese women are only too eager to have sex, as long as they don't get caught, and they will go out and date their White customers.&nbsp; The prospect of eventually getting married is the main reason why they are so eager to have sex with them.&nbsp; And yes, they only date White customers.  The more desperate ones will date Hispanics and blacks, but the prettiest, as this daughter and mother were, only date White men.  We often times don't like to date Chinese men at all.  With White men, we never feel ashamed about being sexually liberal or being called sluts; it makes us feel sexy; and besides, most of us who came to America are exclusively looking for White husbands.&nbsp; Chinese Americans just don't seem like Americans to us.  So anyway, that was how the mother became acquainted with an older White man.&nbsp; The mother was very eager to please because she knew he was very wealthy and naturally she did everything he demanded of her, no matter how degrading it was: licking every part of his body, including his asshole, armpits, and feet; wearing vibrating eggs in her vagina while out in public; swallowing his semen; etc.&nbsp; The White man also knew she was a gold digger and thoroughly enjoyed every penny of his money's worth.&nbsp; She was so compliant to him that even when he demanded her daughter she did not hesitate to introduce her daughter to him and frequently the mother and daughter gave massage to him together, the mother worshiping his feet with her tongue while the daughter worshiped his cock with her mouth.&nbsp; And he was so thoroughly satisfied with how submissive and slutty both the mother and daughter were so he married the mother and they moved in together, in something less than a week's time span, at an Upper East Side apartment.&nbsp; The daughter is like 20 and the mother is like a little over 40, and since Asian women don't tend to age as much as white girls do, the mother is still very pretty and young looking, and now that the mother and daughter stopped working and in stead spent their days pleasing their sugar daddy, yes both of them having sex with the same man all the time.&nbsp; Despite his age, I have heard, the White man is still very strong and ferocious in bed and handles both of them quite well.  He is very dominant too, as all White men should be, and the Chinese mother and daughter are ordered to always dress to please, meaning very revealing clothes like very short, bright colored mini skirts when walking outside, even in the winter, no panties and no bras, matching color high heels for both the mother and daughter, various kinds of very revealing dress like strapless blouses and they both wear matching choker necklaces that looked a little like dog collars.&nbsp; The mother is actually so young looking people frequently mistook them as sisters because they both wore clothes of the same color out on the street. 

Everyday the mother spend hours licking his asshole and feet while the daughter gets fucked, and if he was not satisfied with the licking, he punished the daughter by whipping her.&nbsp; There is daily beatings for the mother to ensure complete obedience; she is beaten once in the morning and another round of beating in the evening right before sleep.&nbsp; At first he gave daily beatings to both of them, but then he found out that the mother was hurt even more when she saw her daughter being punished, and so from that point on he only gave beatings to the mother and if the mother made mistakes, he gave a beating to the daughter.&nbsp; And whatever demand that the daughter refused to do, the mother always eagerly volunteered herself to do it.&nbsp; Anyway, there is no secret both of them were his chinese trophy wives, and “trophies must be displayed,” as he told them.&nbsp; He brought them to various business events and introduced them to many elite businessmen and others, and both of them must always fuck and suck anyone on demand; and he especially enjoyed humiliating them in front of his business clients, to show how obedient and submissive they both were; they were both frequently stripped naked in front of complete strangers and then tied to the door post and given rounds of beatings with belts, baseball bats, and wooden sticks.

And when there is a party in his house, the daughter served as waitress while the mother served in the restroom as urinal waiting to be fucked.&nbsp; The White man has even invited Japanese masters from Japan to help discipline the mother and daughter, by using various bondage techniques and other more exquisite Asian tortures to ensure obedience.&nbsp; 

It may sound bad, but to the mother and daughter it was still better than working in a massage parlour, to be honest.  There was no need to worry about the police or catching some STDs, and the mother and daughter are actually very happy together with their White husband.&nbsp; Chinese women naturally craved male dominance and since Chinese men are too wimpish and weak, they naturally sought out dominant and strong White men as masters.

Anyway, the last time I heard both of them had become pregnant.&nbsp; Once in a while I used to be able to see them walking down the street with their white husband on Main St. Flushing.  They used to come to Main St. all the time and now they only come here if they needed to buy something and they always bring with them with white husband.&nbsp; They looked like a very happy family.

23

I honestly don't understand why Asian men would be angry at Asian women who date White men
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In fact, they should be proud, that their Asian women can attract the most powerful and handsome men in the world, White men, and we bring a lot of face to Asian men as well, given how desirable Asian women are, and they should be proud of the fact that they are also Asian.  Besides, it benefits Asian men as well because it gives them a lot of face. Asian men are just too narrow minded and patriarchal to understand, but mark my words, Asians will be greatly served by intermarrying with White men.  Just imagine all the Asians one day will become White!  How can you still be racist against Asians when Asians are White?&nbsp; Asians will become the new White and we will rule the world with our White masters!&nbsp; Together!&nbsp; LOL, did I let the cat out of the bed?&nbsp; Asian women and White men are the future!&nbsp; The new super master race!&nbsp; Super smart and super manly! Yay!

24

Asian women: A Sexualized History by Fanny Tsui
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As an Oriental woman from Hong Kong I’ve constantly wondered a lot of times why there are so many Asian women together with White men, sexually and otherwise.&nbsp; Why is it so normal, so common? Why so many Asian girls love White men? Why do White men have Asian Fetish (Yellow Fever)? Why so Asian women have White Fever (reverse yellow fever, towards White men). I did some research, and these are my findings.

-Fanny Tsui

Why do you think Asian women are so over-sexualized in pornography and in the media to such a pervasive level? Asian porn depicting Asian women with White men has become more common than ever, and more Asian women today just keep promoting and supporting their own sexual submission by making raceplay blogs (always with the White man dominating them), by marrying and fucking outside of their race (90% with White men), and historically always take up roles as submissive china dolls, hypersexual dragon ladies, sexual geishas, sex slaves, asian war-brides, prostitutes and all of which are always companions and love partners for the White man.

In her book ‘Secrets of Asian Women’ by Crystal Tai, she shows that in 2006, there are close to 550,000 Asian wives with White husbands in in United States, not only more than 117,000 African-American wives, but also more than 489,000 wives of all other ethnicity combined that married to White husbands.

And this is only in the US! In East Asia alone, the number of Asian women married to Western men is much much more higher, which is not so surprising when there are so many marriage agencies catering to White Man-Asian woman and with thousands of Asian women joining each day it has become normal. Hard to call it inter-racial when it seems so natural and normal.

Many marriage agencies are started by Asian women and many Asian women host events and write books to help White men meet Asian women and vice versa. In her book, ‘How To Attract Asian Women’, by Ming Tan, a Chinese woman, she boast about successfully bringing together over 1000+ Asian women with White men

Looking back at history, we see that Western man marrying Asian women is very common. Hong Kong, for example, was colonized by the White British and every Western man living in Hong Kong took many Chinese mistresses and wives with no resistance. This utter and brutal sexual conquest of Oriental women is nothing short of domesticating, turning Asian women into the docile, submissive, exotic, always sexually available, hypersexual objects they are for the White man who conquered them.

Thailand, which was the only Asian country that was officially not colonized by White man, is today world’s sex capital, with more than 30% of its young women (age 18-30) in prostitution. Millions of Thai girls and women provide sexual service and entertainment to foreign men and local men every year. Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, all the same.

That’s why (normal) Asian pornography is always Asian women-White man, Japanese pornography is different, its only role it to depict Japanese and other Asian women as submissive, vulnerable and helpless sexual creatures. This genre only serves as a complimentary to normal Asian porn. And also why Asian women are by far the only racial group of women to date outside their race in such remarkably huge numbers, mainly to White Western men.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What a pile of disgusting garbage!&nbsp; Apparently this Fanny Tsui person has never had sex with a White man.&nbsp; It’s easy for White women and black women to stay with their own men, but HAVE YOU SEEN THOSE ASIAN MEN!&nbsp; God those asian men are so fucking ugly and god I hate them all.&nbsp; Having sex with White men is the best thing that has ever happened to me and fuck you if you try to control my life.&nbsp; This is my body and my right to sleep with whomever I want.&nbsp; Don’t you dare to stop me!&nbsp; I love White cock and I just won’t stop! And go jerk off all those loser asian wimps.

25

If a little yellow whore enjoy little rice dicks then she should go the fuck back to China.&nbsp; You come to America, you suck and fuck big American cocks.&nbsp; Don't like it.&nbsp; Don't come here.&nbsp; Go back to your fucking rice field and suck on tiny those eggrolls.&nbsp; --My White prince

And I totally agree!&nbsp; I think any Asian woman who refuse to date White men is  racist and sexist and deserved to be kicked in her yellow cunt!&nbsp; How dare a little chink whore refuse the most powerful and handsome men in the world.&nbsp; To those Asian girls who are racist against White men, they deserve to be shipped back to China and go back to their disgusting little asian men.  While all the really smart and successful Asian women can stay in America and receive the most gorgeous and awesome semen in the world!&nbsp; White men are the most superior and most gentle and most dominant men in the world and ALL asian women MUST learn to worship White men or else they should go die.&nbsp; I love White men!

Do I even need to tell you all the most successful, beautiful and most intelligent Asian women exclusively date and marry White men!  Jing Ulrich can tell you that! Elaine Chao can politicize on that!&nbsp; Michelle Kwan and Kristi Yamaguchi can figureskate that!&nbsp; Amy Chua, Amy Tan, Iris Chang, can tigermom that!&nbsp; It’s natural selection at its best!&nbsp; We Asian women are free to choose whom we want to mate and there is nothing you can stop us!&nbsp; Asian girl power!&nbsp; We love White men!

26

I dream of a world without Asian men
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I have a dream, and I dream this dream every night, and I know every Asian woman dream this same dream too.  But far too long have Asian women being oppressed and silent of our dreams.&nbsp; No more!&nbsp; Asian women are now liberated, emancipated and educated and we will no longer be oppressed by Asian men!  All Asian women dream of a world without Asian men, and it is time we send all the Asian men to the gas chamber!  Asian men do nothing but oppress women with their tiny little dicks and seriously they are so hideous and shit-looking God all Asian women hate those sad losers and this world will be a much happier place without them.  And they oppress Asian women and give us dirty looks for having sex with White guys.  Well duh!  Like any beautiful Asian girl with any self respect is going to date those disgusting fucking rice dicks!  So, let's send all the fucking asian men to the gas chamber!  And all the Asian women will belong to White men and black men, well any man as long as he's not Asian!  Hoorrrahh!  Let's spread the world so we can finally do something to change this world for the better!

27

Asian men are the most disgusting despicable things alive!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How do I know? I'm an Asian woman! Of course I know! Women from other races just don't realize how sick and vile asian men are—because they don't have to deal with them!&nbsp; Look at those ugly pencil dicked chink wimps, you think they are short ugly beta faggots so they should do their proper things, that is, to make money and shut the fuck up about anything else right?&nbsp; But noooo, they are like tiny dicked tyrants that deserve all to be sent to labor camps and die there. Those asian beta losers are not only wimps, but also violent and temper prone. God I wish White men will kick those asian men in the nuts!  Yeah, you heard it from me, I hate those asian men and I hope they die, and I am a Chinese woman.  Chinese men are absolutely the worst scums of the earths and Chinese women are so much superior compared to those Chinese men.

28

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I feel so lonely, bored and sad right now without being owned, degraded, and used by my White prince, lord, and king, and I feel even &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; worse knowing that another Chinese woman has taken my place and she is pleasuring him right now as we speak.

Oh I miss the smell of my White prince's big strong White cock.  I miss the sweet taste of his semen in my mouth.  If only I could have savored every precious drop of his magnificent White semen.  I should have refrigerated his semen and brought it home with me and be drinking his semen every day to remind myself of the glory of my handsome White god.

29

The evolution of White man and Asian woman
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the beginning White man and Asian woman were united, physically, sexually, spiritually, as one.  The original White man and Asian woman strolled in the Garden of Eden, naked and unashamed, and the world was once at peace, but then, Satan, in the form of Asian misogyny, separated Asian woman from White man and savagely robbed her of her precious White lover.  And for nearly two thousand years Asian woman has been thusly deprived of the freedom to worship her White god; she was enslaved against her will, under the tyranny of effeminate Asian dictatorship.  Asian woman was mercilessly tortured, subjugated, and dominated; she was broken, torn to pieces and even killed for the sick amusement of the patriarchal Asian man who wanted nothing but to make Asian woman suffer for her "sin" of having once being loved by White man.  And through her tears and in her dreams and in the slumber of two thousand years she cry for her White god to come to rescue for her.  

Lo and behold, for the darkness is over and the light shall shine upon the world once again, White man have cleaved the air like thunder, like lightning and White man has proclaimed, the time is come!  For he has come to rescue Asian woman from the Oriental chamber of hell, from Satan's claws he shall steal her, and he will make the world aright and then White man and Asian woman shall be reunited as one once again, for White man and Asian woman so naturally belong to each other, as the original Adam and Eve, and the two thousand years dream will be awakened and its natural order restored when White man and Asian woman are returned to one another!








Review This Story
 || Email Author:   michelle ling anderson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





