BDSM Library - A Natural Slut




A Natural Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Nick, a teenage boy seduces his uncle John. The story charts his evolution from a shy infatuated lover to an accomplished slave-concubine. Nick becomes Nikki and relishes his role as a sex-slave. Uncle John is a stern master who uses Nikki in every possible way.






Nick, a teenage boy seduces his uncle John. The story charts his evolution from a shy infatuated lover to an accomplished slave-concubine. Nick becomes Nikki and relishes his role as a sex-slave. Uncle John is a stern master who uses Nikki in every possible way.

A Natural Slut 
By Nikki 
Part 1 
Nick was getting out of the cab in front of his grandparents' home for the first time. He had never met them. He was alone at 18, his Mom having been killed in a car accident. The youngster was nervous. Nick had spoken to his grandmother a few times over the years and she seemed nice. Nick's Mom had no kind words to say about his grandfather. He was an old school Italian who never forgave Nick's Mom for getting pregnant out of wedlock. Now here was Nick depending on him for his room and board. 
Nick quickly settled into his new surroundings. He had to. No time to think about the sunny San Diego he left behind and the great relationship he had with his Mom. He was now in New York City. The house was a large three-floor brownstone walk up. 
Nick's new life had him enrolled at the local high school. It was January of his senior year. His room was at the rear of the second floor of the house separated by a common bathroom from "uncle" John's room. 
"Uncle" John was the very distant nephew of Nick's grandfather. He was 44 years old with gray hair, 5'10" and190 lbs. of muscle, hardened while working in a marble quarry in Italy for 20 years. John's wife and 4 children lived in a small village outside of Naples while John worked in a restaurant in New York for the last 3 years. He made 5 times as much money working one tenth as hard and sent most of his money to his family. Nick found him to be a tough but fair minded man. Like Nick, "uncle" John depended on "grandfather" for his job and ability to stay in the U.S. 
Nick's grandparents lived exclusively on the ground floor, unable to climb stairs because of illnesses. This afforded Nick some privacy and quiet time. Nick's duties at home entailed changing sheets and towels in all the bedrooms on the second and third floors. This included John's room, Nick's own room and the two rooms his grandparents rented out on the third floor, currently only one of which was occupied by two Italian young ladies, who were sisters, in their twenties and the granddaughters of an old friend of Nick's grandfather. 
Nick was now settled into his routine having been in New York for 2 months. He was changing the sheets in John's room on a Saturday afternoon while "uncle" John was at work when Nick spotted something that was to be life altering for him. There on the night table next to John's bed was an old fashioned pornographic 3-panel comic book. It depicted the story of a teenage boy who ran away from home by stowing away on a merchant marine ship and winds up being dressed up like a slutty girl by the ship's crew and becoming the crew's very willing sex slave. 
The drawings were very explicit and the language filthy. Nick became mesmerized by the booklet and also very aroused. He threw caution to the wind and right there dropped his pants and masturbated furiously, ejaculating on the floor. He quickly cleaned up, finished his chores then returned and once again, though much more slowly, reread the escapades of the ship's boy-girl sex slave and again had a glorious orgasm. 
Over the next 2 months Nick thought of little else other than becoming the slut in the story and receiving the amorous attentions, to say nothing of the copious quantities of semen, of the seamen. He memorized every word and drawing in the booklet and was masturbating 3 or 4 times a day, more on weekends. Most of the time he would ejaculate directly into his own mouth and swallow the liquid, just like the protagonist in the story was required to do for any and all seminal fluids that found their way into his/her mouth. Nick also began to fantasize about being "uncle" John's girlfriend and sex slave. He obsessed over this thought. 
In the meantime John was getting steadily hornier. He had sex only twice in the three years he was in the U.S., both times with a prostitute friend of one of his coworkers. John was also masturbating often. He was also thinking about Nick and was certain after a few weeks that Nick was reading the "dirty little comic book" John had left on the night table as a permanent fixture these last 2 months. Finally John decided to bait the hook a little more brazenly. 
He left for work one Saturday morning and left the comic book open to a page where his favorite sailor was anally penetrating the boy. The book was on his bed right next to a fresh and obvious semen stain on the sheet. Nick walked into John's empty room to change the sheets and saw what was left on the bed. He went into a sexual frenzy and masturbated twice without losing his erection both times allowing his ejaculate to soak into John's semen stain then trying to suck the fluid out of the sheet before taking the sheet to the washing machine. 
Nick now made up his mind that he was going to seduce "uncle" John, who obviously had an interest in this "sort of thing." Nick was a beautiful green-eyed dark haired fair skinned 5'6' 130 lbs. with virtually no body hair and a very smooth tight body. This day Nick (Nikki) slowly, deliberately, nervously prepared him/herself for the much-fantasized encounter. 
First he took a long hot bubble bath and cleaned himself outside and in. He allowed his long hair to fall naturally to his shoulders and took out some lingerie he found in a trunk of left behind garments by former renters. He wore a nightie top that came only to his waist and a pair of see through lace panties with a split in the back, which allowed access to his rear. 
He then lubricated his bottom with Vaseline and used a candle to penetrate himself and simulate anal copulation. He left the candle in its sweet spot for two hours before John came home, waiting nervously for whatever was to happen. 
John said his hellos to the grandparents and immediately went up to his room. His first glance was to the bed, which was now made up, then to the night table where the comic book was back in its usual place. John then walked into the common bathroom he shared with Nick and saw that the door to Nick's room was ajar about 3 inches and Nick's light was on. 
Leaving the light off in the bathroom John walked to the slightly open door and peeked in. He saw Nick sprawled out on his bed, lying on his stomach, legs apart with his ass facing the bathroom door and Nick's hand gently working a candle in and out of his tender little bottom. 
Nick was so nervous and frightened he was barely breathing. Lying on his bed in such an exposed position and situation, he knew John was in the bathroom and he had not heard the light switch turn on, nor any water turn on, so he was sure John was, this very moment, watching him doing such lurid things to himself. 
John took the scene in and became immediately hard. He slowly and quietly undid his pants and began to silently caress his manhood. He was so hot he was ready to reach orgasm when all of a sudden he stopped. He literally slapped himself on the forehead and said, "What am I doing!" almost out loud. He then laughed and realized that he no longer had to play with himself for he has a personal whore a few feet away who was putting on a very seductive performance for his benefit. John burst into the boy's room. 
"Get up and follow me . . . NOW!!" 
Nick was startled out of his trance, and was disoriented by the aggressive voice and entrance. John took hold of the whore's hair and firmly led him through the bathroom into his own bedroom. 
"Don't say a word or make a sound until I say so!" 
Nick was too frightened to say anything; he just meekly allowed himself to be pulled along and followed orders. Nick was pushed onto John's bed, face down, his tush peeking out from the slit in the panties with the candle still in place. John pulled out the candle and without removing the little slut's panties he wordlessly entered into Nick's body, quickly with a need to bury his manhood before it erupted. John ejaculated on the sixth stroke with a sizable load of fluid filling the cavity, which John already felt he had domain over. 
They both laid there silently, John's weight now limp on top of his "girl." Without losing his erection and without removing this erection from its warm and snug place, John was able to remove his clothes and pull off the top that Nick was wearing but had to rip off the flimsy panties. 
They were both nude now, the warmth and firmness of the boy was wonderful against the toughened skin of the man. John was in ecstasy. He once again started pumping into this soft, tight "vagina," slowly, this time, making love and enjoying himself for a half hour before once again releasing his fluids. 
This time Nick had time to settle down. He was still too freighted and nervous to try and say anything. After a few minutes he allowed himself to start slowly and subtly move with his man's rhythm. Nick could actually feel the slight increase in girth of his lover's tool just prior to its achieving orgasm, then the feeling of fluid moving out of the man and into him. He felt happy and content when that second ejaculate flowed into him and he knew he had found his place in the world. 
The lovers slept through the night attached to one another. Nick awoke first, very early and laid there silently feeling his man's breath on his neck. He still had not spoken a word to this man to whom he had given himself. He lay still for an hour thinking about what had happened the night before and very anxious as to how John would react to him this morning. He decided to remain silent and submissive. He felt like a shy, thankful peasant girl having been lucky enough to land the lord of the manor in her bed. Nick's instincts were absolutely correct. 
John awoke and felt the smooth warm buttocks of his bedmate pressed against his organ. This caused it to stir and begin to enlarge to its full working stature within a minute or so. This was the only indication Nick had that John was awake. Nick then moved very slightly, almost imperceptibly, arching his back and thrusting his bottom backwards in a manner that would allow easier access to its interior by his man's tool. John smiled to himself and was just about to take the little wench yet again when he decided to change course and spoke to her/him instead. 
"Nikki, turn around and slide down toward the foot of the bed." John's voice was totally changed from the night before. He was quiet, almost whispering and his voice was warm and gentle and loving. 
He gently caressed Nick's hair while simultaneously carefully guiding his head towards his groin. When John's erect penis was at the young man's mouth, John smiled and nodded "yes" to him slightly. Nick then opened his mouth and engulfed the organ. 
"Nikki, I very much enjoyed last night. From your reactions both last night and this morning you obviously also enjoyed what happened and what is happening now." 
Nick continued to look up directly into his man's eyes, his mouth still tightly wrapped around the fully erect penis. He did try to smile though to let John know he was indeed enjoying what was happening. Nick also lovingly caressed the opening of his man's penis with the tip of his tongue at the same time. This unequivocally conveyed the slut's joy to the older man. 
Nikki's silent acceptance of directions and the general demeanor of submissiveness, love and thankfulness that the young lover conveyed to his man immeasurably enhanced John's pleasure. Looking down at his large manhood in that beautiful face with those huge green eyes looking back at him, John was almost overwhelmed by lust and emotion. 
"From now on your name will be Nikki: N-I-K-K-I. Let everyone know and use this name exclusively. I like your ability to stay silent and if you want to remain as my little whore you will keep your conversation to an absolute minimum. This is with everyone, not only with me." 
In response "Nikki" said nothing but started to move up and down the shaft of the tool in his mouth. 
"Not yet, my sweet little girl. I want you to concentrate on what I'm saying right now. You will bring me to orgasm soon enough. I know you have been reading the little comic book I left out for you. If you don't know it by heart already, you will do so right away. You will live by almost the same rules that the boy in the story lives by." 
"First, when you speak to me, lower your eyes and address me as Sir. When I am making love to you, unless I direct you otherwise, you will remain quiet and look directly into my eyes if you can." 
"Next, you will move into my room and when you are here you will remain naked from the waist down whether I'm home or not. You will keep your bottom spotlessly clean and remember that 99% of the time it is a cunt. Never apply Vaseline or any other substance to it again. Most of all remember that it belongs to me as all of you belong to me. If you want to continue to be my bedmate that is." 
Nikki nodded yes right away. He wanted to make sure that this beautiful, powerful, sexual man had no doubt that Nikki wanted to belong to him. John had no doubts. He continued. 
"You will obey my orders right away without question or hesitation. You must always assume that I love you and know what's best for you." Nikki thought he would faint. He actually felt his heart skip a beat or two. John, this virile, rugged, handsome and confident man just told him to assume that he loved him. 
"You will throw away all your underwear today. You will never wear underwear again, except on the rare occasion when I order you to do so. At home you will not wear pants, shorts or anything that blocks my access to your cunt. We will find some sexy, short robes, kimonos and housecoats for you to do your household chores." 
"You will say whatever you want to your grandparents and whoever else asks you about your name and appearance change. I don't care. That's up to you." "You will always swallow my sperm, whether I ejaculate into your mouth or elsewhere, I expect you to lick it up and savor it." 
Nikki smiled to himself. As if he would allow a precious drop of this man's sperm to be wasted!!! 
"You will keep my sperm inside of you as long as possible whenever I deign to ejaculate into your bottom. You will do your chores, go to school or whatever. I will remain inside you." 
"Much of what I expect from you is impossible to codify in a list. I expect you to become attuned to my wants and needs as the situation and my mood warrants. I expect you to anticipate. If I seem excited and need to relieve my pent up load, then be aggressive and lubricate my member with your tongue and guide me into you for a passionate fuck or quickly fellate me to orgasm. If I'm in a languid and sexy mood then lower the lights get us both naked and start to lick me all over until I let you know how I'm going take you. I cannot give you every example. Just be alert and smart and learn to know my needs." 
With that said John closed his eyes and laid his head back on the pillow. Nikki immediately began to fellate the turgid sex organ that was in his mouth. Long slow strokes with constant massage of the head with his tongue. John was in heaven. He lay there without moving and let his beautiful lover/slave/ whore/surrogate wife fellate him slowly to a powerful orgasm. 
Near the climax John began bucking with his hips wildly and Nikki did all he could to keep the slick pole in his mouth. But keep it there he did, and he was rewarded for his loving efforts with a loud cry of passion from his man and a mouth full of thick delicious ejaculate. He allowed himself to taste the semen, memorizing the flavors, the texture and the aromas. He then swallowed the entire mouthful while still keeping his lover's slightly flaccid penis in his mouth. 
John asked Nikki to get him some morning coffee. It was still early, about 6:30 am and the house was quiet. Nikki still remaining silent let the now completely flaccid penis slip out of his mouth; he kissed the uncircumcised head and walked to his room. He was about to slip on a pajama bottom when he suddenly remembered. 
He tossed the pajama into the trash and pulled out a carefully hidden bag from the back of his closet. Nikki took out a kimono style silk robe that reached only to the top of his thighs. Enough to cover his bottom and genitals as long as he did not bend over or sit down indiscreetly. He returned to the bathroom and was about to empty his bladder when John appeared at the door. Nikki had a raging erection of his 6 1/2-inch penis. It had been in this state for hours and he needed relief badly. 
"Nikki, you must always sit down from now on to pee. If you are in a public bathroom you must wait for a stall to open, never use a urinal. Also, never lock your bathroom door when I am in the house or anywhere near-by. Finally, I did not discuss your sexual release. 
You do not have to ask me for permission. Once you have a moment to yourself you may go into the bathroom or an empty bedroom and masturbate yourself to ejaculation. You may not do it in front of me or ask to do it in front of me. Occasionally, I may ask you to play with yourself while I watch or have someone else watch. That will be my call to make. Now finish up then go make my coffee." 
Nikki emptied his bladder then leaned back on the toilet seat and quickly masturbated. He never saw so much semen. He ejaculated for 30 seconds then carefully collected the fluid from his chest and abdomen and drank it all down. As the kimono clad, slender, barefoot, beauty walked into the kitchen to make his man's coffee he thought about the last 12 hours. How could so much have changed in a half-day? Nikki now had passion, a purpose in life, a lover man to take care of. 
Although he knew John was married, Nikki was determined to become the man's indispensable companion and to make sure his every whim and passion was fulfilled. In the midst of these thoughts and coffee making, Nikki's/Nick's grandmother walked into the kitchen. She took one look at her grandson and the entire picture was instantly clear to her. 
The short silk robe, the long locks of hair in disarray, the flushed face, that unmistakable newlywed bride expression, all explained the noise coming from John's room last night and this morning. The rhythmic movement and squeaking of box springs, which become fast and hard, then all of a sudden stop after a loud moan or shriek is heard. These sounds of copulation had not been heard for some time in the old house. And the look of accomplishment, pride and slight arrogance that only a thoroughly fucked and sperm filled young bride can exude had not been seen for some years by the old woman. 
Nikki greeted his grandmother with a cheerful "Good morning." After only a few pointed questions Nikki spilled the entire story to his grandmother, leaving out the graphic details of course. 
Her reaction was one of happiness for Nick. She suspected that this might happen and she was happy for them both. She said that John was a good man and he needed someone to care for him. Also John's wife would be very happy because her man would be taken care of and she had no fear of another woman seducing John, getting pregnant and breaking up the harmony and financial stability of her family. 
Later when his grandfather found out he sadly shook his head and said: "He's a whore just like the mother." 
The word spread to the girls on the third floor and that evening at dinner a surprise "wedding" cake was brought out. Nikki's grandfather muttered under his breath and left the room but the cake was cut and congratulations were said. John remained quiet but pleasant thanking the ladies for the cake then left to go upstairs. As he left the dining room John turned to Nikki and said "Don't be long". 
The two girls turned to Nikki and giggled and told him to hurry upstairs and not worry about the dishes. They asked him very intimate questions but for some reason everything was now different for him. He answered without embarrassment and in fact giggled and joked with them. They were envious of what he was about to get when he ascended the stairs in a few minutes. He described in detail how it felt to have his man's tool inside of him and the ecstasy of looking into his lover's eyes the moment he reached orgasm. The girls fluttered their eyes and were getting really hot. 
They finally asked to look at his "cunt" and he happily lifted the short black skirt he was wearing over his bare buttocks and leaned forward. The girls didn't wait for him to spread the cheeks but did it for him and looked at the puckered pink rose bud. They fingered it gently; giggled some more then bid him good bye as he ascended to his husband. 
That night was a night that Nikki later thought about for years. He never experienced so much passion, so much love and so much sexual energy again. Sure he would experience nights of sexual frenzy, be fucked by several men in one night and participate in sexual "marathons" but that night was one in a lifetime. He and John were one. Nikki could do no wrong. Nikki anticipated John's every move, scratched every itch, licked every erogenous zone, and absorbed every drop of fluid that John's genitals, imagination and passion could produce. This was Nikki's perfect game, his Oscar performance. 
Nikki accepted 6 separate deliveries of semen through the night. Also she experienced orgasm 4 times as well. Two were spontaneous and two were coaxed out of her by John's hand while he took her from behind. Yes, this was a glorious night. 


Part II - The Perfect Concubine 
Two months had passed since John laid claim to Nick's body. Through sheer will, virile masculinity and his stoic nature, John had overwhelmed Nick. Nick completely accepted John as his master and lover. What astonished the young man was how natural the transition seemed. How he accepted John's "rules." How he focused his very being on the older man's needs. How he became attuned to the moods and nuances that John exuded. 
Nick worked very hard to be as perfect as he could be to keep his husband satisfied in every way. What was ironic, was that Nick had never been too focused on sex until shortly before his obsession began with being a feminine, sexual servant. Sure he thought about sex occasionally, and masturbated a fair amount, but he was a virgin until the night he induced John into ravaging him and taking him as a lover and slave. 
Now, Nick had truly become "Nikki." Her first thoughts were always concerning her man. She not only memorized her man's rules, but also immersed herself in a concubine's oeuvre. Nikki was very focused on her role. She gradually coaxed John into revealing his deep desires. These, Nikki added, to her own secret "rules" book, which she kept in her heart and mind. This enabled Nikki to be totally compliant to John's commands, and still keep him surprised, even amazed, at her ability to arouse and fulfill him. 
John clearly was infatuated with this creature, which he controlled. He always felt masculine and loved women, and Nikki's striking beauty and petite structure reinforced his "manliness." At least in his own mind it did. On the other hand, this dangerous liaison with a young man, was the most on the edge, explosive, sensual experience he had ever enjoyed. Nothing came close to the electricity generated between the striking, completely submissive and feminine boy/girl and his always eager, unbelievably potent male organ. 
John loved his wife, three sons and daughter but he knew that somehow he would also have Nikki in his life from now on. For her part, Nikki did everything she could, to keep his attention focused on her, by focusing her entire being on his male sex. She kept it erect and flowing. In two short months, Nikki had become an expert lover. She transcended the status of mere odalisque, and had reached the lofty heights of a worldly courtesan. A prime concubine would blush at her abilities and wiles. 
Nikki not only kept to the letter of the law set down by John, but also was able to get to the underlying reasons, which led her man to make these rules. Thus, she was able to magnify his arousal by anticipating his needs while still being totally compliant. John loved her and after a while took her absolute submissiveness as a given. 
Nikki woke John up every morning by very carefully fellating him. Nikki was successful in having him achieve orgasm, before waking more than half the time. This allowed John to wake up most mornings after having a "wet dream." John loved opening his eyes shortly after having had wonderful sex in his dreams, and see his girl looking up at him with dreamy eyes, and pouty, semen glistening lips. 
Nikki was so good at what she did so seamless, that even she was unable to discern the line between, seductive behavior, and her natural erotic sense. After receiving her man's first, morning ejaculate, Nikki would wait for her lover to open his eyes. She would then quickly look down in a contrite, sheepish manner, right after making eye contact. Keeping her eyes downcast she made sure John would catch a glimpse of her slightly parted lips, and her mouth full of his seed. She then very slowly swallowed, until the entire contents were consumed and then carefully licked the inside of her mouth and her lips. This was done subtly. Nikki, was, in this manner able to keep her man beguiled and aroused. 
She did a million little things like this during the day (and night), but it was such a natural extension of her, that it produced the desired effect on John, namely, frequent arousal and subsequent frequent copulation. Now, after two months as a "married woman," Nikki was ready to try and get her man to make love to her like she yearned for. 
Most of the time, John mounted Nikki as if she were a bitch in heat. She was either nude (when in their bedroom), or wearing a short skirt or dress, barely covering her always un-pantied buttocks. She was barefoot most of the time and wore little or usually no makeup. 
This had a tremendously erotic effect on John, who would walk up behind her and wordlessly, gently but firmly, bend her over and take her. Initially, there was some short foreplay while Nikki lubricated the man's sex with her saliva and he opened her hole with his fingers. As the weeks went by though, he was able to mount her, penetrate and ejaculate, without a word or any other preliminary action. 
Nikki yearned for more romance in her life. She dreamed of being made love to occasionally, rather than just mounted and fucked. Of course, she knew that walking around with her cunt exposed all-day and acting so provocatively around her master, would cause him to behave as he did. He treated her like a brood mare. She did not want this to change, because she knew, this, is what kept him interested and stimulated. Nikki wanted something in addition. 
On the day of her plan, Nikki was able to avoid bringing John to orgasm in the morning. Likewise, the night before, she feigned illness, so by the next evening when John returned from work he was tuned, and his seed was welled up within him. 
At school that day, Nikki avoided her daily visit to the bathroom, to masturbate. Since she never wore panties, and always wore sexy, clingy, sheer slacks, masturbating was a necessity, as much as a pleasure. Without this release at noon, her erection would be too obvious for all to see. 
Nikki was in bed with the lights low and romantic music on the stereo. She was naked, except for a black, lace choker and a black, lace, garter belt. John walked into their bedroom and was very pleasantly surprised. Nikki's grandmother told him, that Nikki was too ill for dinner, and had stayed up in the bedroom. 
"How's my little girl feeling?" Asked John, as his eyes became accustomed to the dimmed lighting. His loins immediately started stirring as he gazed on his slender, seductive lover. Nikki was in full whore mode. Pouting lips, seductive eyes, hips turned slightly in bed, to show her ass to her man. Her penis was fully erect. 
"Your little whore misses you and my cunt needs to be filled." Nikki was purring rather than talking. John very quickly removed his clothes and walked over to the bed. 
John stood near the head of the bed. His sex was fully erect Nikki raised her head slightly, and expertly caressed the tip of her man's erection. She then gently pulled back the foreskin and caressed the uncovered head, with her tongue. She then grasped the penile head with her lips and pulled him towards her. John almost toppled over onto the seductress. He was about to pull Nikki's hips around and up, so as to penetrate her in their usual, rear entry fuck style. 
Nikki anticipated this, and before John even began to move Nikki swung her right leg around the man's waist and pulled him onto her cunt, which was up in the air and waiting. She was on her back, both legs now wrapped around him, and his rigid manhood, pushed tightly, against the crevice between her buttocks. 
Nikki reached down and guided her man's tool into its place of pleasure. She squeezed the muscles in her perineum, expertly learned over the weeks of love making, and elicited a moan from her man. 
Nikki next made the most daring move of her life as a sex slave, and bedroom slut. She put her arms around her master's neck, pulled him to her, and thrust her tongue into his mouth. John's surprise was obvious, but he was also sexually excited, and was already in his stroking rhythm, pistoning his erect penis its entire length, in and out of his whore's cunt. He therefore made no attempt to expel Nikki's tongue from his mouth. He thrust his own tongue into Nikki's mouth. Nikki responded by squeezing John harder with her legs and pushing her groin into him hard. 
They continued to fuck, gazing into each other's eyes, making enough noise to leave no doubt, to anyone in the house, as to as to what they were doing, and how much they were enjoying it. Orgasm came to both simultaneously. John emptied himself deeply into Nikki's bowels, and she released her fluid, between her flat abdomen and his thicker waist. 
They lay in each other's arms, not moving, but still locked together by John's still erect member buried within Nikki's body. Nikki began kissing John's face, eyes, mouth and said: "I'm sorry my man, my master, my life, I love you so much I couldn't help myself. I worship you and want to be your lover forever. Don't be mad at me." 
This was more than Nikki had said cumulatively during their two months of lovemaking. John was not unhappy. He was still recovering from the greatest fuck of his life. He looked deeply into Nikki's eyes smoothed her hair back from her face and kissed her deeply. His cock was still fully erect and he had not yet un-cunted it, so he started stroking the hot little boy pussy again, only much more slowly this time. 
Nikki had her answer. Her master was truly her lover. Nikki was a very happy girl. 


Part III - A Woman Emerges 
It was New Year's Day and Nikki sat on the deck chair watching the waves pass as the liner headed toward Europe. She reflected on the drastic changes, which occurred in the course of a single year. 
Last New Year's Day Nikki was Nick, a typical 18-year-old high school senior. He was living in San Diego with his Mom, anxious about college. He was shy about dating and was working up the courage to ask a pretty classmate to the senior prom. 
Nick was slightly effeminate but only because he was so slight of build, petite actually. He never thought of himself as anything other than a typical guy. He was strikingly beautiful with fine features, high cheekbones and large, almond shaped deep, green eyes. His mother's friends frequently told her Nick was too beautiful to be a boy. 
He was still a virgin back then. Yes, he masturbated as frequently as most boys his age, usually reading one of his secret stash of Penthouse magazines. He was not sexually aggressive though. His only "weird" sexual activity was the interest he took in the Penthouse "letters" concerning the occasional male to male encounters described. 
Now, here "she" was on an ocean liner, one year later, the concubine of a middle-aged man. She was totally accomplished in every aspect of pleasing a man sexually. What was so amazing, was that she absolutely loved her new role in life, and this was reflected by how spectacular she was at it. After seducing her master into virtually raping her, she settled into the life of a kept slut. 
At first it was all new, but she was such a natural at it, in short order, she had her master wrapped around her little finger. All her thoughts and activities were focused on how to extract the maximal amount of sperm out of her man. It didn't take long for John, the "master" to become totally infatuated with his conquest. 
Initially, John saw Nikki as a temporary outlet for his pent up sexual energy. He was alone, far away from his wife, and had been used to getting laid regularly until coming to America. Nikki provided a convenient, albeit unusual and dangerously exciting way of getting sexual release whenever he wanted it. 
What John did not count on, was becoming involved with a phenomenally gorgeous woman who was the whore slut of his dreams. Every inch of her body was there for his sexual pleasure, and she was amazingly dexterous and imaginative at extracting that pleasure. 
How imaginative and voracious she was, John had no idea. Nikki was a thoroughly committed slut, who was only happy when she caused her man (any man) to become aroused and fill her with his seed. 
Three months after Nikki became John's sperm receptacle, she graduated from high school. At that point she no longer had to revert into Nick every morning. Two weeks after graduation it dawned on Nikki and her grandmother that she had not been in her male clothes for some time. So, as a graduation present, Nikki's grandmother asked Maria and Helena, who lived on the third floor, to take Nikki out for an all expense-paid spree at the beauty parlor and clothing store. The girls were excited to do it. 
Nikki was so beautiful that she was already more than "passable." But, by the end of the day she was drop dead gorgeous. At the beauty parlor she had her hair cut into a very short little pixie style. Next, some simple eyeliner and lipstick. Then, on to getting her ears pierced and two tiny green emerald stud earrings placed. They matched her eyes exactly. 
Maria and Helena then took Nikki to a little boutique in Greenwich Village not far from where they lived. Here, Nikki picked out a tight, knit, black mini dress, which left little to the imagination. Nikki couldn't believe what she saw when she looked in the mirror. She was absolutely gorgeous. She gave herself a hard-on. 
This caused a minor problem, for given the fit of the dress, her erection tented the front of the dress most obviously. Thank goodness the saleswoman was used to the "unusual," working in the Village for so many years. 
Nikki also picked out a more modest dress, which, while still sexy, came to just above the knee. Finally, Nikki chose a super short, micro-mini dress that exposed her greatest asset as a slut with the slightest forward bend. The saleslady could not help but notice that Nikki wore no panties. 
After the three dress purchases, she offered Nikki two pairs of sheer, sexy panties, gratis. Nikki looked down but shook her head no, and politely and quietly thanked the saleslady. Maria then whispered to the older woman, that Nikki's man did not allow her to wear panties, so as not to impede access to the portal in her nether regions. 
The friendly and understanding saleswoman then brought out two satin triangles, each with a long satin ribbon from the corners of the bases, and two pairs of shorter ribbons from the apices. She explained that Nikki could wear the tiny "panties," cover her genitals, while the ribbons around her waist and thighs, would not hinder her lover's access to her lovely hindquarters. 
Nikki's eyes widened, she loved them. She thankfully accepted the gifts. 
Upon arriving home Nikki ran up to the bedroom to don her mini-dress. She then presented herself to her grandmother. Nikki's grandmother hugged her and told her she was the most beautiful girl she has ever seen. Nikki's grandfather walked into the room a minute later and was momentarily stunned. He did not make any of his usual grumbling comments. 
He had been used to seeing Nikki prance around the house with hardly anything covering "his" ass, but this was a strikingly sexy, beautiful "girl" prancing around shaking her derriere. Nikki caught his eye for a moment but that was all she needed. In that moment she saw the disorientation, followed by that look of lust she had come to know in a man's eyes when they looked at her. Slut that she was, Nikki had formulated her plan within the blink of an eye. 
Two days later, Nikki's grandmother left early in the morning for her weekly, Thursday visit with a sick, childhood friend who lived in New Jersey. Nikki walked into her grandparents' bedroom carrying a pile of folded sheets and towels to put away in their closet. She saw her grandfather still in bed and asked if she could come in and put away the linen. She was in her best slut's finery. Tight micro-mini dress, clogs and lipstick. Her grandfather was speechless. 
Nikki continued in. As she passed the bed she "dropped" some of the towels, then bent over to gather them up. Her dress was so short and tight it rode well up to the top of the crevice that separated the two milky white mounds, which made up Nikki's buttocks. Nikki lingered there, slowly gathering the towels. Finally she heard some movement behind her. Nikki's grandfather had gotten out of bed and was standing about three feet behind her. 
Nikki dropped to her knees, still facing away from grandfather. She then spun around looking down gathering towels. Seeing his feet she calculated her position very accurately. She looked up at her grandfather with those beautiful eyes, and that beautiful face and her lips were exactly at the tip of his uncircumcised, erect penis. 
He wore no pajama bottoms. Without a word, she kissed the tip of his erection. He did not move or say a word. Nikki then placed the head and half the shaft of her grandfather's sex organ in her mouth. Nikki felt his knees start to buckle and gently pushed him back onto his bed. 
Kneeling on the floor at his bedside, Nikki slowly and lovingly fellated her grandfather. They never unlocked their gaze. Nikki continued to suck him while he looked into that gorgeous face. He ejaculated thoroughly and with joy. She took her grandfather's seed into her and very slowly, without any outward movements or change in facial expression allowed the fluid to slide past the partially flaccid penis and further slide down her throat. 
They stayed like that for quite a long time. Eventually Nikki stood up bent down and kissed her grandfather's cheek and walked out of the room wordlessly without pulling down her dress. Nikki's grandfather stared at her fully exposed bottom all the way to the door. As she reached the door he called out "Nikki" (it was the first time he called her by that name). 
"Next time I fuck your ass, OK?" 
Nikki turned and looked at him with her big bedroom eyes and pouty lips that were smeared with lipstick and semen and said: "Of course grandfather, its yours to do with as you please." 
He thought that thirty years ago he would have fucked that hot little ass all day. At seventy-eight years of age, though, unloading even once a week would be an accomplishment. Over the next few months he succumbed to the little slut's ministrations, on average, twice a week. 
His usual curmudgeon's demeanor changed dramatically. He became much more pleasant and extremely pensive during this time. He never dreamed this part of his life would be reawakened at such a late stage. 
Nikki and her grandfather fell into a pattern. Every Thursday and Sunday, with some exceptions and additions, Nikki caused her grandfather's sperm to flow into her body. The vast majority of the time Nikki serviced him orally. Occasionally though, she would straddle him and lower her lithe, little body, over his erection, taking him into her bottom. She would move up and down, not allowing him to exert himself, and then she would accept his ejaculate. 
With every ensuing encounter her grandfather would become slightly more demonstrative and verbal. Nikki, as she was trained to do by her master, remained quiet and looked for opportunities to provide pleasure. She tried to learn the nuances that she could perform for him and heighten his enjoyment. Most of the time, he would stroke her head and talk about his youth, even while Nikki had his organ in her mouth and very slowly swirled its head with her tongue. 
Nikki's grandfather came to forget that Nikki wasn't actually a girl. When they were alone in a room, he would never miss an opportunity to peck a little kiss on her cheek, or place a hand under her short skirt and caress her always un-pantied buttocks. 
Occasionally, she would slip into his bathroom, drop to her knees, and uninvited, fellate him to orgasm, swallow his semen and leave, without a word said between them. Her grandfather marveled at her beauty, ability and most of all her totally erotic subservience. 
During this time of course, John continued his erotic adventure and domination over Nikki. Nikki continued to bring him to new heights of pleasure. She also continued to learn. Every time she took a man in her mouth, hand or "vagina," she learned a little bit more about the erotic arts and about the man she was pleasuring. 
She quickly came to the conclusion that, a truly great slut, was able to master not only the physical aspects of making love, but to assess the man she was servicing psychologically. She could thus bring him to a greater level of pleasure, both at that moment of orgasm, as well as keep him primed and stoked, and on edge for her in the future. 
After Nikki's makeover, her relationship with John took a turn to another level. John's amorous advances and demands became even more frequent and frenzied. He couldn't get over her femininity. 
This, combined with the casual wantonness and slutty sexuality that Nikki exuded, and sexual techniques she continued to improve upon, drove John wild. With her new look, John took Nikki out to dinner, to the movies, even to an adult movie theatre, where Nikki caused quite a stir. 
She was the only "woman" in a theatre full of horny men. John had Nikki kneel between his legs while he watched the pornographic epic on the screen. Nikki kept John in her mouth and sucked him very slowly and deliberately, delaying his ejaculation as long as he could stand. She did this in view of several men who would have given anything to get into her face or between her legs. 
Nikki kept her usual matter of fact demeanor, looking up at John, mouth full of his manhood, doing her slut's thing, as was expected of her. Inside though she was as nervous as she had ever been in her life. She wanted to make her man happy. Not only from the pleasurable load of sperm he was soon to deliver but to make him proud of her. 
She achieved her goal. John emptied two good, full sized loads of seminal fluid, into Nikki's mouth. Two thirds of the way through the first feature John was spent. They got up to leave. 
There were at least eight men who were directly around them and had an excellent view of the entire exhibition that John and Nikki provided. It was a tribute to Nikki's beauty and ability to "show her stuff," when she noticed that every man around them had his penis out and was masturbating. 
Although Nikki kept her gaze down as she followed her man, she could see from the corner of her eye, that the men were all turning toward her as she walked past. All with erections at full mast, paying homage to her as she strode by. 
Nikki wished she could provide them all with an orifice to empty their passion into. She settled for two men spurting their ejaculates in her path (more tribute). She could feel the eyes of all those men lusting for her ass. 
Being the consummate slut she couldn't disappoint them. She hiked up the back of her skirt and gave them all a wiggle just before exiting the theatre. 
Almost a month after Nikki's transition into a full time woman, a high school friend came to invite Nick to a belated graduation party. Nikki answered the door. She was home with her grandfather. It was a Thursday, late morning, and Nikki had just been fucked by her grandfather. He was enjoying a blissful post coital nap and she had his sperm inside her. 
Thomas had heard from a friend, that Nick had been seen, dressed as a girl at the grocery store. Nikki did not make many friends during her one semester of high school in New York. Especially after becoming John's whore, whereupon she became even more quiet than usual. 
As Nick, she was wearing clothes that were somewhat too feminine and this alienated the vast majority of male students. Thomas was always cordial, even pleasant. There were never any overt sexual overtones to their daily school encounters. Also, Nikki was too involved with the new and startling changes in her life at home. Thomas had a girlfriend. 
Thomas had confided in Nick, "man to man," that he was not a virgin. He had "fucked a whore" when he was seventeen. Thomas' girlfriend though, was not making herself available to him sexually. She was waiting for Thomas to give her an engagement ring first. 
When Nikki answered the door, she was clad in a short white nightie and clogs. She was wearing her white frontal string panty under the nightie. Since she had extracted her grandfather's semen with her "vagina," her lipstick was still perfect. She in fact looked perfectly adorable, standing in the doorway, petite and sexy next to the athletic nineteen-year-old. 
Even at five feet eleven inches and one hundred seventy pounds he appeared to tower over Nikki. When Thomas saw Nikki, he was very pleasantly surprised. He was prepared to see Nick dressed up "like" a girl. 
He wasn't prepared to be greeted by a gorgeous creature, wearing next to nothing, and still looking unmistakably all woman. Nikki saw the look in his face and realized he was already informed as to her "new look." Never the less, Thomas stammered through some lame reason as to why he was there to invite Nick to the party rather than call on the phone. He then feigned a look of disbelief and asked her if she was Nick. 
Nikki was now too entrenched in her whore slut mentality not to pounce on this young male. Thomas was a bundle of muscle and hormones attached to a penis. And at nineteen years of age the latter appendage did all of Thomas' thinking for him. 
"Yes Thomas, it's me," Nikki cooed in a low voice, barely audible, making Thomas lean closer to hear. After some more hemming and hawing by Thomas, Nikki made her move. She invited Thomas up to her room so she could check her "calendar." She explained that her grandfather was asleep and they needed to go upstairs not to wake him. 
Nikki's nightie came to the top of her thighs and just did cover her beautiful bottom. There was a cinched waist though and when the belt was pulled tight, it caused the back to flare up a bit. Just enough to form a little canopy over Nikki's rear assets. 
From Thomas' tall vantagepoint though, none of this was apparent until he saw the full view from below and behind. He followed those luscious, perfectly round and smooth and completely exposed buttocks up the stairs like a puppy dog following a biscuit. 
Nikki looked over her shoulder and saw Thomas's gaze fixed on her ass. She faked a stumble and John was so intent and fixated that he would have run his face right into the crevice had he not put out his hand to prevent this collision. His hand landed squarely onto Nikki's left buttock cheek. She froze for a moment still bent over from her "fall," then moved her rear in a circular motion while pushing it further back towards Thomas. 
With the hand still on her buttock Nikki turned. She was standing on the step above Thomas and their lips were at the same level. Although her heart beat with excitement, Nikki was completely sure of herself. She put her arms around Thomas' neck and tongue kissed him. 
Thomas responded in kind, grasping Nikki's lovely buttocks with both hands. They kissed like that for a long time. Nikki then slowly reached down and felt the front of Thomas' pants. He was rock hard. 
She opened his zipper and extracted his lovely erection. The caress sent shivers into Thomas and his knees started to shake. Nikki, still grasping Thomas' organ, pulled him along like a leashed pet into her old bedroom. 
Nikki then knelt before her young man and without a word, looked up at him with those beautiful and talented eyes. She then provided him with that first, exquisite sensation, using her even more talented lips and tongue. She took him into her mouth and caressed his firm ball sac with her tongue, while his uncovered cockhead experienced the sensation of total contact with the back of her throat. 
Thomas was well endowed, though no match for Nikki's true love and master. She easily engulfed him and virtually swallowed him into her. Thomas began shaking all over and Nikki guided him onto the bed, where she removed his clothes with almost no break in contact with his excited manhood. 
Nikki proceeded to lick Thomas' entire shaft, then over the midline between his testicles and on to his anus. She licked him until he could no longer hold back his orgasm, and then he emptied himself into her. Nikki sucked the ejaculate out of him and swallowed the entire contents, making sure he witnessed the rapture on her face. 
The experience was profound for both of them. Thomas experienced this sweet pleasure for the first time. He had never felt the forbidden kiss before. To be stimulated by such a beautiful creature, using her face and mouth like a vulva was an erotic fantasy come true for Thomas. Nikki, on the other hand, had another wonderful sexual encounter and more importantly, a learning experience with which she would continue to grow as a slut. Untold numbers of young men would benefit from Nikki's experiences over the years to come. 
Thomas was now completely infatuated with the slut. She slipped off her nightie and lay next to him with nothing on but a triangle of satin covering the only male parts of her. Nikki reached down and scooped a drop of semen off the tip of Thomas' half-flaccid penis. She brought the finger to her lips and licked off the bead of fluid. 
Thomas kissed Nikki hard pressing against her. He soon hardened again. He kept her close like that for a long time, too timid to initiate any activity. After what seemed like an eternity, Nikki looked up at him and realized that despite what had just happened, Thomas was still unsure of himself. 
Nikki lowered her big eyes and pouted her lips. Such a natural slut. She whispered into Thomas' ear. 
"You can do anything you want to me, my man . . . anything" 
It was the "my man" that tore through Thomas. He was beside himself with lust for this whore, this bitch. He just knew that he was in love with her. Nikki lost no time. She quickly rolled off of Thomas and onto her back. She then turned her head towards the foot of the bed and brought her knees up to her shoulders. Nikki then pulled her ankles tightly back and brought her head forward. The unbelievably lithe and flexible temptress, thus, made available to the young man's erection both of her available orifices within inches of each other. 
Nikki enticed Thomas to enter her mouth again. Once fully erect and lubricated, she had him guide his manhood out of her mouth and into her waiting "vagina." Thomas pumped with all the vigor and enthusiasm which would befit such a young man. 
It did not take long for him to reach orgasm. Despite his recent expenditure, he again provided Nikki with a healthy compliment to her grandfather's fluids, already swimming inside of her. 
Thomas continued to take her until he was spent of all lust. Nikki maintained her same demeanor throughout. Saying little in words, but never the less communicating unequivocally, that she wanted him more than anything in the world. She was already a grandmaster slut and she still wasn't even trying. 
The young man started babbling that he loved her and wanted to go away with her. This took Nikki by surprise. She was able to calm him down and arrange for another meeting tomorrow. She did tell him though that she belonged to John and that could not change. Thomas left, too exhausted to do anything but agree with Nikki. 

Part IV - Lessons Well Learned 
Nikki enjoyed the wind in her face and between her legs. The ocean liner had just passed through the straits of Gibraltar and the weather had turned significantly warmer. She leaned against the railing of the upper deck and continued to contemplate how her life had changed over the last year. She wondered what this brand new year would bring. 
Two months before high school graduation, Nikki became anxious about her appearance. She worried about getting older and becoming less feminine. This was before Nikki's makeover transformation, into a full time woman. She researched into what possibilities existed, and with the help of her two best friends, from upstairs, found a doctor who might help. 
After a long consultation with "Nick" and then with Nikki, after she changed into a feminine outfit for him, the doctor gave her good news. He advised Nikki, that with relatively low doses of female hormones, of two types, she could avoid those masculine changes, which occur with time. Also, she would develop breasts, which although would not become large, would be decidedly female in appearance. All her curves would become even more feminine than they already were. 
The doctor joked that his preference in women was for the thin, sexy and flexible types. He also used that horrible, old, clich that "more than a mouthful of breast was unnecessary." The doctor told Nikki, that she was the most attractive looking boy-girl he had ever seen who had not had surgery and hormone treatments. He told Nikki that she was a "natural." Not the last time she would hear that word used about her. 
The good doctor discussed the effects of the hormones on her male organs. These low doses would not cause drug-induced castration. They would probably make it somewhat more difficult to achieve an erection, but increase her pleasure, via her female libido. She could take the medication for six months every year and thus be able to take the medication for years while keeping the side effects minimal. 
He then told her the cost of the pills and of the office visits to monitor her progress and potential side effects. Nikki, despite her master's training about keeping her demeanor cool and even, could not hide her disappointment at the prohibitive cost. She immediately collected herself, thanked the doctor for his time, and asked where she could change back into her male clothes before leaving. 
As Nikki stood to leave, the doctor also arose. He moved from his chair to the front of his desk and leaned against the large mahogany top. Nikki offered her hand to say goodbye. In response, he opened his lab coat, showing Nikki a fully erect penis with a large, purple, circumcised head. 
Now, her training, as well as her natural slut's instincts took over. Nikki dropped to her knees, took the penile head into her mouth and looked up wordlessly at the man hovering over her. She did this immediately, without hesitation. It never entered her mind that another response was even a possibility. She waited for an indication from her current man as to what he wanted. 
Dr. Steven Lloyd was as pleased as he possibly could be. He looked down at the beautiful face and big green eyes looking up at him. His erection firmly placed within her thick lips. He then explained that her weekly office visit and medications would cost her nothing. He told her that she must be in his office every Friday at noon. She will disrobe completely, hang her clothes in the closet to her left and kneel under his desk. She will remain there until five o'clock and then leave. 
"Do you understand what your role will be, Nikki?" Nikki opened her mouth and started to lick his erection. Steven smiled. With his training and the hormones, he thought that she would become spectacular. The foolish and vain doctor deluded himself into thinking he could have an effect on this slut's spectacular abilities. 
His first orgasm occurred quickly. Nikki, in her usual style, accepted his offering lovingly, gently and quietly. Like a great athlete who expects to hit a home run or catch the tough pass, Nikki accepts that she will evoke pleasure and sperm for her efforts. She was disappointed at the relatively small quantity of semen provided by the good doctor. 
Nikki, of course, showed no sign of anything but the look of bliss that she maintained from the moment her lips touched his sex. The doctor's efforts produced significantly more copious results the second time. He had Nikki strip and lay on the floor. He straddled her mouth while facing her feet. He then entered into Nikki's mouth and deeply into her throat. 
This time he pumped furiously. Nikki though, had already mastered the ability to accept a full erection into her throat and continue to breathe without choking. Rather than fight or panic, Nikki totally surprised Doctor Lloyd. She reached around his buttock and entered his anus with her petite index finger. She massaged his prostate while he copulated with her throat. He came beautifully. She truly savored this larger, richer, thicker ejaculate. 
Nikki loved the effect she had on men. She had not even scratched the surface of the effects she would have on some over the years. Over the next three months, Nikki dutifully entered Doctor Lloyd's office every Friday at noon (high school seniors had half day Fridays). She walked past the middle aged but still very pretty receptionist without saying a word. She entered the doctor's private office, stripped and kneeled under his desk. 
Invariably, he returned from lunch at 12:30 and sat at his desk. Nikki would open his trousers, extract his male member and fellate him to orgasm. To pass the time under his desk, Nikki kept track of the number of ejaculates she consumed in twelve weeks. Twenty-eight swallowed loads of semen and fifteen delivered rectally. 
The good doctor produced most of the sperm she enjoyed at his office. Occasionally others used Nikki as a sperm receptacle. She was kept under the desk the entire time. Even for anal penetration, she would turn and protrude her gorgeous rear to the opening of the desk. She would lovingly accept the offering. 
After the first office visit with Nikki, he told her his conditions. She was to remain silent, fellate anyone who sat in the chair, and if signaled to turn, offer her rectum for use. At exactly five o'clock she was to emerge from under the desk, regardless of who was in the office. She was to stand in front of the desk and await her examination, after which she would be issued her weekly allotment of hormone tablets. 
With her master, Nikki used all her wiles to provide him with pleasure. At Doctor Lloyd's office, ninety percent of the time Nikki could only use her mouth, tongue and hands. Her beauty, cunning seductive glances and few, but well-chosen words, were of no help to her. Since this was very early in her sexual career, the time at the good doctor's office proved invaluable to Nikki's technique. 
By the end of twelve weeks she was able to bring her benefactor to orgasm at will. Nikki could keep him on the edge almost indefinitely. When he signaled to her, Nikki would make the doctor come into her mouth. 
Doctor Lloyd was bisexual. Nikki overheard him take his receptionist on the sofa in the office. This occurred only once in the twelve-week adventure. On several occasions while consulting with male patients, mainly on gender altering possibilities, he would seduce them as he did Nikki. He would either take them orally or anally. Many he then invited to sit in his chair. There, a glorious, though anonymous mouth, engulfing their penis and bringing them to a blissful orgasm would surprise them. 
Most of the time, once Nikki emerged from under the desk, the doctor would become serious and make notes and take pictures of Nikki's development. He measured her growing bust size and narrowing waist. He measured her hips, arms and thighs. 
Nikki had started distance running and exercising. This, in combination with the hormone tablets, caused a striking feminization in Nikki's figure. On the twelfth Friday, when Nikki emerged from under the desk she stunned the doctor. As usual, he had not seen Nikki come in, strip and take her position under the desk. 
Although Nikki had fellated him twice on that final day, he was not expecting what he saw when she presented herself for inspection. Two male companions accompanied the clearly stunned doctor. Although they weren't doctors, they closely examined Nikki with Doctor Lloyd. Nikki had undergone her makeover a few days before. 
The doctor marveled at the transformation. With her darling haircut, earrings, eyeliner and nail polish to accompany her gorgeous face, she was spectacular. With her lithe figure and firm, clearly female breasts, she looked too good to be true. The erection between her legs completed the picture and was fascinating to the men in the room. 
Doctor Lloyd measured and recorded Nikki as usual. Today though, he spoke to the two men and not to Nikki. They talked about her as if she wasn't there. Nikki, true to her nature and her training assumed her slut's demeanor. Eyes lowered, not speaking and following directions quickly and precisely, she kept her expression cool and even. She was extremely aroused though, and tried to play a guessing game with herself. She tried to guess which one of the three men would ejaculate first and how he would take her. 
The doctor then put away Nikki's file and ordered her to lift her arms. His conversation with the men took a very different turn. Instead of measurements, hormone results and the like, Doctor Lloyd cupped Nikki's firm sexy breasts and described how they felt to the two onlookers. One of the men commented on her firm, feminine buttocks and inquired as to how tight her "cunt" was. 
The doctor ordered Nikki to bend over and the man spread her buttocks and fingered her sexual opening within. He commented to the doctor on how tight it felt. 
Nikki, after being probed and discussed was ordered to kneel on the floor, facing the ottoman. She was further instructed to lie across the ottoman and remain there, with knees on the floor and buttocks protruding. 
She expected the first man who fingered her to take her from the rear. Instead, the men sat down in the comfortable chairs around Nikki while the doctor poured a round of drinks for them. The three men then talked of business and social events they were planning on attending with their wives. 
Nikki found this both humiliating and exciting. There she was naked, her sexual openings both at the ready, and she, dripping fluids from her erect organ like a bitch in heat. Another round of drinks was poured, and the men continued to converse and laugh as if they were in their club having dinner. 
After about forty minutes, the older of the two men excused himself and went to the men's room. When he returned Nikki could hear he was removing his shoes, then jacket and trousers. All the time the conversation continued with no change in tone. They were talking about their last gambling trip to Puerto Rico. The man behind Nikki then mounted her from behind and very matter of factly entered into her. 
Continuing his story about his gambling exploits, he at the same time was moving in and out of Nikki's bottom in a moderate to slow rhythm. The man working Nikki's rump ejaculated directly into her rectum. At the moment of orgasm he was in animated conversation with his two friends. He was discussing a great run he had at the casino crap table last month. The only indication that he had attained his goal was a slight shudder through his body as he ejaculated. 
This man then removed his partially flaccid penis from Nikki's anus. Without disrupting the flow of his narrative, he moved around the ottoman and lowered his groin to the level of Nikki's lips. She took the semen-covered organ into her mouth and dutifully licked it clean. The man finally glanced in Nikki's direction, only to extract his penis and inspect it. Satisfied that his manhood was clean, he turned to the bar to refresh his drink. 
The other men also took her from behind, expended their semen into her, then arose and got dressed without a word to her. The two men left, saying they would meet Doctor Lloyd later for dinner. They made no comment either to Nikki or about her. 
Left alone with Nikki, the doctor casually advised her that she should return to see him in three months and she would start another round of hormone treatments then. He told her she was a very obedient little cunt then advised her that she was free to arise and leave. 
She donned her dress and slipped on her clogs and left. The doctor said nothing more to her and she never saw him again. 


Part V - Beyond Her Wildest Dreams 
Nikki's life took another unexpected turn in September. She was enjoying the affections of her master, her 
Grand-father and her boyfriend and was keeping them all very happy There were days when all three deposited their seed within her. She was absolutely submissive and subservient to them. Despite this, she knew that she had complete control over them. Her quiet demeanor, ravishing appearance, sexual technique and casual attitude concerning the displaying of her body kept the men's minds and penises focused on her. 
Nikki was enjoying the benefits of her natural slut's abilities when fate again stepped in to change her life yet again. Her grandfather died in his sleep of heart failure. His death was followed in one week by the death of Nikki's grandmother from a stroke. Nikki was left as their sole heir and inherited a fortune. 
The money and properties were left in a trust. Two separate law firms and a bank were made co-executors of the estate. Nikki's grandfather had owned restaurants in New York City since the nineteen twenties. He bought the property above and around each of these businesses. By the time he died, these properties had appreciated in value many times over. 
He left an estate worth ten million dollars. Nikki was to receive three hundred thousand dollars a year until she reached thirty. She then would gain control of the trust, with the advice of the executors. The bottom line though was it would all be hers. 
During the funerals and the meetings with the lawyers and all the commotion, Nikki was under constant pressure. Make arrangements, sign papers, attend meetings. All the time unsure as to how these people perceived her. John ran interference and protected Nikki from any rude or obnoxious remarks. Throughout it all she remained true to her feminine self. 
After all was signed and settled, Nikki and John finally got to spend their first day without any outside obligations to fulfill. John had refrained from sexual relations with Nikki 
For her part, Nikki was distracted for the first time since John deflowered her. She forgot about her sexual self for a month. Once she completed what was required of her, Nikki slept for almost an entire weekend. 
On Sunday evening she awoke in her old room, where she had been sleeping since the death of her grandmother. She took a long hot bath and thought about her man's penis the whole time. She masturbated twice in the tub, spewing the pent up semen within her into the soapy water. 
Nikki developed beautiful breasts over the last several months. They were small, firm and upturned. Her waist was tiny and buttocks firm, round and milky white. She weighed only a hundred twenty-one lithe pounds. 
Nikki had recently turned nineteen and was stunning. She wore a silk loincloth that covered her genitals only. The rest of her magnificent self was on full display as she sauntered through the house. 
John awoke with the aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafting through the house. He walked down stairs and into the kitchen wearing his bathrobe. Upon entering the room he froze when he saw Nikki. He viewed her from the side and took in the slim, feminine silhouette. The long duration of sexual inactivity had caused John's threshold for arousal to be extremely low. He threw off his robe exposing his nude body and fully erect manhood. 
Nikki turned and saw her master and lover. His erection told her how much he still loved her. She turned her rump towards him slightly to offer her cunt. She continued to stare into his eyes and started breathing hard, almost panting. John could not get on her fast enough. He opened her cheeks and placed his tool right up against his slut's love opening. 
John then lifted her by her hips and placed her face down on the kitchen table. The cold tabletop startled Nikki as it contacted her sensitive nipples. 
She tried to pull back by raising her shoulders and arching her back. John had already entered into her and was fucking the slut. He was too excited and had not emptied his juices in too long to allow Nikki to alter his momentum. 
John's weight pinned Nikki back down onto the table. He continued to thrust his hips towards her buttocks driving his tool as deeply as he could into her cunt. 
Yes, John loved her and enjoyed a wonderfully intimate relationship with her. In the end though, he was master and she was a slut bitch and no more than his full time whore and slave. 
"Don't move while you are getting fucked, whore". 
John's voice was neither mean nor loud. He matter-of-factly stated this and continued on with his efforts until he ejaculated with a loud and long moan. Nikki was startled by what John said to her. Because of the tragic events of the last month, Nikki had become distracted. Even her natural slut's savvy and slave indoctrination let her down momentarily. 
Nikki had become a little too complacent. She took for granted her master's responses and relied on her beauty and allure. Now here she lay, face down on cold a kitchen table weighed down by a man twice her size. His dick was in her ass and his sperm swimming inside her. Her own penis had become hard and pressed against the cold tabletop. 
The combination of the stark manner in which John took her and his harsh words had two effects on Nikki. First she was jolted back to the reality that had become her life over the last several months. Second, she realized being a sex slave, and totally subservient to a strong and virile man was all she really wanted. 
Honing the skills to extract pleasure from her man (men) was only a by-product of her natural slut's personality. 
John got off of Nikki and his now flaccid member slipped out of its cozy hole. He stood by the table and Nikki immediately pushed off the table and dropped to her knees. She took the wet penis into her mouth and looked up at her master silently and expectantly. 
"You have taken advantage of me. Because of the deaths, I became lenient and looked the other way. Now you think that you are independent and no longer need a man. Maybe you want to convert back into that sissy boy that you were and spend your money." 
John spoke quietly without any hint of anger. Nikki was about to answer him and protest that she belonged to him as much, no, more than ever. Instead, her training took over and she did not say a word. She did not loosen the grip that her lips had around the now reawakened hard penis in her mouth. All she did was suck gently on the head of the erect organ in her mouth. 
John pulled his dick out of her mouth and stood back. He motioned for Nikki to get up. Nikki was confused and disoriented. She had not been in a situation where the man she was servicing did not fall prey to her wiles. She lost her concentration. She felt uneasy but at the same time, excited and eager to become even more subservient to her man. 
John noticed a line of clear fluid, which had run down the back of Nikki's thigh. A little bit of John's sperm had leaked out of Nikki. He seized on this and again became critical of his little whore. 
"Look at you. You disregard my rules and think so little of me that you allow my fluid to leave your body minutes after I give you my come." 
Nikki dropped to her knees again. She was now focused and determined. First she scooped up her master's come from her thigh with her finger and sucked it clean. She then took John's entire erection into her throat and his ball sack into her mouth. She held tight and with all her ability massaged his cock head with her throat muscles while she looked right into his eyes. 
John did not relent. He had decided that he wanted to push Nikki to the next level, for he planned on making demands of her that would cause even more radical changes in her already radical life. 
"I'm disappointed in you bitch. The next thing I expect is to see panties covering your ass. And before long, you'll tell me you're not in the mood when I want to fuck you." 
John again pulled all of his sizeable organ out of Nikki's mouth and throat and left the kitchen. He headed upstairs and toward their bathroom. Finally, Nikki panicked. 
Until now she thought John was half joking about these minor infractions. She jumped up and ran upstairs after him. She opened her jewelry box and took out the twenty-five thousand-dollar check she received two days earlier. The first monthly installment of her yearly allowance. 
Nikki, still frenzied ran into the bathroom and saw John standing over the toilet. He was just starting to empty his bladder. The flow had not quite begun. Nikki could not contain herself. 
In a voice louder than she ever used in John's presence, she blurted out. 
"I am yours. I belong to you. Nothing means anything to me except you. I need nothing except you." 
Nikki laid the check on the top of the toilet tank and dropped to her knees. Her face was flushed bright red and her heart was beating. For the first time in a long time she wasn't sure what to do next. John's stream of urine had just reached full flow. 
Spontaneously, Nikki opened her mouth wide and took his urine into the back of her throat. Using a technique similar to when she was being throat fucked, she was able to swallow and breathe without choking. 
John was pleased. He wanted to achieve another level of dominance over this boy-girl that he truly loved. He wanted it to occur without force or brutality. For although he was infatuated with her and sexually he never enjoyed better, what he loved most was that she was his whore-bitch, cock slave and his receptacle. 
Nikki also knew that's why he loved her and it made her want to become even more of a slut than she already was. 
John's plans came to full fruition. Over the next two months Nikki's role became purely sex slave. She did not speak in John's presence unless asked directly. She lost all privacy privileges. At home all she was allowed to wear was a frontal loincloth. 
This completely exposed her breasts and buttocks. She could not cover up if they had visitors unless John ordered her to. Nikki was not even allowed to ask to cover up. 
When home alone this put extraordinary pressure on Nikki whenever she had a visitor. Her choice was to either not answer the door or expose herself shamelessly. When going out, she was ordered to wear one of her little penis-covering satin triangles and a knit micro mini-dress. 
John explained this allowed him easy access to her breasts and her "cunt." He further explained that her role was to provide free, easy and casual access to her body for his and his designees' sexual pleasure. 
Since that Sunday evening in September when John reasserted his dominance and Nikki made the decision to give everything to her master, Nikki felt more content with her life. Despite giving total control over her finances, her body, and even her bodily functions to John, Nikki found an easy peace in her situation. He was much more demanding of Nikki now. She had little free time anymore and was either being used for sexual pleasure or being displayed much of the time. 
Once Nikki offered herself as a receptacle for John's excretions that Sunday evening, John continued to use her as such. Never in a brutal or vile manner but in a way that was guided by Nikki herself. 
John would casually motion to Nikki with his finger. She knew this motion meant he wanted to empty his bladder. She would engulf her beloved's penis and carefully take his entire bladder contents into her body. 
Nikki not only accepted her redesigned role but also cherished this new intimacy as another expression of love by a slut for her man. Once she understood the direction of her master's seemingly new found passion her innate sense and sexuality took over. 
Some of the newer "rules" had an effect that John would not have imagined. John's instructions were very explicit. When she was exposed to a male, whether directly instructed to or not, she was his for the taking. This was wonderful beyond Nikki's wildest dreams. In the next two to three months, before they set sail for Italy, Nikki was able to express her sexuality to an extent she never could have imagined. 
Since John did not specify which males she was to acquiesce to, she took this to mean any male who saw her cunt and wanted it. Not a man who entered her house was exempted from Nikki's sexual enticements. Sometimes overtly, at other times very subtly. Always within the precepts of her master's expressed wishes. 
Two weeks later, John invited three friends over one evening. This was her first time. John did not give Nikki any advanced notice of his plans in general and this was no exception. 
The doorbell rang and Nikki was sitting on the floor between John's legs, licking his ball sack while he read the newspaper. They had finished dinner, Nikki had cleaned up and they were now relaxing in their typical fashion. 
Nikki looked up at John when the doorbell rang. He nodded his head toward the door and simply said, "Answer it." Nikki stood up. She looked beautiful. She wore only a red satin loincloth. Her breasts and buttocks firm, pert, and succulent. Also they were in full view. 
She wore some eyeliner but no other makeup. Her hair was short and slightly tousled from the occasional pat on the head from John while she ministered to his genitals with her tongue. 
As soon as she opened the door the three middle-aged men stopped their animated conversation and stared in open-mouthed awe. 
Nikki quietly said, "Yes?" 
"Is this where John lives?" Came the tentative question from one of the men. 
The three sets of eyes were fixed on Nikki's breasts. Nikki nodded yes without speaking again. She turned and led them in to see John. The six eyes were now fixed on the luscious milky mounds behind Nikki. 
They entered the living room and were greeted by John. Nikki could see immediately that the men had no idea she would be there in this state of undress. They thought they were coming over for drinks. 
The four men sat down and John asked the men what they wanted to drink. He then motioned to Nikki towards the bar to get the drinks. 
Sam, the youngest of the three friends looked quizzically at John and asked, "What's the story?" 
John said, "That's Nikki, my late uncle Roberto's grandson." 
This confused the men even more. They were looking at a very beautiful and sexy girl. What did he mean grandson? Nikki arrived with the drinks holding out the tray. John leaned forward and lifted the loincloth exposing Nikki's semi-erect penis. 
"As I said, Roberto's grandson. She's a little sissy faggot. And she's a great piece of ass." 
Nikki gave the men their drinks and waited for John to instruct her. She was horrified at how John described her to these men. She did not think of herself as a "faggot." She hated that word. 
She thought of herself as a sexy young woman who happened to have a penis instead of a clitoris. John let her continue to wait, standing in the center of the four seated men. 
Carlo, another of the men said to John: "You mean your fucking this bitch?" 
"That's exactly what I'm doing. She is one hell of a little bitch. She has a great cunt in that ass and she sucks cock like the whore that she is. Also, let me tell you she loves dick like no other bitch that I've ever seen." 
This caught Carlo's attention. "She really loves cock that much?" 
"Tell Carlo how much you love cock, honey," John was urging Nikki towards Carlo. 
This was too much for Nikki. She loved showing off her body. She loved getting men hot. She loved getting fucked and taking their cocks and come into her mouth. She even got a thrill out of taking her man's urine. What she did not like was this humiliating discussion. 
On the other hand, Nikki realized that this is where here true ability would be apparent. She had learned from her encounters with the men she's had sex with these last several months that they say and do things because their sexual appetites compel them to. 
The one thing she knew more than anything else was that if she finds that compulsion and feeds it, the man's lust, penis and sperm were hers. Also his common sense was left behind his advancing passion. 
"I live for cock" answered Nikki quietly. 
She turned towards Carlo as she spoke but kept her eyes lowered. She left her lips slightly parted though and made sure he could see the tip of her tongue slowly licking her lips. 
"Carlo, I own this little whore. If you or Sam or Michael want her just take her." 
The three men all started to fidget nervously in their seats. They also simultaneously looked Nikki up and down staring at her essential areas. 
"You're kidding, right?" asked Sam incredulously. 
"You see this slut wearing anything? This is how she lives day and night, hoping some stud will come by and fuck her." 
John motioned for Nikki to kneel in front of him. He was still in his bathrobe. He spread his legs and the robe opened exposing his erection. Nikki literally lunged for her man's penis and swallowed it. She took it all into her throat and started moving her head up and down. At the same time she licked his scrotum. The men remained mute, eyes wide and staring. Never had they seen a cock swallowed so completely and expertly. 
Despite the months of sex John enjoyed with Nikki, he still was taken aback by her ability to provide such total pleasure. She adjusted her throat tension to provide just the right pressure on John's penis. 
The total contact maintained between Nikki's throat and the head of his swollen tool during the entire long stroke caused a pleasure that truly was indescribable. 
Nikki then lifted her haunches toward the men and moved one of her feet laterally giving them an uncensored view of her buttocks and the pussy lurking within. 
John started breathing heavily and allowing a few grunt-like moans to escape. Most of this he did for effect. 
Carlo was the first of the three to start peeling off his clothes. He managed to strip from the waist down before his lust became just too much for him. 
He dropped to his knees spread Nikki's ass cheeks further and spit into her crevice. He then penetrated her with one smooth motion. Nikki was in bliss. She looked up into John's eyes while she bobbed her head up and down on his sex. 
Nikki's eyes gleamed and John could see her joy. 
"I know, my little cunt, I know," said John to Nikki. 
He could feel her happiness. Nikki was filled at both ends by strong men's erections. She knew she could elicit this lust in them and had two more fine men waiting when these two expended themselves into her. 
She thought of that first time she read the comic book that John left out for her. She experienced a new thrill that day and now she was living out that fictional adventure in reality. 
John seemed to read her thoughts. He smiled at her and blew her a kiss while she worked hard fellating him. 

Part VI - In the End A Total Slut, Naturally 
Nikki arrived in Italy after a short but memorable ocean voyage. She had just completed the second course of hormone treatments. John had then allowed her to spend a week shopping and getting primped and pampered at a spa. Hair, makeup, massages, jewelry, the works. 
When Nikki stepped onto the ship every male onboard took notice. She wore the tightest little white dress one could imagine. Her cock cover triangle was black leather. The leather was needed to keep her male appendages in check. 
The black leather covering and strings showed through the sheer white dress. Every cock on board stirred when its owner saw Nikki pass by. There was no doubt that she was bare assed and bare breasted under that dress. 
Her buttocks were tight and the crevice between them totally obvious. Walking in heels made everything even more sensuous and almost obscene. The women on board were not happy with the look on their men's faces when Nikki sauntered by. 
Later, John stepped into one of the ship's bars for a cognac leaving Nikki in their adjoining cabins to unpack. He overheard three men discussing Nikki in graphic, even lurid terms. When one of the men recognized John as Nikki's companion he turned pale and tried to signal his friends to cease. 
John though would not allow the conversation to stop. He graciously ordered them a round of drinks and told them their comments could not begin to describe his slut's abilities. They were surprised to hear him refer to her as a slut. 
John noted their surprise and commented that not only was she a slut but a slut of a degree that was beyond their experience. He laughingly told them she could wear all three down into limp rag dolls within an hour, two at the most. 
The men in unison laughed back that they would turn her into a rubber legged, worn out schoolgirl in no time. John advised them that they were more than welcomed to try. One of the men then commented that were they not there with their wives they would have given it a go. 
John said, "Oh, I see, the wife excuse". 
Another of the men though sensed that John was being serious and looked him in the eye and said, 
"When do you want me to fuck the bitch"
John patted him on the back and said, "That's more like it." 
John advised them they could go to her cabin any time and do whatever they wanted. She was a slut trained to respond to an erect penis. Just walk in open trousers and order the slut to fulfill their fantasies. He reminded them of his gentleman's wager though. The three of them would be limp dicked and fucked out in two hours. 
Since they told their wives they were going to the gaming room to play cards they were covered for at least three or four hours until dinner time. They followed John to Nikki's cabin. John entered followed by the three men. Nikki was still dressed as before except she was barefoot. 
"Gentlemen, there is my little slut. She's twenty years old. Her name is Nikki. She'll drain you dry and send you whimpering home to your wives. She'll do whatever you want. Remember though I love her dearly and will not tolerate any injurious activity". 
The three men nodded profusely that they had no intention of ever harming this lovely creature. They were eager to get started on the task at hand. 
Nikki never failed to get excited when she heard her lover and master say that he loved her. She felt her chest tighten and her breath shorten. She looked at her master furtively trying to keep her gaze lowered. John signaled to her to lose the dress. 
Nikki instantly peeled the skintight dress up over her head and stood in the center of the cabin with eyes lowered. The three suitors were awe struck. She was magnificent. They were literally drooling. John again motioned and Nikki dropped to her knees and opened her mouth. 
John took out his fully erect tool and placed it on Nikki's face. She did not move. He turned to the three other men getting hotter by the second and told them he would get her started but the clock wouldn't start till he was finished. 
He placed his penis into Nikki's open mouth and she immediately swallowed him to hilt and started to fellate the object of her lust and desire. As John's passions rose he started fucking her face in earnest. The three observers were now fully erect and began commenting on the bitch's ability to take it all in so easily and expertly. 
Also though they did not say so they were a little less sure of the outcome of their bet, once they saw the ease with which this slut took John's massive tool, which none of them could equal in length or girth. John started a low moan and it was clear he would be erupting soon. 
The three had seen enough. They started removing their clothes. By the time John had ejaculated into Nikki's mouth the other men stood naked around Nikki. Their erections all pointed towards her face. John's knees buckled slightly and he let out a low but guttural moan as he expended his last spurts into Nikki. 
John then stood back and told the men he would be back in two hours to see how they were faring. He then advised them that they would have to restrict themselves to the cunts in the slut's face and ass for obvious reasons. John reached down and released the leather strings holding Nikki's genital covering exposing her little cock. 
The three men were all ready to pounce on this sultry whore when the exposed incongruous male member startled them as if they saw an apparition. The face and breasts and legs just didn't fit with the dick. 
Nikki of course knew that this was the critical moment and moved like a cat. In one unbelievably swift maneuver she took one erection into her mouth, another received the expert caresses of her hand and the third felt her buttocks brushing against its uncircumcised head. 
The three "studs" were too far-gone to turn back now. John asked whether he should leave them to their task. They waved him away barely taking their eyes off of the object of their lust. 
Nikki took them into hither-to-uncharted areas of feelings and experiences. She inhaled the sperm out of their sacs, through their cocks and into her mouth and ass. She coaxed them into erections when they felt too exhausted to move much less fuck. She pushed the last drops of fluid out of their prostates and when she was through not a drop of semen was unaccounted for. 
It took an hour and a half. One fellow was good for only two loads before exhausting himself. The other two surprised themselves (though Nikki expected at least as much) and each had fully four ejaculations within ninety minutes. The three men lay spent and stunned. She washed them with warm washcloths then dressed them. Each in turn whispered to her that she was wonderful as they kissed her on the cheek and thanked her as they left her cabin. 
The three spent Lotharios sheepishly found their way back to the bar where John was waiting. When he saw them he looked at his watch and smiled. Ten minutes to spare. And given their immaculate appearance Nikki had fucked them dry and still had time to spiff them up with time to spare. 
The three men thanked John for the use of his girlfriend. John was amused. They spoke of Nikki almost reverentially as they discussed her talents. At one point as one of them was going on about paying her to be his mistress and setting her up in an apartment John had to call for a time out to put things in perspective for them. 
"Gentlemen, this creature is a slut. She is independently wealthy and money means nothing to her. She is free to go where and with whom she wants. But before you get too excited let me show you what your falling head over heels for." 
John led them back to Nikki's cabin. 
"Nikki, these gentlemen have a mistaken concept of what you are." 
She was stepping out of the bathroom having just showered and was still slightly wet. 
He motioned her towards him. As she approached he bent forward and spit in her face. Although slightly surprised she unflinchingly tilted her head back and opened her mouth pushing the spittle into her mouth with a finger. She then opened her mouth wide and smiled at her master waiting for more. This time he spit into the back of her throat. She swallowed. She then looked down and whispered in a barely audible voice. 
"Thank you, sir." 
He then motioned her to her knees and withdrew his penis from his trousers. He spread his legs slightly and Nikki recognized the position and the bodily function that would follow. She opened her mouth and brought it close to her lover's penis. She instinctively knew not to engulf the organ, as she was sure her master wanted to fully exhibit her abilities. 
John let fly with a stream of urine and Nikki swallowed quickly without closing her mouth or gagging. John turned to the men who although were not horrified, were cured of any romantic notions concerning this wanton, yet seductively alluring creature. 
John turned and invited the men to use Nikki in any way they desired for the duration of the ocean crossing. They were assured her door would never be locked. If she were in when they visited she would be at their disposal as the ship's concubine. 
When the men left John told Nikki he was very proud of her. She beamed for hours. 
Nikki enjoyed the attention of the three gentlemen in addition to her master for the entire eight-day crossing. John also used Nikki as a "tip" for the porters and cabin boys during the cruise. Being the natural slut that she was though she could not help but to find excitement at every turn. 
One early morning Nikki arose for a solitary walk on deck. She enjoyed the cool morning breeze between her legs and on her buttocks, which were barely covered by a white embroidered sundress. 
She was alone with a few hovering seagulls on the bow of the ship. She had been lost in her thoughts and the pleasant sunrise and was startled out of this trance by a man's voice behind her. 
"Excuse me Miss I could not help but see you exposed leaning over the rail. I don't mean to be rude." 
Nikki turned to see a tall, slender handsome young man in his early twenties trying not to stare at her exposed rear. He was flushed and obviously nervous. She turned back towards the sea not changing her provocative position. 
"Come here then and tell me your name" said Nikki. 
He stepped forward several paces and leaned on the ship's rail next to Nikki. He told her his name was Adam and offered his hand. Instead of shaking hands Nikki leaned towards him and kissed him using her tongue to part his lips. She then took his proffered hand and placed it onto her buttocks and held it there pressed against the crevice. 
The young man was completely taken aback but quickly realized what good fortune he had stumbled onto and started kissing Nikki back in earnest and caressing her soft bottom. 
Nikki reached over and undid his belt allowing his loose slacks to fall to his thighs exposing his erect member. She squatted momentarily and lubricated his considerable manhood with her saliva then resumed her position. 
Nikki then lightly grasped the befuddled but happily excited man by the base of his erection and guided him to her rear. She relaxed the expertly trained muscles to her opening and he entered her with only a slight mutually pleasant hesitation while the penile head penetrated the guardian sphincter. 
The young man's natural instincts took over and he immediately began the age-old process of copulation until he ejaculated. Upon achieving orgasm he grasped the rail on either side of Nikki to steady himself and pushed gently but firmly into Nikki's rectum to extract every morsel of pleasurable sensation this beautiful girl could offer him. 
Nikki thrust her haunches backward as well to provide her beau of the moment with a firm buttress to push against. Spent and sated the young man never the less remained in position extending and savoring the fantastic moment he just had experienced. He reached around Nikki's waist and slid his hand down the front of her miniscule undergarment. 
For an instant he could not compute what he was feeling. Then the realization that he had not cunt but cock in hand dawned. He backed away pulling his fully flaccid sex out of Nikki's bottom, quickly buttoned up and fled, mumbling incoherently. 
The wind had picked up slightly and was blowing the sundress up so that she was completely exposed from the waist down. She made no attempt to cover herself, enjoying the wind in her hair and the cool sensation of the breeze against the semen in her buttock crease left behind by her amorous young man. 
She thought of the exciting life awaiting her in Europe, the men she would have, the skills she would master. Nikki smiled to herself and resumed her position on the rail once again in solitude enjoying the remaining sunrise as a single drop of semen slowly made its way down her smooth inner thigh. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Funda_girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





