BDSM Library - slaves first gangbang




slaves first gangbang
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   a story from a slaves view of a fantsy of being gangbanged.






This is not finished so keep that in mind. I did not finish school and english was my worst subject. I'm happy to hear any ideas about where to go next. This is my first story i have written, ever. if you dont like it i could care less.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slaves first gangbang.





Approaching the motel you look out at the neon sign slightly flickering. It just adds to the seediness of the place. Your nerves are making it feel as if there is butterflys trying to escape your belly. As you pull into the parkinglot younotice there are some men already in cars waiting. The sight makes your heart skip a beat and the fact that this will be happening suddenly cements in your brain. What untill now was only plans and thoughts are becoming so much more. You dont think you have been this excited about a event as you are about this. As you exit your car you see the men looking you up and down. The lust in their eyes making you all the more hornier. 



Walking up to the door youswing your ass more giving the men a show. The small mini skirt sliding up as you do so. Just as it reaches the point where you can start to see your silky panties you pull it down a little evil grin on your ruby lips. 



Your hand is shacking as you bring it up to knock. It feels like a eternity before he opens the door. Standing in the doorway you look up to look in his eyes. His dark features and that crooked smile that he gets when he is excited. He lets you in while scanning the carpark for men who are thinking they can start before the time he has given them to start. Hos dark look forstalls the movement of the men beginning to exit their cars.



Closing the door the dim light in the room casts shadows over the walls. The stale smell ofthe room and the ropes on the bed again make me heart skip a beat. Suddenly i feel his body behind me. As if his dark presence is enough to make my knees weak i start to feel light headed. Guiding me to the bed he starts to remove some of my clothes. First the shoes and the the skirt. The feel of the material sliding down my skin is like a slow electric jolt running down my legs. The shirt is next he slowly unbuttons my shirt. I think he does it deliberately slow. Agonizingly slow. As i lie there in my most alluring bra and pantie set. I close my eyes. I start to feel his hands running over my body the heat of lust like hot coals where he touches. Then i feel the blindfold being put on. I open my eyes to be greeted by the all consuming darkness and await his next move. 



Taking my hands he applys the cuffs im all to used to now. The souns of velcro as he makes sure there is no way to wiggle my hands out. Then the same to my legs running his warm hands down my body the whole way dow to them. All the caressing is making me leak so much that i feel i may have a puddle before the first man. 



I hear the metal click of the ropes being attached to the cuffs and suddenly im pulled spread eagle. Ready for the first man to enjoy.



The first man knocks and a hear the door open and close followed by a low murmer of voice but i cant make out the words. Another knock and i hear louder murmers. Suddenly i feel a mans rough hand on my leg sliding up to the waterfall that is my pussy. I hear the commanding voice of my dom saying " put the phone away i will be taking all the pictures and videos. I can send you copys once i have edited her face out. Now lets begin huh"



Suddely there are hands on me pleasure with each groping feel. And the dark presence of my dom making it safe for me.

The hands were all over me. Like electricity zaping me all over. The mens hands caressed and pinched i felt a hand slide under me reaching for the clasp. Click the sound of a camera taking a photo was heard over the voices of the men exploring my body. The thought that there would be evidence of what was happening made it all the more dirty and i loved it. The hand found the strap and proceeded to undo it. The hand was rough and hard. The hair on his hand scratching my skin. He must have had experience as it took him a meer few seconds before i felt the release of preasure holding my two luscious breasts in place. A hand at my wrist released the hook holding it to the rope and my arm was brought down to help release the bra. 



Jokes about not trying to get away were tossed around the men around me and laughing filled the small room. I thought to myself oh god why would i run from this? I hope this lasts forever. My hand is returned to its place at the bedpost.



As the bra is lifted to meet my other hand a rush of hands meet my now exposed breasts. My nipples are pinched and the suddeness of the assault makes a river of cum start to flow out of my allready soaking pussy. The men all make comments about how much they love my breasts and exclaim to my dom how lucky he is. 



His full deep voice fills the room as if it is the only thing in my world. " thank you im very pleased with her". My world fills with the light of his praise. Though it is intrupted by a sudden wet mouth over my nipple. A tounge brushes my nipple sending a warm fire to my loins. My pussy is screaming to be filled. Hands dissappear from my other glorious mound only to be replaced by another mouth. This one is not as gentle he has a scratchy beard that roughly rubbs and he swaps from sucking to bitting my nipple. I know from experience that there is no damage but i none the less suck in air each time he does it. The air does what he wants pushing my massive bust further in the air as i also bend my back to the pleasure.



Void of the playthings that they were playing with the other mens hands move down to my belly legs and vagina. Fingers hook around my panties slowly bringing them down to my ankles. Click another reminder that this is all being recorded.



The excitment is nearly to much as i feel the first of many hands touch my most intimate of areas. 

My juices flowed so much i thought the men would need to know how to swim to find my pussy. Though luckly no such aid was needed as the men started to probe into my slick hole. One man rubbed my clit as another slid a finger inside. The men on my breasts combined with the men at my pussy pushed me over the top for a mind blowing orgasim. My back arched and moaning like a whore the men put up a cheer for the first cum of the night. 



I then hear my dom voice ring out. Ok men can you move to the other side of the room so we can start the reall fun.



His deft hands release my hands and then my feet. His voice appears right next to my ear and my darknesa rings with his voice. " touch yourself and the punishment will be harsh".



He lifts me off the bed and i feel the cool air of the room for the first time. Standimg in this seedy room filled with men who i cant see makes me all the more excited. 



Click. Another picture of what i have done today.



Im moved to the front of the bed where there is a chair. My legs are cuffed to the chair slightly apart and then im broght over the chair and my hands are cuffed to the front legs. 



My massive breasts dangle down ready to be played with while my pussy awaits its first cock. I feel a man run hos hands down my back to my ass. Gropeing my ass as he takes his pants off. In the background i hear the sound of clothes being taken off. Ill soon not be the only one naked. 



The man behind me spreads my ass cheeks and a horrible though rushes through me. He knows that he cant use my ass right? My dom has not told me i can speak but i dont want to have a cock in my ass. The turmoil is like a storm in my head. I all of a sudden feel the mans hot breath on my ass. I feel his tounge on my pussy and my juices start to come out double time. Then in one long lick his tounge runs from my clit all the way across my pussy and dowsnt stop, ot reaches my little asshole and he continues to lick my little puckered star. It feels so strange. Its hard to get into this new experience but i try to relax. The man returns to my pussy and clit and moan in pleasure. A sudden hand on my nipple startles me and i jump. The room fills with laughter yet again.



i am starting to enjoy theman eating me out while my breasts are seen to when my hair is pulled up anda hard cock is slapped across my face. I imediently want this hard throbbing thing filling my throat. Sticking my tounge out i moan with frustration as it continues to slap me hard on the face but is to quick to be caught with my mouth.



Consentrating as hard as i was on this teasing cock i didnt reliase that the my licking me had stopped. The moment i noticed was the moment that his hard cock slammed all the way in in one long strock. Sucking breath in at the surprise i was suddenly entered in my wide open mouth in a similar way. With both my mouth filled and my pussy filled i was in 7th heaven. 



The men sawed in and out like lumber jack. Never stopping just slaming in my holes over and over. I came yet again after only a minute of this treatment. The men swapped posistions after 10 or so minutes. But by that point all i could feel was the pleasure. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   master melbourne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





