BDSM Library - The Orgasm Hunger Games




The Orgasm Hunger Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The government put a new law in effect that forbids pre-marriage sex and masturbation. Breaking this law is punishable by death. Unmarried girls have to play for their sexual pleasure in a perverted televised game show.







The Orgasm Hunger Games
by Impaler49152 in February 2015


Chapter 1

Jennifer was excited when she heard about the new game show right away. Her friend and co-worker Vicky told her about the show this morning and since then she could not wait to get online and check it out.&nbsp; She did a little google search and found the web site right away. Could this show really get her legal and safe orgasms? Something she and half of the countries female population craved ever since the orgasm control laws went into effect 3 years ago. This cruel law prohibited young girls (18-25) to have pre-marriage sex (or to be more precise orgasms in general, including masturbation). The law was enforced with a tiny mandatory implant that all girls got in the week after their 18th birthday.&nbsp; The implant which was usually just called the „Cuntbuster“ was a tiny device that had a sensor which could reliably detect an orgasm. It was surgically implanted in the girl’s cervix wall. It could be remote controlled via bluetooth from a smartphone. While the first generation only reported unlawful orgasms to the „authorities“ the following generations had a much more perverted feature: If the feature was activated the sensor could trigger a small explosive charge. Hence the name „Cuntbuster“. The explosion would ripp the poor girl’s vagina apart. Not strong enough to kill her instantly, but strong enough to cause severe pain and bleeding. So without medical attention the girl would die within 30 minutes due to the blood loss.

Unfortunately Jennifer got the latest generation of the Cuntbuster when she turned 18 almost a year ago. And since she was not married nor did she belong to the rich society where girls could just buy their way out of it, her Cuntbuster was active 24/7, preventing her from experiencing the joys of sex or even from having some orgasmic „me-time“. Well, to be fair she had a boyfriend and like so many girls she had sex with him. But while she enjoyed the excitement of satisfying him, she recently became more and more overwhelmed&nbsp; with the frustration of not being able to cum herself. There were times when she actually considered ending her life by simply going on till the point of no return. It was not like she never had experienced sex. She had sex since she was 14 and was very „active“ upon the day they would pick her up and bring her to the hospital to get this cruel device implanted.

So, could this new game show really „solve“ her problem? Her hands trembled as she navigated the mouse cursor over the screen to read the terms of the show. When she was done she nervously called Vicky. 

„So, have you checked it out?“ Vicky answered the phone when she saw Jenny’s caller id on the screen. „Yes, of course. But I’m confused… Please tell me if I got this right: You pay a minimum $3000 entry fee, then you have to go to at least 2 auditions, where you will be „evaluated“ and tested. The tests include stuff like „determining the candidates pain threshold“, „sexual skills“, „psychological stability“. So I assume they will fuck and torture the shit out of you just to find out if you actually make it into the show.“

Vicky was silent for a second. Then she replied: „Yes, Jen. I read that. And it scares the shit out of me. But to be honest: The thought of getting this treatment also makes me dripping wet. I’m actually more afraid of cumming during the process and blowing up during the audition!“

„Well.. um… yes. So why take that risk? Is it really worth it?“, Jennifer studdert.

„Have you read what’s about to happen in the show? If you’re lucky you get to have sex with several good looking studs and legally orgasm multiple times!“. 

„Yes, Vick. But only if you’re lucky. If you’re unlucky you simply blow up live on TV. And in order to get to the part where you are allowed to climax you’ll have to take part in the most perverted and quiet painful torture and sex games….“

„Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m way beyond the point where that would stop me from at least trying. Actually the thought of being abused as a helpless sex toy live in front of millions of wanking TV viewers kind of turns me on….“, Vicky admitted.

As Jennifer noticed her hard nipples, the goose bumps and her elevated heart rate, she admit to herself that Vicky was right. This show might kill her, but at least she had some damn hot erotic excitement in her life. So she made a pact with Vicky to send an application.

Chapter 2:

In the following two weeks, not one day went without Jennifer thinking of the game show. The thought of getting off live on TV was an instant turn on for her. When she opened her email inbox her heart started pounding like crazy when she spotted the email of the production company. They accepted her application and invited her to the first audition later that week. 

Jennifer did not want to tell her boyfriend about the show so she went to the studio on her own. It was mid-july and the summer sun was burning on her skin as she walked up to the studios entrance. She was wearing a short summer dress that would show most of her sexy long legs. She smiled at the good looking receiptonist as she entered the lobby. She introduced herself and the cute receptionist pointed her to a waiting room at the end of the hall. As she entered the room, she was suprised. The small room looked like a stylish lounge, with a comfortable sofa and a couple of large screen TVs. The light was dimm and sexy lounge music was in the air. As she sat down, the TV screens turned on showed what looked like a promotional video for the studio. But unlike other promos she had ever seen this video featured some very explicit scenes. While a narrator explained the different shows that are produced here the video showed scenes of beautiful young girls in agonizing positions. The girls either wore sexy lingerie or were naked. In most scenes the girls were somehow tied down and unable to move. The cameras zoomed in shamelessly to the girls most private part. Clearly showing extremely aroused sex organs. Then the scenes were cut at a faster paste. Pictures of torture devices showed up for fragments of a second. Screams and moaning sounds were playing from the large loud speakers. As the music became more dramatic, scenes of girls getting whipped, beaten and brutally abused came on the screen. Good looking, well built guys were shown as they were brutally fucking the helpless girls. As the music intensified more torture scenes showed up. The scenes were cut so fast that Jennifer could not even realize what she was seeing. In one scene it looked like a burning blow torch was held against a young girl’s breasts. In the next scene it looked like a knife was cutting into another breast. Then a hot glowing steel pole was being inserted into a girl’s vagina, just to cut to a scene where a rotating circular saw was approaching a terriefied girl’s pussy between her spread legs, but before the saw hit the „target“ the scene cut to a stunning blond girl that was rubbing her legs while being chained to a chair. She obviously enjoyed a great orgasm… her legs trembling and twitching. The camera zoomed in on her beautiful face that had the expression of a fantastic orgasm on it… seconds later she opened the eyes while a muffled explosion could be heard. As the camera zoomed out from her screaming mouth you could see her torn apart vagina, with a river of blood flowing down from it. The perverted scene was shown another 5 seconds before a rapid series of pussy explosions were shown… at least 10 girls were shown the second her private parts exploded just in a 5 second film montage. The last scene showed a girl strapped down on a bed in the middle with 8 good looking men around her. The camera zoomed in as one of the guys fucked her violently while the other 7 were stroking their large cocks. The girl yelled „no, please stop! I’m cumming!“. But to no avail… seconds later she screamed as an intense orgasm overwhelmed her. The guy pulled his dick out of her dripping wet pussy, just in time as her orgasm subsided and her pussy exploded while all 8 men ejaculated within seconds over the poor girls destroyed body.

Jennifer snapped out of her trance like state… She had not even been aware that she was touching herself while watching the video. She pulled her hand out of her soaking wet panties and tried to regain her breath. 

Then the lights went up and a man appeared on the screens. „Congratulations, Jennifer. You just passed your fist auditioning test!“

Chapter 3

Jennifer’s heart started pounding when she realized all this had been a test. So apparently “they” were watching her as she could not help but slide her fingers down her panties while watching this perverted snuff promo video. What must they think of her? What kind of girls gets horny while watching this kind of stuff? What would have been the “appropriate” reaction? Well, it didn’t matter now, did it?&nbsp; Before she could finish her thoughts the door opened and an tall man in his late 30s came into the room. Jennifer could not help but notice his muscle packed body. He looked like he went to the gym at least 5 days a week. With a smile on his face he approached Jennifer and reached out his hand for a handshake. “My name is Jack”.&nbsp; Jennifer blushed when she saw him.&nbsp; Without thinking about it she reached her right hand towards him….it was only then that she realized that this was the same hand that she had just pulled out of her soaking wet panties seconds before. As he shook her hands she felt how the rest of her pussy fluids were squeezed by his large hands. She was so embarrassed that her heart skipped a couple of beats. And if this wasn’t embarrassing enough he did not even try to hide the fact that he noticed it. While looking at the slimy stains on his hands he said with a grin: “Well, it looks like you’re already feeling like at home and you seem to enjoy yourself.” 

Jennifer didn’t know what so say… at this moment she just wanted to die. But this guy didn’t even wait for any reaction of her. Instead he just grabbed Jennifer’s dress with his left hand and liftet it up while his large right hand roughly slid down from her slim belly inside her throbbing wet pants. Without further hesitation he pushed his middle finger inside her slimy fuck canal. She was so wet that it slid in without any friction. Jennifer froze completely. In her brain she was protesting, pushing back, calling him a fucking pervert. But in fact she just stood there… speechless with an open mouth. Unable to talk… Jack pulled his now slime-covered finger out and immediately pushed it between her lips into her mouth. It must have been a reflex but Jennifer immediately started sucking it clean; tasting her own pussy fluids from the finger of man she just met 45 seconds ago! What a start to an audition….

“Well, aren’t you a shameless desperate slut? Coming in here and masturbating to our video? We gonna have to punish you for that later, but right now I wanna see what other “qualities” you have. When you’re done dripping your girl fluids on our floor, please follow me to the processing room!”

Jennifer was still speechless. It took her a couple of seconds to get a hold of herself. Then she followed him down a corridor to another room. The room was filled with what looked like medical equipment. In one corner of the room Jennifer saw a gynecological exam chair. In the other corner was a vertical pole. There were steel cables and ropes hanging from the ceiling and was that really a noose hanging there?

“Alright, time to show what you got, girl. Look at that camera and strip for the application video. If you have some sexy dance moves now is the time to show them. When you’re naked pick a toy from over there and play a little with yourself. I hope you can do that even if there isn’t any snuff porn to watch?”, he laughed. Then he added: “Although, if you’re really up for it we could arrange a little torture session or even a killing for your benefit. I still have a pile a living cunt meat to get rid off anyway….”. Again this sadistic laugh echoed through the room. Jennifer didn’t know if he was kidding or serious. So what is this place? Are they really killing girls here? Of course Jennifer heard about snuff production studios but she always thought of them as some back alley underground establishments. This was one of the largest licensed porn production studios in the business. 

Jack turned on some sexy stripping music and pressed a couple of buttons at the camera. Then he left the room and did not even wait for Jennifer to start her stripping show, which upset her a little bit. What girl wouldn’t care if the only man in the room leaves, as soon as she is about to get get out of her clothes…? But then she figured it’s a just a job for him and she’s doing it for whoever might review the video later. So while being alone in the room with the camera she started to move in what she thought to be sexy stripping poses in front of the camera. As the summer dress and her panties were about the only pieces of clothing she wore it didn’t take her more than a minute until she stood completely naked in front of the camera. As instructed she then went to the table with more than a dozen different sex toys, mostly huge dildos. The dildos all had a large button on the back and were carefully placed on signs that read stuff like:

- regular
- metal spikes
- C4/explosive
- HIV sperm
- super glue
- acid
- electro shock
- poison

It did not take her long to realize that she should probably take the one from the label that read “regular”. The thought of having to use any of the other dildos gave her goose bumps.&nbsp; 
 
As Jennifer positioned herself in front of the camera, ready to push the tip of the “regular” dildo between her pussy lips, Jack opened the door and pushed a young gorgeous and almost naked girl in the room with him. The girl was sobbing and her red eyes were indicating that she must have been crying for days.&nbsp; Her body was covered in severe whip and burn marks. On her firm tits and her neck you could see stains from dried sperm. She was limping and when Jennifer took a closer look at her left foot she noticed that it was severely twisted and swollen. 

“I didn’t mean to interrupt you… go on fuck yourself on that dildo. But I hope you’re not one of the boring girls, that would take the regular one…?”&nbsp; Jennifer regreted her decision immediately… apparently this was some kind of “test”, which she was about to fail. 

“Never mind… you will learn what the other dildos do soon enough. Anyway, may I introduce you to Stephanie?&nbsp; Stephanie is 18 years old, 1,70 cm tall, weighs 50 kgs and she is sentenced to death for being a sex offender. Apparently she sent nude pictures of herself to a 17-year-old underage boy.”

Jennifer shook her head… “18? Are you sure? She looks like barely 15 to me”

“Jennifer, honey… we are a licensed execution facility. All the girls that are being executed her are legally sentenced to death and they are at least 18 BY DEFINITION. If a judge tells me this girl is 18 and we’re supposed to execute her, I have no reason to doubt him. Honestly I don’t give a shit how much candles were burning on her last fucking birthday cake or which birthday they will put on her fucking tomb stone after we’re done with her! And don’t get me started about the rumor that the judges are paid by our parent coorporation. Those allegations could never hold up in court. Anyways… as you’re obviously so into girls getting killed on camera I thought I gave you a little “backstage show”.”

When Stephanie heard those words she broke out in tears hysterically. But Jack just pushed her towards the middle of the room where some handcuffs were chained to the floor. He positioned the poor girl by kicking her legs apart with his heavy boots. Then he fixated her ankles by cuffing her to the ground so her legs were obscenely spread apart. With the push of a button a noose came slowly from the ceiling right behind Stephanie’s neck. He put her head through the noose and tightened the knot. With the push of another button the noose slowly went upwards…. Stephanie tried to lift her neck as far as possible; clumsily standing on her toes. Jack stopped the noose so that Stephanie could hardly breathe. Then he took a large knife and used the blade to let it glide all over her slim sexy body. Jennifer gasped as she saw how the blade slid across her legs… her belly, her breasts… and finally her crotch… with a sudden move he used the blade so slice through her thin cotton panties. But the blood that turned the white cotton slowly red&nbsp; was proof that he did not only cut the panties. 

As Jack went back to the table to grab a heavy steel chain with razor sharp edges, Jennifer could not hold back any longer and pushed the dildo deep into her pussy.

Jack approached Stephanie while swinging the chain in circles. As he stood directly in front of her he stopped for a second. Then he reached with his large hand right between her spread legs and almost tenderly caressed her slightly bleeding pussy lips. Carefully as if he was about to gently finger an unexperienced girl he spread her pussy lips with his fingers. 

“Stephanie, darling. I’m afraid it’s time to say good bye to that pussy. I hope you made good use of it, because in a couple of minutes it will be a bloody mess, that will not even be recognizable by your gyneocologist. But today’s your lucky day so I give you the chance to postpone your cunt destruction and put it to use one final time. You see, I will fuck you anyway. I can do it now while you cunt is still intact. You might even enjoy it… hell you might even have a last orgasm. Or I can fuck you AFTER I turned it into a bloody mess. I’m not sure If you’ll enjoy that so much. So I will now count down from 10, and if I have not heard the words FUCK ME NOW - DESTROY ME LATER I will start with the cunt destruction.”

Jack started swinging the heavy steel chain again - right underneath her spread legs. The tip of the chain passed her pussy lips only by inches.

“10…9…8…7…6…5…..4……3…..2…….”

“f…fuck m…me now….”

“What was that? I could not hear you!”

Tears were now streaming nonstop from her eyes… Her words were barely hearable.

“Fuck me….nnnn…now… des… destroy me later”

“I can’t hear you bitch!”, Jack yelled at hear while he let the tip of the chain hit her left knee cap with full force, apparently shattering her knee cap into a hundred bone pieces. 

“AAAH FUCK ME NOW, DESTROY ME LATER!!!”, Stephanie screamed in pain as her left leg could not support her any longer and she started stumbling, falling into the noose and therefore cutting off her air supply.

Jack smiled and pushed a button on a remote control. The noose went down and Stephanie slowly sank to the floor. He unzipped his pants and pulled them down. Jennifer gasped as she saw Jack’s huge rock hard cock. Jennifer had seen some large cocks in her life, but that thing was something else. As Jack positioned himself behind Stephanie, who was on her hands and knees, Jennifer almost envied Stephanie for the fuck that she was about to receive. 

“Jennifer, why don’t you lie down in front of Stephanie so she can eat your cunt out while I’m fucking her doggy style? But remember: You cuntbuster is still activated. This will be a test for your self control. You can enjoy it, but be careful not to cum!”

Jennifer didn’t hesitate. She immediately spread her legs in front of the young girl. As Stephanie obviously did not like the idea of having to lick another girl’s pussy, Jennifer simply grabbed her by the hair and pushed her face violently in her crotch. Jack seemed to like this kind of initiative and briefly smiled at Jennifer before he rammed his huge cock in between Stephanies&nbsp; spread cunt lips.

Jennifer always enjoyed to watch rough fucking scenes. In the days before the cuntbuster she would surf the web for hours, looking for the most extreme sex and rape scenes in the darkest corners of the net. But this was something else. Seeing this strong, muscle packed man, ramming his huge penis into the petite, child-like body of this sweet girl was the most violent sex act Jennifer had ever seen. And she had seen a lot. As Jack thrusted his cock into Stephanie, her whole body jerked forward violently.&nbsp; Stephanie had almost no chance to press her lips against Jennifer’s labia. With each of Jacks thrusts Stephanie’s chin was violently slammed against Jennifer’s open pussy. Jennifer could feel every thrust in her own vagina through Stephanies body. It was as if Jack was just using Stephanies petite body as an “extension” for his own penis to fuck Jennifer! So Jennifer just took the dildo that she had been using, shoved the end of it deep into Stephanies mouth and positioned the tip of the dildo at the entrance of her vagina. And there you had it: The perfect threesome. 

Jack obviously had no intention to win the „world’s best lover contest“. The way he fucked was more like a violent masturbation act, using a girl’s body instead of his right hand to jerk off. He did not care whether Stephanie would take joy or even an orgasm from it. And so it took only 3 minutes for Jack to pump a large amount of semen into Stephanie’s torn vagina. 

Jennifer couldn’t decide whether she should be relieved or disappointed that Jack simply used Stephanie as a human jerk-off-device. As the dildo in Stephanie’s mouth was pounding into her wet fuck hole she had a really hard time keeping in control and not allowing herself to cum. With the cuntbuster just waiting for an involuntary climax she learned to control herself pretty well over the last months. But this time was different. Watching and even somehow participating in this rough rape of a young and basically innocent and unbelievably good looking girl had to be the most erotic experience of her life.

As Jack pulled his still hard dick out of Steph’s pussy a large amount of semen dripped out of it. Jack must have really flooded this young love canal with his man cum. 

“Well, Steph… that was a great fuck! Thank you! It’s a shame we have to destroy that lovely sex organ now. So please turn around, lie on your back, spread you legs, close your eyes and count backwards from 10. You know what’s gonna happen if you don’t comply, right? Yes… we still have your sister who will be punished if you don’t comply with the court’s orders.”

Stephanie could not even cry any more. She was in a state of shock and disbelieve. It took her a couple of seconds to accept her fate. She lied down on her back, slowly spreading her legs to open up her now fully exposed vagina. She closed her eyes and started counting: “10…9…8…”

Jack grabbed the heavy steel chains again and started swinging them, so the 5 or 6 ends of the chains would fly closer and closer to Stephanies pussy.

“7…6….5… please! Do you really have to to this? I will do anything for you! you can fuck me whenever you want. I would be your personal sex slave! But please don’t do this!”, Stephanie begged!

“Shut up, bitch. I don’t need you. I can fuck and kill up to 20 girls a day if I want. But you know what? Let’s play a little game: Jennifer why don’t you come over here and sit down with your pussy on Stephanie’s mouth. Stephanie: I will stop the torture the second that you make Jennifer cum. She has a cuntbuster so that won’t be an easy task. But you should at least try!”

Jennifer was shocked… but she knew instantly that it would be useless to refuse or even protest. So she just kneeled down over Stephanie’s face… trembling out of excitement and fear. What if she really made her cum? The cuntbuster would kick in 10 seconds later and that would be the end of it. Jennifer felt a panic attack coming up. But there was nothing she could do right now. She just had to be strong.

“Alright, now go on with the countdown!”

“4…….3…….2………………”

Stephanies breasts were moving up and down rapidly… she was hyperventilating in a state of sheer terror and panic.

“…..1………….”

BANG! Jack smiled as the 5 chains hit Stephanies cunt lips for the first time. The impact was so violent that a small piece of her sensitive flesh was ripped off immediately, flying high in the air. An ear deafening scream echoed through the room. As Jennifer lowered her pussy on Stephanies open mouth the scream turned into a muffled noise. 

BANG! Another full hit right in the center of her exposed cunt. Seeing the tortured sex organ right in front of her with her pussy lips rubbing against her screaming mouth, Jennifer got some kind of adrenalin rush. The vibration of the screams and the hot air pressed out of Stephanies lungs made her labia tickle. Without any shame she just pushed the full weight of her body onto the girls mouth and nose. She felt the tip of Stephanies nose pressing against her extremely sensitive clitoris and she felt an uncontrollable urge to move her aroused sex organ violently up and down on the poor girl’s face. 

“Remember, Steph… this won’t stop until you made Jennifer cum!”

BANG another hit to her now bleeding and swelling labia.

Suddenly Jennifer felt Stephanie’s tongue pressing it’s way right between her pussy lips. Despite the pain, Stephanie actually tried to pleasure her with her tongue. This could not get any better… How was she supposed to control herself? 

BANG! This time the tip of a chain just slightly hit Stephanies clitoral hood… yanking it right out of her body along with half of the poor girl’s love knob. Jack smiled when he saw the damage and pain he had caused. He decided to change the “weapon of choice”.&nbsp; He put the chains aside, stood up and fixated the center of her crotch with his eyes. Then, without warning, he took a large swing with his right leg and crushed his heavy boots right into the girl’s cunt. Then he repeated the kick again… and again… and again. He must have kicked her cunt at least a dozen times. In the end he just jumped up in the air as high as he could&nbsp; and came crushing down with his right foot onto her exposed crotch. A cracking sound announced that he must have broken her pelvic bones.

Jennifer could not believe the brutality she was witnessing.&nbsp; While she felt sorry for the girl she also felt empowered and blood thirsty. And she was so incredibly horny that she could not even think straight any longer. For a while she actually forgot where she was and who she was. Shamelessly rubbing her sex organ in the pretty face of a young innocent girl, that had her own sex organ being torn apart was the biggest turn-on she could think of…. and then it happened… the moment she had feared for more than year… she reached the point of no return. The point were she could not stop it any more, even if she tried. She stopped moving but Stephanie’s tongue kept playing with her clit. Stephanie’s desperate attempts to make her cum finally worked.

“Oh no… I’m cumming! I’m cumming! Oh no… I’m cumming!!”. 

In an desperate attempt to make it stop, she just held her breath… but that just made it “worse” and she came with an tremendous orgasm. Her whole body started shaking, her legs were trembling and she started squirting her fluids all over Stephanies face… drowning her in her girl cum. 

Jack just stood there smiling at Jennifer. Then he took his smart phone and tapped on the touch screen for while. When Jennifer opened her eyes, she slowly realized that her cuntbuster would blow her up any second now. Anxiously she waited a couple more seconds… but nothing happened.

“I reconfigured the countdown for your cuntbuster to 120 seconds. Jennifer, if you want to save yourself you will have to kill Stephanie in the next two minutes. Actually it’s 1 Minute and 40 seconds now… so you better hurry up!”

Jennifer was shocked. Killing her? Watching her getting tortured was one thing. But killing her with her own hands? She actually expected that Stephanie would not survive the day but she thought that Jack would kill her. Now he wanted her to become a murderer? But then again… Stephanie was in a lot of pain. Killing her would put her out of her misery. And wasn’t she sentenced to death anyway? Jennifer knew that she didn’t have more time to waste. In a little more than a minute her womb would explode if she didn’t do it. So there was really no alternative. But how could she do it? Jennifer started to panic. She looked around and the first thing that she saw was the table with the different dildos on it. A dildo might not be the first thing that comes to your mind when you’re looking for a murder weapon, but those were not regular dildos. So she just grabbed the first one and without thinking about it she pressed the tip of the dildo in Stephanies mouth. Then she pushed it in as far as it would go. She looked in Stephanie’s sad eyes. Stephanie didn’t even try to resist. She must have been to weak and in too much pain. Jennifer closed her eyes and pushed the button. Then she felt the dildo jerking violently in Stephanies mouth and she heard a gurgeling sound coming from it. As Jennifer looked closer she saw a long and sharp spike that had apparently shot out of the dildo’s tip. The spike went all the way through the back of her throat and came out of the back of Stephanie’s neck. After a couple of seconds the gurgeling subsided. Stephanie didn’t breath any more. She was dead.

Jack watched the entire scene while stroking his still hard cock. He approached Stephanie’s body and ejaculated right into her once beautiful face. 

Then he grabbed his smart phone und reprogrammed Jennifer’s cuntbuster.

Relieved and exhausted, Jennifer sank to the floor. That was one hell of an audition. And if it was any indication of how the new game show would be like, then she HAD to be in it. „Well, I’d say we will invite you to the second audition next week. So far I like what I see. A perverted girl like you that would kill for an orgasm would certainly fit the profile. We’ll keep in touch. In the meantime I programmed your cuntbuster to allow 2 orgasms within the next 7 days. Enjoy. You really deserved them. See you next week!“


…to be continued….





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Impaler49152


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





