BDSM Library - Alimony Day




Alimony Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His Ex comes to get her monthly check, and puts him through all sorts of femdom paces...but he loves it...he just wishes she'd let him cum!






Noble Vickers fussed around nervously, wiping cabinets and dusting the living room. When Belvin came, he didn't want her to become annoyed because the place was not in good shape.

 The first night that Noble had brought Belvin home after meeting her at The Hornet's Nest, a D/S dive bar just outside Buttermilk County, Belvin had tossed her amber tresses and ordered Noble's pants down.

He'd just met her a few hours before, and they'd made out a bit at the bar...he knew her proclivities but...he'd just met her! "Down, take your trousers DOWN!" 

Gone were the ideas of sharing a glass of wine, perhaps giving her a&nbsp; little salmon on toast...the date as an adult man had dissolved, Belvin had pulled a rather nasty balsa wood paddle from her bag, the kind you bounce a red ball on a string from, and Noble had gone over Bel's fishnet thighs...his naked penis pressing against the soft skin...

The spanking fantasy of a submissive man was nothing like the reality of having that repeated sting of the sharp wood against Noble's unfortunate bared rear, and his cheeks had undergone something out of a nightmare. Mom and Dad had been "time-out" permissive parents, and there really was some argument for that...but Belvin was something else, a force of nature.

"You keep WHACK!!! this place like WHACK!!! a shithouse, WHACK!!! I can't believe all the gunk WHACK!!!&nbsp; under WHACK!!!&nbsp; your fridge, WHACK!!! and there WHACK!!!&nbsp; are like, WHACK!!! tumbleweeds and WHACK!!!&nbsp; shit rolling WHACK!!! in front of your WHACK!!! couch. Don't WHACK!!!&nbsp; wiggle, hold WHACK!!!&nbsp; still! And you WHACK!!!&nbsp; think this --I said WHACK!!! hold still WHACK!!!&nbsp; and take your WHACK!!!&nbsp; medicine!--is a place WHACK!!!&nbsp; to bring a WHACK!!!&nbsp; woman? The WHACK!!! arrogance!"

And Noble, all of thirty-four years old, had kicked his thighs miserably, howling and screaming, when intellectually he knew he could have just gotten up and tossed the one hundred ten pound redhead out of the house SO easily. But he was helpless, poor bastard. Noble was helpless, this on his first date, an assault from the rear, so to speak.

When she'd pulled him to his feet, he'd stared at her...the curling hair, Bel's curves as they'd melted snugly into her blue&nbsp; Pleather short-skirt with the plunging neckline. Despite Noble's weeping, his penis had stuck out between his shirt-tails and Bel had snapped it with&nbsp; her fire-engine red talon and it had expired, and this had given poor Noble fresh tears.

And then, the rest of the evening, he'd been forced to clean his own house, shuffling around in his britches bunched around&nbsp; his ankles, while&nbsp; his blazing buttock cheeks had been on full display, and when he'd forgotten to vaccuum a various corner. WHACK! 

The paddle had come down again. By midnight, when Belvin had left, poor Noble had gotten no booty, but the house was quite spotless, and as he'd watched Belvin's BMW tool out of the cul-de-sac, he'd miserably pumped his bulging purple organ, kneeling on the couch with his drawers still at his ankles...thinking of her heaving bosom and the swinging paddle.

Now, Noble went over the living room carefully, making sure everything was in order. There was some comfort in the fact that Noble no longer had a five bedroom three bath house in a suburban cul-de-sac anymore...

Belvin lived there now, and Noble just had his efficiency apartment with a kitchenette, and really, that was more than enough to clean, although last month, when Belvin had come by for her alimony check, she'd noticed a glass in the sink, and she'd been so pissed off she'd suspended mousetraps from Noble's&nbsp; nipples and made him stand in the corner for most of her visit.

And, worst of all, she'd refused to take off his chastity device. Not even for a frustrating tease, to say nothing of the supervised masturbation, his "wank-wank" time that was so cherished, and that he'd been waiting for, counting on for thirty miserable days of penile lockdown...and now, since he'd not gotten release, it was sixty days!

How Noble had cried that night, thirty days ago. He had had such hope of getting to cum. Cumming on Bel's monthly visits was not guaranteed, but generally, after four or five weeks of being locked up, Bel took pity and gave poor Noble some kind of release.

One time she'd refused to take off the chastity cage, but she'd stripped him down and sat on his face with her high heels on his nipples, grinding them until inadvertently, Noble had cum. Another time she'd stripped him and kicked his penis to a squirtie, and of course there was the night Belvin had cuffed Noble's wrists behind his back and let him rub his naked cock against his late mother's Oriental rug until he'd finally had an accident...as she called it.

And more than once, now and during the marriage, Bel had brought a couple of young men home... and had Noble lick her juices off their pulsating cocks. It was truly disgusting...particularly when she'd ordered Noble to dress in a wig and full makeup and heels for these events...but then she'd usually allowed him to "rub one out" before being re-locked in the belt, and it was an experience, beating off while the twentysomething stud laughed and pointed his finger.

It just seemed so unfair to keep him locked! He didn't have to give her alimony, he'd chosen to, since she already owned his house and half his business, and was fucking young men left and right...but he so loved Bel!

They'd had an eight year marriage, and a thirteen year relationship, the marriage included. Whenever Bel talked about moving to New York or San Francisco, or even leaving Buttermilk Falls for a quick trip to Europe, Noble talked her out of it, bribing her with a raise in alimony, or a tennis bracelet or something.

It was tough, of course, not being able to date during the thirty days he didn't see her. His dick was locked and he really couldn't afford his previous entertainments--hockey games, golf outings...a lot of Noble's cash went to Bel, and of course he spent a lot more on BDSM sites....a mistake? Probably. 

Finally it was eight o'clock. Bel had promised she would come this week, and every night from eight to ten Noble stripped to his chastity belt and knelt in the foyer waiting for her to come in. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday had passed, no Belvin...his knees had hurt and he'd been depressed, missing his TV shows and of course his porn, and having to ignore the phone when it rang...kneeling there, almost naked for three HOURS.

But tonight Noble again undressed, knelt on the hard wooden foyer floor, with a icy martini in front of him. When the ice melted, he'd get up very briefly to refresh the drink, as he didn't want his princess to have a substandard cocktail.

The cane and the strap and a Ping-Pong paddle were sitting on the coffee table.&nbsp; If Bel was in a pissy mood, she'd probably make poor Noble stick his cock out for a five whack thrashing....but after the punishment, she'd let Noble between her glorious thighs, let him lick up the used semen from her other "friends" and then bring her to repeated orgasms...before she decided whether he'd get one of his own...

The dooor opened, and Noble looked up, hopefully...









The door opened, and the kneeling&nbsp; Noble was gratified to see Belvin enter, on her clip clop high heels...six inches, spikes, of course. Bel was wearing a short purple minidress with a zipper up the side, and her cleavage was plunging, and her breasts swelled against it.

Behind Bel came a tired looking man...oh, yes...Emmett. Emmett had originally&nbsp; been one of Belvin's lovers, but somehow she'd gotten his mindset into slave mode, so Noble had gone from servicing Emmett occasionally, and licking Emmett's semen out of Bel's shaved quim, to kneeling side by side, quite often.

Emmett was holding a plastic gallon container that used to have two percent milk in it, but now was filled with a pale yellow liquid. Noble was quite accustomed to seeing urine, drinking urine, etc...this wasn't piss. It looked like Mountain Dew.

" Up, Noble, don't wear your knees out. Thanks." She took the drink that Noble had prepared from his hand, and gave him a sweet kiss on the neck. Noble's penis surged against his chastity device. God, Bel was such a beautiful girl! She was at least twenty-nine, but looked about nineteen or twenty...it just blew Noble away how enchanting she was.

Belvin turned, tossing her amber curls, and her glossy lips smirked at Emmett. "Get undressed, lamebrain." She paused. Bel took the plastic gallon jug from Emmett, and held it up, wiggling it at Noble.

"You want to know what's in this bottle, Mr. Vickers? It's great stuff. This is a full gallon of pre-cum...teased out of the loser to your left."

Noble's eyes bugged. Sure, a little precum might leave a cock after an hour's teasing maybe a couple of tablespoons. But this was a big , heavy jug of it! He looked questioningly at the now naked Emmett, and then back at Belvin, who nodded, giggling.

Emmett was now standing naked, and Noble could see that Emmett's penis was already erect, and somewhat purplish. Emmett now had put his hands behind his head and was looking sort of sad.

"See, he's much better trained than you, babe." Belvin said with a snicker. "I can send him to work and back home and don't have to lock him up. "

Seeing Noble's look of disbelief, Bel went on. "I can call Emmett on his cell and order Emmett to jerk his dick for a half hour in his little personal executive bathroom...sometimes I'll give him trigger words, like "stock" "bond" "percent" "spreadsheet' and every time he reads one he has to do ten minutes of masturbation, without cumming of course."

Emmett, hands still behind his head, stared at the floor. Bel reached over and ran her long red nails up and down his stiff cock&nbsp; lightly. "You like the way he keeps his hands behind his head?

 When I whip your pee-pee, Noble, you have to be tied down because you scream and howl and grab your dick and run away...but not only can I let Noble out of my sight without locking him up but I can torture his penis and his nipples without him moving his hands from behind his head..."

Belvin reached into her purse and shook out a Marlboro cigarette, and let Noble light it for her. She puffed showily, and then took the cigarette and pressed it hard against Emmett's right nipple.

Belvin held the cigarette there and Emmett, tears straining down his cheeks, kept his hands behind his head, yes, with gritted teeth as the cigarette burned out on his nipple. Finally the butt extinguished itself, and Bel snapped her fingers...Emmett opened his mouth and she tossed it in, and they watched Emmett chew and swallow the butt in silence.

"Funny--Emmett's mother died of lung cancer, and he's on the board of the Buttermilk Falls American Cancer Society, but even though he's never smoked, I like to give him a little taste of what he's missing...he threw up the first few times..." Bel snorted at a memory.

"I have four sisters who are in the scene--Bronte is a submissive here in town, Brynne is a professional domme in Ohio, Breanne as you know manages the Hornet's Nest where we met...

And Briendel is a tease and denial expert...she has a whole website with a key holding service, and she taught me how to massage Emmett's dick and gather precum...it took three weeks to get this much into the jug, teasing Em four hours a day...and yeah, he cried and bitched the whole fuckin' time."

Four hours a day. Noble both envied and pitied Emmett...because Bel was such a feathery fingered teasetrix. God, Noble remembered during their marriage, how Belvin would rub Noble's cock while she watched television, before locking him up for the night

Sometimes she'd quiz Noble on the shows they'd watched, and of course Noble wasn't paying attention...and then she'd punish Noble by giving him an enema and locking him in the closet in the garage, in the winter, or in the dog kennel during the summer, naked, and trying to slap mosquitoes while crouched in the little cage. Just because he couldn't remember Walter White's wife's name, or who the new girl was on "The Bachelor."

And night after night, Noble had gone to sleep, crying himself to sleep, really, because he was so horny...waiting for the rare occasions when he was allowed to masturbate to orgasm--somehow Emmett had voluntarily become a chaste cuckold, too.

Now Belvin was stroking Emmett slowly, and giggling as his empurpled erection began dripping. Quickly, she unscrewed the cap to the milk jug and put it under Emmett's leaking organ.

"So are you ready to drink this stuff up for us, Noble, honey? That's one of your requirements to cum this week...drink down a gallon of pre-cum, and then give Emmett his relief, by blowing him! That's over a month of backed-up semen sewage for you to gulp, but after that I will unlock you...it's been sixty days, right?"

Emmett began moaning as Bel stroked faster, and then suddenly she took her soft fingers away, and pinched the tip of his cock&nbsp; between the sharp nails of thumb and forefinger and pinched hard, and Emmett gasped, and burst into tears, but his penis wilted a little.

"Believe you me, baby...Emmett has earned it. Last night I had some of my biker friends over, and I had Emmett dress up as "Emmie" in a nice poofy white dress and in full makeup-drag. This is such a good experience I thought for the captain of the Buttermilk Falls Rugby Team...I had to take him to get electrolysis to get rid of all that nasty hair!"

Emmett began sobbing silently, probably because of the humiliating memory, or maybe because he was so damn horny.

"And then I had Emmie use his mouth and his asshole to accommodate lots of dicks...I told the boys that Emmie was on the rag, so they could just pull down her panties from the back...and by midnight, Emmie was full of twenty men's semen!"

"So now, if you want to cum, Noble, honey...you'll get to work, sippin' at the jug and then slurping Emmett's wee-wee...you up to it?"









SOME WEEKS LATER

Regrettably, Noble just couldn't bring himself to suck Emmett's dick, mostly because Emmett was another slave, and&nbsp; Noble found that too humiliating. He did drink the pre-cum, but that was the best he could do. Bel&nbsp; had tossed Noble the keys to his chastity belt and told him that she was through, and let him off the hook for the alimony even...but she wanted no more to do with him, because he wasn't really submissive.

After they'd left, Noble had unlocked himself, but horny as he was, he couldn't imagine life without Bel...and he didn't want to cum unless she was watching, and doing her little jeer. On the other hand, although he'd sucked many other men's dicks for her, never had he sucked a slave's. 

When Emmett had been Bel's lover, Noble had obediently fellated&nbsp; Em numerous times...but the status had changed. But, after a frustrating week more, Noble called Bel in tears...and Bel&nbsp; had suggested that Noble visit her friend, Mistress Serbyn, who specialized in opening up a slave's limits.

Serbyn was across the river from Buttermilk County, in the town of Cosmopolis, and she charged a pretty penny for her services, but Noble knew he had to get help, and of course just now he was no longer on the hook for alimony to Belvin.

Serbyn was a beautiful black girl, who very much resembled Vanessa Williams. Serbyn had been raised in the U.K., and schooled in Switzerland, so she was quite posh. Within moments of meeting her, and giving Serbyn her tribute,&nbsp; Noble was naked on his stomach, the chastity belt removed.

Noble's penis was poked out between his legs, and Serbyn was slamming a strap-on dildo in his ass....when he bitched about the size, bigger than any man who had sodomized him for Bel, Serbyn had pulled out, and gotten her cane and whacked his penis five or six times, hard SNAPS as it lay between his legs while Noble wept on his belly...

"Noble, you just need to pray for the willingness to serve." Serbyn said later, after Noble had been released and was kneeling naked in front of her. Serbyn was wearing a gorgeous short tube top, bright pink, that barely held her magnificent 36C breasts, and her crossed long legs waved gently at him.

"I think I will hold your key and keep you in chastity until you have been trained sufficiently to --or really broken to the point that you come back to Bel and beg her to let you suck her slave's dick. After all, he also can't cum until you're ready, so you are inconveniencing everyone."

For Noble's homework, he had to transcribe three pages of the dictionary every night, and spend an hour deep throating a dildo. "You can do it while you watch the 'Big Bang Theory' if you want" Serbyn assured him helpfully.

Noble was really missing Belvin. He called and found out that Bel had invited Emmett's old fraternity buddies over, and made Emmett serve them food and wine while he was wearing full makeup and a tutu, and then he was forced to go around and fellate those who were willing to be sucked off, a surprising nine out of twelve guys...the utter humiliation Emmett must've gone through when he lost his friends, who became his masters (and a couple had whipped Em in the bargain) made&nbsp; Noble terribly aroused.

"I hope Serbyn can change you to a palatable slave boy"&nbsp; Bel had said helpfully...

The next week, Serbyn put Noble through an exhausting electrolysis, getting rid of all his body hair, and then put him in a dress and escorted him to the Buttermilk Greyhound station. 

The bus depot was filled with drunken winos, and Noble was forced to fellate one, which was a disgusting proposition, but the bum wasn't a sexual submissive, so it was better than it could have been.

The week after that, Serbyn took Noble forty miles away to Garthwaite City, to a dungeon where he did a lot of embarrassing, unprintable things...you haven't lived till you've been suspended to a high ceiling, with buckets of sand hanging from your testicles. five feet from the ground.

Noble was starting to re-evaluate things....

Serbyn could tell, though that Noble was still quite stubborn about servicing another submissive. She doubled the dictionary pages and gave him a bigger strap-on to suck.

Noble felt more submissive, though.&nbsp; Noble had a secretary, Unity, who was normally rather obedient herself--meaning she'd always looked up to Noble and been very subservient, and she'd had a bit of a crush, perhaps.

One day, when Unity seemed tense in the office, Noble gave her a shoulder massage as she typed--within weeks he was kneeling under her desk and going down on her, to the point that Unity, a conservative little blonde, stopped wearing panties to work.

Very soon after that, Unity became annoyed with Noble's spelling mistakes, and one day she ordered Noble to remove his belt and take down his pants, and then regular over the knee spankings started...

But Noble's production really seemed to improve with time...and he was still going over to Cosmopolis on weekends to visit with Serbyn, who was doing her best to make progress with him!

One night, after Unity had invited Noble to dinner at her apartment, only to order him to suck off her gay brother and his friends, Noble held his face in his hands in the car outside his apartment. Unity had used a frying pan on his bare ass, and he was starting to wonder, while shifting uncomfortably in the seat, whether he was going insane. He missed Belvin terribly.

And eventually, again, Noble called her. Bel invited Noble over, and locked Emmett in a closet for the evening. She stripped naked and let Noble give her one of his famous Shiatsu massages, and he gloried in touching her beautiful breasts, long legs...and spreading oil around her ass cheeks.

After the massage, and a little cunnilingus , Bel stroked Noble's cock in its cage--it was one of those deals where there were little bars and Bel's long nails could tease the skin without danger of Noble cumming...because of course he could not achieve a full erection.

Bel was lying on the bed, and Noble was standing by it, with his hands behind his back...naked except for the cage...and she was still naked, and he was going crazy.

Unity, the secretary had also been stroking Noble on and off at work, and now and then they'd go to a motel during lunch hour and Unity would get her orgasms from Noble's willing mouth...

And then she'd stroke him the same way...and by the time he returned to work, he had a raging hard-on that was cramped in the little barred cage.

Now Noble tried to maintain his composure as Belvin poked a little forefinger into the cage and rubbed the purplish penis, which was in a state of agony as it attempted to fill with blood. 

Bel reached into the night table drawer and pulled out a box of kitchen matches--the big wooden kind--and she struck one, and deftly put it through the bars of the cage, burning Noble to the point that he shrieked.

"Good, you didn't take your hands from behind your back when I burned you...sorry for the little red mark in there. I know it hurts. You know I'd take the cage off and rub you&#8217;re little wee-wee with lotion--you'd love that--but Serbyn has the key."

Belvin struck another match and tossed it into the cage where it caught, and burned while Noble danced around, crying...but he didn't move his hands from behind his back!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  colonel lunchmeat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





