BDSM Library -  Finally




 Finally
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A lonely submissive wife craves the domination her vanilla husband doesn't provide, until her sleep-talking reveals her deepest, darkest needs.






Finally

By SweetCheeks88

The clock chimed the eleventh hour. He was fast asleep beside her as she stared into the darkness of the night through his bedroom window. She thought to herself that for every star that she could see through that space in the wall was a hollow place in her soul, longing to be completed by something she had yet to figure out.
Although he had made love to her per the norm just an hour ago, she had never felt more alone and untouched in all of her womanhood. The soft tear trickling down her left cheek onto the pillow covered in her golden ringlets was the ever familiar reminder of just how miserable she felt inside.
She closed her eyes as if to stop her tears, to stop her useless crying. What good does crying do? What good comes from the emotions unseen by the man who needed to know them the most? Unable to hold back her quivering chin and rising chest dying to let out her sobs, she released that built-up silent scream into the night.
She turned to look at the man beside her, wondering which was valid: the way he made her feel like a princess or the way he neglected her, never seeing the woman deep inside of her. As she reached over with her right hand to trace the the path from the nape of his neck down to the birth mark midway down his soft back, she longed to feel the chills this had always given him. The tender touch of her soft fingertips along his back always enticed him. He stirred, grumbled something incomprehensible and pulled the cover up over his shoulder, drifting back to sleep. She quickly retreated her touching him as if she'd just touched a hot iron. Her gaze went back to the stars lighting up the room as she turned away from him, hugging the pillow in front of her, for dear life.
Oh, how she longed for his warm touch after they had made love. Was it making love to him? Or was she just another task on his list to cross out before going to sleep that night? She grasped the pillow closer to her breasts, resting her chin on it, embracing the pillow how she'd longed to be embraced.
Her tired body drifted into a deep realm of darkness, pushing her emptiness aside long enough to let her sleep in peace.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Baby...it's time."
His deep morning tone had startled her. Trying to open her still-sleeping eyes, she gently snuggled her sweet, angelic face into the pillow beneath her in an attempt to completely awaken. Her body had been turned face down in the center of his plush mattress, the white sheets covering her now bare behind. The back of her black satin and lace night gown bad been pushed halfway up her pretty back as her curls blanketed across it.
In efforts to turn toward him and question that statement, she realized she could not move.
A shocked look had frozen her face as she looked to her left wrist bound to one side of the bed railing, looking to see the same had been done to her right.
She heard his deep, soft chuckle.
She tried bringing her feet up with the same failed attempt to move freely.
A soft moan crossed his half-grinning lips as his eyes beheld his work of art before him.
He knelt behind her, his knees spreading her legs wider apart by pressing against her inner thighs. His strong, heavy hand traveled upward from her round, soft, ivory bottom, up her delicate back, stopping at the nape of her neck. He gently gave her two deep massaging grips to her neck before grabbing a handful of her soft hair, pulling her back to where she could only look into his eyes as he was above her.
His jaw clenched, eyes cutting straight into her, grasping her hair even tighter into his strong grip. A soft, quivering gasp sang softly into the cool morning air blowing across her beautiful face, glued to him.
"Is this what your Master was doing when you called out his name this morning?"





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sweetcheeks88


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





