BDSM Library -  loving my mother




 loving my mother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   sadism, love and perversion between two people






Mama - 59 yrs

Me - 33 yrs

Riko - Japanese slave 20yrs

Xanny - Thai Slave - 25 yrs

Parisa - Thai slave - 35 yrs

"Who is she to you?"

"She is my mother, my mistress and my lover. But she is more than that - she is my whore, my slave, my pain-slut, my toilet"

"And you to her?"

"I am her son, her master and her lover. I am her slave and toilet!"

"I love xiao mama because she spends every waking moment trying to discover new perverted ways for us to enjoy each others bodies. When we are not fucking or torturing each other she constantly searches porn sites looking for new kinks, new perversions for us to try. She is never sated - she is a deep a pervert as I am, a mirror"

"I love her screams of pain as much as I love her screams of pleasure just as she equally enjoys torturing me. She whips and burns my cock because she loves me, worships me - I am her god just as I grovel at her feet..."

She has me tied down a pair of her filthy panties stuffed in my mouth. My cock is rock hard, my hips thrusting towards her, reaching for her, begging for release. I have been in chastity for days, waiting for her to come home and release me. I will have to work for my cum, endure torture and humiliation before she wanks my load into one of her eager holes.

We play with others. Parisa is sandwiched between us. Mama's strapon fucking her cunt while I fuck the asshole. We thrust together, moaning into each other's mouths as we fuck. We have already inserted dildos in our assholes to give even more pleasure to ourselves. The slave screams at such violation, the sound egging us on. We rut into her holes, showing no mercy or love - we only love one another, everyone else, all of our numerous playthings, are just meat to be used for our pleasure. When we have finished torturing and raping this cunt we will fall into each other's arms telling each other how much we love one another.

I have mama in a sex harness and have been working her cunt with a bullwhip for over an hour. She has passed out with the pain several times. Despite the torture she opens her legs to me, welcoming my whip upon her mature cunt. I beat her without mercy, hitting her as hard as I can, telling her how much I love her. Through her screams she tells me she loves me and begs me to hit her cunt harder. Both our bodies shine with sweat, our eyes elated in perversion and love. When my arm is too tired to beat her cunt I take a cigarette lighter and begin to burn her on her inner thighs and on her toes. I know everything that I do to her she will love just as I know she will do all the same things to me when I release her from her harness. The harder I torture her now the more she will torture me later until we are both sated, our bodies broken but our perverted minds satisfied.

God I love this woman, she is everything to me!

I watch her take three cocks at the same time. The black slaves fuck her mercilessly in the cunt, asshole and mouth. She mewls in pleasure as the big black cocks piston in and out of her. When they have shot their cum deep inside of her three more slaves will service her until her body is covered in cum and her holes are filled. I watch, wanking, enjoying every moment. When she is finished she comes to me her delicious body glistening in cum. She feeds me her tit and I suck it clean of cum, then the other. She kisses me deeply, splitting massive globs of sperm into my mouth. I swallow it greedily and spit some back into her mouth. We share the cum, enjoying its flavour like wine. Finally she tells me

"Clean mummy"

I lower my head and feed from her cunt sucking out string after string of cum. She moans deeply pushing the back of my head with her hand, grinding her sex into my face. Next she offers me her arsehole and I devour its offering also, filling myself with her gift. She lies down and I begin to lick her body, cleaning every last bit of cum juice. My cock is burning with desire and when I have eaten my fill I penetrate her, fucking her hard and fast, cumming quickly. When I have shot my load I crawl down and feed on my own cum from her cunt, returning to spit the mess into her mouth. We swap cum for several minutes as she wanks my cock, getting me back to hardness so I can fuck her in the arse.

I am on all fours in front of her, wearing her lingerie and wanking as I watch a Japanese fetish porno on the TV in front of us. She leans in behind and begins to tongue my asshole, lapping on it with relish. She loves rimming me, and I love to be rimmed. She strong hands wank my cock as she tongue fucks my asshole, sending waves of pleasure through my body.

"fuck me mama, fuck your baby!"

She is wearing her large black strapon. She gets on her back and I straddle her piercing myself on her cock. She enters me deeply and fucks me without preamble. I bounce on her cock forcing more of it inside of me. She begins to wank me with one hand occasionally reaching up to twist my nipples through my lingerie. I am in heaven, my asshole, cock and nipples being pleasured simultaneously. I place my cock between her succulent tits and begin to tittyfuck her. Her head rises to take my cockhead in her lips, tonguing my jap-eye. I reach down to maul her breasts, twisting her nipples savagely, uncaring of how much I hurt them even as she gives everything to pleasure me. She understands, she knows how good I feel when I hurt her and she accepts the torture willingly. She will do anything to give me pleasure, suffer the cruellest pain if it allows me to cum hard. I feel the same. She can do anything to me, whip my cock, rape my ass, force metal rods down my uthera, clamp my balls in a vice, electrocute my nipples. We are always searching for new ways to torture each other, looking for new devices and toys to inflict maximum pain. I shoot my load all over her tits and face. Plucking myself from her cock I move down to suck off the cum and we share it as always...

I lie on the bathroom floor as she squats over me. I admire her beautiful old cunt inches above my face. I force my head up a bit to lovingly lick her labia and tongue her clit. She grunts and pisses into my face. I open my mouth and gulp down her nectar, regretting every drop I miss. Later I will lick her piss from the floor, wasting nothing. I love being her toilet, I could spend my life as her urinal. 

"drink mommy baby!" she laughs.

"wo shi ni de matong mama!" is gasp as I drink her piss.

"yes my baby, mommy love you baby, mommy give you all her peepee!"

My cock is steel as I drink from her. She squats over it gently playing with it as her arse strains. A delicious brown turd falls from her asshole sliding down my pole and landing softly on my belly. I moan and trust upwards as the smell of her beautiful shit hits me. She takes the turd and works it into my cock wanking me hard with the slime. As she does this she takes some of her shit and rubs it into her tits and belly and finally her cunt. Soon we are both covered in her shit and we writhe together on the bathroom floor, playing with it, licking it from each other's bodies and finally fucking, my shit covered cock ramming into her equally shitty cunt.

"oh my beautiful fuck-hole cunt" I tell her as I fuck her as hard as I can. Crazed with lust I punch her in the face as I fuck her and her head snaps back against the floor. She moans in pain but her thighs still hold me in a vice. Excited, I smack her again, splitting her lip.

"Oh my son, beat mommy!" 

"yes mommy cunt, take it you fucking whore, you beautiful shit eating slut!

I beat her without mercy, without logic. I pull my cock out of her and stand so that I can kick her in the chest and stomach, landing blow after blow, only pausing to occasionally pull on my cock. She moans and screams and finally goes limp not even defending herself from my savage attack. I fall on her my cock pulsing and harder than ever before. I force it into her gaping bloody mouth and fuck her face to orgasm, spewing my seed all over her face.

Afterwards I hold her quivering body, washing away the shit, blood and cum with my tongue telling her how much I love her, fearing that this time I have gone too far. She revives briefly and her hand comes up to gently stroke my face

"mommy love you erzi, you my baby forever. Fuck mommy forever..."

I wash her and myself in the bath and carry her to bed where I spoon her and gently fuck her arse until we drift off to sleep. Tomorrow it will be my turn to be the slave and god only knows what delicious torments she will have in store for me.

We lie in bed together watching torture porn. I lie between her legs the back of my head resting on her tits. She has dressed me in some of her black lace lingerie and has inserted a large black butt-plug into my rectum. My cock has been restrained in some leather cords as I munch and lick greedily on a pair of her unwashed panties. Occasionally she shifts to piss a little into a wine glass and feeds it to me. I return the favour forcing my tortured cock into the wine glass to piss and passing it up to her. She slurps it down greedily, never sated. She would drink a gallon of my piss if she could. On the porno a Pilipino slave is being scourged by a leather-clad German dominatrix. The mistress whips the Asian in a frenzy laughing as another two slaves service her cunt and asshole with their mouths. We groan contentedly at the scene, exiting ourselves and already mentally planning our own evening of perversion . We never manage to finish our porn movies as we usually become too excited and start fucking. Mama is already twisting her own nipples and has most of her fist plugged into her cunt, frigging herself into a frenzy. I turn on her and force my twisted engorged cock inside her. The leather cock restraints cut into me and rip at the insides of her cunt but it does not reduce the tempo of our lovemaking. The pain only heightens it. I bite down on one of her nipples as I thrust as she reaches for a flogger beside the bed to beat my thumping ass. She flogs me hard, encouraging me to fuck harder, beating me to orgasm. We come together, crying and moaning, trembling in each other's arms. As always I clean out the cum from her cunt and spit it into her waiting mouth so that we can both enjoy its taste. My cum is never wasted when we fuck. Even when I fuck our slaves I pull out at the last moment and shoot it in her or on a part of her body. If I do cum in a slave I will suck it out of their hole and then feed it to mama.

Tonight our toilet slaves Suzy and Emily will be joining us. Emily is my toilet and Suzy is mama's. We plan on giving ourselves enemas and shitting the result all over them. After that we will stuff a double edged dildo into our assholes and fuck against each other as the two slaves suck on our genitals with their shitty mouths. We will then strap them to torture racks and work their bodies over. Mama wants to put rap-traps on Suzy's tits and clit, I want to pour hot oil into Emily's cunt and asshole and then fuck both holes with my fist. When the two slaves are used up mama and I will retire to the master bedroom on our own for some intimate lovemaking. This will be the last night together for two weeks. Mama is having a breast augmentation surgery tomorrow to make her tits even bigger for me and will need some time to heal. I have committed to being in chastity until we can fuck again so after a whole night of sordid fucking mama will lock my cock up in a chastity cage and keep the key.

Mama has bought me a new slave to entertain me while she is away. She is a beautiful Japanese slave called Riko. I will not be able to fuck her so I will spend the next two weeks torturing her and raping her with dildos, letting my frustration out on her nubile body. By the time mama returns with her beautiful new breasts I will be half crazy with lust but mama has promised we will fuck like animals and I can shoot my load ten times and as a special reward I can stick heated pins in mama's clit and cunt lips. The night after that we intent to fuck Riko together after a marathon torture session. Mama has also been hoarding a large supply of used panties for me to chew on while she is away so I don't forget her delicious cunt and asshole. 

I kneel before her as she spreads her legs allowing me to watch her engorged cunt and brown asshole. She fucks both her holes with two gigantic black dildos stretching them to obscene sizes. I never seen anything so beautiful while I pull on my cock. My mouth is forced open in a brace and my tongue hangs out, darting, wishing to lick her juices. 

"yes by baby, watch mommy play" she coos, lost in her own pleasure.

"baby wants to fuck mommy" I beg, my words distorted by the brace "your baby wants mommy's cunthole!"

"No my son, mommy torture baby first, make baby scream. Then baby play with mommy's cunt, play with mommy's asshole!"

"yes mommy, torture me hard! I gasp still wanking myself "whip baby's willy, burn baby's nipples, rape baby's ass!"

"yes my sonnnnnn!"

Her hands are a blur as she pistons the dildos in and out of her holes. I match her rhythm, wanking myself hard but careful not to go over the edge and shoot. My cum must be preserved, used as she instructs. Her feet shoots out and she buries it in my gasping mouth. I suck on her toes, licking each one, the heady smell of them exiting me even more. 

"oh mommy, oh mama, I love you!" I gurgle, my eyes glazed with lust "use me momma, make me your toilet!"

She laughs as she fucks herself, knowing that I will do anything for her, endure any pain, commit any obscene act. She rips the dildo from her asshole and for a second I am mesmerized by her beautiful gaping shit-hole as it winks and closes. She pulls her foot from my sucking mouth and replaces it with the dildo, forcing it deep into my mouth. I gag but hold it, deep throating it and tasting the delicious tang of her ass. My eyes role into the back of my head. I am a quivering mess, my body shaking as I suck the great phallus and wank my own cock incessantly. I am about to cum despite my best efforts, I cannot help myself. She sees it in my eyes

"No my baby!"

She brings her foot hard against my balls kicking me savagely in that most sensitive of places. I scream and fall to the ground my impending orgasm forgotten. She pulls the other dildo from her cunt with a moan and squats over me frigging her cunt. She squirts her delicious juices onto my face and I drink as my balls burn with the pain of her kick. She sits on my face, facing my cock. I lap on her pussy and asshole, trying to stick my tongue as deep into her holes as I can manage. She rides my face without mercy, more of her cunt juices squirting into my eager mouth. I service her lovingly, wanting her to orgasm beyond her wildest dreams. Dildo still in her hand she leans down and begins to force it into my asshole as she rides me. She pushes it in roughly without lubrication and I scream into her cunt. When I am fully impaled and filled she takes my rigid cock in her mouth and holds by balls in her first, pleasuring it with as much love as when she hurt it. She continues to ride my face and cums hard, moaning out around my thrusting cock. As the orgasm rips through her body I shoot deep into mouth again and again. She turns around and lies on me taking my head in her hands so that she can spit my cum into my waiting mouth. We kiss and snowball for a few minutes caressing each other in a post-orgasm glow. 

"you forgot to torture me mama, baby wanted pain" I tell her lightly.

She giggles, kissing me. "your mommy not forget, baby will get his pain after. Mommy gonna heat up metal stick and jam it in baby's jap-eye. Baby gonna scream so good!"

I begin to harden at such words, rubbing myself against her. "sounds so good mommy, make your baby hurt so good!, love you mommy-cunt!"

She chews on my nipples mewling. " Mommy loves you my son. Mommy always give what her handsome son needs. Never stop making you scream for your mommy!"

"mommy so good her baby, keep him hard all time. I will get you a new present to play with mommy, get some new meat for mommy to torture!" I promise her rubbing my hands over her lovely body. Her eyes glow greedily.

"Mommy want new shemale. Mommy want one with big cock, big tits. Mommy and baby will torture it together then fuck its holes!"

"Oh yes mommy. Baby will get you a new one, a big-cocked tranny to hurt. Make it scream, burn its delicious body, torture its lovely cock, whip its creamy tits!"

She grinds into me, her face flushed in the exiting possibility of a new fuck-toy to play with. I buy her new slaves regularly, men, women and trannies, She loves all of them and is not selfish, allowing me to play with them as-well. We already have a stable of shemale slaves, from big-titted Latinos, big-cocked blacks to beautiful ladyboys, that we torture and fuck regularly. Still new meat is always welcome and slaves get worn out so easily they need to be replaced

"tomorrow mommy and baby go shopping, get new fuck-meat" I confirm as mama straddles me pushing down onto my revived cock. Pushing her forearm against my throat she begins to ride me once more. I choke as I fuck and the feeling as always is amazing, the coming orgasm all that sweeter with lack of oxygen. 

"Yes mommy, fuck your baby, make him cum hard!"

We fuck like this for a few minutes, our orgasms building as we moan obscenities to each other. I am on the edge of a mind-blowing cum when she pulls herself off me. I moan in disappointment and try to grab her, to finish myself off inside her, but she pushes my hands away and grabs my erection and twists it cruelly, making me yelp.

"no cum for baby" she tells me sternly her eyes smouldering "time for pain, time for mommy to make baby scream". She accentuates each word with a savage twist of my cock. I push my hips forward accepting the pain, allowing her full access to hurt me.

"yes mommy" I answer through gritted teeth. She never forgets when she has promised to torture me. 

She gets a dog collar and leashes me quickly. With a tug she leads me from our bedroom and I follow her on my hands and knees towards our torture chamber, my throbbing cock still hard with the thought of the masochistic delights to come...

I wake.

I am still half dressed in my sex costume from the orgy the night before. My leather body harness is in place but all my lingerie is ripped and soiled. One fishnet stocking it still attached to my garter belt but is ripped to shreds while the other has been ripped off. One of my ankles is still held in the cuff of a leg-spreader while my left wrist still has a handcuff on it. My cock-ring is in place leaving my penis half erect, glistening with cunt-juices, lipstick and died cum. A vibrator is still lodged in my asshole, buzzing away lightly. My body is a patchwork of injuries, testament to the night of debauchery I have taken part in. Dried cum, pussy juices, piss and hardened candle wax covers my entire body as does the marks from whips, canes and floggers. Beside me mama sleeps, in a similar state, covered in human excretion and signs of torture. Also in the bed, at our feet sleep three of our slaves, the more senior ones, while littered around the bedroom floor lie the more junior pieces of fuck-meat. Despite my fatigue and a need to piss my cock twitches at such a sight. I reach down and nudge our slave Parisa awake. Last night I spent hours whipping her beautiful brown tits and ass before spit roasting her with mama. I grab her by her cum-encrusted hair and force my cock into her mouth. She takes all of me inside her mouth despite just waking up and I begin to piss and thrust at the same time. She chokes but manages to swallow my gift, ever the obedient cunt-hole. When I have finished pissing I begin to fuck her beautiful face in earnest, eager for my first cum of the day. I briefly consider waking my slave Leno to tongue my balls but such thoughts are broken by movement to my side. Mama was woken and is busy playing with her bruised and battered cunt as she watches me play.

"my baby" she coos, spreading her legs and jacking her cunt obscenely. I push Parisa away from my cock, kicking at her to move out of my way so I can get to mama. She accepts the blows almost silently, letting out pained grunts as I strike her in the face, knowing I have no need of her now. I roll onto mamma burying my cock deep into her, the slave forgotten at our feet. 

"morning my baby" mama tells me, holding my face in both her hands as I gently fuck her. We kiss deeply, tasting the piss and cum in each other's mouths. She reaches behind me and turns on the vibrator still lodged in my asshole to a higher setting. The lovely vibrations flow through my lower body as I fuck her a bit harder. She is wearing a leather choker from last night. It was a gift from me and says 'Mommy-cunt' on it. I grab onto it and begin to choke her as I fuck her. She coughs and gurgles as she loses breath but she does not fight me, allowing me to choke the life out of her as I ride her. 

"yes my son" she gurgles, encouraging me to hurt her more with her last breaths. I continue to choke her as I fuck, not truly knowing if I can stop doing this until I cum. With fading energy she reaches around me once more and rams the vibrator harder into my arse, twisting and pushing it with relish. It is too much and I go over the edge, arching my back and shooting my cum deep into her as I release my choke hold on her. I collapse down upon her both of us gasping. She holds me to her breast and I suckle on her nipple contentedly and she strokes head, telling me how much she loves me and all the beautiful terrible things we will do to each other for the rest of the day...

Mama is running on the treadmill naked, her body glistening with sweat. I sit on the couch playing with myself enjoying the view of her pumping body. She trains for three hours every day, maintaining her old body so that she strong is enough to participate in our perversions. She is stronger and more virile than many women half her age. Sometimes I have her fight one of our slaves to test her strength. The slave is always instructed to fight to their full ability. If I sense that they are holding back, letting mama win, I punish them severely. Last week mama fought our beautiful Latino slave Pamela, a woman much younger and bigger than her. Mama defeated her with difficulty but finally managed to subdue the beauty and beat her unconscious. Mama and I celebrated her victory by tying Pamela to our torture-horse and raping her holes with electrified dildos before retiring to the bedroom and sharing our slave-stud Stephen for a night of rough lovemaking.

Mama finishes her exercise and flops down onto my lap and I hold her tenderly, letting her get her breath back. I gently caress her newly enlarged tits, pulling on her succulent nipples. The operation is long past now and I am able to play hard with her breasts once again. Mama had a special surprise for me when she returned with her new tits. She had hormonal treatments to allow her to produce milk so now every day I get to feed from her tits, drinking one more delicious mommy produced juice.

"baby is hungry mommy" I tell her smiling.

She moans pleasantly and pulls my head to her left breast.

"Drink my baby, mommy feed you her titty-wittys!

A clamp down on her delicious nipple and force as much of her tit-flesh into my mouth as I can manage. I am soon rewarded with a mouthful of her delicious milk and I begin to swallow. As I drink she tugs on my cock and I close my eyes and lose myself in the pleasure. With her other hand she tenderly strokes my head cooing softly in my ear.

"Mommy loves her baby. Baby can drink from mommy's titty-wittys every day, drink mommy's peepee every day, eat mommy's tasty poopoo every day".

"yess my mommmyyyyy..." I moan around her tit as she jacks me.

"mommy suck on baby's cock and fuck his asshole whenever he wants. Let him stick hot pins in mommy's tits and cunt. Do his poopoo in mommy's cunt and mouth, do his peepee in mommy's asshole, do anything to mommy baby wants..."

"anything mommy...?"

"anything my baby, my master, my slave!"

I look up her smiling face my eyes glazed in love and perversion.

"can baby use blowtorch to burn mommy's asshole?"

She shivers and nods her eyes closing at the thought of such a thing. "Mommy buy blowtorch tomorrow. Mommy and baby can practice on slave first!"

I switch to her other tit, never sated for her delicious milk, as she continues to wank me.

"mommy and baby should burn slave Parisa's asshole. Baby like Parisa's screams.." I suggest.

"yes my baby, we use her, my smart baby!"

"then baby burn mommy?"

She laughs softly.

"yes my darling. Mommy let baby burn mommy's asshole. Mommy scream hard for her lovely son. Baby can burn mommy's cunt-hole as well if he likes!"

I moan as I suck, so hard at the thought of torturing her.

"baby excited. Baby loves mommy's screams when baby burns her. Baby will tie mommy down so she cannot get away. Burn mommy's lovely fuck-holes and enjoy mommy's lovely screaming!"

"yes baby. Baby burn mommy as much as he wants. Mommy let him burn her as much as he wants. Mommy let her lovely son do anything he wants to her. Mommy is her son's pain slut, his fuck-pig, his torture-slave. Mommy loves baby!"

I pull up from her breast and feed her a little of her own milk with a kiss.

"full my baby?" she asks me as I break from the sloppy kiss.

"baby full now but baby need go peepee and poopoo. Baby needs his mommy-toilet!"

She hugs me tightly "yes my baby, use your mommy toilet!"

She slides to the floor and I straddle her chest forcing my cock into her eager mouth. I release my bladder and my piss fills her mouth. She swallows convulsively, struggling to drink all of it, enjoying every drop of it

"good mommy, good toilet, drink baby's sweet peepee!" I moan.

My piss overflows her gulping mouth and covers her face and tits. She rubs it into her tits and reaches down to wank a little with it. We are in heaven, intoxicated by our perversion. 

"time for poopoo now mommy" I tell her.

"do in mommy's cunt-hole baby" she tells me.

I get up and she lifts herself up on her shoulders holding her legs in the air. I position myself between her legs my asshole resting on her cunt, holding her by the ankles to support her. I part her cunt-lips and begin to strain.

"yes baby, shit into mommy's pussy, fill her cunt-hole with baby's nasty poopoo!" 

I moan as the shit leaves me and the first turd falls directly into her gaping hole. Her cunt-lips close around the turd, crushing it, swallowing it into her. A second turd then a third plops into her cunt and she takes them too. The fourth and final lump of shit falls down her belly and tits and she grabs it. She brings the morsel to her nose smelling it with delight before swallowing it up. The sheer depravity of the act overwhelms me. Just when I think my mama can be no more perverted than she is, she thinks of some new filthy act to surpass it.

"oh my beautiful mommy-toilet, your baby-whore loves you so much!"

She laughs in delight, basking in my love.

"baby drink from mommy, baby use mommy as toilet, now baby cum for mommy..."

"yes mommy, make baby cum!"

She rises from the floor and begins to rim my shitty asshole, still holding my shit in her cunt.

"yes mommy, yes. Mommy is baby's toilet paper. Eat baby's asshole!" 

She rims me lovingly, reaching around to jack my cock to full hardness. She scoops a little shit from her cunt and uses it to stroke my cock, the sight and smell making me harder than ever before.

"Baby is ready now. Mommy gonna make him cum but gonna hurt him at same time!"

I moan, knowing what is coming. She crawls on her knees to my front and begins to wank and suck me savagely. I thrust against her pumping hand and mouth, the cum in my balls boiling. I have never been so turned on.

"cum for your mommy baby, cum all over mommy's face!"

"yes mommy, take it you cunt, take all of it you fucking whore!"

My back arches as I cum and she jacks me in a frenzy.

Just as I begin to shoot mama punches me as hard as she can in the balls with a vicious uppercut. As I scream cum flies everywhere, covering her. She punches me again and again, literally punching the cum out of me. The plain and pleasure are incredible, indescribable. I shoot and shoot as her fist pummels my balls again and again. Thick ropes of cum land on her face and tits, anointing her.

"Mommeeeeeeeee!

The last thick wads of cum fly from me and my legs buckle. I fall to the ground, my balls in agony, my perversion fully sated. My cum-covered mama holds me her eyes glistening.

"is my son happy?" she coos.

"yes my mommy, my mistress, mommy hurt baby so gooodddd..."

She holds me as I dutifully lick my cum from her tits and face and share it with her.

"baby not finished cleaning mommy" she tells me in mock seriousness. She pushes me onto my back and weak as a kitten I do not resist. She squats over me thrusts her crotch towards my face.

"baby needs to clean his mommy's cunt-hole. Lots of nasty poopoo for baby to eat!, be good baby for mommy and eat all mommy's pudding"

She grunts and felches my own shit into my open mouth. I moan as it hits my mouth and chew on it hungrily. Mama lowers herself onto my face and grinds her pussy into me squashing the shit between us. She rides my face, moaning.

"good toilet, eat nasty poopoo for mommy!"

I swallow as much as I can, chocking. My balls ache from her earlier assault but I have already begun to harden from such lovely depravity. She grinds and grinds, pulling on her tits and tonguing her own nipples. With a cry she cums, squirting copious amounts of cunt juice into my shitty mouth

"my son, oh by baby, make mommy-cunt cum so goooooddd!"

She collapses on top of me, trembling in post orgasmic bliss. After some moments we just hold each other, kissing softly, telling each other how much we love one another. After a while she drapes a leg over me to piss softly on my hard cock, initiating another fuck. This time we fuck gently, looking deep into each other's eyes, loving each other tenderly , whispering intimate love words in each other's ears, united like one physical being. 

Mama is fucking me gently with her strapon. She tenderly plays with my nipples, balls and cock as she thrusts keeping me hard and aroused but not enough to cum. I am her slave for the day so she can do what she wants to me. Generally, we alternate, she being dominant one day, me the next. Sometimes we agree to play mistress/slave or master/slave for an entire week. Other times the depravity and passion takes hold and in an entire sex session we swing from dominant to submissive and back again - one moment mama is making me her toilet and beating me with a cat of nine-tails and the next I am burning her nipples with matches and fist-fucking her without lubrication. Those are my favourite sessions, when anything can happen. The ultimate truth is that neither of us are dominant or submissive, we are both and our perversion and depravity allow us to explore sexual highs together in any form.

As she fucks me we chat about our different slaves and our plans for them. Our Japanese slave Riko shares our bed tonight. We have her tied and spread eagled and have rubbed oil into her body, preparing her for the coming torture session. Mommy and I love torturing together and Riko is especially beautiful, making the pain-giving all the more sweeter. Mama is only gently fucking me, keeping both of us in a state of arousal so that the sadism will feel even better when we begin to work Riko over.

"baby ready mommy. Baby want to make it start screaming now!" I moan.

"ok my son. Mommy and baby use the pliers first" she groans in my ear, fucking my asshole.

"perfect mommeeeeee...baby love pliers!"

Mama pulls her cock from me and grabs two pliers from the drawer. We lie either side of Riko, playing idly with her body, giving her a little pleasure before the terrible pain begins. We lick her nipples and they harden even as she whimpers knowing what is coming. She is a new slave and she will struggle but that will only make it more pleasurable for us. Mama and I look deep into each other's eyes as we place our pliers on each nipple.

"One, two, threeee...!" mama instructs me.

We twist simultaneously, ripping at our slave's beautiful nipples. She screams, her back arching. We twist again, letting her beautiful screams wash over us. Mama starts to frig her cunt with her other hand as she twists and I begin to pull on my cock. 

"Feels so good mommy!" I call to her across the trashing slave.

"yes darling baby. Mommy's cunt feels so good when it screams! 

We continue to work on Riko's nipples, twisting the pliers together, ripping at the little brown nipples from different angles to get more screams out of our beautiful fuck-meat. She trashes between us, screaming and crying. Mama licks her face, tasting her tears.

"it's pain taste so good baby!" she tells me, drooling.

I lower my head and suck on the slave's screaming mouth, chewing on her lips. Mama's mouth joins me and together we drink in Riko's agony.

"Hurt it's cunt baby, mommy watch!" 

I use my pliers on Riko's perfect cunt. Her thighs try to close to protect herself, the restraints keeping her firmly spread for me. I work on her cunt lips, twisting them, pulling them, as her screams reach a new crescendo.

"oh my baby, so beautiful, so beautiful, hurt it baby, make it scream forever!"

Mama is twisting on her own nipples and frigging her cunt, lost in the delicious torture show before her. She reaches back to grab a riding crop behind her and brings it down on Riko's breasts as hard as she can. Again and again she hits the slave, all the time wanking her cunt. The twin assaults have set Riko into a blubbering mess, screaming and crying for mercy, knowing she will never receive it. Mama discards the crop and moves up to the slave's head. She squats down on her, riding her face and muffling her screams. I have started working the pliers on Riko's clit, pulling it out from her quivering body. Mama helps me by parting the cunt-lips giving me easier access. She rides the slaves face and we continue to torture pausing only to share passionate kisses..

"baby soo hard now mommy, torture make baby's cock so big, need to fuck a hole mommy! I beg her.

Mama laughs as she rides. " fuck it baby, fuck it's dirty cunt for mommy, make it bleed!"

I mount Riko's tortured cunt and thrust in hard. Riko screams into mama's cunt at the violation. 

"yes baby, fuck it hard, make it scream into your mommy's cunt-hole!"

I fuck as hard as I can and mommy holds my head in her hands as she licks my face.

"oh mommy, oh mommy, feels so goooddddd..."

"yes my baby. Your mommy so proud, baby fuck so hard, so good, mommy love her baby!"

"yes mommy, baby loves his mommy. Baby and mommy fuck and hurt slave-cunt together forever!"

We continue to ride our broken-fuck doll, moaning into each other's mouths, encouraging each other to new depravities. Mama leans back so that I can suck on her tits as we ride. I love it so much, fucking this tortured cunt beneath me as I suckle on my mama's delicious tit-flesh. Mama retrieves the crop and rings it down hard on my bouncing ass and back. The pain flowers through me, making me even more aroused and I plough into the slave even harder. With one hand I reach back to pull my ass cheeks apart so that mama's crop can hit my exposed asshole. She beats my hole with renewed vigour all the time riding Riko's face.

"good baby, help mommy beat baby's yummy asshole, make mommy cum so goooodddd!"

As I continue to chew on her tits and fuck, mama begins to cum, squirting her cunt juices over Riko's face, some of it hitting me in the stomach.

"oh my baby, mommy cum for you, mommy-cunt cum for her beautiful son!"

"yes mommy, cum for me, cum for your baby!"

Mama screams and cums, squirting again and again as multiple orgasms rip through her body. I lower my head to catch some of her tasty juices in my mouth and spit them on her tits so I can lick them off. I am jacking furiously into Riko's cunt, my orgasm building, waiting for mama to tell me where to shoot it.

"baby coming mommy, baby gonna shoot his cum!"

"shoot on momma's titty-wittys my son. Give mommy baby's delicious cum!"

I pull my throbbing cock from Riko's cunt and stand so to jack it over my mama. She cups her tits in her hands presenting them from my anointment. With a moan I cum, shooting string after string of ropey cum onto her beautiful breasts.

"soo good mommy, baby feels so good!"

More of my cum hits her in the face and she opens her mouth wide to catch it, her tongue swirling and she enjoys its bocage. Finally I am spent, completely drained. We fall down together, leaving the moaning slave to our side. Mama holds me to her lovely breasts once more and I lick up my salty gift, collecting it in my mouth so that we can share it. We kiss deeply splitting my cum back and forth. I push my softened cock into her sloppy cunt as we snowball and she holds me tightly. After a while I need to piss and I let my bladder go pissing deep into her cunt as she spits the cum back into my mouth. My piss bubbles out of her cunt drenching us as we kiss. She rolls me onto my back and falls on top of me. Now it is her turn to piss onto my cock as we kiss. Our bodily fluids mix as we caress and kiss and we snuggle in the warmth of our orgasms and piss. I reach across briefly to untie Riko and our slave dutifully joins us in our embrace. We allow her to lick our bodies clean of sweat, cum and piss as we rest and snuggle. When she is finished we allow her to rest between us, gently caressing her bruised body. As always though our sadistic tendencies resurface and out gentle touches and kisses turn to heavy stroking, biting, twisting. We feed on our slave, nibbling and biting her tits, penetrating her mouth, cunt and asshole with our thrusting fingers. She whimpers and struggles once more but we hold her tight and play hard with her.

I force her to sit on mama's face who chews on her injured cunt while I hold her and force my cock into her asshole. Riko moans in fear and pain as her asshole is stretched around my thrusting cock and mama chews on her cunt-lips. In her pain she pisses herself and mama is rewarded with a delicious drink. She swallows it up laughing. I pull my cock from Riko's asshole and move down to stick it in Mama's cunt. Now we fuck while mama eats Riko's pussy and I can lick her asshole. We chew on our delicious slave's nether regions as we plough into each other. Riko moans and cries but stays in place allowing our assault upon her. She knows that if we fuck enough we will grow tired, sated and not torture her any more. We fuck like this in a frenzy, working each other's bodies until, finally we cum together, all three of us, in a sweaty moaning mess. The night is not over but for a time we sleep, allowing our bodies a brief respite before the perversion begins again...

----
Mama is wearing thigh high black leather boots with six inch heels. Her arms are similarly adorned in black leather gloves. Her sexy body is encased in a leather harness exposing her beautiful cunt and tits and she wears her 'mommy-cunt' leather choker. In her hands she holds a leather whip. Her hair and makeup accent her vampish look and I grovel at her feet like the pervert that I am, worshipping her.

I lick her boot-heel lovingly as her whip crashes down upon my exposed back and ass giving me waves of pleasure without even touching my cock. Mama's other boot-heel is being worshipped by our Thai slave Xanny, her tits forced into a tit-crusher and her ass sprouting an anal-tail. Mama alternates between whipping me and Xanny, giving each of us her love. I enjoy the masochistic pain of the whip upon me as much as I enjoy the sadistic pleasure of watching Xanny being chastised. Mama pauses from the whipping to rub the whip handle roughly into her cunt.
"oh my slaves, my whore-cunts, mommy gonna beat you so good. Mommy gonna make my little cunts scream and scream!"

The whip comes down on my back once more and I moan in the ecstasy of pain. 

"thank-you mommy-mistress. Beat your slut, make him scream!"

Beside us Parisa has been tied to a st-andrews cross, her delicious brown body exposed and awaiting mama's whip. Our toilet Emily is busy eating out her cunt. Mama grabs my and Xanny's leashes and pulls us towards the others and we crawl on our hands and knees behind her. Mama takes Emily's head and pushes her towards her cunt.

"eat mistress' cunt-hole slut" she instructs our toilet and Emily buries her face into her mistress' crotch. Mama pulls Xanny towards her asshole and the slave buries her head into my mama's perfect ass and begins to lick. Mama turns to me with smouldering eyes.

"Watch mommy play my baby. Watch mommy make these cunts scream!"

I am wanking furiously now, kneeling before my whore-goddess.

"yes mommy, yes. Hurt them, make them scream for your baby!"

Mama begins to whip Parisa's lovely tits, working them over with stroke after stroke. The beauty writhes on the cross, her back arching, her mouth in a soundless scream. Xanny and Emily chew on mama's holes as she works, giving her everything with their mouths.

"take mommy's whip fuck-hole, take mommy's yummy pain!" mama screams at her slut landing blow after blow unto her perfect tits. She leans forward to chew on the cunt's battered tits, biting hard on the nipples before returning to whip them with renewed vigour. When she grows tired of torturing her breasts she begins to whip Parisa's stomach and thighs eliciting new wails of pain from the slave.

As Xanny and Emily tongue-fuck their mistress they frig their own cunts and ram fingers in their assholes. Occasionally mama turns her wrath on them to give them a few whips on their backs but they never stop tonguing her or playing with themselves. They are our complete slaves now, loving mama's gift of pain as much as any pleasure. I continue to wank and drool as I watch this delicious mass of heaving sweaty bodies and the beautiful sound of leather hitting agonised flesh. Mama begins to work the whip on Parisa's exposed cunt, whipping cruelly on the cunt-lips. The slave screams herself horse but she is well trained and worships her sadistic goddess so she opens her legs a little wider and pushes her crotch towards the whip strokes, accepting its pain and giving her mistress everything she wants.

"yes my whore, let mistress beat your cunt-hole raw!"

"thank you mistress, your whore love you mistress. Beat whore's filthy cunt!"

Blow after blow lands on Parisa's cunt, scourging it. Mama shows her no mercy, no love and Parisa worships her for it. Mama only cares for her own pleasure, her own perversion and knows how aroused the torture makes me. I feel also feel nothing for the slave, only jealousy that it is not me that gets to whip her. 

"so good mommy, so beautiful, mommy make it scream so good!"

Finally Parisa goes limp on the cross, her succulent body a mass of red whip marks, her head handing down, unconscious. 

"Wake the cunt baby" mama orders me and I crawl towards the cross obediently. I force my hand into her gaping cunt and begin to fist-fuck her, knowing from old that this will wake her from her slumber. Behind me mama chuckles watching as her two slaves continue to pleasure her. My fist-fucking soon revives Parisa and she awakens with a scream, her body writhing.

"cunt is awake mommy, cunt ready for more pain!"

"yes my baby, take cunt down and fuck its asshole for mommy. Mommy want to whip baby and cunt at same time!".

I release Parisa from the cross and she falls to the ground quivering. I pull her by her hair to the torture-horse and drape her over it, exposing her delicious asshole. Her ass is round and shapely, perfect for ass-fucking. Mama is giving me such a treat. I push my cock into her brown hole, holding he by her hair as I fuck her so that her tits and stomach are exposed for mama's whip. My beautiful goddess is in her element now with two whips in her hands. Her instruments of torture sing and whip by back and pumping ass and Parisa's bouncing tits. We moan as we fuck, lost in pleasure and pain. I reach around Parisa and hold her tits up with my forearm allowing mama to whip them perfectly.

"my beautiful cunt-holes, fuck for mommy, scream for mommy!"

Mama's whip wraps itself around our heaving bodies again and again, anointing us with beautiful red marks, marking us with mama's love.

"fuck baby's asshole cunt" mama instructs Xanny who puts on a strapon harness and cock. The beautiful Thai slave takes position behinds me and penetrates my asshole even as I penetrate Parisa's. Soon the three of us are heaving in a new rhythm as mama continues to whip us. I am heaven, the pleasure of my thrusting cock, the violation of my asshole, the sweet pain of mama's whip. I moan and whimper calling out to mama.

"baby loves mommy so much. Make baby hurt so good. Whip baby as he fucks cunts, whip him haarrrddd!"

Mama laughs as she beats us, Emily still munching on her cunt.

"take mommy's pain baby, make baby's cock bigger, make baby fuck cunts harder!"

I reach back to grab Xanny's ass, pushing her against me and slamming her cock even deeper into me.

"fuck me cunt, ram me deeper you filthy whore!"

"yes master, this disgusting cunt fuck her master, do anything for her god!"

Mama pauses from her whipping to instruct Emily. The hardened Philipino whore takes two red candles and positions them over us, letting the wax burn our sweating bodies. She pours it over us liberally, burning our nipples and stomachs, and pours a little on herself, sharing in our mutual torture. Mama continues to whip us heightening the delicious pain. I pull out of Parisa's asshole, just leaving my cock-head in, my throbbing shaft exposed.

"Burn me cunt!" I command of Emily.

She pours the hot wax onto my cock shaft turning it red and making me moan in pleasure. Some of it drips into Parisa's asshole and she screams beautifully. I ram my cock back into her, feeding her asshole the cooling wax and pull out again to receive fresh liquid pain from Emily. Mama joins in the fun and whips my exposed cock shaft expertly, her whip wrapping itself around my engorged cock, its tip hitting me perfectly in the balls. I lean back and accept the pain turning my head to feed on Xanny's hot mouth as she continues to pound my asshole.

Mama's eyes are smouldering, watching this incredible show of depravity. She is gasping for breagth and her body shines with sweat from the shear effort of beating us. She is neat the end where she has no more pain to give. I know from old that now it will be time to service her

"come my cunts, time to play with mommy, time to fuck her holes!"

We disentangle ourselves from our depraved orgy and fall upon mama who lets herself be taken to the ground with us. She has given us so much beautiful pain, now it is time to pay such love back, to pleasure her body, to give her orgasm after orgasm. 

I plunge my cock into her delicious asshole and hold her tight, kissing her deeply. Xanny shoves her strapon, anointed with my ass juices, deep into mama's cunt. Parisa holds mama's head in her arms and feeds her lovely tits, bruised and battered but beautiful nevertheless. Emily stands over us and continues to pour hot wax onto us, giving everyone her bounty including mama. As she pours the wax she pisses, giving us the lovely sensation of hot burning wax and delicious piss covering our fucking bodies. The wax and piss mix on our skin, hissing and we moan into each other's mouths as we fuck, lost in the depravity. Mama chews on Parisa's nipples as her slaves roughly plays with her tits and soon Mama begins to cum, her holes spasming on my and Xanny's cocks.

"so good, so good sluts. Delicious filthy cunts make mommy cum so good!" she moans and drools as she cums. 

Parisa pushes a dildo into her gaping mouth and fucks her hard, completing the trio of penetration and sending mama towards new orgasmic heights. Emily grabs a discarded whip and brings it down hard on her mistress' tits, giving her a little more pain, a little more pleasure. There is no malice in her attack, no lust for revenge for all the countless times mama has tortured her. She knows that mama wants it, to feel the pain as she orgasms, and she will do anything to serve her mistress, her goddess. Xanny and I continue to fuck mama's holes as she orgasms, wanting to give her more, wanting to give her orgasm after orgasm. She convulses on our cocks, screaming obscenities through the dildo in her mouth, her body wild and writhing. I hold her through her orgasms, telling her I love her and will always be her slave. After some time her orgasms subside and she lies between our bodies, trembling. I told her against my chest, and she falls into a stupor against me, drained. Emily drops to her knees and buries her head into mama's cunt, sucking on her gently while Xanny and Parisa both take one of mama's tits into their mouths and suckle softly. We, her slaves, hold her and pleasure her, allowing her to recover so that she can rape and torture us all over again.

After a little time mama revives and stares up to me with loving eyes.

"mama feel so good baby, mommy proud of her baby and her cunt-slaves. She give them special reward tonight. Gonna tie them up and burn their cunts with new blowtorch. Baby can help mommy. Make them scream good for mommy!"

I moan at her terrible plans and kiss her deeply. The night is not over yet.

Mama is my slave for the day. I have her bound in shibari ropes along with a dog-collar and wrist and ankle cuffs. I have put a brace on her mouth, restraining her but allowing her to talk and suck cock. A nose hook distorts her features even more. Her nipples are clamped with weights hanging from them as are her cunt-lips. Two vibrators buzz in her cunt and asshole. I have hung her from restraints in the ceiling by her arms while her calves and thighs have been bound together and similarly hung. Her body is restrained and open to me, ready for the fun to begin. I stand before her, stroking my cock with the hilt of my cat'o'nine tails as my slave Parisa kneels behind me tonguing my asshole and balls.

"mommy-cunt has been very naughty and her baby gonna punish her!" I tell by bound whore-goddess.

Mama grins through her face bondage her eyes smouldering. She pushes her crotch lewdly towards me, welcoming my whip.

"hurt mommy baby, punish her, make her scream!"

"baby got so many toys to use on mommy tonight, new toys mommy never had before!"

"new toys baby...?" I can see how this excites her as her pussy begins to drip around the vibrator.

"oh yes mommy, baby get new toys to torture mommy with. Mommy too used to all the old torture, doesn't scream enough for baby!

"oh thank-you my son. Baby knows how to treat his mommy-cunt, knows how to make her scream for him!"

"yes mommeeee" I bring the cat down hard on her dripping cunt, its forks ripping at her cunt-lips and asshole. She jerks at the impact but only laughs, enjoying the pain. Whipping her cunt has become foreplay for us now, a mere appetizer before the real torture begins. I whip her mercilessly on her cunt, sometimes landing blows on her tits and stomach. She writhes in her restraints, moaning, laughing, encouraging me to beat her harder. The pulsating vibrators in her holes giving her even more pleasure. I decide she has had enough fun and I rip them from her body eliciting whimpers. I grab her nipple-clamps and twist them evilly. 

"yes baby, rip mommy's titty-wittys, make mommy scream for baby!"

As I pull on her tits I backhand her then drive my knee into her open cunt as hard as I can. Her body shoots back from the two blows and she groans.

"yes baby, soo gooood!"

Parisa has crawled forward to tongue my asshole again but I turn and punch her in the face.

"get the pins cunt!"

She crawls off to get them and I return my attention to mama, twisting her cunt-lip weights and making her shriek in pain for the first time. I punch her straight into her cunt then step back to deliver another few strokes of the cat on her tits.

"take it mommy-cunt! Take my pain, take my love!"

Parisa returns with the pin set. It is battery powered, heating the tips of the imbedded pins in it. I take it from my slave and begin to pluck the hot pins from it, each one with a silicone base so I can hold them without pain. I push one into mama's left nipple and she shrieks through her mouth brace. I push another one in, then another, each one making mama shriek even louder. She tries to move away from the red hot pins but is fully restrained, helpless. We have no safe-words, no limits, the torture will only end when I am sated. 

"hurt good mommy, mommy like it?" I ask her.

"oh baby, mommy hurt good" she gasps "baby hurt mommy titty-witty's so good!". Mama pushes out her chest, wanting more. I grant her wish and begin to stick the hot pins into her other tit, her flesh slightly hissing as each one enters her. She screams more and more, tears flowing from her eyes but her cunt still drips and she grinds her hips in arousal. My mama can take anything, any torture, and revel in it.

"don't forgot mommy's cunt and asshole baby. Mommy needs to burn there my son!" she groans at me.

I laugh fondly at her as I push more pins into her breasts "don't worry mommy, baby won't forget. Baby gonna stick pins into your cunt and asshole now, make mommy scream real good!"

"thank-you my son, mommy loves baby's torture. Hurt her old cunt and asshole as much as baby wants!"

I kneel down before her, her exposed cunt and asshole just above my face. I beckon Parisa over and shove her head down onto my cock. The slave sucks me deep and I moan contentedly. I look up at my mama, my goddess and pain-slut.

"give baby drink first mommy, then baby torture mommy's cunt-hole!".

She smiles down on me in her torment.

"yes my baby, drink from mommy, drink her tasty peepee!"

She strains and piss flows from her beaten cunt into my waiting mouth. I open my mouth and gulp it down and some of it washes down my body to soak Parisa's bobbing head. The Thai slave lifts her head up briefly to take some of the piss flow into her mouth and spits it over my erection before taking it on her mouth again. This is why Parisa is one of our senior slaves, she is a completely obedient cunt but knows when to take initiative.

"good mommy, now baby play with mommy's cunt-hole!"

I pull out mama's succulent cunt-lips and begin to push the pins into them. Mama screams and wails as each pin pushes into her and she squirts covering Parisa and I in her delicious juices. I turn my attention to her asshole and begin to work pins into her lovely brown hole.

"yes baby, torture mommy's asshole, mommy loves it so much!"

Soon mama's holes are a patchwork of burning pins and she mews in pain and pleasure. I lick her around the pins, giving her a little more pleasure all the while adding more pins so she doesn't forget the pain.

"new toys baby, mommy wants new toys, make mommy scream more!" she begs me.

I rise to face her and we kiss deeply, our tongues swirling, my body pushing against her and driving some of the pins deeper into her flesh. Below us Parisa licks at my cock and mama's cunt and asshole, doing her best to service both of us as we kiss.

"baby give his mommy new toys now, mommy gonna scream so good!"

I look down at Parisa. " take pins out of mistress cunt-slave. Stick pins in own body so cunt doesn't lose them" I order her. Parisa moans and rises from the floor. She tenderly begins to pluck the pins from mama's tits, cunt and asshole and pushes them into her own lovely tits. She whimpers with the pain but is no less diligent in her work. As she does this I prepare the next round of torture. 

When I return Parisa has removed all of the pins from mama and also taken off her face bondage and nipple and cunt weights. The slaves bountiful tits look so beautiful anointed with so many of the pins. I fondle her tits, pressing the pins in deeper, and she grimaces but pushes her chest out to meet my hands, allowing me to hurt her.

"good cunt, master will reward you later".

She shivers knowing what type of 'reward' I will bestow upon her. I turn my attention back to my beautiful mama. I untie her wrists and lift her down so that she is inverted, handing from her bound thighs and calves. Her cunt and asshole are at my chest giving me perfect access and her face is at my cock. 

First I put wrapped up tissue between all of her toes then I insert a dildo in her asshole and fuck her a little with it. Mama moans and takes my hard cock in her mouth pleasuring me even as I prepare to torture her. The dildo is connected to a battery and soon I will turn it on. My last piece of torment is an electrical sandpaper tool. I will use this on her cunt lips. She is ready now. I nod to Parisa and she turns on the battery electrifying the dildo deep in mama's asshole. Mama screams onto my cock the electricity coursing through her body. I ram it in and out of her asshole, nodding to Parisa to turn the dial up a few notches and mama shrieks beautifully. In and out I ram it giving mama surges of deep pain even as I ram her screaming mouth with my own cock. My body tingles with sadistic pleasure as I work, enjoying every moment of mama's torment.

I grab a lighter and set fire to each of the toilet papers wedged between her toes. Each one burns beautifully for a moment, lighting up her feet. Mama screams and screams but I give her no respite and turn on the sandpaper tool . 

"oh mommy this is gonna hurt so good, baby gonna make you scream like never before!"

I push the slowly rotating sandpaper into her cunt, working on her cunt-lips. Mama's response is immediate and she screams below me, the pain so much that she even forgets to continue to suck me. I reach down and roughly grab her head so I can face-fuck her once more. I continue to work on her, scourging her cunt-lips bit by bit as she writes and bucks in her restraints. Beside me Parisa watches, her eyes gleaming, one hand frigging her pussy as the other plays with the myriad of pins still lodged in her tits. 

I move the tool into mama's cunt searching for her clit. Her strangled cry below me tells me I have hit the spot and I begin to work it in deeper. Mama's free hands scrabble at my body, her nails digging into me but the pain only heightens my pleasure.

"feel good mommy?, mommy like new toy?" I laugh as she continues to wail around my thrusting cock.

For us the night is only beginning...



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   lovexiaomama


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





