BDSM Library - Brotherly love




Brotherly love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   After her parents are killed, Nicole is adopted my the sinster older brother who use to molest her as a child.






Brotherly Love
My parents were much older than my friends parents. They had both been married and had kids before they met and had me. My half brother, Dan, is 15 years older than me. 
He lived with us for a while, when i was 10 and he 25. He taught me how to give blow jobs then. He would come in to my room at night to molest me, he tried to penetrate me a few times but thankfully i was too tight down there and he gave up.
At 15 my parents were killed in a car accident. The night is happened the police sent me to a foster carer while they looked for my next of kin. I didnt understand at the time but they meant that they were tracking my brother down, so he could take care of me.
He came to pick me up at the police station, 2 days after the death of my parents. I had cried myself to sleep for the past 2 nights and i just wanted to go home. He looked the same, he was a big intimidating man, rolls and rolls of fat around his gut and a shaved bold head. He put on a big show at the station, he hugged me tight, he thanked the police for taking care of me, and he signed a paper to take custody of me.
He held me all the way too the car, one hand up around my back, his fingers on my breast. I sat in the passenger side, wondering if he remembered all the things he did to me as a child. He started the engine up and we started driving away.
"We wont be going back to the house yet, ive booked us in to a hotel for a few days. I thought we could get to know each other again better that way. More private. No nosy neighbours to worry about. After all im your new daddy now arnt i?"
"Dan, please just take me home. Im really pleased to see you and everything but you dont have to do this. My teacher, Miss Eve, has already said i can live with her. She was with me when i found out about the accident. You can go back to your home, back to your life"
Before i knew what was happening, Dan had punched me hard in the face. Accross the side of my nose and cheek. I screamed and held my bleeding nose.
"Dan what the fuck are you doing. Pull over now"
He ignored me and carried on driving. Fast.
"Dan you fucking fucker, let me out of this car now" I wanted to sound tough but my voice was breaking, i was crying, my face bleeding. 
I tried a few more time, pleading, crying, screaming at him to let me out but he ignored me. After 10 minutes of this i stopped. I cried quietly to myself, my face wasnt bleeding but it was swollen and caked in dry blood. My dress,&nbsp; and hands were covered in blood as well.
I was still crying to myself when he finally spoke.
"excuse me?" I said
"I said, take off your panties and give them to me. If you make me ask again, you will regret it".
I was shaking as i reached up under my dress and pulled my panties down my legs. I kepy my pussy covered with my dress. I handed him my white cotton panties.
"Good girl", he Said, " now show me what a slut you still are, open your cunt and pull up your dress".
"Dan please....please dont do this. Your dad has just died for God sake...., both of my parents...."
He punched me again, this time in the breast. I screamed again, the pain shooting down my ribs.
I pulled up my dress, reached down to my pussy and spread myself open.
"Get yourself nice and wet......" I started to play with my clit. I had only recently started giving myself orgasms and was still a virgin.
He pulled over as i was playing with myself, we were on a busy motorway and he pulled over to the side. He unbuckled his seatbelt and i looked over at him.."keep going, dont stop little slut". He leant over to me and reclined my chair back about half way.
"Im your daddy now, do you understand Nicole? You must call me Daddy from now on and you will be my little girl. I will take good care of my little girl" I didnt say anything, i didnt look at him but kepy working my clit. " Tell me you understand, say yes Daddy". He reached down to my pussy and felt how wet i was, he pushed a finger in to my hole. I cried out as he did this, panting i said ..."Yes Daddy, yes i understand". He pushed another finger inside me, thrusting them in and out of me. 
I was in a frenzy, i had never been touched down there by somebody else, in&nbsp; way that excited me. I was sweating, panting, and moaning, desperate to come. He pulled his fingers out of me, and knocked my hand away from my clit...." You've always been such&nbsp; slut Nicole" he laughed as he held both of my hands in his. I whined as he manovered my arms behind my chair and cried out again as he handcuffed them there. "Dan....I mean Daddy...please ....on god i was so close"
"Do you think im going to let you come with the state you're in...look at that hairy cunt, it needs to be smooth...just like i remember it from when you use to seduce me. Lets get you to the hotel so i can see your body properly ok hunny? I'll sort out your dirty little cunt and ass, and then i might let you come"
He reached in to the back of the car and dropped some things in his lap. I saw&nbsp; big dildo, a small one...and clamps. Immidiatly i closed my legs tight. Begging him again to let me go, crying again.
"Open up for Daddy, these wont hurt as you're already soaking wet. Come on Nicole, be a good girl me for....if i have to force you open i will hurt you" I opened my legs, he pushed the small but fat one in to my pussy. He was right, it didnt hurt at all. He pushed it in and out of me a few times until he finlly withdrew it and wth one quick movement he rammed it in to my ass. I screamed in pain, as i screamed he clamped his mouth on mine kissing me like crazy. As he kissed me, i could feel the slightly longer dildo working its way in to my pussy.
I cried and cried as he worked in in to me, thankfully the traffic was passing to quickly for anyone to see what was happeneing in broad daylight. He pulled his face away from mine and looked down at my pussy, his head bobbed down as he started to work at my clit with his mouth. Once i was moaning again he clamped my clit, i screamed and bucked against my handcuffs begging him to take it off. He ignored me, reached under my dress and without removing my dress or bra he clamped both nipples and attached all three by a slightly too small chain. He let my dress fall down and cover my body, no evidence to be seen. He cleaned up my bloodied face with a rag and told me to stay quiet now, we were close to the hotel and he didnt want to hear me complain any more.
We pulled up to the hotel, it was a real popular one in our town attracting lots of tourists. The main building had standard hotel rooms, a building to the side had apartment lets, in the middle of these way a couple of swimming pools.
He left me cuffed in the car, seat reclined, both holes stuffed while he went to get the key. I could have cried out for help but i was embarrassed, ashamed that i had begged my brother to let me come. I was hoping no body would spot me or pay me any attention.
After a few minutes me returned. He opened the rear door behind me and uncuffed me. "You wont be able to run with your clamps on so dont fucking try anything" he hissed in my ear. "Get out of the car and stand next to it, dont move an inch, do you understand"..."Yes Daddy" I whispered. I got out of the car and immidiatly felt pain, and had to stop myself from crying out. Dan got a suitcase from the car, locked up and stood in front of me. He took my hand, and the suitcase. Led me through the swimming pool complex, passed happy couples and kids and to the hotel apartment on the top floor. 
The room was like a small studio, there was a kitchen on entry, a sofa and a couple of chairs, a big bed dominated the room and there was a good size bathroom with a big tub and shower.
He locked and bolted the door once we had entered.
"Strip" He ordered. I hesitated and he slapped me accross my face, "Strip you stupid bitch" he roared at me. I removed my sneakers and socks, my sundress i let drop to the floor. Standing in only my bra i unhooked it and let my breasts swing free in front of him. "Hands on your head....i want a good look at my new little baby"
He eyed me up and down, i was short for my age, barely 5 foot, shoulder legnth light brown hair in a messy pony tail, dark hair on my pussy and c cup breasts. Small nipples which were hard. Standing straight was causing the pussy-breast chain to strain and pull at my skin painfully but i didnt dare cry out.
"I cant fuck a hairy cunt, why the fuck dont you shave it? No man likes a hairy little cunt" His 2 fingers are back on my pussy and he guides me to the bed. I let him manovere me as he wishes, i am tired and my body hurts. He ties me spreadeagle with ropes from his suitcase, foces my mouth open then places an over sized ball in there, the gag is straped in with something that looks like a leather belt. The clamps are removed, my clit bleeding a little.
He works cream in to my pussy while chatting on the phone to our extended family, about how upset i am, how he had to get me away from the interfearing neighbourhood, how i begged him to adopt me and take me with him. Tears flow down my cheeks but i dont move as i know it will only make matters worse. He works the cream up my ass crack as well, it stings a little.
After half an hour or so of him chatting away, he goes the the bathroom and returns with a bowl of cold water. He uses this to wash my pussy, taking all the hair with it. He washed my pussy and ass until they are hair free. He finishes up his call and starts to untie my arms and legs, i lie still despite being finally being free. He roughly takes the dildo from my pussy but leaves the one in my ass.
"its my turn to lie down now lazy little bitch, you can work my dick for a while ok?" I nod, still gagged. He pulls me off the bed and a metal dog leash is around my neck. "Take off my clothes bitch" he pulls me by the chain closer to him. I start my unfastening his shirt, he lets is slide off his arms. I forgot how fat and pasty he is, my body is so small next to his. As i work on his shoes and socks, he asks me if i am a virgin, i look up at him and nod. Next i remove his trousers and boxers, his full naked body in front of me is a terrifying sight. " Get on your knees and suck like you use to". He pulls off the leather belt from my face and i spit out the ball. I kneel and suck his dick, it seems like a big dick, around 6 inches but ive no comparison. After sucking him hard, he pulls away from me, lumbering his body to lie down on the bed, pulling me on my leash after him. He pulls me so i am laying on top of him. "Sit up on my cock, slide your cunt on to my cock" I obay and sit up while he controls my neck with his dog chain. I reach down between my legs and grab his cock, i guide it to my entrance and begin to push down on it. It hurts, i feel like i cant do it but he pushes my hips down." Pump my cock, up and down baby girl, up and down". I slide up and down his cock, it gets easier as i get wetter. He is writhing around underneath me, holding my chain tight. He asks me between panting.."are you on birth control", i shake my head in a panic, hoping he will pull out... "good" he smirks before blowing his load in to my pussy. 
I am in a daze as he pulls me down laying next to him on the bed, we are laying on our sides, him behind me. My arms are tied to the bed post and my dog chain removed. I am sre-gagged, and my ass it plugged.
He fondles my breasts as he starts to fall asleep..
"Go to sleep now, Daddys angel, we have a busy day tomorrow"



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ajlou


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





