BDSM Library - Vacation




Vacation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Husband/Master and his wife/slave on vacation. What does he have in store for her?






VACATION





Arriving at the cabin, Master turned to me and said, "Ok, my Slave, you may pull down your skirt, but the small toy and vibrator inside you are staying for now." I did as ordered and got out of the car, being careful not to trip over the hobble chain attached to my ankles. Without a word, Master pulled my arms behind me, cuffing them together and then attaching my collar and leash. Now I understood why he had picked up the keys early and then drove around picking up supplies and sight-seeing until dark, so he could make me walk from the car to inside restrained. I had been forced to stay seated in the car due to the toys and hobble chain. A hard tug on the leash stopped my thoughts and I followed Master up to the door. Master entered and led me inside, where I could see the inside of the cabin had the living area downstairs and the bedroom was set in a loft. Master led me to the stairs and tied off my leash to a rail, and then yanked off my skirt. "Don't go anywhere while I get everything inside." The small toy was put back in place and Master pocketed the remote. At varying times as he came in and out, he would change the frequency of the small toy making me gasp and squirm.



Finally Master unfastened the leash and refastened the cuffs in front of me, pausing to remove my shirt. "Now you can go unpack us and see what is packed in your suitcase while I start dinner." I was now naked except for my underwear and was glad Master had closed off the curtains despite our cabin not being near any others. I set to climbing the stairs carefully to the bedroom to unpack our things. Master's suitcase contained all the usual things and I quickly put them away first. I opened mine to find only a couple outfits, despite the fact we were staying for a long weekend, and the rest of my small suitcase contained only toys and other restraints. I put my things in a drawer and placed the toys and restraints on top of the dresser before walking to the kitchen to join Master and to tell him I had finished unpacking. "Now you can set the table and pour us drinks while I finish." It took a few trips since it was hard to carry much with my arms cuffed in front of me, but I finally managed. Master set our plates on the table before turning to me and asking, "Okay, Slave, you get a choice. You either kneel on the floor and eat your food like a pet and I'll remove the toys OR you can sit at the table and keep the toys in place." I chose to sit at the table and sat in the chair Master chose. Master went and got the rope that had been packed in my suitcase and bound me to the chair, with rope going around my legs to the legs of the chair, around my thighs and waist to the seat of the chair, and above and under my breasts to the back of the chair. He finished by using the last of the rope to tie my collar to the very top of the chair - the end result being that I would have to sit with perfect posture despite being tortured with the toys. "Okay, now time to eat." We ate dinner, talking like a normal couple despite my situation. Master left me there while he cleaned and put away the dishes and to my surprise, he went and got the laptop and went to using it with me still left in the chair. Along with the want to have the toys removed and to hopefully be used, I now had a more pressing matter - the need to pee! I hadn't been allowed to use the restroom since we left home. I went to ask if I could have permission to use the restroom and was cut off with, "Be quiet for a little while while I finish checking my emails."



There was no clock within my sight. So after some time had passed Master finally closed the laptop and asked, "Does my Slave need to use the restroom?" I nodded and Master untied the ropes binding me to the chair. We both noticed the marks the rope had left. "Bend over the table so I can remove the toys." I did as ordered and the toys were removed - but then I gasped as Master took a pocket knife and cut the sides of my underwear, removing them. "Okay now you may go." I didn't question and went quickly to the bathroom, grateful there was a half bath on the main floor. I walked back more calmly, which caused Master to laugh..."Feel better?" I nodded. "I have made you sit a long time today in the car, so I bet you would like to stand for awhile." I just then noticed the ropes hanging down from the loft and went to try to protest when Master slipped a gag on me before pulling me over to where he wanted me to stand. My cuffs were unattached from each other, but each was tied to a rope over my head. Once both were tied, my arms were both stretched above me and I knew I wouldn't be able to bend or sit. Master pulled the spreader bar out from behind a chair. "You didn't think I'd forget about your legs?" he joked before undoing the hobble chain and then attached each ankle cuff to an end of the spreader bar. Master went up to the bedroom and came back with the whip and paddle and laid them on a nearby table. "I bet you are cold without any clothing...I think I should warm you up." I went to shake my head, but was cut off with a blindfold being slipped over my eyes. I now was left in a world of my own until the whip went across my breasts. I barely had to gasp before the next swing - the whipping continued. I finally knew Master had finished with the whip when the paddle struck my ass. I struggled against the ropes holding me, despite knowing it wasn't going to do any good. After an intense paddling, the only thing keeping me standing was the ropes on my wrists. Master removed the spreader bar and then untied my cuffs from the rope and then grabbed me before I could crumple to the ground. I walked weakly to the sofa. "Was that any fun for you, Slave?" Master said while handing me a glass of water. I nodded while drinking greedily, being truthful knowing it had made Master happy and knowing it had been done to remind me I was his.



After I had finished the glass of water, I was allowed to use the restroom once more. My leash was attached to my collar as I was led to the bedroom. "You have been very good today. Your reward is I won't attach any of your cuffs together and I am simply going to just tie your collar to the headboard." I expressed my thanks as Master tied off my leash and fell into a deep sleep on the bed, exhausted from the day's events. I awoke to Master licking and teasing my clit the next morning and I couldn't help but moan from the want to cum, remembering how yesterday the toys had been keeping me extremely turned on. I immediately went to begging for a release, to be allowed an orgasm. "Since you have been good, you will get one," said Master before licking at me harder. After a few moments, I screamed with the orgasm that I had been wanting. I laid panting on the bed recuperating. "Since you endured your session yesterday, I have decided it counts as both last night's and this morning's spankings." I thanked Master while he handed me a long t-shirt and then being told to use the restroom and then go make us breakfast. 



After a breakfast of french toast - and me being tied to the chair like the night before - I was told to remove the shirt and go back upstairs and kneel by the bed and wait. After I had been kneeling for just a little bit, Master came up. "You agreed that I could do what I wanted with you on vacation, so I think it's time you finally tried out the chastity belt and butt plug that you have been resisting. Now bend over the bed like a good Slave or will I have to tie you to it first?" With a small whine I got up and bent over the bed, not wanting to displease Master. With a little teasing of my clit, Master pushed the vibrator back into my cunt before lubing the butt plug and pushing it in. Then the chastity belt was slipped on and locked in place. "New rule from now on, anytime you are allowed outside, you will be wearing the belt and any toys I find appropriate for my slave." I was then handed Master's favorite bra, one with holes cut out where my nipples went and told to put it on before putting on the skirt and shirt laid out for me. The skirt was on the short side - falling several inches above my knee though loose enough to hide the belt - and while buttoning up the blouse I noticed several of the top buttons had been removed, causing it to be very revealing. "Now your locking heels and your outside collar." Placing both on, I fingered the necklace - it was a simple leather choker that Master had carved on the inside to say "Slave".



We proceeded as average tourists visiting the tourist attractions and museums and even eating lunch at a local restaurant. I found it hard to keep my attention on anything with the chastity belt on. I found it hard to keep myself from squirming when Master would turn on the vibrator with the remote and when sitting. Anytime I started to beg to be relieved of the belt or mean toy, Master would lean and tell me, "Shush. You'll learn to like it, well at least tolerate it." I was then reminded from now on, if I had to ask to use the restroom in public, it would lead to punishment when we got home. It seemed like Master chose to do much more walking than usual, causing torture for me. Finally we headed back to the cabin. As soon as we were inside, I was told to strip and Master unlocked the heels. After unlocking the belt, Master said, "Now you can go and remove the belt and wash the toys and use the restroom. After you are finished, go upstairs and bend over the bed again and wait for me to come to you." I did as asked and bent over the bed. After a long wait, Master finally came upstairs. After teasing my clit for awhile, my leg cuffs with their chain were put on and then my handcuffs were put on, attached behind me. The collar was changed to my normal collar. "Since you have been bratty today, I think you need a nap and I think I will leave you just as you are - though I will help you into bed." Before helping me into bed, the breathable gag was put on me and then a blindfold. I was then placed on bed on my side, covered with the blanket, and left to either nap or lie quietly. Despite my discomfort, I couldn't help but think about how much I loved being owned by my Master and wondering what else he had in store for me.





THE END



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  OddCupcake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





