BDSM Library - Weekend Puppy




Weekend Puppy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     A weekend of puppyplay with Master and Mistress.






Weekend Puppy.



Thursday Night- Master and Mistress collected me from work in Masters White work van. Inside the van was my transport cage, just large enough for me to stand on hands and knees. We drove into a little side street, and I was handed my collar for the weekend, and something new, a pair of fingerless mittens that fastened to my wrists with two tiny padlocks. I was told to strip and get into the cage. The drive to the farm was uneventful, but took quite a while because of everyone leaving for the long weekend. Got to the farm about 9pm/9-30pm, van pulled up next to the house, Mistress opened the van and cage and told me to hop out. By this time everybody was tired so it was decided that it would be an early night. I got chained up outside to my kennel, and was given fresh water, and dry food in my bowls. I drank, ate and settled in for the night. 
 
Friday- Puppy woke up about 9am to the smell of bacon and eggs, crawled out of the kennel and scampered over to the back door, I scratched and whimpered until Mistress Kim, dressed only in one of hubby's tee shirts let me in, she scratched me behind the ear said&nbsp; good girl&nbsp; and I followed her to the kitchen. She sits at the table and starts to eat her breakfast. Here puppy, she calls and beckons me beneath the table, and between her open legs. Happily I kneel between her legs, which smell of sweat, girl juice and dried cum. I start licking her clean, and she starts to pat my head. She pushes me away after a while and lets me eat a piece of bacon from her hand. Getting up she goes over to my bowl and scapes the leftover scrambled eggs into it. I eat the eggs, drink some water and wonder outside into the garden. I lie down in the warm sun on my doggie bed on the back porch, and watch the clouds go by. I fall asleep. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; About lunch time, Master calls, and I run around to the front of the house. The two of them are going shopping. I get chained to a stake in the front garden. Mistress has filled my dish with fresh water and dry food before they left. I get to run around the garden on the grass, and watch the traffic pass on the road. About 3pm it starts to rain, but the chain is too short to allow me to take cover in my kennel, or one of the sheds, so I take shelter under one of the trees and make the best of it. I lay back and listen to the rain, and watch some kangaroos hop across the front field. About 5pm Mistress and Master come home, Mistress Takes the groceries inside while Master goes and gets the BBQ ready. Master lets me off the chain, and we play fetch for a few minutes with an old tennis ball. I wonder into the house looking for Mistress, hoping that I might get a treat (Note Dry dog food is not that filling). I find Kim in the bathroom giving herself an enema (Guess who s getting lucky tonight?); I look up at her, hoping for one as well. She smiles and shakes her head,Not tonight little puppy! She says. Shit! I think. I wonder outside to the BBQ, where Master Adam has a leg of lamb on the grill. Mmmmm, Rally might get a bone tonight after all! Ha-ha. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dinner is at 7pm, Mistress and Master, sit at the table outside and eat, I get some hot meat in my dish, with gravy. Bang, the bone lands next to my head. Score. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Adam and Kim, sit on the swing, and watch the stars and moon and talk softly, I lay on my pet bed and play and chew on my bone. Eventually Kim takes hubby by the hand and leads him into the house to the main bedroom. I scamper around the side of the house and watch as the make love in my bed. Puppy is horny, but I can t masturbate because the mittens. I watch for a while longer and go to my kennel and fall asleep. 
 

Saturday- I wake about 3am? It s fucking freezing, and the blankets in the kennel just aren&#8217;t t up to the job of keeping puppy warm (well it is the middle of winter here!). I pad around to the bedroom doors and start knocking on the glass, it takes all my will power not to stand and call out. Eventually Adam wakes up and walks naked (Oh man, is my man built) to the doors and lets me in.&nbsp; Shit; sorry Rals&nbsp; he says before heading back to the nice warm bed and snuggling up to sis. I make myself comfortable at the foot of the bed on the carpet in front of the wood heater. Warm at last. Nice. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Around 7am I wake to the sound of female gasping, kneeling up I see Mistress Kim riding Master, nice and slow, looks like fun. I watch them until they finish. Mistress looks in my direction, winks at me and slowly gets out of bed and heads for the shower. Master, heads to the kitchen to start breakfast. I hear Adam filling my food dish with dry food. Master must feel guilty; I get warm cereal and hot chocolate. Master loves me. After breakfast I go into the living room and lay next to sofa near the open fire. Looking outside the weather is clear, but there is a heavy frost. Mistress comes out from the bedroom; she is dressed in jeans and a woollen cardigan over a white tank top. Hey that s my cardigan and shirt! Bitch. I growl at her. Mistress comes over and scratches behind my ear, and rubs my tummy, then goes to eat. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Master and Mistress are going out today, and because it is still so cold I m allowed to stay inside by the fire. Last thing Master says to me is to stay off the sofa, puppies aren&#8217;t t allowed on the furniture after all. I pad over to the coffee table and pick up the TV remote in my mouth, and flick thru the channels looking for something to pass the time, Seinfeld marathon, no that show was never funny. Desperate housewives? Please shoot me! Ah..... all three Lord of the Rings movies, that will do, should lapse into a coma after about 2 hours, perfect. Mmmmmm Viggo Mortensen, my ring, your finger, anytime (Woof! Sorry bad puppy pun.)&nbsp; 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Couple of hours pass, when I hear a knock at the door. Panic Stations! I peek out the window. Shit its Adams parents! I keep quiet, they have a Key!! This could be embarrassing; after all I am padlocked into a dog collar and fingerless mitts. I wait; they knock again, and call out our names. Couple of minutes pass. I hear their car start. I look out the window again and see them drive out the gate and down the road towards Hobart. Whew, dodged a bullet. I head to the kitchen for some water. No water, no food. Great. Gotta do No 1s, head out to the yard, pee in the bushes, head back to house, the back door has blown shut, puppy is locked out. The weather has warmed up and I decide to head down to the creek to kill some time. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The creek is a couple hundred feet from the house, takes me a little while to scamper down there on all fours, but is worth the effort, it is absolutely beautiful, the sun glints off the water. Puppy decides to have a little paddle to cool off. Fark. The water is absolutely freezing; I feel my nipples hardening from the cold. Legs going numb, arms turning blue. Crawl out onto the bank into the warm sunshine, find a nice patch of grass, lay back and watch the clouds, think about things. I hear a car horn; Mistress and Master must be home. I rush up to the house to greet them. Going up to them I jump up and start yapping and sniffing at their crotches.&nbsp; Down girl, down! Your filthy and muddy, get down , and with that I get a light swat across the nose. Kim looks crossly down at me. I look up at and stare back as if to say&nbsp; Lady, I m a puppy, muddy is what we do! Duh!&nbsp; 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She grabs me by the collar and leads me around back to the big equipment shed. Inside she fills a large tub with warm water, and grabs some shampoo from a shelf. Nooooooo. Not a bath, I try to run away, but she grabs the collar and clips a leash to it. I surrender and hop into the tub. Ahhhhh it feels really good, especially when she starts to soap up my girly bits. As she scrubs me down I suddenly shudder in orgasm as she washes around my clit, I lick her face in thanks. I hop out and she rinses me down with the hose and dries me down with a big fluffy towel that Master has brought out from the house. By now it has begun to get dark, full moon tonight, and it s starting to get cool, more frost in the morning. Quick dinner tonight, Microwave pizza, not my favourite, but still tastes better than Meaty bites. We watch some TV, Master and Mistress on the sofa, puppy on the floor at their feet. After a while, the two of them start to kiss, and fondle each. Mistress unzips Adams pants and pulls out his semi hard cock. Here puppy, here girl, here s a bone for puppy!&nbsp; Quickly I jump up between Masters legs, and take his cock between my lips. I feel it harden in my mouth. It is a good feeling. Meanwhile Mistress has stood and stripped off her clothing, and is standing naked next to me. Grabbing me by the collar she pulls me to her pussy, where I suck and lick lips and clit. Master stands and drops his clothes as well and kisses Mistress deeply, his erection rubbing against my back. He leads Mistress to the bedroom, I follow on all fours. They fall to the bed and begin to make love, Mistress looks at me, smiles, shakes her head and mouths&nbsp; Not tonight, you can watch!&nbsp; And with that puppyslut, sits by the bed, and watches her husband make love to her sister, but that s OK, I love them both. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
 
Sunday- Daylight shines bright thru the bedroom windows, it s about 10am, we sleep late, Master and Mistress have fucked off and on all during the night. I have slept on the floor at the foot of the bed, near the fireplace, I look up and Mistress, she is laying face down on the bed, her head resting on Adams chest, on leg hanging out of the covers. I crawl over and start to kiss and lick my way up to her special place. As I get closer to my goal, she opens her legs wider. I can sniff her butt and pussy. I start to lick her crack. Still asleep she starts to react, and I can taste her girl juice. I gently lap at her but hole and taste the slightly bitter taste that I adore. She starts to moan, I hear her stir. She turns over and looks up at me. Smiling, she opens her legs and gives puppy free reign to lap, lick and suck her pussy. Taking her bud between my lips, I gently nibble and suck it. Mistress grabs my head, and I can feel he leg muscles tense as she cums with a loan moan. I look up and see the love in her eyes as she leans forward and kisses me deeply on the mouth, her tongue running over my teeth and along the roof of my mouth. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hear Master getting out of bed and see him head to the bathroom. The shower starts, and Mistress goes and joins Adam in the shower. I quietly pad along and watch as they soap and wash each other. I watch as Mistress soaps Adams cock and balls, and as he washes her small but perfect breasts. One thing leads to another; they start to make love again in the shower under the hot running water. As much as I would like to watch, nature calls, so I pad thru the house to the back door, pushing the door open with the top of my head, I pad across the frost covered ground, (the fingerless mitts do come in handy), I do my business against the nearest tree, and watch as the steam rises in the frosty air. I pad back to the house, and head to the kitchen. My breakfast has been left in my dish while the others dress. Warm milk, porridge and toast. I eat, making a mess and getting food all over my face, but it is good to have something other than dry food to eat.&nbsp; 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sundays are usually short days as we need to pack up the house, and get back to the city to be ready for work on the Monday. Being a long weekend traffic heading back to the city will be heavier than usual. Master and Mistress come into the kitchen grab a quick coffee, pack a picnic lunch, clip a leash to my collar and we head out to the shed where Master keeps the old ford pickup that we haul things around the farm on. We head up to the wooded area near the creek, it s still cold, but is warming up; I crouch down in the truck bed, keeping out of the icy wind. About 10 minutes later, we arrive. Mistress wants to go for a walk along the creek, so the three of us head down to the water. The two of them sit down and watch the water, and the occasional fish swim by. I scamper back to the pickup find a nice spot and lie down in the sun to get warm. About an hour later the others return and set out the picnic. We eat, Mistress feeding me sandwiches from her hand. I lap some white wine from a bowel.&nbsp; 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After packing up Master comes over, and looks down at me. He removes my collar, this means that I m no longer a puppy, and can talk and stand, I am an equal now. Standing I stretch my arms over my head, working out the kinks, and mistress massages my lower back and shoulders. My knees are sore, but nothing a spa won t set right. We head back to the house, to pack up. I take a long hot shower, and feel nearly human again, I dress in jeans and a tank top, it feels strange to wear clothes again after three days. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Well that was my long weekend, being a puppy 24/7 is not what most people think it is, sex, sex and more sex. It involves discomfort, and lots of time alone to think, but I do love it so. 
 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; P.S. Adam lost the fucking keys to the mittens, and we had to cut the fucking things off with bolt cutters. Oh well. 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   rallyV


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





