BDSM Library - Winnie\'s Boarder




Winnie\'s Boarder
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     In retirement widowed Winnie rents a room to a lower class lady who turns Winnie into a submissive slut-bag!






[To the readers-- my comma is broken so bear with the prose!]
WINNIE
"I can't forget anything " Winnie thought bleakly. Cheryl gets so impatient when I lose focus.
Winnie's broad bottom still stung a bit from the night before when Cheryl had forced the sobbing Winnie to lie naked on her own king-sized bed wrists bound
behind her back. 

Winnie had looked over her shoulder pleading as the other woman had tossed her blonde curls before raising her hand the red nails clutching the straightened coat hanger and bringing it down swiftly on Winnie's large bare bottom.

"Winifred I can't believe you are so selfish and slovenly." Cheryl had said in her demure voice before swinging the cruel wire down again and again as Winnie tried so hard not to scream. "I'm creating a cute little cross patch on your cheeks my dear. I hope that will help you be more mindful of your duties."

And it was true--Winnie could be thoughtless. Driving home now from the store Winnie hoped she'd remembered everything that Cheryl had asked for on the shopping list. A bottle of Pino Grigio some Cornish hens and various veggies. 

Winnie moved uncomfortably on the car seat. Winnie had a nice heated seat in her Lexus and it was very soft but after a thrashing like Cheryl liked giving the pain stuck around. Winnie's support hose was wet as she remembered her pain and humiliation.

Cheryl had of course looked gorgeous in her aquamarine sweater that made her boobs stick out...the intense red lipstick contrasting with the blonde locks but Winnie had had such trouble looking up at her&nbsp; that night because of course she was getting the beating of her life!

"Don't bounce (WHACK!) around Winifred. Lie(WHACK!)&nbsp; still like a good (WHACK!) girl. Can't you (WHACK!) control anything? 

You(WHACK!)&nbsp; are hog fat and I imagine you just(WHACK!)&nbsp; spend your (WHACK!) days at the office(WHACK!)&nbsp; gobbling candy bars as (WHACK!) you go over (WHACK!) student papers. I should(WHACK!)&nbsp; visit you one day(WHACK!)&nbsp; with my cane and(WHACK!)&nbsp; my paddle!"


Although Cheryl had removed her pants and flipped Winnie over on the bed so she could ride the professor's face to a few orgasms...she'd then rolled Winnie off the bed and made her spend the night on the floor...horny and uncomfortable without a pillow....

Today Winnie had overheard her admin talking to the department head's secretary about the "bitch" that was imposing on her boss.

 "Why does a sophisticated lady like Professor Cottrell let this frowsty blonde chick live rent free without helping with the shopping and the housework? I heard Dr. Winnie couldn't go to the Ackerman's party last Saturday night because she was too busy scrubbing the bathrooms of her house."

When Winnie had heard these girls gossiping about how she herself was taken advantage of she thought in a humiliated fashion what they might think if they knew the whole story...

And then Winnie had rushed to her executive one-stall bathroom
and attempted to masturbate...but of course Cheryl had pierced Winnie's clitoris and so all Winnie could do was move the little metal ball back and forth...much stimuli but no explosion...

Again and again Winnie had stroked her dry clitoris trying to get&nbsp; to the end....but the orgasms were elusive! She felt humiliated thinking that her administrative assistant and the other subordinates were discovering what a sad and subjugated old woman she was....

And if they knew! Winnie was a tenured professor being manipulated by a woman who'd failed out of beautician's school in 1975.

While sitting on the toilet Winnie thought about Cheryl's efforts to teach Winnie the art of auto-cunnilingus.

"If I let you out of the chastity piercing you should be able to entertain me...We've had you rub your sad old clit on furniture with your hands cuffed...used cucumbers...let's see if you can jack your legs over your head and eat yourself out." 

But as cheerily as Cheryl had suggested this of course Winnie had failed...she was too fat. Cheryl had taken a cane to Winnie trying to get her to get her crotch to her face..but it was no go.

"Dear me." Cheryl had said. "I got you to quit smoking by tying you up and burning my own Marlboros on your sagging tits so maybe we can get you in shape using a little world famous discipline Winifred."

Then Cheryl had put Winnie on a diet-and-exercise program having Winnie run behind Cheryl as Cheryl drove the convertible and having Winnie do the diets...but it had been nearly impossible.

At every weigh-in Winnie was about as chunky...Cheryl would thrash Winnie till she was weeping if she didn't lose at least two pounds a week but there had been no help for the snacking Winnie.

After 29 minutes on the commode Winnie still hadn't cum and knew she had to meet a student for her office hours. She burst into silent tears of frustration at not being able to orgasm...but she pulled up her panties pulled down her dress and then she'd trudged back to her office....

How had it happened?

Cheryl had been boarding with Winnie's neighbor Colonel Pecksniff before he'd passed.&nbsp; Winnie a quiet widow had invited Cheryl who had always been pleasant to her to move in paying a nominal rent and helping out with housework taking care of the cats and of course watching the place when Winnie went out of town.

After all they were both sixty-year-old women with little else in common except that they'd both traveled extensively Winnie as an archaeologist and Cheryl as a companion of various rich men--usually Foreign Service types.

How did she know that within 72 hours Cheryl would have Winnie over her knee and be whipping her bare buttocks with a bedroom slipper...and then later with a saucepan!

That the twice divorced and once widowed Winnie would love eating Cheryl's twat SO much?

And that once Winnie had actually sucked the dick of one of Cheryl's blue-collar boyfriends...making him hard so he could fuck Cheryl...before of course Winnie had "cleaned up"....ugh

As Winnie pulled in the driveway she wondered if Cheryl might let her masturbate tonight...true the night before she'd sent Winnie to bed buttocks welted with no supper...

Would Winnie be allowed to orgasm tonight?



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





