BDSM Library - Halloween Party Femdom




Halloween Party Femdom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     this story is about a mom and son got introduced to femdom inneed to win a halloween wager






This story is inspired from another One...And part two is on progress
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Halloween Party Femdom
Bobbie was running to get his bus to back home he was late his coach gave him some punishment after a lousy game he ad played..
While sitting in the bus he thought about his Mom compelling him to get a halloween costume for a company party which he had to fill in for his dad.He just turned 18nly 3 months ago.when he got home his mom Brenda a 38yr Mature blonde women with a astonishing figure was waiting for him..She dragged him to her car while shouting at him and drove to the store to get a costume.
On the way Bobby complained about this competition and why should he has to fill in.Brenda replied it is about a bet and she cannot tell the details.
Well Bobby argued for so Much time and they came to an agreement that she will share it in the dinner time.Bobby noticed the parking lot was empty.He figured the reason for it as he entered the the shop.The collections was all out.He though'people must be taking this halloween shit seriously'.One of the sales girl come to attend the customer.Bobby just saw her as Kate on her chest and she looked not more than 24 .Brenda realized that the stocks are all sold out and nothing much left.even though she asked the sales girl any special outfits.But for their bad luck all looks low on profile.She refused one after the other.Bobby got confused and asked his mom what is she looking..
She told her son that they cant loose that is all..and she continued her search.At last Kate said to Brenda what was she looking for.
Brenda said we need to win a bet..so it has to be unique.
Kate keep silent for 5 seconds and whisper to Brenda's ears how much do you want to win the bet.Brenda said "like my life depends on it"and she winked at her.Kate took a card and told Brenda to goto this place and you will get what you looking in there but they are expensive.Brenda said money isnt a problem.
She said her thanks to&nbsp; kate and left the shop.
Bobby and His mom got in the car and drove of to what is called as Madame Katherina's Exotic World.
Brenda was an project manager in a big IT company in the city.she separated from her husband about 3 months ago.
Brenda told her son that she is sorry to drag him into this.
Bobby said why is this happening.Brenda told him that she made a bet with her rival Ely to win the bet but she wans't aware the bet was still on even after she got seperated.She was sweating while she explains this to her son.Bobby started to ask further more but the place reached soon.
They entered the place which is situated one the end of the town.A 40 yr old lady came out with a smile on her face and asked them what did they want.Bobby was examine the old lady she is shorter than his mom.bt with wonderful back and blue eyes.he found the lady attractive.The lady introduced herself as Lauren.Brenda said Kate sent me.Lauren replied as a reflex she had told me.so exactly what you want.Brenda explained about the bet and she need a costume with the Zing which can win the competition.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The competition is a big one the company has 5 branches.and each company has 8 sections.each section has more than 50 workers...its a big event to attract customers.the event starts in 4pm and last for morning.and she has to compete in 3sections to win it.
Lauren showed normal costumes to Brenda which she refused.Lauren also seem out of options
 Then she told Brenda there is a collection in godown but your son has to be over 18.Brenda nodded her head as a yes.Lauren told bobby to wait outside the door and got in With brenda.Lauren asked Brenda are you a submissive type or dominant.
She replied she is submissive type.Lauren said there are some submissive type dresses in here you can choose but my opinion is you can dress up like a dominant women and it will suit you well.Brenda asked"wat about mu son"we can make him a slave boy with anklets and collar.
Bobby hared the giggles out the door.
Atlast after 1hr his mother came out..he instantly jaw dropped his breath taken away.His mom is wearing a black latex clad corset and leather boots and garter belt attached to it and a thong revealing her ass and half of her breast.he actually had a hard on.He commented She looks stunning.Lauren proposed Brenda can use higher boots if she wants..Brenda was realy surprised that there was even bigger boots than this.after admiring herself it came to know that bobby too need a costume.Brenda asked bobby "are you ready".
Bobby replied"yes mom i will do all to make you win"
Lauren commented that brenda's son loves her so much and Brenda kissed him on top of head.After trying all type of slave costumes nothing fits To Bobby.Lauren said to Brenda'am sorry your son is nt good for this.Brenda"i know he is not an athletic type.
Is there anything we can do"...
Lauren:there is one this bt that will give more embarrassment to your son.
Bobby hared all this and intervened the conversation.he said"i will do anything for mom".
Lauren smiled and spoke: then you can be a slave sissy for your Mom(giggling)
And they found him a pink sissy satin dress with frilly endings and bottom,stockings and a thong.after they both put the costume the scenario just changed to a femdom dungeon.
Lauren was taken away by the look.
Lauren advised Brenda to braid her hair to a bun which gives the effect.
After the purchase Brenda directed Bobby to car and Gone to counter to pay.
While billing Brenda thanked Lauren.
Lauren:if you are interested i can direct you to the correct way there is a gathering of kinky people like this every saturday night..if you want i can introduced you to them.
Brenda:So are you ?
Lauren :yes am&nbsp; Dominatrix.
Brenda:hey i want two more of those costume.one in red and other black in a different style.
She took that to and payed all.
Lauren:this is my number if you need assistance call me.
They drove to home and kept silent through out the drive.


At dinner Bobby spoke first.
Bobby:Mom i need an explanation.
Brenda:okay here is the story you know my rival Ely she and me made a bet while we are on a party.the bet was that who ever loose first before the other has to be a sex slave for the winner .
Bobby:y is that..there is no need for that...
Brenda:hear this well and dnt tell anyone.
Me and your dad tried to heighten our sexual experiance.as a result we ended trying foursome with ely and her husband.there we exchanged husband and mated..it like a competition that who make the man cum first ..and she always manage to win that..i told your dad to hold down but he said she is too good...after i got carried by you we stopped all those shit and here we are..
Bt once in that time we made a bet the looser will be called as bitch all time.in that bet also she made&nbsp; your dad cum first and only by this bet i can rewrite that bitch name...
She was the project head of the other department too.
Bobby :now i see why this is so important am with you mom.
Lauren :i know son i love you.
Friday is the event we have to goto a hotel change from there and straight to the event
That leaves us a weak..
We have to perform in each stage.we will figure it out on tomorrow now finish dinner and sleep..
Bobby noticed his Mom coming late to home through out the week
Morning after finishing breakfast they started discussion of what has to be done and did nt.finaly they came up with a script.and Brenda warned her son not to get wrinkles on the satin so he never used the dress.
Friday came Brenda was standing before Bobby's bedroom and told him it friday.
She hinted him that he have to shave all his body hair...and walked away..then she stopped and turned back and said.
"Son i noticed that you are having an erection on practice session..if you want do masturbate while you shave your body hair..you know to loosen things up i will inspect and shave the rest which you cant get your hands on"
Bobby replied a yes Mom.
After the inspection they drove to Hotel room and settled there.they finally practices the routines and decided to take bath where two of them masturbated.
After that Brenda did make bobby a good sissy girl with lipsticks.manicure and a wig..he looked perfect after he put the dress.meanwhile Brenda changed to his dominatrix and got ready after lunch...they watched a movie to be cool and set of to the company building which is near hotel..they parked and got into the event..they both covered their costumes and started to goto the portion of Brenda working where the first round starts
The rounds are easy they have to do the routines in front of the judges and the best two from an department will be selected to the nxt level where they have to compete against the contestants in the same branch where there will be 16 and at the final there will be 10 contestants.
Bobby did a quick ran on others there were so many usual...start with romeo juliet to batman and cat women...al types of people..even the judges seems to be at the game..
After the speeches and welcomes..the party nearly started at 6 pm with drinks..announcement came first round will start at 7 and last an hour..
Bobby and Brenda was 3rd from the row which contains 15..
The show off contains the participants have to walk on the stage and to show everyone and do a task which matches their costume..
So if you are a knight you have show a little moves.
When their turn came they threw their over coat&nbsp; and Brenda shouted come on sissy boy she dragged the slave collar and lead the way with her slave sissy son to the centre of stage..only other participants was there..they applauded at the change of event..Brenda lit the fire up to the event at the start with her words.
After the rounding they were at the centre of the stage..Brenda looked godly before Bobby..bobby was kneeling in front of her like a real sissy..everyone was so excited to see this.
Brenda shouted to bobby "what are you slave".
Bobby replied "am a sissy boy who need to be punished Mistress"
Brenda :good
(She sit on the chair)
Then come on sissy bend over.
Bobby did as she told.
He stayed in the old spanking position.
Brenda:(she secured his hands behind his back pulled up his skirt and panties down and started rubbing)hmmmm nice ass sissy boy...are you ready.
Bobby:Yes Mistress Brenda.
Brenda landed a firm slap on his ass cheeks.
Bobby replied like a obedient slave slave boy as "thank you Mistress may i have another"
Brenda rubbed him ass every time she spanked him..and even slid her finger to his ass hole which she never did in practice time..Bobby can hear her mom moaning..as the spanking reached 15 bobby was in pain eyes where watery.
Brenda ordered bobby to get up.when he did that she made him undo his panties,get out of it and pick them up...finally they said thank you and retreated to back of the temporary stage.....ther where a huge applaud...
On the back of the stage she kissed him in cheek and hugged him.they where sure they will be one of the two winners who advance to the next level...
Aftr 1hr mins result came as they expected .
It seemed that Ely had won too the first round and the Next round was with rivalry....
There was a 1 hr break to the winning participants...so the sissy and mistress roamed the party and enjoyed with others..evryones eyes where fixated in Brenda..she was too hot that night with her sissy slave...Many of the men mockingly told her like"Mistress can i be your slave".
Brenda too played as Mistress With them she made him kneel in front of her while evryone looking...
While she was in the middle Brenda ordered Bobby to be on all fours and even made him fetch Drinks and snacks..
At that time they saw their rivals passing....
Ely was dressed up as Goldiva&nbsp; and her husband was holding a horsehead and tail...they were sure the next round will be tough...
Brenda and bobby became the one of the favourites of participants...
Second round started at 8.30 where the participants repeated the same routines....
Both Brenda and Ely were selected as the winner of their branch advanced to final battle Win the title...
Around 10 results came with an announcement that the participants have to do a different part on stage which was a shock to Brenda and Bobby because they didnt tried anything else....
1.30hr has given to make up a script..
Finaly Brenda figured something out..She said to bobby...
"Bobby you do know we must win right other wise we will be slave..so you must do as i say ok".
Bobby nodded head.
Brenda said there is a big bag on the car trunk you must carry it to our allotted cabin ok.while you go crawl on all four ok...
Bobby done as he said..he returned with the big bag and placed on the floor...Brenda asked bobby "will you do anything"
Bobby replied a yes mom.
Brenda opened it...it has some items she purchased earlier from the store..addition to it there where a leather cat o nine tail whip.a riding crop,a paddle.high heels (a black stilleto)stockings,satin blouses.and there were some others Bobby was shocked...he asked"Mom where did you get all this".
Brenda:Did you remember Lauren..these where her gifts..now listen if we have to win we have to be in the Character and more lively..it seems you have to bear some pain..
Bobby was frightened bt his mom convinced him to this and told the script...
When the final round came Brenda and Ely was the last to perform...
While other participants enjoyed and bring fun and songs to the stage...but Brenda and Ely was determined that they have to win over the other...
When Ely turn come...she rode on her horse husband and made sure the Judges saw all of her assets clearly...while Brenda had Other ideas...She was changed to high heels from boots.
She gave a Marvelous entry riding her sissy slave a pony with cat o Nine tail whip in her hand after she done a round on the stage...she got off Bobby and asked him..
Brenda:Who am i sissy boy.
Bobby:You are a&nbsp; Goddess Mistress Brenda.
Brenda:and what does a Goddess Need?
Bobby:a Goddess need to be worshiped Goddess.
Brenda:so where is your Manners Sissy Slave..Worship by heels..
(And she made the cracking sound with the whip)
Bobby obediently kissed and licked her new heels which not yet dirty...
After that she smiled and said...
Wow you done a good job Slave.but you know Your Mistress love you helplessly get teary and nt able to even shout..
Bobby replied a yes Mistress...
Brenda shouted "Strip sissy".
As bobby stand there Brenda undid her stocking and gagged Bobby...
She swinge her whip and cracked bobby's back...she made it smooth but it was enough to make him cry...tear rolled down in her cheeks as waterfall..bobby grinned through stocking gag in pain and twitched his body with every crack she laid the lucky five... and finally he was ungagged....
Brenda shouted again now show your thanks..
Bobby bend down and kissed her feet...
As final he again carried her to the back stage as her pony....and crowed gave a standing ovation..which turned almost everyone for 10 mins....
At the back Brenda embraced bobby and dug him with kisses on all over face she was also crying while she do she was saying word sorry to bobby repeatedly..
Finaly bobby wiped his tear and said okay Mom....
They gone to their cabin and Brenda sprayed painkiller on Bobbi's back...after 10mins they left to enjoy party...
Where Mistress Brenda drink and danced with others..where Bobby is nt aged enough to get a drink... bt they two where still in the role..she made him do other thing in front of the other..like kissing the floor where Brenda stand etc...
At 2am the results came....and it was none other than Brenda and Bobby..
And they realy made...
Brenda took bobby in her hands then they hugged each other.
While Ely staring at Brenda she collected the trophy and the prize money...
Their boss Ray Jenssen one of the judges handed over the prize and whispered in her ear"congratz new HR of our branch"
Brenda was in the air...she just got promoted to the easiest job with high salary..
She is overwhelmed...she dnt know what to do..
Another Judge was Ray's Sister RIYA..she also hugged Brenda...after the ceremony...
Riya Jenssen came to Brenda and asked.
Riya:i relay loved your slave boy.can i have a moment with him.
Brenda:oh sure.
Riya hugged bobby and kissed him in cheek and said.
Way to go young man..you proved yourself today... i wish i have somebody like you with me....how adorable...
And she left the seen.
Brenda commented"aww this is weird".
After the party was over...Brenda Charged to take a look at Ely..
While Ely and her husband sitting there in frustration.Brenda entered..
Brenda:Ely i need you at my home at the end of December for a weak as my slave and that includes your husband okay slave...
Ely nodded a yes..
And Brenda walked out of the party as a queen with her sissy boy holding the cup with something in her mind.....
.
.
.
.
.Continues



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    subbie Boy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





