BDSM Library - A Devils Tale: Jacqueline\'s descent




A Devils Tale: Jacqueline\'s descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jacqueline down on her luck makes a bet and loses more than she thought was possible.






A Devils Tale: Jacqueline's descent
Part One

Jacqueline stared at the bruiser of a man sitting across from her at the table. He appeared to be in perfect shape and a man who took care of himself. Probably in his mid-30s but could've been much older for he had an aura of real self-confidence not the false bravado of the young. She wondered if he was some sort of professional athlete but if so she did not know him.
He was the only one still in the game and she had just raised him everything she had left. A full house jacks over queens guaranteed her victory. She had noticed long ago that when he was worried that his mouth open so slightly probably trying to prevent him from clenching his teeth. The man looked at his cards and looked at his sizable stack of chips he had slowly collected over the last two hours. He wasn't a flashy player and she still didn't even know his name but even if he dropped out she would have enough to deal with her immediate problems.
The man in his tailored suit reached out and gathered his chips to meet her final bet. "It's only money," the man said as he cavalierly tossed his chips into the pile, "I call."
This was it for she did not just have enough money now to cover her payment to the loan shark but she could also make her house payment and all the other bills, John would never have to know. "A full house," Jacqueline said with a smile as she no longer needed to keep a straight face.
The man tossed his cards to the center of the table which made her think he was getting angry at losing such a big hand but then the card seemed to land perfectly and showed her defeat. It took her several times counting for she couldn't believe how many threes she saw. She caught herself whispering, "four threes," and she was crushed.
"If you would excuse me I have a pressing matter to attend to," the man said politely as he collected his winnings.
She had nothing left. She had drained out the family's accounts just to make the payment to the loan shark and now she had lost even that. John her loving husband had already forgiven her twice but he was a baseball fan and she feared this was her third strike. The first time was when they were in college and before she had gone to grad school he had billed her out when her luck went bad but she was much better now. Then a couple of years ago right after Ryder was born she was depressed and that showed through in her playing but she promised it wouldn't happen again.
Today her skill and not just cards but reading people had failed, now she probably has lost everything with that single hand. She didn't know what to do or what she would have to do to get out of this mess. Only if she had more time she could come back from this but in a couple of hours she would get a visit from some scary muscle or even worse John would.
"I don't know how he does it," Antonio commented to her.
Antonio was a sociable man but never think he was a friend especially when cards were involved. She knew all too well never trust an opponent. "What you mean by that," she asked barely paying attention.
"A few weeks ago he started showing up and I don't think he's ever lost money," Antonio said clearly angry at the fact he had been beaten once again.
"What do you think he is cheating," she asked him.
Antonio took a big drink of his cheap scotch if it was even scotch. "Nobody has that type of luck," he responded still dealing with the effects of the drink, "personally I think that Harvey is afraid of him. No matter how much he wins they leave him alone and I don't think it is just because of his size."
Jacqueline had enough for she had lost everything and no man was going to hustle her out of her life. She stood up and headed toward the restroom that he currently occupied. She wasn't going to let him get away with whatever he had done. Her rage boiled as she waited and she was just about to bash in the door when he finally opened the door.
She tried not to make a scene but all of her anger was focused on him. "How did you do that," she asked hoping she wasn't yelling.
"It's just a little bit of magic," he responded without pause and completely calm.
"What sort of answer is that," she stated trying not to let her arm act without her permission but she wanted to slog this man who could probably crusher but she didn't care. "I don't know how you cheat but no one wins like you. There's no way you could have beaten me."
"You mean the jaw thing," he responded still completely calm. "I did it to make you think you I had a worse hand than I really did. I was afraid it was so subtle you didn't notice."
The man stepped back into the restroom and Jacqueline followed for she was not going to let him get away even though she had no idea what she could do to him. "Stop this," she said not knowing what she was even thinking and beginning to lose control, "you don't know what I'm going to lose. You destroyed me and you will not get away with it."
The man looked down at his overflowing tray of chips and looked at her. "I never gamble unless I know I'm going to win or at least can afford&nbsp; to walk away with nothing," he said chastising her.
"Not all of us have such fancy suits," Jacqueline said trying to insult him. "People like you that just take don't understand."
"Oh I understand much more than you could ever understand," he responded still with almost no emotion in his voice. "You could say the type of business I'm in is to help people who are in trouble."
"What are you some sort of preacher," she said now confused.
"Far from that but someone who is willing to make a deal," he said as his voice finally showed life.
"What sort of deal," she said as both fear and hope battled in her heart.
"I feel like a gambling man today," the man said with a little half smile. "I'm guessing this will cover your problems." He tapped his tray. "The bet is simple all you have to do is never gamble again and I will hand you your salvation."
She tried count how much money was on the tray but even though she was normally great with numbers she couldn't focus. "Is that all," she asked knowing there had to be some sort of catch, "what if I don't keep our deal?"
"That is what I am betting on," he said as his smile grew. "All the power is in your hands but if you fail I will collect your soul."
She didn't know what this crazy man was spewing but the money that she needed was just right in front of her for it would solve all of her problems for there was enough that she would be able to keep playing and no one would have to know.
"So you have got yourself a bet," she said reaching for the tray.
"Not just yet for I just need your signature right here," he responded placing papers on top of his tray.
She knew no court would uphold any sort of craziness like this so she signed the papers and took the tray. She turned toward the doorway realizing it had shut but she did not remember either of them closing it. When she turned back toward the bruiser of a man who had just saved her he was gone.
She left the bathroom completely confused at what had just happened but with her salvation in hand she quickly became focused on what was most important. She turned in the chips and paid off her debts with plenty to spare and everything was going to be okay.
Jacqueline woke up past ten and she felt refreshed for she knew that she wasn't going into the office today because she was heading out on a business trip. She was grateful that her flight wasn't tell two o'clock and she would be able to sleep in even though it meant missing John. Working at Monahan capital led to many late nights which took away much of her family time but on occasion gave her a good cover when she wanted to go have some fun and blow off some steam.
This trip was going to be much better than most of her business travel. She was heading to Las Vegas to evaluate a regional chocolate company ahead a buyout offer. If everything went well with Sun Delights Rewards she might be flying to Vegas in business but would be flying home on the company jet, or at least she fantasized. She was going to spend hours with her head in paperwork trying to figure out if they were using any accounting tricks to hide debt. She was much better at finding the hidden debt than she was at hiding but if she stayed on the account after the purchase she would have a lot of debt to hide.
Her more important job was to get cozy with office employees and see if there was any secrets that they would let slip. She was good at sizing up people and getting them to open up to her. With it being in Vegas she knew she could have fun and do work at the same time. It had been over a week and she was still flush with cash and now a trip to Vegas paid for by work.
She got ready for her work trip she made sure that she had some tight fitting suits to show off her nice slender body without looking a hooker. She had been lucky to get a job at Monahan capital because her uncle knew someone but she also knew the other reason was because she was young and attractive not even 30 yet. Part of her on said job was to use her body and her nice little bosom along with her high tight ass to distract the often male opponents she would investigate. John might've been a born a&nbsp; teacher but his salary wasn't paying for their nice 2500 ft.� house with the pool out back.
On the counter was a note from her husband telling her how much he was going to miss her and also that the fixings for an omelet are in the fridge. She loved him except for sometimes he could be a little too much of a Boy Scout for her. The people she meets at the underground casinos or even just the random card game maker feel alive and now she gets to go to Vegas and have real fun without any worries.
The flight was just as annoying as expected for dealing with the TSA agent who took more time with her the necessary and her baggage arriving a little later than her. They were staying in a hotel that was off the strip and didn't even have a casino in it. It was nice but it would make her plans take a little more work but it would be worth it. She had read over the per folio many times over the last couple weeks and even on the plane and was ready to get to work.
There were four other coworkers that had been assigned to help with the evaluation plus an additional dozen to deal with the acquiring stock from the current shareholders. It was mostly a family business and a battle had broken out over the future of the company. Some felt like selling out to the outsiders was dishonoring their grandfathers vision and others felt that they weren't getting enough and yet was constantly forced to be involved.
Jacqueline knew that tonight would not be a good time to go out and play a few hands for she knew she had an early morning. A good swim was what she needed and the bikini that she had brought was perfect for getting her a little attention. John didn't mind her wearing it around the house when Ryder wasn't around but she knew he disapproved when it wasn't the two of them. She wondered if she would run into any of her coworkers who probably had fantasized about her more than a few times.
The pool ended up being a good amount of exercise but only some senior citizens were taken advantage of it at the same time. She ended up going back to her room and watching a bad romantic comedy before falling to sleep.
The first day of real work was over and she had played her role perfectly. The two male bookkeepers she let think her skills were not up to the task. She had asked them many questions that she knew the answer to but she was pretty sure they thought her a piece of eye candy. It had been a difficult day because as of the size of the company they had not the best accounting practices but the question she had to answer was it on purpose.
After work she and the young receptionist Mallory who was barely old enough to drink went out for some girl time. Jacqueline knew Mallory's job was really not needed and once the buyout happened she would probably be laid off almost immediately but she couldn't let that slip.
After a couple of hours of careful interrogation later Jacqueline was finally able to sit down and begin having her real fun. This might've been her vice but she was really good and beating the men who often looked down on her at first was ecstasy.
It wasn't tell she had playing for almost an hour when she heard a voice, "drop," was all it said. She had three tens and the pot wasn't that big. She might have lost to a straight but it was not that big of a deal for it was only one small hand.
The next hand was horrible and she was left holding two sevens which left her ready to do dropout. "Bluffing, he's bluffing," the voice said in her head. She looked around and there was nobody but this time she decided as long as it did not get too expensive she would listen. She was surprised when he ended up having nothing.
For the next couple hours the voice did not steer her wrong and it was like it knew what everyone's hand was. This had been her best night probably ever and she was ecstatic as she walked out the casino doors. Her rental car was a nice full-size car but the wad of cash in her purse was what she was thinking about as she sat down in the driver seat.
In a flash of light she felt herself move but she was disoriented and then she didn't believe what she was seeing. She was not sitting in her car but in some sort of extravagant office. Everything in it seem to be handmade and ornate but the most surprising thing was who was sitting behind the desk.
"What just happened," Jacqueline asked the bruiser behind the desk.
"I won our little bet," he responded to Jacqueline's quarry with a big smile. "I told you I don't gamble unless I know I'm going to win."
Jacqueline's mind started to race wondering how she had gotten there. She was still dressed in her business attire and it didn't look like it had been wrinkled like she had slept in it. Soon her mind came to the conclusion that this couldn't be real but as she dug her fingernails into the palm of her hand the pain felt real.
"What so do you want with me," she asked still trying to figure out how this happened.
"To collect what is mine," he answered with a stern tone.
Her mind went over the encounter in the restroom but then she realized what he had come to take, "my soul, you've come to take my soul."
"No I've come to take my soul, the soul you so eagerly risked and now it is mine," he responded.
She jumped out of the chair and began looking for the exit but as she found it she realized she felt funny and that she looked down upon herself she noticed she was naked. She soon realized that wasn't the only reason why she felt funny as she tried to cover up her naked body she noticed a pair of feet in her nice gray shoes were sticking through her bare feet. She looked behind her and found something terrifying for she looked like she was just sleeping on the chair. She knew her heart should be pounding but there was nothing, no sound or even breath for she knew that she was no longer in her own body.
"Now what to do with you," the man said standing up.
"Just put me back in my body," Jacqueline said trying to sound demanding but it came out with a whimper.
"It is true you do have a nice body but what will you do for me with it," he asked her as he approached.
"Whenever you want," came out of her mouth before she could even think.
"Are you going serve me without question," he asked her.
"Yes I will do whatever you ask just let me go home," she answered hoping for mercy.
He looked over her naked spirit body and with a smile said, "you are in a position I could use and as long as you are ready to serve me at a moments notice you will be able to be with beloved John and your young innocent Ryder."
Once again she felt weird but now she was once again sitting in the chair and she could feel her heart pounding which was a great relief. She still was trying to figure out how this was happening but then she remembered the man mention magic was a way he kept winning. If he truly did have some sort of power and he now controlled the fate of her soul. She couldn't believe it for she was at his mercy.
"Take off all of your clothes," the man ordered staring at her.
She stood up slowly and began removing her tightly fitting pants suit. The man stared at her as she set her jacket on the chair try not to wrinkle it. With each article she took off she carefully folded or placed it to avoid making a mess. She knew the longer it took her to take off her clothing the longer it would be before she would be standing in front of this man completely exposed.
"I don't even know your name," Jacqueline asked as she took off her bra, "what am I supposed to call you."
Man reached up and grabbed Jacqueline's breasts before he answered, "for now I am just your master." He took her nipples between his fingers and began to slightly squeeze. "I am okay with you asking questions but just remember if I do not like what you have to say there will be consequences."
He squeezed her nipples harder as she realized that he was setting up a trap for her for whenever she spoke it would be up to him to determine if she was to be punished and there was no way for her to know how he would react quite yet. He had her nipples clasped between his fingers she couldn't stop as she did her best to remove her comfortable underwear allowing it to drop to the floor.
"Yes I understand," she responded.
"I am your master," he said finally letting go of her nipples. "Whenever you address me you should not forget that."
"Yes master," she said for was not too difficult to understand what he wanted.
He placed his left hand on her hairy cunt, "this will not do." He slid his finger slightly inside of her and began rubbing her. "You will not have any more body hair. You will keep your body in pristine shape and perfectly manicured at all time." He took a few of her pubic hairs in hand and yank them out.
"Yes master," she said still wincing from the pain.
"Whenever in my presence you will be naked and never hide that nice body of yours," he instructed her. "As long as your soul is inside that body it is not yours but mine to do with as I please."
"Yes master," Jacqueline said knowing that she really had no choice.
"You are tall with nice long lean legs," he said stepping back from her. "You are a dirty blonde by nature but you keep your hair just blonde, I like that for now. Your breasts are not that large but a good size for your body and I'm pretty sure I will have fun with them. You do have a cute face and nice blue eyes that will look great staring up at me as you suck on my dick. Your lips will no doubt bring me much pleasure and your lower set will no doubt get a lot of use."
She didn't know what to say because she now knew what she feared was going to come to pass. She was to be nothing more than a toy to him. She couldn't believe she had gotten herself into such a disastrous circumstance. She always thought things would balance out as she gambled but this time there was looking like no chance she could win.
"Turn around and let me look at that ass of yours," he instructed her.
"Yes master," she said before to slowly turning around.
"Not bad but you're gonna need some gym work," he informed her as the door opened on its own. "Now follow me."
He took her out into a hall with no windows yet had nice crown molding and looked quite fancy. They travel down the hall past several doors tell he stopped at one on the right. Following this large muscular man who had fantastic powers she felt truly insignificant. It was clear as the door opened he was using his powers to do so. Before she could even see inside she heard a cry of pain. She wanted to run but she knew that would be a mistake because he would take her soul before she got too far, she reluctantly followed him in.
Inside was a large plain white room that had all sorts of simple furniture holding a assortment of tools meant for torture and humiliation. A relatively large mat on the floor and one full-size bed that looked at least somewhat comfortable. The most notable thing in the room were the four women. Three of them were hanging from the ceiling by their feet as the fourth one smack the dark-haired one on the stomach with some sort of flexible stick, rod or cane. They were all naked except for the iron shackles that tightly fit around their forearms and ankles. The three hanging had identical simple collars but the one that was torturing them caller was much more ornate.
"Teresa," master said calling to the one currently smacking the ass of the one with dark brown hair, "this is Jacqueline and she will be your assistant for the night."
Teresa immediately moved toward Jacqueline. Jacqueline looked over the splendors blonde's naked body and it was quite marvelous. She was quite a bit shorter than Jaclyn was but with large ample breasts and a tight waist she seemed almost to beautiful. Just looking at her made her excited. Before she could respond she felt herself being pulled down to meet Teresa's mouth. Teresa kissed her but she did not know how to respond and within a couple seconds she felt a strong slap on her ass.
"Master likes it when we make out," Teresa said before smacking her on the ass again. "You will learn to pleasure or you will learn pain."
Teresa once again pressed her lips against Jacqueline's but this time Jacqueline reciprocated. She saw the treatment of the other women and did not want that to happen to her. Teresa's left hand started to grope her breasts and then the right one started to massage her cunt. She figured that she should return the favor and they were soon pleasure in each other. This was not the first time she ever made out with a woman or even the first time she had an audience that was a long time ago in college before she met John.
Soon the other three women were calling out for the master. They were all begging him to take them and to violate them.
"Master please use me," the young woman with red hair that seemed both natural and unnatural shouted out begging him. Even though she was upside down Jacqueline could tell she too was unnaturally proportioned.
"Master please let my lips taste you," the black haired woman cried out. Her hair was so long that it nearly touched the floor. She had the largest breasts of the four but something about her beauty seemed unnatural and yet alluring.
"Master please let me enjoy you," the brunette with freckles that made her look so cute and innocent begged him. She was so fit and yet she still had breasts larger than most women her size.
She looked over the four women as she made out with Teresa and she came to realize that they looked like they had just come out of a magazine fully airbrushed and manipulated. There was no way that they were completely natural but then she noticed their eyes, they seem to shimmer as if they were emitting some sort of light and soon she found herself transfixed.
"Samantha," master said walking over to the brunette, "I know you're eager to get down and maybe if you do good tonight you will get a reward."
"I understand master," Samantha said disappointed.
"Lidia," he said walking over to the black haired woman, "I want you to make sure that your new friend is well taken care of."
"I understand master," Lidia responded.
"Finally Catalina," he said approaching the redhaired woman, "you know what is expected of you. If you do well you will be rewarded but anymore resistance you will be punished, of course you like being punished don't you."
"Yes master I do," Catalina said with an uneasy tone.
"Teresa," master said approaching the two of us, "just a remember she's not a fairy like you. Her body cannot sustain as much punishment."
"A fairy," came out of Jacqueline's mouth without her thinking.
Master grabbed Jacqueline's right breast and began massaging it. "Yes they are fairies, more accurately part of the Fay class of creatures," he informed her. "They are not humans or in the case of these particular Fay they are no longer humans." He looked over at Teresa. "You have my permission to show her."
"Yes master," Teresa responded just then her body glowed and seemed to disappear.
It took Jacqueline a moment to notice the much smaller floating fairy and even more time to realize it was still Teresa except for she had beautiful butterfly wings. She was no taller than 6 inches but it was definitely Teresa.
"Their species is that of the Tillgot," master informed her. "This particular type of Fay is quite insidious. They cannot reproduce normally for only a newly transformed one can create viable offspring. You should not feel any sympathy for them. They take the children of humans so that they can be transformed into new Tillgot."
"What does that mean," Jacqueline asked without thinking.
"They trick and kidnap children," master informed her. "These four were posing at Child protective services hunting for new members."
Jacqueline couldn't help but stare at the little ferry in front of her, "they kidnap children to reproduce."
"Not exactly," Master informed her, "once they are transformed they are able to breed with other Tillgot but their children will not be able to."
"Please tell me the children are at least safe," Jacqueline asked thinking of Ryder.
"Teresa return to your human form and explain the selection process to your new friend," master instructed her.
Teresa transformed back into the beautiful blond woman. "After testing those that meet the requirements are transformed and are treated as honored members of the Tillgot," Teresa informed her.
Those that meet the requirement echoed around in Jacqueline's head. "And those that do not," she asked.
"They are put to work and once they are too weak that we use to feed the beetles," Teresa said without remorse.
Jacqueline felt sick to her stomach and couldn't believe what she had heard. She wanted to make Teresa pay for how horrible they were. She had a strange thought, what if this is all a lie. What if this is to get her to beat them without remorse.
"The Tillgot are quite an aggressive type of Fay," master added. "They attack other types of Fay and put them in iron chains."
Jacqueline notices the second iron chains is mentioned all four of them react. "What exactly is important about iron chains," she asked.
"Iron is the Fay's weakness," master continued. "It was built into the Fay construct, iron severely interrupts their ability to use magic and is one of the few ways you can actually keep them bound."
Jacqueline now understood why they had the iron cuffs and collar. If they were as cruel as they seem to be she would not want to meet one that was not in chains. She really didn't know what to do next so she just waited for her next orders.
Master put his hands on Jacqueline's shoulders and slid slowly down to her breasts. "Sadly my dick is preoccupied tonight so I'm going to leave you in the capable hands of Teresa," he told her as he squeezed her nipples. "Now out of sign friendship I want each of you to make Jacqueline feel welcome," he said with a smile, "you each need to make her orgasm tonight. If you do you will get to sleep on the ground and if you really do well then maybe even a morning free." He let go of her nipples and proceeded to walk away before turning back. "In Jacqueline if you do not come for these new friends of yours they will just have to punish you, a good spanking from each that fell should suffice." He left the room and the door automatically closed them in.
Just then Jacqueline noticed that the door did not have handles which meant they were probably locked in.&nbsp; she stared at the door then all of a sudden she felt arms around her and breasts being pressed into her back. There is only one person could be and she wasn't happy with her having her arms around her.
"I'm going to get this over quickly," Teresa said as she began kissing Jacqueline's neck. "I hope you're into women because I will definitely get my reward first."
Jacqueline had made out with girls in high school and in college twice she had threesomes but never just a woman let alone four. "I know I really don't have a choice," Jacqueline responded.
"You're going to come for me," Teresa said as she began to direct Jacqueline toward the bed, "I don't care about the others but it's just the two of us right now."
It wasn't too long before she felt herself being picked up and thrown onto the bed. Teresa was a lot stronger than she looked at was probably because she wasn't human. She was being manhandled into position with her legs spread open. Teresa began kissing her on the lips again but it did not last too long. She began moving down Jacqueline's bare body kissing her.
Within just a couple of moments she felt Teresa's lips on her left nipple as she began to kiss and then suck on it. Her right breast shortly had Teresa's hand on it and then she felt it, Teresa's right hand was between her legs massaging her wet pussy. It was clear that Teresa had done this before probably many times for she felt her body temperature rising.
"Give that cunt to me," Linda screamed out.
Jacqueline didn't know what to do for she did not want to get spanked and if she knew that they wouldn't be happy with her and probably knew how to cause her a lot of pain even if it was just a spanking. Her thoughts were interrupted as she felt Teresa's fingers began to slide inside her.
The others hanging there began to calling her names intermixed with sexual suggestions and pleas of her to hurry up. She found it difficult to think as Teresa's fingers played around inside her. She couldn't keep thinking about why it was happening she just needed to focus on letting her body react which was made easier when Teresa's lips left her nipples and began kissing her sticky wet pussy.
Teresa's tongue and lips danced between her legs and it wasn't too long before her body reacted and she felt the spasm inside. She let out a reactive loud moan and her first trial was over.
"You better not have been faking," Teresa said pulling her face out from between Jacqueline's legs.
"Why would you think I was faking," Jacqueline asked in response.
Teresa slid 2 of her fingers deep inside Jacqueline's pussy. "You can lie to us but master knows every thought in your head," Teresa explained to her.
"What you mean," Jacqueline asked immediately.
"He doesn't own our souls for we do not have them," Teresa informed her. "Were just his prisoners but you are his property. If you lie he will know and he doesn't like liars. If you think you can move against him in some way you have already lost."
Jacqueline did not like the sound of that for she had already had some violent thoughts toward her master. "You don't have to worry you did a really good job," Jacqueline told her glad it was over.
Before she could even catch her breath the course from the other three got louder as a begged to be next. There upside down chained bodies was a sight to behold but the fact that they were calling to her was quite disturbing. She was sure that the only reason they wanted her was because of what master offered them but still it was flattering or something she didn't quite understand.
"Jacqueline I think you need some time to recover," Teresa said with a smile standing up. "We need to make sure to put them in their place before you continue." She proceeded to walk back towards the hanging women and picked up one of the flexible canes. "You have to put them in their place."
With a swift powerful swing rod smacked into Catalina side. Catalina let out no screen and then another swift hit with this time to her breasts. With each hit Catalina swing more and more until finally on the seven strike hitting her lower back she let out a scream.
"Doesn't that just make you wet," Teresa said looking back at Jacqueline.
Jacqueline did not know what to say so she kept her mouth shut.
"If you're going to assist me then get over here," Teresa said for Jacqueline knew it wasn't a request.
Jacqueline slowly approach the four women not knowing what was going to happen to her or what she was going to be forced to do.
"You can start off by smacking Lidia's firm ass," Teresa said handing the rod over to Jacqueline.
Jacqueline didn't know what to do but she didn't feel like she had much of a choice so she struck Lidia's ass with the rod.
"No you must do it much harder, like this," Jacqueline heard Teresa say right before she felt the stinging sensation on her own posterior.
"Aaah," Jacqueline screamed and turned to look at what Teresa had just done. Teresa had a smile on her face and Jacqueline can feel the pulsating pains coming from the strike. She realized that moment Teresa would prefer hurting her then helping her.
"Now do it again but this time much harder," Teresa instructed her.
This time Jacqueline tried to put much more force in the strike but still Lidia still do not scream and once again Teresa felt a strike on her own ass and let out another scream. Jacqueline turned back toward Teresa and then tried again striking Lidia's ass and then again finally causing Lidia to start to swing.
Jacqueline brace yourself for another strike from Teresa but it did not, instead she felt a hand between her legs and a finger slide inside her own pussy. "See how exciting it can be," Teresa said feeling her pussy. "It's so much better when they scream though."
"What you want me to do," Jacqueline asked Teresa.
Teresa smacked Lidia's ass hard with her own rod. "I'm to teach you how to make them scream," Teresa said with a straight face before smiling at Jacqueline, "or you're going to scream for them."
Over what Jacqueline thought was probably the next hour or so Teresa showed her how to strike much more force and also how to stop short allowing the rod to spring forward causing it to sting much more. Every time she messed up she was reminded how good Teresa was causing pain. Eventually she was able to cause Catalina to scream out.
"You're getting better at that," Teresa said inspecting Catalina's mark. "A lot more practice and you actually might get good at this."
She couldn't believe she was actually hurting these women but even more surprising was the fact that they weren't screaming in pain. She could hear the difference when Teresa struck her versus one of the other girls and it was clear Teresa was going easy on her but still she screamed.
"I thank you for your praise," Jacqueline responded try not to sound eager or dismissive for she didn't want another lesson. She probably couldn't sit down without quite a bit of pain already.
"Now it's time to get back to the matter at hand," Teresa said walking over to another table. "Now it's time for you to learn another lesson." Teresa turned around with a handful of items in her hands and approached Jacqueline. "Are you fascinating about the human body," Teresa asked Jacqueline as she approached.
Jacqueline soon realized that the items in Teresa's hands were clamps, more accurately the type that were used hold together large documents. "What is this lesson you are to teach," Jacqueline asked tepidly.
"Pain and pleasure are not so different," Teresa said right before a burst of motion. Jacqueline felt a strong pinch on her right nipple as Teresa placed the clamp on it. Jacqueline immediately tried to remove it but Teresa stopped her. "That hurts doesn't it?"
"Of course it does," Jacqueline responded practically screaming at Teresa.
"That's good," Teresa said just as Jacqueline felt other clamp on her left nipple. "Now for the real fun."
Teresa's smack Jacqueline's arms as she tried to remove the clamps but then all of a sudden Teresa grabbed the right nipples clamp and pulled it off. Jacqueline screamed in pain and try to pull away from Teresa but instead Teresa pulled them closer together. Without warning she felt something warm on her right nipple as Teresa began sucking on it. It was still stinging from the clamp being pulled off it, it hurt but it also felt quite good.
"Pain can be used to enhance pleasure," Teresa said pulling away. "You got a long way to go for your finished for the night." Teresa caught Jacqueline offguard again and reattached the right nipple clamp.
"Stop doing that," Jacqueline pleaded.
Teresa hold held up her hands showing each one contained two more clamps. "All six of these clamps need homes," Teresa said with a smile, "and I see eight nipples.
"You want me to place them on the girls," Jacqueline responded starting to feel her nipples go numb.
"Or I can place them all on you," Teresa responded. Jacqueline moved to remove the ones on her but Teresa smacked her arms again, "these ones first."
Jacqueline took the clamps and placed the first two on Samantha and then on Catalina. Finally she removed the two on her own breasts and place them on Lidia. As if they were magnets Teresa grabbed Jacqueline's sore nipples and began playing with them.
"Please stop," Jacqueline said begging Teresa.
"She ready to move on to the next fun," Teresa said all too happy with her self, "you are eager to student."
Jacqueline just wanted to get this over with and the only person she had come with was Teresa. "We must be running out of time and master probably would not be happy if you stop me from completing his instructions."
"Just one less thing you need to do and then you can get your pleasure," Teresa said turning toward the seven cranks aligning one of the walls. It was clear that at least some of them were attached to the chains holding the young women up. "Some extra incentive for them to do a better job." Teresa lowered Catalina to the ground and then headed to another table with some metal rods on it.
"What do we do with those," Jacqueline asked fearing the damage they could inflict.
"Don't worry they're not for striking but spreading," Teresa informed her as she headed toward Catalina.
After little bit of a struggle Teresa inserted the bar between Catalina's legs forcing them far part. She proceeded to return to the crank and lifted Catalina back up into the air but now her legs were spread far apart.
"You get to put the rod on the next two," Teresa told her as she began lowering Lidia.
Jacqueline began to wonder as she retrieved one of the metal bars if she was ever gonna find yourself hanging from the ceiling like these women but the answer was almost certainly yes. After little bit of a struggle she was able to force Lidia's legs apart and attach the bar. Samantha was easier but soon all three were hanging with their legs spread out.
"Now what," Jacqueline asked.
Teresa retrieved three candles from one of the many drawers and handed them to Jacqueline. "Were going to light three candles," Teresa said with a smile. "But they still need a holder and I see three very tight pussies nice and ready."
Jacqueline looked at the candles and then over at the women. "You want me to slide these into their pussies don't you," Jacqueline responded.
"You're starting to learn," Teresa responded. "After they're all lit you can choose which one of the&nbsp; three are going make you happy. The longer it takes the more hot wax that will drip on their bodies."
Jacqueline knew she had no choice and anyways these women were not human and weren't even good. She not so carefully slid the candles into each of their wet pussies before Teresa handed her a lit match. Jacqueline took a step back after lighting the candles seen the three beautiful women in such a stressful position and the candles flickering and shifting around was disturbing but also interesting.
"So who are you to start with," Teresa asked.
Jacqueline didn't really care, "Catalina I guess."
Jacqueline approached Catalina and shifted her hips and presented Catalina her wet pussy. Catalina wasted no time before beginning to lick it intensely. Even though her hands were bound she tried everything she could but it took much longer than it had done with Teresa. She wasn't really able to come until she began playing with her own sore nipples. She found herself a couple times nearly fall over but she was glad she didn't.
Lidia was next and just like before it took much longer and was much harder to stay upright as Lidia drove her tongue in and out of Jacqueline's pussy and dancing around her clit. The candles burned and she could tell when a big pool of wax would lie and on Lidia's more sensitive areas but eventually she was able to get off.
She approached Samantha and she was utterly exhausted but she didn't have a choice. The candle burned down and it was clear time was passing but Jacqueline was just too tired and she couldn't make her self orgasm. Maybe if she wasn't focusing so hard on standing and if Samantha had use of her hands it would be different but she knew time must be running out. She was holding onto Samantha's hanging body to keep from falling over and she felt the metal clamps keep slamming into her body but there was nothing. She is afraid to give up but she was just too tired.
When the door opened startling Jacqueline she dropped to the ground. Samantha's left nipple clamp fell off with her which hurt when it landed on her.
"So Jacqueline have you had fun," master asked approaching her.
"I'm just too tired," Jacqueline responded practically whimpering.
"I can see that," master said as he approached her. "Three out of four is not bad and after much training you will be able to come much more often."
"Teresa lowered down Samantha," master said trying to hide his emotions but he did a poor job. "Jacqueline help Samantha down."
It took Jacqueline a few moment to even stand up and much longer to remove the bar between her legs and unhook her shackles from the chains. Jacqueline could feel tears welling up in her eyes, she didn't know if it was because she was about ready to get struck or because she was so tired.
"You can also remove the pin that locks her hands together," master instructed her, "but the candles a good touch."
She fumbled around before figuring out how to remove the locking pin and then the main pin. It was kinda weird being this close to Samantha and her being right side up. She even stared right into her eyes which just seemed weird that she couldn't tell what color they were and every time she looks straight into them she felt something but she couldn't quite describe it.
"Samantha why don't you head over to the bed," the master instructed.
"Yes master," Samantha said with a little too eagerly with the now extinguished candle still between her legs.
Samantha was so beautiful even as she walked away Jacqueline felt jealous of her. "Jacqueline you need to get your punishment for not accepting Samantha's hard work," master instructed her. It took way too long to get her feet which made her afraid that he was in get impatient with her but instead he just smiled. "Now Samantha you get to spank her like a little misbehaving child." Jacqueline did not like the sound of that but she had little choice.
"It will be like a mother disciplining her delinquent child," Lidia said laughing.
Catalina laughed as she added, "she's old enough to be her grandma's grandma's grandma's grandmother."
It took Jacqueline a moment to realize what Catalina had implied. She shuffled toward the bed as she began to realize that these fairies were probably much older than they appeared. Eventually she reach the bed and Samantha practically pulled her down over her knees and raised her hand. Jacqueline gritted her teeth and waited as she stared at the floor smelling the wax between Catalina's legs. After a moment when nothing came she began to wonder what was going to happen. She looked over at master and just then she felt the strike. It hurt but not nearly as bad as the strikes from the rod and then it happened again but on a different part of her ass.
After seven she lost count and then after a few more she heard master, "that's enough for today."
She wanted to get off of Samantha but she was just so tired. She was exhausted and she had no idea what time it was for even that mat on the ground looked good to her.
"From what I understand you have a busy day ahead of you," master said as he put his hand on her shoulder. "The next time you are here I hope it's more opportune for me so we can get to know each other better."
Jacqueline didn't even care that his hand was on her she just wanted to sleep. She laid collapsed on Samantha's lap but then something strange happened, she felt a warmth on her shoulder and then she felt different. She had strength but she didn't actually feel better but she could move again.
"Next time your entire body will be shaved and you will working on making your body tighter," master said not as suggestions but as commands.
She didn't know what to say but at least she could move again, somehow. Before she realized it she was no longer on Samantha's lap but on the seat, no a backseat of a car, then she realized it was her rental car. The sun was already up and it bathed her naked body.
She looked around the car and found her clothes in the passenger seat. She struggled to get them back on hoping no one saw her. Everything had been returned to her except for all the money she had won. He left her the money she originally had plus a little extra and a note.
"A little extra for a nice hot breakfast and a little fun."



Review This Story
 || Email Author:     Steven Wilkerson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





