BDSM Library - 22 Tweets




22 Tweets
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   22 Stories in 140 characters or less.






Tweets 2

Big prison riot. Warden ordered me to cell block H. Guard locked me in. I was the nurse, now I'm a bald fuck toy. That was 5 years ago.

"Swallow it, slave." Her lips engulf my entire cock and balls. In and out. I cum down her throat. "Stay! I need to relieve my bladder."

My husband is intent on humiliating me. First he threw out all my bras. Now I can only wear T shirts. Next he says I get 2" nipple rings.

Master is a 6'5" shemale with 12" cock. Mistress is bull dyke. I'm tattooed head to toe with porn. I started a nice Long Island girl.

I think I'm in love. Master brought home a new slave. Can't wait to feel her tongue on my clit ring. He's whipping her now. She screams nice

Blindfolded on a medieval rack. Click. He whips my stomach. I scream into my gag. Click Whips my cunt. Click My tits. Click It doesn't end.

No, not that one! Master is burning all my clothes. Says I don't them anymore. Just cuffs and a thick leather collar. That dress cost $500.

Can't stop. Just a cum slut. Did 20 Cum Russians partying. Came to in a male dorm and did another 20 guys before lunch. Wanted another 20.

Born to be a slave. No education. No family. No life. Bought by a very wealth cult. I service them all. They whip me for pleasure. Theirs.

Standing. My cock deep in her ass. I hold her arms behind her back. My maid heats a wire brand and marks her defenseless tit flesh. I cum.

By day I work in a law office. At night I suck cocks in a strip club. I screw guys at both jobs. Not sure which one makes me a bigger whore?

Picked up a hitch-hiking bitch. Took "the convincer" a day to spread her legs. Tight ass. Sold her to friends for a few dime bags.

Been gang banging for the last couple of hours. Got 10 loads in my pussy. Going upstairs to find little cunt-missy. Here dear, eat up!

More hubby's humiliations. Now I have to go out barefoot w/a t-shirt &amp; shorts 2 sizes too small. If people don't call me a slut he beats me.

She used to be a bitch. Now she will suck your cock just to say hello. Our wife training services cost $20K and we'll throw in a loaner.
&nbsp; 
I'm hanging upside down, a funnel crammed in my mouth. Mistress is jacking me. Ooh. Suck. Suck. Shit. I guess I'm going to taste it.

Master turned me into a man: flat tits, permadildo, short hair, lots of testosterone. Recording my gay bar date. He's hoping I get beat good
&nbsp; 
I bet my BF I could walk across town naked without getting arrested. Shit. There's another cop I'm going to have to blow.

Master strapped me to an X, blindfolded. Invited his friends over. I have to guess how many guys fucked me. If I'm wrong it starts all over.

A pins and needles contest. Tits holding 20 pins, pussy lips have 10. Loser works a week in Mexican brothel. Shit He's aiming for my clit.

Master locked me in a rest stop glory hole. Said he'd be back in a few hours. It's been 2 days. Heard an ambulance yesterday. I wonder?

More humiliation. Hubby ordered me to the park, find a 10" cock and beg for an ass fucking. Wouldn't take me back without picture proof.
&nbsp; 
I'm such a star fucker. Mostly dull sex but one mousey guy is so kinky it took a week for my cigarette burned clit to heal. He's calling now

Picking up a new slave. I always get butterflies. Start by starving her for a week or two. Instant obedience. Hope she has big tits.

Strapped into Master's gyno table, blindfolded. Rap blaring in my ears. Fucking machine relentless on my pussy. Drip drip. Lube? No, Cum.

Hiking in the mountains Master left me naked, tied to a tree, 3 miles in. Four college boys found, freed, and fucked me. Getting dark &amp; cold

Hubbie's latest: left me at a NV brothel for a week. Took all my cash, rented a pornstar in Vegas for the night. I was gagged under the bed.

Master teaches a whipping class. Final exam today. I'm the target and the graduation prize. Brings new meaning to magna CUM laude.

Strapped on my stomach, legs spread. Mistress promised her friends, first to kick my worthless cock to cum wins my ass and a 16" strapon.

Boyfriend wanted a 3some. No. Too many emotional issues. 4 girls and 30 guys. OK! I did 12 guys. He did all 4 girls. I'm jealous and sore.

Bondage dogging. Chained and cuffed to a post behind rest stop 84. Latex mask, rubber ring force my mouth open. Get a clue, I like it rough.

Wore my whip-crossed padlock necklace to work. Boss asked if master rents me out. Who knew he knew? Says I'll need a turtleneck for Monday.

Mistress duck taped my head to her slave's crotch, his dick stuck in my mouth. Then she teased him. I was gagging all night. 10" is too much



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Relavaque


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





