BDSM Library - The Gang Rape of Farrah Fawcett




The Gang Rape of Farrah Fawcett
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  An untold tale of the 1970s. Farrah comes home to Corpus Christi, Texas and become the main attraction at a notorious Rape Bar.






Secret Tales of the '70's:

The Gang Rape of Farrah Fawcett-

Disclaimer: This story is pure fiction and has nothing to do with existing persons.
The story features one celebrity, several fictional characters, kidnapping, and rape.



In 1976, Downtown Corpus Christi, Texas was a very... interesting... place to be.
Downtown was divided into three sections: 'The Bayfront' extend up 2 blocks from the carefully maintained marinas for the rich on Shoreline Drive. Another half mile inland, a steep hill lifted to the high rise buildings of "Upper Downtown"; and between the two lay, "Below the Hill" or "Lower Downtown". It was a two block wide, two mile long run of strip clubs, adult book stores, massage parlors, and other... interesting... businesses. 

Vice was so thick "under the Hill", the hookers were fighting for space on the street corners. 

In the spring of that year, native daughter Farrah Fawcett-Majors returned home for a visit, minus her TV star husband, Lee Majors, who was still shooting episodes of his TV show, the Six Million Dollar Man. 

She was excited. A pilot she shot had been picked up for series on ABC. A little show called "Charlie's Angels". After visiting with her family for a few days, she was screaming bored and looking for some fun. She called up an old friend from High School and made plans to hit the clubs in Downtown. 

Farrah dug into her suitcases looking for fashion gold, and found a pair of pink shorts, and a loose fitting lacy white top. Combined with new 5" pink pumps, she was ready to set the local clubs on fire!

Saturday night, by 10:40 PM, Farrah and Stacy were on their third nightclub of the evening, and were feeling no pain. Laughing and giggly, the two tipsy blondes staggered out of their latest club onto Peoples Street and mistakenly turned west into lower downtown, instead of east back toward the Bayfront. Moments later, instead of finding Stacy's car parked on the Bayfront, the women found themselves in the hustle of seedy Chaparral Street. 

On the baddest street in Corpus Christi, sat the baddest bar in all Texas. 

The Neptune.

Technically a topless bar, since nude bar were illegal in Corpus Christi; but the dancers worked nude every night. The police never came in, they knew better. The Neptune was owned by the Bandidos. 
It made sense. It was the baddest bar in Texas, owned by the baddest biker gang in Texas. 

Outside the street was a steady flow of tourists and locals looking for illicit entertainment, inside the dancers showed their bodies on the stages, and sold their bodies in the backrooms. The aging building smelled from the gin soaked wood of its floors up to the tobacco smoke stained tiles on it's ceiling. The 30 foot long oak bar had seen better days as well, and most of the stools that lined it were waiting to fall apart. But the liquor was strong, the women were easy, and the Bandidos were the law inside the Neptune. 

On the street, the law had run away. CCPD cruisers only looped thru Lower Downtown a few time each night, making an appearance, never daring to stop, especially not on the weekend. On Chaparral Street a crowd had gathered as two street walkers had begun to fight over who owned the tiny section of street they plied their trade on. Pimps seldom got involved. A good fight got the men's blood up, more money for the other girls. 

As the crowd pushed and shoved for a better view of the women fighting, a sudden surge of onlookers trying to avoid being caught up in the brawl separated Farrah and Stacy. The flow of the crowd (along with the occasional groping hand) moved the women apart till they could no longer see each other. 

Her heading spinning from the drinks and the rough treatment from the crowd, Farrah was pushed along down the street, till a knight came to the ladies rescue. Seeing the familiar face being pulled stumbling along, Doc swept his arm around Farrah, and lifted her safely out of the crowd's push and into an alcove along the store front. 

Doc was in his 20s. Long blonde hair ran down his back, and a full beard and moustache covered his face. 6' 1" before he put on his black boots, Doc was a tall, muscled man wearing the jeans and denim vest of the Bandidos. Doc had stepped out of the Neptune to check out the chick fight on the street.

Farrah, still wobbly on her feet, giggled as she thanked her gallant knight, and managed to stammer out a few drunken words of gratitude. 

Doc smiled at the drunken TV star. "Say I know you. Its Farrah isn't it?"

"Yes, oh did we go to school together? Did you go to King?" Farrah laughed at herself as she tried to stand more steadily.

"IwenttoKingHigh,nottheoneoverinKingsvilletheonehereinCorpusChristi. (gasping to catch her breath) IsthatwherewemetdidyougotoKing?" Her sentences spilled out like one long drunken word.

"Yeah, King High, that's it. We went to King High together. In fact, we're having a little class reunion party inside, want to come?" Doc smiled.

"Well, I've got to find my friend Stacy, she's here to. She went to King High. Maybe that's where she went!" Farrah squealed excitedly.

"Yeah, I'll bet she's inside looking for you." and with that the big Biker swept Farrah Fawcett Majors in thru the doors of The Neptune.

Fuzzy headed and out of focus, Farrah still knew something was wrong as she and Doc staggered into the Bar. The smell of old cigarette smoke and stale beer permeated the atmosphere. The other women in the club seemed to have even less on than her, and worse than that, they we getting all the attention. Before she could say a word Farrah found herself hustled in to table with a drink in her hand, and another being helped down her throat. The speakers blared "Lynrd Skynrd" as a drunken Farrah called out, "All right, I want to dance!" still not realizing where she was. 

"Hey, you want to dance Farrah, we'll get you the featured spot. Best dance floor in town. Here just have another drink while we wait for a new song." Doc was playing her just right, pouring drinks and covering her in flattery. By the time "Free Bird" finally ended, Farrah was well drunk, and having trouble standing without help.

Doc helped her up and started guiding the unwitting entertainer to the main stage. The dancer who had just finished rushed down the steps and brushed past Farrah.

"Hey, that girl was naked!" Farrah smiled as she giggled. 

Doc laughed and said, "Yeah, she sure was." as he helped Farrah up the steps and onto the stage. 

Just as the spotlights hit her eyes blinding her, Farrah heard the DJ call out," Hey, we've got a celebrity in the house tonight guys. Movie star and hometown honey Farrah Fawcett Majors is here and she says she's in a mood to dance."

Doc had propped Farrah up against the stripper pole near the front of the stage, as the DJ started to grind out Labelle' "Lady Marmalade". Farrah lifted her hands above her head and cheered as she began to move to the sound of the song. Drunk as she was, she didn't notice she was dancing alone on a stage. The crowd of men soon moved to their feet and began crowding around the stage for a better view. A bowl was being passed thru the crowd collecting tips as the rough crowd looked on as slim body of the then 29 year old star began to sway with the music. 

Not satisfied with the view of her in short and lacey top, the crowd was beginning to become restless, some men even leaning on stage to try and sneak peeks up the legs of her loose fitting shorts. by the time the DJ started Hot Chocolates "You sexy thing" as the second song, the crowd was ready to riot. The tip bowl passing in the crowd was overflowing and the bartender gave Doc the high sign to get the party started.

As Farrah continued to dance the crowd began to shout..

"I want to see some tits!" "Let&#8217;s see that sweet ass!" "Get that slut out of those clothes!" 

The sound of the men's comments started to bring Farrah back to reality, the feeling of Doc's hands pulling her shorts down, off and away brought her even closer.

The tiny pink panties Farrah had put on that night barely covered anything as she staggered and tried to avoid the groping hands that reached out for her from stage side. She tried to move to the back of the stage, to the steps and escape, but Doc and two others blocked her way and pushed her back to the front of the stage, where eager eyes waited for her. She was sobering quickly when she tried to run to the back of the stage the second time. This time Doc grabbed hold of her in a bear hug that pinned her arms while another man forced a bottle of Bacardi into her mouth. The flood of rum lightened her fighting, and Doc used the opportunity to lift the lacey top off her baring her tits for the crowd, as he pushed her back onto stage. 

By now the four biggest tippers had been escorted onto the stage, and began to take turns grabbing and groping the struggling star. The first man reached around her and grabbed her ass, pulling her forward to meet his pelvic thrust, so hard it almost knocked the breath out of her. The second man approached from behind, and reached around and clamped his hands onto her 34B tits, and squeezed them with all his might. 

The rough treatment caused Farrah to cry out and scream with pain; but to no avail. Her night was just starting.

Big Tipper #3 grabbed hand fulls of Farrah's hair, and then pulling her face close to his, forced his tongue into her mouth. Farrah squealed with disgust at the probing tongue and the beer breath that invaded her mouth.

Not to be out done by the others, Big Tipper #4 slipped his thumbs into the elastics of the hips of Farrah's silky panties and in one smooth motion slipped them off her body, and into his pocket, as a trophy of the night. 

Quickly two of the men turned Farrah around and forced her to bend over. Their hands explored the soft round bottom that stood exposed. Squeezing her buns the spread her open to bare the beautiful pussy and pink puckered ass of a Hollywood star in the making. The men took turns spanking her ass till her buns glowed a bright red. Farrah screamed and begged for mercy, but none was coming. The men began fingering her tender holes as Farah began to cry.

One of the dancers, a beautiful Mexican girl named Virginia, just barely old enough to be working at the bar forced her way up the steps and grabbed Doc by the arm. Summoning all the courage her 5' tall frame could muster she told the big biker, "This is getting out of hand." Doc gave her a cross look. "The cops are going to show up, these guys are out of control. They're going to rape her!"

Doc growled under his breath and reached out. Taking hold of Virginia's top he yanked it off her like it was tissue paper baring her perfect C cup tits. 

"Get on your knees." Doc ordered. Virginia courage disappeared in a flash. Everyone knew what happened to girls that said no to Bandidos. Quietly, Virginia sunk to her knees, and without another word opened Doc's pants and took out his cock. Doc was already hard from watching Farrah's show, so Virginia took him in her mouth as quickly as possible to avoid the punishment she feared. 

From her position, bent over near the front of the stage, Farrah saw everything, as Virginia obediently serviced Doc. She now realized what was in store for her.

Big Tipper #1 saw the show to. Abandoning his probing of Farrah's pussy, he stepped around in front of the TV Star, and grabbing a hand full of hair lifted her head up and forced her to watch more of the spectacle. 

"She doing a good job back there? Is she sucking him good slut? You think you can do better?" The man's pants were already open and he forced his hard cock into Farrah's screaming mouth, finally muffling her protests. 

Doc looked down at Virginia bobbing up and down on his cock while staring up at him. "See Virginia, she's not making a sound anymore, is she?" Tears slowly rolled down Virginia's cheeks as she nodded her head and continued to suck on Doc cock.

Meanwhile, a stool had been lifted onto the stage, and Farrah was bent over it. One patron produced a pair of handcuffs, and her wrists were quickly secured behind her back, which another patron, a huge man, pulled off his belt, and wrapped in under the seat of the stool and over Farrah's back before buckling it, strapping the struggling star onto the bar stool, helpless.

For the next 30 minutes the four big tippers took turns forcing their cocks into Farrah's three vulnerable openings. Excited by the show, and unwilling to wait their turn, the men in the audience began grabbing house dancers and forcing themselves on them. A few offered token resistance before giving in, but most submitted without a word.

The waitresses were a different matter. While the dancers almost all took customers into the back rooms for sex, the waitresses were a group of college girls and single moms trying to make ends meet, but unwilling to bare themselves on the stage, much less prostitute themselves out to customers. 

Brunette single mom Jessica tried to fend off the big man who grabbed her and pulled her onto a couch. Jessica struggled, fought and even called to the bouncers for help, only to have the doorman tell her to 'just relax and enjoy it' as the customer forced his cock into her unwilling pussy. 

41 year old Patty found herself trapped in a corner with an 18 year old young man who had come in to celebrate his birthday. The redhead MILF found herself giving the youngman everything he wanted from her as his birthday present, even forcing her to take multiple loads of cum in her pussy. Three weeks later Patty would discover she was pregnant again for the first time in 20 years. 

19 year old College Student Candy was the only Black in the club, waitressing to pay for college at C.C.S.U. She found herself dragged into one of the backrooms and forced to spend the rest of the night satisfying an old fat white man, who forced her to beg for "The big mean white man to rape her little nigger pussy." By morning, it wasn't just her pussy that was raped, as the old man enjoyed himself in all three of her openings; and fucked her tits as well, before blowing his final load of cum on her face.

Even the sole female customer of the night wasn't safe from the men's depredations. Slim Thai, Penwah had come into apply for a waitress job, and had stayed to have a few drinks before going home. The bartender had been eyeing her while she filled out her application, and now took advantage of the opportunity when she tried to slip out the side door to the loading dock. Catching the pretty Asian woman, he pulled her into one of the empty backrooms and began to tear the clothes off her. Soon her submissive oriental nature took hold and she gave into the near stranger who licked every inch of her body before forcing her to perform her first blowjob. After enduring what seemed like hours on end of being raped and used, the bartender left her nude, bound and gagged in the room. She was now Bandidos property.

Back on the Main stage Farrah had been forced to satisfy each of the Big Tippers. Unstrapped from the stool, Farrah was forced onto her knees before a line of men that ran the length of the stage, down the steps and back the length of the stage. Each man had a hard cock in his hand and each was expecting the blowjob they tipped for. 

Doc took a moment out from raping Virginia to force some more rum down Farrah's throat, and then picked Virginia up, and turned her upside down, lowering her mouth down over his cock, the lifting the tiny woman up and down forcing her to suck his cock while she hung inverted and helpless.

An hour later, Farrah still knelt, servicing one cock after another. At one point, the handcuffs had been removed and she was forced to give hand jobs to two men, while sucking the third. Soon she had lost count of how many men had violated her that evening. Her face and hair was sticky with jizz, spent cum dripped from her nipples, and the taste of man filled her mouth.

It was about 1:45 am when the bartender took a break from his backroom party and returned to the bar to announce last call. The final few customers had their turns in Farrah's mouth, and the tired, sore dancers and waitresses endured the final thrusts of their customers, before they were led to the door. Farrah, dizzy and ill from the experience she had just lived thru, heard a woman cry, and looked up the see Virginia, flat on her back, legs spread wide in the air, and Doc still fucking her.

"No Doc, Please, No. I'd don't want to get pregnant! Don't do this. Please don't cum in me. I'll do anything you want. I'll suck it, I'll swallow down every drop. Please don't cum inside me!" Virginia screamed the word 'me', as all Doc's muscle's tensed and he forced his cock deep inside her and let out a growl of pleasure as he dumped his load into sweet Virginia's fertile womb. The feeling of his cum exploding into her made Virginia scream like she never had before in her life. After he was spent, she lay there, with him on top of her, still inside her, his semi-erect penis still sliding slowly in and out. 
When, after several long minutes (and spasms of after cum) Doc was finished, he slowly rose to his feet. "Get yourself cleaned up Virginia. You've got to work tomorrow."

Farrah couldn't believe what had happened, what she was forced to do, what she was seeing. Quickly she grabbed for her clothes and made a dash for the steps and a run at freedom. But even freshly spent Doc was faster than her, and caught her before she reached the floor. 

"Come on woman, we've got to get you cleaned up!" Doc shouted as he dragged Farrah back to the dancer's dressing room. "Everybody out of the shower!" Doc barked as he pulled Farrah into the large walk in shower room with him. The women trying to clean the night's 'fun' off their bodies quickly scattered. No one messed with Doc when he used that tone of voice. 

"Come on superstar. Clean yourself up. Make yourself all pretty for me." 

Farrah weakly staggered under the spray of warm water. Slowly in soaked into her dirty hair and ran over her face. She felt a squirt of sticky gel on her head and drew a quick breath, but then realized it was just Doc, squirting shampoo onto her hair. She massaged the shampoo in and as she tried to clean the semen from her hair, Doc began to slowly rub the bar of soap over her sweaty body. He started at her shoulders, and slowly worked down her back, the around front to clean her breasts and smooth belly. Doc pulled a headless hose from it's hoot on the wall and pointed it between Farrah's legs. The warm water soothed her hard worked pussy, and soon Doc used his fingers to open her cunt and clean her with the hose inside and out. As his hands continued to clean and caress her body, Farrah began to understand that her ordeal was not yet over.

Farrah turned to face Doc and try to reason with him. She put one hand on Doc muscular chest as she softy spoke. "Listen, thing got a little out of hand here tonight; but I don't blame you, and I'm not going to tell anyone about this. so if you'll just give me my clothes, I can..."

A quick slap of Doc's hand across her lovely face silenced Farrah. Tears began to form in her eyes again as she heard Doc's words. "You think you're leaving before I get my turn? You are a dumb little cunt aren't you." The biker stood almost a full foot taller than Farrah, and now, fully naked in the shower, she was able to see every hard muscle in his body. Including one she hadn't noticed before. Dangling between Doc's legs was his cock. It had to be at least 11" long and bigger around than Farrah's slim wrist. She had never seen such a monster cock in her life. Now she understood why Virginia had been screaming so loudly. Farrah could only imagine what a cock that size could do to a woman's body. Then suddenly she realized, that monster cock, was about to be forced into her.

Farrah fainted and slumped to the floor of the shower.

When she came to, Doc had picked her up and tossed her over his shoulder and carried her to his office. She woke up bent over the overstuffed arm of Doc's couch, with her feet on the ground and her face lying in Doc's lap. As she awoke, Doc stroked her head with one hand and said, "Well, it's about time you woke up." As Farrah opened her mouth to reply Doc stuffed his long fat cock in. His stroking hand quickly shifted to applying downward pressure on her head and soon Farrah was once again sucking a stranger&#8217;s cock in the Neptune Bar. 

She struggled to open her mouth wide enough to encompass the girth of the cock and began to choke and gag and Doc pushed the massive member down her throat. For a second the idea of using her teeth flashed across her mind, but with no telling how many more bikers just outside the door, Farrah decided fighting was just too dangerous. Slowly with practice, and skills learned on the Hollywood casting couch, Farrah began to loosen her throat and accommodate Doc's huge cock. Soon she was able to swallow the whole monster down her throat and hold it there for several seconds, till Doc gave her permission to back off again. Little by little she was learning to please, and soon was massaging Doc's balls with one hand, while the other hand stroked his cock, while her mouth and tongue gave close attention to his cock's bulging head. A plan was forming in her head. She had seen how long and hard he had been at it with Virginia. Certainly he couldn't have much more stamina left. She would suck him off, and while he recovered she would make a break for it. 

Putting her plan into action, she briefly removed Doc's shlong from her mouth, just long enough to beg him to cum in her mouth. "Oh God, please let me suck you off. I want you to cum in my mouth. I've always wanted to taste a biker's cum. I promise I'll swallow every sticky drop you give me, Please cum in my mouth." Quickly she returned to sucking on Doc's hard dick. She began to moan and hum as she sucked, knowing the vibrations would echo thru his cock and get him off that much faster.

"Ok slut. Suck me off! And you're going to swallow every drop of it. Show me how much you love it!" Doc yelled. Farrah's mouth and tongue went into overdrive. This was her only chance to avoid further abuse, She had to give this man the best blowjob she had ever given in her life, and then swallow the load of cum in order who get her chance at escape. 

Faster and faster, deeper and deeper she sucked and stroked. Unbelievably, she felt his cock growing, getting fatter and longer as she struggled to service him. Finally, when she thought she could take no more, Doc exploded inside her mouth. Wave after wave of cum spewed from his meat, she swallowed as fast as she could, but the cum just kept coming till she thought she might drown in the sheer volume of it. Finally, swallowing all she could taste, she decided to try gently pulling the big biker's dick from her mouth. 

"No no," Doc said, pulling her back down in his member, "There's still some more cum in there. You lick that cock clean and make sure you've sucked down every drop." 

Hoping to drain the last once of energy from him, Farrah returned to licking and sucking on the now softening cock. Each time she tried to back off Doc's ham sized hand pushed her back down on his dick. Soon, Farrah started to notice that Doc's cock was hardening... again. It seemed impossible to Farrah, after witnessing him rape poor little Virgina several times, and then satisfy himself again in Farrah's mouth, now this monster cock was getting hard yet again. Would this torture never end?

"You did a good job babe. You deserve a little reward." Slipping underneath her, Doc lay down on the long couch and then lifted Farrah up by her hips and lowered her back down on top of him, with her mouth once again hear his cock, and his mouth now resting between her legs. Immediately his long tongue speared into Farrah's pussy and began exploring. The sudden sensation caught Farrah off guard, as she gasped with a second's pleasure before catching herself.

Doc's hand once again pushed her hear down, and Farrah knew what he wanted. Opening her mouth she once again began to work the long fat cock into her mouth. Meanwhile, Doc's tongue and fingers went to work on Farrah in earnest. Pulling his tongue from her twat, he now targeted her clit for licking and teasing, while slowly working the large finger from one hand into her pussy, followed soon by a second finger from the same hand. Doc waited till Farrah was attempting to slide his cock deep down her throat again. As he felt her start to push, the large finger of his free hand roughly inserted itself into her unprepared anus. In the position she was, Farrah had no choice but to continue trying to deep throat the biker, while his fat long finger pushed fully into her ass. All the while his tongue and other had were still feverishly working on her pussy and clit. 

All the pressure, the force, all three of her tender holes being assaulted in coordination with the attack on her clit... it was just too much. Farrah felt it building up and couldn't stop herself. She struggled to hold on till Doc gave up, but the horny biker never relented, never gave up, till finally after 15 minutes of toying with her. Doc forced his cock deep into her throat, while forcing his fingers as deep as they would go in her pussy and ass, and finally placing his bare teeth on her erect clit and slowly biting down.

Farrah screamed her orgasm. She shivered, her body shook all over, and a scream rose up from deep down in her animal instincts that could be heard thru the cock gaging her mouth. Again and again she twitched and quivered. She had never felt an orgasm like this before. Stolen from her, taken from an unwilling body that refused to obey her, she was the one who now lay spent and exhausted.

But still, her ordeal was not over. 

Now Doc stood over her as she lay on her back on the couch. She was tired, gasping for breath. It had been almost four hours since she stumbled into the Neptune. Doc looked her body over like a hungry wolf. "Now, you're ready." Doc said.

"What do you me.." Farrah's question was cut off by Doc's tongue invading her mouth. Quickly he was on top of her, his big hands groping her breasts. Fondling them, massaging them. Farrah's eyes shot around the room looking for any hope, till she looked down the couch between Doc's legs and saw it. That Monster Cock. Back again, and the exhausted Movie star realized she had no way to fight it. 

Doc's mouth was clamped over her's, as his hands pulled her long legs into the air and over his shoulders. AS he mounted his full weight onto her body, his hands returned to groping her tits. She could feel the massive cock head sliding up and down her pussy lips. Pressing lightly, but not entering. No not yet. there was one more humiliation waiting for her. 
Doc took his mouth off Farrah's and gave her a command she had never expected to hear. "Beg me to fuck you Farrah. Beg for my cock inside your pussy. Beg me to rape you."

Farrah fell silent, not disobeying, just disbelieving the words said to her. She was Farrah Fawcett Majors. She was a model, a Movie Star , a TV Star, she was married to a famous man, She was a celebrity. And now, she was being raped, and being forced to beg for it. It was all too much. What else could he do to her.

"Do what I say woman, or I'll take that tight little asshole with this big cock you've been sucking."

That was it. The final threat. The one thing Farrah knew she could never bear. Even the thought of that huge member entering her ass made her wince in pain. Her pussy might survive the Monster Cock, but the pain of it being forced into her ass... Farrah knew it would kill her.

Later in life Farrah would be nominated for 4 Emmy's and 6 Golden Globes. But this night, she delivered her truly award winning performance. 

Softy, she pulled her lips close to Doc's and began kissing him as her hands began ran down his back and grabbed hold of his ass. 

"Oh Doc, Please... please fuck me. I need it sooo bad baby. I want that big cock of your's inside me. Please, I promise I'll be good. I'm so horny, honey. Please... rape me Daddy." Farrah closed her eyes and waited for the pain. She only waited a second, as Doc's thumbs and forefingers pinched down hard on her nipples. The pain was so intense, Farrah let out a scream so high pitch it almost couldn't be heard by human ears. Nothing, she thought, could hurt more. A second later she discovered she was wrong. Just as the pain of the twin pinch caused Farrah's Muscles to tighten, Doc shoved the entire length of his fat Monster cock into her pussy, forcing it wide open as he plunged in. The pain was like giving birth in reverse, and the thick muscle opened the star and TV and Movie screen wide and forced it's way deep inside. 

Farrah, already horse from her last scream, could barely breath as the big biker forced his full weight down and into her cunt behind his cock, driving it like a hammer drill drove a spike. For a few moments, Farrah lost control of the English language. Her ability to speak gone, all she do was grunt animalistic noises of pleasure and pain. She was sure she could feel her body being split in two by the huge dick that was thrusting inside her. The pounding of his cock, the feeling of his big balls slapping against her asshole, it was all too much. Farrah's eyes rolled back in her head and she let out a purring howl of delight as she orgasmed under Doc's assault on her body. 

Sweat from Doc's forehead dripping into Farrah's face as he pulled the woman off the couch on onto the floor on top of him. Laying on his back, Farrah was forced to straddle the big biker on her knees for several minutes while he sucked and fondled her tits. Next, Doc slid the sweaty star down his body, just enough to slip his still hard cock back into her wet pussy. Clamping his mouth over her's silenced any objects as Doc forced his way back inside her cunt and began a slow slide in and out of her ravaged pussy. 

Suddenly, without warning, Doc grabbed her tits and using they as handles forced Farrah to sit straight up on his cock. Her eyes sprang open wide as her own body weight forced the long tool deeper into her than ever. She grabbed frantically, trying to find something to get hold of and lift herself off this phone pole of a cock, but Doc grabbed her by her hips and pulled down while his cock thrust upward into heaven. There for several long minutes, Farrah danced like a puppet on a stick. Some of Doc's upward thrust were so forceful they lifted her knees off the floor, and she felt like a rocket had been launched inside her tender pussy, lifting her away.

When she could take no more, she collapsed back onto the muscular man. Her voice finally returned in short sobs, as she begged Doc let her rest. "Please baby, I'll do anything you want, you know I will. Just let me rest a little. Oh Daddy, that big cock of your's is wearing your little girl out." 

Doc just grinned an evil smile and forced Farrah upright on her knees again. Then reaching under her ass, he lifted the slim woman and turned her round on his cock into the reverse-cowgirl position. Farrah let out a weak squeal of objection. She hated reverse-cowgirl on a normal sized cock. On Doc's Monster the pain was incredible. 

Doc's roughly slapped her ass. "Move those hips woman. You're going to star doing some of the work this time." Farrah started to weakly bounce a little on the dick that threatened to split her in half. A second, much harder slap to her tender ass soon followed. "You can do better that that. Move those fuckin' hips slut. I saw you move on the stage. Rock those hips like your dancing." Reluctantly Farrah obeyed, and began rolling her hips in a slow circle, then switched to a rocking motion of her hips, before returning to the circle, only faster this time. Soon her hands found their way to her tits and began to massage they as she rode the big biker. Eyes half closed, she could feel the pleasure beginning to start again. She shook herself back to reality and opened her eyes, looking down on her erect nipples, gone diamond hard with pleasure. Her hands couldn't stop caressing her own soft tits. Again the wave of pleasure started as she leaned forward and placed her hands on Doc's thick muscular legs. The slight tilt forward allowed her to rise higher and slide Doc's long member further in and out of her pussy. The further she leaned forward, the more shaft travel in and out thru her tightly stretched pussy lips. Again language failed her, as she began to move faster and harder against Doc, shoving his cock deeper inside. Her head began to twist about on it's own, whipping her hair wildly as she rode his cock like the prize winning cowgirl at the rodeo. Just as she neared her peak, Doc sat up and grabbed her tits and pulled her back, almost bending her in half as her knees tried to flex far enough. Pulled onto her back, her hips continued to twist and thrust, pulling Doc's cock inside her. Not as deep as before, and Farrah wined and growled from the frustration of being denied her orgasm.

Doc lifted the limp rag doll of a woman off his body, then standing up grabbed her by her long hair and led her back to the end of the couch. Roughly he turned her to face the couch, and then forced her to bend over it's arm. grabbing her hips, he lined his granite hard cock up, and plunged into her pussy, producing Farrah's thousandth scream of the night. 
"That's it slut, fuck. You like it like this don't you bitch. Come bitch, fuck like a bitch in heat!" Doc slapped heer ass as he raped her pussy and verbally abused her. But rather than just lay there, Farrah began to respond to her rapist.

"Yes, that's it. RAPE ME! Fucking use me! I want that big biker cock inside me. Come on, fuck me! Shove that beautiful dick deep inside me. I want you to fuck me. I Love It when you fuck me!" Doc doubled the speed and strength of his thrusts, as Farrah's eyes once again rolled back into her head, and that delightful warm sensation began to flow up from deep inside her. The feeling of his balls bouncing off her clit was the ultimate thrill and sent Farrah spilling over the top again. Wave after wave of warm orgasm flowed thru her body, erasing all the pain, making her tremble. Finally, with the sound of her own heartbeat pounding in her ears Farrah's orgasm reached it's peak and she passed out from the pleasure.
When she awoke just a few minutes later, she was on her back on the couch, and Doc was mounting her once again. Grabbing her ankles he opened her legs wide in the air and began guiding his steel hard cock toward her well fucked pussy.
"No, oh please no. It's sore. You already fuck me so many times." Farrah quickly shifted into her best 'little girl' persona in hope of drawing pity from Doc. She tried to look pouty and young as she begged. "Please Daddy, don't fuck me again. My little pussy is sooo sore from your big cock. Please Daddy, let me suck it. I'll suck your bog hard cock really good daddy, and I'll swallow down all your cum." Doc just chuckled as he grinned. " No Daddy, please no. Don't rape me again Daddy . Please daddy, Please Daddy. Please Noooooooooo!"

Doc forced his way into Farrah as she kicked and screamed in objection. Begging was her only recourse now. Begging to stop him failed. Maybe begging him to be gentle would work better.

"Oh please be gentle with me. I'm so sore. I'll do anything you want, you just need to be gentle with me." The big biker thrust deeper into her. "Ow, that hurt, Please don't hurt me. I promise I'll do anything, I'll do anything you want." She began to cry as Doc released a fresh attack on her pussy. 

Then something happened. Farrah saw it. Doc's eyes glassed over, His thrusts began deeper and more urgent, His back began to arch and his penis seemed to extend even further into her. 

Then Farrah saw it, she saw Doc's eyes start to roll back.

"Oh God No! Oh Doc, please don't cum inside me. Please. I'm a married woman. I can't have your baby. Please Doc, you'll get me pregnant! PLEASE!!!" Farrah shrieked her disapproval as Doc finally exploded inside her pussy. Load after load coated the inside of her fertile womb, hosing down her cunt with Doc's sticky baby batter. 

Long agonizing minutes came and went as Doc finally finished inside her heaving body. 

Pulling his long limp cock from inside her, Doc ordered Farrah onto her knees to clean it with her tongue one last time. This time he was truly spent, and even the oral attentions of a TV star didn't revive him. 

Slugging down a nearby beer, Doc reached over and tossed Farrah her top and shorts. "Get dressed. Customer kept you panties as a souvenier, so you'll have to go commando." Grabbing the half dressed star by the arm he pulled her down the hallway past the bookkeeper's office, where three men were still counting the take from the tip bowl.

"Good night tonight Boss. Lots of good tippers." Farrah tried to avoid there stares. "Couple of the girls still got customers in the back."

"I'll check on 'em. I've got to show our 'feature dancer' out anyway." Doc said as he continued to pull Farrah down the hallway. 

In one room he saw a dancer named Kim still being fucked by one of the regulars. When she saw Doc in the doorway, the woman reached out to him and looked imploringly with her eyes for help. Doc smiled and called out to the customer, "Hey Steve, one more hour and we gotta close buddy. Have fun." Kim's eyes widen in fear and anger, as Steve cheered and started fucking the tired dancer even harder. 

Further down the hall, they came to the room black waitress Candy had been forced into with the old fat white man, a bar regular called the Colonel. "Hey Colonel, I understand you broke chocolate Candy in for us. Thanks man." The old gentle man leaned in close to Doc and whispered in his ear. Doc stood and thought for a moment. "Well, it's not my normal line of business, but if your sure?" The Colonel nodded his head and handed Doc an envelope stuffed full of money. "Ok Colonel, you bring you car round to the loading dock, I'll have a couple of the boys tied her up and load her in the car for you."

In the corner of the room, Farrah could see the tall black woman laying on a bed. "Tie me up? What are you talking about. Hey, Someone help me! HELP ME!! You, lady, help me, don't let them do this. HELP ME!!!"

Doc yanked Farrah along down the hall. "What's going to happened to her?" she asked weakly.

"The Colonel bought her. She's going to go live with him. She don't have any family, and the Colonel's a pretty good ole' boy. He'll take good care of her, as long as she obeys. Hell, she'll probably have a better life as his slave than if she had to work for a living. It's probably all for the best."

As they reached the door at the end of the hall Farrah began to cry again. "What are you going to do to me?" 
Doc smiled reached into his shirt pocket and handed Farrah a few Polaroid pictures. "We took these tonight baby."
Farrah looked the six photos over. The first showed her fully clothed on the stage. In the second she was stripped down to her panties and in the third she was completed nude. The three that followed were 'action shots. A good clear photo of Farrah's face with a dick in her mouth. Farrah bent over the bar stool being fucked doggie style. and finally, Farrah, flat on her back, legs above her head, and a familiar Monster Cock sliding into her pussy.

"You can keep those. We've got dozens more, and some 8mm movies as well." Doc smiled that evil grin again. "You see, if you tell anyone about anything that happened here tonight, we'll release copies of those pictures and movies all over the country. No studio will touch you. You'll never work again. Every time you walk down the street, you'll have to wonder if that little boy is staring at you because he saw the pictures."

"But what about that black girl?"

"Candy? I told you. She's been sold. Unless you want to be sold as well, you'll shut up." Doc opened the door, The light of sawn was almost blinding and Farrah squinted to see. "One more thing before you go."

Farrah stood in the doorway to the alley, so close to freedom she could taste it. 

Doc reach out and lifted her top off and bared her tits. Farrah stood motionless, stunned. "Once more, for old times sake, you see we really did go to King High together. Get on your knees slut."

Silently, a topless Farrah sank to her knees in the doorway of a dirty back alley in lower downtown Corus Christi, Texas. Quietly she opened Doc's jeans and pulled out his cock, and began to suck.


==

The Neptune was torn down a few years later, and rumors swirled around about a box of films and photos, but no one has seen them. Farrah died in '09. Doc still cruising the highway on his Hog. Virginia runs a locally titty bar and still occasionally dances. Penwah moved to South America. Jessica and Kim danced till the mid 90's when Corpus finally got tamed a bit. Patty still a waitress, and Candy. Well, I hear the Colonel is still live and kicking, and reportedly having a hell of a good time at home on his ranch.














Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Shotgunjohn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





