BDSM Library - Detective Slave




Detective Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A police detective has arrested and seen convicted a notorious drug dealer, who happened to be the live-in slave of a night club singer. The detective becomes her new slaveboy.






Here I am, in Mistress's dungeon, collared, pantied, plugged and denied access to my own manhood. At least the bottom of the cage was padded, which gave me a decent night's sleep, although it was difficult stretching out my 6foot 2inch frame. 
 Thinking over the events of last twenty-four hours, my whole life was changing. This four-feet by four-feet steel cage would be my new home. But then again, I have been turned into the slave of a woman who I had lusted for, and it was obvious She had wanted me as well. The spanking, whipping and butt-fucking of yesterday were indications of what my future would be like. Being led around on a leash and forced to wear demeaning attire, would be things I need to get used to
Somehow I had to balance this with my job as a police detective.
Right at this moment I had to take a piss. Mistress had informed me that even with a chain attached to my collar,&nbsp; I could still reach the bathroom. It was kind of Her to leave the bathroom&nbsp; light on,&nbsp; so I could negotiate the walk without stumbling in the dark basement. 
After relieving myself, I crawled back into my new living quarters, only to hear heavy footsteps on the wooden stairs. Without looking I knew it was Frank. The pure size and strength of the man made me regard him with honor,&nbsp; making me feel like a mere puppet in his hands.
Tensing a bit when I heard the wire door open, I remained still. His deep voice cut through the darkness. "Out slave!" He didn't bother with a leash, as he yanked me out of the cage by my hair. Cringing and yelping, I had no choice but to follow him on my hands and knees across the mostly dark room. He had flipped&nbsp; on an overhead light on his way down.
He sat his massive frame in a metal chair, with me on my knees in front of him. When he removed his loin cloth I recalled having this massive dick in my mouth yesterday. Being jackknifed over the fucking bench, I hadn't really gotten a good look at it. All along I feared this moment would come, being alone with this giant. Before this enslavement, I had no experience with a man, ever. Oh, there were times when some of my fellow officers would invite me to suck their cocks. Those proposals were given in jest, and I purposely avoided gay bars while off duty.
Nerves crawled up my back, when the head of his dick touched my closed mouth. Showing some defiance, I knew I could be playing with fire, but I was determined not to be so easy. His mere strength won out. I felt his thumb and middle finger press hard against the side of both jaws. His smooth head glided in.
"Lick it slave!"
My tongue licked around the head, and I heard him moan loudly. To my consternation, my own penis hardened under the constraint of the chastity.&nbsp; With little effort he guided his torpedo into my salivating cavity. At the point when the head touched the back of my throat, I thought I'd choke. To my relief Frank withdrew the encumbrance, so that just the tip was touching my puckered lips. "Lick down the shaft slave!"
 Licking another man's dick was indeed a strange experience, but I had to admit it was exciting, as demonstrated by my own hard cock. When I had reached his balls, I felt powerful hands grab my hair, holding me tight. "Lick my balls slave!" I could hear his loud moans, as i cringed from the pull of my hair. "Takem in your mouth slave"! His moans grew louder, as I felt like the proverbial puppet. Having another man's balls in my mouth was somewhat like sucking on a hard peace of candy.
I could feel his cock bobbing against my nose, and the palpitation foretold his impending eruption. Lifting my head up, he forcefully shoved my mouth onto his massive manhood. Once again he pushed in to the back of my throat. I gagged. He withdrew again, then slammed it home.&nbsp; Wincing from the pull of my hair, I felt like a ragdoll, as he began fucking my mouth repeatedly. In and out, in and out, over and over my mouth was raped. 
Through this ordeal I thought I detected foot movement on the steps. Apparently my Mistress was watching my unmerciful degradation.
 Knowing I'd have to swallow fast to keep from choking, I was as ready as i was going to be. Feeling his huge cock pulsing just before a torrent of jism shot into my oral cavity, I felt helpless as the big man repeatedly fucked my mouth until every drop was gone.
"Get used to it slave!" Mistress Black Canary mocked. "His cock may be in your ass tomorrow!" My jaws ached and the salty after-taste lingered, as my brain processed what the lady was asserting. 
My ears then picked up padded footsteps, and I sensed my Mistress approaching my lowly position on the tile floor. Knowing to keep my eyes down, I could see the painted toenails as She approached the chair that Frank had just vacated. Even in this position, I could see that Her legs were bare as well. I dared not look any higher.
That's when I felt the fingers of one hand fondling the follicles of my hair, which sent an immediate reponse to my loins. A firm grip pulled my head up. Even in the morning, this lady was a sight to behold. Mistress Black Canary was wearing a light blue nightie, which showed off her magnificent mammaries, and came to a halt just above her crotch. From my vantage point I could see plainly, that she wasn't wearing any panties and that her pussy was shaved. How many men would give their eye teeth to be where I am presently, looking at the shaved pussy of the most gorgeous woman I'd ever laid eyes on. My cock again felt the frustration of being caged.
The order came swiftly. "Lick my&nbsp; toes slave!" Lowering my head, I began with the big toe of her right foot, then moved slowly onto each drawing pleasureable sighs from her. Repeating the process on the left foot, I felt the satisfaction of pleasing my mistress.
"Lick my leg slave!"
That order didn't need to be given twice. Starting with the inside of her left foot, I slowly licked my way up her calf, the inside of the knee, the softer thigh, getting closer and closer to her precious juncture.
"Stop slave! Go back down and lick the other one!"
Of course I obeyed willingly. My cock was in a rage in its cage, as I traced the identical path up the corresponding leg. Arriving at that critical juncture again, I felt the pull of my hair, forcing my face upward to meet hers. Her eyes were blazing. 
"Don't you dare lick my pussy without permission slave! That would get you severely punished!"
I gulped. "Yes Mistress."
Then she got a smug look on her face. While keeping her now smiling eyes affixed to mine, she pulled a string in the front of her nighty. Her magnificent chest with the orange-shaped orbs bounced into view. The longish nipples beckoned to be licked and sucked. Remaining still, I waited for an order. Then moving her hands to the back of my head, she pulled my face directly between her tits, with the pair pressing on either side of my nose. Struggling to breathe, at that point I didn't care if She smothered me to death. There are worse ways to die. Then my mistress pushed my face slowly downward. Knowing where my final destination would be, I licked gleefully. Over her stomach and pelvis to her creamy inner thighs, I licked. Then I felt urgent hands push the back of my head, as She jammed my face into her crotch.
Licking and slurping, I was completely under Mistress Black Canary's control, and I loved it. Concentrating on the pussy lips and clit, I could hear the pleasurable sighs echoing around the room. At that point I didn't care about anything else. Grinding her soaked crotch into my mouth, mistress let out a boisterous cry as her orgasm shook her whole body, and I smiled to myself. With my face still buried in her crotch, I could hear her heavy breathing as the wonderful aftermath consumed her. Pussy juice and cum were smeared on my face.
Time stood still.
Then pushing my head back after what seemed like ten minutes, She spoke. "You can expect either Frank or me to free you from your cage every morning."
"Yes Mistress."
"You will orally satisfy us!"
"Yes Mistress."
"Unless I am on my period, in which case, I will put on my strap-on."
"Yes Mistress."
"Which is why I am requiring you to wear a butt-plug, so you will be wide enough to take an ass-fucking whenever we want."
"Yes Mistress."
"You notice I said we."
"Yes Mistress."
"You already know what I mean!"
"Yes Mistress."
"But for now slave, you may come upstairs and take a shower and get cleaned up before breakfast. Like last night, you have exactly twenty minutes to be ready. After breakfast Frank will accompany you to your apartment, so you can bring your clean clothes over here."

"Yes Mistress."
"Don't forget to reinsert the butt-plug, after your shower. You may leave the panties off, since they probably need laundering. We're returning to Amy's later so you can buy more." A snicker followed when she saw my face redden.
"Yes Mistress."
Punctually, after my bathroom time, I was led naked except for the plug, by my leash into the kitchen, where I was allowed to stand. In a stern voice, my mistress, who was now clad in jeans and a pullover black and red Prince blouse, ordered me to watch as she fried up some bacon and scrambled eggs. She said that from now on, I was to prepare the breakfast daily, and I was to fry it exactly the way she showed. The bacon was to be crisp, not burned, and the eggs were not to be runny or brown.
I was actually allowed to sit at the dining room table while eating my breakfast.&nbsp; Additionally, Mistress Black Canary informed me that I should eat heartily, because I would need my strength for tonight.&nbsp; After breakfast I was ordered to wash the dishes and dry them. I better do a good job or I'd be severely punished.
That chore accomplished, I was allowed to get dressed in regular clothes, led on my hands and knees, pantiless but plugged, by Frank out to the garage. He opened the back door and ordered me inside. He hogtied me on top of the back seat, blindfolded and gagged me. Riding along like a parcel about to be delivered, I remembered Mistress Black Canary telling me that Frank would take me back to my apartment to help me take some clothes back to my new residence. Mistress knew my address, and there was GPS in the car. It took about a half hour to gather all my clothes and put then into suit cases. "Come on boy!" Frank ordered whenever he thought I was slacking. Once loaded, I was then hogtied, gagged and blindfolded on the return trip to the house. 
Mistress ordered me to suck Frank's cock again as payment.
After putting away all my clothes in the guest room, Mistress said we'd be going to the lingerie shop again. Carole was thrilled to see Black Canary again and the two ladies shared a hug. I had to stand there with my hands cuffed behind me while gagged. I could hear some snickers in the store.
"Does your slaveboy need more panties?" Carole with a gleam in her eye. 
"Indeed he does," Mistress answered with a sarcastic guffaw.
Carole looked down at my crotch. "Size thirty-six if I recall correctly."
"Right."
"Red again?"
"Hmmm we might try some other colors today. Maybe pink, light blue and purple."
Leading us to the panty section, the saleslady pointed out all the different colors. Black Canary took down a purple pair and held them up to my waist.&nbsp; "Aw he'd look fabulous in those!" gushed Carole. After repeating that process with some pink and light blue ones, I heard another voice. 
"I think he should model them."
Carole and Black Canary both looked to their right. Carole spoke up. "Amy I think you are right." It was the store owner, who had made that taunting remark.
I felt totally helpless when my mistress unbuckled my jeans, unbuttoned me, dragged my zipper down and yanked my pants to my knees. I'm sure my face was as red as my foregone panties, since the ladies could now see the butt-plug protruding from my ass.
"Step out of them!" My mistress ordered as my jeans were pushed down to my shoed feet. 
"Oh look at that dick!" I heard one say. "BC your a lucky lady."
"Yeah, I'd be riding that monster every night," another said.
"And he's plugged!" another chimed in.
"Anybody want a feel?" My mistress invited with a laugh. Immediately I felt soft hands manipulating my cock and balls, while the plug was pushed in and out of my ass. As a police detective I knew I could be arrested for public nudity. The giggling ladies were having too much fun at my expense. Amy got another sales person to look out for any cops.
Mistress Black Canary held out the purple panties and ordered me to put them on, and walk around so they could judge how I looked in them. Whistles and shouts of encouragement followed as I sashayed up and down the aisle. Disconcerted, I wanted this female fantasy to end soon. After I had modeled each color, I was again made to pay for six pair of panties. "Now I had a pair for each day of the week," Mistress taunted with a sarcastic laugh.
After that humiliating experience, i was once again hogtied in the back seat as we headed back to Mistress Black Canary's palatial home. As soon as Frank parked in the garage, i was ordered to get out, strip naked and put on the purple panties. Mistress led me into the house in the usual manner.
For the rest of that day, they left me alone. "Get plenty of rest," She said. "You will need it."
"Yes Mistress.









Lying on my side in the cage, i heard light foosteps on the wooden stairs. The wire door was opened, and I felt the leash being attached to the ring in my leather collar.
"Out slave!" Mistress Black Canary commanded.
While on my hands and knees, i was forced like a puppy dog to follow Her. The dark-skinned lady led me to where i'd shot my load onto the tile floor. Pushing my head toward the pool of cum, she ordered me to "Lap it up slave!" The salty taste stuck on my tongue until the floor was dry. "Swallow it slave!" It sure didn't taste like beer.
After that, Mistress led me over to where She sat on a chair. She laughed uproariously. "I told you Dano, that you'd be naked and on your knees in front of me!"
My reddened face was all the satisfaction She needed.&nbsp; Submissively&nbsp; i looked up at her, as i licked the cum from the corners of my mouth.
Slap!..."Keep your eyes down slave!"&nbsp; My faced burned. "Don't look me in the face unless I order you!"
"Yes Mistress," i whispered.
Slap!..."I can't hear you slave!"
"Yes Mistress!"
"Now, let me explain a few things to you." Keeping my eyes down, i remained silent.
 "I am a professional night club singer. That's how I got the name, 'Black Canary'. I have sung in clubs in Chicago, New Orleans and Miami. My dream gig is Vegas. My agent is working on that." Having seen ads about her when she'd appear in local shows, i knew what she said was spot on, although i'd never heard her sing.
"Now, about Frank, he is my paid body guard. He comes with me everywhere. One asshole in New Orleans jumped on stage and tried to grab my butt. Frank was on him in a flash and security ejected him in quick fashion. He is also my assistant, as you have discovered first hand." 
A sarcastic laugh ensued. "I love it when he manhandles you slave!" The vixen enjoyed humiliating me.
"And slave!....You will address Frank as 'Sir'. Do you understand?"
Keeping my eyes down i answered quickly, "Yes Mistress."
"Now about my close friends, Red Bird, Grey Squirrel and Yellow&nbsp; Swallow." I hadn't met the last lady She mentioned. Reading my mind, Mistress explained. "Yellow Swallow is a petite Korean, who loves to swallow cum. Hence her name. I raised my eyebrows. "She's bi and a switch. She's comfortable with men or women, and she can take a whipping as well as give one."
Hearing this, one of my favorite fantasies is brought mind: to be totally dominated by a group of women. 
Mistress informed me the reason all of their names are bird related. It was just a natural progession that began with her own nickname.
"Now!" She said as She pulled the leash up tight. "Let's set a few rules for you slave! You will sleep here, which means you need to move out of your apartment, and put your funiture in storage. You may sell it all off eventually. Occasionally, if you've been a good slave, I may allow you to sleep on the floor beside my bed."
"Yes Mistress."
"Most of the time around the house you will be clothed in only those red panties. I will take you back to Amy's so you can buy more." She laughed out loud." I am sure Carole would love to see you again."
My face reddened. "Yes Mistress."
"Now," She said in a happier tone of voice, "to celebrate your new status as My live-in slaveboy, we should go out to a restaurant for dinner." Since that was a declaration and not a question, i kept silent. "Would you like that slave?"
My ears heard a question. "Ah, yes Mistress!" Then i felt her hands run through my black hair and lift my face upward. Her gleaming brown eyes penetated my own. 
"Very well then. You may come upstairs, shower, and we'll give you your clothes to wear."
"Yes Mistress," i said in a gleeful tone.
Promptly, she led me up the stairs by the leash with me on all fours. ( i was told that i'd be led in this fashion anywhere in the house)&nbsp; i had exactly twenty minutes to shower, use the bathroom and be in the living room ready to go. i wouldn't like the consequences if i was late!
Accomplishing that order, Mistress, who was dressed in an off-white gossamer button down blouse and cherry-colored tight-clinging slacks that showed off her well-rounded derriere magnificently, ordered me to bend over so that my forehead was touching the floor, and my butt was pointing toward the ceiling. In short order i felt my butt-cheeks parting. A hard, rounded object was being forced into my anus. Grunting , my ass was soon filled with the ten inch plug. Then ordering me back up, She threw me the same red panties i'd worn earlier. "Put'em on!" They once again felt tight around my genitels, but what really made me uncomfortable was the intruding butt-plug under the frilly undies.
"Ah don't you look cute slave," she mocked as she snapped the waistband of the panties. "But I have something else for you!"
 She walked over to the upholstered sofa, and picked up a plaid garment that was resting on one of the arms.&nbsp; She brought it to where i was standing and held it up to my waist. "Ah yes," she exclaimed. "I want to have access to cock and balls at all times."
My eyes widened... A kilt!?
 She ordered me to put it on, and stop stalling. Totally embarrassed, i was wondering why i had agreed to all this. Once in place, I was ordered to stand in the middle of the room and model it for us. My tall, lean body must've looked silly with a kilt on. Black Canary and Frank both whistled as I twirled around at Her behest.
Then she told me to put on a buttoned down white shirt with ruffles in front which showed off my chest hair. Frank whistled. "Your slave-slut is looking deliciously inviting. I have a supreme urge to throw him on the floor and fuck him!"
Black Canary laughed out loud. "Down Frank. He can be our dessert later."
Sounded ominous, I thought.
I was then led by my leash out to their four-door Lincoln. Frank opened the back door on the passenger side, where the lady entered. i was ordered to sit next to her. Frank drove. We hadn't driven two blocks before Mistress bound my hands behind me, and lifted the hem of the kilt so she could fondle my cock that was pressing out the velvety smooth material. 
"I love playing with cocks," she cooed with a snicker. "They are so fascinating." I sighed audibly as she then fondled my balls. "And these little guys here, I just love rolling them in my fingers,"she gleamed as she gave them a little squeeze., making me wince. It felt strange when we were whizzing down the highway, while this sexy dark-skinned lady was having fun with my package. 
Once Frank parked, Black Canary removed her hand from under my kilt and freed my hands. We exited the vehicle.&nbsp; The big man, who was dressed in a light blue pullover shirt and dark trousers acted as the valet. He opened the right passenger door allowing me and the lady to slide out. We were led to a booth by a polite young woman, who stopped and handed us each a menu. Black Canary gestured for me to be seated close to the wall as she slid in beside me. Frank's massive frame nearly took up the entire length of the opposing side.
It was really a pleasant conversation. We talked about football, politics, entertainers and food. Drinks, appetisers and entree were served efficiently by a polite young man who looked to be college age. 
The lady took advantage of the fact that i was wearing that kilt, running her hand under the plaid material to fondle my goods. Being trapped in this seat left me a sitting duck to my Mistress's advances. The butt-plug wedged itself deeper in my ass as we ate and talked.
"Don't you dare cum, slave," She whispered in a menacing voice as she gripped my balls. "That means no precum!" She admonished with a slight squeeze.
Finishing up our meal with bowls of vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup, i was told that slaves always pay, when the waiter delivered our check.
Riding back to Black Canary's residence, it was a repeat of the ride to the restaurant, with Mistress fondling my cock and balls under the kilt.
 Once Frank had parked the Lincoln in the garage, i was ordered to strip my panties. The plug was left in. Hooking a leash to the collar that was quickly placed around my neck, i was led like a puppy-dog into the house. 
Down the basement steps we went as Mistress held the leash. "Lie on your back slave!" Obeying, i was trussed by my wrists and ankles to the same board that Frank had slung me down on earlier. Hearing Mistree's high heels click across the tile floor, i heard Her open a drawer. Curiosity got the better of me, and i tried to see what She was getting. Knowing i was watching, She held the object away from view until She stood over me. 
"This is a chastity belt slave! Since cumming without permission will get you brutally punished, I have taken this step to keep you out of trouble. You really should thank me!" She said with penetrating eyes. Silently, i looked up at Her as my eyes widened.
Slap! My face burned. 
"What do you say, slave!?"
"Thank You Mistress."
Slap! "Thank Me for what slave!?"
"Thank You for my chastity belt, Mistress!"
"That's better." 
Freeing my ankles so She could remove my panties, She recuffed me quickly. She then held my cock and fit the chastity device to it so that no ejaculation was possible.
Laughing uproarously, Mistress taunted me. "The big bad police detective is now controlled by his dick! You will keep this on permanently unless i free your little man. I will unlock it if you are a good boy. If you are really a good boy I might let you cum. Your dick belongs to me!"
"Yes Mistress."
"And by the way, the butt-plug stays in until i remove it!"
"Yes Mistress."
"Now slave, when you come home from work each day, you will strip to your panties immediately upon entering!"
"Yes Mistress."
"That is the only garment you allowed to wear in the house unless I say otherwise."
"Yes Mistress."
"As far as the plug, if you need to take a crap, you will replace it afterward. Clear!?"
"Yes Mistress."
"Even at work!"
"Yes Mistress."
"Very well then," She said as She uncuffed my wrists and ankles. "Hands and knees!"
Obeying instantly, i was led to my cage and ordered inside. Mistress attached a longer leash to my chastity device. "This chain is long enough for you to reach the bathroom if you need to use the toilet. You should be able to piss even with the device on."
"Yes Mistress."
"Have a good night slave. Frank will be down in the morning to get you." The room went dark as She ambled up the stairs.
"Yes Mistress."



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slaveboy 6


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





