BDSM Library - Down the rabbitt hole! 




Down the rabbitt hole! 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   me and my wife let loose our fantasies and watch each other fuck complete strangers for the frist time at a local swinggers club. as i we watch each other fuck and suck our way through the night of our dreams. a little short at frist, more chapters to come






﻿Her warm breath hangs delicately in the cold night air. As the words from his letter were swirling around in her mind."Tonight my Queen, we shall watch each other indulge in our darkest fantasies. At seven o'clock you are to keep yourself at the brink of an orgasm for twenty minutes without cumming. Be dressed to impress, i'll be there at&nbsp; seven twenty sharp. Don't be late...or else." 

A smile crept across her face, As she wonders if she can truly let her wildest desires take over. Slow tingling waves wash over her clit, she could feel the heat of her burning desire moisten her inner thighs. As she see’s headlights approaching,...her heart starts to race.

 As the cab pulls close to the building, he feels his phone vibrate in his pocket. Reaching for it , he looks down at the screen. He see’s her text..”My pussy is dripping at the idea of being fucked deep and hard and&nbsp; I can't wait to see how far this will go Big Daddy!”

 Such a nasty slut! he thinks to himself with a twisted smirk.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As the car door swings open, the soft&nbsp; neon glow of the street lights. Seem to dance across the shimmering silver thread&nbsp; on her dress. With a warm seductive smile on her face, she settles into the backseat. As the light aromatic scent of his cologne enchanted her senses. She knew then tonight would be like nothing she could dream of. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His eyes trace every inch, every curve of her body, soaking in all that she has to offer. As the night lights of the city, began to whiz past in a blurring flash on the dirty windows of the dark cab.&nbsp; The intoxicating scent of her perfume hangs gently in the air. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The soft warmth of her hand as it clutches his, sends goosebumps up his arms. The sound of his beating heart seems to almost drown out the electric voices of the streets. He turns to say something,....but in that moment; the words simply escaped his thoughts. He&nbsp; was transfixed on her. Lost in her presence it was,....it was as if the cities lights made her sparkle with a soft entrancing glow, that whispered softly to the beast within him.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; “My love…” he whispers softly. A silent animalistic passion dances between them as their gazes lock with carnal lust. A sexy smile slides across her dark red lips, as the shadows dance across her face as she turns. “Yes my king?” she purrs softly as her fingers gently dance along the top of his hand. “Just know, tonight”he says, pausing as he leans close to her ear. Sliding his hand slowly up her thigh. Tickling her slightly as he starts running his fingers over her clit . " Tonight we will let our darkest lusts take hold”, he pauses as he slides two fingers deep in her fat pussy and slowly rubs her g-spot, “and let our fantasies perform for each other!" he whispers.

She squeezes his hand, she felt so wet and nervous. It was almost overwhelming for her as she turned biting her lower lip and wink seductively. “Hmmm yes my king!” she purrs softly.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The cab slows as we approach the plain brick building, stepping out into the darkness of the cities streets, the cool inviting night air bites cruelly at their cheeks. His hard cock straining against his jeans as he grabs her hand twirling her&nbsp; around and pulling her close to him. Thier eyes inches from each other. She could feel his passionate desire drip from the depth of his eyes and onto her very soul. Her hand slides up his leg, tracing the stiff outline of his hard cock , he moans softly. She leans in and whispers in his ear. “Soon my king, soon…. if you're lucky” she says with a devilish smile chuckling softly.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The heavy wooden doors swing open and the sights and sounds of the club take over every sense. Handing our jackets to the coat check.

 He walks towards the bar to order drinks for the both of them. Slowly she walks around the club tempting the enticing glances of the room. Her eyes search the room looking for a great seat to watch and enjoy this evenings events.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Returning with the drinks, he finds her&nbsp; sitting in the back corner on a soft black leather bench. The scent of sex and a crackling fire warmly dance with the smoky air. Stepping closer, he see’s her eyes locked on a young dark haired women. Her eyes slowly undressing her one long slow sip at a time. He sets the drink down right in front of her.

He leans in and and lifts her head till their eyes meet. “Open your mouth like a good girl” he growls. A wave of excitement crashes threw her body as goose bumps dance across her soft flesh. Eagerly she opens her mouth, as he places a pill on her tongue, “Now let go and show me your fantasy!”. He takes one as he starts to kiss her neck. His fingers trace her hard nipples. Pinching one, as he bites her neck. She moans softly as her eyes take in the seductive eyes hiding behind the glasses of the young women in a tight blue dress. 

Spreading her legs show the young women can she her fat wet pussy. As she starts to gently rub her clit. “Then let me show you big daddy!”&nbsp; she says smoothly, glancing devilish smile at him as he sits back. 

He watches their eyes meet, she seemed to float across to the other woman. running her fingers gently through her hair. A twisted smirk crosses her face as she pulls her head to the side. Kissing her passionately as their tongues twisted together in bliss. Pulling away she looks into her dark brown eyes, “ hi” she says softly “my names…. she pauses, “my names gina”. Licking her lips the other women sexually purrs “hi there! the names hope”. Taking hopes hand gina slides it up to her wet snatch, “well hope, you see i’m just dying to taste you” she purred into her ear. Pushing two fingers deep into her wet hole as gina slides her tongue down the side of her neck. A soft moan slips past her red lips, she grabs hopes head “ i need to feel your tongue, eat this pussy like the nasty freak you are!” . Provocatively licking her lips,hope’s eyes seemed to burn with desire as she kept them locked with gina’s. As she pushed her back and spread her legs, tenderly kissing her way up her thigh. she flicks her tongue over her clit as gina holds her head in place.Grinding her pussy into her face, her juices slowly dripping off of hopes chin. Biting her lip she moans” Mmmmm suck that clit, oh god yes! eat that fucking pussy” .She looks down into hope’s eager eyes as she feasts on gina’s fat pussy. Her tongue flicking over her throbbing clit sending waves of pleasure, exploding in her pulsating clit like fireworks. As her fingers slammed her wet hole over and over, slowly working in a third and then a fourth. Gina was excited with such nasty pleasure as her hole was slowly being stretched&nbsp; bringing her to the brink of an orgasm. 

He walks over to with a dark fire burning in his eye, he leans in and wraps his hand around thorat. Squeezing tightly gina’s eyes roll in the back of her head, as a rush of euphoric sensations crash of her body. Breathing deeply and slowly, “ i thought,” he pauses for a moment 

allowing her to try and focus on his voice. “I thought you were going to show me….your fantasies” he growls into her ear. Gasping for breath, her eyes widen and ignite with desire as a wicked smile sweeps across her red lips.She grabs hope by the back of her head pulling her lips to her’s. Gina slowly licks her sweet juices off of hope’s face, moaning softly as she does it. She starts to slide her hand down her neck over her soft pale skin, her fingers slowly tracing hope’s hard nipples pinching each one sweetly. Before she seductively undid her dress letting it fall to the floor. Hope’s round perky tits sat elegantly on her curvy frame, her soft white skin was spotted with freckles and tattoos each one seemed to be left as some sort of tempting game of lick me here, kiss me there! 

A sparkling clit ring flickered in the light just below her neatly trimmed bush, her swollen clit was vibrating with an aching desire to explode. As her juices shimmered on her soft pink lips.Gina pushes her back and lifts her legs in the air, gradually kissing her way up her inner thighs till her tongue circles around her clit ring. Slowly her tongue dances over hopes swollen clit. Sending spiraling waves of pleasure through each nerve, “ ohhhhh fuucccckkkk sssshhhhhhhhh” she moans through clenched teeth as she holds gina’s head still as she grinds her aching lips on her tongue. Gina shoves her fingers into hope’s sloppy wet snatch, pushing them as deep as she can as she curls them back smashing into her swollen g-spot. As her legs shake, her juices explode all over gina’s face. She starting screaming in ecstasy as gina keeps sucking on her swollen clit. Orgasm after orgasm explode from her g-spot and clit with waves after wave of unrelenting pleasure Gina laps at her dripping wet hole, licking and sucking every inch of her pulsing pussy lips. Juices dripping from her lips, she reaches down and start to lick hopes asshole. her tongue darting over it, each flick of her tongue makes her body arch in pleasure.&nbsp; Hope starts rubbing her clit to the rhythm of gina's tongue. “mmmmm oh god don’t stop you nasty fucking slut. Eat my ass, lick all my pussy juice up! ohhhh gooooodddd yesss that’ssss itttt!!” she moans wildly. Gina could feel her juices dripping down her thighs, “oh god ‘i’m this chick is making we so fucking wet” she thought, as she heard hope start to pant.”Oh god i’m cumming!” she screamed, gina dove into her pussy licking with such passion&nbsp; as hopes legs wrapped around her head. Her pussy erupted in a massive orgasm, squirting all in gina’s mouth floods of juices poured off of her red lips. Dripping down her chin, each drop finding a new home as they slowly fell onto her chest, running down her smooth skin each tracing a different curve on her delicious body. Her voice cracks as she trembles from the orgasms,” now it’s your turn!”.

As hope slowly climbs on top of her she starts to kiss her way down to gina’s soaked pussy. As hope’s tongue teasing slides over each swollen lip of her fat drenched pussy. She throws her head back in pleasure and she catches a glance of him. Sitting there, the shadows seemed to float just above him.As the slow drifting trail of smoke from his ciggerate swrilling in the air, as the glowing embers seemed dim in the darkness compared to his eyes.They seemed to glow with a passionate rage, she could feel him staring into the depth of her very being. His eyes catch her’s and a twisted smirk creeps across his bearded face. And at that moment she knew it was the beast that was awoken and her king was relishing in the show. All she could hear is his slow breathing as hope sucked on her clit as she finger fucked her deep and hard. Her juices trickling over her fingers. 

She could feel waves building as their eyes were locked, her nerves seemed to be electrified pulsing with bliss. She holds hope head as she tongue fucks her dripping wet hole, “mmmmmm don’t stop you nasty fucking slut” she purrs as she pinches her nipples, pulling them as far as they will go. She starts panting and bucking her hips as she squirts all over hope’s face. Flooding her mouth with cum, hope bites down on her clit. Sending shockwaves of pleasure and pain rushing through every inch of her body. As she shook from the orgasms that never seemed to stop erupting from her pussy. Hopes tongue and fingers seemed to work magic as they slide in and out of both of her wet aching holes. As her tongue viciously beat that asshole and pussy. Gina’s eyes roll in the back of her head as she stutters as she screams” ooohhhhhhh ffffffuuuuccc hmmmmmmmmm ooooohhhhh goooggggooooooooodddddd!!!!” . Holding hope’s head in place forcefully with both hands as her clit detonated with a thundering orgasm. Causing her to squirt over and over again as her pussy juice dripped out of her spasming wet hole. 

With massacre streaks running down her cheeks, hope looks up at gina with a tempting smile.” Is that what you meant?”she says with a smirk, “hmmm mmmm” gina moans biting her lip her eyes still locked on his eyes that seemed to&nbsp; shimmer with lust, she felt their souls twist together bringing them closer than ever before.

Her knees still weak, she walks slowly over to him and sits beside him. He hands her a lit cigarette, he pulls deeply on his slow burning joint. They both sit in silence as her fingers trace over his pulsing cock that was burning with desire. She could feel the heat on her fingertips as she teased him. Her eyes scanning the room, “hmmm “ she purrs thoughtfully, as he gently caresses her neck and chest. “ are you enjoying yourself?” she asks smiling slightly he looks her in the eyes, “yes my queen...we both are” he growls softly. “hmmm i’m glad baby” she says as she kisses his hand gently.”

“Now let’s find his fantasy my king….” she says as she drifts into the crowded room.

He watches as she finds the perfect little whore for him to sexually destroy……









&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; to be continued……….



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Frank and Gina


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





