BDSM Library - Mistress Troyce




Mistress Troyce
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  It\'s work getting your submissive to sexually service your boyfriend!







I bade Trevor good night, kissing him&nbsp; on the cheek.

Trevor looked a bit dazed. "Troyce, you don't have to end it here. Your husband is clearly not what you want...you like me, right?"

It was hard for him, my&nbsp; sudden distance, since my tongue had been plunging in and out of&nbsp; Vince's mouth, as well as a few other places, just twenty minutes before.

"Vince, you're a sweet guy, but this is all about Geordie. Thanks for answering our ad."

I shut the door as Vince was still&nbsp; protesting. 
Now was my time for my husband, although I could hear Vince's entreaties on the porch for&nbsp; our next get together.

I trotted upstairs to see the love of my life,&nbsp; as he knelt on our bedroom floor, still looking a bit dazed.

My friend Marlene had told me that her husband Curry had gone through this, the first time she'd fucked a guy in front of him, and then had&nbsp; Curry suck her boyfriend's dick.

But really, Geordie shouldn't be that upset. I had just had him lick Vince's penis, just cleaning off my mess...

While Geordie was wearing Seventies blue eye shadow and bright red lipstick. It wasn't that big a deal, was it?

"What's wrong, Geordie?" I&nbsp; asked with a smile.

"Wasn't this&nbsp; what you wanted, hon?"

Geordie looked up at me somewhat blearily. I noted that his empurpled penis was still&nbsp; pushing against the chastity cage.

"Curry actually sucks a man&nbsp; to completion. You're way behind." I said with a smile, watching my poor hubby wince.&nbsp; But his cock was getting even harder.


"Troyce, I don't know." Geordie said.

"I fantasized about it, I've read&nbsp; tons of erotica about husbands serving their wives lovers.

Serving you and your lover, licking your juices off his cock, and then cleaning you out. But--"

I giggled.&nbsp; "You don't realize that life isn't pornography yet, babe. But you seem to have enjoyed yourself a little down there."

Geordie looked dejectedly down at his imprisoned penis. He smiled ruefully.

"It has been about ten days this time. I'm very horny."

It was amazing...but in a way Geordie was a slow learner. Curry had serviced several of&nbsp; Marlene's lovers, and had been locked up without orgasm for months.

One of Marlene's guys had gotten so excited by Curry serving him, that he'd begged Marlene if HE could be in chastity as well.

So now Marlene had two chastity slaves!&nbsp; And one of the other guys who just fucked Marlene regularly sometimes took Curry for the weekend on his own...which Curry hated, but he wanted to serve his dominant wife.

And all I had was Geordie, who was still sort of hesitant about all this.

I giggled again and shook my head. "No cumming...focus on me."

Geordie looked as if he'd been slapped. I walked by where he knelt, patting Geordie's head as I went into the bathroom.

Bless his heart, Geordie had drawn me a bath, complete with scented salts and candles.

I didn't really care&nbsp; about candles, through I remembered with some discomfort that Geordie had once burned down the family house lighting candles when he and his brother had been stoned.

The family had been forced to live in a double-wide trailer for a year after this. 

This was probably why&nbsp; Geordie's dad had complimented me on helping his pothead dropout son to "focus."

Cutting up Geordie's credit cards, making him finish school...he just needed a little prodding.

Taking Geordie over my knee with fifty from the hairbrush for poor grades in night school...

Looking over his performance reviews at work. (I fucked Geordie's boss regularly,&nbsp; and he willingly had sent me e-mails with progress.)

Soaping my breasts, I considered what I'd put poor Geordie through. 
He had fantasized about the chastity cage, and been fascinated by Curry's cage.

As soon as I'd put Geordie in the cage, he'd begun whining that his sentences were too long.

Apparently what he wanted was to wear the thing for an hour, then have me play with his cock, and then get to fuck me. No, no.

Geordie had told me&nbsp; of his cuckold fantasies, and again he'd complained when I enjoyed this too much, going out with many of his pals, several evenings a week.

After one night of enduring Geordie's bitching and moaning, I'd ordered him to get naked and&nbsp; I'd given Geordie forty with my mother's old wicker carpet beater.

I had toyed with my nipples in front of his sobbing&nbsp; face. "I think I'm cutting you off of playing with these 36C's for a while. I don't like whiny, snide little bitches trying to control my movements."

Geordie had burst into fresh tears at the idea he wouldn't be able to kiss and suckle my breasts. I'd locked him in the closet for the rest of the evening, and he'd been quieter when released.

Then, the next time I'd gone out with a handsome but not too bright&nbsp; van driver for our church...

I'd tied Geordie down on the garage floor, naked again...it had been chilly.

Geordie had had to wait while I enjoyed my evening with Buster.

Enjoying a dinner and going to the motel with Buster, and then having his sexy pal Arlen join us...

I'd kept my foolish husband's fate in the back of my mind, and when I'd gotten home around one am I'd found poor Geordie freezing his butt off.

But, after I'd untied him, Geordie merely kissed my feet and asked quietly how my night had gone.

We'd gone inside, and Geordie had licked the combined juices of both my lovers from my quim.

I had graciously allowed him to jerk off into a shot glass, and then of course, down the hatch.

Generally when Geordie was civil about my nights out,&nbsp; I&nbsp; would reward him after my return by allowing him to unlock himself and jerk off on the dining room floor.

Sometimes I would tie Geordie down and play with his cock for an hour or two...and then jerk him&nbsp; off myself.

Marlene didn't think a lot of this. She liked to have&nbsp; Curry jerk himself on his knees as she watched, opening her kimono so he could occasionally see her breasts or vaj.

Then usually right as he was on the verge of orgasming, Marlene would lock Curry back up again...

Once every six months she'd let Curry jack off as she and one of her boyfriends&nbsp; laughed at him and threw beer cans at his head...

As poor Curry pulled and prodded his wee-wee to a distressed completion.

I understand that Curry may now be getting silicone implants...sad for the Buttermilk Falls TV sportscaster, but he can probably wear his suits really loose, right?

After Geordie's good behavior on the whole dating thing became routine, I moved his jerking off to every three nights, and only fucked him once a month.

After this I discovered I really liked screwing the&nbsp; blue-collar boys more.

Geordie, unlike the "oral service" slaves he'd read about, wasn't all that good at munching carpet. So I ceased all sexual activity with him.

Geordie had been somewhat bitter about this decision.

"No more sex at all, Troyce?" he'd whined.

"I can't touch you?"

"You can still give me massages, honey. And I'll kiss you from time to time."

Necking with Geordie often made him so hot and bothered that he could be quite entertaining.

Sitting on his lap, pressing the cock cage into his right thigh,&nbsp; kissing the neck and whispering in his ear, my perfume enveloping him...before sending him to bed, aroused and somewhat insane.

"Remember, honey. You had a faithful wife who blew you every night and pampered you, but you opened Pandora's box here."

And Geordie had just looked at&nbsp; me.
Geordie&nbsp; had been naked and kneeling that night, too.

Geordie's penis had been ready to pop the metal bars of the cage, it was so hard.

Later, I got him a cage with little spikes to help him calm down...

The spiked cage would be hilarious as he'd yelp in pain when looking at his busty secretary!

But Geordie had tried to reason with me.

"Yes, Troyce, I've always fantasized about this, but I still miss the old days. 

You're a gorgeous woman, and I love having sex with you."

His voice had broken down after that, and I saw him crying a little bit, but his dick was swelling like no one's business.

Then I'd frowned. "Maybe you objectify me too much, Geordie.

I think I'm going to have to wear clothes around you more now.

After all, I'm less of a wife or partner than an authority figure."

After this, I had begun staying dressed much of the time at home.

I did wear fairly form-fitting clothes--

Tight sweaters, clingy tee shirts, and of course anything that showed off my flat belly button and accentuate the old bubble butt.


At the same time, I insisted that Geordie disrobe at the door when coming in at night from work. Sometimes I'd be at the country club or shopping with friends...

Or at a motel with some pickup!

And so Geordie would come in to an empty house. But he'd comply, and when I got home he'd be either making dinner, cleaning...

Or just naked and kneeling.

It was difficult for Geordie, as he enjoyed watching evening TV after a long day of work, or reading suspense novels.

But I wanted him to focus on his relationship with me.

How could he improve? What could he do to please me?

Enforced nudity, and not having the distractions of media, books or newspapers...

It seemed to really help Geordie to think about me, and since he was in chastity, he was more and more attracted.

And I'd stimulate this, having him oil up my long shapely legs...

Flash him my&nbsp; cleavage. It seemed to make him focus, Geordie.

But the forced bisexuality was a new thing for us.

I remember&nbsp; one night, I had Geordie tied down and was playing with his penis...

We were having one of those conversations where it had been normal in the beginning...

 But as I'd pulled Geordie's penis slowly and lovingly, and gradually stripped down to my French underwear...

Running my fire-engine red nails up and down his sweltering shaft...

Geordie had become breathless...and I got him to discuss his wildest fantasies.

And Geordie confessed he wanted to serve one of my lovers with me...

But&nbsp; it was just a fantasy, he insisted.

But I'm a&nbsp; Make-A-Wish-Foundation girl, right?

"Maybe I'll bring you home a nice big stud, and let him beat your ass after we screw"

I suggested this as I rubbed Geordie's dick harder...and then he'd exploded, making a b big mess all over my&nbsp; pretty fingers.

But of course he began whining when we made this happen.

My friend Harlow went through all this with her submissive husband last year.

He'd said "I want to be your slave and&nbsp; submit to your lovers"

But then he'd bitched all the way. "I don't feel&nbsp; like a man anymore."

But Harli said whenever she wanted to pull back, go back to the normal relationship...

Xander would beg for her to take up the whip again "No, it really does turn me on."

And you know, after your husband asks you to cheat on him, and you explore the possibilities...

Young, handsome men, and&nbsp; occasionally women---

It's hard to go back, to return to the way things were...

Who wants the realism of a pudgy hubby, the guy you see all day?

When Xander begged Harlow to put him in chastity, she thought they'd try just the honor system.

But she kept finding sticky Kleenex everywhere.

Xander always protested that since Harli had cut him off sexually...

(Who wants to make it with some sissy wimp?)

Xander was hornier than ever.


I witnessed several vicious whippings with the cane and the saucepan as Harlow tried to get Xander to&nbsp; toe the line, and keep his paws off his dick.

You'd think Xander would have come around...

Harli even began bouncing a straightened coat hanger off his cock and balls, but Xander couldn't&nbsp; seem to come around to behaving himself.

Finally Xander begged Harli to put him in chastity, and they bought a tube.

Xander was terribly turned on by it, until of course Harli locked him up, and then he began begging her for the key.

Now my Geordie was in chastity, and not quite as annoying, but you could tell he was hurting for the&nbsp; key himself!

For more of this writing

http://www.lulu.com/spotlight/justincbenedict



Review This Story
 || Email Author:     Errant Kitten!


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





