BDSM Library - Chained




Chained
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A Mistress leaves her slave chained to the wall in her cellar but got trouble






She looked up from her newspaper, stretched her lazily and considered if it was time for breakfast. The sheer thought about breakfast made her stomage to send affirmative signals that it was due time. She smiled for herself, raised from her armchair and went down for the stairs to the basement.



With a few swift movements she unlocked the heavy wooden door and entered a small, dark and windowless store room. Chained to the wall sat a man who at her entry immediately kneeled and lowered his forehead to the floor.



- Slave! Go to the kitchen and make my breakfast. You know my likings. When finished in the kitchen I want you to return here and lock the chains back on. Understood?

- Yes, Mistress.



The quite young man, perhaps 27-28 years old, never met his Mistress gaze. He remained kneeling with his forehead grounded while Ylva removed the heavy padlocks that joined his fetters to the chains that was fastened to the wall.



Ylva went upstairs again and once more relaxed herself in her favourite armchair with her newspaper. Soon could noices be heard from the kitchen that revealed that her breakfast was being prepared. Ylva smiled, she knowed that Sverker would not dare to taste even the slightest bit from her tray without her permission even though he was hungry. She once more congratulated herself for her luck to obtain such a obedient slave who without any arguing submitted to wear as well heavy manacles as a chastity belt.



Within a short time the, except for the chastity belt, naked slave entered the room with a tray that was steaming of its load of coffe, toasts and everything else needed for a good breakfast.



While she ate with good appetite he returned to the kneeling position with his eyes lowered to the floor. Ylva teased him a little by tossing crumbs from her toasted bread at him which he instantly ate from the floor. When Ylva was finished with her breakfast the slave silently raised from the floor, collected the dishes and went back to the kitchen. Ylva enjoyed to look at his naked and well proportioned body and the knowledge that his chastity belt denied him all sexual pleasure until she wanted it.



The splashing of water could be heard from the kitchen, then the sound of chinaware that was returned to their shelves. Then followed a moment of silence until his steps once more could be heard from the stairs to the basement. Each step was followed by a rattle from the short chain that connected his ankles to each other.



As soon as the sound of footsteps from the basement stairs had silenced Ylva raised again from her chair and went to the kitchen. With liking she looked at the gnistering clean sink. Thats good, she thought, Sverker do not need to be flogged this time. He is learning!



With total confidence that her slave should obey his instructions to the letter she left the kitchen and went to the bedroom where she changed clothes and briefly studied the documents that she needed to bring with her. After that she returned to the kitchen, grabbed a one liter bottle of water and an old and dry loaf of bread and went back to the basement again.



- Listen, slave!

- Yes, Mistress?



He leaned forward and lowered his head which make her to casually put her left foot upon his neck.



- I have to leave for a few days, I need to attend a seminar in Gothenburg. Meanwhile you shall watch the house for me. From here.



The man showed an aghast expression in his face when contemplating the prospect of being chained to the wall during the following days, a feeling that increased when he saw what he got to eat and drink during her absence. Ylva felt her admiration for her chained slave increase when he in spite of his quite obvious negative feelings did not utter one word to protest. Actually she has been worried that he would make use of his safe word and then stopped the fun for her part.



Ylva began to be in a hurry and made her farewell as brief as possible. She expressed her satisfaction with her breakfast and gave him a kiss at his chin before she swept out from the cell, locked the door and in an impulse of evil mischief turned of the light inside so that he was forced to dwell there in total darkness. He for sure would have some trouble to find his water, bread and the bucket to releave himself.



Hurriedly she put her documents in a thick briefcase and rushed out to her car. While driving along the graveled driveway her thought drifted away to her chained slave and she really enjoyed that she during the following days would know his exact location.



The two days in Gothenburg passed by quickly. The seminar had meant a lot of work but would probably have a positive influence for her position at the company. Even though she was quite exhausted she felt more and more aroused when she drove fastly homewards towards her most probably anxious waiting slave. She planned for that he when he had cleaned up him self as well as the cell he would be released from the chastity device for a couple of hours. That would most probably both of them appreciate.



The darkness after sunset deepened and the rainwet tarmac road got more difficult to see while the windscreen wipers monotonously swept back and forth. Thanks heaven that it remains only a few miles to drive, Ylva thought when she changed cassette in her player to one with rock music to keep her awake and alert. An another car approached in opposite direction. Damned, why could he not dip the headlights? The intense light beam penetrated the windscreen and spread through the glass making it almosr impossible to see the road. In the same moment that the meeting car passed by she saw a dark shadow that approached from the right. Then she saw the antler of a moose, thereafter followed the crash.



Pain, pure pain. It was difficult to maintain a thought. Where was she? With a huge effort she could at last open her eyes to find out that she was in a hospital ward. From a dropping bottle on a stance a hose went down to her right wrist. As soon as she moved her head she felt a stabbing pain. Ylva tried to call for somebody but to her dismay she realized that she was unable to open her mouth or even utter one single word. With a feeling of unreality she catched the alarm device that dangled in a wire above her and pushed the button. After a while a white-clad nurse arrived to her bed.



- Oh! You are awake? How does it feel? Can you remember what happened to you?



Ylva thought for a while, but no, she could not remember what had happened to put her into this situation. Very slowly and very cautious she shook her head.



- That's quite normal. It can happen when you have been unconcious for a while. You collided with an elk and was pretty badly injured. The ambulance crew told us that you most probably would not have survived should you have driven a smaller car than yours. Unfortunately your jaw got cruched so we had to fixate it. Actually you have been anaestethized during the last few days to make it possible for surgery. It was quite complicated but we think that you will fully recover from it. Do you understand?



Ylva let the words sink in to her mind and nodded then cautiously. So she had been involved in a car accident? She relaxed and let her head slowly fall down upon the pillow again. It seemed as she could consider herself as lucky to at all have survived the crash so the only thing she could do was to accept the facts and try to do as best she could to adapt to the situation. She would remain here for a while. As she felt quite dizzy that for sure was necessary. Probably had she got a lot of painkilling medicines. She lied down in the bed and mused about her situation but her thoughts ceased and she went in a deep, dreamless sleep.



Slowly, very slowly Ylva came back to life again. She could still only eat liquid food but now she for short moment could leave her bed and her room. It was liberating, the last few days had been like an eternity for her when she was forced to remain in bed. It was therefore a pleasure to enter the common TV-room to watch the news. Even though that she not was able to speak to anyone it was pleasant to be together with others again, to be part of a community.



Ylva was unable to watch the program, something was disturbing, poking her mind for attention. It was quite annoying and it made her feel nervous and restless. Then she saw it and it struck her like a bolt of lightning, she instantly remembered what the accident had made her to forgot: The hospitals TV-set was locked to the wall with a heavy chain.



Ylvas mind was racing and she could see for her inner eyes scenes and pictures that an instant ago was forgotten. Weak in her legs she faltered upon her bed, trembling.

Oh, my God! For how long has poor Sverker been abandoned in the cellar? Is he still alive?



Ylva could no longer remain here, sitting on the bed. She needed to get out, to return home, to recompence. But nothing of her belongings had been possible to salvage from the wrecked car. Her handbag with keys, wallet and money was destroyed.



The most obvious thing to do was of course to write a note and hand it over to the police. Ylva however realized that the consequences of that would be rather uncomfortable, not only for her but also for Sverker if he still was alive. No, she could not make it, she had to find a solution by herself.



With a head aching from her strained efforts to remember some to whom she could entrust and who could assist her to got answers. Alas, why, why had she not listened to all advices to let someone know when Sverker visited her? Ylva would never forgive herself if she had lost him.



Like a spark of electricity the name struck her. MistressDom! With her she often discussed many issues on the chat. She unfortunately did not have her email-adress but her friend very often was online at the chat. Maybe she could help her?



Idea and action was one. Without further thinking she swept out of the room and went down to the main entrance at the hospital. There she studied the city map in the phone book and then left the hospital still clad in the white clothes from the hospital and the stand with the dropbottle still attached following her with wildly swirling castors. Ylva did not bother or was even not aware about all curious glances she got from the citys inhabitants when she passed by, all she cared about was to as fast as possible reach the public library and their internet-computers.



Inside the coolish library she sat down in front of a public computer and logged in at the usual chat. She blessed her luck that this particular chat worked without the need to upload any special software. She was even happier when she found out that her dear friend MistressDom was online.



"Hi, MistressDom! Please! I REALLY would need your help now! I feel miserable!"



I can only hope that this message will be sufficient to draw her attention, Ylva thought. Now and then MistressDom is occupied virtually dominating a submissive and would in that case not answer.



This time MistressDom immediately answered to Ylvas relief. Soon the both ladies discussed the situation.



"Stay where you are! I pick you up with my car! I would guess that I would be outside the library within an hour. I think I would recognize you, I don't think there is a crowd of people sitting on a bench with a dropbottlestance beside them!"



In an absentminded condition Ylva closed the chat connection and went outside, sat down on a bench and just waited. That hour of waiting come to be the longest hour in her life. For her inner eyes Ylva could see the most horrifieing scenes take place in her cellar.



It turned out to be a long and solemn drive back home. MistressDom was wise enough not to scold her friend, she could see that Ylva could not bear anymore. When they just a few miles from home passed by a spot with long, black cravings in the tarmac, ended up with crushed glass and small wrecked parts from a car Ylva looked away and sobbed.



When the two ladies stood outside the locked front door to the house Ylva pointed at the woodshed, went in there and lifted away a woodpile and came out again with her spare keys. They opened the door and entered the house that was silent as a tomb. The air was reeking.



Pale as ebony in their faces the two ladies stumbled down the stairs to the basement. Outside the massive door they stopped, switched on the light and with trembling hands unlocked the door. Inside the cell Sverker lay on his back and did not make a movement. He was covered with a layer of filth and inside his fetters he had deep, bleeding wounds. But he was still alive!



Ylva broke down and fell to the floor and just sat there, hugging her slave. MistressDom hastily climbed the stairs and returned a moment later with clean towels and some fresh water. Very carefully she separated his dry lips and gave him some water. Sverker wheezed after a while and seemed to be aware of their presence.



Two weeks later MistressDom returned for a short visit. During the last weeks Ylva had returned to the hospital while Sverker recovered at home. What had saved Sverker was the old loaf of bread and that he could overcome the loathing to drink his own urine.



What surprised MistressDom was that it was a neatly clad Sverker that opened the door for her. He still looked a bit worn out, otherwise he had surprisingly well recovered from his adventure. He bid MistressDom in and offered her a seat at the kitchen table.



- I will serve you some coffe within a moment, MistressDom! And thank you for your help! I have no idea how much longer I could have survived.



MistressDom made en evasive gesture and told that it was nothing to mention, it was just the natural thing to do. By the way, was not Ylva at home for the moment? Sverker smiled faintly and shook his head.



- No, Mistress. But she felt an overwhelming need to recompence for my suffering. So we have switched with each other for six months. Please wait here and I shall release her from the cellar.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:   laban_kohaest


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





