BDSM Library - The Bad Gatsby




The Bad Gatsby
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:    A wronged teen becomes a millionaire man and vows to teach women a lesson.






Did you ever read the book "The Great Gatsby"?&nbsp; Or see the film?&nbsp; There are parallels with my story.&nbsp; Like Jay Gatsby I'm a self-made man, working my way from poverty to amass a considerable fortune.

And like Gatsby, my motivation came from a woman.&nbsp; But while his driving force was the love of debutante Daisy Buchanan, mine is fuelled by hate, the venomous hate I have for one woman.&nbsp; Consider me The Bad Gatsby.

You see, I went to one of those preppy up-state dorm colleges where the girls all wear long skirts and the boys all wear blazers.&nbsp; I went to the school because my dad was the janitor there.&nbsp; As I found out later, he was also fucking the gross, overweight headmistress, so he could pay my tuition fees.

God help him, my dad died the week before I graduated and no sooner was the scroll handed to me than I was told in no uncertain terms to get the fuck out of the college and don't come back.

Oh, and as a going away present this particular girl, let's call her Daisy, decided to embarrass me and organise for me to get the ass kicking of a lifetime from her boyfriend and his jock buddies.

I'll argue with anyone that revenge is just a strong a motivation as love.&nbsp; Certainly, as I built my tech start-up into a multi-million dollar company and then sold it for an indecent amount of money, I had the single vision of Daisy in my head. Her beautiful WASP face and all the horrible things I was going to do to it.

To sate my appetite in the intervening period, I set about finding girls just like Daisy - Privileged, upper class, pretentious - and I proceeded to ruin them.

Katie was just such a girl.

In her younger years she would probably have been described as precocious or sassy.&nbsp; Now in the burgeoning bloom of her early 20s she was just an arrogant, cocky, privileged bitch.

She first came on to my radar when I got a phone call from an old friend, one of the first guys I employed in my company, that he wanted to head to Tijuana on the next available flight.&nbsp; I asked him why and he described how Katie had led him on, maxed out his credit card and then dumped him for the next rich man she could latch on to.

I listened to my friend moan and whine for almost an hour about this bitch, before eventually I had heard enough.

"Listen Chris.&nbsp; You need more than a dirty weekend in Tijuana.&nbsp; I'm going to book you on a flight to Acapulco which will leave first thing tomorrow.&nbsp; You'll fly first class, stay in my beach house down there and fuck your way around the bay, do you hear me?"

He began to protest, but I cut him off.&nbsp; I have a way of being forceful and he knew better than to argue.

With Chris out of the way, I began to formulate a plan.&nbsp; I contacted my valet, Hector, who, before he worked for me, used to keep hookers in check for a cartel in Mexico City.

I gave him the name of the target and with a nod of acknowledgement, he left.

Four hours later I got the phone call I'd been waiting for.

"Mr Mason.&nbsp; Your package has been collected.&nbsp; Where would you like it delivered?"

"Bring it to the studio," I said.

I jumped in to my Lexus, nothing fancy, just a discreet set of wheels, and drove off to my studio gym and apartment in the seedier side of Oakland.

When I arrived in to the studio, Hector had already placed Miss Katie on the inversion table in the middle of the gym.

A velvet hood was placed loosely over her head and by the quiet whimpering coming from under it, she had given up on screaming for help.

I took the hood off with violent force, immediately shining a powerful flashlight into her face and dazzling her.&nbsp; She couldn't raise her hand to shield her eyes as both arms were tied above her head and, with her legs stretched out below, she made a perfect X with her body.

I had a lucha mask on to protect my own identity.&nbsp; Hector and his three men had likewise.&nbsp; I nodded to Hector and he signalled his men to leave.

"I hear you've been leading men on." I spat the accusation in her face with all the venom I could muster.

"I hear you've been going from rich guy to rich guy and bleeding them dry.&nbsp; Well you're going to learn a lesson that not all guys are saps.&nbsp; Some of them are very... bad.... men."

I took a flick knife out of my trousers and holding it close to her face, pushed the button to release the blade.

As it sprang up she screamed a short staccatos scream, then fell silent as if she knew she had displeased me.

"Don't worry.&nbsp; Nobody outside of this room can hear you so scream as loud as you want.&nbsp; Oh and you will scream."

I caressed the tip of the blade down her red silk blouse to the bottom, before sliding it underneath.&nbsp; I scythed up, the silk cloth no match for the razor-sharp blade as it split the whole length of her torso.

Underneath, a red bra, the same deep shade of crimson as her blouse, covered her slight bosoms.&nbsp; Chris was right, she wasn't packing too much under her top, maybe a C-cup if I was being generous.

I brought the knife up again, this time circling around her face without actually making contact with her unblemished white skin.

With my left hand I peeled away the material of the blouse hanging over her right shoulder.&nbsp; I moved her light brown hair out of the way and slid the knife in under her red bra strap and brought it up.&nbsp; It gave way with slightly more resistance than the silk, but not much.

I did the same on the other side,

I then ran my knife inside her sleeve cuff and ran the blade down her arm, splitting the sleeve in two.&nbsp; I did the same on the other side, all the while looking at her eyes as they filled with panic, uncertainty and, yes, fear.

When the expensive blouse was nothing but a ragged dishcloth, I ripped it from her body, tearing the last few strands.

I put the knife down, leaned in close and slid my hands forcefully in behind her back, making sure my face was right beside hers, so close she could feel my breath on her shoulder.

Once more I ripped the bra off her, exposing her bare breasts to me for the first time.

She tried to turn her body sideways, in some vain attempt to hide her nakedness, but it was all futile.&nbsp; She was strung up like a side of beef in an abattoir and I could do whatever I wanted.

I turned away, took off my tailored jacket and placed it on a chair a few feet away.&nbsp; I pulled my expensive shirt out of my trousers, took off the diamond cufflinks and took my shirt off, revealing my toned body underneath.

I still had a scar here or there where my college beating had left a permanent reminder.&nbsp; A scar on my shoulderblade was where my collarbone had to be surgically realigned.&nbsp; A small scar on the left side of my body was where a broken rib has pierced my skin.&nbsp; Girls found them sexy.&nbsp; Well, the girls I wanted to ask anyway.

Katie thought she knew what was coming, but when I didn't take off any more clothes, she looked puzzled.

To set her straight I moved forward swiftly and punched her hard in the lower abdomen.

I found the soft tissue below her ribcage, which was clearly visible because of her arms being above her.

The blow emptied the wind from Katie's lungs. As much as she could in her restrictive restraints she keeled forward, gasping for air as I held my fist deep in her stomach.

I grabbed a handful of her luscious light brown locks with my other hand and jerked her head backwards.

She was wheezing now, trying to force enough air down her throat to stop the burning in her lungs.

So I made it harder.&nbsp; The hand that just hit her wrapped around her throat, just under the chin, pinching it either side and causing her face to almost instantly turn red.

Now there was genuine fear in her wide open eyes.&nbsp; She realised she could die and it shook her very core and brought her careful privileged world crashing down.

As she began making gurgling noises under my intense grip on her throat I released the pressure and stepped back.

She was heaving, her ribcage expanding and contracting as she tried to get her breath back.&nbsp; She coughed and spluttered, spit coming out of her mouth and landing on her chest, rolling its way down to her tight pencil skirt.

Hector had been the only man observing my actions.&nbsp; He was my only trusted confidante.&nbsp; I nodded to him and he stepped forward, placing a pair of 10-ounce Muay Thai boxing gloves on the table beside me.

I put the first one on my left hand, tightening the restraints.&nbsp; I held out my right hand and Hector secured the second one on there.

I looked Katie in the eyes, gave my best shit-eating grin and said to her "Don't worry.&nbsp; These aren't to protect you.&nbsp; They're to protect my hands."

Stepping in close to her I held both hands in front of me, the gloves just touching her bare chest.&nbsp; "You'd be surprised how easily a man could break a finger when he's really in the moment," I growled at her.

"Fuck you" she said, then screamed it again "FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKER"

Well that decided it.&nbsp; I knew where my first punch was going.

With my weaker left hand I rabbit punched her right in the nose.&nbsp; Her head whipped back into the metal of the inversion table and it took just a moment for the sudden shock of my hit to translate into that stinging pain on the bridge of her nose.

A few second later, a trickle of blood slowly rolled down her left nostril.

She was crying at this stage, but I wasn't in the mood for whimpering.

Adopting a boxer's stance I went in close, delivering a six-punch combination to the ribs and kidneys, leaving her gasping for breath once more.

I skipped a step back then came in with a hard right to the lower left side of her torso, a kidney punch which I reckoned would have her pissing blood, if I chose to let her live.

Her head was lolling forward, her eyes glazed over as her senses tried to deal with the pain.&nbsp; I snapped it back with a left uppercut followed by a right hook across the cheek of her face.

Again her whole head whipped violently with the punch.

I went in to the body again, delivering a quick succession of blows to the stomach.&nbsp; I stepped back as she retched, her chest heaving at the strain of having to fight for every breath.

I then delivered a couple of punches to each breast.&nbsp; They weren't very large, but I hit the nipple dead on every time.

Every exhale brought a moan and I could see blood mixed in with the saliva hanging from the corners of her mouth.

With my left hand I pushed her forehead up so the back of her head was resting on the table.&nbsp; I then delivered another rabbit punch, this one with a bit more force and her eyes closed almost immediately.

When I let go of her head, it lolled forward limply.

I signalled to Hector again and he removed the gloves.&nbsp; I took the switchknife from the table and ran it up the side of her tight skirt, the heavier cotton needing a little more effort than her blouse had, but still no match for the steel blade.

When it was cut right up to the waistband, I grabbed the other side and pulled it away from her still limp body.

Unsurprisingly she had stockings on underneath her skirt and red lace panties which were the match of her bra.&nbsp; This woman was a whore and she used every trick in the book to trap her men.

I slid the knife inside the panties, cutting them on both sides and ripping them away from her crotch, exposing her pussy.

There wasn't a hair on it.&nbsp; She obviously kept it shaved.&nbsp; I put my hand on her lower stomach and slid it down to her pussy, feeling the incredible smoothness of it.&nbsp; Not even a hint of stubble. Had she shaved it that day?

I gave her pussy lips a quick rub, making sure to tickle her clit with my middle finger as I did.

She wasn't wet, yet.

I went over to the table, reached under it to a shelf and took out a small case, slightly smaller than a laptop.

I opened it and took out a syringe, removed the cover on the needle and plunged it through the rubber lid of a small vial contained inside.

I had used many sedatives before, in the early stages of my experimentation with women.&nbsp; Some had worked too well, rendering them unconscious until the next day, so I had learned to make adjustments.

I measured out 10ml on the syringe and withdrew it.&nbsp; I went over to Katie, again pushed her forehead back and plunged the needle into her neck, about an inch below her left ear.

Then I placed the case back under the desk and reached around to where a small velvet cloth covered two long objects.&nbsp; I removed the cloth and brought forward a black Hitachi vibrator, its bulbous head covered in a condom.

Next to it was a black dildo, 8-inches long, 4-inches round.&nbsp; It was actually modelled on my own penis.&nbsp; I gave it to my victims as a souvenir.&nbsp; A memento of the very dick that had raped them.

Of course it couldn't be traced.&nbsp; I was very careful to have it manufactured overseas and shipped through one of my shell companies.

I switched the vibrator on full, pulled the chair right in front of Katie and held it to her pussy.

She didn't respond instantly, but after 30 seconds a low moan escaped her lips.

The serum was taking effect.&nbsp; It was meant to keep her in a drowsy state, but also meant to send the blood rushing to her pussy, much as Viagra works for men.

I took the Hitachi away and felt her pussy, smiling when I could feel her wetness already.

She was still zonked out, but she slowly lifted up her bruised head and half opened her eyes.

It took her about a minute to fully wake up.&nbsp; When she did, and realised her predicament, she started pleading with me, her voice now no more than a whisper.

"No.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; No.&nbsp; Stop.&nbsp; I can't."

I gave her a backhand across her right cheek.&nbsp; "I'll decide what you can or can't do.&nbsp; I control your fate now.&nbsp; You'd do well to remember that."

I rubbed the Hitachi up, pushing the head tight in against her clitoris.&nbsp; The stimulation was more than she could handle and she let out a desperate moan which was half agony, half pleasure.

I grabbed the black dildo from the table and, momentarily taking away the Hitachi, slid it down her pussy lips until I found her sopping entrance.

With no mercy at all I grabbed the shaft and forced the top four inches of the silicone prick right up her vagina.&nbsp; I then grabbed the base and forced as much of the rest of it in there as I could, leaving just over an inch sticking out of her snatch.

She cried out and this time there was no mistaking it for anything but pain.

I brought the vibrator back to her clit and her cry was suddenly cut short.

With my left hand working the vibrator and my right hand now furiously working the dildo in and out of her pussy, she started making low guttural grunts.

She tried to resist the growing orgasm inside her.&nbsp; She tried to close her legs, but they were too tightly restrained.&nbsp; She tried to twist her body so the vibrator would not be pressed against her love button, but it was all in vain.

After such valiant attempts, lasting no more than five minutes, she eventually succumbed.

One wailing long moan "Noooooooo!" and I knew she was done.&nbsp; But I wasn't.

Her body began shuddering as the climax swept over it.&nbsp; After ten seconds, her arms tensed as she tried to lift her body up and away from the relentless Hitachi which I still had firmly pressed to the top of her pussy.

My hand now was getting wet with the juices pouring out of her, coating the black dildo and enabling me to thrust all eight inches inside her again and again and again.

Just over a minute after her first orgasm she came again.&nbsp; She let out another long wail as she fought her own body.

When the pounding and vibrating didn't stop she pleaded with me.

"No more please.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; It's too sensitive.&nbsp; God please stop.&nbsp; Please."

Tears were streaming down her face as she begged me to relent.&nbsp; Her high-quality make up had held up to the abuse well, but now her mascara was nothing but black ribbons on her cheeks.

And still I kept going.&nbsp; Tiring from the pounding I switched hands, this time my left taking hold of the dildo which, at this stage, was slippery and hard to keep hold of.

I kept the vibrator pressed on her love button, grinding it in until I could feel the vibrations echo in her sobbing and pleading.

The third orgasm rolled across her a couple of minutes later.&nbsp; This time it produced a stream of cum from her pussy, it gushing out as I pistoned this black rod in and out of her.

She opened her mouth full and screamed with all her might on this climax.&nbsp; I knew I had taken her to a place she'd never been before.&nbsp; I knew she had probably never orgasmed that hard in her life.

As soon as her scream had ended, I took the vibrator away from her swollen pussy and pulled the dildo out, letting it fall on the floor, splashing in the puddle she had made on the ground.

She whispered "Thank you, thank you" before she had even realised what she was saying.&nbsp; There was no fight left in her now.

I stood up, placing the Hitachi back on the table and pushing the chair out of the way.

I put a gentle hand on her chin, lifting it up so her face was level with mine.

"Look at me.&nbsp; LOOK AT ME."

She turned her eyes to mine.

"I own you now.&nbsp; I beat you and then I fucked you and you came and you fucking loved it didn't you?"

She just sobbed, tears welling up in her eyes.

"The only problem is.&nbsp; I don't think you've learned your lesson."

Now she spoke, rushing to get the words out of her mouth, fearful that my next move would be another backhand.

"I did.&nbsp; I swear to God I learned my lesson.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; Please let me go.&nbsp; I won't fuck with another guy.&nbsp; I won't.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; Please."

Her pleading got quieter as I turned my back on her and walked away from the inversion table.

"Hector" I said, and my henchman instinctively knew what to do.

He grabbed the top of the inversion table and swung it backward, bringing Katie back with it.&nbsp; He undid the tight leather fasteners on her arms, then her legs.

She pulled her aching arms down to her waist, trying to get feeling back in to her hands which had been so tightly bound that they turned red.

With one almighty swing, Hector turned the table back around, dumping Katie onto the ground with a thud.

She managed to turn her body slightly, landing heavily on the concrete floor with one shoulder.

She tried to get her hands to work, crawling forward seeking out the support of the chair.&nbsp; She didn't see Hector behind her.&nbsp; The serum was now working in its second stage, keeping her docile and dazed.

The Mexican enforcer bent down, wrapped two giant arms around the slight waist of this vixen and lifted her clean off the ground.

She couldn't physically put up a fight, but she screamed with what little energy her voice had left.

Hector walked with her over to one corner of the gym, where a three-rope wrestling ring had been set up.

He hoisted her on to the ring apron and rolled her inside.

I was already at the other corner of the ring, removing my shoes, socks, trousers and shorts.

My cock was poking rudely out in front of me.&nbsp; I'd been hard since I jumped into the Lexus to drive here, but an army of women couldn't keep it down now.

I walked over, picked Katie up and pushed her back into the corner, pinning her body against the turnbuckle with my forearm.

"Now you're going to learn the tradition of my country and realise that not all wrestling is fake."

With that I lifted her up, pinning her right arm against her body as I got her in a bear-hug.

I swivelled to my left, bringing the waif down on the mat with a belly-to-belly suplex, my full weight landing on top of her.

She again was left gasping for air.&nbsp; As I stood up she went in to the foetal position trying to protect herself, her arms holding her battered stomach.

I grabbed her left leg, swinging her fully round onto her belly.&nbsp; I then lifted the leg up and back in a submission move.&nbsp; Her body was arched now, the sole of her foot barely 18 inches from the back of her head.

She let out an agonising moan as I bent her leg further, putting pressure on her back, her hip and her knee.

Still holding her leg, I flipped her over again, onto her back this time.

Picking up her other leg, I intertwined the two crossing her right ankle under her left knee, while putting her left foot and ankle under my armpit.

Turning her back around onto her stomach, I reached my arms between her crossed legs and leant back, pinning her in the submission move known as the Cloverleaf.

She was in excruciating pain.&nbsp; I put my ass sitting on her lower back, restricting her breathing, as I cranked back on her legs, lifting her pelvis clear of the mat in an unnatural position.

After about a minute of this move, and with her wheezing under my weight, I released it, her legs smashing back down to the mat.

She used a tired arm to push her body over so she could breathe easier.

Now lying on her back, she didn't even see me coming until I was already airborne.&nbsp; I landed an elbow to her chest and ribcage, driving the breath out of her lungs and definitely bruising some ribs in the process, possibly even cracking one.

She rolled around on the mat, unable to stay in one position for fear I would attack her again.

I watched from the corner, stroking my engorged cock at this wonderful sight before me.

I let her lie there writhing for two or three minutes before continuing my assault.

She saw me this time, turning onto her stomach in an effort to crawl away.

I stood over her and reached down, sliding my powerful arms around her stomach and snatching her up in one clean move.

I threw her back in the corner, pinning her once more to the turnbuckle, before raising a knee into her stomach.&nbsp; I took it away and watched her crumple to the ground in front of me.

I grabbed a handful of hair and lifted her up to her knees.

"Open your mouth.&nbsp; OPEN YOUR FUCKING MOUTH." I shouted at her.

Enough of the message got through to her foggy brain for her to do just that.

I thrust the head of my cock into her oral entrance, before grabbing a tighter handful of her matted brown hair and pushing harder.

I could hear her gagging on just the first few inches of my throbbing cock, but like before, I showed her no mercy.

I face-fucked her for a minute, roughly pushing as much of my shaft into her mouth as would fit.&nbsp; Her gagging just lubricated my cock, and as her throat spasmed in a desperate attempt to breathe it felt utterly divine.

I let go of her head and allowed my cock to slide out of her mouth.&nbsp; She was rasping for breath now, coughing up the saliva which had come up her throat, onto the mat in front of her.

I grabbed a handful of her hair again, this time sticking her head between my legs and lifting her body up.

Linking my hands under her stomach I lifted her up, rotating her until she had a leg either side of my head.

I then turned around and brought her crashing back-first onto the canvas.

She arched her back with the pain, letting out the kind of moan I hadn't heard from her yet.&nbsp; This wasn't a sharp stinging pain, this was a dull thump which reached every inch of her body.

She again swivelled on to her stomach, her body dry-heaving as she struggled for air.

I had almost finished with her.&nbsp; Almost.

As she began another futile crawl to the side of the ring I lay down on her upper back, pinning the arm closest to me between my legs and reaching around to the front of her face with both my hands.

This time I cranked my arms back the way, lifting her head clear off the mat and torquing back on her neck.

I had been in this submission before, when I trained as a lucha wrestler, and I knew how painful it was.&nbsp; I pulled back some more, this time lifting her petite chest off the mat, but making sure some of my bodyweight was still on her lower torso so she couldn't roll out of it.

Her arm that wasn't pinned was desperately clawing at my interlocked fingers, which now sat across her mouth and nose.&nbsp; She scratched and scraped, but after a minute or so the energy went out of her arm and it fell limply to the ground.

Unconscious for the second time today, I released my hold gently, making sure her head didn't snap forward to the canvas.

I took the arm I had pinned underneath me and used it to roll her over onto her back.

I then grabbed her legs, put one either side of my head and pushed them up so she was almost folded in two underneath me.

Her pussy was now in line with the head of my cock and, with it still slick with her juices, I had no problem sliding my cock in to her.

I waited until I was buried in her up to the hilt, before I reached a hand out and slapped her across the face, waking her up from her blacked-out state.

Again, in her groggy condition, it took Katie a few moments to put the pieces of the jigsaw together, and to feel the fullness of her pussy.

When I saw that spark of realisation in her eyes, I ploughed her for all I was worth.

My rock-hard sceptre pistoned in and out of her cooch with smooth precision.&nbsp; Every stroke I would remove six or seven inches from her and pump it right back in, my sweaty pelvis making an intoxicating slap off her thighs and ass every time.

She was obviously unused to such a pounding.&nbsp; I can't imagine she'd pick any man who had the character, let alone the cock, to give her a hammering like I was.

She couldn't stop the fucking any more than she could the vibrator and dildo earlier.&nbsp; Likewise, she couldn't stop the sensations building from her pussy.

I think her first orgasm almost caught her by surprise.&nbsp; She was so busy pounding on my chest with her weakened arms, she didn't even realise she was about to climax until her body convulsed under me, her pinned legs shaking and a look of genuine surprise on her face.

I kept up the pace, knowing I wouldn't last long myself&nbsp; "I'm going to impregnate you bitch.&nbsp; And if you get pregnant you're going to have my child and he's going to remind you of the day you got properly fucked for the first time in your whore life."

I kept going, my pelvis a blur as I rammed my shaft into her at a frantic pace.&nbsp; She could feel another orgasm coming, but I didn't give her the satisfaction.

With one long, hard stroke, I pushed my full length into her, leaning the weight of my hips against hers and grunted with feral aggression as I pumped my seed deep into her womb.

After my last spurt, and with my cock still hard, I began fucking her again, this time grinding my crotch against her pussy as I slid in.

She turned her head to the side.&nbsp; The shame of her body reacting to such a pounding was too much.&nbsp; She whimpered "No. No. No." quietly to herself, but when I reached a hand down and rubbed her clit, it was too much and she came again, her body once more shaking under my assault.

This time I withdrew, my cock finally going limp.&nbsp; A small trickle of my semen dripped out of her wet snatch, down her asshole and onto the mat.

I got up and, walking to the corner, picked up a towel.&nbsp; I dried my chest and torso, wiping away the sheen of perspiration that my exertions had brought out, before doing the same to my dick, cleaning off our mixed love juices.

I then grabbed a sports bottle of water and took a long drink.

Katie was back in the foetal position, quietly sobbing on her side.&nbsp; I threw the towel on the ground beside her and then squeezed the water bottle at her, a long stream of the cold liquid hitting her prone legs and ass.

"You might want to clean yourself up," I said, throwing the bottle down beside her.&nbsp; "Hector and the boys don't like a messy bitch."

Katie looked up at me in shock, and I directed her gaze to the door at the other end of the room.&nbsp; Hector and the three men who had snatched Katie off the streets were now walking towards the ring.

Each man was totally naked, their engorged cocks bouncing in front of them as they walked to the ring.&nbsp; Hector had a smile on his face.&nbsp; The other three men still had their lucha masks on, but I knew they were smiling under them.

I slid out of the ring and watched as the men ravaged Kate in front of me.&nbsp; Hector, as a reward, was the first to fuck Katie up the ass.

He slipped his cock into her pussy once or twice, but that was the only lubrication before he punched the seven inches of Mexican meat up her butthole.&nbsp; She screamed out again.&nbsp; Soon after I could see a little bloodstain on the canvas under her.

The men were savage, beastly.&nbsp; They took turns fucking her mouth as Hector fucked her ass.&nbsp; Once he had shot his seed deep in her rectum, he withdrew and sat down in the corner to watch his henchmen take turns fucking her ass too.

Katie's pussy didn't get a look in as these guys pounded her butt.&nbsp; After a while she even stopped yelping.&nbsp; She just complied as one after another guided their cocks into her mouth or shoved another load into her ass.

At one stage, one of the guys even buried four fingers up in there, trying to force his whole fist up her sphincter but failing.&nbsp; She let out a brief groan and lay her exhausted defeated head on the matt.

At the end, all three men stood up and opened their bladders, pissing golden rain down on the prostrate Katie.&nbsp; She winced slightly as the stinging hot liquid touched her bleeding anus, but we all knew she had no fight left in her.

I left soon afterwards, nodding to Hector, my permission for her to be returned home.

A few hours later, Hector sent me a photograph.&nbsp; Katie was sitting on the sofa in her house.&nbsp; Her body was covered in a bathrobe.&nbsp; She was holding in her hand the black dildo I gave her.&nbsp; She had a fake smile on her face and a vacant look in her eyes.

She was mine and I knew she would never re-offend again.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:   Tom Carroll


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





