BDSM Library - Fair Grounds




Fair Grounds
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Jack thought Dawn was going to let him get away with being with other women.






Fair Grounds



If Only Dreams Came True...

This is a short story of a dream I had.

Dawn and I were at a fair in town. Like always she was dressed to kill in tight jeans, boots and a very sexy top. Every guy there was looking at her like I was not even there. We went on every ride they had and played every game there. She kept going back to the Tilt-A-Whirl and talking with the operator. She saw I was getting a little upset so she came up to me and gave me a kiss.

"Oh, stop getting upset I was just having fun. Why don't you try it sometime it might be fun for you."

"You would get upset."

"No I won't. It feels good to just let it out. Give it a try."

"What if I did flirt with some sexy girl and she decided to take me into the woods. Then what would you do."

"It would not bother me one bit. Because I know you'll still need me."

We kept going from game to game talking about what if questions. After a while she told me that she had to go to the ladies room and she'll be right back. While she was gone I played the game with the darts popping the balloons I finally won her a big teddy bear. After that I went looking for Dawn. It has been over fifteen minutes since she left. I went by the Tilt-A-Whirl but she was not there. Walking around with her I never noticed just how busy the fair was there was lines to rides everywhere. I finally found her standing in line talking to some lady. This lady had red hair and just as sexy body as Dawn's.

"Hi Hon what's going on?" As I handed Dawn the Teddy Bear.

"Oh hi, just talking to Tonya, Tonya this is Jack."

"Please to might you."

"Hi," Tonya said, "Man this line is taking forever."

Dawn motion me to come closer to her. She whispered into my ears, "What do you think of her?"

"She's pretty."

"What do you think of her ass?"

I scratched my head and then with a smile, "I would love to French kiss that ass."

"Maybe I can make your wish come true." With that Dawn turned to Tonya. "Hey Tonya my man would love to French kiss your ass."

Tonya turns to me with a sicken look. "Sicko."

My face turned beet red. Why the hell did Dawn tell her that? Dawn was whispering to Tonya for a little bit when Tonya turned to me and smiled. Not a smile to say more like oh shit what the hell are they talking about. The only thing I heard as Dawn turned to walk over to me was Dawn saying, "If it happens it happens."

As Dawn got close I spoke out, "Why would you..." before I could finish Dawn put her finger over my lips.

"Look, I got her to agree to take you to the woods. I want you to have fun and loosen up a bit."

"But..." Dawn put her finger over my lips again."

"I want you to. Don't keep her waiting."

I started to walk over to Tonya and kept glancing back at Dawn motioning me to keep going.

"I don't have all night." As Tonya grabbed my hand and lead me to the wooded area.

As the lights faded from the fair Tonya turns to me. "So your wife said that you thought I have a sexy ass and you'll love to French kiss it. Is that true?"

"Y-e-s" I was barely able to get out of my mouth. I was like a little school kid asking my first girl out on a date. "But if you don't want to I understand."

"Listen I did not walk all the way out here, to just turn around and go back. I'm in a hurry and have to go soon. If we're going to do this lay down on your back."

I laid down on the ground as she took a small pocket flash light out of her pocket and turned it on. 

"I want you to enjoy looking at my pretty ass." 

With that she dropped the flashlight next to my head and stood over it so I had a full view of her backside. She started unbuttoning her jeans and slid them down to her feet. As she lowered her self down to my face my heart was skipping beats. She stopped near inches from my face and looked between her legs. "Go on kiss it." I raised my head and puckered me lips and kissed her asshole. "I thought you were going to French kiss it? Come on, I don't have all night, get that tongued up in there." As I open my mouth wider and stuck my tongue inside her asshole, she sat down full weight but trying not to cover my nose with her pussy lips. I could feel her relax as I tongued her asshole. I pushed my tongue as far as I could when I finally hit something solid pushing back at me. For a second I was shocked and did not move. 

Tonya looked down at me with a great big smile. "I told you I was in a hurry and have to go soon.

I started to squirm around trying to get free. She just leaned backwards placed her hands on my shoulders.

 "I have been holding this for three days and I'm just dying to let it out." 

She was pushing so hard it felt like she was going to break my jaw. I could feel the tip exit her hole and directly into my mouth. I could not believe what is happening. She was using me like a toilet! Without any concern for me she just kept pushing harder and her shit was coming out faster. It was right at my throat and without any warning it pushed pass the opening and down the esophagus. She was pushing it out so fast I did not have time to gag. Before I knew it my stomach was packed and esophagus too. I couldn't breath as she lean forward and let the last bit of her waste pack my mouth. I see her stand up and wiped her ass with my shirt. She pulled her jeans up a smiled an evil grin down at me. 

"Hope you enjoyed it."

She walked away without glancing back at me. I laid there trying to dig the shit out of my mouth. I thought to myself how fast she was able to push all that out. I was running out of air as I laid there. I kept trying to dig the shit out.

A few seconds later I can see a shadow appear next to me. I can see the flashlight picked up and shined into my eyes.

"See I told you, you'll still need me." Dawn said smiling down at me. "It's not my fault you wanted to French kiss a women's ass that was standing in that long line for the ladies room."

If my eyes were not big already from lack of oxygen they were now. I thought that was a line for a ride!

"Wow she really packed you good. There is no way that shit is coming out of you. I hope you had lots of fun. I might go back over to the Tilt-A-Whirl and talk with that cute guy." Dawn turned off the flash light and walked away. "Oh sweetie thanks for the teddy bear."



SiCiAiT@Hotmail.com





Review This Story
 || Email Author:   SiCiAiT


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





