BDSM Library - Letters from Hobson Bend




Letters from Hobson Bend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What's it like having your dick pierced to the floor, and then being orally raped by a African-American transsexual?






LETTER FROM HOBSON BEND

Dear Shoeblossom:

I've enjoyed the letters I've read, and I wanted to tell you of my unique relationship with my dominant wife, Beatrix, "Trix" for short.

I am Doctor Lionel Lithgow, author of 20 books...


University professor of physics...

 And president of the biggest quantum physics research facility in the Western Hemisphere...

But at home I'm just a little&nbsp; slave-bitch!

I met Trixie when my old girlfriend, Ariadne, took me to a Renaissance faire.

Most of the event was just weirdos dressed in peculiar 17th century costumes, but Ari begged me to take a ride in a buggy that&nbsp; was drawn by a nude male. The driver was a lovely girl in leather breeches, and&nbsp; watching her curl the whip around the naked buttocks of the "horse" was quite amusing!

As the poor bastard screamed and tried to pull our buggy as fast as possible, the chauffer, Miss Beatrix, turned to us and smiled. "Sylvan and I do this every year...he actually pays&nbsp; me to keep being involved in it."

I was astounded that anyone would pay to be covered in welts and have to pull a stagecoach in the mud, but there was something that made me envy the fellow.

"My ex-husband, Jeremiah, used to help Sylvan pull this thing, but he's in prison now..."

How curious.

Even "curioser" as Alice in Wonderland would put it, was that I married Miss Beatrix, dumping Ariadne, a rich heiress...

less than nine months later!

Today Sylvan is "Sylvia" after a curious operation, and sometimes I see the poor creature at parties...but I honestly think Sylvia pities me more than I do "her".

I visited Sylvie and her husband some years back, they live in Felsenthal, about twelve miles from here, and Sylvie told me that I would be happiest when I stopped fighting my need to submit.

"Believe you&nbsp; me, Lionel" Sylvia said with a smile...

"I am in much better shape than when I was a decorated Marine who secretly was stealing my mother's panties and jerking off in them. Now I am the wife of a real man who gives me the direction and discipline I need, and regularly!"

Sylvia is right, I guess, about not fighting your desires...

 I thought I had stopped fighting it, but I guess sometimes I really&nbsp; want to assert myself still!

The story of how Beatrix, or Trixie enslaved me and got me into a chastity belt is a mystery...I can only go over it bit by bit...

And I do remember how Ariadne, who was a model, tried to compete with Trixie for me...and the last time Ari came to see me, she caught me naked and kneeling, receiving an enema from my new fiance...

Ari screamed and begged me to get some sanity, but I just knelt, humiliated as Trixie laughed...and that was the end of my beautiful model...I was Trixie's forever!

After 12 years in a traditional chastity belt, Trix decided to have&nbsp; me pierced and put into a Prince Albert thing, with little metal hoops, one that goes right under the head of my cock.


Sometimes, Trix will take&nbsp; a tiny padlock, and connect the loop in my penis to a loop in the concrete floor of&nbsp; our wine cellar.&nbsp; Then I'm essentially locked by my penis to the floor.

It's not just her.&nbsp; I get these insane fantasies...I was so excited by chastity!

Necking with Trixie, on the couch--I, naked with&nbsp; my hands behind my back and my beloved wife in a snug purple shift, with matching lip gloss and nails, those sleepy eyes laughing at me...

God, she's so beautiful. I remember when I met her...she made me forget every woman I'd ever met&nbsp; previously!

I know I'm not supposed to push too close to her when we're making out, as Trixie will give me a vicious caning. She keeps her canes in the bathtub so they'll be wet and whippy, and she sands the tip to make me scream.

The passion that she arouses in me makes me forget that I'm a submissive sometimes, because it's so intense!

Trixie would kiss me, moving her tongue in and out of my mouth, as I strained against her...

Trixie's fingers playing against the swelling head of my cock, as she murmured in my ear "Easy, wimpy boy, don't lose control, what a child you are!"

And she knows how to tickle the underside of my poor penis to the point of wanting to lunge on her!

Trixie, using her tongue around my ear, and then up and down the side of my cheek, and then suddenly pushing me away.

"So time for the chastity device!"

But--what? My face made her laugh.

But of course she knew how excited I would get by the intensity of the denial.

And the piercing, the Prince Albert, just made things&nbsp; even more interesting!

When my adult son from a previous marriage came to visit us, he'd been thrown out of Yale for being a coke-addled idiot, Trixie began talking to him about&nbsp; his mistakes.

The oldest sons are called&nbsp; Lionel in our family--My grandfather, a tough sea captain went by "Lenny" my father, Lionel Jr. was called "L.J." and my son's nickname for Lionel is "Leo".

Leo always had the hots for his young stepmother, and she was&nbsp; very physically affectionate with him.

Somehow Trixie conned Leo into getting pierced and locked in a Prince Albert also!

"Now if you can make good grades at the community college, we can get you back into Yale, and I have a nice reward system!"

It had been horrifically fascinating to me.

As I would do housework (Trix had me wear the cutest ballerina outfit as I cleaned) my wife would neck with&nbsp; my son on the couch, and he would be naked and cuffed...

When Leo's penis became enflamed and swollen, Trixie would go over Leo's tests, and his papers.

"Oooh...a C minus. Not too impressive..."

"I just don't understand cosines yet, Trixie (or how to&nbsp; conjugate French verbs, etc.) please don't..."

Trixie would produce a piece of cut coat hanger and swing it hard several times on Leo's penis until it was wilted and he was weeping...

"I don't want to raise a moron here, Leo! You're twenty-two and a total slacker!"
WHACK! WHACK!

And then send him to hit the books.

If he could make at least a 3.0 on his transcripts, Trixie would allow him to go down on her, and occasionally masturbate...

And then eventually Leo went back to Yale and graduated!

Trixie got me into the piercing and also would ration out orgasms very rarely, and often in reward for gifts and achievements...

But this business of locking my piercing to various loops was a little much!

Trixie came home the other night after having been shopping. "Lionel honey, I'm going out with Allan tonight , we're going to drive up to that nightclub in North Hazeldene?

So I went to the Betsy Johnson store and I wanted to show you what&nbsp; I got....you can tell me if it's sexy or not."

But first, before the whole indignity of what she'd spent on my Amex to entertain her lover, Trix had me&nbsp; strip, and she cuffed my hands behind my head, and trotted me down into the cellar, and had me lie&nbsp; down near the hated floor loop.

Whoever thought this would be the secret life of Mr. and Mrs. Beatrix and Lionel Lithgow, Hobson Bend's most illustrious citizens?

And yet, would I have it any other way?

Trixie unlocked my Prince Albert, and&nbsp; locked the little padlock through my dick loop and the floor loop.

She put a clothespin on each nipple, eliciting a&nbsp; moan from me, as my nipples are very sensitive...

Then Trixie hit me a few times with a cut off&nbsp; piece of rubber hose to see if&nbsp; I could get away from the loop, and I tried to rise, and&nbsp; of course was pulled down to the floor again, my penis searing with pain.

After this, Trix giggled and went back upstairs,&nbsp; coming back down a few minutes later in powder blue bikini underwear. 

I could barely look up at her, as&nbsp; I was on my belly...

But as I watched her red nails rubbing her cleavage, my&nbsp; penis swelled against the floor hook.

"Miss Trixie, I have to pee a little bit."

"You're going to have to hold it, all night. I've trained you to do this from time to time, locked you up in a pee-free catheter...so keep from peeing, or I will make you lick it up, every drop and give you fifty with the scourge, hon."

I sighed, it would be a long evening.

"You're lucky. I used to bind Sylvan, and Jeremiah down and then rub habaneras peppers on their testicles..that was a glorious burn, and their screams entertained the neighborhood."

"Yes, I guess I am lucky, Trixie."

"So what do you think, Lionel? Is it sexy? Do you think&nbsp; Allan will enjoy taking it&nbsp; off me tonight?" Trixie's lower lip poked out innocently.

"You're so beautiful, Trix. Please-please let me up." I begged, but my wife is a cruel girl. She giggled and rubbed the front of her slightly covered nipples, so they poked through the bikini top.

"I'll show you my miniskirt and my blouse later." Trixie sat down on the floor where my head was and opened her legs, moving her crotch very close to my face.

I breathed in Obsession perfume, and my dick got even harder, and I felt the nasty pinch as&nbsp; my penis tried to pull away from the cruel floor hook.

Trixie stretched her long legs out around my head and pulled her crotch a little closer to my face. Did I mention she was wearing high heels? Oh God, yes.

The floor of the cellar is pristine, as Trixie has me scrub it with a toothbrush twice a week...so she felt no hesitation to sitting&nbsp; on it....


"Do you want to kiss my wee-wee,&nbsp; Lionel?" Oh, that voice.

I nodded, my head propped up on the floor by my chin. My cock was swelling incredibly, and of course the pinch was getting sharper.

"Why don't you kiss my wee-wee. If I like it, I'll take off my panties, and unlock you, and sit on your face. It's been a&nbsp; long time since&nbsp; I let you kiss Mommie down there, hasn't it?

This was true. Trixie and&nbsp; Allan were so&nbsp; involved and I rarely got to fool around with her. I hadn't gotten laid since my honeymoon...


Ah, but at least for the first couple&nbsp; of&nbsp; years I got to eat her out...cleaning out other men's cum, mostly. And that was a lot of fun, as Trixie has a tiny little snatch, and she keeps it trimmed, the hair in the shape of a heart, that she dyes bright red.

So I&nbsp; tried to move my head to where her quim was, just so I could&nbsp; kiss the beautiful heart behind the blue panties...but as my tongue came out, Trixie pulled away, just a quarter of&nbsp; an inch.

I tried to inch forward,&nbsp; using my belly to push my body along, as of course my wrists were still cuffed...

Oooh. My penis was starting to feel tugged. That damn hook! But I ignored the pain and inched along...but wouldn't you know it...Trixie inched away AGAIN.

"What's wrong, Lionel?" Trixie asked with a giggle. 

"Don't you want to suck on my pussy? I'm so horny, too...

I pulled a little closer, although now my penis was being stretched. She waited until I got close enough to stick out my tongue.

"That's right. Stick out your tongue. Touch my clitty with your tongue big boy."

My&nbsp; penis was feeling awfully frazzled at this&nbsp; point.

"If you can touch my pootie with your tongue,&nbsp; I'll let you fuck me."


"I just hurt so much, Trixie." I begged.

"My dick is in serious pain...do you want it to rip?"

"If you really loved me, you could reach my hot spot."

Just as my tongue was about to touch Trixie's "spot" she moved away just another fraction of an inch.

I burst into tears. It had been so long since I'd been allowed to cum...

Day in and day out, my penis surging against the piercing, my secretary and the typist, and the paralegal (who has fabulous knockers) flirting with me left and right...

I couldn't ease tension by jerking off in the Executive Restroom anymore...I was pierced!

"Aww... listen to the little crybaby. You're such a whiny little bitch, Lionel."

I shook my head, my chin bumping against the floor, as I wept more.

"That's why I like Alan, he fucks hard and never whines."

But of course she didn't attack Alan's penis to the floor, did she?

"Well, I tell you what. I'll let you release by rubbing your worm against the floor...you can't touch it, but you can rub it, and I'll unlock you when I get home from my date, which will probably be tomorrow morning."

"I'll have to stay here ALL night?" I looked up at her blearily.

As I was on my stomach, my nipples were really tortured because they were being bent by the clothespins into the floor, with my 230 pound weight on them.
It was true that I couldn't look a gift orgasm in the mouth.

Usually every four to six weeks, I'd be allowed to furtively jack off into a little cup.

And it had been 48 days this time.

Trixie inched towards me again, her legs still spread around my head. I wafted in her scent. The beautiful, shaved heart shaped pubic mound was so&nbsp; intoxicating!

Then, Trix lifted her long, shapely leg over my head and got up on her knees and crawled to where I was lying on my cock.

She pushed me onto my side, so my locked penis was exposed attached as it was to the eyehook in the floor.

Trixie giggled at the way&nbsp; my dick was stretched out between my body and the floor.

I began weeping again. She was wonderfully inventive, but so cruel!


"Poor, poor baby. Do you ever regret that you talked me into being your dominant Goddess?"

Trixie giggled, pushed her perfumed cleavage closer to my tortured face...

She began slowly caressing my elongated organ with her pretty ruby-red nails.

My penis strained against the cruel hook locking it to the cold cement floor.

Trixie apparently felt the floor was a bit&nbsp; too cold, because she got up and&nbsp; put a little rug under her cute butt...but I was still shivering, as it was&nbsp; November.

Trix leaned a little closer and rubbed her cleavage in my face, and a bare nipple poked out of the blue bra...

"Don't you wish you could kiss this nipple? I remember in the pre-submissive days,&nbsp; Lionel...you loved to suck my titties."

She neatly tucked the pink nipple back into the top, and giggled.

"I remember that I reduced your boob consumption to rewards, then just birthdays, and&nbsp; of&nbsp; course Alan didn't like you playing with my tits, so now you just get to kiss my brassiere on your birthday.&nbsp; Must be rough."

I bit my lip, over come with self-pity. It had been a long time since I'd kissed her honeys.

Trixie ran a magenta toenail on my&nbsp; penis, and laughed as the veins bulged on my shaft.

"You're such a brave little soldier, Lionel...

I'm sure you can rub out several orgasms, rolling&nbsp; on the floor, even with your hands locked up.

And then, while I'm gone,&nbsp; you can focus on what you're getting me for&nbsp; Christmas next month.&nbsp; Maybe a tennis bracelet, honey?"

Trixie put a little lipstick on and winked as she sat in front of my sweating face.

I looked up at Trix and now she was leaning&nbsp; over me, her hair spilling on the bare shoulders, and the round, pale white tops of her cleavage almost falling out of the bikini top.

My cock began lengthening again as I thought of her awesome curves, and&nbsp; I felt the intense pinch of the floor hook.

I gritted my teeth. I wondered if part of my foreskin would rip off if I moved suddenly.

Trix ran a long pink tongue over her upper lip.

"Lionel, honey, I was just thinking of when you were locked up, babe...

And we had that orgy at the&nbsp; Olmstead's."

Trixie laughed again, and the curls bounced and spread on her shoulders.

"By the end of the party, everyone had had an orgasm but you, remember?"

Oh, that tinkling laugh.

"I even used your Platinum Visa to order some strippers and hookers to come and screw...and you had to eat them all out....

But your dick was still stapled with the Prince Albert, what fun that was.

I had told you if you sucked everyone off, boys and girls, I might let you jerk off at the end of the evening, but then I changed my mind, and poor Lionel,&nbsp; you cried."

Trixie ran her finger under my sensitive frenulum area, giggling. She leaned over, kissing my ear sloppily.

"You kept going 'it's not fair' like a little girl denied her&nbsp; ice cream. Everyone thought you were hilarious."

"I remember you were in tears at one point, and so I told you to kneel in the corner until you could compose yourself. Kind of like&nbsp; if you were my kid and you were having a tantrum...right?"

 That had been awful, but yet so arousing. Everyone else was fucking and sucking, and I had had my mouth and anus used by almost everyone (men and women) at the party, but at the last moment Trix had reneged on her promise to let jerk off...

Now my cock was swelling incredibly, and of course that meant that the hook in my tip was really hurting. But on the other hand, I was very aroused.

"I don't want you to be lonely tonight" Trixie murmured. "While you're rubbing Mr. Happy here against the floor, I'm going to leave your cell on speaker, next to you so you can listen to Alan and I getting it on.

I'm so considerate aren't&nbsp; I sweetie?"

After listening to Trix's clicking heels going back up the basement stairs, I began rubbing my cock against the little loop that hooked it into the floor.

The stimulation was feeling pretty good, but still there was that searing pain from the piercing. And, of course I couldn't get my hands out of the handcuffs.

The cell was on speaker, and I listened dismally as darling Beatrix joked with Alan about the situation she'd put me in.

"Your husband must be such a fuckin' wimp, Trix."&nbsp; Alan's voice came out&nbsp; from the phone.

"You don't know the half of it. It' s unbelievable that I'm married to such a sissy-fag, but the lifestyle is pretty good."

"Yeah, and you really did teach him how to suck a mean dick, didn't you ?"

As I sobbed silently, my cock grew against the lock, and I thought of a few weeks before, when Trix had gone out of town with Alan, but she'd left me in the company of five hard core Leather Masters.
 
It had been one really tough week in a hard-core dungeon in Hobson Heights, where the gay underbelly was located.

I'd been whipped, and burned, and given hard core cocksucking lessons. When I'd seen Trixie again, she'd undressed for me, briefly, and I had cried with joy at being with a nice feminine, naked woman again.

Because of course I'm not a fag. I'm just a very obedient submissive male.

I just remembered that night at being reunited with my very female wife, and covering her naked body with kisses...

And now, a few weeks later, in this damp cellar...after Trixie had gotten up the stairs, she'd switched off the light, and I was now encased in darkness.

All I could hear was the lovemaking between Trix and Alan, and of course the feeling of the cuffs locking my wrists, and the severe pain in my frenulum, where the piercing was.

But thinking about being a wimpy cuckold, and the lovemaking that was going on with my wife and Alan gave me an aroused feeling...so I kept rubbing my dick against the floor.

I was starting to feel the iced teas I 'd had for dinner. My bladder was starting to really hurt.

Trixie had trained me to hold my bladder in...but it had been a cruel experience!

Sylvan fascinated me in that before he'd had his transsexual operation, Trixie had trained him to not only hold his bladder, but in fact wear a catheter that had a little baloon inside his penis.

Trixie would put a bit of lube right on the tip of&nbsp; Sylvan's penis right at the urethra. until she got to the bladder sphincter muscle, and then she&nbsp; would attach the pipe to a leg-bag, so when Sylvan was finally allowed to pee, it would go directly into the bag, and then he would be forced to drink it.

Fortunately, after Sylvan had the operation and became "Sylvia" this procedure ended, but it was grim when it was going on...watching a grown man beg to urinate, and seeing him in obvious bladder pain was really a horrific sight.

In my situation, usually when Trixie forbade me to pee, it was without a catheter, and just with the threat of&nbsp; punishment.

Currently, at work, I was on a pee schedule that I could pee three or four times a day, at eight a.m. at noon, at six and then again twice in the late evening. Sometimes when Trixie was out with a boyfriend, I would&nbsp; text her and beg to let me pee in the early morning if&nbsp; my bladder was full, and she'd either give permission or deny it, which meant sometimes I wet the bed, and then I was in for a horrible whipping.

And of course sometimes Trixie would me write a thousand times "I am a worthless bladder pig" before she'd let me pee, and this might take several hours.

Sometimes Trixie would lift up my scrotum and tie a&nbsp; chain&nbsp; onto my penile shaft, and occasionally suspend me like this from the ceiling...

Then she'd forbid me to try and pee!

But generally it would be a matter of Trixie just having me&nbsp; dance in front of her and begging to be released...

So I was supposedly well trained in keeping&nbsp; my piss in for this evening of having my dick locked to the floor, right?



My nipples were horribly mangled by now, the clothespins just weren't fooling around.


If I rubbed too hard, my piercing gave me a little stab, and then I'd have to wait till the pain went down before I resumed rubbing my cock.

I knew I was lucky, because a previous time when I'd been locked by my dick to the floor...

I'd been rubbing hard and just as I was on the verge of cumming, Trixie had come down and thrown ice-cold water all over me.

But fortunately, tonight, or unfortunately, she was out on her date with Alan.

"Honey, I love your lip gloss" Alan's voice came. "It looks like bubble gum."

"Yup." Trixie's voice came . "I am looking so forward to sucking your cock in the car after dinner. You always cum like a fire hose."

Even before we had begun doing female domination in the marriage, Trix had never really been enthusiastic about giving me blowjobs. 

She always told me we had a beautiful intellectual friendship, but that there wasn't a lot of physical chemistry there. I of course disagreed. I thought my Trixie stunning!

And, as the marriage went on, Trixie had found more and more reasons not to be undressed around me, even asking me to leave the room when she changed her clothes.

I was crying over her pushing me away one night when Trixie was wearing a particularly low cut, stunning body stocking, and she got really annoyed.

"Well spank me then." I said, sobbing, and she did, giving me, as she said "something to cry about."

Trixie had had a previous husband, Jeremiah, who she told me was also a "little bitch" Jeremiah's mother had loaned Trixie a big thick hairbrush after their wedding. 

This had been with an enigmatic wink on the mother-in-law's part. Jeremiah had lived with his mom until he was nearly forty, and the hairbrush had been in almost constant use, Trixie discovered later.

On their honeymoon, Trixie had taken down Jeremiah's pajama bottoms and whaled away after he whined about over-tipping the bellboy. 

The bellboy had been open mouthed, watching the corporal punishment, but had been happy when Jeremiah had given him a fifty dollar bill to just get out of the suite.

"I put Jeremiah in the corner, with no bottoms at all after the spanking" Trix had told me dreamily, "and he didn't get to fuck me that night."

Trixie had ended up taking Jeremiah's pants down and whipping him in the car, in the dressing room at Macy's, and quite often in Jeremiah's office at the brokerage where they had both worked.

Jeremiah was big enough to have fought Trixie off, but instead he had always just taken his whipping with some sobbing, and then furtively jerked off in the corner. It was quite sad.

Trixie had begun fighting with&nbsp; Jeremiah over whether he should be allowed to watch endless football on the weekends (Mother had never allowed this) and so when Jeremiah's friends came over for a game, Trixie dressed Jeremiah as "Dina" in a pink tutu and full makeup and had him serve the fellows beer on a&nbsp; tray...

And after that Jeremiah had been content to just spend his Saturdays polishing the silver!

"I began fucking Jeremiah's friends, and sometimes letting&nbsp; Jeremiah crouch in the back seat of the car...and when he bitched, I emptied the car ashtray in his mouth!"

Beatrix was one evil lady back in the day!

After Jeremiah and&nbsp; Trixie had divorced, and we'd married, Trix had learned of my similar fantasies...
She had put Jeremiah in chastity after too much masturbation, the Prince Albert very similar to mine...and kept him locked even after the marital split.

Jeremiah would come to visit now and then when he arrived in Hobson Bend on a business trip, and Trixie would get quite amused...

Jeremiah would give her expensive jewelry and would beg quite a bit, and then Trixie might give him the key and let him jerk off. 

Since this was once every four months or so (As Jeremiah had moved back in with Mom, who didn't like him to leave town).

Jeremiah's dick would be almost numb from long-term denial, and it would be a while before he actually was able to shoot.

Sometimes, regretfully, Trixie would have me suck Jeremiah off if she was mad at me...

Then she got into an interesting habit of having us both strip, and viewing our erections, with the metal&nbsp; loops just under the cockheads. 

Trixie would take the little padlock that she used to lock me to the loop in the floor, and instead use it to connect both loops, so Jeremiah and I couldn't separate.

We were locked together by our cocks!

After this, Trix would cuff my hands behind my head, and Jeremiah's behind his head, and tell us we could&nbsp; enjoy the weekend...

And then she'd go out of town with her current boyfriend.

There would be food laid out, and here I'd be, locked cruelly to the ex-husband who I didn't know well, and frankly didn't like much.

I'm a limousine liberal, and Jeremiah is a Rush Limbaugh fan...so we would spew at each other as we negotiated around the apartment...

Our hands were so limited and we'd have to lean down on the table to eat from a bowl with our mouths.

(The food darling Trix left was usually oatmeal with cigarette butts in it.)

Still, after she returned, and gave us enemas and unlocked us, we were both terribly aroused by the whole thing, and jerked off as soon as we got permission!

Often, to keep me obedient, Trixie would keep me as chaste as&nbsp; Jeremiah...so we both only got to cum when he came to town. 
Still, it was better for me,&nbsp; because at least&nbsp; I got the stimulation of my wife, who would unlock me and tease a lot, and of course I spent quite a bit of time going down on her.

Poor Jeremiah had to live with his aging mother, who gave him non-stop discipline, but of course no sexual favors.

Jeremiah's mother would whip Jeremiah for bringing his paycheck home to her with an&nbsp; opened envelope. Jeremiah would beg the accounting department to seal the damn thing, but they would forget...

I would think of poor Jeremiah, his mother pulling his pants down and going at it with a hairbrush or a wooden spoon...when Jeremiah visited, I would see the scars from the occasional razor strop whipping.

Thinking of it now, as I was locked to the floor, I felt I was at least a little lucky, right?

Now I began rubbing my cock once again against the cruel piercing.

The cell phone was going wild as&nbsp; Beatrix and&nbsp; Alan were apparently getting it on in my Lexus. I rarely got to drive&nbsp; my Lexus, (Trix made me take the bus to work).

The moaning was incredible.&nbsp; Now and then Trix would breathe into her cell phone, letting me know that I was just a pathetic little faggot who didn't deserve anything but to fuck the floor in her basement.

"Trying to rub it out again, are you Lionel?" Trixie's laugh was infectious, but not to me.

"Remember when you rubbed your dick on the floor in the attic and got splinters, and I had to pull them out with tweezers...that was hilarious!"

Trix and her memories.

Alan's voice came. "That guy is such a moron, Trixie. I would tell you to leave him, but I&nbsp; love using his Platinum&nbsp; card, man. I haven't had a job in months."

"Don't worry, Alan" came&nbsp; Trixies voice. "Your job is to fuck me hard."

Yeah, I thought bitchily, since Alan dropped out of seventh grade when he was fifteen.


My nipples were searing at this point. Still,&nbsp; it was better than the time that&nbsp; Trixie had run a&nbsp; wire through the piercings in my nipples and hung me by them for an hour while fucking Alan right in front of me...

But I had to admit it, back in the day Trixie had never really been attracted to me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I remember from time t o time, how Trixie had told me early on in the marriage that she didn't feel&nbsp; like letting me touch her...and of course poor Jeremiah had gone through this.

But as bad as pounding my&nbsp; pud in front of Trix as she was in a cute camisole every night was, this was worse, since I'd not had an orgasm in some time.

I kept trying to focus, knowing that I could&nbsp; at least get myself off, maybe&nbsp; twice, on the floor before Trixie and her idiot boyfriend came back.

Again the cell phone began humming. 

"Lionel honey, have you cum yet? You've been listening to us, and I've had about five orgasms, and&nbsp; Alan's had about three...

You have a lot to lick out of my wee-wee and anus when I get home, babe!"

"No Miss Trixie (sigh) I've gotten close, but I haven't cum yet...and I really have to pee."

Hurriedly I said, "I really appreciate you letting me have the opportunity to cum, though, painful as this is, being locked to the floor."

"Hon, I changed my mind, I want you not to cum. I know I gave&nbsp; you all those chores to do today and told you that I'd give you a break, but ....

I just want you to edge yourself, or just lie there. Don't rub one out, that's an order."

Near tears, I asked why.

"Alan says he thinks you don't deserve to cum. Alan thinks you're a whiny little bitch--"

Then Alan's voice interrupted. "You little queer, I'm going to whip your ass with m y belt when I get back there. If you can take it without crying tomorrow, I might let you jerk off on my boot while I stomp your balls with the other heel...

And then make you lick your mess&nbsp; off my shoe!"

I began blubbering. I had been rubbing my dick against the floor for a couple of hours. My arms were in pain from being behind my head, and I was terribly aroused.

I then began kicking my legs against the floor&nbsp; and screaming...it was a tantrum, but still how fair was this to me?

But the cell phone just laughed and laughed.

And I couldn't just sleep and wait for them, there was no pillow. I was drooling into my face, which of course was pressed into the floor.

"Please, Miss Beatrix, let me cum. I've really earned it."

"No you have to ask Master Alan." Trix was overwhelmed with mirth at this point.

I just couldn't call this moron Master Alan. He was such a piece of shit.

Trixie had met Alan after she'd gotten a drunk driving ticket and had gone to&nbsp; traffic school. Fresh out of Hobson Penitentiary, he also had been snagged as a drug addled, drunk driver.

"Please Master Alan...give me a break." Oh God.

"No no, I'm going to 

fuck you in the ass and then&nbsp; maybe have you suck&nbsp; your shit off my dick, Lionel."

Then came&nbsp; Trixie's voice. "You could clean yourself up,&nbsp; get the shit out of your ass with a douche or an enema--"

I heard Trixie talking to Alan.

"My ex-husband, Jeremiah is forty-six, and his mother gives him enemas every&nbsp; Sunday."

"But Trixie, I can't give myself an enema, I'm locked up."

And I knew that Alan wouldn't be able to wait when they got back, he was such a horny little twenty-three year old.

Again the cell&nbsp; phone exploded with giggles.

"That's right. I forgot. You can't clean&nbsp; yourself up because you let me lock you up with your hands behind your head...

And your penis nailed basically to the floor, that's hilarious,&nbsp; isn't&nbsp; it?"

Trixie paused, and I began blubbering silently.

"God honey, I remember when I lost interest in you sexually--"

"How could you fuck the loser in the first place?" Alan's voice again interrupted.

"Well, anyhow, I recall you, Lionel, coming up to me and begging me to go to bed with you again, or just to let you touch my tits...and yet you seemed so aroused because I was rejecting you."

"What a fucking perv" came Alan's voice disgustedly.


Yes, I remembered that well, Trix sitting in the living room in a tight tank top, boobs swelling, and short-shorts, looking at me contemptuously.

"I remember that you kept begging, Lionel, and I told you that you were pathetic.

Yes,&nbsp; and then I remember telling you to take off your clothes so I could see if your little dickie-bird had gotten any bigger.

But of course&nbsp; it had become a stiffie...

Still a tiny&nbsp; stiffie, right? Who'd want to fuck that?"

I began sobbing at my situation, thinking of how I was so rejected by the only girl I ever loved. As I couldn't move much, I&nbsp;&nbsp; just banged&nbsp; my head against the floor.

And again, my&nbsp; bladder was almost rupturing.

I had to be careful not to pee, though--Miss Trixie had more than once&nbsp; used&nbsp; an electric iron on my poor penis.

I suppose it wasn't as bad as Trixie's ex-husband Jeremiah's deal. Jeremiah had to be home from work every day at six...

Or his mother would give him the hairbrush and the razor strop...

And then make Jeremiah dress in a frilly petticoat and jump rope in the front yard.

Jeremiah's mother always wanted a girl.

Back before Jeremiah meet Trixie, he had at least had refuge in masturbatory sessions with Victoria's Secret catalogues, but the poor man was now constantly locked up, with no hope of release!

Mother put Jeremiah to bed every night at seven-thirty, even though he was nearly fifty years old, and all he could do was lie there, endlessly horny, dreaming of when he'd get to see Mistress Trixie again.

Sometimes Mother would send a note with Jeremiah when he visited Trixie, telling her that Jeremiah didn't deserve to be unlocked, and Trixie would send Jeremiah back, in absolute heartbreak...

I at least had regular teasing from Trixie going on, she would lock my hands up and take the piercing off and rub and stroke my erection with her long French nails, and sometimes she wore really hot little lingerie outfits.

Of course at the end of an hour or two, I'd be locked up again with no chance of orgasm, but I'd had a little stimulation and I really believed that my darling Beatrix loved me.

My penis was incredibly full of semen and of course urine tonight and I was trying desperately not to let either out.

Trixie could wield a mean strap, and of course Alan was a committed sadist.

I had brought back a bullwhip when we'd been touring Italy, and it was used on me quite frequently...

But the cell phone went silent, and I dozed off...

I was awakened with my face in a puddle of drool on the floor. There was an intense pain in my side, and it was because I was being kicked just above my hip with a leather stiletto boot.

I looked up blearily from my terribly cramped&nbsp; position and glimpsed an obese African American transvestite.

"Wuzz up?" it asked. "I be named Doremus."

Clad in bright makeup and grotesque neon red lipstick, with press-on nails and wearing a shimmering short dress, this she-male was disgusting, especially&nbsp; as beneath her pancake makeup there was five o'clock shadow competing with the rouge purchased from Max Factor.

"How you doing?" Doremus asked kindly. "A lady down on the strip gave me a hundred dollars to come unlock you and let you pee before you mess up her floor."

Doremus looked mystified. "What kind of fool would let hisself be tied up like that, with his pecker locked to the floor?"

I was starting to wonder that myself.

"White people are crazy." the drag queen observed sagely.

Greatly amused at my penile-floor restraint, Doremus bent down and unlocked the&nbsp; little padlock connecting&nbsp; me to the floor, and then re-secured my penis to&nbsp; my&nbsp; scrotum despite my protests.

I evidently was not going to get to jerk off...

"Beatrix say to jus' lock you up so you don't play with yo-self. She say you piss sitting down like a little bitch, so go do dat now.

Trixie done tole me that when the stalls are filled up in the shitter at yo' work, you piss yo' Brooks Brothers pants cause you can't use the urinal with that piercing."

The black tranny thought this was hilarious as I blushed and ran upstairs to relieve myself, my hands still locked behind my neck.

"I know who you is" Doremus said when I returned to the living room. "Back in the day, when you was in college, an' I knew dat cause you had a Hobson State U. sticker on yo' Miata convertible..."

Giggling, the drag queen knocked the clothespins off my nipples and I screamed.

"You and yo' fraternity buddies use to come down to the strip at 18th Avenue and Hobson Boulevard and throw yo' empty Budweiser cans at us ladyboy ho's."

This was true. It was unfortunate that Doremus had such a good memory.&nbsp; He/she could do me some violence, there were muscles under that shiny dress.

Would this ambiguous creature decide to kill me in revenge?


"Uh, that was a long time ago...1991? I'm much more progressive sexually as you can see from my situation here..."

"One of y'all threw a rusty van and it got caught in my friend's eye, and now she have to wear a glass eye. We was real mad at you."

"Doremus, it was an unfortunate time of..."

"I am dyslexic, so I couldn't get yo' license plate, but I am going to bring Cherry Forever, who only have one eye to yo' house, and you going to get sued."

"Uh, the statute of limitations..."

What the hell was wrong with Trixie, putting me in this absurd situation, goddamnit.


As I said, I was standing there naked in the parlor with my hands locked behind my head, listening to Doremus's life story and her series of peculiar assaults on my character. I was a Hobson State sophomore, for God's sake...


Doremus began getting heated at the memory of my long past behavior, and then she began slapping me.

One slap was so hard that my nose began bleeding slightly, and then Doremus punched me and my lip also began to leak claret.

Then Doremus informed me that Trixie had instructed him/her to get a blowjob from me as partial payment before she left.

Well, I'm here to tell you that black men are notoriously well hung, even the she-males.

Since I couldn't really move my hands, Doremus grabbed my ears, threw me to my knees, and skull fucked me for twenty minutes.

There was a lot of choking and gagging on my&nbsp; part, and under Doremus's dress I viewed lice in her none-too trimmed&nbsp; pubic thatch.

And I am also afraid our Doremus didn't bathe a great deal. There was a&nbsp; turgid musk around the crotch that will be poisoning my memory for some time.

To say nothing of listening to Doremus groan and moan as I was going at it, slurping and gagging away on that anaconda between her garters.

Still, I was tremendously aroused at this humiliation. 

The penis was almost bigger than my mouth and I grew to have compassion for the girls I used to watch in the deep throating porn films.

Finally Doremus came so hard that the scum almost rolled out of my ears. Then we rested a bit.

"I just playin' about Cherry Forever coming over here about the glass eye. She died of AIDS a year back. I don't have AIDS or nothin' yet...maybe some herpes."

My stomach did a non charming somersault...

Doremus then lit a joint that I am afraid may have been infected with PCP.

Doremus began reminiscing again about my collegiate follies, and he/she became so enraged at the memories, that the violence started up again.

Doremus stomped my pierced and shackled genitalia into the shag carpet, and then when I arose again, panting, Doremus kicked me in the nuts.

I was still incredibly horny over this...evidence I am a sick&nbsp; man.

Homophobia is like Karma, methinks. After this, Doremus lifted up her skirt once more and had me fellate her to completion yet again, and then showed&nbsp; me what it was like to eat out a black man's asshole.

Analingus is not what it's cracked up to be.

"I am really sorry, Doremus. Let me write you a check for what I put you through." 

I was starting to realize what a pig I was in college...

"No, I chose this life, Li'nel." Doremus said, smiling.

"Thirty years ago I was Councilman Hovey Ollinger, in charge of the Nordholm Fifth District...you know, across the Hobson Rivah?"

"Yes, really, you were Councilman Ollinger? I read your book, "From Prison to Power" for Political Science class."

"Uh huh..." I was a Pentecostal preacher, an' had two wives, five kids, and nine grand-children...so miserable though..."
"But you marched with Dr. King back in the day!"

"Yup, but then after I read "Letter from Watersford" and "Letter from Dee-Troit" you know, to Shoeblossom the advice guy? "

"I think I've heard of him..."

"I realized what I wanted was to be a she-male prostitute...and I've always been happy this way...

You should write to Shoeblossom yo' own self."

Finally, my wrists were unlocked and Doremus, snorting, left.


Eventually there was a knock at the door. It was now early morning, and the birds were chirping.

Why was there knocking? Had Trix lost the key? That would be odd, since Alan also had a key to my house.

I had dressed by then, and opened the door to find&nbsp; my wife's ex-husband Jeremiah standing there on the porch, looking rather pathetic.

I had not expected to see Jeremiah until his scheduled business trip next month.

"I've been fired" Jeremiah explained to me wearily.

 "I forgot to do the breakfast dishes one day last week, and Mother, who has slight dementia...

She showed up at the office mid-day and pulled my pants down right at the water cooler, and whipped me, in front of the secretaries."

"Mother is insane, but she has all the cash since I give her my weekly paycheck and just get a small allowance." Jeremiah said.

"So after I was fired from the firm, and blackballed at every brokerage in town, I&nbsp; hitchhiked....

Yes, all the way from Armishaw, and the truck driver who picked me up near Vianney made me blow him all the way to Hobson County.

How do these people instinctively know we're submissives, Lionel?"


Jeremiah sighed, and wiped his face.

"You know, all my problems are resulting from my submissive tendencies. I was&nbsp; a therapist, and director at Ulbricht Neuropsychiatric Center here in Hobson Bend for many years.
After the divorce from Trixie, I was exposed in an attack piece on a local BDSM dungeon, the "Nefertiti Nemiroff's Thumbscrew Palace." For this, I lost my position at the hospital, and was forced to go into private practice.

Then I was hired to evaluate the sanity of Mistress Martine,&nbsp; who had somehow hypnotized a local businessman to embezzle millions of dollars...

Martine was a Goth princess with ink black hair and bright red&nbsp; lips, and the first time she came to my office, I think she must have hypnotized me as well,&nbsp; as she pulled my penis out of my Armani pants and put it in my drawer and slammed it...

One day my receptionist walked in on Martine peeing in my mouth on the therapeutic couch, and there was a malpractice suit and I lost everything. I could no longer practice therapy and was unemployable.

I was further involved with Martine, and she endeavored to get me and four other submissives&nbsp; to rob a bank, and I ended up serving twenty-seven months in prison.

I was lucky--one of Martine's other slaves, former basketball center forward Heaton Vorse, captain of the Hobson Hobgoblins was shot by a guard in the bank and kept babbling about being Martine's worm as he was taken away...I think he's still in a rubber room.

When I got out of prison, I went to see Trixie who had just married you. She realized I was in a confused state and she put me in the Prince Albert chastity piercing.

She told me to get a job and find a way to come bring her tributes, and she would let me orgasm if I deserved it.


Of course I was dead broke so I went home to Mother. I told Mother I would secure employment, but of course as a parolee, it was difficult.

My psychiatric career of twenty years was gone, and I had to start all over again.

Even though I was an ex-con, Mother thought I was not trying hard enough to get a job, so every day&nbsp; I came home unemployed, Mother would take my trousers and underwear down and whip my buttocks with her hairbrush and a razor strop.

Then, while I was sobbing in the corner, with my pants at half mast, Mother would instruct the grinning housekeeper, Odile, a contemptuous and forbidding blonde woman to give me chores to do around the house...and to report to Mother if I didn't do them well.

Odile was cruelly mirthful about my peculiar status as Mother's adult son. She found it quite amusing that I was often kept naked around the house while she and Mother were clothed.

I was terrible at housework, and Odile would use a white glove to check for dust, and then summon Mother, or sometimes take matters into her own pretty hands...

 Odile enjoyed swinging a Ping-Pong paddle on my bare buttocks as I bent over the side of the bathtub, screaming in agony.

Onesimus, Odile's brother was our gardener and with Mother's enthusiastic encouragement, would have me&nbsp; raking the yard in the nude.

Onesimus would discipline me with thorny rose branches as Mother clapped from the window. I was trained as a good cocksucker while in prison, and Onesimus often took advantage of this.

Finally I got a job as an office boy at&nbsp; Battenham and Newburgh, where an uncle of mine had been a partner. I applied to have my sentence expunged from the record...

Then I began studying for the Series Seven exam, which you must take to be a broker in the securities industry, and to work on the Stock Exchange.

Mother quizzed me on exam questions...all dull stuff about Collateralized Mortgage Obligations and that sort of thing.

I could not focus on this. 

My work as a therapist had been interesting, but numbers bored me silly. Mother whipped my butt bloody trying to teach me enough to pass the exam, but it didn't take, sadly.

I did finally get a job as a bond salesman, and so I was able to come and see darling Trixie every four months or so, and be allowed to masturbate, thank goodness!

At one point, Mother became sick, and Odile quit...(Odile now goes by "Mistress Cholera" and lives in Manhattan)

And I had some more more power around my life...

What with Mother bedridden...

And I began dating a nice normal girl, and it looked as if we might get married. We moved in together, and then one day, after Mother was feeling better, she came and paid us a visit...

And of course she and I got into an argument, and she pulled my pants down and whipped me right in front of my new girlfriend with a saucepan.

As I knelt, my pants around my ankles, weeping, my fiancee asked me if we should prosecute Mother, and I just shivered, and eventually moved back in with Mother, losing darling Faye forever.

The only comfort I got was being re-locked in the Prince Albert by Trixie, and then having my occasional visits with her...

Because Trixie is, and will always be, wonderful!...

And you know, Lionel...

Trixie makes it worth everything!" Jeremiah looked happy for the first time since he'd shown up.

I thought of how Ariadne had caught us, me naked, and Trixie administering the enema...and how Ari had&nbsp; left, but&nbsp; I didn't mind...

It was true...Trixie had a way of making you grateful you could jerk off!

We heard the key turn in the lock, and Trixie came in, thankfully without Allan. 

She looked tired but happy, her lipstick smudged and clearly, her stockings awry under the miniskirt.


"Boys! Lionel! Li, how was your night? Jerry, what are you doing here?"

Jeremiah, weeping, told Trixie his story about his mother having the meltdown at work, while I went and made them coffee.

When I entered the living room again, Trix was still dressed and sitting with her adorable legs crossed on the sofa. Jeremiah, however was naked and kneeling in front of her, his pudgy little form looking a bit welted, probably&nbsp; from his insane mother's attentions. 

Trixie was fondling Jeremiah's locked penis, and she was shaking her head smiling a little.

"It's such a pitiful little wee-wee, and I have to keep it pierced and guarded, don't I?"

"I'm so horny and tired, Miss Trixie." Jeremiah sobbed.&nbsp; 

"I thought of cutting the Prince Albert off, but I knew that I need to ask you for orgasms, out of respect. But can't I cum now? Between Mother's discipline and being fired, I need a break, ma'am."

It was interesting--the contrast between Jeremiah's strained and needy look, and Trixie's mature and relaxed demeanor was startling.

"P-please Miss Trixie, It's been seventy four days since I got to release myself, and I'm so horny and tired."

Listening to Jeremiah, I was a little pissed...as I was in the same situation!

Jeremiah continued babbling as he stared down at Trixie's shiny fire engine red nails running up and down his bloated cock, secured as it was&nbsp; in the cruel loop to his scrotal sack.

The Prince Albert piercing doesn't fool around!

"I remember, cutie" Trix smiled...

"I made you jerk off by rubbing your penis against the dining room chair over there, the last time you got a release. I kept throwing darts at your ass,&nbsp; so you had to dance around the chair leg, rubbing your wiener desperately against it, to get an orgasm within the thirty minutes I'd given you to release."

Trixie was a big believer that a man should cum quickly, not to waste her time, and then&nbsp; lick up his seed as soon as possible.

Then of course he should be re-locked. If I didn't cum within the time she gave me, usually ten to twenty minutes of a supervised masturbation, Trixie would lock me up again, usually for months without an appeal.

Trixie laughed uproariously as she rubbed around Jeremiah's bulging, bent, and pierced penis.

"And, Jeremiah I recall that the four months before that time, when I let you cum, I made you do sit-ups every night for 90 days--or do they call them crunches now?

So you would be able to be an autofellatrix and suck your own cock. That was glorious!"

Trixie had put a film of Jeremiah and I doing autofellatio on the Internet, and it had been very humiliating, even if&nbsp; we were wearing&nbsp; Lone Ranger masks (but nothing else).

"Jerry, lick the cum&nbsp; out of my ass!"

Jeremiah complied&nbsp; as Trixie stood before him..and then&nbsp; he licked the cum out of her quim, and then brought Trixie to a tremendous orgasm...

And then she peed in his face, but Jerry caught it neatly in his mouth...

And then Trix sat back down and began stroking Jeremiah's wounded manhood in such an evil, teasing way...stopping and starting till the poor boy almost had a nervous breakdown!

Jeremiah was now weeping with frustration, his little hands were balled into fists and he shook his head.

"I've been through so much, Miss Trixie. Mother has caused me to lose my job in the brokerage industry, and now I am blackballed as both a psychotherapist and a brokerage salesman."

Trixie began giggling helplessly.

I considered...It was quite fortunate that I had inherited money, as well as owning my own corporation, as I could easily have lost a job through my evil wife's ministrations.

"Okay, Lionel.&nbsp; I want you to lock Jeremiah's hands behind his head, so I can take the Prince Albert piercing off his poor wee-wee."

Trixie snapped her fingers and I jumped to it.

I couldn't get over how hot my wife looked, even after last night and dozens of Alan's hickeys on her nubile white neck.

After I'd locked Jeremiah's hands I took off my own clothing in a sort of hint that I'd like to be unlocked as well, and knelt, watching my wife and her previous husband.

Did I have a chance at orgasm? Trix could be quite the martinet about this whole business,&nbsp; and I really had been getting desperate.

It was funny, because you read about chastity and denial, and it sounds so sexy, but then day after day...constant teasing by a beautiful girl can make a fellow a bit looney.

It seemed so unfair that Trix kept changing her mind about when I would get to cum...

My younger brother, Leland, had counseled me to just get a bolt cutter, and&nbsp; take&nbsp; off the&nbsp; Prince Albert.

"And throw the bitch out, Lionel!" Lee was quite adamant about this.

"You've spent so much money on Trixie--you set her up in an antiques shop that went broke, and she's wrecked your cars, drunk..."

Lee had reminded me of the old days when the two of us raised hell as young brigands with a sports car. Our dad had routinely cheated on our mom, and taken us to whorehouses as soon as we were out of high school...

Women had often referred to us as "mysoginistic playboys" and I'd been twice divorced before meeting Trixie, who turned me into a whimpering sissy-fag!

Leland had become quite annoyed when I'd stopped hanging out with him. Trix felt that it was more productive of me to polish silverware and take her shopping than going to football games or shooting pool with my brother and our friends.

Once, Lee had walked in when Trixie was raping me with a huge strap-on dildo, and I had cried with humiliation.

Lee had tried to leave, but Trixie had given&nbsp; Lee the high sign, and they'd fucked while I cowered in front of them...

After that I didn't see my brother much anymore. Fucking my wife and&nbsp; seeing me with toenail polish and clamps on my nipples was just too&nbsp; much for the somewhat conservative Leland!

And here I was after having spent the night locked to the floor by a piercing...and dealing with my wife and her crazy ex-husband!

Now Jeremiah was standing in front of Trixie, as she continued to sit casually on the couch, sipping her coffee.

Jeremiah's penis had been unlocked from its piercing, and now Trix&nbsp; was toying with it with one manicured finger, while tickling Jeremiah's ball sack with the other hand.


"Jeremiah, you're such a little controlling homo, you know that?"

Jeremiah looked up, startled.

Trixie's voice continued, so casual and soft.

"Just trying to manipulate everyone, it's disgusting."

Suddenly Trix picked up the coffee I'd given her and poured a boiling drop onto the head of Jeremiah's tortured member...and he screamed.

First degree burn!

Jeremiah's penis shriveled a little bit, and Trix laughed.

Jeremiah burst into tears and Trixie giggled more.

He did look a little silly, naked kneeling in the&nbsp; nude, with his hands locked behind his head...and his penis with a big red mark on the crown.

"I'm just trying to slow you down, a little. Jeremiah you have to calm yourself. You don't want to cum too fast, do you?"

"N-no Miss Trixie." Jeremiah said in a tiny little voice, his lower lip trembling. He stared down at the long red mark on his denied penis.

Things had not been going well.

"I just love how your voice gets all high when you are pleading with me, Jeremiah. It was like that during the years of our marriage. You're such a sad little creature. Remember the time I fucked your&nbsp; younger brother while you stood nearby, naked except for your socks, crying as if your heart would break?"


I am starting to understand that in long term chastity, things just seem to delve into the darkness!

I felt so badly for Jeremiah, who&nbsp;&nbsp; looked as if he might jump off a bridge.

I could remember Trixie and I going to party with another couple, and I'd expect the girls would dom the two husbands, but then...

Trixie would order me to just strip and kneel in the corner, not even getting to see the ladies undress...

And Trix and the other wife would punish fuck with the other husband, lucky guy...

And I'd be forced to suck the other husband's cock before we went home!

And I'd drive Trix home while crying, and still locked!

Or sometimes Trix would make me get in the trunk, stark naked (once in February) and leave me in the car trunk for the entire evening after she'd driven me home.

So Jeremiah was not the only one who had suffered, right?

Now, Trixie was rubbing Jeremiah's cock just a little faster.

"You've got to work things out with your mother, Jeremiah."

Trix flicked one of Jeremiah's nipples and he flinched.

"You really only have the maturity of a bad son who needs an early bedtime and regular corporal punishment...your mother knows what you need."

Trixie's soft hands were making Jeremiah's penis crazy. He was breathing heavily, and trembling all over, and his hands were desperately trying to get away from where they were locked on the back of his neck.


And still he argued.

"No, I hate Mother. Couldn't I stay here, Miss Trixie? I could get a job."

I was so upset hearing this idea, I didn't mind sharing Trix with other lovers, but I would hate sharing her with another submissive full time.

Trixie snorted. 

"I have Lionel here, Jeremiah. He's much hotter than you are, or at least a little bit. You are a slave of the past, just like Sylvan, who is Sylvia...

I'd get Sylvia to be your domme, but she's submissive too, and such a weak little transsexual."

I was mildly thrilled&nbsp; that Trix had said this, and it reassured me of my&nbsp; place in her life. But of course Jeremiah's fat little cheeks were covered with tears.

"I did subject Lionel to Doremus, a tranny fella...it was so good for him this morning, right honey?"

I was silent.

"Jeremiah, all you'd be good for is servicing the excess men in my life."

Trix pulled her skimpy top off and waved her bikini clad cleavage in front of the panting Jeremiah as she pulled his penis faster and faster.

Jeremiah began panting more, and really shaking, like a volcano about to erupt.

As he seemed to be approaching orgasm (I was so jealous) Jeremiah began to get very still, and&nbsp; he focused on being on the verge...he couldn't let this chance go to waste.

Even if Trixie let him cum by accident, or pulled her hand away just after he shot to ruin the orgasm, or gave&nbsp; him a thrashing post explosion to punish Jeremiah for cumming without permission, it would be worth it...

As Jeremiah was so horny, and sex starved, and had this horrific pressure behind his balls.

Now and then Trixie milked my anus to get the pressure off my testicles, but she'd never done this for Jeremiah, so he'd always had to sort of lug his testicles around.

Now he was just at the peak...he was going to cum goddamn it...she was rubbing.....

And then, just as he was about to spurt, Trixie's fingers slowed down a bit.

"Easy boy...you want to rush things? After being locked up for so long...

Don't you want to savor this experience, and make it last?"

Trix was a wicked tease. She let go of Jeremiah's cock and leaned back, laughing more...

And Jeremiah, arms helplessly connected behind his head, burst into fresh tears.

Trixie motioned for me to come over and kneel next to Jeremiah.

The two of us now were naked and kneeling before this beautiful girl, two pudgy submissives.

"I'm going to count on you to keep your hands behind your head voluntarily, and without cuffs, honey. I've trained you well."

I nodded enthusiastically. I knew that if I failed her, Trixie would lock my wrists back up, and I'd had that all night. My wrists were still a bit numb.

As I kept my hands laced behind my head, Trix unlocked my piercing as well, and I gloried&nbsp; in her little elegant fingers toying with my schlong.

After just a touch or two, my long denied penis bulged from my crotch like an MX missile about to fire on Russia.

Trixie then leaned back in the&nbsp; couch and stuck her glorious longlegs out so that one foot was in front of each of our sweaty faces.


"So I want you boys to take my heels off with your mouths. I was thinking&nbsp; of stomping your little cocks, but&nbsp; I'm trying to be a nice girl."

I gingerly took the six inch spike heel of&nbsp; Trixie's right boot in my mouth and pulled it until it came off...

and then, as Trix nodded, I opened my mouth and the shoe dropped to the floor.


Trixie leaned over and&nbsp; slapped my face, hard.

"Don't just drop it like a dog with a stick, Lionel! Look how gently Jeremiah bends over, even with his balance handicapped by the cuffs behind his head....

See how Jeremiah takes my heel in his mouth, bends down and puts it carefully on the floor, you clumsy oaf!"


My eyes filled with tears, as my head rang from the smack. I'm such a fuck-up!

But then Trixie's eyes became forgiving and she leaned back and put a fishnetted foot on each of our crotches and began rubbing casually.

Trixie was reading from her "Collected Letters to Shoeblossom"..."Letter from the Corn Belt" by Mistress Eustacia, and laughing...

But she kept rubbing our wee- wees!

Oh...my cock was now, after having been cruelly in a bow for hours, standing straight up and&nbsp; feeling the scratchy little up and down from the fishnet stockings.

This felt wonderful to me, and evidently also to Jeremiah.

"Let's see if you boys can take a little pain with your pleasure"

What?

Trixie reached into her handbag.

"I just went to the hardware store."

What did that mean, was she going to use an electric drill on us?

But Beatrix pulled out two huge rat traps, the ones with the evil springs.

Jeremiah's eyes got wide as Trix leaned over to him.

Trixie quickly snapped on each of&nbsp; Jeremiah's nipples as he tried to back away while still on his knees.

He fell over, of course because his balance was altered, and Trixie swiftly picked up one of her spike heels and jabbed it into his side until Jeremiah had found his way up again and was in position in front of her once more.

And yes, he was still quite excited.

But Jeremiah began weeping softly. I couldn't blame him.

I thought that this&nbsp; would be spared me, the rat traps since I had the clothespins on my tits earlier, but no, Trix pulled two&nbsp; more traps out of her purse.

"Now you've been trained to keep your hands behind your neck, Lionel, and I depend on you not to let&nbsp; go, even if it's extremely painful."

Trixie gave me a big grin.

"Lace those fingers together. The pain will be a bit much!"

"Please&nbsp; Trix. I--my nipples are already in sad shape from having clothespins on them all night."

"Do you want a chance&nbsp; at cumming today, Lionel, or not?"

I bit my lip until it bled, enduring the rat traps on my nipples.

The biting was a phenomenal experience...

Then, a moment later, listening to the two of us moaning, Trixie must've gotten irritated. 

She hates whiners!

So Trixie grabbed her homemade riding crop, the straightened coat hanger.

Trix whacked Jeremiah's&nbsp; traps off, and he fell over once again in acute pain, and Trix had to drag him back to his kneeling position by his earlobe...

And then I knew I had to show Jeremiah up, and not move at all, even though I was not cuffed.
Trixie grinned as she whacked the first trap on my left nipple. It held on and she had to whack it two or three times, I felt somewhat faint... 

The intense pinching pain was making me nearly pass out, truly.


Then Trix hit the second nipple-trap and mercifully it came off as&nbsp; I screamed and bellowed, but I didn't move m y hands from behind my head.

I had hoped Trix would commend me for my tolerance, but she is not a wife who hands out compliments.

Trixie went back to playing her gorgeous feet against our splayed erections.

"Yes, guys, I had such a good time with Alan last night.&nbsp; 

Yes, he fucked me in all my holes." Trix said happily.

The soft foot slowed a bit and then Beatrix's toes tickled the tip of my cock, and&nbsp; I moaned loudly.

Trixie rubbed her foot just a little faster on&nbsp; my tumescent organ and I groaned...

And I began pushing my cum swollen penis even more against her soft little white foot.

The enforced friction must have annoyed Trixie.

My wife then took her foot quickly away, and Trix took up her trusty cut coat hanger and whacked my penis, hard.

The sting was like a bolt of lightning, and I had to fight inwardly to keep from removing my hands from my head and grabbing my poor dick.

I looked over, weeping and the smirking Jeremiah was giving me quite the superior look.

And of course now Trixie had both feet rubbing his lucky wiener.

"I don't like over-eager little fags" Trixie explained to me, coldly.

"I just may lock you back up again for sixty days."

"Please, Mistress." I sobbed, more for the idea that I might be further locked than that my penis had been savaged by the coat hanger.

How had all this happened? I'd grown up spoiled by&nbsp; my parents, teachers, coaches and lots of women...I'd been a Golden Boy until I was nearly thirty, and had fallen under Trixie's spell...and now look at me!

I must con her into letting me cum!

"I'll just kneel quietly and let you rub your feet on my penis. I promise not to rub back."

Trix laughed. "I think you need something to remind you that you aren't a big stud, Lionel.

I think you need a little more punishment. Lessons for Lionel. Yes!"

That was how I ended up sucking&nbsp; Jeremiah's dick until he shot a huge load of backed up semen down my throat.

Trixie then locked&nbsp; me back up, what a betrayal, and&nbsp; sobbing, I went to my room

I learned later that Jeremiah had been sent to stay with Doremus.

Doremus, despite being a tranny whore, owned some buildings in need of a&nbsp; property manager.

Jeremiah's accounting ability and his janitorial and&nbsp; repair skills really helped Doremus, who returned the favor with consistent domination and discipline.

After Jeremiah left, Trixie came into my room, and sat on my face, and I tried to forget my tears and chastity, and brought her to several more&nbsp; orgasms as she screamed with delight.

Afterwards, we had a talk.

"I broke up with Alan last night, Lionel" Trixie told me.

"He's getting too demanding, and I just don't think I can deal with that anymore.&nbsp; Sometimes I think we should normalize&nbsp; our relationship, you and me...

You'd get all the orgasms you wanted, and I'd give you unlimited blowjobs..."

As tempting as that was, and as desperate as I was for an orgasm right now, I knew that in the thick of it, I was a hard-core submissive, and I told&nbsp; Trixie so.

"Even though last night, being locked up and connected to the floor was horrible, my penis was never harder, Miss Trixie." I tried to smile. I knew I was giving away the store.

Trixie smiled contemptously.

"Yeah, I get that about you. You need to jerk off in the corner of the dungeon while I laugh&nbsp; in your face, right? God, thats so sad."

I blushed as she snickered.

"I'll probably meet a new guy who I can get to move in and help dominate you than, honey."

"N-no, I love having you to myself, Trix."

"Yeah, but I don't have time to do all the rigamarole. If I can get a guy to put you through your paces, I'll have more time&nbsp; for the stuff that matters...

Yoga, that&nbsp; sort of thing."


"B-but what about a girl?" I&nbsp; asked, really starting to worry.

"I know you'd be thrilled with a female dominant, Lionel, but I'd just get jealous, and I don't want you to have too good a time. I want you to&nbsp; beg for time alone with me, and to really value it."

Trix smiled, thinking about it, and I had to agree with her.

Now and then,&nbsp; Trixie would go out of town and&nbsp; leave me to be whipped and fucked by Male Masters, and I was so thrilled with my curvy little wife when she returned!

I'd kiss her all over if she left me, trying to get the taste of cock out of my mouth, and my brain.

Honestly, if I was forced to serve Mistress Doremus all the time, a black transvestite, I'd shoot myself. Poor Jeremiah!

"And that's why I am going to keep you in chastity for a while longer...this time."

And I understood a little bit about that too...

Shoeblossom, I have now been in chastity without release since November 23 of 2015...and it's early March of '16 now...

Trixie has promised me that she will let me beat off, just once, as soon as she finds a man to help her control me.

Cocksucking lessons and all that, right?

I'm not in great shape here...but&nbsp; I am the best submissive I can be!

Best,

Lionel Lithgow

Dear Lionel--

It sounds like you're really working on impressing your Mistress that you can make her proud.

 I still am amazed that you could turn down just being a normal husband again, for a little while. Allard B. from "Letter from Norwich, Connecticut" says that he is a naked and tortured sub six days a week, but on Sundays his wife lets him wear clothes and watch TV, and fuck her like a man. 

That sounds&nbsp; like a fairer compromise to me...but then again, I'm not a submissive. I started this as a garden and flower advice group, and I have no idea why I get these weird letters!

Best,
Shoeblossom

for more of my stories--

http://www.lulu.com/spotlight/justincbenedict



Review This Story
 || Email Author:   shoeblossom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





